{"tmdb_id": 10003, "title": "Le Saint", "original_title": "The Saint", "slug_title": "le-saint", "date": "1997-04-03", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Romance / Science-Fiction / Aventure"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Refusant l'identit\u00e9 que lui impose l'orphelinat de Hong Kong o\u00f9 il est plac\u00e9, un jeune gar\u00e7on prend la fuite. Devenu adulte, sous l'identit\u00e9 de Simon Templar il se signale par ses talents de voleur. Ses dons aux bonnes \u0153uvres lui valent son surnom : \u00ab\u00a0Le Saint\u00a0\u00bb. Il d\u00e9cide d'assurer sa retraite en vendant la formule de fission \u00e0 froid \u00e0 Ivan Tretiak, un homme d'affaires russe qui r\u00eave du pouvoir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uA24D8JCg21RDINMZ3vFaQYdIzW.jpg", "actors": ["Val Kilmer (Simon Templar)", "Elisabeth Shue (Emma Russell)", "Rade Serbedzija (Ivan Tretiak)", "Henry Goodman (Dr. Lev Botvin)", "Alun Armstrong (Inspector Teal)", "Michael Byrne (Vereshagin, Tretiak's Aide)", "Yevgeni Lazarev (President Karpov)", "Irina Apeksimova (Frankie)", "Lev Prygunov (General Sklarov)", "Charlotte Cornwell (Inspector Rabineau)", "Emily Mortimer (Woman on Plane)", "Lucija Serbedzija (Russian Prostitute)", "Velibor Topic (Skinhead)", "Tommy Flanagan (Scarface)", "Egor Pazenko (Scratchface)", "Adam Smith (Young Simon Templar)", "Pat Laffan (Catholic Priest)", "Verity-Jane Dearsley (Agnes)", "Michael Marquez (Boy in Orphanage)", "Lorelei King (TV Reporter)", "Alla Kazanskaya (Old Russian Lady)", "Ronnie Letham (Old Russian Man)", "Tusse Silberg (Prostitute's Mother)", "Peter Guinness (Frankie's Curator)", "Stefan Gryff (President's Aide)", "Malcolm Tierney (Russian Doctor)", "Christopher Rozycki ()", "Valeriy Nikolaev (Ilya Tretiak)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is not really a \u201cThe Saint\u201d movie as far as I am concerned. It has very little resemblance to the Simon Templar that we got to know in the TV-series starring Roger Moore in the lead role. I have not read the books so I do not know how well the movie actually relates to the books but I have to say that I was a little disappointed to see a Simon Templar that was not really\u2026him.\r\n\r\nI have never really been a huge fan of Val Kilmer and I do not really think he is the best match for the role. But then, as I wrote, I really do not see this as a Simon Templar movie anyway so. Elisabeth Shue is totally unbelievable as a scientist. I know they had to pick someone reasonably good-looking to satisfy the script but still, she just doesn\u2019t cut it as a scientist. The Russians are giving a much better performance. I quite liked both the Tretiak characters.\r\n\r\nThat is not to say that this is a bad movie though. You just have to forget about the references to The Saint and Simon Templar. The latter is not very difficult since he really do not call himself Simon Templar in most of the movie anyway. What this movie is though is a fairly decent light entertainment about a skilled high stakes thief with a troubled childhood. I say light entertainment because the plot is really not much more than you would expect from a TV-series pilot. There are some fun action, some fun infiltration, disguises, a bit of high-tech etc. Just a mixture of some \u201cfun stuff\u201d making you go \u201cokay that was not too bad\u201d at the end of the movie.\r\n\r\nOh, one more thing, I know that Simon Templar used to drive a Volvo P1800 but quite frankly, that was the only cool car that Volvo have ever made. Since the movie was so far from what I consider to be Simon Templar it is a real bummer that they had to choose that modern Volvo crap for him to drive."}], "recommandations_id": [9208, 4824, 9292, 8838], "youtube_key": "F4JOxijD1ts"}