{"tmdb_id": 10015, "title": "Le Ma\u00eetre de Guerre", "original_title": "Heartbreak Ridge", "slug_title": "le-maitre-de-guerre", "date": "1986-12-05", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un brillant sergent, Tom Highway qui ne supporte pas le temps de paix, rejoint son corps d'origine, le 2\u00e8me r\u00e9giment de reconnaissance des Marines pour y former les jeunes recrues. Il se trouve confront\u00e9 \u00e0 une garnison qui se laisse aller, encadr\u00e9e par des officiers ambitieux ou inefficaces. Tom Highway prend les choses en mains, entra\u00eene les hommes et cr\u00e9e un nouvel \u00e9tat d'esprit. Il retrouve en m\u00eame temps sa femme avec laquelle renait une fragile complicit\u00e9. Alors que les classes touchent \u00e0 leur fin, les Marines re\u00e7oivent l'ordre d'embarquer pour un obscur \u00eelot des Cara\u00efbes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hbKkfRpjtoCYabxEmhklM6MhF7g.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Gunnery Sgt. Tom 'Gunny' Highway)", "Marsha Mason (Aggie)", "Everett McGill (Major Malcolm A. Powers)", "Moses Gunn (Staff Sergeant Webster)", "Mario Van Peebles (Corporal 'Stitch' Jones)", "Eileen Heckart (Little Mary Jackson)", "Bo Svenson (Roy Jennings)", "Boyd Gaines (Lieutenant M.R. Ring)", "Arlen Dean Snyder (Sergeant Major Choozoo)", "Vincent Irizarry (Fragetti)", "Ram\u00f3n Franco (Private Aponte)", "Tom Villard (Profile)", "Begonya Plaza (Private Aponte's Wife)", "Peter Jason (Major G.F. Devin)", "Mike Gomez (Private Quinones)", "Rodney Hill (Private Collins)", "Peter Koch ('Swede' Johanson)", "Richard Venture (Colonel Meyers)", "J. C. Quinn (Quartermaster Sgt.)", "John Eames (Judge Zane)", "Thom Sharp (Emcee)", "John Gallagher (Emcee)", "John Hostetter (Reese)", "Holly Shelton-Foy (Sarita Dwayne)", "Nicholas Worth (Jail Binger)", "Timothy Fall (Kid in Jail)", "Jon Pennell (Jail Crier)", "Trish Garland (Woman Marine Officer)", "George Hartmann (Bar Tough Guy)", "Darwyn Swalve (Bar Tough Guy)", "Christopher Michael (Marine)", "Steve Halsey (Bus Driver)", "Rebecca Perle (Student in Shower)", "Annie O'Donnell (Telephone Operator)", "Elizabeth Ruscio (Waitress)", "Lloyd Nelson (Deputy)", "Michael Maurer (Bouncer in Bar)", "Tom Ellison (Marine Corporal)", "Russell Appling (Dock Marine (uncredited))", "Stan Rodarte (Dancer in Bar (uncredited))", "Tom Willett (Bus Passenger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A more comedic version of \u201cThe Dirty Dozen,\u201d but taking place in 1983 and starring Clint Eastwood***  \r\n\r\nClint Eastwood\u2019s \"Heartbreak Ridge\" (1986) stars Eastwood as a tough, soon-to-retire Marine gunnery sergeant who conflicts with the brass and his former-wife (Marsha Mason) as he takes command of a spoiled recon squad. The platoon is eventually deployed to Grenada in late October, 1983, in order to prevent a communist takeover and rescue some med students.\r\n\r\nThirteen years after \u201cThe Dirty Dozen,\u201d Eastwood recycles the plot and adds a lot of hip comedy. Although it\u2019s not a great military flick like \u201cDozen\u201d it has its points of entertainment, but you have to roll with the odd mixture of believable military training drama with heavy doses of amusement, mainly revolving around the cartoonish character of Cpl. Stitch Jones, played with fervor by Mario Van Peebles. If you can acclimate to this odd mixture, there\u2019s a lot to enjoy here.\r\n\r\nIt helps that the movie hooks you in with the opening jail fight involving the hard-living Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Highway (Eastwood). His reunion with his ex-wife and their potentially developing relationship is another hook. Some parts are kinda meh, but there\u2019s enough good here if you\u2019re in the mood for a military training flick in the form of \u201cThe Dirty Dozen\u201d meeting \u201cTop Gun\u201d (1987) mixed with an edgier version of Gomer Pyle.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 10 minutes and was shot at Camp Pendleton, Southern Cal, as well as Santa Clarita (caf\u00e9), San Clemente (bar), El Toro (airfield homecoming) and Vieques, Puerto Rico (Grenada).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Crusty Clint is still not to be messed with.\r\n\r\nOne of Clint Eastwood's most accessible 80s movies, Heartbreak Ridge sees the gruff actor on very fine form, this even though the \"war is hell\" core that fills out the last quarter via a rather silly gun toting rescue mission in Grenada does lack conviction. The film wins its stripes courtesy of James Carabatsos' razor witty script and the sub plot involving ex wife Aggie (Marsha Mason). For all its macho posturing and training routine shenanigans (you will wish we could have stayed at boot camp once Grenada arrives), at its heart is a very tender movie about a man who can't let the career go, and simultaneously the wife (ex) who simply lived hell each day as her man was off at war (Korea/Vietnam et al).\r\n\r\nThat said, it's the comedy that has made the film one of the most quoted film's of big Clint's career. Be it Eastwood himself tossing off witty put downs to his rag tag band of men, or the likes of Mario Van Peebles hilariously looking like some punk version of Michael Jackson, there's a lot of fun to be had in every other frame. There's even a guy here whose thighs are bigger than Sly Stallone! So yes there's many stereotypes here, none more so than Everett McGill's fresh out of school prig Major Powers, and for sure the ending is never in any doubt what so ever. But get in line and enjoy the fun whilst noticing that it does have under the surface themes well worth time investment as well. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [8879, 10724, 10651, 10650], "youtube_key": "ZOo4ir1MtoI"}