{"tmdb_id": 10028, "title": "Honey", "original_title": "Honey", "slug_title": "honey", "date": "2003-11-24", "genre": "Romance / Musique / Familial", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Honey Daniels a longtemps attendu de r\u00e9v\u00e9ler au monde ses talents de danseuse, et maintenant son d\u00e9sir le plus cher est sur le point de se r\u00e9aliser...Durant des ann\u00e9es, son ambition et sa d\u00e9termination ont donn\u00e9 \u00e0 la jeune danseuse / chor\u00e9graphe la force de pers\u00e9v\u00e9rer dans un monde o\u00f9 seuls quelques-uns peuvent pr\u00e9tendre \u00e0 la gloire. Alors m\u00eame que ses parents lui garantissaient un avenir confortable et sans histoire, elle a pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 l'aventure et a choisi d'aller vivre au coeur de la ville, en prise directe avec la musique.Dans la journ\u00e9e, Honey donne des cours de hip-hop. La nuit, elle travaille comme barmaid avant de s'\u00e9clater sur la piste du club. C'est ainsi qu'un r\u00e9alisateur vid\u00e9o la d\u00e9couvre et lui offre sa premi\u00e8re chance : un job de choriste qui lui permettra de faire ses preuves et de gravir rapidement les \u00e9chelons...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xyqsfWcjC9TQZjGn2NLspL5YoJ4.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Alba (Honey Daniels)", "Mekhi Phifer (Chaz)", "Joy Bryant (Gina)", "Romeo Miller (Benny)", "David Moscow (Michael Ellis)", "Zachary Isaiah Williams (Raymond)", "Missy Elliott (Herself)", "Anthony Sherwood (Mr. Daniels)", "Lonette McKee (Mrs. Daniels)", "Maestro (B.B.)", "Judi Embden (Mrs. Strom)", "Alison Sealy-Smith (Marisol)", "Scott Neil (Lenny)", "Sarah Francis (Letitia)", "Jull Weber (Joey)", "Kevin Duhaney (Otis)", "Brandi Ward (Choreographer)", "Fonzworth Bentley (Barber)", "Tracy Dawson (Assistant Director)", "Laurieann Gibson (Katrina)", "Shawn Desman (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> How simple, charming dance flick it is.\r\n\r\nOne of the first films in the revolution of modern dance flicks, though I know I saw it too late. Nowadays there are many films are coming out since the younger generation showing very interest in the dance. I especially don't know how 'Step Up' made a successful franchise, but the sixth is on the way.\r\n\r\nHoney is a main character's name played by Jessica Alba. A passionate dance, choreographer, when her dream coming to true that hits a roadblock for some reason followed by other issues. So now she has to come up with a solution to solve all the problems and that's the film tells how she overcomes them all at once.\r\n\r\nA simple story, even the choreography was ordinary, but not a bad film. I anticipated Alba to give a show that not to forget for the decades. This is now obviously a decade old flick and disappointed with her character, especially with her dance moves. But young Alba in a sexy pose on the poster, no one can just ignore it from watching.\r\n\r\nOverall, I enjoyed it. Since I'm watching it delayed, I should not compare it to the present scenario. Even though it has been only 13 years, in which all the fields rapidly advanced, so the dance. I suggest you just go for it with an empty mind if you want to see it. Soon I'm going to catch up with its sequel, but I know it won't be as decent as this one.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [63710, 9816, 8328, 9762]}