{"tmdb_id": 10033, "title": "Just Friends", "original_title": "Just Friends", "slug_title": "just-friends", "date": "2005-11-23", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Adolescent, Rick assume mal son physique et se retrouve souvent victime des moqueries de camarades malintentionn\u00e9s. Pour couronner le tout, Jamie, la plus jolie fille du lyc\u00e9e, ne voit dans leur relation qu'une franche camaraderie. Un jour c'en est trop : il quitte le New Jersey. Dix ans plus tard Rick est devenu la coqueluche de ces dames. Par un concours de circonstances, il retourne dans sa ville natale et retrouve Jamie, qu'il n'a jamais cess\u00e9 d'aimer. Il d\u00e9cide alors de la conqu\u00e9rir, mais c'est sans compter sur Samantha ; la pop star insupportable dont il est le manager.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yYEmNxjGdsqUYvmHe1B5LLxu9t6.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Reynolds (Chris Brander)", "Amy Smart (Jamie Palamino)", "Anna Faris (Samantha James)", "Chris Klein (Dusty Dinkleman)", "Chris Marquette (Mike Brander)", "Julie Hagerty (Carol Brander)", "Giacomo Beltrami (Young Mike Brander)", "Amy Matysio (Darla)", "Fred Ewanuick (Clark)", "Wendy Anderson (Mrs. Palamino)", "Barry Flatman (Mr. Palamino)", "Mike O'Brien (Hockey Dad)", "Ty Olsson (Tim)", "Devyn Burant (Brett)", "Jaden Ryan (Joey)", "Todd Lewis (Kyle)", "Annie Brebner (Sarah)", "Justin Kirby (Jock #1)", "Jackie Mitchell (Jock #2)", "Stephen Root (KC)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The comedy about a second chance.**\r\n\r\nI'm reviewing a decade old film. This kind of themes is very much done for the current era, particularly in Hollywood. You can't believe this guy did a film like this back then. I'm obviously talking about Ryan Reynolds. It was just for fun, other than that there's nothing to expect from it. Clearly we know how the story begins and ends, but we're only going to see the middle parts, how they developed it, especially the comedies.\r\n\r\nAll the actors were decent, particularly Amy Smart was much preferred actress than what she's now. Ryan Reynolds with those dual getups was not bad either and Anna Faris was excellent in the comedy parts. Maybe it is a chick film, or close to that category, but the perspective of the story was from a man.\r\n\r\nBeing a geek in the high school, how he transformed into a handsome man is the film. When he visits his hometown, all the old memories comes back to the life, particularly after seeing his old close friend who he had a crush on her, but never revealed it. So it is like his second and probably final chance to express his feeling. How it all develops and ends was the remaining story.\r\n\r\nBeing a comedy, it has not delivered anything big. It might have effected good way, if I had watched when it came out. So not everyone who watches it would end up happily. It is not easy to suggest this film for everybody, but if you're looking for a comedy, some comedy, it will work okay. And again, don't take it seriously, even some of the jokes are too ordinary, but tried its best. An average comedy, but a good time pass film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [12090, 7553, 8390, 13476]}