{"tmdb_id": 100474, "title": "The Undertow", "original_title": "The Undertow", "slug_title": "the-undertow", "date": "2003-10-01", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "Six friends enter the strange town of Old Mines for a weekend float trip. They quickly realize that the town is not friendly to strangers, and they are pressured to leave by the police. When the friends decide to continue their float trip anyway, terrifying secrets of the town surface. A seven-foot-tall deformed maniac, known by the townsfolk as The Boy is kept under lock and key by the town's mayor. The Boy's purpose is simple: kill outsiders. The Mayor of Old Mines releases The Boy and the maniac's hunt begins. One by one, the campers on their float trip are ripped to gory shreds by the enraged, deformed, hulking Boy. But there is great mystery to the Boy. Who is his father? Who is his mother? How did he become so dangerous? In the end, the answers to these questions will put the entire town of Old Mines in danger. The Boy is an unstoppable killing machine, and anyone in his path won't be in one piece for long!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aFeztuWyb1YDnMgQHl1MjLaPpRL.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Christ (Eli)", "Julie Farrar (Carolanne)", "Joseph Palermo (Deputy Foxy Watson)", "Trudy Bequette (Billie Hovis)", "Chris Grega (Buster)", "Emily Haack (Mia)", "Robin Garrels (Judy)", "Todd Tevlin (Tim)", "Jeff Atwater (R.C. Brown)", "Doc Brown (The Boy)", "Ed Belt (Mayor Hovis)", "Ceily Davis (Stella Mae Brown)", "Kevin Golden (Sheriff)", "Sandy Dvorak ()", "John Moore (The Boy, age 9)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}