{"tmdb_id": 100402, "title": "Captain America : Le Soldat de l'hiver", "original_title": "Captain America: The Winter Soldier", "slug_title": "captain-america-le-soldat-de-l-hiver", "date": "2014-03-20", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s les \u00e9v\u00e9nements cataclysmiques de New York de The Avengers, Steve Rogers aka Captain America vit tranquillement \u00e0 Washington, D.C. et essaye de s'adapter au monde moderne. Mais quand un coll\u00e8gue du S.H.I.E.L.D. est attaqu\u00e9, Steve se retrouve impliqu\u00e9 dans un r\u00e9seau d'intrigues qui met le monde en danger. S'associant \u00e0 Black Widow, Captain America lutte pour d\u00e9noncer une conspiration grandissante, tout en repoussant des tueurs professionnels envoy\u00e9s pour le faire taire. Quand l'\u00e9tendue du plan mal\u00e9fique est r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9e, Captain America et Black Widow sollicite l'aide d'un nouvel alli\u00e9, le Faucon. Cependant, ils se retrouvent bient\u00f4t face \u00e0 un inattendu et redoutable ennemi - le Soldat de l'Hiver.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5TQ6YDmymBpnF005OyoB7ohZps9.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Evans (Steve Rogers / Captain America)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Robert Redford (Alexander Pierce)", "Sebastian Stan (James \"Bucky\" Barnes / Winter Soldier)", "Anthony Mackie (Sam Wilson / Falcon)", "Cobie Smulders (Maria Hill)", "Frank Grillo (Brock Rumlow)", "Maximiliano Hern\u00e1ndez (Agent Jasper Sitwell)", "Emily VanCamp (Sharon Carter / Agent 13)", "Hayley Atwell (Peggy Carter)", "Toby Jones (Dr. Arnim Zola)", "Stan Lee (Smithsonian Guard)", "Callan Mulvey (Jack Rollins)", "Jenny Agutter (Councilwoman Hawley)", "Bernard White (Councilman Singh)", "Alan Dale (Councilman Rockwell)", "Chin Han (Councilman Yen)", "Garry Shandling (Senator Stern)", "Georges St-Pierre (Georges Batroc)", "Salvator Xuereb (French Pirate #1)", "Brian Duffy (French Pirate #2)", "Zack Duhame (Engine Pirate)", "Adetokumboh M'Cormack (French Radio Pirate)", "Christopher George Sarris (Skinny Steve)", "Aaron Himelstein (Specialist Cameron Klein)", "Allan Chanes (Launch Tech)", "Joe Russo (Dr. Fine (as Gozie Agbo))", "Christopher Markus (SHIELD Interrogator #1)", "Stephen McFeely (SHIELD Interrogator #2)", "Pat Healy (Scientist #1)", "Ed Brubaker (Scientist #2)", "D.C. Pierson (Apple Employee)", "Danny Pudi (Com Tech #1)", "Bernie Zilinskas (Com Tech #2)", "Branka Kati\u0107 (Renata (as Branka Katic))", "Angela Russo-Otstot (Garcia)", "Jon Sklaroff (Charlie XO)", "Chad Todhunter (Charlie Weapons Tech)", "Abigail Marlowe (SHIELD Tech)", "Jeremy Maxwell (Lead SHIELD Pilot)", "Emerson Brooks (Senior SHIELD Agent)", "Evan Parke (SHIELD Agent)", "Ricardo Chacon (Strike SGT. #1)", "Griffin M. Allen (Strike SGT. #2)", "Ann Russo (Strike Agent)", "Joe Rosalina (Strike Agent)", "Michael Debeljak (Strike Agent)", "Eddie J. Fernandez (Strike Agent)", "Jody Hart (25th Floor Strike Agent)", "Steven Culp (Scudder)", "Derek Hughes (Human Resources Executive)", "Wendy Hoopes (Doctor)", "Ethan Rains (Lead EMT)", "Dominic Rains (CIA Instructor)", "Charles Wittman (Capitol Hill Police)", "Andy Martinez, Jr. (Capitol Hill Police)", "Michael De Geus (FBI Agent)", "Terence O'Rourke (FBI Agent)", "Anne Grimenstein (Committee Member)", "Dante Rosalina (Little Boy in the Smithsonian)", "Robert Clotworthy (Fury Car Voice (voice))", "Gary Sinise (The Smithsonian Narrator (voice))", "Dean Barlage (SHIELD Agent (uncredited))", "Debbie Scaletta (Museum Visitor (uncredited))", "Henry Goodman (Dr. List (uncredited))", "Thomas Kretschmann (Baron Wolfgang von Strucker (uncredited))", "Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Pietro Maximoff (uncredited))", "Elizabeth Olsen (Wanda Maximoff (uncredited))", "June Christopher (SHIELD Computer (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Raquel98", "content": "This movie is very good I loved it so much."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is indeed a great piece of superhero entertainment. If superheroes and action, plenty of action, is within your sphere of interest then this movie truly delivers. There is even a story to support the stunts and special effects fireworks that is not too shabby. As a matter of fact, for being a Marvel-based movie, the story is more than acceptable.\r\n\r\nAs the blurb states, our hero is meeting a few adaptation issues after having been awaken into the modern world. Luckily the movie do not fall into the trap of making some silly comedy out of it but keeps these parts at a reasonable level where it stays funny without ruining the movie or disrupting the pace of the real story.\r\n\r\nThe story? Simple and not very original with the usual slew of traitors strewn about, you cannot trust anyone, our hero becomes a fugitive etc etc bla bla bla. It is however a pretty straightforward one which works quite well and is not getting bogged down in silly emotions and general idiotic behavior by our hero like for instance several instalments of Spider Man have done. Actually this is one thing that I really like with this movie. The hero is a true hero from start to finish without any of that modern Hollywood crap where the hero must be tarnished in one way or another to satisfy the directors and producers.\r\n\r\nAs I wrote above if you like superhero action movies then there is little not to like with this one. Acceptable story, plenty of action, good special effects, a cool chick (hey I am but an ordinary male, I like female actors in tight costumes) and a clear hero. None of the actors are really doing a bad job of it and in general the acting is as good as one can expect when portraying characters that, after all, are be totally ludicrous in real life. Its 8 out of 10 rating at IMDb (at the time of writing this) is well deserved. I am astonished that some people seem to have voted it down with a one star rating. It is a Marvel-based movie. You might feel it is more or less good but the style of the movie should not really be a major surprise to anyone and there is no way in hell that it deserves a one star rating unless someone really watched the wrong movie by accident."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Put *a little* bit of brain in a superhero's movie script and you will have everybody talking wonders about it.\r\n\r\nThis is not a bad movie but neither astonishing. Fun and entertaining and with great FX, as expected."}, {"pseudo": "Grant English", "content": "The Winter Soldier has all the action, quirky one-liners, and bold adventure that we have come to expect of a Marvel movie.\r\n\r\nPlus we get introduced to a new/old villain as well as some fun romantic tension between Steve Rogers (Captain America) and Natasha Romanoff (The Black Widow).  (Scarlett Johansson is perfect in this role.)\r\n\r\nBut this film also has some minor irritations all stemming from Marvel's tendency to make _Captain America_ more complicated than it really needs to be.\r\n\r\nMINOR SPOILER ALERT:\r\n1. The love story/non-story.  Is this necessary? Will the Captain remain faithful to a 80 year-old woman on her deathbed OR engage in a date with his next door neighbor?  Plus the tension between him and Natasha Romanoff is intense.  This comes off as forced, awkward, and pointless.\r\n\r\n2. \u201cThe deception goes deeper than you can imagine. You can\u2019t trust anybody.\u201d  It's this way every time so it should no longer be a surprise.\r\n\r\n3. He\u2019s dead but not really. Not him, the other him. Well\u2026they both were dead \u2013 not really \u2013 but now they are both alive. But one of them can\u2019t remember who he really is. In this film we get to do this with two characters instead of one.  It\u2019s not a huge distraction but why does Marvel keep returning to this plot line? \r\n\r\nEND OF MINOR SPOILER ALERT\r\n\r\nThe Winter Soldier is best when Rogers and Romanoff are on the move trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. The explosions are nice, the action scenes are intense but the real enjoyment of the film is where skill and wits are relied on more than gadgets and explosions. \r\n\r\nPatriotism is a bit more nuanced this time around and it's better for it.  The cast is great, no awkward acting moments to report. It\u2019s a great summer flick with all the action you want."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Till the end of the road.\r\n\r\nStonking! Now this is more like it, after the disappointments that have been Iron Man 2 and Thor 2, Captain America gets a sequel of substance and sparks. It manages to blend everything required to make a great superhero film, lashings of derring-do heroics, action bonanza, adventure, some sexy sizzle and of course the key, a story with brains and mystery elements.\r\n\r\nTrue enough to say that the considerable contributions of Black Widow and Falcon (and Nick Fury of course) keeps this as a lively Avengers spin-off movie, which is no bad thing at all, but it's still the Captain who dominates things, marking himself out as a viable main man. In fact the whole film has the old school comic book feel, yes there's the grandiose pyrotechnics - unsurprisingly amped up for the big finale, but there's an adherence to serial thriller conventions that is, well, rather warm and comforting.\r\n\r\nWith the Captain getting some surprising amount of emotional depth and humanity courtesy of the perfectly cast Chris Evans, the viewers have much to care about. Themes of Bondian world domination and global security crisis keep things nice and fanciful, while the unheralded work by the effects guys is modern cinematic art. There's some adherence to genre formula, and a bit of Marvel universe copy-catting going on, but this is one of the best films from the Marvel stable. A rich sequel indeed - more Captain America please. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long format review from 2014**\r\n\r\nMisleadingly, the titular Winter Soldier is essentially a minor subplot in what is more of an espionage-technoir-thriller meets spectacle-epic than your typical super hero film. The real meat of the movie, thankfully, has some more substance behind it. Though it wouldn't surprise me if we learn later that Sebastian Stan's villain was forced to take a back seat via last minute script changes \u00e0 la Hawkeye in _The Avengers_.\r\n\r\nThese things are of course a matter of opinion, and I'd like to watch _Winter Soldier_ at least once more (particularly in 2D... God do I ever hate 3D) before committing to any particular ranking. But even without that, I feel confident in saying it's the best MCU Phase 2 film to date. We must await _Guardians of The Galaxy_ and _Age of Ultron_ before cementing that little award, but I'd say that it stands at the very least above _Iron Man 3_ and _The Dark World_.\r\n\r\nI always try to keep my reviews spoiler free, but being that in most parts of the world it isn't out yet, I'll be extra careful to do so with this one. This makes talking about _Winter Soldier_ on its own merits difficult, but there are certainly a few things that can be said.\r\n\r\nChris Evans (Cap'), Scarlett Johansson (Black Widow) and to a slightly lesser extent. Anthonie Mackie (Falcon) rule the film, and do so without any shortcomings. That's not to say that they couldn't physically have done any better, but their roles were all seamless as far as my blurred vision could tell, which is not an accolade I'd often give.\r\n\r\nWhere _The Dark World_ was simply a holding pattern for Thor with some very pretty pictures, _Iron Man 3_ and _The Winter Soldier_ went out and took some actual risks in their stories. But unlike _Iron Man 3's_, Winter Soldier's risks have (to its eternal credit) been universally well received.\r\n\r\nDirectors Joe and Anthony Russo also managed to cameo a couple of Community alumni, which will never be a bad thing in my eyes, even if they're just one-off, throwaway jokes.\r\n\r\nAs I said, I really feel I need to give _The Winter Soldier_ at the very least one more screening before I feel totally confident in my thoughts about it.\r\n\r\nBut the fact that I'm really fucking excited for that second viewing speaks in its favour if nothing else does.\r\n\r\n86%\r\n\r\n_-Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Captain America: The Winter Soldier opens up with an action sequence that's better than most action movie climaxes. It then sets up a really intriguing story before launching into one of the most suspenseful car chases since the Simpson/Bruckheimer 90s era. After that it's scene after scene of amazing action coupled with a complex story about heroes and villains being caught in a system that is too big to bring down, unless you're as good and level headed as Steve Rogers.\r\n\r\nThis isn't just a great comic book movie. It's a great movie; period. Using a spy thriller style mixed with martial arts and gunplay, set to the perfect music score, I would rank The Winter Soldier as one of my favourite action films hands down."}], "recommandations_id": [76338, 1771, 99861, 127585], "youtube_key": "7SlILk2WMTI"}