{"tmdb_id": 10056, "title": "Le Baiser du Tueur", "original_title": "Killer's Kiss", "slug_title": "le-baiser-du-tueur", "date": "1955-09-21", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une d\u00e9faite sur le ring dans un match officiel important, Davey Gordon d\u00e9fend une entra\u00eeneuse de dancing, Gloria, malmen\u00e9e par son patron Vincent Rapallo. Les deux jeunes gens qui habitent dans le m\u00eame voisinage, sympathisent et tombent amoureux. Gloria d\u00e9cide alors de quitter son travail pour fuir sa condition et son employeur. Ce dernier, \u00e9pris d'elle, tente de l'en emp\u00eacher en \u00e9liminant Davey qui se retrouve ainsi confront\u00e9 aux hommes de main de Rapallo. S'ensuit une poursuite haletante avec une sc\u00e8ne m\u00e9morable dans un entrep\u00f4t de mannequins.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wkPfeYhSDAPYptZ0AlCihJ3Zh0O.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Silvera (Vincent Rapallo)", "Jamie Smith (Davy Gordon)", "Irene Kane (Gloria Price)", "Jerry Jarrett (Albert)", "Mike Dana (Gangster)", "Felice Orlandi (Gangster)", "Shaun O'Brien (Landlord)", "Barbara Brand (Taxi Dance Lady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Classy, Feverish, a Mess?  \r\n\r\nThe second feature film directed by future critical darling Stanley Kubrick, Killer's Kiss isn't a particularly good film. With its very basic \"B\" film noir plot, choppy editing, post-dubbing and \"interesting\" acting from the unknown cast, the film should really be a chore to get thru. However, it represents a worthwhile investment of our time for two main reasons. One is of course to witness the early work of a most revered and talented director. The other is because of some indelible images that exist within the piece, images crafted around authentic New York locations.\r\n\r\nThe plot revolves around Davey Gordon (Jamie Smith), a 29 year old New York boxer at the end of his career, and his relationship with a dancer and her violent employer. Love, violence and revenge all crammed into one sweaty New York weekend. Kubrick co-wrote the screenplay with Howard Sackler, he also edited, co-produced and photographed the picture himself. All financed by cash generated from friends and family of the novice director.\r\n\r\nWhile there is nothing to write home about in the writing, certainly there is no hint of the creative writing flair Kubrick would show later in his career, it's with the visuals and to a lesser extent, the sound work, that Killer's Kiss shows that the powerful director was quick out of the traps. The whole film comes across as some feverish fairy-tale, one which at frequent moments shifts to some sort of surrealistic nightmare. The effects aided by the use of negative film stock and the tilting blend of opposing character scenes. Sexual aggression segues with a brutal boxing match, a ballerina dancing sequence takes one away from the hustle and bustle of the loud streets. Streets where bizarre fez wearing musicians prance about gaily, and where shadowy figures follow men down alleyways to enact a brutal crime. All distorting, memorable stuff, capped off by an axe fight in a mannequin factory, the dismembered parts used not only a weapons, but also as a point of reference to the weird thematics laid down by Kubrick.\r\n\r\nWith stark black and white imagery augmented by the harsh music, and Kubrick dallying with close ups and low angle camera shots, Killer's Kiss is never less than engrossing from a technical viewpoint. Think of it like that weird dream you had when you had taken too much cough syrup that time, and you will be half way there. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [247, 10165, 802, 45966]}