{"tmdb_id": 100605, "title": "December 7th", "original_title": "December 7th", "slug_title": "december-7th", "date": "1943-01-01", "genre": ["Histoire / Guerre / Action"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "\"Docudrama\" about the bombing of Pearl Harbor on December 7th, 1941 and its results, the recovering of the ships, the improving of defense in Hawaii and the US efforts to beat back the Japanese reinforcements.  This film exists in two versions. This longer, unreleased cut (which is rarely screened) brackets this material fictional sequences. The introductory sequence shows Uncle Sam on vacation in Hawaii on December 6th. A character embodying the Voice of Responsibility warns him that ignoring Japanese immigrant Fifth Column activity will lead to disaster. The concluding sequence the ghost of a serviceman killed in the attack discussing how the US will beat the Japanese with the ghost of a Revolutionary War soldier in Arlington National Cemetery.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u5ACN9Ete305HTjAROnmoYHvZxb.jpg", "actors": ["Walter Huston (Uncle Sam 'U.S.')", "Harry Davenport (Mr. 'C')", "Dana Andrews (Ghost of US sailor killed at Pearl Harbor)", "Paul Hurst (World War I Ghost Soldier)", "George O'Brien (Narrator)", "James Kevin McGuinness (Narrator)", "Philip Ahn (Shinto Priest)", "Addie Allen ()", "Ralph Byrd (Reporter)", "James Conaty (Wounded Officer)", "Hirohito ()", "Adolf Hitler ()", "James E. Kelley ()", "Mrs. James E. Kelley ()", "Mrs. William J. Leight ()", "William J. Leight ()", "'Ducky' Louie (Hawaiian Boy)", "Robert Lowery (Pvt. Joseph L. Lockhart)", "Benito Mussolini ()", "Irving Pichel (Narrator (voice))", "Joseph B. Poindexter ()", "Henry L. Rosenthal ()", "Mrs. Henry L. Rosenthal ()", "Lionel Royce (Mr. Hanneman)", "William R. Schick Jr. ()", "Mrs. William H. Schick ()", "William H. Schick ()", "Karl Swenson (Machine-Gunner)", "Mrs. Stephen Szabo ()", "Stephen Szabo ()", "Jesus A. Tafoya ()", "Mrs. Jesus A. Tafoya ()", "Charles Tannen (Mike - Landing Field Officer)", "H.N. Wallin ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was solid. Recently I have taken an interest in both the propaganda films and wartime documentaries of World War II from both sides. I especially wanted to see this, since I love Ford's 'They Were Expendable' so much. Definitely worth the effort to find if you have a similar inclination for the material.\r\n\r\nI have always wondered if a truly 'objective', 'unbiased' documentary can be made. Simply the decisions a director makes in what to capture and what not to makes such a gesture impossible, doesn't it? I especially feel this is the case when it comes to nationalistic documents, such as this.\r\n\r\nI have NO idea what its competition was, but this deservedly won Ford an Oscar for Best Documentary: Short Subject--this was a fine work he was well to be proud of."}], "recommandations_id": [15469, 296680], "youtube_key": "notfound"}