{"tmdb_id": 10083, "title": "Sens unique", "original_title": "No Way Out", "slug_title": "sens-unique", "date": "1987-08-14", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans un acc\u00e8s de rage, le Secr\u00e9taire d\u2019\u00c9tat \u00e0 la D\u00e9fense David Brice assassine sa ma\u00eetresse. Pour \u00e9touffer l'affaire, l'adjoint de Brice cr\u00e9e la couverture id\u00e9ale : inventer de toutes pi\u00e8ces un tueur - un espion russe - puis enjoint le commandant Tom Farrel \u00e0 retrouver sa trace. Mais par un fait du hasard, Farell est lui aussi li\u00e9 \u00e0 la victime... et les indices qu'il d\u00e9couvre l'accusent du meurtre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d5IH1DXNinoAAHl9gjZLDuqoaK1.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Costner (Lt. Cmdr. Tom Farrell)", "Gene Hackman (Defense Secretary David Brice)", "Will Patton (Scott Pritchard)", "Sean Young (Susan Atwell)", "George Dzundza (Sam Hesselman)", "Jason Bernard (Major Donovan)", "Iman (Nina Beka)", "Howard Duff (Senator William 'Billy' Duvall)", "Leo Geter (Ensign Fox)", "Fred Dalton Thompson (CIA Director Marshall)", "Leon Russom (Kevin O'Brien)", "Dennis Burkley (Boat Renter)", "Matthew Barry (Bellboy)", "Chris D. (Assassin)", "Marshall Bell (Assassin)", "June Chandler (Mrs. Brice)", "David Paymer (Computer Technician)", "Brad Pitt (background extra (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Counting down the hours for some self investigation.\r\n\r\nNo Way Out is directed by Roger Donaldson and adapted to screenplay by Robert Garland from the novel \"The Big Clock\" written by Kenneth Fearing. It stars Kevin Costner, Gene Hackman, Sean Young, Will Patton, George Dzundza and Howard Duff. Music is by Maurice Jarre and cinematography by John Alcott.\r\n\r\nAlready filmed impressively as The Big Clock in 1948, Fearing's ingenious source material gets a shift to a Pentagon backdrop and still comes out a winner. Putting their own spin on the central story, that of a man finding he is investigating \"himself\" during a murder enquiry, the makers unfurl a labyrinthine plot that keeps up the suspense quota right to the very end.\r\n\r\nIn true noir style, the story is crammed with double bluffs, deceit, sex and death, with the added ingredient of politico intrigue to spice things still further. Cast are led superbly by Costner and Hackman, though Young is a bit too dull an actress to really put fire into the key femme role, and Alcott makes great use of the real Washington locations to bring visual authenticity to the story's setting.\r\n\r\nJarre's score is hokey sounding and doesn't sit right with the dramatics on show, while the big reveal at the finale is still as divisive today as it was back on the film's release, but this is still a fine example of a film noir remake that really works for the neo-noir loving crowd. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Life in DC and The Pentagon during the mid-80s\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1987 and directed by Roger Donaldson, \"No Way Out\u201d is a political drama/thriller starring Keven Costner as a Lieutenant Commander in the Navy who falls in love with a woman of dubious morality (Sean Young) and is thrust into a cover-up/witch hunt after a tragedy. Gene Hackman plays his \u201cboss\u201d at the Pentagon, the Secretary of Defense, while Will Patton appears as the Secretary\u2019s loyal and diligent assistant. \r\n\r\nThis remake of 1948's \u201cThe Big Clock\" makes great use of Washington DC & surrounding area (e.g. Arlington) with sweet opening and closing aerial views. The Pentagon is a focal point with much of the drama taking place in that iconic building. There\u2019s a worthy surprise in the plot so pay attention.    \r\n\r\nRoger Ebert overrated this movie in 1987, giving it a perfect rating. The first half is a great setup, but the second half is merely okay and sometimes comes off as a TV production, verging on amateurish (you\u2019ll see what I mean). The photo that the computer slowly materializes is a particularly quaint element; and the distinctly 80\u2019s score doesn\u2019t help. \r\n\r\nStill, there\u2019s enough good here to make \u201cNo Way Out\u201d worth checking out if it sounds appealing to you. Although Hackman is almost wasted in a role where he is relegated to sitting around looking concerned, Patton\u2019s passionate work makes up for it; Costner and Young too.   \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 54 minutes and was shot in DC, Virginia (Arlington & Alexandria), Maryland (Annapolis) and the Toronto airport. WRITERS: Kenneth Fearing (novel) and Robert Garland (screenplay). \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [11509, 11060, 12150, 10859], "youtube_key": "-NaBMu3pooM"}