{"tmdb_id": 101269, "title": "Marriage Is a Private Affair", "original_title": "Marriage Is a Private Affair", "slug_title": "marriage-is-a-private-affair", "date": "1944-08-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Guerre"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Theo has had many boyfriends who wanted to marry her. Since her mother, Mrs. Selworth, has been married many times, Theo is unsure of commitment. Without much thought, she finally accepts the proposal of Air Corps Lieutenant Tom West. After the honeymoon, Tom's father dies and Tom goes into the defense industry. When Theo has a baby, she hates the idea of being matronly and wants to be the old party girl. The problem is that her husband is working constantly. She looks to her friends, who are having their own problems, and to her old flame Captain Lancing. To decide on what she wants to do with her baby and her life, Theo must grow up.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jZMRmo8DXreTre9hpSOrCA4YNuE.jpg", "actors": ["Lana Turner (Theodora \"Theo\" Scoffield West)", "John Hodiak (Lt. Thomas \"Tom\" Cochrane West)", "James Craig (Major Miles Lancing)", "Frances Gifford (Sissy Mortimer)", "Hugh Marlowe (Joesph I. Murdock)", "Natalie Schafer (Irene Selworth)", "Keenan Wynn (Maj. Bob Wilton)", "Herbert Rudley (Theodore \"Ted\" Mortimer)", "Paul Cavanagh (Mr. Selworth)", "Morris Ankrum (Elliott Scoffield)", "Virginia Brissac (Mrs. Courtland West)", "Jane Green (Martha)", "Tom Drake (Bill Rice)", "Shirley Patterson (Mary Saunders)", "Nana Bryant (Nurse)", "Neal Dodd (Minister (as Rev. Neal Dodd))", "Eve Whitney (Maid of Honor)", "Patricia Morrow (Baby)", "Addison Richards (Col. H.W. Ryder)", "Ann Codee (Madame Cushine)", "Charles Coleman (Selworth's Butler)", "Sam McDaniel (Train Station Porter)", "George Meeker (Jonesy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [79521, 99674], "youtube_key": "XWjN-csWEUs"}