{"tmdb_id": 10135, "title": "Road House", "original_title": "Road House", "slug_title": "road-house", "date": "1989-05-19", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Dalton est un talentueux videur de bo\u00eete de nuit adepte des arts martiaux, bachelier en philosophie et form\u00e9 par le v\u00e9t\u00e9ran du m\u00e9tier, Wade Garrett. Il prend un poste au Double Deuce, discoth\u00e8que malfam\u00e9e de Jasper City dans le Missouri, afin d'y r\u00e9tablir l'ordre. Il se rapproche rapidement d'Elizabeth Clay, un jeune docteur, et s'oppose \u00e0 Brad Wesley, qui fait r\u00e9gner la peur sur la ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/epxeFRI1Ig3CU7hnz9pZVkarfOz.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Swayze (James Dalton)", "Kelly Lynch (Dr. Elizabeth Clay)", "Sam Elliott (Wade Garrett)", "Ben Gazzara (Brad Wesley)", "Marshall R. Teague (Jimmy)", "Julie Michaels (Denise)", "Red West (Red Webster)", "Sunshine Parker (Emmet)", "Kevin Tighe (Tilghman)", "John Doe (Pat McGurn)", "Kathleen Wilhoite (Carrie)", "Travis McKenna (Jack)", "Roger Hewlett (Younger)", "Bob Jennings (Bandstand Bouncer)", "Kym Malin (Party Girl)", "Jeff Healey (Cody)", "Gary Hudson (Steve)", "Joe Unger (Karpis)", "Sheila Ryan (Judy (as Sheila Caan))", "Keith David (Ernie Bass)", "Patricia Tallman (Bandstand Babe)", "Heidi Paine (Party Girl)", "Jacklyn Palmer (Party Girl)", "Laura Albert (Strip Joint Girl)", "Christina Veronica (Strip Joint Girl)", "Jasae (Strip Joint Girl)", "Michele Burger (Strip Joint Girl)", "Terry Funk (Morgan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The name is Dalton and we thought he would be bigger.  \r\n\r\nDalton (Patrick Swayze) is a highly regarded professional cooler of bars and clubs. He is hired by Frank Tilghman (Kevin Tighe) to clean up his Double Deuce Road House down in Jasper, Missouri. A rough drunken and bloody place, the Double Deuce is just the start of Dalton's problems as he falls foul of town despot Brad Wesley (Ben Gazzara).\r\n\r\nI don't know if it's the same the world over, but here in Britain a bouncer is very different to that of a doorman. This is something that anyone who has been in and round the profession can attest to. So even though the casting of Swayze at first glance seemed an odd one, his character Dalton (wonderfully essayed by him actually) is the epitome of a doorman, where violence is the last resort and used only in extreme circumstances. All of which makes Road House an interesting film in the context of its subjects, it's only when the makers resort to cheap tricks and heavy formula that the film descends into soggy popcorn fodder.\r\n\r\nThe fight scenes are competently handled here, and the characters are an engaging bunch (an axis between Dalton and his landlord Emmet is particularly warm). It's also a very sexy film, mucho machismo for the lads and ladies as Swayze buffs up and kicks butt, while Kelly Lynch sets pulses raising as the perfectly toned, obligatory love interest, Doc Clay. A huge question remains though as to if Road House means to be as cheese funny as it is? Because outside of the obvious jokes (plenty) there's cringe moments that make you wonder if it's comedy first, hard buttock actioner second? Be that as it may, Road House is an entertaining film regardless. Scorned by many but cherished by a lot, it remains a late 80s genre splicer that now has something of a cult following. See it at least if only for Sam Elliott's delightful turn as Wade Garrett, the cooler with a reputation as big as Jasper itself. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [150, 10859, 11967, 11074], "youtube_key": "7Ikfz-S6Tjo"}