{"tmdb_id": 10134, "title": "Cyborg", "original_title": "Cyborg", "slug_title": "cyborg", "date": "1989-04-07", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9vast\u00e9e par l'anarchie sociale et la peste, l'Am\u00e9rique du 21\u00e8me si\u00e8cle est plong\u00e9e dans un cauchemar barbare. Seul Pearl Prophet, une magnifique mi-humaine / mi-robot, a les connaissances n\u00e9cessaires pour d\u00e9velopper un vaccin. Mais Pearl est captur\u00e9e par des pirates cannibales qui veulent garder l'antidote pour eux... et dominer la Terre ! Seuls les talents de combattant de Gibson Richenbaker peuvent la sauver. Et, avec elle, le reste de la civilisation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nOspcG8HP6KPdMvzezavRbzYCEw.jpg", "actors": ["Jean-Claude Van Damme (Gibson Rickenbacker)", "Deborah Richter (Nady Simmons)", "Vincent Klyn (Fender Tremolo)", "Alex Daniels (Marshall Strat)", "Ralf Moeller (Brick Bardo)", "Dayle Haddon (Pearl Prophet)", "Blaise Loong (Furman Vux / Pirate / Bandit)", "Haley Peterson (Haley)", "Terrie Batson (Mary)", "Jackson 'Rock' Pinckney (Tytus / Pirate / Bandit)", "Janice Graser (Vorg)", "Robert Pentz (Base / Pirate / Bandit)", "Sharon K. Tew (Prather / Pirate / Bandit)", "Chuck Allen (Vondo / Pirate / Bandit)", "Stefanos Miltsakakis (Xylo / Pirate / Bandit)", "Kristina Sebastian (Young Haley)", "Jophery C. Brown (Saloon Owner / Pirate / Bandit)", "Matt McColm (Pirate / Bandit)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "I remember seeing this movie in my youth, back when it was normal to make movies like this. Back then, the stars were named Stallone, Van Damme and Schwarzenegger, and no matter what they did, they couldn't go wrong. We all wanted to be like these. Today, luckily stars need acting skills and not just muscles and a bit of martial art skill. In fact, had this movie been made today, it might even have been a masterpiece to be compared to such post-apocalyptic movies as Children of Men and The Road.\r\n\r\nLets take a brief look at the story, because there is a story hidden here somewhere.\r\n\r\nWe are in The States, a world that has been destroyed completely by anarchy, genocide and starvation, a world where the plague has spread, keeping the population down to an absolute minimum. Somewhere, scientists have found a cure, though, a cure that everyone wants, for good or bad. A cyborg named Pearl is sent into the world to retrieve this cure, and at the beginning of the movie, we learn that she has found it and is taking it back to the doctors who created her. A cyborg, by the way, is a man (or woman) who have been so heavily implemented with cybernetics that they could no longer be recognized as being humans. Pearl is taken by Fender, a madman who also kicks off the movie as our narrator, explaining how he enjoys this new world. Gibs (played by Van Damme) briefly encounters the cyborg, but is really only interested in killing Fender.\r\n\r\nThose two have a dark past, a past that Gibs (or Gibson) relives throughout the movie in long flashbacks. He was once charged to get a small family to safety outside the city, but Fender interfered and tried to kill them. Now he even has one of the children, a girl named Haley, among his pirates.\r\n\r\nGibson is followed by another girl, one named Nady. She is interested in the cure even though Gibs care little for this. They are unlikely travelling companions, but starts out on a big journey towards Atlanta, hoping to catch up with Fender and Pearl, to get revenge... and the cure. Along the way, they encounter many dangers, and finally catch up with the pirates.\r\n\r\nCyborg is a low budget movie that tries too hard. Just take a look at the first scene, in New York. Less is more, and if only the director would have remembered that. If only I had had the option to remove the music, then I might actually have enjoyed the movie a little, but no, there is music in nearly all scenes, with only a few exceptions. Music that wants us to feel certain things, and that wants us to be prepared for what is coming. If only we were talking about a beautiful score by Hans Zimmer, but alas, we are not. So why do I ask if this is a failure, or a masterpiece? Well, what if the director deliberately used poor actors, to tell us something of the human race. What if he wanted us to think that all humans in this future were somehow cyborgs, part man, part machine? Unfortunately, this is not so, the director wants us to feel something for Gibs, Nady, Haley and Pearl, and therefore he makes them all human, a humanity that their acting skills cannot handle. Alas, this is not a masterpiece in any way, but a big failure, a movie with a tolerable plot, but that fails to deliver it in a believable way.\r\n\r\n_Last words... my only star goes to the two beautiful paintings of New York and Atlanta that we see in the beginning and end of the movie. These are hauntingly beautiful, but unfortunately, the rest of the movie... is not._"}], "recommandations_id": [17466, 9594, 10413, 9405], "youtube_key": "3BeaSdMxehg"}