{"tmdb_id": 10138, "title": "Iron Man 2", "original_title": "Iron Man 2", "slug_title": "iron-man-2", "date": "2010-04-28", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le monde sait d\u00e9sormais que l'inventeur milliardaire Tony Stark et le super-h\u00e9ros Iron Man ne font qu'un. Malgr\u00e9 la pression du gouvernement, de la presse et du public pour qu'il partage sa technologie avec l'arm\u00e9e, Tony n'est pas dispos\u00e9 \u00e0 divulguer les secrets de son armure, redoutant que l'information atterrisse dans de mauvaises mains. Avec Pepper Potts et James \"Rhodey\" Rhodes \u00e0 ses c\u00f4t\u00e9s, Tony va forger de nouvelles alliances et affronter de nouvelles forces toutes-puissantes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ArqpkNYGfcTIA6umWt6xihfIZZv.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Virginia \"Pepper\" Potts)", "Don Cheadle (James \"Rhody\" Rhodes / War Machine)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natalie Rushman / Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Sam Rockwell (Justin Hammer)", "Mickey Rourke (Ivan Vanko / Whiplash)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury)", "Clark Gregg (Phil Coulson)", "John Slattery (Howard Stark)", "Garry Shandling (Senator Stern)", "Paul Bettany (J.A.R.V.I.S. (voice))", "Kate Mara (U.S. Marshal)", "Leslie Bibb (Christine Everhart)", "Jon Favreau (Harold \"Happy\" Hogan)", "Christiane Amanpour (Christiane Amanpour)", "Philippe Bergeron (Detective Lemieux)", "James Bethea (Security Force #1)", "Michael Bruno (Security Force #2)", "Kate Clark (Expo Fan)", "Luminita Docan (Russian Newscaster)", "Fran\u00e7ois Duhamel (French Photographer)", "Larry Ellison (Larry Ellison)", "Adam Goldstein (Adam \"DJ AM\" Goldstein)", "Tim Guinee (Major Allen)", "Eric L. Haney (General Meade)", "Ali Khan (10 Rings Gangster)", "Evgeniy Lazarev (Anton Vanko)", "Stan Lee (Stan Lee)", "Isaiah Guyman Martin IV (AV Operator)", "Helena Mattsson (Rebecca)", "Anya Monzikova (Rebeka)", "Keith Middlebrook (Expo Cop)", "Margy Moore (Bambi Arbogast)", "Olivia Munn (Chess Roberts)", "Elon Musk (Elon Musk)", "Bill O'Reilly (Bill O'Reilly)", "Alejandro Pati\u00f1o (Strawberry Vendor)", "Davin Ransom (Young Tony Stark)", "Karim Saleh (Guard)", "Brian Schaeffer (Hammer Expo Tech)", "Phillipe Simon (French Waiter)", "Jack White (Jack)", "Melanie Brown (Ironette Dancer)", "Krystal Ellsworth (Ironette Dancer)", "Victoria Gracie (Ironette Dancer)", "Gina Cantrell (Ironette Dancer)", "Renee Herlocker (Ironette Dancer)", "Jill Ann Pineda-Arnold (Ironette Dancer)", "Sandy Colton (Ironette Dancer)", "Annika Ihnat (Ironette Dancer)", "Jenny Robinson (Ironette Dancer)", "Lindsay Dennis (Ironette Dancer)", "Jennifer D. Johnson (Ironette Dancer)", "Lindsay Rosenberg (Ironette Dancer)", "Hannah Douglass (Ironette Dancer)", "Brooke Long (Ironette Dancer)", "Rachele Brooke Smith (Ironette Dancer)", "Nadine Ellis (Ironette Dancer)", "Kylette Zamora (Ironette Dancer)", "Ted Alderman (News Cameraman (uncredited))", "Donessa Alexander (Birthday Party Guest / Expo Guest (uncredited))", "Martin Andris (Expo Greeter (uncredited))", "Cassity Atkins (Expo Patron (uncredited))", "Gregory Baldi (Monaco Grand Prix Restaurant Guest (uncredited))", "Elya Beer (Bartender (uncredited))", "Ayelet Ben-Shahar (Model (uncredited))", "Jordan Bobbitt (Little Girl at EXPO Gala (uncredited))", "Chris Borden (Dignitary / Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Pete Brown (Air Force Major (uncredited))", "Basilina Butler (Tony Stark Racing Fan (uncredited))", "John Ceallach (Captain Anders (uncredited))", "Katie Cleary (Beautiful Girl (uncredited))", "Ajarae Coleman (Expo Guest (uncredited))", "Rick L. Dean (Monte Carlo Race Fan (uncredited))", "Timothy 'TJ' James Driscoll (French Prison Guard #2 (uncredited))", "Jasmine Dustin (Watermelon Girl (uncredited))", "Mark Casimir Dyniewicz (Justin Hammer Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Sam Felman (Stark Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Caitlin Gallo (I Love You girl (uncredited))", "Shakira Vanise Gamble (Pepper's Party Guest (uncredited))", "Paul Grace (French Prison Guard #1 (uncredited))", "James Granville (Expo Fan (uncredited))", "Kathryn Henzler (Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Jennifer Lynne Johnson (Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Mark Kubr (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Cameron Lee (Senate Page (uncredited))", "Jee-Yun Lee (Reporter (archive footage) (uncredited))", "Waymond Lee (Expo Guest (uncredited))", "Mathew Lorenceau (Prison Guard Chevalier (uncredited))", "Christopher Maleki (Reporter (uncredited))", "Richard Markman (Photographer at Senate hearing (uncredited))", "Bryan McCoy (Expo Guest (uncredited))", "Ed Moy (Awards Attendee (uncredited))", "Delka Nenkova (Russian Woman (uncredited))", "Tony Nevada (SWAT Sergeant Bellows (uncredited))", "Allison Ochmanek (Watermelon Girl (uncredited))", "Nicolas Pajon (French Reporter (uncredited))", "H.E. Victor J.W. Pekarcik III (White House Chief of Staff (uncredited))", "Erin Pickett (Expo Guest (uncredited))", "Olivia Presley (Expo VIP (uncredited))", "Steven James Price (Senate Gallery Member (uncredited))", "Kiana Prudhont (Expo Kid (uncredited))", "Tanner Alexander Redman (1960's Film Crew (uncredited))", "Tanoai Reed (Security Guard Fighting Happy Hogan (uncredited))", "Kelly Sarah (Stark Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Torin Sixx (Pepper's Birthday Party Guest (uncredited))", "Peter Trenholm Smith (Senator (uncredited))", "Grace Stanley (Model (uncredited))", "Doug Swander (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Michael A. Templeton (US Senator (uncredited))", "Rosa Tyabji (Background (uncredited))", "Peter Sebastian Wrobel (Tony Stark Usher (uncredited))", "Maria Zambrana (Expo Attendee (uncredited))", "Nick W. Nicholson (Stark Expo Attendee (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "It was understood that the theaters would be sold out but when the three of us came there we just couldn't accept NO for an answer. So we were finally able to buy tickets BUT we were seated separately. It was fine though. The movie kept me entertained. Except for the guy near me who was snoring pretty loud, the movie was great.\r\n\r\n\r\nOf course Robert Downey Jr was amazing as always. There might be weird critics with this movie but for me, I liked it. The action scenes were just right. It wasn't too much and it wasn't too little. It was weird seeing Don Cheadle though play Terrence Howard's character. I like Terrence better. And then there's Scarlett Johansson who is really sexy although I think there weren't that many acting for her in this movie. There weren't many lines. And what was weird also was that in this movie, the chemistry between Tony Stark and Pepper was not that much compared to the first movie although in this movie they actually ended up together. But all in all I liked the movie. Seeing old characters from the first movie and new characters. I can't wait for a 3rd Iron Man movie.\r\n\r\n\r\nMy rate for this movie is B+."}, {"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "Yet another ridiculously high rated Marvel movie, we get it Marvel fanboys you just love it when a new Marvel movie comes out, so much that you forget any flaws in it and give it a 10 or a 9 anyways.\r\n\r\nBut come on seriously? Wouldn't you rather they spent a little time at actually writing a somewhat decent script and making it a bit more entertaining than to praise EVERYTHING they do to the skies just because you want a new chapter in the Marvel universe?\r\n\r\nCause this is NOT a good movie, 35 minutes of decent at best action and 85 minutes of nonsensical blabber.\r\n\r\nMickey Rourke was the only highlight in this movie, the scene at the racetrack with him was really cool but then he just became a wasted opportunity just like the rest of the movie.\r\n\r\nA really boring turd of a film."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long form review originally posted in 2010:**\r\n\r\nI find, the best way to look at this movie, is as two movies. Sounds strange I know, but bear with me.\r\n\r\nOn the one hand you have this Super Hero movie, it's about the main character, Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), flying around doing comic book-character type stuff, and it's this pretty okay action film that's worth taking a look at. Then, there's this drama with a hint of comedy, this other film isn't really a genre, it's just about the characters interacting with each other, it's about the main character, Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), driving around doing billionaire-playboy type stuff, and this movie, is fucking great. Part script, and part flawless acting, this movie sets _Iron Man 2_ apart from any other Super Hero film out there. It was explored in the first film, and you get a similar thing there, but in this movie the division is more clear, and it bizarrely benefits from it.\r\n\r\nWhen films go franchise-style, it's inevitable that there will be scheduling conflicts, it's an unfortunate part of the industry, particularly when you have a deadline to meet, and for whatever reason, an actor will be unable to return to their original role. Such an event takes place in _Iron Man 2_ when Lt. Col. James \"Rhodey\" Rhodes (originally played by Terrance Howard) is replaced by Don Cheadle. I personally think that Howard was better suited to the role, simply because he looks more like Rhodey does in the comics. But their way of dealing with the changeover is simple, and clever, the character's first lines, whilst making perfect sense in context, are \"Look, it's me, I'm here, deal with it. Let's move on. Drop it.\" Very classy.\r\n\r\nAlthough Mickey Rourke (_Get Carter, Sin City, The Wrestler, Man on Fire, The Expendables_) manages a very convincing evil Russian; Ivan Vanko, who's a perfectly good character, Whiplash as a villain is unfortunately somewhat lacking. Sam Rockwell (_The Green Mile, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, Frost/Nixon, Moon, Conviction_) plays Justin Hammer, corporate rival of Stark's. Scarlett Johansen (_Eight Legged Freaks, The Girl with a Pearl Earring, The Island, The Prestige, The Spirit_) is another good addition to the cast, in the role of Natalie Rushman A.K.A Natasha Romanoff A.K.A Black Widow. Samuel L. Jackson (_Jurassic Park, Pulp Fiction, Jackie Brown, The Starwars Prequel Trilogy, Shaft, S.W.A.T, Kill Bill Volume 2, Snakes on a Plane, 1408, The Spirit, Inglourious Basterds_) portraying S.H.I.E.L.D Director Nick Fury, rounds out the newbies in the cast. And it's all good news.\r\n\r\nThe Hammerdrones are an attempt at revamping the whole boss-battle that was such a let down in the original film, which honestly, once again didn't really work out. Once again it's a case of the character interaction that makes the film what it is. The effects also went a long way in the line of helping out the film, 'cause they were awesome. There are a couple of negatives in the script, just those moments when the suspension of disbelief is not... suspend-y enough. As for example the line; \"Congratulations sir, you have created a new element\", is a little flawed.\r\n\r\nThough if I was forced to choose between them, I would probably say that _Iron Man_ is the better of the two films, but _Iron Man 2_ has a better re-watch value in my opinion, which I prize highly. I wait with baited breath for the next Marvel film to come out, _Thor_.\r\n\r\n63%\r\n\r\n-Gimly"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Honestly, it took me three tries to get through this movie once. It kept putting me to sleep.\r\n\r\nThe cast do everything they can to make their scenes entertaining, but Iron Man 2 is a just an absolute waste of two hours and $200 million. 1: The stupidly integrated villain Ivan Vanko who is given no backstory or true relatable motive (even Mickey Rourke was pissed at how his character was handled). 2: The pointless subplot of how Tony Stark has to create a new element to save himself. 3: The sloppy introductions of both SHIELD and Black Widow. There's very little here that is of any actual entertainment value, or at least to balance out how tedious the whole movie is to watch. No wonder why Jon Favreau left to make more personal works."}], "recommandations_id": [1726, 68721, 1771, 10195], "youtube_key": "BoohRoVA9WQ"}