{"tmdb_id": 10141, "title": "Le plus escroc des deux", "original_title": "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels", "slug_title": "le-plus-escroc-des-deux", "date": "1988-12-14", "genre": "Crime / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Freddy Benson, petit escroc qui vit en plumant des femmes cr\u00e9dules, arrive \u00e0 Beaumont-sur-Mer sur la C\u00f4te d'Azur. Lawrence Jamison, un autre escroc qui ne pr\u00e9f\u00e8re prendre pour victimes que des femmes fortun\u00e9es et qui op\u00e8re \u00e9galement dans la petite ville, ne voit pas d'un bon \u0153il l'arriv\u00e9e de ce concurrent. Pour se d\u00e9barrasser de Freddy, Lawrence d\u00e9cide de lui enseigner les \"rudiments du m\u00e9tier\" avant de lui lancer un pari : le premier qui arrive \u00e0 extorquer cinquante mille dollars \u00e0 Janet, une femme fra\u00eechement arriv\u00e9e, pourra rester et le perdant devra quitter la ville...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qoRMf2rnhNv8qbosvNZIGf4Rrew.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Martin (Freddy Benson)", "Michael Caine (Lawrence Jamieson)", "Glenne Headly (Janet Colgate)", "Anton Rodgers (Inspector Andre)", "Barbara Harris (Fanny Eubanks)", "Ian McDiarmid (Arthur)", "Dana Ivey (Mrs. Reed)", "Meagen Fay (la femme d'Oklahoma)", "Georges Gerrard Baffos (l'assistant manager de l'hotel)", "Cheryl Pay (la femme avec les perles)", "Frances Conroy (la femme de Palm Beach)", "Nicole Calfan (la femme du train)", "Lolly Susi (la femme en Rolls Royce)", "Valerie Beaufils (la jolie fille de la plage)", "Xavier Maly (le gar\u00e7on d'\u00e9tage de l'h\u00f4tel)", "Louis Zorich (le millionaire grec)", "Andr\u00e9 Penvern (le serveur du train)", "Hepburn Graham (les marins anglais)", "Rupert Holliday-Evans (les marins anglais)", "Nathalie Auffret (Marion)", "A\u00efna Walle (Miss Krista Knudsen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Do you ever have a single thought that originates from above the waist?\r\n\r\nDirty Rotten Scoundrels is directed by Frank Oz and written by Dan Launer, Stanley Shapiro and Paul Henning. It stars Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Glenne Headly and Anton Rogers. Music is by Miles Goodman and cinematography by Michael Ballhaus.\r\n\r\nTwo con-men from different ends of the spectrum, prey on women's good nature to fund their lifestyles. Both operating out of the same Mediterranean town, they agree that the town simply isn't big enough for the both of them. They strike a bet where the first one to get fifty thousand out of the chosen female target, gets to stay in town while the other has to leave.\r\n\r\nA loose remake of Bedtime Story (1964) that starred David Niven and Marlon Brando, Frank Oz's picture is deliciously amoral, sly, clever and very funny. Boosted by the casting of Caine (oily slick) and Martin (live wire bottom feeder), who are both having a wonderful time of it, the film unfolds in a whirl of bluffs, chaos conning and oneupmanship. The story is slight for sure, but as the comedy set-pieces come and go, the ribs are tickled and the surprises that the makers have in store for us late in the day, are truly inspired. The French Mediterranean makes for a visually pleasing backdrop, while Goodman's score is consistently upbeat and perfect for such mirthful shenanigans.\r\n\r\nThey are dirty, they are rotten and they are definitely scoundrels, but once your belly has subsided form the laughter, you may find yourself wondering just how the makers got you to cheer on such shifty characters?! The answer? Inspired casting and smooth construction of plotting by the director. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, a real joy. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11584, 9080, 8388, 9749]}