{"tmdb_id": 101557, "title": "Convoi de Femmes", "original_title": "Westward the Women", "slug_title": "convoi-de-femmes", "date": "1951-12-31", "genre": ["Drame / Western"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Dans le Far West, en plein coeur du XIXe si\u00e8cle, les hommes qui colonisent les grands espaces souffrent souvent de la solitude. Une communaut\u00e9 agricole de l'Ouest a pris contact, par courrier, avec des \u00e9pouses potentielles qui habitent \u00e0 Chicago. Celles-ci se regroupent en un convoi, escort\u00e9 par un guide aux attitudes tr\u00e8s machistes. Leur parcours s'av\u00e8re sem\u00e9 d'emb\u00fbches : les attaques indiennes se succ\u00e8dent, toutes plus violentes les unes que les autres. Courageuses, ces aventuri\u00e8res improvis\u00e9es refoulent progressivement les Peaux-Rouges, s'occupent des chevaux et surmontent toutes les rudes \u00e9preuves, \u00e0 la grande surprise de leur guide...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2SEbOdnm18fO3TPq0X916dCXBvj.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Buck Wyatt)", "Denise Darcel (Fifi Danon)", "Hope Emerson (Patience Hawley)", "John McIntire (Roy E. Whitman)", "Julie Bishop (Laurie Smith)", "Lenore Lonergan (Maggie O'Malley)", "Henry Nakamura (Ito)", "Marilyn Erskine (Jean Jackson)", "Beverly Dennis (Rose Meyers)", "Renata Vanni (Mrs. Moroni)", "Frankie Darro (Jean's Awaiting Groom (uncredited))", "Roy Jenson ((uncredited))", "I. Stanford Jolley (Gambler (uncredited))", "Stevie Myers (Pioneer Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Caravan of graft, guile and stoicism.\r\n\r\nWestward the Women is directed by William Wellman and adapted to screen by Charles Schnee from a story written by Frank Capra. It stars Robert Taylor, Denise Darcel, John McIntire, Hope Emerson, Julie Bishop and Henry Nakamura. Music is by Jeff Alexander and cinematography by William Mellor.\r\n\r\nA most important Western, one that demands to be seen by lovers of the genre. Plot finds Taylor tasked with escorting over 100 women from Chicago to California, their goal is to find marital harmony at Whitman Valley. They must overcome extreme conditions, from that of the natural terrain, hostile invasions, and inner fightings via passions and suspicions. This is a wagon train of some difference.\r\n\r\nThe key issue here is that this MGM production puts up front and centre the fact that women played a key part in the shaping of the frontiers. It manages to have the expected cute and funny scenarios, but not at the expense of viable assertive drama, nothing denigrates how strong, brave and driven these women were. \r\n\r\nSome of the gender politics look a touch suspect today, and occasionally some of the framing devices for the women are over staged. There's also the irritant of stereotyping Nakamura's Asian character, but these are small quibbles all told. For this is a unique and fascinating Western, something of a banner movie for telling a side of the \"West\" we hardly have ever see on film. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 194238, 103869, 101052], "youtube_key": "F4uey4-H6wU"}