{"tmdb_id": 10163, "title": "Le Cobaye", "original_title": "The Lawnmower Man", "slug_title": "le-cobaye", "date": "1992-03-05", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Jobe Smith, simple d'esprit et souffre-douleur de la ville, interesse vivement un de ses voisins, le docteur Angelo, genie de l'electronique, qui est l'inventeur d'un programme qui stimule l'intelligence des animaux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3tWLM3zMyh3KZOactn8mfjHml05.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Fahey (Jobe Smith)", "Pierce Brosnan (Dr. Lawrence Angelo)", "Jenny Wright (Marnie Burke)", "Mark Bringelson (Sebastian Timms)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Terry McKeen)", "Jeremy Slate (Father Francis McKeen)", "Dean Norris (The Director)", "Colleen Coffey (Caroline Angelo)", "Troy Evans (Lieutenant Goodwin)", "Austin O'Brien (Peter Parkette)", "John Laughlin (Jake Simpson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It Lacks Qualcast Quality.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe Lawnmower Man is directed by Brett Leonard who also co-writes the screenplay with Gimel Everett. It stars Pierce Brosnan, Jeff Fahey, Jenny Wright, Geoffrey Lewis, Jeremy Slate and Dean Norris. Music is by Dan Wyman and cinematography by Russell Carpenter.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nDr. Lawrence Angelo (Brosnan) is a big mover in the science of virtual reality. When he tries his new technology  on mentally challenged gardener Jobe Smith (Fahey), it elevates him to a higher intelligence and it\u2019s not long before Jobe acquires scary new powers\u2026\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOriginally meant to be, and titled as, Stephen King\u2019s Lawnmower Man, the film eventually, after a King lawsuit, ended up bearing very little resemblance to the author\u2019s short story. There\u2019s a couple of small ligaments that link the two, but in the main (not Maine) this Lawnmower Man is its own entity and an obvious attempt to cash in on the then virtual reality zeitgeist.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nLawnmower Man has a cult fan base, of that there is no doubt, where much like Tron from 10 years earlier, the effects work and the capturing of something very much being \u201cin\u201d with the youth of the time,  has proved perpetually appealing to nostalgists. But strip away these and you have your basic Frankenstein story for the 90s, a pretty standard story lacking intelligent smarts or deep thematic points of worth. And then of course there is the bizarre fact of having a film decrying the advancement of computer technology, by using computer technology to make the film\u2019s strongest moments! Hee. It\u2019s only adequately performed by the cast, and Leonard\u2019s direction matches his writing, which is mundane when not about the visual effects; effects work that dated very quickly as it happened.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOther cuts and sequels would follow, the former didn\u2019t improve the same basic problems of the theatrical cut, the latter releases proved to be laughably bad. The Lawnmower Man, an interesting movie in the context of its time, and certainly fun enough for those who were there cloaked in a visually inspired warm glow, but it has not been a must see film for anyone else since 1995. 4/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Ahead of its time. Unfortunately, the technology it uses was not.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole."}], "recommandations_id": [11525, 9278, 11864, 9102], "youtube_key": "YCxFGxqLsHE"}