{"tmdb_id": 101669, "title": "Mother's Day", "original_title": "Mother's Day", "slug_title": "mother-s-day", "date": "2010-09-23", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s un hold-up qui tourne mal, trois fr\u00e8res retournent chez leur m\u00e8re. Lorsqu\u2019ils arrivent devant la maison familiale, ils d\u00e9couvrent avec surprise que celle-ci appartient maintenant \u00e0 quelqu\u2019un d\u2019autre. Ils prennent alors en otage les nouveaux propri\u00e9taires et leurs invit\u00e9s. Peu de temps apr\u00e8s, la m\u00e8re arrive sur place avec leur s\u0153ur Lydia. Au cours de la soir\u00e9e, dans un crescendo machiav\u00e9lique et terrifiant, la m\u00e8re cherche \u00e0 prendre le contr\u00f4le de la situation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tqeVlz9OpZslSxusMg4y6e833LI.jpg", "actors": ["Rebecca De Mornay (Natalie 'Mother' Koffin)", "Jaime King (Beth Sohapi)", "Patrick John Flueger (Izaak 'Ike' Koffin)", "Deborah Ann Woll (Lydia Koffin)", "Frank Grillo (Daniel Sohapi)", "Shawn Ashmore (George Barnum)", "Briana Evigan (Annette Langston)", "Alexa PenaVega (Jenna Luther)", "A.J. Cook (Vicky Rice)", "Matt O'Leary (Jonathan 'Johnny' Koffin)", "Warren Kole (Addley Koffin)", "Lyriq Bent (Julie Ross)", "Lisa Marcos (Julie Ross)", "Tony Nappo (Dave Lowe)", "Kandyse McClure (Gina Jackson)", "Jessie Rusu (Melissa McGuire)", "Jason Wishnowski (Charlie Kaufman)", "J. Larose (Hospital Security Guard)", "Jennifer Hupe (Young Nurse)", "Mike O'Brien (Officer Skay)", "Will Woytowich (Paramedic)", "Omar Alex Khan (Surgeon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm proud of my boys, they never forget their momma.\r\n\r\nExcellent remake of Troma's schlocky 80s original. Story has three criminal brothers on the run from a bank robbery gone wrong and they plan to hide out in their childhood home. Unfortunately it's not their home anymore, so they take the couple living there and their party guests hostage and violence becomes the order of the day; especially with the arrival of the boys' psychotic mother...\r\n\r\nIt's bloody and bloody intense as director Darren Lynn Bousman updates the original to modern times. Featuring torture and humiliation, it's not what you would call a comfortable date movie experience, but the makers manage to blend the trashy exploitation of the source with today's terrifying home invasion themes with considerable success. The narrative is not perfect, with leaps of faith required for some twists and credulity is stretched to breaking point, but with Rebecca De Mornay on fire as the mad matriarch, the flaws are easily forgiven. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16342, 22175, 79550, 60950], "youtube_key": "TcdfNJx68VM"}