{"tmdb_id": 101852, "title": "Shuffle", "original_title": "Shuffle", "slug_title": "shuffle", "date": "2012-03-20", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Lovell Milo is a man who begins experiencing his life out of order; every day he wakes up at a different age, on a different day of his life, never knowing where or when he\u2019s going to be once he falls asleep. He\u2019s terrified and wants it to stop - until he notices a pattern in his experience, and works to uncover why this is happening to him - and what or who is behind it.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A5uhIJGV7EQEYQ1DRoxxi1uBFbe.jpg", "actors": ["T. J. Thyne (Lovell Milo)", "Paula Rhodes (Grace)", "Chris Stone (Dr. Orson Milo)", "Meeghan Holaway (Shelly)", "JoJo Henrickson (Minister)", "Dylan Sprayberry (Young Lovell)", "Elle Labadie (Young Grace)", "Michelle Krusiec (One night stand/Kevin's mother)", "Patricia Belcher (Psychiatrist)", "Tamara Taylor (Linda)", "Cody Abercrombie (EMT #2)", "Giovani Adams (Kevin's friend)", "Whitney Anderson (Amy)", "Alessandra Benjamin (Third Adult Child)", "Robbie Tucker (Young Kevin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Jeff_34", "content": "**Really worth seeing!**\r\n\r\nReally worth seeing! If you like films that make you think - time travel, alternate realities etc. you'll enjoy this.\r\n\r\nEvery path chosen leads us down a road, the one that we know as our life. What about the paths that we don't choose - do they still lead lives of their own?\r\n\r\nGreat concept, outstanding acting (who knew the nerd from Bones had that performance in him? ;) and just an amazing job. There could have been a bunch of different ways to end it but that's the fun - the film inspires dialogue, ideas and debate.\r\n\r\nLove seeing high quality films on low budgets - gives us all hope.\r\n\r\nLong live Independent films!"}], "recommandations_id": [253307, 395119, 459224, 121822], "youtube_key": "HPefbEgagd8"}