{"tmdb_id": 10192, "title": "Shrek 4 : Il \u00e9tait une fin", "original_title": "Shrek Forever After", "slug_title": "shrek-4-il-etait-une-fin", "date": "2010-05-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Aventure / Fantastique / Animation / Familial"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir vaincu un m\u00e9chant dragon, sauv\u00e9 une belle princesse et le royaume de ses parents, que peut encore faire un ogre malodorant et mal l\u00e9ch\u00e9 ? Domestiqu\u00e9, assagi, Shrek a perdu jusqu'\u00e0 l'envie de rugir et regrette le bon vieux temps o\u00f9 il semait la terreur dans le royaume. Aujourd'hui, tel une idole d\u00e9chue, il se contente de signer des autographes \u00e0 tour de bras. Trop triste... C'est alors que l'habile et sournois Tracassin lui propose un contrat. Shrek se retrouve soudain transport\u00e9 dans un monde parall\u00e8le totalement d\u00e9jant\u00e9 o\u00f9 les ogres sont pourchass\u00e9s, o\u00f9 Tracassin est roi, o\u00f9 Fiona et son bien-aim\u00e9 ne se jamais rencontr\u00e9s...Shrek va-t-il r\u00e9ussir \u00e0 d\u00e9jouer le sortil\u00e8ge, \u00e0 repasser de l'autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 du miroir, \u00e0 sauver ses amis, \u00e0 retrouver son monde et reconqu\u00e9rir l'amour de sa vie ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/enqVwbUu6OX5LHq0fuk7sLT35zy.jpg", "actors": ["Mike Myers (Shrek (voice))", "Eddie Murphy (Donkey (voice))", "Cameron Diaz (Princess Fiona (voice))", "Antonio Banderas (Puss in Boots (voice))", "Julie Andrews (Queen (voice))", "Jon Hamm (Brogan (voice))", "John Cleese (King (voice))", "Craig Robinson (Cookie (voice))", "Walt Dohrn (Rumpelstiltskin / Priest / Krekraw Ogre (voice))", "Jane Lynch (Gretched (voice))", "Lake Bell (Patrol Witch / Wagon Witch #2 (voice))", "Kathy Griffin (Dancing Witch / Wagon Witch #1 (voice))", "Mary Kay Place (Guard Witch (voice))", "Kristen Schaal (Pumpkin Witch / Palace Witch (voice))", "Meredith Vieira (Broomsy Witch (voice))", "Ryan Seacrest (Father of Butter Pants (voice))", "Cody Cameron (Pinocchio / Three Pigs (voice))", "Larry King (Doris (voice))", "Regis Philbin (Mabel (voice))", "Christopher Knights (Blind Mice (voice))", "Conrad Vernon (Gingerbread Man (voice))", "Aron Warner (Wolf (voice))", "Jasper Johannes Andrews (Ogre Baby (voice))", "Ollie Mitchell (Ogre Baby (voice))", "Miles Bakshi (Ogre Baby / Villager Kid (voice))", "Nina Zoe Bakshi (Ogre Baby / Tourist Girl / Villager Girl (voice))", "Billie Hayes (Cackling Witch (voice))", "Jeremy Hollingworth (Villager Fan #1 (voice))", "Brian Hopkins (Villager Fan #3 / Ogre Gnimrach (voice))", "Chris Miller (Royal Messenger / Magic Mirror / Geppetto (voice))", "Mike Mitchell (Tour Guide / Camp Ogre / Ogre Naysayer / Baba Witch / Melty Witch / Witch Guard #2 / Butter Pants (voice))", "James Ryan (Villager Fan #2 (voice))", "Ashley Boettcher (Witch / Pedestrian (voice) (uncredited))", "Danielle Soibelman (Witch / Pedestrian (voice) (uncredited))", "Frank Welker (Dragon / Animals (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dreamworks play safe and sign the series off with dignity.\r\n\r\nAfter the monstrosity that was Shrek the Turd, the Dreamworks team behind the Shrek franchise woke up and realised what made the series so popular in the first place. Shrek Forever After is not a particularly great film, but it finds some firm footings to appease the adults and children alike.\r\n\r\nThematically it's as safe as houses, it pitches Shrek into a \"It's a Wonderful Life\" scenario, where the big green ogre gets to spend a day away from the life he didn't realise he was happy with in the first place. Making a deal with the nefarious Rumpelstiltskin, Shrek finds a world of darkness for ogres, a world ruled by a psychotic who has an army of flying Margaret Hamilton's to do his bidding. Worse than that, Fiona doesn't know him, she's the leader of the resistance and has no time for some big green ogre love. Donkey is all mangy and Puss in Boots literally has become a fat cat, it's a horrible life, man!\r\n\r\nThe action and graphics whizz past the eyes in what is a perfectly pitched time frame of 90 minutes. It never reaches the heights of the first two movies, but it doesn't strain for laughs or narrative cheek (Pied Piper as a bounty hunter? Genius), or more crucially, it's never dull, something part 3 can't safely claim to not be. It bows out with head held high, not so much in a blaze of glory, but with a dignified recognition of the fact it's time to retire to the swamp and chill out. Take it easy Shrek and the gang. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "Didn't really want to watch this. I mean, 4th movie??? Please stop already. But then it's hot and we have nothing else to do so ok. Shrek it is. \r\n\r\n\r\nThe story is a little bit of continuation from the Shrek trilogy. But then of course, the story was crazy, going back to the past just so they can have a story from it and make another movie from it. Just seeing the trailers always make me say \"Please stop making Shrek movies.\" But after seeing this movie I realized, I was entertained. It still had those funny moments although the first 3 were definitely funnier than this one. \r\n\r\n\r\nMy rate for this movie is B+."}], "recommandations_id": [810, 809, 10527, 8355], "youtube_key": "WV8bbMxPBdc"}