{"tmdb_id": 10198, "title": "La Princesse et la Grenouille", "original_title": "The Princess and the Frog", "slug_title": "la-princesse-et-la-grenouille", "date": "2009-12-08", "genre": "Romance / Familial / Animation / Musique", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Le Prince Naveen de Maldonia est transform\u00e9 en grenouille par le Dr. Facilier, un terrifiant sorcier vaudou. Afin de retrouver sa forme humaine \u00e0 l'aide d'un baiser, Naveen d\u00e9cide de trouver une princesse et tombe sur Tiana, qui n'est en fait qu'une jeune serveuse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f7dqLOwqCQx9vtP8MlMMgobmeAu.jpg", "actors": ["Anika Noni Rose (Tiana (voice))", "Bruno Campos (Prince Naveen (voice))", "Keith David (Dr. Facilier (voice))", "Michael-Leon Wooley (Louis (voice))", "Jennifer Cody (Charlotte (voice))", "Jim Cummings (Ray (voice))", "Peter Bartlett (Lawrence (voice))", "Jenifer Lewis (Mama Odie (voice))", "Oprah Winfrey (Eudora (voice))", "Terrence Howard (James (voice))", "John Goodman (\"Big Daddy\" La Bouff (voice))", "Elizabeth Dampier (Young Tiana (voice))", "Breanna Brooks (Young Charlotte (voice))", "Ritchie Montgomery (Reggie (voice))", "Don Hall (Darnell (voice))", "Paul Briggs (Two Fingers (voice))", "Jerry Kernion (Mr. Henry Fenner (voice))", "Corey Burton (Mr. Harvey Fenner (voice))", "Michael Colyar (Buford (voice))", "Emeril Lagasse (Marlon the Gator (voice))", "Kevin Michael Richardson (Ian the Gator (voice))", "Randy Newman (Cousin Randy (voice))", "Terence Blanchard (Louis' Trumpet Playing (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tiailds", "content": "After the third attempt to watch this film, I finally got through the first 15 minutes and am glad I did. There always seemed to be something to stop me from getting too far in. So, what did I think?\r\n\r\n\"Is it entertaining?\" Yes. For the most part, the songs were enjoyable and the animation was fine. The pacing could be improved somewhat, mostly by eliminated 2-3 songs. 2 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Is it interesting?\" Yes. The character backgrounds and the story development were easily above the average kids movie. The plot was a tad predictable and the moral seemed to meander some. 2 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Is it memorable?\" Somewhat. The most unique thing were the character types. While the animation was fine, some of the human facial expressions were just off enough to be slightly creepy. I am glad most of the movie had some of the main characters as animals. 1.5 out of 3\r\n\r\nStart with 1.\r\n1+2+2+1.5=6.5\r\nI will round up for the overall enjoyment of the time spent.\r\n7 stars."}], "recommandations_id": [10882, 11224, 10144, 10530]}