{"tmdb_id": 102199, "title": "Le tr\u00e9sor des sept collines", "original_title": "Gold Of The Seven Saints", "slug_title": "le-tresor-des-sept-collines", "date": "1961-02-18", "genre": "Aventure / Western", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En Sept Saints, Utah, hors la loi le gang de McCracken est en lice pour les trappeurs Jim Rainbolt et or p\u00e9pite fortune de Shaun Garrett qui attire aussi l'\u0153il du bandit mexicain Gondora et ses caballeros.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vCCx7HzeC3Xj9nqy1ewcXYaMqhR.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Walker (Jim Rainbolt)", "Roger Moore (Shaun Garrett)", "Let\u00edcia Rom\u00e1n (Tita)", "Robert Middleton (Amos Gondora)", "Chill Wills (Doc Wilson Gates, M.D.)", "Gene Evans (McCracken)", "Roberto Contreras (Armenderez, Gondora Gunman)", "Jack Williams (Ames (as Jack C Williams))", "Arthur Stewart (Ricca (as Art Stewart))", "Nestor Paiva (Gondora Henchman)", "Christopher Dark (Frank (uncredited))", "Lalo Rios (Mexican Robber (uncredited))", "Vito Scotti (Gondara's Cook (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Die Rich...\r\n\r\nGold of the Seven Saints is directed by Gordon Douglas and adapted to screenplay by Leigh Brackett and Leonard Freeman from Steve Frazee's novel. It stars Clint Walker, Roger Moore, Robert Middleton, Chill Wills and Leticia Roman. Filmed in Warnerscope, cinematography is by Joseph F. Biroc and the music is scored by Howard Jackson.\r\n\r\nJim Rainbolt (Walker) and Shaun Garrett (Moore) strike it rich and quickly find themselves pursued across the sun scorched lands by money hungry baddies...\r\n\r\nOK! It's what can be termed as a poor man's Treasure of the Sierra Madre. It also has Roger Moore in a Western movie trying to do an Irish accent! And! It's also in black and white, which when you see how beautifully crisp Biroc's photography is - as the Utah landscapes scorch the eyes - seems such a waste of an opportunity. Yet there's a lot of fun here, some perky scripting and deftly staged action, even some genuine moments of suspense. While Chill Wills pops in for a dandy performance to please the Western faithful.\r\n\r\nLeticia Roman is a token lady offering, the resolution is a bit of a damp squib, but Walker, Wills and Moore are darn fine company to be in, which in this case is enough to make time spent with this movie time well spent. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}