{"tmdb_id": 10225, "title": "Vendredi 13, chapitre 6 : Jason le mort-vivant", "original_title": "Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives", "slug_title": "vendredi-13-chapitre-6-jason-le-mort-vivant", "date": "1986-08-01", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Tommy Jarvis avait 10 ans lorsqu'il vint \u00e0 bout de Jason, le meurtrier sanglant de Crystal Lake. \u00c0 peine sorti de l'asile avec son ami Oz, il n'a qu'une obsession : r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer le corps au cimeti\u00e8re et l'incin\u00e9rer. Sous un violent orage, ils d\u00e9terrent le cadavre, mais la foudre vient frapper le barreau de cl\u00f4ture que Tommy a plant\u00e9e dans le corps de Jason suite \u00e0 une crise de folie. En cons\u00e9quence, Jason revient \u00e0 la vie et tue Oz. Tommy court \u00e0 la police pour les pr\u00e9venir que Crystal Lake va basculer \u00e0 nouveau dans la terreur car Jason est en marche... Le tueur, mang\u00e9 par les vers, entreprend \u00e0 nouveau de causer des ravages \u00e0 Crystal Lake.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1YQ9ehodND4wd30V1rJTU5tFRNE.jpg", "actors": ["Thom Mathews (Tommy)", "Jennifer Cooke (Megan Garris)", "David Kagen (Sheriff Garris)", "Ren\u00e9e Jones (Sissy)", "Tom Fridley (Cort)", "C.J. Graham (Jason)", "Tony Goldwyn (Darren)", "Darcy DeMoss (Nikki)", "Ann Ryerson (Katie)", "Alan Blumenfeld (Larry)", "Ron Palillo (Allen Hawes)", "Kerry Noonan (Paula Mott)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Jason 6: Welcome To Camp Blood!\r\n\r\nAn absolute hoot of a addition to the Friday 13th franchise. As is often the way with the \"Friday\" sequels, you can talk to one horror fan and this is the worst of the bunch, talk to another and it's the best etc etc. There's a more airy touch here and it serves the formula well, which if the series' fans are honest, is a formula that was getting stale quite early in the chain, so any sort of new ideas or direction is most welcome. \r\n\r\nAfter a glorious James Bond parody opens the credits sequence, accompanied by Harry Manfredini's superbly thunderous musical score, we get long running tormented character Tommy, here played by Thom Matthews, digging up Jason Voorhees' corpse so as to make sure the evil one is dead - oh and to kill him again. Enter a glorious Frankenstein homage (cheeky steal if you like) that sets us up for another round of stalk and dismember as Jason heads back to Camp Crystal Lake, which is now called Camp Forest Green!\r\n\r\nThe kills are not particularly inventive, but there's a real thud of humour about much of them. From an American Express Card to a bloody smiley face imprint, it's clear the makers have a glint in their eyes. We even get an early appearance from Tony Goldwyn, some four years before Ghost would make him a known name. Adding to the quality score, which BTW rattles around home cinema speakers lie a supernatural entity, is Jon Kranhouse's cinematography, which is gorgeous in colour lens selections. All that and you get an Alice Cooper soundtrack as well. \r\n\r\nFrom joyful reanimation to a suitably watery finale, this part 6 delivers more than enough to almost make you rush out to rent part 7. Almost... 6.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Jason Lives_ is the _Friday the 13th_ movie that starts injecting comedy into the franchise, which after 5 movies of more or less the same tone, is understandable. Prior entires have still had fun, but _Part VI_ has multiple, actual jokes. This bugs a lot of people, but me? Not so much. It's definitely not the high point of the franchise, but I still would never skip this one during a marathon.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [10281, 9731, 10283, 9730]}