{"tmdb_id": 102382, "title": "The Amazing Spider-Man : Le Destin d'un h\u00e9ros", "original_title": "The Amazing Spider-Man 2", "slug_title": "the-amazing-spider-man-le-destin-d-un-heros", "date": "2014-04-16", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Peter Parker a une vie tr\u00e8s occup\u00e9e partag\u00e9e entre son combat contre les vilains et la personne qu\u2019il aime, Gwen. Il attend donc son dipl\u00f4me de fin de lyc\u00e9e avec impatience. Peter n\u2019a pas oubli\u00e9 la promesse qu\u2019il a faite au p\u00e8re de Gwen : la prot\u00e9ger en restant hors de son existence. Une promesse qu\u2019il ne peut pas tenir. Les choses vont changer pour Peter quand un nouveau vilain fait son apparition, Electro, quand un vieil ami fait son retour, Harry Osborn, et quand Peter d\u00e9couvre de nouveaux indices sur son pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUjWof8LHDgCZC9mFp0UYKBf1Dm.jpg", "actors": ["Andrew Garfield (Peter Parker / Spider-Man)", "Emma Stone (Gwen Stacy)", "Jamie Foxx (Max Dillon / Electro)", "Dane DeHaan (Harry Osborn / Green Goblin)", "Campbell Scott (Richard Parker)", "Embeth Davidtz (Mary Parker)", "Colm Feore (Donald Menken)", "Paul Giamatti (Aleksei Sytsevich / The Rhino (Uncredited))", "Sally Field (Aunt May)", "Max Charles (Young Peter Parker)", "Felicity Jones (Felicia Hardy)", "Marton Csokas (Dr. Ashley Kafka)", "Chris Cooper (Norman Osborn)", "B. J. Novak (Allistar Smythe)", "Denis Leary (Captain Stacy)", "Kari Coleman (Helen Stacy)", "Charlie DePew (Philip Stacy)", "Skyler Gisondo (Howard Stacy)", "Jacob Rodier (Simon Stacy)", "Stan Lee (Graduation Guest)", "Michael Massee (Gustav Fiers / The Gentleman)", "Aidy Bryant (Woman in Statue Of Liberty Costume)", "J.D. Walsh (Dr. Jallings - Science Investigator)", "Louis Cancelmi (Man in Black Suit)", "Sarah Gadon (Kari)", "Frank Deal (Agent Berkley)", "Martin Sheen (Uncle Ben)", "Mark Doherty (Swat Team Leader)", "Jorge Vega (Jorge)", "Bill Heck (G-5 Co-Pilot)", "Teddy Coluca (Gwen's Cabbie)", "Helen Stern (British Desk Attendant)", "Cal McCrystal (Principal Conway)", "Anslem Richardson (Times Square Cop)", "James Colby (Lead Officer)", "Robert Newman (Police Captain)", "Adrian Martinez (Bodega Cashier)", "Thaddeus Phillips (Robber)", "James McCauley (Air Traffic Controller)", "Rachael McOwen (Dispatcher)", "David Shabtai (Dispatcher)", "Greg Connolly  (Osborn Butler)", "Tug Coker (Pilot)", "Jabari Gray (Pilot)", "Jamie Lynn Concepcion (Jorge's Mother)", "Pat Kiernan (NY1 News Anchor)", "Jessica Abo (NY1 Reporter)", "Clem Cheung (Chinese Grandpa)", "Dusan Hyska (Armed Robber)", "Andrei Runtso (Armed Robber)", "Brennan Taylor (Ravencroft Guard)", "Slate Holmgren (Ravencroft Guard)", "Salvatore L. Rossi (Bully)", "Drew Beasley (Bully)", "Matthew Tronieri (Bully)", "Dario Barosso (Bully)", "Paul Urcioli (Doctor)", "David Shih (Doctor)", "Daniel Gerroll (OsCorp Department Head)", "Brian McElhaney (Times Square Bystander)", "Jonathan Braylock (Times Square Bystander)", "Steven Hauck (Corporate Lawyer)", "Jessica Shea Alverson (Graduation Parent (uncredited))", "Peter Tzotchev (Bully)", "Timothy Adams (Pilot)", "Julia Davis (NYPD Officer)", "BJ Davis (NYPD Officer)", "Stefanie Barry (Times square driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "The second movie in the new Spider-man movie series that directed by Marc Webb. I doubt his potential after seeing this movie. I feel someone should take his position before it become too late. In the history of the Spider-man movies, from all the 6 this one is the worst. Commercially it has done a great business that grabbed around $800 million all over the world, but failed to deliver another quality movie for the fans. The movie engaged with the too much character and subplots. The subplots were not placed in the right spots, kind of random appearance brings the chaos in understanding the story. I had a high hope on this movie and it did not supply well. Frankly, I kind of lost interest in Spider-man. Maybe because it was too soon to reboot, I guess.\r\n\r\n> **\u2018\u2018You want to be the hero.\r\n> And now you gotta pay the price.\u2019\u2019**\r\n\r\nThe first movie gave a decent re-start for the refreshed Spider-man movie series. And what happened here in this second installment was a disaster. The first thing is it was nearly a 2 and half an hour movie that brought me lightly a headache to carry on thus far. Actually, it was 10 minutes shorter than what it is now, but in the end they have developed a bit longer to show the opening scene of the third movie. When a movie got a powerful hero, it should have equally matched antagonist. If they are matched, then the fight between them are the next thing to bring the best out of it. I think the Electro man did not click as they have expected, at least not to me. The strength he had was something beyond spider-man, but did not unleash him in a perfect manner. Though Jamie Foxx was not bad in that avatar, the filmmakers kind of wasted his presence for not so good scenes.\r\n\r\nRemember the original Spider-man was the modern superhero movies, I mean it was done using computer graphics. Afterwards 'Batman', 'Iron Man', 'Thor' and all were followed. I like the version with Tobey Maguire in it, though my rating declined by movie after another in the trilogy. This reboot series had a good opening, but failed to get the momentum going. Especially all the emotions were looked fakes that do not appeal like the original movie series did. Yes, it had a wonderful box office and that does not mean the movie is good, either worst. But expected a little better, especially in the negative characters. Andrew Garfield was good, not awesome, because most of his masked parts were CGI. Emma stone was another let down and could not help comparing her with Kristen Dunst, because she was no way near, at all. The Dane DeHaan role had the same issue and I don't know why people did not get better space in the movie that ran 140 minutes long. Like I said subplot spoiled everything I think. The digital 3D and stunts were poor. Yeah, there are many things to complain about it than to praise, but all the answer should come in the next sequel. If that makes bigger, not commercially, I mean with a good story, graphics and performances then there will be no problem. But if it fails, I had to say 'bring back the fourth installment of the original movie series'. Definitely not worth a watch, but anyway most of the guys going to watch it or already watched it."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It seems that Spider Man is doomed to receive mediocre to abysmal implementations on the big screen. Well, at least in my opinion. The Amazing Spider Man 2 currently have a rating of 7.1 which quite surprises me. This was not the worst Spider Man movie. The 2nd instalment, Spider-Man 2, in the first series with Tobey Maquire still holds that title firmly.\r\n\r\nThere are some nice special effect fireworks going on and there are some funny parts when Peter Parker puts on the mask and goes to action but apart from that I found the movie uninspired, with a mediocre plot and sometimes downright boring. The plot is perhaps suitable for a comics magazine with its standard set of unlikely events, backstabbing big-corporate employees and disgruntled scientists becoming super villains but on the big-screen one would expect a wee bit more effort going into the plot.\r\n\r\nThe main villain, Electro, was \u2026 well not really giving much of an impression. He never lifted above the pretty silly scientist letting everyone walk all over him and doing really, really stupid things like trying to put two high voltage cables together without turning off the power. Sure he tried to give a menacing appearance towards the end but to me he never really managed to elevate himself to a real super-villain. I almost got the impression that the director actually realized that Electra was not good enough and so decided to come up with some convoluted scheme to throw in The Green Goblin at the end. None of these villains are really bad, just mediocre.\r\n\r\nThen of course there is the obligatory Peter Parker wallowing in self-pity that every director seems to just have to put in these movies. It is not funny and downright boring. And for the ending cliffhanger they throw in the Rhino\u2026as some jerk in a monster mechanical suit :-( . What the f\u2026? The Rhino is supposed to have a polymer bonded to his skin and augmented strength and speed. Not be running around in some silly mechanical Rhino toy!\r\n\r\nThe entertainment factor of this movie comes almost entirely from the SFX action and a few select scenes. Otherwise the movie was fairly (yawn) mediocre as far as I am concerned. Having said that, being the sci-fi and super-hero fan that I am, I will probably buy the next instalment anyway if one comes out."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The story is predictable and with zero neurons on it but Garfield and Stone connection is good and the comedy moments sort of enjoyable.\r\n\r\nProbably you could remove the super-hero mess and you would  had a much better romantic comedy."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Spider-Man stuffed once again.\r\n\r\nMarc Webb returns to direct what Sony had hoped was the second instalment of a longer running reboot of the Spider-Man franchise. Writing this now, I'm armed with the knowledge that once again the web slinger will get another reboot in 2017, which after viewing this sequel comes as no surprise.\r\n\r\nIt's not so much that it's a bad film, or a bad Spider-Man film at that, it's just that it feels all very familiar, whilst simultaneously hugging the same pitfalls as Sam Raimi's Spiderman 3. Webb tries to juggle a screenplay with 3 villains (well two and a half really), a tricky romance between Peter Parker (Andrew Garfield) and Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone), and of course there's school, a best friend and affairs of the home heart to deal with.\r\n\r\nThe introduction of Electro (Jamie Foxx) is a good move, inputting a new villain into the spidey world is most welcome. Yet in spite of Foxx earning some level of sympathy with the characterisation, it never really works and unfortunately draws comparisons with a certain Mr. Freeze from another franchise. Dane DeHaan comes in as Harry Osborn, soon to be Green Goblin, again the tortured soul act is well performed, but come Goblin time the make up and effects work is laughable. While Paul Giamati as Aleksei Sytsevich - cum - Rhino, is having fun but is barely in the picture.\r\n\r\nStone is the best thing in it by far, while Garfield works hard, but there is no getting away from the fact that they both are - and look - too old for their parts. The action is fun and pulse raising, but there's not enough of it to sustain a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes. Though on the plus side Webb and his team are to be applauded for choosing a story line that is ultimately bold and contains a great emotional whack. All told it's a shaky entry to the spidey world, one that once again forced Sony into another rethink. Lets hope the next journey spidey goes on has some clarity and streamlined sense. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1930, 559, 100402, 127585], "youtube_key": "DlM2CWNTQ84"}