{"tmdb_id": 102318, "title": "Slaughterhouse of the Rising Sun", "original_title": "Slaughterhouse of the Rising Sun", "slug_title": "slaughterhouse-of-the-rising-sun", "date": "2005-09-27", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "The year is 1971. Jennifer, a troubled actress, is institutionalized following psychotic visions on the set of her latest film. Upon her release, Jennifer becomes stranded in the desert only to be rescued by a colorful band of nomadic rebels. Helpless and alone, Jennifer has no choice but to follow them and is subtly but swiftly introduced into their family. That night, a local desert dweller tells them of an abandoned house and warns them to stay away. The family ignores the warning and uses the house as their latest crash pad. Jennifer becomes further plagued by sinister visions that reduce her ability to separate reality from fantasy. Soon members of the family are mysteriously killed one by one in the legend known as the \"Slaughterhouse Of the Rising Sun\"...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r5neRbNzOINANKpytg2zmD5dlRY.jpg", "actors": ["Michele Morrow (Violence Onelove)", "Vin Crease (Damon Grey)", "Cheryl Dent (Jennifer)", "Heather Justine Thomas (Sabbath Jones)", "Ryan Rogoff (Guilty Karma)", "J. Scott Shonka (Westy Westerman)", "Michael Schuster (Doc Warlock)", "Thomas Wheatley (Dr. Denver)", "Todd Duffey (Robert Lewis)", "Chris Garnant (Bertram Lewis)", "Karl Anderson (Randy Andrews)", "Chelsey Cole (Young Jennifer)", "Wendee Cole (Jennifer's Mother)", "Klaus Aton Graahl (The Man in the Flat Top Hat)", "Sheilah Grenham (Cassandra Locust)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [213224], "youtube_key": "atnUjHmBOzA"}