{"tmdb_id": 10243, "title": "Le vol du ph\u00e9nix", "original_title": "The Flight of the Phoenix", "slug_title": "le-vol-du-phenix", "date": "1965-12-15", "genre": ["Aventure"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Un avion est pris dans une temp\u00eate de sable au beau milieu du d\u00e9sert saharien. Le pilote, Frank Towns, est oblig\u00e9 de poser l\u2019appareil en plein d\u00e9sert. Deux passagers sont tu\u00e9s lors du crash, un autre gri\u00e8vement bless\u00e9. Les douze survivants, coup\u00e9s du monde et perdus \u00e0 des centaines de kilom\u00e8tres du trajet pr\u00e9vu, doivent affronter la rigueur du d\u00e9sert. L\u2019un d\u2019eux fait le pari qu\u2019il est possible de reconstruire un avion \u00e0 partir des d\u00e9bris de l\u2019engin...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xdeLPvZdWHrjkdWRVO8ttfl24Gh.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Capt. Frank Towns)", "Richard Attenborough (Lew Moran)", "Peter Finch (Capt. Harris)", "Hardy Kr\u00fcger (Heinrich Dorfmann)", "Ernest Borgnine (Trucker Cobb)", "Ian Bannen (Crow)", "Ronald Fraser (Sergeant Watson)", "Christian Marquand (Dr. Renaud)", "Dan Duryea (Standish)", "George Kennedy (Bellamy)", "Gabriele Tinti (Gabriel)", "Alex Montoya (Carlos)", "Peter Bravos (Tasso)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Absorbing character piece that's acted accordingly.\r\n\r\nA transport aeroplane carrying an assortment of men crash lands in the Sahara desert, these men must group together in spite of their varying indifference's and build another plane out of the wreckage.\r\n\r\nIt perhaps, on the surface, doesn't sound much does it? We as viewers are asked to spend over two hours watching these men interact with each other with differing results. The location stays the same, it is just sand, sun, and men awaiting death. Yet the film is one of the best exponents of the character piece because the characters each have their own personal hang ups. Be it carrying scars from the war, or a class difference of upbringing, or that demon addiction to alcohol, these men have to overcome themselves before they can overcome the biggest hurdle in front of them.\r\n\r\nBoasting what reads as a who's who of great character actors, The Flight Of The Phoenix becomes a riveting watch because we feel the stifled nature of their plight, because we are blessed to have these wonderful actors fully realising the great writing from Lukas Heller. It is absorbing, it is very sharp, and fittingly we get a twist that makes the ending even more rewarding.\r\n\r\nHighly Recommended. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10178, 14554, 502, 23518], "youtube_key": "V0hIoLNecqI"}