{"tmdb_id": 102651, "title": "Mal\u00e9fique", "original_title": "Maleficent", "slug_title": "malefique", "date": "2014-05-28", "genre": "Fantastique / Aventure / Action / Familial / Romance", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Mal\u00e9fique est une belle jeune femme au coeur pur qui m\u00e8ne une  vie idyllique au sein d\u2019une paisible for\u00eat dans un royaume o\u00f9 r\u00e8gnent le bonheur et l\u2019harmonie. Un jour, une arm\u00e9e d\u2019envahisseurs menace les fronti\u00e8res du pays et Mal\u00e9fique, n\u2019\u00e9coutant que son courage, s\u2019\u00e9l\u00e8ve en f\u00e9roce protectrice de cette terre. Dans cette lutte acharn\u00e9e, une personne en qui elle avait foi va la trahir, d\u00e9clenchant en elle une souffrance \u00e0 nulle autre pareille qui va petit \u00e0 petit transformer son coeur pur en un coeur de pierre. Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 se venger, elle s\u2019engage dans une bataille \u00e9pique avec le successeur du roi, jetant une terrible mal\u00e9diction sur sa fille qui vient de na\u00eetre, Aurore. Mais lorsque l\u2019enfant grandit, Mal\u00e9fique se rend compte que la petite princesse d\u00e9tient la cl\u00e9 de la paix du royaume, et peut-\u00eatre aussi celle de sa propre r\u00e9demption\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Af8XwQ3FAhB0BwenZSHxoByPUvx.jpg", "actors": ["Angelina Jolie (Maleficent)", "Elle Fanning (Princess Aurora)", "Sharlto Copley (Stefan)", "Sam Riley (Diaval)", "Juno Temple (Thistletwit)", "Imelda Staunton (Knotgrass)", "Lesley Manville (Flittle)", "Brenton Thwaites (Prince Phillip)", "Isobelle Molloy (Young Maleficent)", "Miranda Richardson (Queen Ulla)", "Jamie Sives (Shepherd)", "Toby Regbo (Young Stefan)", "Kenneth Cranham (King Henry)", "Hannah New (Princess Leila)", "Ella Purnell (Teen Maleficent)", "Sarah Flind (Princess Leila's Handmaiden)", "Jackson Bews (Teen Stefan)", "Angus Wright (Advisor to King Henry)", "Oliver Maltman (Advisor to King Henry)", "Gary Cargill (Nobleman)", "John O'Toole (Nobleman)", "Harry Attwell (Nobleman)", "Anthony May (Nobleman)", "James Hicks (Military Nobleman)", "Stephan Chase (General)", "Mark Caven (General)", "Chris Leaney (Servant in Wing Room)", "Jamie Maclachlan (Soldier in Wood)", "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt (Aurora (5 yrs.))", "Eleanor Worthington-Cox (Aurora (8 yrs.))", "John MacMillan (Captain)", "Tim Treloar (Farmer)", "Peter G. Reed (Guard (voice))", "Marama Corlett (Servant)", "Liam McKenna (King Henry's Captain)", "Steven Cree (Overseer)", "Sandy Fox (Fairies / Creatures (voice))", "Janet McTeer (Narrator (voice))", "Karen Anderson (Blue Suit Performer (uncredited))", "Lasco Atkins (King Henry Soldier (uncredited))", "James Ayling (Stefans Guard (uncredited))", "Sophie-Anna Brough (Courtier (uncredited))", "Alfred Camp (King Henry's General (uncredited))", "Raf Cross (Young Man (uncredited))", "Nick Donald (Stefan's Guard (uncredited))", "Terri Douglas (Curse Voice, Fairies, Creatures (uncredited))", "Damon Driver (Court Jester (uncredited))", "Josh Dyer (Stefan's Soldier / Henry's Soldier (uncredited))", "Stephanie Elstob (Dancer (uncredited))", "Ellis Fuller (Courtier (uncredited))", "Craig Garner (Blue Suit Performer (uncredited))", "Alexander Gillison (King Henry's Solider (uncredited))", "Victoria Gugenheim (Courtier (uncredited))", "Daniel Harland (Courtier (uncredited))", "Kara Lily Hayworth (Pixie Reader (uncredited))", "John Heartstone (Soldier / Courtier (uncredited))", "Matt Hookings (Stefan's Soldier (uncredited))", "Craig Izzard (King Henry's Soldier (uncredited))", "Ceri Jerome (Dancer (uncredited))", "Zahara Jolie-Pitt (Girl (uncredited))", "Lee Edward Jones (Blue Suit Performer (uncredited))", "Hrvoje Klecz (Courtier (uncredited))", "Alex Marek (Servant (uncredited))", "Jo\u00e3o Costa Menezes (Palace Guard (uncredited))", "Karen Mkrtchyan (Courtier (uncredited))", "Matthew John Morley (King Stefan's Army (uncredited))", "Steven John Nice (Courtier (uncredited))", "Edd Osmond (Blue Suit Performer (uncredited))", "Jo Osmond (Blue Suit Performer (uncredited))", "Andrew James Porter (King Henry's Soldier (uncredited))", "Guy Potter (Stefan's Page (uncredited))", "Marc Rolfe (King Stefans Guard (uncredited))", "Jd Roth-round (Palace Guard (uncredited))", "Julian Seager (Stefan's General (uncredited))", "Peter Stacey (Soldier / Courtier (uncredited))", "Daniel Stisen (Screen Combat, Soldier (uncredited))", "Richard Summers-Calvert (Stefan Guard (uncredited))", "Leo Suter (Young Man (uncredited))", "Tom Swacha (Courtier (uncredited))", "Daniel Westwood (Special action soldier (uncredited))", "Christian Wolf-La'Moy  (Courtier at Christening (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Nice re-interpretation of the sleeping beauty children's tale. Angelina Jolie has some really good moments in which a simple smile from her can make you shit your pants, although the interpretation is, in some parts, irregular. Elle Fanning is not a good option as \"the Beauty\" in the same way Kristen Stewart wasn't for Snow White. Angelina eats completely her role as Charlize Theron eat Stewart's. Sharito Copley has a great performance, as always, and the FX are really decent."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "When I first read about this movie I was not entirely sure whether I liked the idea or not. After having watched it I have to say that I really liked it. It is a nice fairy tale based on the Sleeping Beauty but from the perspective of the evil fairy (who is not really that evil actually) instead. As far as I am concerned the concept worked surprisingly well.\r\n\r\nObviously the story is highly rewritten compared to the original Sleeping Beauty story. Whether that is good or bad is probably a matter of personal opinion. I think it is good since it allowed to story in the movie to have its own merits and not be too dependent on the original. It works for me since the original story is not very present except and thus you do not get any annoyed every so often because the deviate from the \u201coriginal\u201d since the movie clearly demonstrated that it intended to be quite different from the start.\r\n\r\nThe movie is quite beautiful with a typical fairy-tale air to it and at the same time dark and ominous during the scenes that required it. There are plenty of CGI of course and, to me, it was all quite well done. Angeline Jolie did a good job as Maleficent. I was actually less impressed by the three fairies that were supposed to take care of the princess though. They tried to be funny but it never really became very funny.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I found this to be a very enjoyable movie. So did the kids by the way. When I watched it  (with the kids) the kids had already watched it twice."}, {"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "Today, June 4, I went to see Maleficent on the birthday of its star, Angelina Jolie. In itself, nothing more than a funny coincidence, although when you think about it, it is customary for someone who is celebrating their birthday, to hand out treats. And boy, this was the best treat ever.\r\n\r\nThree reasons why I was completely stoked to see Maleficent after hearing about it for the first time about a year and a half ago: 1) I love Angelina. 2) I love Sleeping Beauty. 3) Maleficent is my favourite fairy tale villain of all time. On the other hand, I was also a little wary of the way they had apparently altered the story. See, if there is one thing I hate in films, it's when they explain and justify the motives and reasons why a certain character is \"bad\". I for one believe that some people are just plain evil and that's the way it is. And going into this persons' childhood and explaining how bad everything was (or something to that effect) only works to weaken that characters' force. Now, I don't know why a somewhat clich\u00e9d story about the love and betrayal of a young Maleficent (who apparently used to be good and pure-hearted), worked here, but somehow it just did. It completely surprised me, to be honest. I'm usually allergic to this kind of fluff, but it worked! Maleficents' back-story actually intrigued me, moved me even. And it succeeded at what it was supposed to do in the first place: it made Maleficent human.\r\n\r\nIn the end though, they could have written any kind of story about what is undoubtedly Disney's most beloved villainess, it never would have been raised to an above-par level without its most crucial element: Angelina Jolie. I might sound biased because I'm such a fan, but I am perfectly able to look at her performances in a critical way, and I can only say this about her performance as Maleficent: she was in one word, perfect. I honestly can't imagine any other actress who could have approached this role with the same flawless combination of properties (short of maybe Charlize Theron): she is beautiful and very charismatic, yet at the same time undeniably cruel and cold. She was everything I had hoped this real life characterization of Maleficent would be, and then some. \r\n\r\nCompliments also go out to the three other main actors in this film. First to Elle Fanning, for being very convincing as the young princess Aurora. She is sweet, lovely and kind and she has the right personality to play this famous princess just the way she should be. Second, to Sam Riley, who was a pleasant surprise as Maleficents' pet raven Diaval in human form. I was thus far unfamiliar with his work, but he was very well suited to his role and I enjoyed watching him. Last, but certainly not least, Sharlto Copley, who has already thrilled me with his performances in District 9 and Elysium, and who has now definitely made a fan out of me. His range is awesome and he was totally terrifying as Stefan.\r\n\r\nOK, there are some things you have to look past. My first, and most blatant, issue with this film is: if young Maleficent was a good, pure- hearted girl, then why did she, as an innocent 10-year-old, already have evil-looking horns, devilish wings and is she called \"Maleficent\"? Right\u2026 Secondly, I found the three pixies to be very unconvincing and even somewhat annoying CGI-wise. Overall the special effects are well done but the pixies were definitely an eyesore. The dragon in the end also looked a bit unreal. \r\n\r\nThat being said, Maleficents' costumes and make-up were absolutely stunning. I just couldn't get enough of gazing at her intricate headdresses and beautiful gowns. The costume and styling department really deserve top credit and I truly hope there will be some awards for them in the near future. The music was also great, with flawless scoring by James Newton Howard and a terrific rendition of \"Once upon a dream\" by Lana Del Rey over the end credits. Also, awesome battle scenes and action sequences galore!\r\n\r\nGoing into this film, I thought it would be nothing more than a so-so, kind of fun summer flick. A 6.5/7 maybe. Sometimes, I love it when I'm wrong. Out of the three films that I've seen at the cinema over the last week (the other two being X-Men and Godzilla, both disappointments\u2026) I can tell you, Maleficent was by far the most gratifying. Perhaps because I had relatively low expectations, perhaps because it was simply that good.\r\n\r\nOne serious warning for the rough, rugged men out there: this film features pixies, fairies, sparkly thingies and magical fluff out the wazoo. If you're going to see this, do it for Angelina. If not, treat this film like kryptonite. You will thank me later.\r\n\r\nTo everyone else: go see this film. It will rock your socks off. Maleficent is magnificent.\r\n_(June 2014)_"}], "recommandations_id": [109445, 150689, 157350, 58595]}