{"tmdb_id": 10263, "title": "Tamara", "original_title": "Tamara", "slug_title": "tamara", "date": "2005-05-12", "genre": ["Fantastique / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir subi les moqueries de ses camarades durant toute sa scolarit\u00e9, la peu d\u00e9sirable Tamara revient d'entre les morts sous les traits d'une magnifique jeune femme, pr\u00eate \u00e0 prendre sa revanche sur ses tortionnaires...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qvwl9p8UOKeRqVZaVCukFKj9zkf.jpg", "actors": ["Jenna Dewan (Tamara Riley)", "Marc Devigne (Roger)", "Chad Faust (Jesse)", "Katie Stuart (Chloe)", "Bryan Clark (Shawn)", "Melissa Marie Elias (Kisha)", "Matthew Marsden (Bill Natolly)", "Claudette Mink (Alison Natolly)", "Gil Hacohen (Patrick)", "Magally Zelaya (Freshman Girl #2)", "Brian Davisson (Security Guard)", "Chris Sigurdson (Mr. Riley)", "Sarah Blondin (Freshman Girl #1)", "Ernesto Griffith (Cop #1)", "Jeffrey Reddick (Doctor)", "Brandy Jaques (Receptionist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Witch Zombie\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2005-2006 and directed by Jeremy Haft, \"Tamara\u201d is a Canadian production about an unpopular girl (Jenna Dewan Tatum) at a Winnipeg high school who is harassed by her peers and inadvertently buys the farm in a malevolent prank. Through the dark power of witchcraft, however, she returns as a wannabe seductress to enact revenge. Matthew Marsden and Claudette Mink play a married teacher and administrator at the school. \r\n \r\n\u201cTarmara\u201d contains elements of \u201cCarrie\u201d (1976), \u201cThe Rage: Carrie 2\u201d (1998), \u201cThe House on Sorority Row\u201d (1983) (which was remade as \u201cSorority Row\u201d in 2009), \u201cThe Craft\u201d (1996) and \u201cThe Faculty\u201d (1998). Yet it mixes its own brew and, surprisingly, has a few original aspects, along with respectable gore, if that\u2019s your thang. The movie influenced future flicks like \u201cI\u2019ll Always Know what you did Last Summer\u201d (2006) and, especially, \u201cJennifer\u2019s Body\u201d (2009). If you like these kinds of films, you\u2019ll like this one.\r\n\r\nThere are some awkward or un-compelling moments in the filmmaking. With just a few key tweaks this could\u2019ve been great in the manner of \u201cThe Rage: Carrie 2.\u201d Still, it\u2019s good enough and, like I said, has some innovative parts. Marsden and Mink are strong as the adult protagonists. The women are cute (e.g. Katie Stuart as winsome Chloe) but, with the exception of Mink, they look like they\u2019re suffering mild anorexia. Please, ladies, eat some food!                   \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 38 minutes and was shot in Winnipeg, Manitoba. WRITER: Jeffrey Reddick. \r\n \r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [41848, 10292, 10578, 12583], "youtube_key": "notfound"}