{"tmdb_id": 102874, "title": "Hamari Bahu Alka", "original_title": "Hamari Bahu Alka", "slug_title": "hamari-bahu-alka", "date": "1982-01-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Collegian Pratapchand alias Pratap lives with his father, Badriprasad, a building contractor, his housewife mom, and a younger brother named Ramu. Badriprasad is always critical of Pratap, and never a day passes without Pratap being reminded of his shortcomings. When Pratap's friend, Sunil gets married to Sudha, Badriprasad arranges Pratap's marriage with a village belle named Alka, much to Pratap's chagrin. After the marriage takes place, Pratap finds Alka attractive, and both fall in love with each other, and would some time together. But that is not to be so, as Pratap has exams coming up, and Badriprasad will not permit them to be close to each other. So both of them scheme up a plot to leave on the pretext of visiting Alka's parents in another distant town. Instead both of them go to Bombay, rent a room, and decide to be intimate. But fate has other plans, rather comical, for them, and will make rue their decision of coming to Bombay.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1sOhnSsniY3Ai93Lj555p4tr3ha.jpg", "actors": ["Rakesh Roshan (Pratapchand)", "Bindiya Goswami (Alka)", "Utpal Dutt (Badriprasad)", "Asrani (Sunil)", "Prema Narayan (Sudha)", "Sudha Shivpuri (Mrs. Badriprasad)", "Raju Shrestha (Ramu)", "Viju Khote (Birju)", "Manmauji (Govind)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [197388, 125297, 168111, 103048], "youtube_key": "notfound"}