{"tmdb_id": 10292, "title": "Urban Legend 3 : Bloody Mary", "original_title": "Urban Legends: Bloody Mary", "slug_title": "urban-legend-3-bloody-mary", "date": "2005-07-19", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "En 1969, \u00e0 Salt Lake City, Mary Banner est battue par son petit ami au cours d'un bal de promo et enferm\u00e9e dans un local du lyc\u00e9e o\u00f9 elle meurt de faim. Trente ans apr\u00e8s, des adolescents parviennent \u00e0 la ramener d'entre les morts au risque de d\u00e9clencher une vague meurtri\u00e8re sans pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mPcR4j22YGl2bdO4PfwXmEogsKY.jpg", "actors": ["Kate Mara (Samantha Owens)", "Robert Vito (David Owens)", "Tina Lifford (Grace Taylor)", "Ed Marinaro (Bill Owens)", "Michael Coe (Buck Jacoby)", "Lillith Fields (Young Mary Banner / 'Bloody Mary')", "Nancy Everhard (Pam Owens)", "Rooney Mara (Classroom girl #1)", "Audra Lea Keener (Heather Thompson)", "Don Shanks (Coach Jacoby)", "Nate Herd (Tom Higgins)", "Brandon Sacks (Roger Dalton)", "Olesya Rulin (Mindy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "slayrrr666", "content": "Reappearing at school after a prank, a teen begins to suspect that the exceptionally strange kills and incidents surrounding her classmates are tied into a local legend similar to her encounter and finds the ghost of the woman is responsible forcing her to stop it.\r\n\r\nThis here wasn\u2019t all that bad of a sequel. One thing it has going for it is that this one really has a lot of fun playing with its supernatural overtones which allows for some great scenes in here. A lot of this is due to the supernatural haunting-based attacks that occur in here which are quite chilling when based on the method of kills utilized to get the point across. The main scene involved with this is the attack in the bedroom, where the pajama-clad victim pops a zit, giving birth to a multitude of supernatural spiders from the wound and crawling over the bloodied body in a disturbing visual as she cuts away at herself in a particularly brutal fashion scores wonderfully, the motel assault is really chilling realizing that someone\u2019s in there and. Likewise, the few small indicators of the ghosts\u2019 background are quite fun with the flashes of her buried in the school as well as her dream of it being locked in the chest and crawling out for it being just as creepy and chilling as the other main attacks. This is mainly due to the ghost itself which is quite chilling, appearing with some nice facial distortions, creepy eyes and the wounds across the face making it pretty imposing while the flash lighting and quick moments leave it with a fine overall villain. As well, the curse that comes into play is quite nice with the ongoing mystery about her rampage and forcing the fun of the cemetery finale all makes for some good times to help hold off the few flaws with it. The most obvious one is that the really big, brutal deaths aren\u2019t based on urban legends and seem just thrown in for no real reason. The film\u2019s gimmick is that the kills are based around urban legends, yet neither being repeatedly stabbed in the chest with a broken beer bottle or urinating on an electrified fence and being shocked are real urban legends which doesn\u2019t have anything to do with anything making the whole purpose of the exercise quite fruitless. Another big flaw is that the film has a really convoluted opening. There's no reason for there to be as many different angles and ideas thrown in, making it overwritten and convoluted. There's way too much going on to really get a handle of it all, and it makes the beginning really hard to get into. The last really big flaw is the jerk-cutting done in the attack scenes. This happens quite often, where it flashes in a series of scenes so fast that it's impossible to tell what's going on for the intention of getting some creepy images in, but they just ruin it by going too fast. This happens during most of the scenes, and becomes distracting. A minor flaw is the thoroughly underwhelming hot-tub scene, but it isn't as bad as the other flaws.\r\n\r\nRated R: Graphic Violence, Graphic Language, Brief Nudity and drug use."}], "recommandations_id": [12212, 9877, 55861, 14033]}