{"tmdb_id": 102966, "title": "Revolt at Fort Laramie", "original_title": "Revolt at Fort Laramie", "slug_title": "revolt-at-fort-laramie", "date": "1957-03-01", "genre": "Action / Guerre / Western", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uiPloPQSJLQR3d9PFV8uT3t17cF.jpg", "actors": ["John Dehner (Maj. Seth Bradner)", "Gregg Palmer (Capt. James 'Jamie' Tenslip)", "Frances Helm (Melissa Bradner)", "Don Gordon (Jean Salignac)", "Robert Keys (Sgt. Darrach)", "William Phillips (Serrell)", "Robert Knapp (Lt. Chick Waller)", "Eddie Little Sky (Red Cloud)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Rinty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Not revolting at all.\r\n\r\nRevolt at Fort Laramie is directed by Lesley Selander and written by Robert C. Dennis. It stars John Dehner, Gregg Palmer, Frances Helm, Don Gordon and Robert Keys. Music is by Les Baxter and cinematography by William Margulies.\r\n\r\nUpon watching this above average Oater one word kept coming to mind, brief! Be it the battle scenes, the finale and of course the running time, it'as all so brief. Which when you have such a powder-keg premise at the core of the pic, is hugely annoying.\r\n\r\nWe have the Fort of the title made up of Southern and Northern soldiers, all standing together to repel the Red Cloud led Sioux Army. Then the First Battle of Fort Sumter opens on April 12, 1861, and what was once a harmonious force is now divided. Into the mix is shifty shenanigans involving gold, a lovers relationship under strain and murder! If only we could have had a bigger budget, another thirty minutes run time, and someone to throw a firecracker over it and BOOM!\r\n\r\nStill, it's an entertaining piece with well staged battles - one a siege and one on the river - good scenes such as the opposing soldiers singing against each other with their respective \"homeland\" anthems, and fun moments like Dehner's Major Bradner being restrained in leg irons to stop him sleepwalking to his doom! Baxter's score is mostly standard stuff but occasionally shows inspiration like incorporating the said North/South anthems, while the Kanab locations are beautifully utilised (so not Laramie then? So what). \r\n\r\nIf only everything wasn't so brief. Grrrr. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}