{"tmdb_id": 102953, "title": "Twice a Judas", "original_title": "Due volte giuda", "slug_title": "twice-a-judas", "date": "1969-09-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Luke Barrett, having lost his memory due to an accident, does not realize that Dingus had killed his wife and brother to take possession of the Barretts' land and money. At first Luke trusts him, but while looking for his forgotten identity he discovers the truth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/izAb7NJJmJLcZcjGcVxeB2w3A3T.jpg", "actors": ["Antonio Sab\u00e0to (Luke Barrett)", "Klaus Kinski (Dingus)", "Jos\u00e9 Calvo (Russel)", "Cristina Galb\u00f3 (Mrs. Barrett)", "Linda Sini ()", "Franco Leo ()", "Emma Baron ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Who's Dingus?\r\n\r\nDue volte Giuda (Twice a Judas/Shoot Twice/They Were Called Graveyard) is directed by Nndo Cicero and written by Jaime Jes\u00fas Balc\u00e1zar. It stars Antonio Sab\u00e0to, Klaus Kinski, Pepe Calvo and Franco Leo. Music is by Carlo Pes and cinematography by Francisco Marin.\r\n\r\nAn amnesiac wakes up in parched land next to a dead body, he must now find out what has (is) happening and who the hell he is?!\r\n\r\nIt has something of a mixed reputation among Spaghetti Western fans, and for sure it's a tricky one to recommend with great confidence, so really you have to roll the dice and take your chance. Personally I'm glad I did.\r\n\r\nThe amnesia angle is most interesting seen in the spag-western sphere, whilst ensuring as it does that there's a huge mystery element to the narrative. For two thirds of the pic it's slow going, with a story cross stitched in near complex terms so as to ask the viewer to follow closely. Trickily there are some threads that don't really make sense since they serve no evident purpose to the story as a whole, which is frustrating even if it adds to the dreamy feel of the plot.\r\n\r\nOnce the character dynamics are set up - well sort of - film kicks on a pace, unfurling the flags of double crosses, greed, mistrust and machismo fuelled behaviour. Kinski (splendidly edgy and unsympathetic) Sab\u00e0to (likable performance blending cool and confused) leading the way as pic plays its hands. The action is well staged, with barn yard and canyon shoot-outs most appealing, while the addition of an awesome canine and the use of some sort of ball-bearing blunderbuss take the final third up another notch. Pat on the back as well to the stunt men, nifty work on show chaps.\r\n\r\nPhotography and musical score are safe enough, with the print I viewed on British cable in very good order. It asks for patience and forgiveness for its silly sins, but all told it's a rather good pasta piece worthy of viewing. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [64368, 51788, 41468, 167828], "youtube_key": "notfound"}