{"tmdb_id": 10299, "title": "Chut, chut, ch\u00e8re Charlotte", "original_title": "Hush... Hush, Sweet Charlotte", "slug_title": "chut-chut-chere-charlotte", "date": "1964-12-15", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Charlotte Spinster vit recluse dans le Sud des Etats-Unis sur une ancienne plantation qui appartient \u00e0 sa famille depuis la guerre civile. Toute la ville la cro\u00eet coupable du meurtre de son fianc\u00e9 John Mayhew bien que rien n'ait jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 prouv\u00e9. Sa tranquilit\u00e9 est d\u00e9rang\u00e9e le jour o\u00f9 la ville d\u00e9cide la construction d'une autoroute sur la propri\u00e9t\u00e9 familiale. Charlotte d\u00e9cide alors de se battre. La derni\u00e8re h\u00e9riti\u00e8re de la propri\u00e9t\u00e9 profite de l'occasion pour la faire interner comme folle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hwVGNaVXFblluLwUjGcJ7RgW1rV.jpg", "actors": ["Bette Davis (Charlotte Hollis)", "Olivia de Havilland (Miriam Deering)", "Joseph Cotten (Dr. Drew Bayliss)", "Agnes Moorehead (Velma Cruther)", "Cecil Kellaway (Harry Willis)", "Victor Buono (Big Sam Hollis)", "Mary Astor (Mrs. Jewel Mayhew)", "Wesley Addy (Sheriff Luke Standish)", "William Campbell (Paul Marchand)", "Bruce Dern (John Mayhew)", "Frank Ferguson (Newspaper Editor)", "George Kennedy (Foreman)", "Dave Willock (Taxi Driver)", "John Megna (New Boy)", "Percy Helton (Funeral Director)", "Kelly Flynn (2nd Boy)", "Michel Petit (Gang Leader)", "Alida Aldrich (Young Girl)", "Kelly Aldrich (3rd Boy)", "William Aldrich (Boy Dancer)", "Ellen Corby (Lily, a Town Gossip)", "Carol Delay (Geraldine)", "Helen Kleeb (Town Gossip)", "Marianne Stewart (Town Gossip)", "Mary Henderson (Cleaning Woman)", "Lillian Randolph (Cleaning woman)", "Geraldine West (Cleaning Woman)", "Bill Walker (Joseph, Jewel Mayhew's chauffeur)", "Idell James (Ginny Mae)", "Teddy Buckner (Band leader)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Glorious Southern Gothic Delirium.\r\n \r\nHush\u2026Hush, Sweet Charlotte is directed by Robert Aldrich and written by Henry Farrell and Lukas Heller. It stars Bette Davis, Olivia de Havilland, Joseph Cotton, Agnes Moorehead, Cecil Kellaway and Mary Astor. Music is by Frank De Vol and cinematography by Joseph F. Biroc.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s 1927, the Louisiana plantation home of Sam Hollis (Victor Buono), and Charlotte Hollis (Davis) is having an affair with a married man, John Mayhew (Bruce Dern). After a heated argument between Sam and John, John is brutally slain by an unseen assailant, only Charlotte appears on the scene covered in blood. Then it\u2019s the present day and just Charlotte and her house keeper, Velma (Moorehead) live at the Hollis mansion, Sam having passed away many years ago. Charlotte is mentally scarred from the echoes of the past, she\u2019s a recluse and seen by the townsfolk as the local mental case. As developers try to plough a road through the Hollis home, Charlotte sends for her cousin Miriam (Havilland), but then strange things start happening and Charlotte might once and for all tip over the edge.\r\n \r\nA bit long at 2 hours 13 minutes and a bit too bonkers at times, Hush\u2026Hush, Sweet Charlotte still comes out as glorious Guignol entertainment. The setting is perfect, a Baton Rouge locale of whispering trees and ominous foliage, the Hollis mansion a place of dark secrets, shadowy halls and mental disintegration. Biroc\u2019s black and white photography seems to revel in the misery and emotional turmoil that blows about the place, and the brilliant Aldrich unleashes delirious turns from Davis and Moorehead as the others play perfectly restrained foil. There\u2019s a strong mystery element driving the plot forward, because what we think is true may not actually be the case? The narrative deftly reveals back stories as film progresses, hints at means and motives dangle tantalisingly in the Gothic tinged air, and then the finale doesn\u2019t disappoint, it has some surprises in store and closes the picture down handsomely.\r\n \r\nBest served with a good helping of Sour Mash, Hush\u2026Hush, Sweet Charlotte is Southern Gothicana with bells on. Or should that be Belles? 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42196, 43905, 16372, 13528]}