{"tmdb_id": 10307, "title": "Stigmata", "original_title": "Stigmata", "slug_title": "stigmata", "date": "1999-09-10", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Frankie, jeune femme gracieuse, mene une vie sans histoire entre son boulot, son compagnon et ses copines de sorties. Jusqu'au jour ou sa mere lui envoie du Bresil un rosaire vole sur la depouille de l'ancien cure de Belo Quinto. L'existence de Frankie sombre alors dans l'horreur. Elle est victime de plusieurs agressions dont elle ne peut expliquer les circonstances.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/23ld0uMga2AnnOP3iSHv40gDwsK.jpg", "actors": ["Patricia Arquette (Frankie Paige)", "Gabriel Byrne (Father Andrew Kiernan)", "Jonathan Pryce (Cardinal Daniel Houseman)", "Nia Long (Donna Chadway)", "Thomas Kopache (Father Durning)", "Rade Serbedzija (Marion Petrocelli)", "Enrico Colantoni (Father Dario)", "Dick Latessa (Father Gianni Delmonico)", "Portia de Rossi (Jennifer Kelliho)", "Patrick Muldoon (Steven)", "Ann Cusack (Dr. Reston)", "Shaun Toub (Doctor)", "Tom Hodges (ER Nurse)", "Lydia Hazan (Attending Nurse)", "Shaun Duke (Dr. Eckworth)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***The Kingdom of God is within you and around you***\r\n\r\nA hedonistic hair stylist in Pittsburgh (Patricia Arquette) experiences stigmata, the manifestations of the various wounds of Christ, which compels the Vatican to send an investigator (Gabriel Byrne).\r\n\r\n\u201cStigmata\u201d (1999) is Christian-oriented mystery/horror, coming across as a meshing of the tone of \u201cEye of the Beholder\u201d (1998) and the themes of \u201cThe Seventh Sign\u201d (1988). But also brings to mind the contemporaneous \u201cEnd of Days\u201d (1999), albeit more rooted in drama than overblown action thrills. \u201cThe Mothman Prophecies\u201d (2002) is another reference point, but the brilliance of the eerie \u201cMothman\u201d was its confidence in understatement whereas \u201cStigmata\u201d overdoes it in some sequences, I guess to appeal to those with ADHD.\r\n\r\nNevertheless, director Rupert Wainwright knows how to make a flashy, good-looking flick. The simple-yet-profound moral at the end makes it even better and I agree with it wholeheartedly.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 43 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A"}], "recommandations_id": [11601, 8843, 11377, 2637], "youtube_key": "WzObOLaz6ng"}