{"tmdb_id": 103164, "title": "Terre damn\u00e9e", "original_title": "Copper Canyon", "slug_title": "terre-damnee", "date": "1950-11-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la guerre de S\u00e9cession, la petite ville de Coppertown vit du produit de ses mines de cuivre. Mais les nordistes emp\u00eachent les mineurs, anciens sudistes, de vendre librement leur minerai. Ces derniers font appel \u00e0 Johnny Carter, ancien colonel de l'arm\u00e9e conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9e, recherch\u00e9 pour un vol. Le colonel a un plan pour permettre aux mineurs d'aller vendre leur cuivre ailleurs. Mais il ignore que parmi eux se cache un espion...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Pw8jMJ1ESWriNt0ZqVu0BuahXG.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Johnny Carter)", "Hedy Lamarr (Lisa Roselle)", "Macdonald Carey (Deputy Lane Travis)", "Mona Freeman (Caroline Desmond)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Lt. Ord)", "Frank Faylen (Mullins)", "Hope Emerson (Ma Tarbet)", "Taylor Holmes (Theodosius Roberts)", "Peggy Knudsen (Cora)", "James Burke (Jeb Bassett)", "Percy Helton ('Scamper' Joad)", "Philip Van Zandt (Sheriff Wattling (as Philip van Zandt))", "Francis Pierlot (Moss Balfour)", "Ern\u00f6 Verebes (Professor)", "Paul Lees (Bat Laverne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Smoke and Mirrors.\r\n\r\nCopper Canyon is directed by John Farrow and written by John Latimer. It stars Ray Milland, Hedy Lamarr, Macdonald Carey, Mona Freeman and Harry Carey Junior. Music is by Daniele Amfitheatrof and cinematography by Charles Lang.\r\n\r\nIn the bitter period after the Civil War a band of Confederate veterans hoped to start life anew in the rich copper country of the West. They were prepared for the hardships of nature - but not for the greed of men.\r\n\r\nMuch of this production is beautiful and handsome, tech credits are high end, the Technicolor sizzling, costuming sharp, the locations (Vasquez Rocks/Red Rock Crossing/Cathedral Rock et al) a joy for the eyes. Then of course there's the stars, Milland with his elegant looks, Lamarr cute as a button with blood red lips, and Freeman, a classic beauty if ever there was one. So it's with a touch of sadness to report that prettiness is what you ultimately remember most about the pic.\r\n\r\nStory relies of a filmic Civil War trait that has Yankees and Rebs still feuding post the war, on this occasion the Union people are trying to drive out the Confederates who are trying to make hay (copper) while the sun shines on copper canyon. Enter Milland, who is thought to be an ex Confederate leader now plying his trade as a magician/entertainer/marksman etc. Denying he is the ex soldier in question, he nonetheless gets well and truly involved in things, including courting Lamarr, who may or may not be the axis of the pain brought down on the Confederate miners.\r\n\r\nThe mystery angle involving the principals remains intriguing for the most part, and as old hat as it is, the good guy bad guy shenanigans (Mac Carey of course on chief villain duties) is fun viewing. There's splashes of action, with shootings and chases, the best of the latter unfurling through magnificent scenery, while the big battle at film's end is action packed - even if it is sadly a false dawn since the big face off is a damp squib. But in spite of the beauty and the highlights it still remains a nothing piece, a bit of dressage over substance.\r\n\r\nIt really should have been something more, something other than a pretty play kinda going through the motions. Frustrating. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [138296, 233795, 148847, 145966], "youtube_key": "99YoAaHEv0g"}