{"tmdb_id": 103254, "title": "Cataclysm", "original_title": "Cataclysm", "slug_title": "cataclysm", "date": "1980-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "Police detective, Mitchell, investigating the death of a victim of a Nazi concentration camp discovers a nightclubbing playboy who has strange powers over women and is seemingly ageless.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e8tAa1sSjmAMpHn1YmV61FYrUfU.jpg", "actors": ["Cameron Mitchell (Lt. Sterne)", "Marc Lawrence (Abraham Weiss / Dieter)", "Faith Clift (Claire Hansen)", "Richard Moll (James Hanson)", "Maurice Grandmaison (Papini)", "Robert Bristol (Olivier)", "Klint Stevenson (Jim)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "When I was a teenager, though I wasn't really big on sitcoms (if I watched TV, I primarily enjoyed crime/police/detective stories), I must admit I loved the occasional episode of 'Night Court', though by no means did I watch it enthusiastically or with any regularity. My favourite actor in it was Richard Moll, who had that unique presence of a Richard Kiel, yet was better both in charisma and comic timing.\r\n\r\nA few months ago, I saw a crappy horror portmanteau from the 80's ('Night Train to Terror'), of which directors' Marshak, McGowan and Tallas' segment, 'The Case of Claire Hansen', was by far the most interesting and best realized (thanks to 'Hollie Horror' for the info!), yet in the panoramic jetsam of my mind, in watching 3+ films a day, I wondered why I was getting this strange sense of deja vu. It was neat to see the entire work. Moll's face and voice were very familiar, yet he had a full head of hair (he was bald in 'Night Court', for those who don't remember), and his name was listed as 'Charles Moll' in the credits, so I was a tad confused--perhaps it was a brother?--but it ended up being the same person.\r\n\r\nThe film itself plays upon the same chord as horrific greats from its preceding decade, such as 'The Exorcist', 'The Omen' and 'The Amityville Horror', in which the classic conflict of good vs. evil is fought, and demons from the underworld are its root cause. For a no-budget film, it has a decent sense of atmosphere and mood, interesting actors and cinematography, and a really outstanding climactic scene. The special effects are uneven: Sometimes they are decent, yet sometimes laughingly bad--probably due to having THREE directors involved--usually NOT a good omen for a film, if simply one story is being presented (too many cooks DO spoil the broth, at least cinematically). One exceedingly bad aspect was Faith Clift as the female protagonist, Claire Hansen. Though for her age she was beautiful, her monotone voice was dreadful.\r\n\r\nI recommend the film wholeheartedly and with no reservations, if you like horror films and want a good time some evening for 94 minutes."}], "recommandations_id": [30478, 114619, 29603, 84253], "youtube_key": "notfound"}