{"tmdb_id": 10337, "title": "Bugsy", "original_title": "Bugsy", "slug_title": "bugsy", "date": "1991-12-10", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre b\u00e2ti une solide r\u00e9putation dans la p\u00e8gre new-yorkaise Benjamin Siegel, surnomm\u00e9 Bugsy ne compte pas s'arr\u00eater en si bon chemin et d\u00e9cide d'\u00e9tendre son influence de l'autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 des Etats-Unis \u00e0 Los Angeles. L\u00e0-bas, la folie des grandeurs s'empare de lui et il se retrouve alors derri\u00e8re les barreaux. A sa sortie, son ambition n'en est pas amoindrie pour autant et il d\u00e9cide d'\u00e9difier en plein d\u00e9sert, un casino qui aura pour nom, Las Vegas.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5G74G5xwovCa6V3FoLxQHkrNViR.jpg", "actors": ["Warren Beatty (Ben 'Bugsy' Siegel)", "Annette Bening (Virginia Hill)", "Harvey Keitel (Mickey Cohen)", "Ben Kingsley (Meyer Lansky)", "Elliott Gould (Harry Greenberg)", "Joe Mantegna (George Raft)", "Bebe Neuwirth (Countess di Frasso)", "Bill Graham (Charles \"Lucky\" Luciano)", "Lewis Van Bergen (Joe Adonis)", "Wendy Phillips (Esta Siegel)", "Richard C. Sarafian (Jack Dragna)", "Karen Russell (Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Benjamin Siegel.\r\n\r\nBugsy is directed by Barry Levinson and written by James Toback. It stars Warren Beatty, Annette Benning, Harvey Keitel, Ben Kingsley, Elliott Gould and Joe Mantegna. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Allen Daviau. Film is a biography adaptation of Benjamin Bugsy Siegel, a notorious American mobster who rose to prominence in the 30s and 40s.\r\n\r\nBarry Levinson\u2019s epic film didn\u2019t turn out to be the mobster film many had hoped for. There was great anticipation that this would be Levinson\u2019s Goodfellas. What ultimately came to pass was a film of epic scope and detail, alive not with violence and mobster edginess, but of romanticism, of visionary peccadilloes and of folly. This is both a blessing and a curse, for Levinson seems to be caught in two minds between being respectful to his main characterisation, or unleashing the beast as we know it.\r\n\r\nStory concerns itself with Siegel being sent to tidy up West Coast operations, from where he would fall in love with starlet Virginia Hill and become one of the most prominent names in Hollywood of the 40s. Whilst the pic has moments where Siegel seethes and teeters on the edge of murderous rage, much of the history here is scratchy to say the least, where again Levinson and Toback ignore just what a nasty piece of work Siegel was in real life, and instead put dreamy ideals and hot to trot passions in instead.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s all perfectly mounted, this is very good film making, it just always seems to be on the periphery of making a telling contribution to the Siegel legacy on film. Beatty is dandy and ever watchable, but this is not a Bugsy Siegel we can identify with, rendering an air of falseness to the story telling. The support cast are strong, though Mantegna as George Raft is miscast, but the likes of Kingsley and Gould make telling contributions with only morsels to feed off of from the screenwriter.\r\n\r\nIn its longest form it runs at two and half hours, and it\u2019s testament to the film maker's craft that it always maintains interest. Yet the various splinters trying to dovetail into one never quite make it and that\u2019s a shame. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11062, 287, 28176, 12518], "youtube_key": "Bs296PVx01E"}