{"tmdb_id": 103396, "title": "Les SS frappent la nuit", "original_title": "Nachts, wenn der Teufel kam", "slug_title": "les-ss-frappent-la-nuit", "date": "1957-09-19", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Hambourg, en 1944, la serveuse d'une auberge est sauvagement assassin\u00e9e. Les soup\u00e7ons se portent rapidement sur le soldat Keun. L'inspecteur Kerstein ne le croit pas cependant coupable et tente de d\u00e9couvrir le meurtrier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tsHowJxd03ACIxU97fhvz0Pf71B.jpg", "actors": ["Claus Holm (Kommissar Axel Kersten)", "Annemarie D\u00fcringer (Helga Hornung)", "Mario Adorf (Bruno L\u00fcdke)", "Hannes Messemer (SS-Gruppenf\u00fchrer Rossdorf)", "Carl Lange (Major Thomas Wollenberg)", "Werner Peters (Willi Keun)", "Walter Janssen (Kriminalrat Boehm)", "Peter Carsten (Mollwitz)", "Monika John (Kellnerin Lucy Hansen)", "Karl-Heinz Peters (Luftschutzwart)", "Lukas Ammann (Pflichtverteidiger)", "Ernst Fritz F\u00fcrbringer (Landgerichtsdirektor Dr. Schleffien)", "Georg Lehn (Kriminalassistent Bruehl)", "Else Quecke (Frau Lehmann)", "Trude Breitschopf (Scharf\u00fchrerin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Serial Killer - Nazis - Same Thing!\r\n\r\nNachts, wenn der Teufel kam is directed by Robert Siodmak and written by Will Berthold (article) and Werner J\u00f6rg L\u00fcddecke. It stars Claus Holm, Annemarie D\u00fcringer, Mario Adorf, Hannes Messemer, Carl Lange and Werner Peters. Music is by Siegfried Franz and cinematography by Georg Krause.\r\n\r\nA serial killer is terrorising Hamburg, Germany, during World War II. When the local police struggle to catch him, the Gestapo are brought in to crack the case.\r\n\r\nThe basis for the story is that of real life serial killer Bruno L\u00fcdke, here played by Adorf. Yet this is only a side-bar to the actuality of Siodmak's film, for it's a clinical deconstruction of Nazi Germany at the time, a look at the final throes of that regime. It shows how the corrupt powers would do anything to not make their government look bad, with orders even coming from Adolf himself! It's all very fascinating and potent, and well performed. There's some nice visual touches via the night sequences, though you reasonably expect to have more from Siodmak, a fine purveyor of expressionism and noir chiaroscuro. There's some contrivances and a couple of badly staged action sequences, but this remains a tough political drama with mystery shadings. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42836, 126644, 86379, 172472]}