{"tmdb_id": 10345, "title": "Chien de flic", "original_title": "K-9", "slug_title": "chien-de-flic", "date": "1989-04-28", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "L'Inspecteur Mike Dooley doit contre son gr\u00e9 faire \u00e9quipe avec un partenaire original : Jerry Lee, un berger allemand. Cette association se poursuit bien au-del\u00e0 du simple cadre du travail...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/32SHBYaYkAnQTe7ysQSF6urh4J3.jpg", "actors": ["James Belushi (Dooley)", "Mel Harris (Tracy)", "Kevin Tighe (Lyman)", "Ed O'Neill (Brannigan)", "Rando (Jerry Lee)", "Daniel Davis (Halstead)", "Cotter Smith (Gilliam)", "John Snyder (Freddie)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Benny the Mule)", "James Handy (Byers)", "John Castellanos (Man in Rolls Royce)", "Sherman Howard (Dillon)", "Jeff Allin (Chad)", "Jerry Levine (Ernie)", "Gary Combs (Sculley)", "David Haskell (Doctor)", "Alan Blumenfeld (Rental Salesman)", "William Sadler (Salesman Don)", "Marjorie Bransfield (Receptionist)", "Rick Cicetti (Waiter)", "Dan Castellaneta (Maitre D')", "Wendel Meldrum (Girl with Dog)", "Colleen Morris (Woman in Rolls Royce)", "Mark Mooring (Cop)", "McKeiver Jones III (Sergeant)", "J.W. Smith (Pimp)", "Dean Hill (Butler)", "Steve Artiaga (Latino Employee)", "Lucy Butler (Nurse)", "Vic Cuccia (Security Guard)", "Ralph Elias (Officer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The super cop and James Belushi!\r\n\r\nPursuing crime boss Lyman, maverick cop Dooley is tipped over the edge when a false lead ends up with an attempt on his life. Determined to finally get his man, Dooley enlists the help of a police dog called Jerry Lee (The Killer) to hopefully sniff out the drugs that he knows Lyman is involved in. Trouble is is that Dooley has no idea how to treat a dog and Jerry Lee is more of a maverick cop than he is!\r\n\r\nGiven its low rating, it's hard to know what sort of film the critics and general movie watching public were expecting with this one. Since a buddy buddy cop movie staring James Belushi and a German Shepherd Dog doesn't say anything other than the film we actually get. By the time of K-9's release it was evident what sort of film would be Belushi's staple money earner, the kind that called for him to play the cocky quipper with a glint in his eye. Belushi would try to abandon his buffoonery roles post Curly Sue (who could blame him after that mess really?), and attempt to be a more dramatic action type actor. It wouldn't work, his excellent performances in Oliver Stone's Salvador and The Principal (the latter also criminally undervalued) were long behind him. So you hear the name James Belushi in relation to films and you by and large think larking about action comedies. Coming a year after Red Heat (it looks like Belushi is wearing the same suit from that film in this one!), K-9 delivers exactly what it screamed out it would from the off.\r\n\r\nTechnically the film has very few things to recommend, but as a family friendly action comedy it has much to laud. The interplay between man and dog is great fun, they are both members of the animal kingdom, they both got needs and they are both great cops. Yes we are never in any doubt that after a troubled start, this pairing are going to become firm friends, and that ultimately, by hook, crook and paw, they will get the job done. Belushi has a nice line in facial comedy and he also never comes up short in delivering quips with panache, and a confidence that often belies the trouble his characters are often in. The dog too is hilarious (hats of to animal handler Robert Zides). Courtesy of writers Steven Siegel & Scott Myers, this is a dog that eats chili and wants to vie with Dooley for Tracy's affections (Mel Harris as Dooley's frustrated girlfriend). It makes for a number of funny set-ups that both man and beast revel at being involved in. Kevin Tighe as villain Lyman is a touch under written, and the obligatory emotional heart tugger moment now looks like over egging the formula pudding. But this is harmless witty fun that gets in and does its job without proclaiming to be anything other than what it is. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [41586, 47354, 9876, 11894]}