{"tmdb_id": 10342, "title": "Mrs. Tingle", "original_title": "Teaching Mrs. Tingle", "slug_title": "mrs-tingle", "date": "1999-08-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Pour b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier de la bourse qui lui permettra de continuer ses \u00e9tudes, Leigh Ann Watson a juste besoin d'un A en histoire. Mais voila, son professeur, une certaine Mrs Tingle, terrorise les \u00e9l\u00e8ves de Grandsboro High depuis vingt ans. Et pour comble de malchance Leigh Ann et deux de ses amis, faussement accuses de tricherie, doivent prouver leur innocence. Pour se sortir de cette situation d\u00e9licate, il leur faudra se montrer plus malins que Mrs Tingle, en utilisant les r\u00e8gles qu'elle a \u00e9dict\u00e9es.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k71Iol7zNzGARDvuC7s1kywEqqW.jpg", "actors": ["Helen Mirren (Mrs. Eve Tingle)", "Katie Holmes (Leigh Ann Watson)", "Jeffrey Tambor (Coach 'Spanky' Wenchell)", "Molly Ringwald (Miss Banks)", "Vivica A. Fox (Miss Gold)", "Marisa Coughlan (Jo Lynn Jordan)", "Barry Watson (Luke Churner)", "Michael McKean (Principal Potter)", "Liz Stauber (Trudie Tucker)", "John Patrick White (Brian Berry)", "Robert Gant (Professor)", "Harvey Silver (Roger)", "Lesley Ann Warren (Faye Watson (uncredited))", "Cherie Johnson (Student (uncredited))", "Alan Heitz (Student (uncredited))", "Brian Klugman (Student (uncredited))", "Dayna Price (Valedictorian Candidate (uncredited))", "Frank Welker ((voice))", "Stephen Apostolina (Voice Cast (voice))", "David Cowgill (Voice Cast (voice))", "Edie Mirman (Voice Cast (voice))", "Frank Welker (Voice Cast (voice))", "Philece Sampler (Voice Cast (voice))", "Richard Steven Horvitz (Voice Cast (voice))", "Matthew Laborteaux (Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Caught between its aims?\r\n\r\nThree students get more than they bargained for when a theft of a test results paper leads to a deadly battle of wills with their kidnapped teacher, Mrs. Tingle.\r\n\r\nIt seems to me that director and writer, Kevin Wiliamson, got confused as to which direction the film should go in. At times it's jaunty when the scene appears to call for menace, and at others just plain boring if the scene was meant to be actually funny (in that sarcastic, almost satirical way). The film could have worked at either being a comedy or a thriller, but the fusion of the two just doesn't work, and this failing has to fall at Williamson's door, it's as if Scream was all a fluke after all? The cast struggle with the meanderingly dull screenplay, only the stoic (and sexy) Helen Mirren salvaging any sort of dignity by realising early on that the core of the film calls for deft nastiness instead of outright villainy.\r\n\r\nPoor and practically unwatchable these days. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": [6020, 10642, 9424, 6552]}