{"tmdb_id": 103620, "title": "Maniac", "original_title": "Maniac", "slug_title": "maniac", "date": "2012-12-26", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans les rues qu'on croyait tranquilles, un tueur en s\u00e9rie en qu\u00eate de scalps se remet en chasse. Frank est le timide propri\u00e9taire d'une boutique de mannequins. Sa vie prend un nouveau tournant quand Anna, une jeune artiste, vient lui demander de l'aide pour sa nouvelle exposition. Alors que leurs liens se font plus forts, Frank commence \u00e0 d\u00e9velopper une v\u00e9ritable obsession pour la jeune fille. Au point de donner libre cours \u00e0 une pulsion trop longtemps r\u00e9fr\u00e9n\u00e9e - celle qui le pousse \u00e0 traquer pour tuer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/brRn4WohLO8PCV5PEyuQ2rLzNPL.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Frank)", "America Olivo (Frank's Mother)", "Nora Arnezeder (Anna)", "Zoe Aggeliki (Jenna)", "Jan Broberg (Rita)", "Joshua De La Garza (Martin)", "Dan Hunter (Nick)", "Genevieve Alexandra (Jessica)", "Liane Balaban (Judy)", "Megan Duffy (Lucie)", "Luis Fernandez-Gil (Waiter)", "Aaron Colom (Alley Man)", "Akbar Kurtha (Pharmacist)", "Sal Landi (Police Chief)", "D\u00e9l\u00e9 Ogundiran (Policewoman)", "Bryan Lugo (Officer Burton)", "Ron Reznik (Officer Norton)", "Devra Korwin (Saleswoman)", "Steffinnie Phrommany (Clubber Girl)", "Mike McCarty (Puppeteer)", "Brian Ames (80's Man)", "Patrick Orr (80's Man)", "Mic Rodgers (Old Man)", "Sammi Rotibi (Jason)", "Rochelle Rudolph (Dancer)", "Lauren Emily Vaughan (Dancer)", "Steven James Williams (Frank 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mannequinac!\r\n\r\nHaving not seen the original film that this is a remake of, I have no frame of reference. Entering into it oblivious to any sort of bias or guideline, this Maniac proves to be a nifty shocker, one that is not without style even as it puts churnings in your stomach.\r\n\r\nIt's the stylings that I imagine have upset a lot of horror fans, the first person approach and avant-garde sheens strip the pic of genuine suspense. Yet it's a brave film in that respect, as is the casting of Elijah Wood as the titular maniac.\r\n\r\nStory is hardly original, boy had major mommy issues to deal with and has grown up disturbed. He has taken a career creating mannequins, but with real lady hair! Cue a bloody rampage of scalping - but wait! A pretty lady photographer has befriended him...\r\n\r\nSo it is what it is, a film that's grotty in narrative thrusts, yet one that's plush of cityscape photography and POV daring. An odd blend for sure, so it goes without saying, all these things need to be of interest to the viewer for it to butter your bloody sandwich. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25983, 46420, 27346, 84194]}