{"tmdb_id": 103740, "title": "Au-del\u00e0 des collines", "original_title": "Dup\u0103 dealuri", "slug_title": "au-dela-des-collines", "date": "2012-09-12", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Alina revient d'Allemagne pour y emmener Voichita, la seule personne qu'elle ait jamais aim\u00e9e et qui l'ait jamais aim\u00e9e. Mais Voichita a rencontr\u00e9 Dieu et en amour, il est bien difficile d'avoir Dieu comme rival.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qNZfZInwmTsa4jXd0jD7jOzEaup.jpg", "actors": ["Cosmina Stratan (Voichita)", "Cristina Flutur (Alina)", "Valeriu Andriuta (Priest)", "Dana Tapalaga (Mother superior)", "Catalina Harabagiu (Antonia)", "Gina Tandura (nun Iustina)", "Vica Agache (nun Elisabeta)", "Nora Covali ()", "Lumini\u021ba Gheorghiu (Schoolteacher)", "Dionisie Vitcu (Mr. Valerica)", "Ionut Ghinea (Ionut)", "Liliana Mocanu (mother Elena)", "Doru Ana (Father Nusu)", "Costache Babii (Doctor Solovastru)", "Alina Berzunteanu (doctor Radu)", "Teodor Corban (Police inspector)", "Calin Chirila (Policeman)", "Cristina Cristian (Camelia)", "Tania Popa (Female parishoner)", "Petronela Grigorescu (doctor Neagu)", "Radu Zetu (Lieutenant)", "Ion Sapdaru (Captain)", "Diana Chirila Ignat (A secretary)", "Liana Petrescu (sister Arcadia)", "Alexandra Agavriloaiei (sister Eudoxia)", "Alexandra Apetrei (sister Tatiana)", "Noemi Gunea (Sister Lavrentia)", "Katia Pascariu (Nun Sevastiana)", "Mara Carutasu (sister Anastasia)", "Cristina Mihailescu (Pharmacist)", "Cerasela Iosifescu (doctor D.L.)", "Ada Barleanu (nurse Gina)", "Mariana Liurca (nurse Sandra)", "Gheorghe Ifrim (Ambulance assistant)", "Mircea Florin Jr. (Watchman)", "Marian Adochitei (Gabi)", "Ecaterina Tugulea (Head nurse)", "Nicoleta Lefter (A patient)", "Andreea Bosneag (Georgiana)", "Adrian Acuta (Man at the wheel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Between faith and winning a heart back.\r\n\r\nThis is my second Romanian movie in 3 weeks to review in WCA. And both of them were the Oscars sent movie that never made into the final stage. My Romanian movie count is not exceeded to double digit, but I think now I started to like them and hoping to watch many more in the days to come. This movie was less expected by me, well, I was delaying it for some times, eventually finished it with highly satisfied.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of the Golden Globe Nominee movie '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days' brings the story of two young women who were once abused when in orphanage that led them to bond closely before going their separate ways after leaving the place. One of them returns from working in Germany to win another's heart back who has now found a place in a convent. How the things work out between them, with their new life and the past attachment that affect not only them but entire convent.\r\n\r\nIf 'Ida' made into the Oscars, I don't know why this one failed to make. Both of them were kind of similar, about the characters who were caught between the faith and emotion. One's true commitment to the faith is tested with the unexpected encounter with the desires. Is the religion too innocence in the modern world? While the human civilisation shifting its phase to the next stage, the 2000 years old belief is struggling to pull together. In that platform this movie was narrated a wonderful story.\r\n\r\n> \"Continuity is essential in our spiritual realm.\r\n> You can't stop for a break when you feel like it.\"\r\n\r\nThe tale was quite clearly displayed when one has to choose between two, even knowing what the reality is, but fixed with their devoted mind on one. Maybe like coming from the orphanage, knowing all the struggles about life, this is the way they pledged to help the society. In the perspective of hardcore believers, the movie might be a little hurtful, but nothing serious offensive. It was just a movie, and sometimes it was a dark comedy that was not intended, but anyway I had a few good laughs.\r\n\r\nI am really happy for the movie, I won't consider it an outcry about religious cruelty. Unlike hospitals that legally runs performances, while a monastery like this raises a few questions within its practice that performed against someone's will. After all it was inspired by the real even that took place in the 2005 and mostly factual than fiction.\r\n\r\nThis was set in the present time, but most of the movie shot in a convent just outskirt of a city, so gives the feel of the 60s, 70s or earlier to that. Because their lifestyle that disconnects from the rest of the world, including their financial struggle. An ideal location for the story and its title. Shot in two different seasons similar to change in the phase and pace of the tale to the intensified conclusion. I loved everyone's performance. Definitely it is not in the line of 'Spotlight', but you can't ignore where the movie is pointing out on what went wrong. In my opinion, it is a must see and surely suggest it for all, well, mostly adults for its sensitiveness.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31032, 26191, 2009, 11489]}