{"tmdb_id": 10375, "title": "Compte \u00e0 rebours mortel", "original_title": "D-Tox", "slug_title": "compte-a-rebours-mortel", "date": "2002-01-04", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Jake Malloy, un agent du FBI, n'est plus que l'ombre de lui-m\u00eame. Alors qu'il s'appr\u00eatait \u00e0 \u00e9pouser sa compagne Mary, celle-ci a trouv\u00e9 la mort, victime d'un tueur de flics. Ce geste gratuit restera \u00e0 jamais ancr\u00e9 dans la m\u00e9moire de Jake.Plusieurs mois s'\u00e9coulent, le policier sombre dans l'alcoolisme et veut mettre fin \u00e0 ses souffrances en se suicidant. Son coll\u00e8gue Hendricks l'envoie alors dans un centre de d\u00e9sintoxication, appel\u00e9 D-Tox, afin qu'il reprenne go\u00fbt \u00e0 la vie. Ce centre, situ\u00e9 au coeur des r\u00e9gions montagneuses du Wyoming, est uniquement occup\u00e9 par des policiers en d\u00e9pression.Cependant, une mal\u00e9diction poursuit Jake et frappe de nouveau dans son entourage. Tandis qu'un terrible blizzard s'abat sur la r\u00e9gion, un patient est assassin\u00e9, bient\u00f4t suivi d'un second. Le tueur de flics se cache parmi eux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fiMHykdFwPF76Xtpl59hRTGo7Kf.jpg", "actors": ["Sylvester Stallone (Jake Malloy)", "Courtney B. Vance (Jones)", "Tom Berenger (Hank)", "Charles S. Dutton (Detective Hendricks)", "Jeffrey Wright (Jaworski)", "Kris Kristofferson ()", "Stephen Lang ()", "Robert Patrick ()", "Sean Patrick Flanery ()", "Dina Meyer ()", "Christopher Fulford ()", "Robert Prosky ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You're real good at kicking them when they're down, aren't you?\r\n\r\nSly Stallone stars as an FBI Agent who turns to drink when the love of his life becomes the victim of a crazed serial killer who has been targeting cops for death. So struck by the tragedy, he is coerced into signing up for a rehab programme at a remote asylum facility, but soon it becomes clear that the serial killer is still in his midst.\r\n\r\nFamously delayed from being released for quite some time, D-Tox is like an itch on Stallone's CV that he will never be able to scratch. In truth it's quite serviceable as a formulaic thriller, but it's so derivative and, yes, dumb, it's hard to recommend with any sort of confidence.\r\n\r\nAny number of thriller films you have probably seen will spring to mind when viewing this, but in short it's like a \"10 Little Indians\" meets \"The Thing\", with a side order of \"Seven\" thrown in for good measure. The first half is actually well built by the makers, establishing Stallone's emotional chaos, his dive into the bottle, and then setting him up in an institution that is frighteningly monolithic in a grey and steely way. His co-patients are all troubled coppers in search of a dry run, and this also sets things up neatly for some rich characterisations, unfortunately it all descends into clich\u00e9 hell and wastes what is a rather superb cast - while Stallone unfortunately shifts from a believable tortured soul into a muscle head with a gun. Cest la vie!\r\n\r\nGood moody atmosphere and some heart jolting deaths keeps the pic on the boil, but ultimately the pandering of the norm renders a promising thriller to being distinctly average. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10461, 10596, 17774, 10167], "youtube_key": "notfound"}