{"tmdb_id": 103731, "title": "Mud - Sur les rives du Mississippi", "original_title": "Mud", "slug_title": "mud-sur-les-rives-du-mississippi", "date": "2013-05-01", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Ellis et Neckbone, 14 ans, d\u00e9couvrent lors d\u2019une de leurs escapades quotidiennes, un homme r\u00e9fugi\u00e9 sur une \u00eele au milieu du Mississipi. C\u2019est Mud: un serpent tatou\u00e9 sur le bras, un flingue et une chemise porte-bonheur. Mud, c\u2019est aussi un homme qui croit en l\u2019amour, une croyance \u00e0 laquelle Ellis a d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment besoin de se raccrocher pour tenter d\u2019oublier les tensions quotidiennes entre ses parents. Tr\u00e8s vite, Mud met les deux adolescents \u00e0 contribution pour r\u00e9parer un bateau qui lui permettra de quitter l\u2019\u00eele. Difficile cependant pour les gar\u00e7ons de d\u00e9celer le vrai du faux dans les paroles de Mud. A-t-il vraiment tu\u00e9 un homme, est-il poursuivi par la justice, par des chasseurs de primes? Et qui est donc cette fille myst\u00e9rieuse qui vient de d\u00e9barquer dans leur petite ville de l\u2019Arkansas ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1QAIjjJCa5N22uvfhmzBb9E2Zgp.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Mud)", "Tye Sheridan (Ellis)", "Jacob Lofland (Neckbone)", "Sam Shepard (Tom Blankenship)", "Reese Witherspoon (Juniper)", "Sarah Paulson (Mary Lee)", "Michael Shannon (Galen)", "Ray McKinnon (Senior)", "Joe Don Baker (King)", "Paul Sparks (Carver)", "Stuart Greer (Miller)", "Michael Abbott Jr. (James)", "Bonnie Sturdivant (May Pearl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "To love or not love in Arkansas along the Mississippi\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2012-2013 and written & directed by Jeff Nichols, \u201cMud\u201d is a southern gothic crime drama taking place in Arkansas along the Mississippi River where two boys discover a fugitive named Mud (Matthew McConaughey) hiding out on an island and decide to help him evade the authorities & vigilantes that are on his trail in hope of reuniting him with his true love, Juniper (Reese Witherspoon).   \r\n\r\nThis is a film about authentic Southern people and the code by which they live. Urbanized types usually refer to them as \u201crednecks.\u201d While some of them may be \u201cwhite trash,\u201d most of them are not. They\u2019re independent of the government, hardworking and respectful citizens, not to mention rooted in Christian morality, although not necessarily Christians. The film respects the intelligence of the viewer, leaving it to him/her to read between the lines. It\u2019s similar to \u201cJoe,\u201d which was released a year later, but not as abrasively pessimistic and is overall better. In tone, it\u2019s akin to \u201cUndertow\u201d (2004) and \u201cSnow Angels\u201d (2007). If you appreciate those flicks, you\u2019ll like \u201cMud.\u201d \r\n\r\nThere are a lot of gems to mine: Ellis (Tye Sheridan) mirrors Mud as an adolescent. Will he make the same mistakes that brought Mud to his current state? The movie\u2019s basically a rumination on the potential in both masculinity and femininity for good or bad, but the focus is more on the toxicity of some women, which is refreshing, as Hollywood tends to paint men as evil incarnate or thoroughly inept while women are usually sterling examples of eminent nobility (Why Sure!). The film also reveals the idealization of love and how \u201clove is blind.\u201d Just because you truly love someone in a romantic sense doesn\u2019t mean s/he is good for you and that you should develop & maintain a relationship. \r\n\r\nI was never a fan of Witherspoon, but didn\u2019t dislike her either. In any case, she\u2019s quite good as the seemingly innocent-yet-toxic love interest. Bonnie Sturdivant is excellent as her teenage counterpart, May Pearl; they should\u2019ve done more with her.             \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hour 10 minutes and was shot in Arkansas (Crocketts Bluff, Eudora, Dumas and Stuttgart). ADDITIONAL CAST: Sam Shepard, Michael Shannon, Paul Sparks and Joe Don Baker. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [64720, 73567, 64689, 157847]}