{"tmdb_id": 10384, "title": "Supernova", "original_title": "Supernova", "slug_title": "supernova", "date": "2000-01-14", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Au XXIIe si\u00e8cle, le vaisseau \"Nightingale 229\" traverse le cosmos. A son bord, le capitaine AJ Marley, le copilote Nick Vanzant, le docteur Kaela Evers et l'informaticien Benji Sotomejor. Ayant re\u00e7u un signal de d\u00e9tresse, ils changent de trajectoire et se retrouvent au milieu d'un orage magn\u00e9tique provoque par une \u00e9toile sur le point d'exploser. La survie s'organise rapidement, car le vaisseau doit repartir avant que l'\u00e9toile ne se transforme en supernova.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xSw9HKPKwFx63p2puHQkxcmCVia.jpg", "actors": ["James Spader (Nick Vanzant)", "Angela Bassett (Dr. Kaela Evers)", "Robert Forster (A.J. Marley)", "Lou Diamond Phillips (Yerzy Penalosa)", "Peter Facinelli (Karl Larson)", "Robin Tunney (Danika Lund)", "Wilson Cruz (Benj Sotomejor)", "Eddy Rice Jr. (Flyboy)", "Knox White (Troy Larson)", "Kerrigan Mahan (Troy Larson (voice))", "Vanessa Marshall (Sweetie (voice))", "Kevin Sizemore (Rescue Leader (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Heal thyself, doctor.\r\n\r\nThe back story to Supernova is actually more interesting than the studio cut of the film that is available to view. Director's coming and going, one (Walter Hill) taking his name off the credits, butchery by studio interference, different endings, different planned thematics, shelved for two years and etc. Supernova was a messy production and sadly it shows, making Walter Hill's original cut (unavailable) the Magnificent Ambersons of the sci-fi genre.\r\n\r\nPlot, in the skew-whiff edited version we are fed here, is basically a riff on Ridley Scott's Alien. Space dudes up in space take on board a too good to be true hitch-hiker dude, which is a bad idea. Sadly it's all very dull, yet strangely you can see that in amongst the mess, and the often used diversion tactic of Robin Tunney's breasts, there was a very good film here. Brains and effects work to light up the screen, some sexy sizzle marrying up to the tension up there in the galaxy, James Spader on wonderfully broody and heroically damaged form, and some belting deleted scenes on the DVD. But, it's not to be, so the studio should be ashamed of themselves, even if it isn't quite the ultimate stinker it has been painted as. But! Super it is not, in any shape or form. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [8870, 4965, 10547, 9423], "youtube_key": "ZUdy0Cu3f_o"}