{"tmdb_id": 10398, "title": "Double jeu", "original_title": "Double Jeopardy", "slug_title": "double-jeu", "date": "1999-09-24", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "La vie idyllique de Libby Parsons se brise lorsque son mari, Nick, est assassin\u00e9 en pleine mer sous ses yeux. Les circonstances accusent la jeune femme, qui est condamn\u00e9e \u00e0 la prison a perp\u00e9tuit\u00e9. De sa cellule, elle apprend que son fils a disparu et que Nick n'est pas mort.Six ans plus tard, elle obtient une lib\u00e9ration conditionnelle. Malgr\u00e9 la surveillance ardue du contr\u00f4leur judiciaire Travis Lehman, elle parvient \u00e0 dispara\u00eetre dans la nature, bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 retrouver son enfant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cxS2JoDd70dwJQeECzDFSrv2L8h.jpg", "actors": ["Tommy Lee Jones (Travis Lehman)", "Ashley Judd (Elizabeth \"Libby\" Parsons)", "Bruce Greenwood (Nicholas \"Nick\" Parsons / Jonathan Devereaux)", "Annabeth Gish (Angela \"Angie\" Green)", "Benjamin Weir (Matty Parsons - Age 4)", "Spencer Treat Clark (Matty Parsons - Age 11)", "Roma Maffia (Margaret Skolowski)", "Jay Brazeau (Bobby Long)", "John Maclaren (Rudy)", "Tracy Vilar (Orbe)", "George Gordon (Emergency Room Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a movie that we got a very long time ago when we still purchased a paper TV-magazine to know what was on TV every night. The last couple of years when we did that we frequently got a DVD as a \u201cbonus\u201d with it and this is one of those. According to my movie collection database we have had it since 2008 and last evening we finally got around watching it.\r\n\r\nThis is a quite okay movie. It will not blow your socks off but it is fairly okay and worth watching. It is a nice thriller/fugitive style movie to watch on a middle-of-the-week evening. I would probably not have been impressed had I gone to a theater to watch it but watching it as a TV-movie it was quite enjoyable. There are the usual silly moments that tend to be in these kinds of movies of course, starting with the stupid wife who just has to pick up the bloody knife just before the police arrives. Why do all (most) script writers have to put that crap into every movie?\r\n\r\nI do generally like Tommy Lee Jones even though he tends to look and act pretty much the same no matter which movie he is in. I guess I like stability. The plot is okay. It is a fairly conventional husband frames wife, wife goes after husband kind of story and does not really provide any surprises.\r\n\r\nOne thing that caught my attention was that the car dealer apparently could do a credit check on a woman that was, as was found out later in the movie, dead since three years. I think someone missed the QA-checking of the script in terms of credibility there but then, as I said, the movie will not blow your socks of and the plot is fairly standard Hollywood fare with the usual silly stuff in it."}], "recommandations_id": [9437, 10731, 178, 11560]}