{"tmdb_id": 10394, "title": "Gangster No. 1", "original_title": "Gangster No. 1", "slug_title": "gangster-no-1", "date": "2000-06-09", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "De nos jours \u00e0 Londres, le d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Gangster, un gros bonnet de la p\u00e8gre, m\u00e8ne une vie paisible jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 il apprend la sortie imminente de prison de son mentor et rival, Freddie Mayes. Son pass\u00e9 refait alors surface. Dans les ann\u00e9es soixante, Gangster, alors jeune loup ambitieux, travaillait pour le compte de Freddie Mays, le boucher de Mayfair. Son job lui plaisait : il aimait l'argent, les filles, les beaux v\u00eatements, le pouvoir et la violence. Il convoitait la place de son chef. Cette envie allait bient\u00f4t engendrer une violente trahison qui les conduira \u00e0 se livrer une lutte sans merci.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gIQUVBPM9ehCelrjQEdKX29AaCT.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Bettany (Younger Gangster)", "Malcolm McDowell (Gangster 55)", "David Thewlis (Freddie Mays)", "Jamie Foreman (Lenny Taylor)", "Saffron Burrows (Karen)", "Kenneth Cranham (Tommy)", "Eddie Marsan (Eddie Miller)", "Andrew Lincoln (Maxie King)", "Doug Allen (Mad John)", "Razaaq Adoti (Roland)", "Johnny Harris (Derek)", "Cavan Clerkin (Billy)", "Anton Saunders (Trevor)", "Jack Pierce (Jack the Lad)", "Lorraine Stanley (Attacker's Friend)", "David Kennedy (Fat Charlie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Look into my eyes!\r\n\r\n\r\nGangster No. 1 is directed by Paul McGuigan and written by Johnny Ferguson, Louis Mellis and David Scinto. It stars David Thewlis, Paul Bettany, Malcolm McDowell, Saffron Burrows, Kenneth Cranham, Jamie Foreman and Eddie Marsan. Music is by John Dankworth and cinematography by Peter Sova. \r\n\r\nGangster 55 (McDowell/Bettany as the younger version) looks back on his brutal life, on how he became a gangster... \r\n\r\nThe British gangster genre of film was gathering apace in 2000. Guy Ritchie's Snatch would wow critics later in the year, while Ben Kingsley's ferocious turn in Sexy Beast (David Scinto and Louis Mellis co-write on that as well) would even get an Oscar nomination, yet Gangster No. 1 is the equal of both films but still doesn't have the acclaim afforded the others - undeservedly so. \r\n\r\nPredominantly set in the late 60s, with period flavours strong, pic doesn't pull its punches, and yet it is never over gratuitous with the violence and mania (but you do feel it big time) that surrounds Gangster 55 (Bettany brilliantly feral and frightening). It's with the characterisations where McGuigan's film gets its strength, we witness greed, blood lust and the yearning of power via chilling portrayals, set to the back drop of a scuzzy London underworld where even the vermin don't dare to dwell. This is a film not wanting to be loved thematically, but the top performances across the board and pic's ability to grab you by the throat - to not let go - makes it a rip-snorting slice of evil. Essential for those interested in the British gangster film revival of the noughties. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5145, 10381, 9519, 25476], "youtube_key": "GHH7Mm6xviE"}