{"tmdb_id": 104161, "title": "Pinay Pie", "original_title": "Pinay Pie", "slug_title": "pinay-pie", "date": "2003-09-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A funny story about three female friends. Karen is the smart and fashionable one among the three. Love is the cousin of Karen. She works in the cosmetics section of a department store, and dreams of becoming a beauty queen someday. Yolly is the businesswoman of the group. She is into the buy and sell business. The story runs when Love joins a beauty contest, where they find out that her roommate, Greta, is the new girlfriend of Karen's philandering boyfriend, Artie, and is also the god brother of Yolly's policeman boyfriend, SPO Pablito, who dumped her.  Karen, Love and Yolly tire out all their efforts for Love to win the contest and teach their ex-boyfriends a valuable lesson.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g3uRXKcGlR8ZY2kUSDMkENQ7dXm.jpg", "actors": ["Joyce Jimenez (Karen)", "Assunta de Rossi (Love)", "Ai-Ai de las Alas (Yolly)", "Vhong Navarro (Butch)", "Onemig Bondoc (Elmo)", "Carlos Agassi (SPO Pablito)", "Rafael Rosell (Artie)", "Jenny Miller (Greta)", "Brad Turvey (Jason)", "Edward Mendez (Jonas)", "Berting Labra (Erning)", "Tiya Pusit (Tarcing)", "Carlo Maceda (George Collins)", "Manny Casta\u00f1eda (Edward Lucero)", "Vangie Labalan (Ursula)", "Dustin Reyes (Cocoy)", "Pinky Amador (Kelly)", "Kimberly Diaz (Jane)", "Donnah Alcantarah (Carly)", "Raquel Villavicencio (Magda)", "Madeleine Nicolas (Salud)", "Dale Villar (Pageant Host)", "Gilleth Sandico (Vangie)", "Jessette Prospero (Mrs. Corpuz)", "Cacai Bautista (News Reporter)", "George Lim (Judge 1)", "Terry Baylosis (Judge 2)", "Gigi Locsin (Judge 4)", "Lani Tapia (Elvie - Karen's maid)", "Ruby Solmerano (Rhodora - Artie's maid)", "Ruby Solmerano (Tow Truck Driver)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}