{"tmdb_id": 10423, "title": "Dragon, l'histoire de Bruce Lee", "original_title": "Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story", "slug_title": "dragon-l-histoire-de-bruce-lee", "date": "1993-05-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "A travers les souvenirs et l'amour que lui porta sa femme, \u00e9vocation de la vie et de la carri\u00e8re de Bruce Lee.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/stW5e1K9Zqjryy51A48nmCfG15P.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Scott Lee (Bruce Lee)", "Lauren Holly (Linda Lee)", "Robert Wagner (Bill Krieger)", "Michael Learned (Vivian Emery)", "Nancy Kwan (Gussie Yang)", "Lim Kay Tong (Philip Tan)", "Ric Young (Bruce's Father)", "Luoyong Wang (Yip Man)", "Sterling Macer Jr (Jerome Sprout)", "Sven-Ole Thorsen (The Demon)", "Ong Soo Han (Luke Sun)", "Eric Bruskotter (Joe Henderson)", "Aki Aleong (Principal Elder)", "Chao Li Chi (Elder)", "Sam Hau (Young Bruce)", "Iain M. Parker (Brandon Lee)", "Michelle Tennant (Shannon Lee)", "Clyde Kusatsu (History Teacher)", "Alicia Tao (April Chun)", "Kong Kwong-Keung (Mr. Ho)", "John Cheung (Chef)", "Anthony Carpio (Chef)", "Chan Tat-Kwong (Chef)", "John Lacy (Nunnemacher)", "Harry Stanback (Benny Sayles)", "Michael Cudlitz (Tad Overton)", "Forry Smith (Green Hornet)", "Sean Stanek (Assistant Director)", "Van Williams (Green Hornet Director)", "Alan Eugster (Propman)", "Paul Raci (Bad Guy)", "Ed Parker Jr. (Ed Parker)", "Shannon Lee (Party Singer)", "Robert Garrett (Krieger's Butler)", "Lala Sloatman (Sherry Schnell)", "Fu Suk Han (Cha Cha Dancer)", "Nick Brandon (Boatswain)", "Louis Turenne (Maitre D')", "Paul Mantee (Doctor)", "Jonathan Penner (Studio Executive)", "Jan Solomita (Heckler)", "Shannon Uno (Heckler)", "Rob Cohen (Enter The Dragon Director)", "Pamela Holt (Head Cheerleader (uncredited))", "Mark King (Boatswain (uncredited))", "Johnny Mask (Party Dancer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A celebration of the inimitable Bruce Lee and what he represented\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1993 and directed by Rob Cohen, \" Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story\" stars Jason Scott Lee as the martial arts superstar, tracing his early life in Hong Kong to his fresh start in the San Francisco area where he starts a martial arts school, meets his babe (Lauren Holly) and moves on to TV and Film. He must boldly face many enemies along the way, including his childhood demon. \r\n\r\nThis is basically a rags-to-riches flick and ranks with my favorite films due to its excellent meshing of dynamism, fun and potent drama. I haven\u2019t seen too many martial arts flicks, but \u201cDragon\u201d is easily the all-around best of those I\u2019ve seen. It mixes real-life with Hollywood mythmaking, which is what many cinematic biographies do, e.g. \"Buffalo Bill\" (1944) and \"Braveheart\" (1995). In these types of movies the gist of the story is true, but it's mixed with numerous fictional or even fantastical elements to make the protagonist a larger-than-life hero, but also to entertain the audience because real-life is always more mundane and therefore dull. And movies are made primarily to make money through entertaining, not to relay the truth in exact detail. \r\n\r\nRight from the get-go the film telegraphs that it's a mythmaking account when Bruce takes on the arrogant British sailors at a dance. He throws one of them and the sailor topples 3-4 other men accompanied by the sound of a bowling ball striking pins (lol). While this particular episode never happened, occasions LIKE IT did, even if it was to someone other than Bruce. The same is true with other sequences, like the fight in the gym, which never happened. But, again, events LIKE IT have.   \r\n\r\nThe movie is really meant as a celebration of Bruce Lee, his phenomenal expertise in martial arts and the genre he made popular. If you're looking for an actual biography of his life check out the two biographies listed below (under \u201cWRITERS\u201d). \r\n\r\nSpeaking of which, \u201cDragon\u201d was partially based on the autobiography of Linda Lee Cadwell (Bruce\u2019s wife). Someone offered that she couldn\u2019t possibly have been happy with the film since so much of it is fiction (for instance, Bruce didn\u2019t injure his back as depicted, but via lifting weights). Actually, she was happy with the final picture. But why did she allow so many things to be embellished? Simple: Because the embellishing fed into the Bruce Lee legend from which she benefits.\r\n\r\nIn any case, there are a lot of martial arts thrills mixed with the drama with an exciting action scene occurring roughly every ten minutes. The film gives the protagonist & a few others power over time and space. Of course, one cannot do in real life many of the things these characters perform due to the restrictions imposed by Newton's Laws but, hey, it\u2019s entertaining. This factor explains why \u201cDragon\u201d has been criticized for springing from one thing to the next too quickly, never pausing long enough for any strong emotion to resonate or for us to feel we really know the man beyond his proverbs. I disagree; I sensed strong emotion on several occasions, like when Bruce exclaims to Linda: \u201cYou make be believe I can do anything\u201d or when he wildly screams at her to leave his hospital room, not to mention his outstanding meltdown later in Hong Kong (I\u2019ve had a few of those in my life, so I know).\r\n\r\nSpeaking of Linda, Lauren Holly is just mind-blowing in her physical prime.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours and was shot in California (San Francisco, Los Angeles & Valencia), China (Macau) and Hong Kong. WRITERS: Three screenwriters wrote the script based on the biographies by Linda Lee Cadwell (Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew) and Robert Clouse (Bruce Lee: The Biography).\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [10861, 13333, 9399, 11713]}