{"tmdb_id": 104239, "title": "L'\u00c9den et apr\u00e8s", "original_title": "L'\u00c9den et apr\u00e8s", "slug_title": "l-eden-et-apres", "date": "1970-04-20", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Des \u00e9tudiants se r\u00e9unissent dans un caf\u00e9 o\u00f9 ils s'inventent un monde parall\u00e8le, violent et \u00e9rotique. Un \u00e9tranger se joint \u00e0 eux et conte des r\u00e9cits africains qui les fascinent. Une des jeunes filles, Violette, accepte un rendez-vous nocturne avec ce s\u00e9duisant inconnu. Mais l'heure dite, elle d\u00e9couvre son cadavre. Violette plonge alors dans une r\u00eaverie qui la m\u00e8ne en Tunisie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kcxEqTCN5ymvdsBvym9ea8miTQw.jpg", "actors": ["Catherine Jourdan (Violette)", "Lorraine Rainer (Marie-Eve)", "Sylvain Corthay (Jean-Pierre)", "Richard Leduc (Marc-Antoine)", "Pierre Zimmer (Duchemin)", "Juraj Kukura (Boris)", "Jarmila Kolenicov\u00e1 (Sonia)", "Catherine Robbe-Grillet (Foolish Woman)", "\u013dudov\u00edt Kroner (Franc)", "Eva Luther (Violette's look-a-like)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "\u201ceden and after\u201d can be divided into three sections by location: eden, a factory just outside eden and a coastal middle-eastern region which dominates the film\u2019s second half. eden is a combination nightclub, playpen, piet mondrian installation, and house of mirrors. those outside of eden speculate about the hedonism and crime that goes on within, while the jaded sensualists that haunt the place act out the creative rumors from sheer boredom. they live a life free from responsibility, emotion and truth, occupying most of their time with word association, exotic role-playing games, hallucinogenic drugs and mock funerals. franz, a waiter who \u201cfeigns to be bizarre and ominous\u201d serves drinks.\r\n\r\nthis charmed, but meaningless existence is shattered by the arrival of \u201cthe stranger\u201d from the outside world. violette (catherine jourdan), a short-haired girl from eden, samples his \u201cpowder of fear\u201d and experiences a powerful series of horrifying visions and sensations. she soon emerges as the main character during a terrifying night in the industrial landscape that surrounds eden. when she returns to her living quarters she finds that a valuable abstract painting, her only possession, has been stolen. she journeys to the middle-east to recover it, but finds that so-called reality is a nightmare wonderland far stranger and crueler than her sheltered fantasy-life in eden.\r\nit\u2019s a testament to robbe-grillet\u2019s skill as a provocative surrealist that at times i felt that his allegories were plainly spelled out, but moments later i would be utterly baffled as to the precise meanings. certainly the title and plot have a death of innocence hue, and they work both as a metaphor for the personal transition from home/school to independence/work and for the sixties counter-culture watching its idealism turn trite or grow corrupt. yet this hardly works as a skeleton key for unlocking the full meaning behind the story. besides, much of the film\u2019s magic comes from its mythic spirit-quest delivery that relies more on the emotional and psychological impact of individual images (whether they be upsetting, erotic or just aesthetically intriguing) than on overt metaphors or fables.\r\n\r\none thing i like about \u201ceden and after\u201d is the way that it deals with the nature of reality and abstraction. like many of my favorite directors, robbe-grillet does not draw a clear line between fantasy and reality. however, unlike terry gilliam or jean-pierre jeunet, the audience\u2019s sympathy is not stacked in favor of fantasy through a tacit value system that exalts imagination and novelty. in \u201ctrans-europe-express\u201d and \u201ceden and after\u201d the excursions outside reality are loaded with dark intimations. the opportunity for new possibilities goes hand-in-hand with untold dangers.\r\n\r\nthe director\u2019s ambivalence towards fantasy/reality is quite pronounced. it is not even clear exactly how the central dichotomy (\u201ceden\u201d versus \u201cafter\u201d) is situated. does eden represent a sheltered fantasy world while the outside chaos is reality? maybe the passionless malaise of eden is a metaphor for bourgeois life while the intense escapades that ensue outside are actually the exciting dream-adventures for which the edenites yearn. (at one point a bored russian roulette player wistfully wishes he were playing with real bullets.). either way, eden is no paradise and the external world bears little similarity to our own so it remains difficult to reliably anchor an interpretation.\r\n\r\nthough their meaning is debatable, the relationship between \u201ceden\u201d and \u201cafter\u201d remains the main object of interest for me. some thoughts on it:\r\n\r\nalmost all of the role-playing and story-telling that are played out in the facility have analogues in violette\u2019s outside quest, implying that eden is a training ground or shadow simulation. then there is the hallucinations triggered by the powder of fear, later revealed to be largely accurate glimpses of the future. are we then to suppose that everything \u201cafter\u201d eden is merely a continuation of this drug episode, no more real than the other antics, or is it an honest fulfillment of a predetermined destiny? what are we to make of violette\u2019s beloved abstract painting, which eventually turns out to be a landscape, albeit turned sideways? its theft motivates violette\u2019s extended odyssey and yet she ultimately dismisses it as \u201cthat absurd little painting.\u201d\r\n\r\n\u201ceden and after\u2019s\u201d visual motifs vary throughout the three major settings, but the tone remains consistent. robbe-grillet indulges his fascinated with the formal properties of image-making, particularly the division of the frame with strong lines, the relationships between colors and the contrast of abstract geometry with the complexities (and often the sensuality) of the human form. his conception of interior design and architecture is uninviting and sparse whether he is dealing with the colored partitions and rectangle mirrors of eden, the clanking metal struts and menacing cylinders of the factory or the white-walled domes and blue-trimmed apertures that populate the middle-eastern village. there is often a sexual quality to his work, most conspicuously in several scenes of bondage and captivity (a theme that runs through \u201ctrans-europe-express\u201d as well). robbe-grillet\u2019s painterly eye for form and composition is all the more impressive given his background as a novelist.\r\n\r\nthere\u2019s much more to be said about the film and many individual sequences that i\u2019d like to single out, but it will have to wait until i\u2019ve seen the film a second time. it does a wonderful job speaking for itself and i don\u2019t want to spoil too many of the surprises. yet, like many of art house films i mention on my blog, it\u2019s hard for me to guess what type of viewer will appreciate the film enough to make it worthwhile for them to seek out. here\u2019s one litmus test: \u201ceden and after\u201d would likely appeal to anyone who liked two or more of the following directors: terry gilliam, alejandro jodorowsky, alain resnais, luis bunuel and raoul ruiz."}], "recommandations_id": [63213, 85904, 64441, 263197], "youtube_key": "6Q90_ZjuKgo"}