{"tmdb_id": 10424, "title": "Jennifer 8", "original_title": "Jennifer Eight", "slug_title": "jennifer-8", "date": "1992-11-06", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un flic r\u00e9put\u00e9 de la ville de Los Angeles est mut\u00e9 dans le commissariat d'une petite ville et se trouve rapidement \u00e0 enqu\u00eater sur un meurtre. Suivant des pistes \u00e9cart\u00e9s par ses coll\u00e8gues, notre flic, John Berlin, fait la rencontre d'une jeune femme aveugle nomm\u00e9e H\u00e9l\u00e9na, pour laquelle il ressent une certaine attraction. Pendant ce temps, le tueur en s\u00e9rie \u0153uvre \u00e0 sa t\u00e2che et seul John le sait.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iSXNUsKYLbeul4xLLv7tI2WPvIf.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Garc\u00eda (Sgt. John Berlin)", "Lance Henriksen (Sgt. Freddy Ross)", "Uma Thurman (Helena Robertson)", "Graham Beckel (John Taylor)", "Kathy Baker (Margie Ross)", "Kevin Conway (Chief Citrine)", "John Malkovich (Agent St. Anne)", "Perry Lang (Travis)", "Nicholas Love (Bisley)", "Michael O'Neill (Serato)", "Paul Bates (Venables)", "Bob Gunton (Goodridge)", "Lenny Von Dohlen (Michael Blattis)", "Bryan Larkin (Bobby Ross (misspelled as \"Bobby Rose\" in end credits))", "Debbon Ayer (Amanda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The blind leading the blind.\r\n\r\nJennifer 8 is written and directed by Bruce Robinson. It stars Andy Garcia, Uma Thurman, John Malkovich, Lance Henriksen, Kathy Baker and Graham Beckel. Music is by Christopher Young and cinematography by Conrad Hall.\r\n\r\nThe small town of Eureka and John Berlin (Garcia) is the new cop in the precinct. When a severed hand is found at the local dump it leads Berlin to believe a serial killer is at work. One who has a penchant for blind girls.\r\n\r\nThe problems quickly mounted up for Jennifer 8, it flopped big in America and went straight to home format release in the UK. Problems back stage got so bad that Bruce Robinson quit Hollywood and never made another film for 19 years! In spite of these facts, it\u2019s not the monstrosity it was originally painted as back on its \u201climited\u201d release.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a frustrating film in many ways because it promises so much. There\u2019s bags of moody atmospherics wrung out by Conrad Hall\u2019s superb photography, where he filters most things via minimal lighting. Much of the play unfolds in ominous surroundings, where dialogue exchanges are either hushed or laced with harried fervour, and the writing is actually quite smart as it blends psycho thriller staples with strong characterisations that are in turn boosted by committed acting performances. Yet these things can\u2019t compensate for the too long run time, a rushed ending and some awkward tonal shifts that often take you out of the required mood. The rushed ending is particularly galling, after asking the audience to stay with the pic for two hours, it\u2019s not unreasonable to expect a good long and dramatic finale, sadly that\u2019s not the case.\r\n\r\nFans of neo-noir type visuals have some interest here, as does anyone who likes the type of serial killer movies that dominated the late 80s and early 90s before Fincher\u2019s Seven raised the bar. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12395, 10859, 11060, 19380]}