{"tmdb_id": 104476, "title": "The Bewitched Inn", "original_title": "L'Auberge ensorcel\u00e9e", "slug_title": "the-bewitched-inn", "date": "1897-01-01", "genre": ["Fantastique"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A weary traveler stops at an inn along the way to get a good night's sleep, but his rest is interrupted by odd happenings when he gets to his room--beds vanishing and re-appearing, candles exploding, pants flying through the air and his shoes walking away by themselves.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/utYyznVhCNt8doNuMg56JL455Pd.jpg", "actors": ["Georges M\u00e9li\u00e8s ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "L\u2018auberge Ensorcel\u00e9e is another jump into the experiments in film. Georges M\u00e9li\u00e8s jumped into this one just after his first \u201chorror\u201d film Le Manoir du Diable. This short shows a man that is staying at a haunted hotel that is constantly harassing our hero. Think of this film as a family friendly and extremely short version of 1408. The movie has a very usual equation. There is one person who is being tormented to show the different use of effects during the time. The man just becomes extremely frustrated instead of scared and the whole thing plays out more like a comedy then an actual horror movie.\r\n\r\nThe jokes or \u201cscary-scenes\u201d are more campy than jumpy. There are various articles disappearing and reappearing. There is a pair of boots that walk on their own. There is a bed that disappears completely. However, this is all just done to showcase the \u201cJump Cut\u201d and use of magnets in film.\r\n\r\nGeorges M\u00e9li\u00e8s plays himself in the film, again."}], "recommandations_id": [104462, 104473, 104704, 195292], "youtube_key": "notfound"}