{"tmdb_id": 104519, "title": "Damn You! the Mosquitoes", "original_title": "Any\u00e1d! A sz\u00fanyogok", "slug_title": "damn-you-the-mosquitoes", "date": "2000-02-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Kapa, Pepe and Mesi would like to buy a scrapyard of trains, to start a nostalgia train and earn a lot of money. The capital to start with they want to get from grandpa, who has come home from America with a suitcase full of money. Everybody wants Mesi to approach the old man, because she is the only one he would speak to. But Mesi is more concerned with the idea that she wants a child, by now from anyone, while Pepe is jealous. Kapa\u2019s alleged son emerges, with the mafia behind him: they, too, are eager to get grandpa\u2019s money. After threats and blackmailing, poisoned apples are sent, with only one side of them poisonous. Those dead, by the way, are resurrected by the sound of a song. At last, nobody manages to get the money, but it wouldn\u2019t make sense anyway: it\u2019s all fake. The Statue of Liberty, however, turns out to be blind.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hcF8SswJHyhUl0Y0bmlxbrvmtKb.jpg", "actors": ["Zolt\u00e1n Mucsi (Kapa)", "P\u00e9ter Scherer (Pepe)", "Emese Vasv\u00e1ri (Emese)", "Mikl\u00f3s B. Sz\u00e9kely (Tatus, Kapa's father)", "J\u00e1nos Gyuriska  (J\u00e1nos, Kapa's son)", "Istv\u00e1n M\u00e1rton (Pisti)", "Lajos Ott\u00f3 Horv\u00e1th (Boss)", "Csaba M\u00e9hes (Csabi)", "Zsolt Kov\u00e1cs (Zsolti)", "Csoma Judit (Judit)", "Andr\u00e1s Lovasi (Himself)", "Lagzi Lajcsi (Himself)", "Mikl\u00f3s Jancs\u00f3 (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "i3zADO9VV7M"}