{"tmdb_id": 10482, "title": "H\u00f4tel Paradiso, une maison s\u00e9rieuse", "original_title": "Guest House Paradiso", "slug_title": "hotel-paradiso-une-maison-serieuse", "date": "1999-12-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Le \"Paradiso\" est le pire des h\u00f4tels que l'on puisse trouver. Ses ext\u00e9rieurs lui donnent des allures de ruine : fa\u00e7ade terne, murs et fen\u00eatres vermoulus, les goutti\u00e8res claquent au moindre souffle de vent.L'int\u00e9rieur est pire encore : les cafards pullulent, la poussi\u00e8re s'accumule, la cuisine n'est plus qu'un amas d'immondices o\u00f9 \u00e9volue un cuisinier crasseux et saoul \u00e0 longueur de journ\u00e9e. Comble de l'horreur, le \"Paradiso\" se situe \u00e0 moins d'une centaine de m\u00e8tres d'une centrale nucl\u00e9aire qui crache, nuit et jour, une abominable fum\u00e9e toxique\u2026Au milieu de ce capharna\u00fcm, Richie Twat et son acolyte Eddie Elizabeth Ndingombaba s'unissent et se d\u00e9sunissent. Les deux ins\u00e9parables se frappent, s'injurient mais ne peuvent se s\u00e9parer\u2026 Burlesque au rendez-vous\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pZBWG1VRAmU3kEIuOUrGfO9jbf6.jpg", "actors": ["Rik Mayall (Richie)", "Adrian Edmondson (Eddie)", "Bill Nighy (Mr Johnson)", "Kate Ashfield (Mrs Hardy)", "Steven O'Donnell (Chef)", "Fenella Fielding (\"Mrs Foxfur\")", "Vincent Cassel (Gino)", "H\u00e9l\u00e8ne Mahieu (Gina Carbonara)", "Simon Pegg (Mr Nice)", "Lisa Palfrey (Mrs Nice)", "Sophia Myles (Saucy Wood Nymph)", "Emma Pierson (Saucy Wood Nymph)", "James D'Arcy (Young Groom)", "Richard Strange (Worried Worker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "LastCaress1972", "content": "Guest House Paradiso, then; a movie I bought for \u00a31 at the local flea market, and which left me feeling ripped off for the entire pound. What started as a tired sequence of set pieces within the world's dreariest set (I'm sure that was the point, but still), involving Rik Mayall with his shirt tucked into his underpants (again), fighting aimlessly and endlessly with a vaguely embarrassed-looking (as well he should be, as the director) Adrian Edmondson whilst Bill Nighy watched on redundantly, morphed into an extended scene featuring a heavy-handed Vincent Cassel (what was he thinking??) attempting to rape his new \"bride\" whilst awaiting delivery of some prostitutes he'd ordered, and finally collapsed into a new nadir for cinema with a pea-green-soup puke-a-thon (starring Cassel, Simon Pegg and Fenella Fielding amongst others), with said substance filling rooms and corridors alike. I watched the \"Making Of\" featurette afterwards, and Rik Mayall explained that he and Adrian (the co-writers of this ****) had so many good ideas for the script that the initial read-through ran at almost three-and-a-half hours, forcing them to condense the gags down to \"just the very best\" ones. Jesus Christ, a puerile 8-man orgy of cartoon-style vomitus taking up at least the last 15 minutes of the film was one of the \"very best\" gags? Even judging that sequence by its own disgusting standards, it's been done better before (Monty Python's The Meaning of Life) and since (Team America: World Police). No, in this case it was a just bad gag, executed badly.\r\n\r\nDreadful. And I'm not just snootily bemoaning Rik and Adrian's sophomoric tendency to rely on repeatedly hitting each other with large objects, Tom & Jerry-style. They've been doing that for years, to much greater effect (The Comic Strip Presents... Mr. Jolly Lives Next Door for instance was brilliant), but this is easily the poorest thing I've seen from either of them."}], "recommandations_id": [35399, 49560, 79276, 13429], "youtube_key": "rNsP8SIRGIs"}