{"tmdb_id": 10489, "title": "Cujo", "original_title": "Cujo", "slug_title": "cujo", "date": "1983-08-10", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Triste jour pour Donna et son fils Tad. Leur voiture est tomb\u00e9e en panne au beau milieu d'une cour d\u00e9serte. Les secours arrivent sous la forme d'un Saint-Bernard enrag\u00e9 qui les assaille inlassablement. Un film sur l'angoisse qui n'est pas sans rappeler \"les Oiseaux\" d'Hitchock.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lDhzd18g2PtQeYClT8QvXTd5n5i.jpg", "actors": ["Dee Wallace (Donna Trenton)", "Danny Pintauro (Tad Trenton)", "Daniel Hugh Kelly (Vic Trenton)", "Christopher Stone (Steve Kemp)", "Ed Lauter (Joe Camber)", "Kaiulani Lee (Charity Camber)", "Billy Jayne (Brett Camber)", "Mills Watson (Gary Pervier)", "Sandy Ward (Bannerman)", "Jerry Hardin (Masen)", "Merritt Olsen (Professor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Barmy Bernard.\r\n\r\nStephen King\u2019s Cujo was brought to the screen and met with indifference back in 1983, yet it\u2019s aged surprisingly well and comes out as one of the better \u201cmad animal\u201d movies that followed in the wake of Jaws.\r\n\r\nA big cuddly St. Bernard dog is bitten on the nose by a bat, cops a serious bout of Hydrophobia and then terrorises anyone in its path. Which spells bad news for Donna Trenton (Dee Wallace) and her young son Tad (Danny Pintauro), who have the misfortune to be stuck in a battered old Pinto that has broken down in Cujo\u2019s territory.\r\n\r\nLewis Teague directs with no little skill here, wringing out pot loads of tension and inserting genuine moments of terror as mother and son literally fight for their lives. There\u2019s a school of thought that the film\u2019s first half could have been trimmed, for this is the area that defines the Trenton\u2019s as a family. \r\n\r\nDonna has been having an affair and her husband Vic (Daniel Hugh-Kelly) has found out, so for forty minutes we are investing in family strife and foundation building of the key characters. This is judged perfectly, because once Cujo is unleashed on Donna and Tad, it throws up a number of emotional connections to not only the humans, but also the dog as well.\r\n\r\nWallace and Pintauro are excellent, providing the film with its beating heart as they prove to be a believable mother & son pairing. Teague meanwhile uses some invention with his camera work, though never to the detriment of claustrophobic terror. Elements of the source novel have been left out, while the ending \u2013 unfortunately in this viewer\u2019s opinion \u2013 has been changed, but this is a tightly wound horror and it\u2019s well due re-evaluation in this day and age of franchise sequels and remakes.\r\n\r\nCould have done with more of those bats though, they are awesome! 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was solid and unexpectedly fulfilling--perhaps because I'm a cat enthusiast and am neutral towards dogs to begin with. My 13-year-old son and I enjoyed it very much. I haven't read the book yet, so it's unnecessary for enjoyment of the movie IMHO. Worth both a purchase and rewatching for genre aficionados."}], "recommandations_id": [10823, 9980, 11428, 16281]}