{"tmdb_id": 10498, "title": "Nom de code : Nina", "original_title": "Point of No Return", "slug_title": "nom-de-code-nina", "date": "1993-03-19", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de jeunes d\u00e9linquants pille une pharmacie pour se procurer de la drogue. Les forces de l'ordre interviennent et les tuent tous, \u00e0 l'exception de Maggie. Ayant tu\u00e9 un policier, elle est condamn\u00e9e \u00e0 mort par injection, mais se r\u00e9veille apr\u00e8s l'ex\u00e9cution qui n'\u00e9tait qu'un simulacre pour la rayer de l'\u00e9tat civil. Elle va \u00eatre entra\u00een\u00e9e pour devenir une tueuse \u00e0 la solde du gouvernement ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e5qxDAo6Tooo6J2PHcVHYufn8NC.jpg", "actors": ["Bridget Fonda (Maggie Hayward - Claudia Anne Doran - Nina)", "Gabriel Byrne (Bob)", "Dermot Mulroney (J. P.)", "Miguel Ferrer (Kaufman)", "Anne Bancroft (Amanda)", "Olivia d'Abo (Angela)", "Richard Romanus (Fahd Bahktiar)", "Harvey Keitel (Victor the Cleaner)", "Lorraine Toussaint (Beth)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Drugstore Owner)", "Mic Rodgers (Cop)", "Michael Rapaport (Big Stan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb872652", "content": "Don't waste your precious time. Watch the [original](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/9322-nikita) directed by Luc Besson.\r\n\r\nI couldn't really enjoy this 1993 remake, knowing the so much better original from 1990."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "New Dawn - New Day - New Life.\r\n\r\nPoint of No Return (AKA: The Assassin) is directed by John Badham and written by Robert Getchell and Alexander Seros. It stars Bridget Fonda, Gabriel Byrne, Dermot Mulroney, Anne Bancroft and Harvey Keitel. Music is by Hans Zimmer and cinematography (Panavision/Technicolor) by Michael Ferris and Michael Watkins.\r\n\r\nWhen drug addict Maggie Hayward (Fonda) kills a policeman in cold blood, she is promptly sentenced to death by lethal injection. But maybe there is an out? A chance to work for the government? \r\n\r\nWhy so serious?\r\n\r\nA remake of Luc Besson's Nikita, this was always going to suffer the usual remake taunts of why bother? Was it necessary etc? Point of No Return is a good honest action movie, it has style to burn, nifty photography and likable leading actors. The action is well staged and thrilling - and Hong Kongish in style, and bubbling away in the writing are themes of identity, absent parents and a delicately off-kilter oedipal angle. The Nina Simone soundtrack is terrific, while Zimmer works around Nina's songs with an aural assuredness that grabs the attention.\r\n\r\nIt doesn't push any boundaries, and although it has been noted in some neo-noir circles, it is only a borderline entry in that style of film making. But if kinetic is a good word for you, and ultra violence gives you a shot in the arm, then Bridget and her guns are definitely worth a first date at least. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10859, 9409, 9605, 11384]}