{"tmdb_id": 10514, "title": "Le Myst\u00e8re Androm\u00e8de", "original_title": "The Andromeda Strain", "slug_title": "le-mystere-andromede", "date": "1971-03-12", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "La population de la petite ville du Nouveau Mexique, Piedmont, est enti\u00e8rement d\u00e9cim\u00e9e suite au crash d\u2019un myst\u00e9rieux satellite. Seuls un vieillard et un nouveau-n\u00e9 ont tout de m\u00eame surv\u00e9cu \u00e0 l\u2019attaque. Face \u00e0 cet \u00e9trange ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne, une \u00e9quipe de scientifiques se rend sur place afin d\u2019\u00e9tudier les raisons de cette \u00e9pid\u00e9mie. Mais ces derniers d\u00e9couvrent qu\u2019il s\u2019agit d\u2019un virus extraterrestre, pr\u00eat \u00e0 se propager sur toute la Terre..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nGI6h63HtxB0SbvaNXc5WcrRycq.jpg", "actors": ["Arthur Hill (Dr. Jeremy Stone)", "David Wayne (Dr. Charles Dutton)", "James Olson (Dr. Mark Hall)", "Kate Reid (Dr. Ruth Leavitt)", "Paula Kelly (Karen Anson)", "George Mitchell (Jackson)", "Ramon Bieri (Major Manchek)", "Peter Hobbs (General Sparks)", "Kermit Murdock (Dr. Robertson)", "Richard O'Brien (Grimes)", "Eric Christmas (Senator from Vermont)", "Mark Jenkins (Lt. Shawn (Piedmont team))", "Peter Helm (Sgt. Crane (Piedmont team))", "Joe Di Reda (Wildfire Computer Sgt. Burk)", "Carl Reindel (Lt. Comroe)", "Ken Swofford (Toby (technician))", "Frances Reid (Clara Dutton)", "Richard Bull (Air Force Major)", "John Carter (MP Capt. Morton)", "Glenn Langan (Cabinet Secretary (uncredited))", "Sandra de Bruin (Technician (uncredited))", "Susan Brown (Allison Stone (uncredited))", "Bart La Rue (Medic Captain)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Frighteningly absorbing piece of fiction that's fused with fact.\r\n\r\nA satellite from the SCOOP project has crashed into the desert town of Piedmont, the SCOOP project basically entails that the satellite scoops outer space for any alien micro-organisms. After the crash all the residents of Piedmont are killed with the exception of a baby and an old gentleman booze hound. Mankind is on the verge of being destroyed by a leaked alien virus, so a crack team of scientists are gathered in the hope of containing and understanding the virus before the world gets devoid of human life! \r\n\r\n\r\nTaken from the novel by Michael Crichton, this film is a wonderful lesson in tension building as we follow the scientists through a carefully structured sci-fi plot that will eventually become a race against time thriller. What makes The Andromeda Strain stand out against other genre pieces is the astute and believable approach to the subject matter, we are (in the main) in the presence of proper scientists. There's no super hero tricks forthcoming from these people, these are sensible honest intelligent folk using their combined knowledge to hopefully save the planet? A masterstroke from the makers is that they used largely unknown actors for the film, this gives the story an added grounded believable factor, thus a very useful way of drawing the audience into the drama unfolding. The direction from Robert Wise is very clued in for serio narrative drive, the set design for the underground research facility is top notch, and the actors all give stoic and intelligent performances. \r\n\r\n\r\nHowever, it's not without a niggle, for after the excellence of the films first two thirds, it's disappointing to find that the final act reverts to type, which somehow seems misplaced given what the viewer has just been through. Don't get me wrong, it's a fine sequence of events that fuels the dramatic slant, but it comes off as just a bit too glossy in light of the preceding structure. Still, The Andromeda Strain is an intelligent, smart, mature, and knowing film that is standing the test of time for being a great piece of science fiction cinema. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10803, 811, 10540, 830], "youtube_key": "YMbSpnlOOtE"}