{"tmdb_id": 10548, "title": "When We Were Kings", "original_title": "When We Were Kings", "slug_title": "when-we-were-kings", "date": "1996-10-25", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1974, \u00e0 Kinshasa, capitale du Za\u00efre, a lieu une rencontre historique entre les deux poids lourds les plus reput\u00e9s des Etats-Unis, Mohammed Ali, alias Cassius Clay, et George Foreman. A trente-deux ans, Ali va tenter de reconqu\u00e9rir le titre de champion du monde face \u00e0 Foreman, vingt-cinq ans, aur\u00e9ol\u00e9 de ses victoires sur Frazier et Norton. Le 30 octobre, le stade de Kinshasa ouvre ses grilles \u00e0 4 heures du matin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wAw3KIEuQGIwhCBWtvWFQRItz0d.jpg", "actors": ["Muhammad Ali (Himself)", "George Foreman (Himself)", "Don King (Himself)", "James Brown (Himself)", "B.B. King (Himself)", "Spike Lee (Himself)", "Mobutu Sese Seko (Himself)", "Norman Mailer (Himself)", "George Plimpton (Himself)", "Thomas Hauser (Himself)", "Malick Bowens (Himself)", "Lloyd Price (Herself)", "The Spinners (Themselves)", "Miriam Makeba (Herself)", "Drew Bundini Brown (Himself)", "Odessa Clay (Herself)", "Howard Cosell (Himself)", "Wilton Felder (Himself)", "Wayne Henderson (Himself)", "Stix Hooper (Himself)", "Stewart Levin (Himself)", "Alan Pariser (Himself)", "Danny 'Big Black' Rey (Himself)", "Dick Sadler (Himself)", "Joe Sample (Himself)", "Philipp\u00e9 Wynne (Himself)", "Archie Moore (Himself)", "Lola Love (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pablogeezer", "content": "Roger Ebert\r\nFebruary 27, 1997 \r\n\r\nThe heavyweight title fight between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in Zaire on Oct. 30, 1974--\u201dThe Rumble in the Jungle\u201d--is enshrined as one of the great sports events of the century. It was also a cultural and political happening.\r\n\r\nInto the capital of Kinshasa flew planeloads of performers for an \u201cAfrican Woodstock,\u201d TV crews, Howard Cosell at the head of an international contingent of sports journalists, celebrity fight groupies like Norman Mailer and George Plimpton, and of course the two principals: Ali, then still controversial because of his decision to be a conscientious objector, and Foreman, now huggable and lovable in TV commercials but then seen as fearsome and forbidding.\r\n\r\n\u201cI'm young, I'm handsome, I'm fast, I'm strong, and I can't be beat,\u201d Ali told the press. They didn't believe him. Foreman had destroyed George Frazier, who had defeated Ali. Foreman was younger, bigger and stronger, with a punch so powerful, Mailer recalled, \u201cthat after he was finished with a heavy punching bag, it had a depression pounded into it.\u201d Ali was 33 and thought to be over the hill. The odds were 7-1 against him.\r\n\r\nThe Zaire that they arrived in was a country much in need of foreign currency and image refurbishment. Under the leadership of Mobutu Sese Seko (\u201cthe archetype of a closet sadist,\u201d said Mailer), the former Belgian Congo had became a paranoid police state; the new stadium built to showcase the fight was rumored to hold 1,000 political prisoners in cells in its catacombs.\r\n\r\nDon King, then at the dawn of his career as a fight promoter, had sold Mobutu on the fight and raised $5 million for each fighter. The \u201cAfrican Woodstock,\u201d featuring such stars as B.B. King, James Brown and Miriam Makeba, was supposed to pay for part of that. For Ali, the fight in Africa was payback time for the hammering he'd taken in the American press for his refusal to fight in Vietnam. For Foreman, it was more complicated. So great was the pro-Ali frenzy, Foreman observed, that when he got off the plane the crowds were surprised to find that he was also a black man. \u201cWhy do they hate me so much?\u201d he wondered.\r\n\r\nLeon Gast's \u201cWhen We Were Kings,\u201d which just received an Oscar nomination, is like a time capsule; the original footage has waited all these years to be assembled into a film because of legal and financial difficulties. It is a new documentary of a past event, recapturing the electricity generated by Muhammad Ali in his prime. Spike Lee, who with Mailer and Plimpton provides modern commentary on the 1974 footage, says young people today do not know how famous and important Ali was. He is right. \u201cWhen I fly on an airplane,\u201d Ali once told me, \u201cI look out of the window and I think, I am the only person that *everyone* down there knows about.\u201d It is not bragging if you are only telling the truth.\r\n\r\nThe original film apparently started as a concert documentary. Then the fight was delayed because of a cut to Foreman's eye. The concert went ahead as scheduled, and then the fighters, their entourages and the press settled down to wait for the main event. No one really thought Ali had a chance--perhaps not even Ali, who seems reflective and withdrawn in a few private moments, although in public he predicted victory.\r\n\r\nHow could he have a chance, really? Hadn't he lost his prime years as a fighter after he refused to fight in Vietnam? (\u201cI ain't got no quarrel with the Viet Cong,\u201d he explained.) Wasn't Foreman bigger, faster, stronger, younger? History records Ali's famous strategy, the \u201cRope-a-Dope\u201d defense, in which he simply outwaited Foreman, absorbing incalculable punishment until, in the eighth round, Foreman was exhausted and Ali exploded with a series of rights to the head, finishing him.\r\n\r\nWas this, however, really a strategy at all? \u201cWhen We Were Kings\u201d gives the impression that Ali got nowhere in the first round and adopted the Rope-a-Dope almost by default. Perhaps he knew, or hoped, that he was in better condition than Foreman, and could outlast him if he simply stayed on his feet. It is certain that hardly anyone in Zaire that night, not even his steadfast supporter Cosell, thought that Ali could win; the upset became an enduring part of his myth.\r\n\r\n\u201cWhen We Were Kings\u201d captures Ali's public persona and private resolve. As heavyweight champion during the Vietnam War, he could easily have arrived at an accommodation with the military, touring bases in lieu of combat duty.\r\n\r\nAlthough he was called a coward and a draft dodger, surely it took more courage to follow the path he chose. And yet it is remarkable how ebullient, how joyful, he remained even after the price he paid; how he is willing to be a clown and a poet as well as a fighter and an activist.\r\n\r\nSeeing the film today inspires poignant feelings; we contrast younger Ali with the ailing and aging legend, and reflect that this fight must have contributed to the damage that slowed him down. It is also fascinating to contrast the young Foreman with today's much-loved figure; he, too, has grown and mellowed. When the movie was made all of those developments were still ahead; there is a palpable tension, as the two men step into the ring, that is not lessened because we know the outcome."}], "recommandations_id": [12698, 24349, 26564, 98914]}