{"tmdb_id": 10543, "title": "Fear", "original_title": "Fear", "slug_title": "fear", "date": "1996-04-12", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Romance", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Steve, brillant architecte, commence une nouvelle vie avec sa seconde \u00e9pouse Laura dans une charmante demeure dessin\u00e9e par lui. Nicole, sa propre fille, devra apprendre \u00e0 vivre dans cette famille recompos\u00e9e en compagnie de Toby, fils de Laura. A seize ans, elle conna\u00eet l'\u00e9motion des premi\u00e8res raves party, des premi\u00e8res amours. David, rencontr\u00e9 sur une piste de danse, la s\u00e9duit par son visage d'ange. Mais rapidement, son comportement lui semble \u00e9trange. Son p\u00e8re s'en m\u00eale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w5vFocUKBIlQWomugu9UaXZUG7E.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Wahlberg (David McCall)", "Reese Witherspoon (Nicole Walker)", "William Petersen (Steve Walker)", "Alyssa Milano (Margo Masse)", "Amy Brenneman (Laura Walker)", "Christopher Gray (Toby)", "Tracy Fraim (Logan)", "Gary Riley (Hacker)", "Jason Kristofer (Terry)", "Jed Rees (Knobby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fear can hold you prisoner\u2026\r\n\r\nFear is directed by James Foley and written by Christopher Crowe. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Reese Witherspoon, William Petesen, Alyssa Milano and Amy Brenneman. Music is by Carter Burwell and cinematography by Thomas Kloss.\r\n\r\nOne of the number of psycho-sexual thrillers that surfaced in the 80s and 90s, Fear has the narrative hook that it involves teenagers. Witherspoon is the girl who invites drifter David McCall (Wahlberg) into her life, only to find he\u2019s as unstable as unstable can be. Director Foley and his team then produce a film that pretty much cribs from a number of other similar themed movies. All of the key scenes will be instantly familiar to genre film watchers, and unfortunately the plot twists and turns come as no surprise.\r\n\r\nHowever, in spite of the lack of originality in structure and narrative thrust, Fear is never dull, not even when Wahlberg is wistfully looking into Witherspoon\u2019s eyes like a love sick puppy. Suspense is on hand for the big finale, which unfolds with kinetic brutality, and it\u2019s also nice here to find that some thought has gone into the characterisations of those in peril. Kloss\u2019 photography around the various Seattle locales is vividly appealing, as is Burwell\u2019s music compositions, while the acting performances are all on the good side of good, with nobody harming the balance of the piece.\r\n\r\nA teenage Cape Fear \u2013 cum \u2013 Straw Dogs - cum \u2013 Fatal Attraction, but good with it regardless. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [14684, 9605, 10342, 9424]}