{"tmdb_id": 10544, "title": "Ned Kelly", "original_title": "Ned Kelly", "slug_title": "ned-kelly", "date": "2003-03-22", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "N\u00e9 en 1855, Ned Kelly devient l'ennemi public num\u00e9ro un en Australie apr\u00e8s avoir tir\u00e9 sur un policier qui appr\u00e9hendait son fr\u00e8re Dan. Avec ce dernier et deux autres complices, il fonde un gang qui s\u00e8me le trouble de 1878 \u00e0 1880. Ned Kelly se distingue des autres bandits par son accoutrement quelque peu original : il porte une armure \"faite maison\", qui lui sert de gilet pare-balles, ainsi qu'un heaume de chevalier fabriqu\u00e9 par ses soins. Par ailleurs, comme Robin des Bois, il vole uniquement les riches pour donner aux pauvres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xmGQsMbXKELzD4n78uMoCsgJPi4.jpg", "actors": ["Heath Ledger (Ned Kelly)", "Orlando Bloom (Joseph Byrne)", "Geoffrey Rush (Superintendent Francis Hare)", "Naomi Watts (Julia Cook)", "Joel Edgerton (Aaron Sherritt)", "Laurence Kinlan (Dan Kelly)", "Philip Barantini (Steve Hart)", "Kerry Condon (Kate Kelly)", "Kris McQuade (Ellen Kelly)", "Emily Browning (Grace Kelly)", "Kiri Paramore (Constable Fitzpatrick)", "Rachel Griffiths (Susan Scott)", "Geoff Morrell (Robert Scott)", "Charles Tingwell (Premier Graham Berry)", "Saskia Burmeister (Jane Jones)", "Peter Phelps (Constable Lonigan)", "Russell Dykstra (Wild Wright)", "Nick Farnell (Tom Lloyd)", "Russell Gilbert (Constable Hall)", "Brooke Harman (Maggie)", "Molly McCaffrey (Fanny Shaw)", "Nicholas Bell (Richard Cook)", "Anthony Hayes (Sergeant Kennedy)", "Jonathan Hardy (The Great Orlando)", "Karen Davitt (Anne Jones)", "Declan Simpson (Johnny Jones)", "Andrew S. Gilbert (Stanistreet)", "Jerome Ehlers (Sherrit Trooper)", "Robert Taylor (Sherrit Trooper)", "Tim Wright (Constable McIntyre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It\u2019s Regina versus us; The Kelly Gang.\r\n\r\nNed Kelly is directed by Gregor Jordan and written by John Michael McDonagh (based on \u201cOur Sunshine\u201d written by Robert Drewe). It stars Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush and Joel Edgerton. Music is by Klaus Badelt and cinematography by Oliver Stapleton.\r\n\r\nThe Australian Robin Hood? Well not quite, but Ned Kelly\u2019s name and exploits live on for ever more. As is often the case with film\u2019s of this type, such as Braveheart, it\u2019s best to approach them as interpretations of real events and people, than actual historical facts. The core basis of Ned Kelly the man is here, and the picture built around him is handsomely mounted. Also ripe with strong character portrayals by the key actors (fluctuating accents and dodgy beards aside) and shot through with enough lyrical smarts by Jordan, it\u2019s a film big on atmosphere and authentic feel.\r\n\r\nHowever, obviously hamstrung by budget and running time etc, much of the story feels incomplete. There\u2019s also the problem of under using Geoffrey Rush, who although playing a key character in the Kelly legend, is only on the periphery of things. Still, the evident problems can\u2019t stop it from being an engaging piece of entertainment. It\u2019s consistently beautiful to look at, Badelt\u2019s mournful musical score is an absolute cracker and the action is well staged by the passionate Jordan.\r\n\r\nWe are still waiting for the definitive Ned Kelly Gang movie, because although this is made with care of the source stories, it only scratches the surface of this most interesting period of Australian history. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9616, 12146, 17707, 9448], "youtube_key": "doArSp1AIUw"}