{"tmdb_id": 10568, "title": "Les Quatre Plumes blanches", "original_title": "The Four Feathers", "slug_title": "les-quatre-plumes-blanches", "date": "1939-04-20", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Romance / Guerre"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Harry Faversham, lieutenant d'un regiment de cavalerie, a recu de ses amis quatre plumes blanches, symbole de sa couardise. Il n'aura de cesse de se racheter au cours de la guerre du Soudan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gerXrUoZdRpwSYVT7f8y7C0MiFy.jpg", "actors": ["John Clements (Harry Faversham)", "Ralph Richardson (John Durrance)", "C. Aubrey Smith (General Burroughs)", "June Duprez (Ethne Burroughs)", "Allan Jeayes (General Faversham)", "Jack Allen (Lieutenant Willoughby)", "Donald Gray (Peter Burroughs)", "Frederick Culley (Dr Sutton)", "Clive Baxter (Young Harry Faversham)", "Robert Rendel (Colonel)", "Archibald Batty (Adjutant)", "Derek Elphinstone (Lieutenant Parker)", "Hal Walters (Joe)", "Norman Pierce (Sergeant Brown)", "Henry Oscar (Dr. Harraz)", "John Laurie (The Khalifa)", "Amid Taftazani (Karaga Pasha)", "Peter Cozens (Man)", "Christopher Cozier ()", "Joe Cozier ()", "Joseph Cozier ()", "Alexander Knox (Bit Part)", "Jack Lambert ((uncredited))", "Hay Petrie (Mahdi Interpreter)", "Leslie Phillips (Boy Doffing Cap at Parade)", "Josephine Wilson (Mrs. Brown - Sgt. Brown's wife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I have been a coward \u2013 and I wasn\u2019t happy.\r\n\r\nThe best cinematic treatment of A.E.W. Mason\u2019s novel is here, a rousing and moving tale of a military man who is branded as a coward by those closest to him. Receiving four feathers as a sign of cowardice, Howard Faversham is inspired to go redeem himself in the eyes of his peers during the Mahdist War 1895.\r\n\r\nZoltan Korda throws everything but the \u201cKitchener\u201d sink at the production.\r\n\r\n1939 was a stellar year for cinema, arguably the greatest ever. Action/Adventure film fans were treated royally this year, with the likes of Beau Geste, Gunga Din and The Four Feathers to whet the appetites. The latter is a top line production, a Technicolor spectacle of derring-do and manly codes such as bravery and honour. Some these days may balk at the imperialist fervour that hums along the way, and some characterisations are very much of the time, but with such film making expertise on show, from direction, acting, costuming, photography and musical score, this is classical cinema in its purist form. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [111390, 44087, 29882, 136772], "youtube_key": "E6DWwf0AjE0"}