{"tmdb_id": 105789, "title": "Going Down in La-La Land", "original_title": "Going Down in La-La Land", "slug_title": "going-down-in-la-la-land", "date": "2011-05-01", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Based on the novel by Andy Zeffer, \"Going Down in LA-LA Land\" is a riveting and uncensored look at Hollywood. It is a story that reveals how friendships sustain us and keep us going. It is a tale that reflects our celebrity-obsessed culture. It is a revealing look at some people's desire to be loved, adored, and adulated at any cost. Readers have grown to adore the flawed and imperfect, yet earnest and likable characters of Adam and Candy. Now movie audiences will have the same opportunity to follow their rocky ride through Hollywood, and all the laughs that go along with it.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p3rIm8fKTv4flFFzE7GeZOVfCcw.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Ludwinski (Adam)", "Allison Lane (Candy)", "Michael Medico (John)", "Casper Andreas (Nick)", "John Schile (Ron)", "Jesse Archer (Matthew)", "Bruce Vilanch (Missy)", "Judy Tenuta (Zinnea)", "Alec Mapa (Himself)", "Brent Bailey (Dean)", "Scott DeFalco (Frank)", "Angelina Hong (Kim)", "William Thomas Jones (Robert)", "Kurt Scholler (Slave)", "Todd Sherry (Collin)", "Mark Cirillo (Alec Mapa's Fan)", "William Jackson  (Older Actor)", "Leah Rachel (Sophie)", "Sherry Weston (Older Actress)", "Linda Larson (Casting Director)", "Billy Snow (Gym Sales Guy)", "Paul Martignetti (Career Waiter)", "Taaffe O'Connell (Job Interviewer)", "Erik Passoja (Mr. Katz)", "Daniel Hayes (Lucas)", "Geoff Stirling Jr. (The Football Coach)", "Daniel Berilla (Perry)", "Gregg Jacobson (Sun-burned Model)", "Spencer Falls (Baby-faced Model)", "Ryan Driller (Dark-haired Model)", "Claes Lilja (Scott)", "Tom Nobles (Wayne)", "C. Stephen Browder (Marvin)", "Perez Hilton (Ricky)", "Brian Putnam (Paparazzi)", "Mathew Lenski (Adam)", "Tatiana Turan (Agent's Wife)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [27215, 17024, 21486, 61980], "youtube_key": "QyLw2QABtqw"}