{"tmdb_id": 10576, "title": "Psychose II", "original_title": "Psycho II", "slug_title": "psychose-ii", "date": "1983-06-03", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s 22 ans pass\u00e9s dans un asile psychiatrique, Norman Bates retrouve enfin le motel familial contre l'avis de Lila, la s\u0153ur de Marion Crane, qui s'oppose \u00e0 sa remise en libert\u00e9. Mais une jeune femme assez troublante interviendra dans la vie de Norman juste avant que celui-ci se retrouve dans la m\u00eame situation que 22 ans auparavant. Et si Mme Bates \u00e9tait encore vivante ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u5m9dfRK8mTzUs8UjbNkn23gZFp.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Perkins (Norman Bates)", "Vera Miles (Lila Loomis)", "Meg Tilly (Mary Loomis)", "Robert Loggia (Dr. Bill Raymond)", "Dennis Franz (Warren Toomey)", "Hugh Gillin (Sheriff John Hunt)", "Claudia Bryar (Mrs. Emma Spool)", "Robert Alan Browne (Ralph Statler)", "Ben Hartigan (Judge)", "Lee Garlington (Myrna)", "Tim Maier (Josh)", "Jill Carroll (Kim)", "Tom Holland (Deputy Norris)", "Oz Perkins (Young Norman Bates)", "Chris Hendrie (Deputy Pool)", "Sheila K. Adams (Deputy Woman)", "Bob Hilgenberg (Public Defender)", "George Dickerson (County Sheriff)", "Thaddeus Smith (Deputy Sheriff)", "Victoria Brown (Deputy Clerk)", "Robert Traynor (Desk Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We all go a little sequel crazy sometimes.\r\n\r\n22 years after the murderous and maniacal events at Bates Motel, Norman Bates, freshly released from a mental institution, is back home; and the spectre of \u201dMother\u201d is waiting to greet him.\r\n\r\nWe could say it was a cynical attempt at latching onto the coat tails of the 1980s slasher boom, but in spite of having the unenviable task of being a sequel to a masterpiece, Psycho II is a rather nifty sequel.\r\n\r\nDirector Richard Franklin is helped by having Anthony Perkins and Vera Miles heading up the cast list, this gives the film instant credibility, and while the mighty spectre of Hitchcock looms large, Franklin doesn\u2019t copy the maestro and brings his own visual smarts to the piece.\r\n\r\nTom Holland\u2019s screenplay doesn\u2019t mimic either, expanding the Bates story with a series of quality twists whilst keeping the mystery element strong and the gripping factor on the high heat. Dean Cundey (cinematography) and Jerry Goldsmith (music) round out the strong points of the film\u2019s tech credits.\r\n\r\nNot to be dismissed as a lazy cash in, this is well worth a look. Great ending as well! 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "When phantoms of the past won\u2019t let you live in peace\r\n\r\nAfter 22 years at an asylum, Norman Bates (Anthony Hopkins) is declared sane and released, which is radically opposed by Lila Loomis, AKA Lila Crane from the original movie (Vera Miles). Norman goes back to his deceased mother\u2019s house & motel where he befriends a compassionate local waitress (Meg Tilly). Unfortunately, some unforgiving locals won\u2019t let him live in peace.\r\n\r\nThe first half of \u201cPsycho II\u201d (1983) is a compelling continuation of the classic 1960 film whereupon there\u2019s an unexpected plot development around the mid-point (which is great, by the way).\r\n\r\nFrom there, the events tend to bog down inside the creepy house with somewhat contrived twists & turns as the creators try to keep you confused as to who\u2019s killing who. Thankfully, everything is sort of explained at the end with another revelation and what happened makes sense if you think about it. I say \u201csort of\u201d because the truth isn\u2019t fully spelled out. I appreciate that the film respects the intelligence of the viewer, but they should\u2019ve made it a little clearer IMHO.\r\n\r\nIn any case, \u201cPsycho II\u201d includes several elements of the original while expanding on the story.\r\n\r\nWhat\u2019s great about the Psycho franchise is that it has its own story and Norman is a sympathetic character. It\u2019s really a tragedy and not like the typical slasher where the antagonist is a zombie-like killing machine and its victims are mostly partying teenagers.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 53 minutes and, like the first film, was shot at the backlot of Universal Studios, Universal City, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B\r\n\r\nEXPLANATION ***SPOILER ALERT*** (Don\u2019t read further unless you\u2019ve seen the film)\r\n\r\nMiss Spool killed Toomey, the boy and Lila. Mary\u2019s killing of Dr. Raymond was unintentional. Lila was a vindictive biyatch, but she wasn\u2019t a killer. The only time Norman kills anyone is Miss Spool at the end. As far as her being Norman\u2019s real mother or not, see \u201cPsycho III\u201d (1986)."}], "recommandations_id": [12662, 40377, 27414, 39874]}