{"tmdb_id": 105826, "title": "The Blue Jean Monster", "original_title": "The Blue Jean Monster", "slug_title": "the-blue-jean-monster", "date": "1991-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Joe, a police officer, has a happy life with his wife, who's pregnant. But one day when he gets a tip that a bank is about to be robbed, he rushes to it but killed. The hostage Gucci then holds the loot. Joe becomes a vampire when a black cat jumps on his body and is hit by lightning. Not until he is sent to the hospital when he passed out, does he notice he's dead and needs electric recharge to be alive. In order to keep his wife from being sad, he doesn't tell her the truth. Even when his best friend Fung and Gucci find it out, he asks them to keep in secret. To get back the loot, the robbers seize both Gucci and Joe's wife, forcing Joe to bring the loot to exchange them. Along with Fung, Joe goes to rescue Gucci and his wife, while his wife delivers a baby. After a severe fight against the robbers, Joe finally wins but drops down as he runs out of his electric power...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8It8ZrBFgf0BUUSIranpBHx7w4Y.jpg", "actors": ["Shing Fui-On (Hsiang Tsu)", "Pauline Wong Siu-Fung (Sister Chu)", "Gloria Yip (Gucci)", "Tse Wai-Kit (Power Steering/Mr Big)", "Jun Kunimura (Robber gang chief)", "Amy Yip (Death Rays)", "Peter Lai Bei-Dak (Inspector Liao)", "Cheung Kwok-Wah (Loan shark's thug)", "Amy Wu Mei-Yee (Sister Chu's buddy)", "Carol Lee Yee-Ha (Nurse Ho)", "Joey Leung (Telly, bank robber)", "Sunny Chan (Bank robber)", "Milk Hoh (Bank robber)", "Lo Hung (Doctor Wang)", "Mama Hung (Old woman praying at temple)", "Lai Maan-Shing (Loan Shark)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}