{"tmdb_id": 10585, "title": "Jeu d'enfant", "original_title": "Child's Play", "slug_title": "jeu-d-enfant", "date": "1988-11-08", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Pour ses six ans, Andy Barclay est combl\u00e9, sa m\u00e8re lui fait cadeau d'une poupee parlante, joufflue \u00e0 souhait nomm\u00e9e Chucky. Andy est fou de sa poup\u00e9e et lui seul connait son secret. Chucky sait faire bien des choses, elle est m\u00eame capable de tuer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hfeyVlCUkzaxs7ugQCv9Fj2YDcJ.jpg", "actors": ["Catherine Hicks (Karen Barclay)", "Chris Sarandon (Mike Norris)", "Alex Vincent (Andy Barclay)", "Brad Dourif (Charles Lee Ray/Chucky)", "Dinah Manoff (Maggie Peterson)", "Ed Gale (Chucky Stunt Double)", "Tommy Swerdlow (Jack Santos)", "Jack Colvin (Dr. Ardmore)", "Ray Oliver (John \"Dr. Death\" Bishop)", "Neil Giuntoli (Eddie Caputo)", "Juan Ram\u00edrez (Peddler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm a big fan of the _Chucky_ franchise. Throughout all of its ups and downs, Don Mancini and the gang have never failed to bring forward a watchable movie. Even the most recent entry, _Cult of Chucky_ (which was kind of a fuck-up) provided me great enjoyment as a series-long fan. But no subsequent movie has ever matched the original for me. That first _Child's Play_ didn't just birth a classic character, it is, in and of itself, a classic. The first time you see Chucky open his mouth and hear the words of the real Brad Douriff... I've seen it twenty times over, and I'm still floored every single one of them. Absolutely floored, and floored with a massive grin on my face to boot.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [11186, 11187, 11932, 11249]}