{"tmdb_id": 10586, "title": "L'Ombre et la proie", "original_title": "The Ghost and the Darkness", "slug_title": "l-ombre-et-la-proie", "date": "1996-10-11", "genre": ["Aventure"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "En 1896, le lieutenant-colonel John Patterson, fringant et brillant ing\u00e9nieur, part en Afrique pour une mission aussi \u00e9xaltante que d\u00e9licate: superviser la construction d'une ligne ferroviaire reliant Mombassa au lac Victoria. Sur le chantier, Patterson se fait tout de suite respecter de ses hommes en tuant d'une seule balle un lion en maraude. Mais, quelques jours plus tard, un ouvrier est attaqu\u00e9 et d\u00e9chiquet\u00e9 par un autre f\u00e9lin. C'est le d\u00e9but d'une h\u00e9catombe. Deux lions, particuli\u00e8rement rus\u00e9s, vont en quelques mois tuer quelque trente ouvriers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3KEPs6RKlin9pT9fqjtW7MSLC8H.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Douglas (Charles Remington)", "Val Kilmer (Col. John Henry Patterson)", "Tom Wilkinson (Robert Beaumont)", "John Kani (Samuel)", "Emily Mortimer (Helena Patterson)", "Bernard Hill (Dr. David Hawthorne)", "Brian McCardie (Angus Starling)", "Om Puri (Abdullah)", "Henry Cele (Mahina)", "Kurt Egelhof (Indian Victim)", "Satchu Annamalai (Worker)", "Teddy Reddy (Worker)", "Raheem Khan (Worker)", "Jack Devnarain (Nervous Sikh Orderly)", "Glen Gabela (Orderly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oh, you're right. The devil has come to Tsavo. Look at me, I am the devil.\r\n\r\nThe Ghost and the Darkness is directed by Stephen Hopkins and written by William Goldman. It stars Val Kilmer, Michael Douglas, Tom Wilkinson, John Kani, Bernard Hill, Brian McCardie and Emily Mortimer. Music is by Jerry Goldsmith and cinematography by Vilmos Zsigmond.\r\n\r\nTsavo, Kenya and a bridge engineer teams up with an experienced professional hunter to hunt for two lions that have been attacking local construction workers.\r\n\r\nAs is often the case, one should seek out the real stories that are involved in this retelling of the real instances involving the Tsavo Lions\r\n\r\nThe story itself is awash with mysticism, the lions (Ghost and Darkness) act as some sort of supernatural beings, who we are told are offing the native folk purely for pleasure. There's an odd juxtaposition with this, in that in the midst of colonialism and macho posturing, the hunters of felines are forgivable because they are defenders of mankind - even though we know that man hunts the great feline beasts for fun regardless of this particular situation.\r\n\r\nVarious stereotypes fil out the screenplay, though not as to be insulting, but you feel that the pic as first envisaged would have had more to say on political frontage and period turmoil. It basically all ends up as a creature feature, two great white hunters facing town the monstrous enemy as their very lives become perilous by the hour.\r\n\r\nThe attack sequences are nicely staged, wonderfully primal in fact, ensuring that what the pic lacks in intelligent narrative worth it makes up for with thrills and genuine nervy suspense. So with Zsigmond providing some lovely African postcard lensing, and Goldsmith adding music that powerfully bounces around the locales, the tech credits are ensuring our eyes and ears are suitably stoked.\r\n\r\nOne key character's story arc is stupidly given short shrift, annoyingly so and coming off like someone ran out of time to either write or perform something else, and the uneven feel to it all tends to gnaw away at the enjoyment factor. Yet in spite of the flaws and unfulfilled promise there's a nice old fashioned feel to it, something that seems to have engaged the movie loving public more than it does the pro critics. Interesting that. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2320, 10003, 4105, 10329], "youtube_key": "1M38HWM4CTY"}