{"tmdb_id": 105864, "title": "Le Voyage d'Arlo", "original_title": "The Good Dinosaur", "slug_title": "le-voyage-d-arlo", "date": "2015-11-14", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Familial"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Et si la catastrophe cataclysmique qui a boulevers\u00e9 la Terre et provoqu\u00e9 l'extinction des dinosaures n'avait jamais eu lieu ? Et si les dinosaures ne s'\u00e9taient jamais \u00e9teints, et vivaient parmi nous de nos jours ?  Arlo, jeune Apatosaure au grand c\u0153ur, maladroit et craintif, qui va faire la rencontre et prendre sous son aile un \u00e9tonnant compagnon : un petit gar\u00e7on sauvage, tr\u00e8s d\u00e9gourdi, pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Spot.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2ZckiMTfSkCep2JTtZbr73tnQbN.jpg", "actors": ["Raymond Ochoa (Arlo (voice))", "Jack Bright (Spot (voice))", "Jeffrey Wright (Poppa (voice))", "Frances McDormand (Momma (voice))", "Maleah Nipay-Padilla (Young Libby (voice))", "Ryan Teeple (Young Buck (voice))", "Jack McGraw (Young Arlo (voice))", "Marcus Scribner (Buck (voice))", "Peter Sohn (Forrest Woodbush (voice))", "Steve Zahn (Thunderclap (voice))", "Mandy Freund (Downpour (voice))", "Steven Clay Hunter (Coldfront (voice))", "A. J. Buckley (Nash (voice))", "Anna Paquin (Ramsey (voice))", "Sam Elliott (Butch (voice))", "David Boat (Bubbha (voice))", "Carrie Paff (Lurleane (voice))", "Calum Grant (Pervis (voice))", "John Ratzenberger (Earl (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Arlo and Spot's adventure to the Clawtooth Mountain.\r\n\r\nTo be honest, I have been looking forward this since the day I came to know about it. But it took so long to come out, even the Windows OS has upgraded thrice since then. After all these years, now I feel this is not what I wanted. It should have been different, especially the story. It was a fine animation, including all the technical aspect had no issues, but the story was not convincing.\r\n\r\nSeemed just like another version of 'The Croods'. In fact, crossover between these two would be awesome like the boy from this and the family from other title as an original family who lost each other for some reason. But the trouble is, both are from the different production house and coming together is a tough task.\r\n\r\nThe civilised dinosaurs? That's kind of weird, but in a children's story and animation, all are fair. So I turned into one and enjoyed it. Apatosaurus are farmers, T-Rex are cowboys, yeah whole new perspective, apart from the humans who are still in lower on the chart of dominance and intelligent.\r\n\r\nIn my opinion, I'm being honest with what I felt. The theme about self discovery and to throw away fear is inspiring for the little children. At a same time, it is not a freshly developed story, kind of reminds 'The Lion King'. I know they're not same, but the initial parts are, between father and son. You can watch it once or twice, because it is not a boring film, but not the best.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [228161, 159824, 127380, 140300], "youtube_key": "8lsIrASLD-Q"}