{"tmdb_id": 105968, "title": "Untitled", "original_title": "Untitled", "slug_title": "untitled", "date": "2011-11-11", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "2.5/10", "synopsis": "A film-maker, his girlfriend, his female colleague and their rich producer spend a weekend making a documentary within an isolated haunted cottage in Wales.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lRt8bdy4rX5qElMdU0IsBFtr4kj.jpg", "actors": ["Shaun Troke (Shaun)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tiailds", "content": "One of the top 5 worst found footage movies I've seen (and I've seen a few).\r\n\r\n\"Was it interesting?\" The story has been done dozens of times before. Even the horror back-story has been done. The haunted setting (once they get to it) is too cramped to do anything. .5 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Was it entertaining?\" The audio atrocious. After listening for about 2 minutes, I wasn't sure what language they were speaking. With a combination of some thick UK accent, mumbling or slurring lines, and just bad recording makes most of the dialog incomprehensible. The characters are some of the most annoying one dimensional \"things\" I've seen in a while. About halfway through I was yelling at the screen for these people to just die faster. 0 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Was it memorable?\" This review is memorable. That extremely predictable ending was not. I can't believe more than 5 people worked on this, and had to volunteer their time. I've seen numerous YouTube shorts and movies with far better quality (BlackBoxTV). .5 out of 3\r\n\r\nStart with 1 (unfortunately), 1+0.5+0+0.5=2\r\n\r\nI suppose other found footage movies can only be better."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}