{"tmdb_id": 10612, "title": "L'Anglais qui gravit une colline mais descendit une montagne", "original_title": "The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain", "slug_title": "l-anglais-qui-gravit-une-colline-mais-descendit-une-montagne", "date": "1995-05-12", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Comment les habitants d'un village irlandais vont utiliser des ruses de Sioux pour obtenir de deux cartographes l'homologation de leur colline, nomm\u00e9e la Ffynnon Garw, en v\u00e9ritable montagne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ls7KPoxNiy3IcAot3QB0oFuMtdW.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Grant (Reginald Anson)", "Tara Fitzgerald (Betty)", "Colm Meaney (Morgan the Goat)", "Ian McNeice (George Garrad)", "Ian Hart (Johnny Shellshocked)", "Kenneth Griffith (Reverend Jones)", "Tudor Vaughan (Thomas Twp)", "Hugh Vaughan (Thomas Twp Two)", "Robert Pugh (Williams the Petroleum)", "Robert Blythe (Ivor)", "Garfield Morgan (Davies the School)", "Lisa Palfrey (Blod Jones)", "Dafydd Wyn Roberts (Tommy Twostroke)", "Ieuan Rhys (Sergeant Thomas)", "Anwen Williams (Mavis)", "David Lloyd Meredith (Jones the JP)", "Howell Evans (Thomas the Trains)", "Fraser Cains (Evans the End of the World)", "Jack Walters (Grandfather)", "Harry Kretchmer (Young Boy)", "Maisie McNeice (Girl in classroom)", "Nicholas McGaughey (Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I don't want Ffynnon Garw to be on the map because we begged for it. \r\n\r\nThe Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain is directed by Christopher Monger and written by Ivor Monger. It stars Hugh Grant, Ian McNeice, Tara Fitzgerald, Colm Meaney and Kenneth Griffith. Music is by Stephen Endelman and cinematography by Vernon Layton.\r\n\r\nSet in 1917, plot finds Grant and McNeice as two English cartographers who arrive in the Welsh village of Ffynnon Garw to measure what the locals proudly proclaim to be Wales' first mountain. However, it turns out that the \"mountain\" is 16 feet below the required 1000 feet requisite so therefore can only be classed as a hill. This news causes disgust amongst the locals, who then set about stopping the cartographers going home whilst they attempt to build atop of the hill to make it over 1000 feet.\r\n\r\nA film with a big title that is matched by the size of its heart, Monger's film owes much to those fun community based pictures that filed out of Ealing Studios back in the 40s and 50s, Re: Whisky Galore! and The Titfield Thunderbolt. We can also safely place it the whimsy category where something as wonderful as Local Hero sits, while the old British comedy staple that encompasses an obsession with size (The Mouse That Roared) watches over the film like an approving British cinematic angel.\r\n\r\nHomespun humour marries up with the utterly engaging view of quirky village life to provide us with just under 100 minutes of entertainment. Although clearly simple in plot and structure, to simply dismiss it as such does not do justice to the fine work of the ensemble cast and the writing of Ivor and Chris Monger. With Grant doing what he does best, the amiable nervous fop, picture has a lead actor fully comfortable with the tone and texture of the production, while around him there are a number of fine character actors putting delightful meat on the comedy bones of oddball characters with names such as Morgan the Goat, Johny Shellshock, William the Petroleum and Betty from Cardiff! Best of the bunch is Griffith as Reverend Jones, a grumpy, stubborn eccentric who underpins everything so wonderfully skew-whiff about life in Ffynnon Garw.\r\n\r\nAs for the writing? The screenplay has a wonderful ear for small village dialogue, while in amongst the value of community spirit theme, sits a near sombre observation of the effects of war on such a community. The production design is appealing, with Layton's photography around the Powys locations a visual treat, and Endelman's music has a suitably warming and jaunty feel; even if it starts to get a touch repetitive later in the piece. It doesn't have widespread appeal, it's clearly a film aimed at a small portion of film fans that love those films mentioned earlier. But in an era when film is being smothered by CGI and visual gimmickry, revisiting something like The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain offers up a most refreshing and diverting experience. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35944, 8545, 25719, 9391], "youtube_key": "1UWT0dMrYOM"}