{"tmdb_id": 106136, "title": "From Above", "original_title": "Chasing Shakespeare", "slug_title": "from-above", "date": "2014-02-03", "genre": "Romance / Drame", "score": "0.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2IxTwPgtmWpcczT6MESRz2WUDYZ.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Glover (William Ward)", "Graham Greene (Mr. Mountain)", "Ashley Bell (Molly)", "Chelsea Ricketts (Venus)", "Clayton Rohner (Mr. Shelton)", "Brina Palencia (Ashley Bell)", "Katy Corlis (Nyc theater girl)", "David Midthunder (Nezuni Redhawk)", "Stephanie Young (Miss Rowley)", "Britanni Johnson (Shakespeare Auditionee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "norry@stonecore.com", "content": "Go to   chasingshakespeare.com or facebook.com/ChasingShakespeare to see festival news and reviews - like this one from the film's appearance at the Dallas International Film Festival - \"Danny Glover stars in Chasing Shakespeare, a story about an extraordinary love between a man and a woman. William Ward is enchanted by Venus Redhawk\u2019 s audition for the role of Juliet in a local school production of \u201cRomeo and Juliet.\u201d Their love story begins with a spark and grows through a love of Shakespeare and the magic of Native American folklore.\r\n\r\nWhat a magnificent film! It\u2019s on a level with The Notebook for its love story and the fact that you\u2019ll be in tears for most of the film. The magic of the lightning, the folklore, and Shakespeare himself are a compelling mix that is irresistible. Danny Glover is wonderful as the elder William, grieving the loss of his beloved wife and remembering the magic they shared. Chelsea Ricketts is enchanting as the young Venus, and audiences will fall under her spell as just as young William does in the film. Director Norry Niven makes his directorial debut with this film and does a fantastic job!\""}], "recommandations_id": []}