{"tmdb_id": 106259, "title": "The Fall of Berlin", "original_title": "\u041f\u0430\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u0411\u0435\u0440\u043b\u0438\u043d\u0430", "slug_title": "the-fall-of-berlin", "date": "1949-12-25", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Surrounded by a few party officials, Alexei Ivanov, a stakhanovist smelter, is decorated by Stalin. The \"Little Father of the Peoples\" takes this opportunity to invoke threats of war.... One day, war indeed breaks out. Bombs fall on the field where Alexei finds himself in the company of the schoolmistress Natacha, his fianc\u00e9e. Alexei joins the Red Army and soon becomes a sergeant. Fighting rages and German troops advance. Natacha is arrested and deported. But the tide turns decisively with the German defeat at Stalingrad. Now the major offensive against Hitler can begin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rVKcKg2PZacm3dWZwGy5RVTrqKH.jpg", "actors": ["Mikheil Gelovani (Marshal Iosef Visarionovic Stalin)", "Boris Andreyev (Alexei Ivanov nicknamed Aliocha)", "Aleksei Gribov (Party official)", "Maksim Shtraukh (Party official)", "Nikolai Bogolyubov (Factory Superintendent Kumchinsky)", "Sofiya Giatsintova (MRs Ivanov - Alexei's mother)", "Boris Tenin (Gen. Chujkov)", "Boris Livanov (Gen. Rokossovsky)", "Sergei Blinnikov (Gen. Ivan Koniev)", "Andrei Abrikosov (Gen. Antonov)", "Vladimir Kenigson (Gen. Krebs)", "Nikolai Plotnikov (General Brauchitsch)", "Veriko Anjaparidze ()", "Tamara Nosova ()", "Ruben Simonov ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "1AHUQ1QRVn4"}