{"tmdb_id": 10637, "title": "Le plus beau des combats", "original_title": "Remember the Titans", "slug_title": "le-plus-beau-des-combats", "date": "2000-09-29", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1971, dans une \u00e9cole secondaire de Virginie, des \u00e9tudiants de couleur de peaux diff\u00e9rentes sont int\u00e9gr\u00e9s dans le m\u00eame \u00e9tablissement scolaire. Cette d\u00e9cision a pour effet d\u2019exacerber les tensions raciales d\u00e9j\u00e0 existantes dans la communaut\u00e9, surtout lorsque l\u2019entra\u00eeneur blanc de l\u2019\u00e9quipe de football comprend qu\u2019il devra \u0153uvrer sous la supervision d\u2019un afro-am\u00e9ricain. Les deux hommes apprennent pourtant \u00e0 se respecter, malgr\u00e9 leurs temp\u00e9raments fort diff\u00e9rents, si bien que la le\u00e7on permet d\u2019inculquer aux joueurs des valeurs qui font d\u2019eux des champions respect\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bNdTdyF0OUMF6Nh4Aqn8ilvsvRM.jpg", "actors": ["Denzel Washington (Coach Herman Boone)", "Will Patton (Coach Bill Yoast)", "Ryan Hurst (Gerry Bertier)", "Wood Harris (Julius Campbell)", "Hayden Panettiere (Sheryl Yoast)", "Ryan Gosling (Alan Bosley)", "Nicole Ari Parker (Carol Boone)", "Kate Bosworth (Emma Hoyt)", "Donald Faison (Petey Jones)", "Craig Kirkwood (Jerry 'Rev' Harris)", "Ethan Suplee (Louie Lastik)", "Kip Pardue (Ronnie 'Sunshine' Bass)", "Earl Poitier (Blue Stanton)", "Burgess Jenkins (Ray Budds)", "Marion Guyot (Mrs. Jean Bertier)", "Neal Ghant (Frankie Glascoe)", "David Jefferson (Cook)", "Preston Wigasi Brant (Jerry Buck)", "John Michael Weatherly (Kirk Barker)", "Gregory Alan Williams (Coach Paul 'Doc' Hines)", "Brett Rice (Coach Herb Tyrell)", "Richard Fullerton (A.D. Watson)", "J. Don Ferguson (Executive Director)", "Krysten Leigh Jones (Nicky Boone)", "Afemo Omilami (Charles Campbell)", "Andrew Masset (Colonel William G. Bass)", "Tim Ware (Fred Bosley)", "Tom Turbiville (Captain Hal)", "Tom Nowicki (Coach Ed Henry)", "Jim Grimshaw (Coach Taber)", "David Dwyer (Coach Tolbert)", "Bo Keister (Kip Tyler)", "Lou Walker (Ferdinand Day)", "Rhubarb Jones (Radio Announcer)", "Bob Neal (Colorman)", "Dan Albright (Doctor)", "Mike Pniewski (Cop)", "Sharon Blackwood (Nurse Allice)", "Paula Claire Jones (White Girl #1)", "Kelly Cheston (White Girl #2)", "Walker Jones (White Kid #1)", "Ronald L. Conner (Black Kid #1)", "Courtney James Stewart (Black Kid #2)", "E.Y. Coley (Official)", "John Wesley (Official)", "B. Keith Harmon (Crooked Official)", "Andy Francis (Quarterback)", "Stuart Greer (Marshall Assistant Coach)", "Derick Marshall (Lee Roy 'Monk' Davis)", "Kevin Dankosky (Reporter #1)", "David Chandley (Reporter #2)", "Scott Slade (Reporter #3)", "Ric Reitz (Reporter #4)", "Rory Griffin (Titan)", "Ryan Kowalske (Titan)", "Thomas Elliott (Titan)", "C. Stephen Browder (Titan #4)", "Jameel Jackson (Titan)", "Randy D. Patman Jr. (Titan)", "Jemal L. Webb (Titan)", "Shawn Cummings (Titan)", "Michael Rouby (Titan)", "Ray Stoney (Titan)", "Shanda Lee Munson (Emma's Friend)", "David de Vries (Parent)", "Matt Adams (Heckler)", "Ryan Duncan (Opposition Quarterback)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In Greek mythology, the Titans were greater even than the gods.\r\n\r\nBased on real events in 1971, where T.C. Williams High School, a now hot bed integrated school, becomes a beacon of unification via their mixed race football team.\r\n\r\nAs is normally the case with films of this ilk, it quickly comes to pass that certain artistic licence has been taken with the truth. In reality the issues of race, integration and the near powder-keg atmosphere portrayed in the picture, were long past their worst in Virginia 1971. However, that should in no way detract from the thematics and truthful aspects of this Disney production. As is told in the film, the Titans did have what became known as the perfect season, whilst the bond formed between the black and white members most definitely existed. All told, the film soars high as an inspirational piece, not only for the mixed race community coming together plot's essential being, but in the crucial tale of one Gerry Bertier.\r\n\r\nThat this film urged me to seek out the story of Bertier is a testament to the power of film, regardless of any sort of sentimental prodding from the film makers. It's hoped that this film also prompts newcomers to research further the topics within the story.\r\n\r\nThe cast list is impressive, Denzel Washington and Will Patton find instant chemistry as the head coaches thrust together by outside influences, with both guys beautifully doing credit to the real life friendship that would be born from the situation. Ryan Hurst, Wood Harris, Ethan Suplee, Donald Faison, Kip Pardue, Craig Kirkwood and a pre-fame Ryan Gosling fill out the integrated football team. With two important family roles nicely portrayed by Hayden Panettiere and Nicole Ari Parker. The soundtrack is nicely put together, with the core offering of Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell's thumping rendition of \"Ain't No Mountain High Enough\" particularly potent and uplifting. \r\n\r\nThough not primarily offering up anything new in the pantheon of race and sport related movies, Remember The Titans does have so much good going for it. It's hard to be picky, even churlish about the little faults (are these actors really the age of high schoolers for example?). So hopefully come the end, after the credits roll, you will be suitably inspired, and perhaps a touch more better off for having spent time with this particular football team. 8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wong", "content": "Denzel Washington leads the team on a charge until the final whistle in Remember the Titans, a grand and inspirational football film. This Walt Disney classic is a primitive display of adversity and courage. The amount of chemistry from the then-segregated gridiron warriors was remarkable and helped propel this film as a truly great and heartfelt sports movie for every generation to experience. 5/5"}], "recommandations_id": [7214, 11652, 10400, 8470]}