{"tmdb_id": 10648, "title": "Magnum Force", "original_title": "Magnum Force", "slug_title": "magnum-force", "date": "1973-12-23", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "De nombreux assassinats sont commis \u00e0 San Francisco. Les victimes : des prox\u00e9n\u00e8tes, des trafiquants de drogue ou des criminels. L'inspecteur Harry est charg\u00e9 de l'affaire. Son sup\u00e9rieur Briggs le d\u00e9teste. Harry va bient\u00f4t d\u00e9couvrir pourquoi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3gqV4jpKNFqxUWug3BRD6yUzSL1.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Harry Callahan)", "Hal Holbrook (Lieutenant Briggs)", "Mitchell Ryan (Ofc. Charlie McCoy)", "David Soul (Ofc. John Davis)", "Tim Matheson (Ofc. Phil Sweet)", "Kip Niven (Ofc. Red Astrachan)", "Robert Urich (Ofc. Mike Grimes)", "Felton Perry (Early Smith)", "Margaret Avery (Prostitute)", "Tony Giorgio (Frank Palancio)", "Christine White (Carol McCoy)", "Adele Yoshioka (Sunny)", "Albert Popwell (Pimp)", "Maurice Argent (Nat Weinstein)", "Jack Kosslyn (Walter)", "John Mitchum (DiGiorgio)", "Suzanne Somers (Pool Girl (uncredited))", "Carl Weathers (Demonstrator (uncredited))", "Philip Ettington (Ben (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Harry, he is still the law.\r\n \r\nMagnum Force is directed by Ted Post and collectively written by Harry and Rita Fink, John Milius and Michael Cimino. It stars Clint Eastwood, Hal Holbrook, Mitchell Ryan, David Soul, Felton Perry, Tim Matheson and Robert Urich. Music is by Lalo Schifrin and cinematography by  Frank Stanley.\r\n \r\nThe second Dirty Harry movie finds Inspector Callahan on the trail of a vigilante group who are offing Frisco\u2019s villains.\r\n \r\nFollowing in the wake of Dirty Harry was never going to be easy, Don Siegel\u2019s film was very much a trail blazer of sorts, giving the movie lovers of the world a different cop than that which was accustomed. So what to do with Magnum Force then, the inevitable sequel given Dirty Harry\u2019s popularity? The makers come up with a great idea, have Harry confront a group of vigilantes who believe in his own kill crime ethics, only the take it to the extreme.\r\n \r\nSo begins a trail of blood for Harry to follow which leads him right where we the viewers pretty much knew he was going to end up. Post is no Siegel, and although the action and all round testosterone feel that so marked out the Dirty Harry films is exciting and evident respectively, there\u2019s periods where the film meanders. The instances that serve to add more complexity to Harry\u2019s make-up is welcome, but aside from a jumping bean turn from Holbrook, the director can\u2019t get much out of the rest of the cast, as shame since there\u2019s a lot of up and coming talent and stalwarts in the mix.\r\n \r\nStill, even with its evident problems it\u2019s a lively and entertaining sequel, one that doesn\u2019t shy away from pushing some buttons and baiting of critics who had disdain for the first film. The ending is a disappointment, though, but the journey is ultimately meaty and macho. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The second movie on Dirty Harry's series is better than the first.\r\n\r\nHarry's character gets some evolution and we start to see a bit of the human being and his private life behind that gun.\r\n\r\nThe directing is good, Eastwood makes a good performance and the plot and dialogues are slightly better than in the first.\r\n\r\nThe soundtrack is also something to remark in this one."}], "recommandations_id": [10649, 10650, 10651, 984], "youtube_key": "A3IshkBUric"}