{"tmdb_id": 10652, "title": "Hamburger Hill", "original_title": "Hamburger Hill", "slug_title": "hamburger-hill", "date": "1987-08-07", "genre": "Guerre / Action / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Ce film, bas\u00e9 sur un fait r\u00e9el survenu au Vi\u00eatnam en 1961, relate l'assaut donn\u00e9 par la 101\u00e8me division a\u00e9roport\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine pour prendre la colline 937, dite Colline Hamburger (\u00ab\u00a0Hamburger Hill\u00a0\u00bb). John Irvin met en sc\u00e8ne 10 jours de combat acharn\u00e9 entre le Vi\u00eatcong et la 101\u00e8me division a\u00e9roport\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine. Cette derni\u00e8re finit par avoir l'avantage, mais au prix de tant de morts, que cette \u00ab\u00a0petite\u00a0\u00bb victoire en perd toute valeur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xZNcDH35idsMiISQe3wQXeuzB94.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Barrile (Vincent 'Alphabet' Languilli)", "Michael Boatman (Motown)", "Don Cheadle (Pvt. Washburn)", "Michael Dolan (Murphy)", "Dylan McDermott (Sgt. Adam Frantz)", "Don James (Pvt. Elliott 'Mac' McDaniel)", "Steven Weber (Sfc. Dennis Worcester)", "Courtney B. Vance (Spc. Abraham 'Doc' Johnson)", "Michael A. Nickles (Pvt. Elliot 'Mac' McDaniel)", "Harry O'Reilly (Pvt. Michael Duffy)", "Tim Quill (Pvt. Joe Beletsky)", "Tommy Swerdlow (Pvt. Martin Bienstock)", "Tegan West (Lt. Terry Eden)", "Ki\u1ec1u Chinh (Mama San)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The meat grinder effect.\r\n\r\nUnfairly forgotten and left in the slipstream of critical darlings Platoon and Full Metal Jacket, Hamburger Hill can proudly fly its own worthwhile flag. There's nothing preachy or political here, director John Irvin and writer James Carabatsos approach the subject with a refreshing humane honesty, making us viewers privy to the American soldiers mindset as they cope with life in Vietnam before an assault on some turd pile strategic hill, a battle that the survivors of that particular bloody conflict would call Hamburger Hill.\r\n\r\nNo matter what one feels about the war, the politics of such etc, the fact that quite often Vietnam films zoom in on the misdemeanours and egotistical sides of the American presence in Vietnam, tends to detract from the bravery of men and boys who were doing the job their government decreed they should do. Hamburger Hill addresses this, proudly so. Pace is deliberate and literate, building up to the assault on Hill 937, with little slices of kinetic action inserted along the way to tantalise and torment in equal measure.\r\n\r\nNot all the acting is smart, there's a cast of up and coming thesps on show that features some who have gone on to be \"name\" actors, while others that were out of their depth subsequently found a level more befitting their abilities. Yet this is also a cunning tactic in the film's favour, no stars needed here, young adult actors without baggage or headlines kind of feels appropriate for this portrayal of soldiers in an alien world, many of whom would lay their shattered bodies down in the mud at Hamburger Hill. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12651, 9545, 20681, 14911]}