{"tmdb_id": 106747, "title": "Machete Kills", "original_title": "Machete Kills", "slug_title": "machete-kills", "date": "2013-09-12", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Le gouvernement des \u00c9tats-Unis recrute Machete pour se d\u00e9barrasser d'un marchand d'armes qui veut envoyer une arme destructrice dans l'espace. Machete va devoir traverser le Mexique pour accomplir sa mission...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ltblMRM8clWKsjC2qQITuRN40Yr.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Trejo (Machete Cortez)", "Mel Gibson (Luther Voz)", "Demi\u00e1n Bichir (Mendez)", "Amber Heard (Blanca Vasquez / Miss San Antonio)", "Michelle Rodriguez (Luz)", "Sof\u00eda Vergara (Desdemona)", "Charlie Sheen (Mr. President)", "Jessica Alba (Sartana Rivera)", "Tom Savini (Osiris Amanpour)", "Vanessa Hudgens (Cereza Desdemona)", "Lady Gaga (La Camaleon)", "Cuba Gooding Jr. (El Camaleon)", "Antonio Banderas (El Camaleon)", "Walton Goggins (El Camaleon)", "William Sadler (Sheriff Doakes)", "Alexa PenaVega (KillJoy)", "Marko Zaror (Zaror)", "Julio Oscar Mechoso (Chepo)", "Billy Blair (Billy)", "Samuel Davis (Clebourne)", "Felix Sabates (Doc Felix)", "Electra Avellan (Nurse Mona)", "Elise Avellan (Nurse Lisa)", "Marci Madison (Nurse Fine)", "Callie Hernandez (Space Babe)", "Alejandro Antonio (Boss of Mendez)", "Crystal Martinez (Wife of Mendez)", "Corey Burton (Trailer Voice Guy (voice))", "Elon Musk (Elon Musk)", "Bruce Campbell (Goon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I wonder what drugs Rodriguez was on when he wrote this movie but he must have been under the influence of something since it is even more weird and insanely violent than his usual concoctions. What is worse it that it really is somewhat incoherent, like ideas for scenes was just strung together with no real concern for the overall picture.\r\n\r\nI did like the movie as a two-hour distraction from reality and I had quite a few laughs at the ludicrously violent scenes. Unfortunately some of them made me squirm in my seat because the where not really funny-violent but just silly-violent.\r\n\r\nCharlie Sheen as a president was a real really poor choice of actor. Mel Gibson as Voz was better and I have to confess that I do like Michelle Rodriguez. Lady Gaga? Well, \u201cbof\u201d as the French say.\r\n\r\nMachete himself, which to me was one of the main reasons for watching the movie, was also a bit of a disappointment. He walked through the movie like he was just boored being on the set. There was never any real spark.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the movie I have to say that I felt a little disappointed. As I wrote, I did like it but it never reached the levels of enjoyment that I hoped for."}], "recommandations_id": [23631, 1992, 1428, 189], "youtube_key": "TYSsoc5_uek"}