{"tmdb_id": 10679, "title": "Iron Sky", "original_title": "Iron Sky", "slug_title": "iron-sky", "date": "2012-03-10", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la fin de la seconde guerre mondiale, un petit groupe nazi s'\u00e9chappe et part se cacher sur la face cach\u00e9e de la Lune. Pendant 70 ans, ils construisent une \u00e9norme forteresse spatiale avec plein de soucoupes volantes. Mais l'alunissage d'astronautes am\u00e9ricains pr\u00e8s de la base nazi d\u00e9cide leur F\u00fchrer \u00e0 retourner sur Terre pour d\u00e9marrer le IV\u00e8me Reich...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4qyVtcCFqrlLMgHtlyxP57PI3ls.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Dietze (Renate Richter)", "Christopher Kirby (James Washington)", "G\u00f6tz Otto (Klaus Adler)", "Udo Kier (Wolfgang Kortzfleisch)", "Stephanie Paul (Jenna Bush)", "Peta Sergeant (Vivian Wagner)", "Tilo Pr\u00fcckner (Doctor Richter)", "Nick Dong-Sik (North Korean Representative)", "Yuki Iwamoto (Japanese Representative)", "Claus Wilcke (Russian Representative)", "Irshad Panjatan (Indian Representative)", "Samir Fuchs (Middle East Representative)", "Tom Ho\u00dfbach (Dieter)", "Kym Jackson (Julia McLennan)", "Jim Knobeloch (Nazi Weapons Officer)", "Monika Gossmann (Designer)", "Martin Grelis (2nd GWB Officer)", "Andrew Buchanan (3rd GWB Officer)", "Fang Yu (Chinese Representative)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a difficult movie to rate, at least for me. It certainly had its funny, even hilarious, moments but at the same time it was incredibly stupid and silly at times.\r\n\r\nThe idea of the Nazi\u2019s having fled to the moon and built a secret moon-base there was a rather original I think. On could of course wonder why, if they had that technological advantage already 1945, everything is still looking like 1945 now, why they did not have computers, even why they lost the war in the first place? But let us not get picky now\u2026it is a comedy movie after all.\r\n\r\nThere are quite a few funny moments. Most of them involving their stupor when seeing a black American astronaut and their subsequent dealing with him. Unfortunately there are also quite a few incredibly stupid and silly moments. Their depiction of the American present, her PR-people and most things revolving around here was not really very funny, just stupid. I do not mind a movie that makes fun of the American president but in this movie it was not very intelligently done, just silly. Also, using a Sarah Palin look-alike was just cheap not to mention that such a joke is lost only a few years later when no one has a clue who Sarah Palin was.\r\n\r\nThe special effects where quite cool, at least when considering that it was \u201conly\u201d a comedy movie after all and even more so considering the movies minimal budget. The Nazi\u2019s steampunk-like contraptions where rather fun to watch. \r\n\r\nIn all I would say that the movie managed to place itself in the enjoyable range, barely, but I cannot bring myself to give it a more than fairly average rating."}], "recommandations_id": [81796, 10529, 10133, 43933], "youtube_key": "4lJAw_BtM2g"}