{"tmdb_id": 106826, "title": "Pillow to Post", "original_title": "Pillow to Post", "slug_title": "pillow-to-post", "date": "1945-06-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "With a war on and most men being drafted, Howard Oil Supply Company has no salesmen left. So daughter Jean hits the road and does not make one sale. She finally gets one tentative sale with the Black Hills Oil Co., but Earl wants dinner with her. With the shortage of housing due to the war, Jean needs a military husband to get a place to stay in Clayfield, which is next to Camp Clay. She gets Lt. Mallory to act as her husband just to register. Then things go wrong as his commanding officer is there and believes them to be married. It gets worse as Don's mother shows up and then Jean's father.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8EQHuqmyudPxVYNVytQBGHCJe3z.jpg", "actors": ["Ida Lupino (Jean Howard)", "Sydney Greenstreet (Colonel Michael Otley)", "William Prince (Lieutenant Don Mallory)", "Stuart Erwin (Captain Jack Ross)", "Johnny Mitchell (Earl 'Slim' Clark)", "Ruth Donnelly (Mrs. Grace Wingate)", "Barbara Brown (Mrs. Kate Otley)", "Frank Orth (Clayfield Taxi Driver)", "Regina Wallace (Mrs. Mallory, Don's Mother)", "Willie Best (Lucille, Colonial Auto Court Porter)", "Louis Armstrong (Orchestra Leader)", "Robert Blake (Wilbur (uncredited))", "Joyce Compton (Gertrude Wilson (uncredited))", "William Conrad (First Motorcycle Cop (uncredited))", "Dorothy Dandridge (Herself - Vocalist (uncredited))", "Carol Hughes (Loolie Fisher (uncredited))", "Grady Sutton (Alex, Coast Oil Flunky (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [101269, 79521, 99674], "youtube_key": "notfound"}