{"tmdb_id": 10707, "title": "Les Berkman se s\u00e9parent", "original_title": "The Squid and the Whale", "slug_title": "les-berkman-se-separent", "date": "2005-10-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "New York, 1986. Il y a bien longtemps que les romans de Bernard n'ont plus de succ\u00e8s alors que sa femme Joan, qui \u00e9crit aussi, est en pleine ascension. Rien ne va plus entre eux. Ils ont d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de divorcer. C'est une catastrophe pour leurs deux fils, Walt, 16 ans, et Frank, 12 ans.Les deux gar\u00e7ons perdent leurs rep\u00e8res et sombrent en pleine confusion des sentiments.\u00c9cartel\u00e9s entre leurs parents, les deux adolescents vont vieillir, m\u00fbrir, parfois trop vite pour leur \u00e2ge et chacun \u00e0 leur fa\u00e7on...Entre tendresse et rage, entre remises en question et \u00e9motion, la famille traverse des situations souvent dr\u00f4les, toujours fortes, et va peu \u00e0 peu apprendre \u00e0 se red\u00e9finir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iLYLizeYjtaJL0Vga6fcc9GHfZ.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Daniels (Bernard Berkman)", "Laura Linney (Joan Berkman)", "Jesse Eisenberg (Walt Berkman)", "Owen Kline (Frank Berkman)", "William Baldwin (Ivan)", "Anna Paquin (Lili)", "David Benger (Carl)", "Elizabeth Meriwether (Graduate Student)", "Alexandra Daddario (Pretty Girl)", "Halley Feiffer (Sophie Greenberg)", "Molly Barton (Graduate Student)", "Bo Berkman (Graduate Student)", "Matthew Kaplan (Graduate Student)", "Simon Kaplan (Graduate Student)", "Matthew Kirsch (Graduate Student)", "Daniella Markowicz (Graduate Student)", "Ben Schrank (Graduate Student)", "Amy Srebnick (Graduate Student)", "Josh Srebnick (Graduate Student)", "Emma Straub (Graduate Student)", "Alan Wilkis (Graduate Student)", "James Hamilton (Man with Joan)", "Adam Rose (Otto)", "Henry Glovinsky (Lance)", "Eli Gelb (Jeffrey)", "Wayne Lawson (Talent Show Judge)", "Michael Santiago (Talent Show Judge)", "Juan Torriente (Talent Show Judge)", "Patricia Towers (Talent Show Judge)", "Peggy Gormley (Mrs. Greenberg)", "Greta Kline (Greta Greenberg)", "Melissa Meyer (Professor)", "Benjamin Smolen (Student with Puppets)", "Michael Countryman (Mr. Simic)", "Nico Baumbach (Jeb Gelber)", "Maryann Plunkett (Ms. Lemon)", "Hector Otero (Hector)", "Ken Leung (School Therapist)", "Jo Yang (Nurse)", "Andrew Kaempfer (Valet)", "Bobby Shue (Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Gripping realistic account of divorce and its consequences; it\u2019s also occasionally comical***   \r\n\r\n\u201cThe Squid and the Whale\u201d (2005) is a frank, quirky and amusing drama about a family from Brooklyn in 1986 that encounters divorce and the ramifications thereof. The father (Jeff Daniels) is a literary professor and fading author while the wife (Laura Linney) is an emerging writer, a sweet liberal who for some reason can\u2019t stop having affairs. The two boys are played by Jesse Eisenberg and Owen Kline. William Baldwin is on hand as a tennis instructor while Anna Paquin plays a college student.   \r\n\r\nThe story is unsurprisingly based on director/writer Noah Baumbach\u2019s own family\u2019s experience. I say \u201cunsurprisingly\u201d because the movie smacks of real life with its candid and sometimes comical approach.\r\n\r\nA few viewers didn\u2019t \u2018get\u2019 the father, Bernard Berkman (Daniels), and have interpreted him in an uber-negative way. Yes, he\u2019s a grotesquely competitive, pompous cheapskate, but his comical flaws are rounded out by an inherent decency. He\u2019s clearly not the unfaithful partner and wants to keep the family together. He takes the time to spend quality time with his boys and mentor them, especially Walt (Eisenberg), who idolizes him.  \r\n\r\nSpeaking of the father and Walt, Eisenberg and Daniel\u2019s characters and their performances are the highlight of this picture. Both characters are fascinating psychological studies. Eisenberg possesses the intense, intelligent charisma of James McAvoy and Brando. Is it any wonder that he went on to play The Joker in the DCEU? Winsome Halley Feiffer is on hand as his girlfriend.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of females, Anna Paquin is another highlight even while her lack of modesty isn\u2019t very becoming. Nevertheless she looks great in jeans.   \r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 21 minutes and was shot in Brooklyn, New York.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [8272, 2056, 1382, 27583]}