{"tmdb_id": 10723, "title": "A L'\u00e9preuve des balles", "original_title": "Bulletproof", "slug_title": "a-l-epreuve-des-balles", "date": "1996-09-06", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Rock Keats et Archie Moses sont les meilleurs amis du monde et se livrent \u00e0 de petits d\u00e9lits. Mais, lorsqu'ils se retrouvent m\u00ealer \u00e0 une affaire de drogue de grande envergure, Rock Keats s'av\u00e8re ne pas \u00eatre celui qu'il pr\u00e9tend.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gW5GlLqtflxtZN2Qnqv0y9gpRlK.jpg", "actors": ["Damon Wayans (Rock Keats / Jack Carter)", "Adam Sandler (Archie Moses)", "James Caan (Frank Colton)", "Robert Swenson (Bledsoe)", "James Farentino (Capt. Jensen)", "Kristen Wilson (Traci)", "Larry McCoy (Detective Sulliman)", "Allen Covert (Detective Jones)", "Bill Nunn (Finch)", "Monica Potter (Biker's Girlfriend)", "Andrew Shaifer (Cop at Airport)", "Garret Sato (Bad Guy)", "Mark Roberts (Charlie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I don't like your God. Your God scares me.\r\n\r\nStarring Adam Sandler and Damon Wayans, the former a criminal, the latter a cop, plot sees the mismatched pair thrust together to bring down a criminal kingpin (James Caan). So it's all set up nicely for a high energy action comedy from the realm of buddy buddy bonanza. Sadly it has energy to burn but the execution of the comedy is weak to the point the makers have to resort to the base level of comedy writing to try and get laughs. \r\n\r\nThe odd line raises a chuckle, but quite often this is followed by a period of inanity, which in turn is followed by a ballsy action sequence (the makers very aware they quickly need to keep the demographic genre fans back on the clock). All this while a budding bromance - that's coupled with some lame homophobic undertones (a revolver up the butt gag? Seriously?) - threatens to turn it into the Brokeback Mountain of the buddy buddy action genre of film. Hell! the screenplay even has the whiff of misogyny about it. \r\n\r\nThe stars are badly served by poor writing and direction, but they themselves are guilty of offering up a chemistry free movie that dulls the senses during all the interim talking sequences. It's hard to believe this is the same pair of actors who have The Wedding Singer and The Last Boy Scout on their respective curricula vitae. This is a waste of talent and a wasted opportunity for something fun and exciting. A pic only marginally saved by its shoot-outs and fisticuffs (for the so inclined of course). Oh and what was James Caan thinking? Working for food or what? 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11017, 9099, 6522, 13997], "youtube_key": "yfzAGAQvsz8"}