{"tmdb_id": 10748, "title": "St. Trinian's - Pensionnat pour jeunes filles rebelles", "original_title": "St. Trinian's", "slug_title": "st-trinian-s-pensionnat-pour-jeunes-filles-rebelles", "date": "2007-12-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "St Trinian's, la fameuse \u00e9cole de \"jeunes filles\", doit faire face \u00e0 la crise financi\u00e8re. La banque menace la directrice, Camilla Fritton, de fermeture. Sa doctrine peu orthodoxe de la libert\u00e9 d'expression et d'\u00e9mancipation est menac\u00e9e par le nouveau ministre de l'\u00e9ducation, Geoffrey Thwaites, d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 apporter l'ordre et la discipline \u00e0 l'\u00e9cole anarchique. Les filles de St Trinian's sont pr\u00eates \u00e0 trouver de l'argent par tous les moyens possibles pour sauver leur \u00e9cole...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7WkJDzTqWaw2j57Yx1KvoIb5eWA.jpg", "actors": ["Talulah Riley (Annabelle Fritton)", "Rupert Everett (Camilla Fritton / Carnaby Fritton)", "Gemma Arterton (Kelly Jones)", "Colin Firth (Geoffrey Thwaites)", "Lena Headey (Miss Dickinson)", "Jodie Whittaker (Beverly)", "Russell Brand (Flash Harry)", "Anna Chancellor (Miss Bagstock)", "Juno Temple (Celia)", "Tamsin Egerton (Chelsea Parker)", "Antonia Bernath (Chloe)", "Amara Karan (Peaches)", "Paloma Faith (Andrea)", "Kathryn Drysdale (Taylor)", "Lily Cole (Polly)", "Holly Mackie (Tara)", "Cloe Mackie (Tania)", "Lucy Punch (Verity Thwaites)", "Fenella Woolgar (Miss Cleaver)", "Celia Imrie (Hausmutter)", "Toby Jones (Schatzmeister)", "Caterina Murino (Miss Maupassant)", "Stephen Fry (Stephen Fry)", "Mischa Barton (JJ French)", "Tereza Srbov\u00e1 (Anoushka)", "Millie Foster (Saffron)", "Nathaniel Parker (Chairman of the National Gallery)", "Cheryl Cole (School Band Member)", "Nadine Coyle (School Band Member)", "Sarah Harding (School Band Member)", "Nicola Roberts (School Band Member)", "Kimberley Walsh (School Band Member)", "Esme Thompson (1st Year Bookie)", "Bel Parker (Aerial Girl)", "Theon Cross (Art Teacher)", "James Rawlings (Press Secretary)", "Ben Willbond (Damaged Inspector)", "Emily Bevan (Female Inspector)", "John Thompson (Male Inspector)", "Steve Furst (Bank Manager)", "Preston Thompson (Boy at the Party)", "Cato Sandford (Bedales Pupil 1)", "Jonathan Bailey (Bedales Pupil 2)", "Denise Stephenson (Denise)", "Andrew Buckley (Guard)", "Jody Halse (Guard)", "Richard Glover (Floor Runner)", "Jeremy Thompson (Sky Newscaster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ooh err missus.\r\n\r\nWhen it was announced that there was to be a modern reboot of St. Trinian\u2019s, it was met with luke warm murmurings to say the least. Yet when it comes down to it, the old films from the 50s and 60s were hardly comedy gold anyway. Safe family fare and sometimes fun into the bargain, and with strong casts, they have never been seen as essential British comedies and untouchable by the modern era\u2019s obsession with remakes and reimaging.\r\n\r\nSt. Trinian\u2019s 2007 style is not an improvement on the oldies, but neither is it the stinker some critics in 2007 wanted us to believe. It has enough about it to be its own animal, it\u2019s funny, sexy and never dull. This also benefits from strong comic casting, where the likes of Rupert Everett (having the time of his life in drag), Colin Firth and Russell Brand are pitched into the femme madness headed by Gemma Arterton and Tallulah Riley. The writers err on the side of caution as far as risqu\u00e9 material goes, but there\u2019s some very strong gags played out and the grouping of the girls into the various cliques (Emos, Chavs etc) is a nifty bit of writing that is mined to good effect.  \r\n\r\n\r\nIt was good enough and successful enough to warrant a sequel 2 years later\u2026  6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37565, 7942, 10115, 26540], "youtube_key": "sFAwSum6zfY"}