{"tmdb_id": 107540, "title": "Bewitching Attraction", "original_title": "\uc5ec\uad50\uc218\uc758 \uc740\ubc00\ud55c \ub9e4\ub825", "slug_title": "bewitching-attraction", "date": "2006-03-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "The lovely and promiscuous textile professor Eun-sook has all the male professors wrapped around her finger. It also helps that she has slept with most of them. Eun-sook is also a member of an environmental awareness group. When the popular comic book artist Suk-gyu joins the group, he arouses the jealousy of Mr. YOO, one of the other member who fears that Suk-gyu will steal Eun-sook from him. It turns out that Eun-sook and Suk-gyu attended the same junior high school where they share a secret and tragic history. Back then, Eun-sook was Suk-gyu's older brother\u2019s girlfriend. But after Eun-sook decides to sleep with Suk-gyu as well, the older brother's best friend dies in an accident in which both of them are involved. As the jealous MR.YOO starts to investigate Eun-sook and Suk-gyu's past, will their secret be kept? Will they get together again?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hcmCNsrKBfBal0pPtpwdeLkO5TB.jpg", "actors": ["Moon So-ri (Jo Eun-sook)", "Ji Jin-hee (Park Suk-gyu)", "Park Won-sang (Kim Young-ho)", "Yoo Seung-mok (Mr. Yoo)", "Jeong Woo-hyuk (Professor Moon)", "Shin Joo-ah (Myung-hee)", "Cho Seong-ha (Park Suk-ho)", "Seo Jun-young (young Suk-gyu)", "Kim Min-Kyu (young Suk-ho)", "Kim Dong-young (Jong-doo)", "Shin Cheol-jin (dean)", "Kim Young-ho (Professor Ahn)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [257640, 64223, 19591, 155049], "youtube_key": "0FCLh0tFiPY"}