{"tmdb_id": 10763, "title": "Docteur T & Les Femmes", "original_title": "Dr. T & the Women", "slug_title": "docteur-t-les-femmes", "date": "2000-09-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Le Docteur Sullivan Travis - \"Dr T\" pour les intimes - est le gyn\u00e9cologue favori des dames de la haute bourgeoisie de Dallas. Ses qualit\u00e9s humaines et professionnelles, sa discr\u00e9tion et son \u00e9l\u00e9gance naturelle ont fid\u00e9lis\u00e9 une nombreuse client\u00e8le. Son cabinet ne d\u00e9semplit pas et le Dr T est perp\u00e9tuellement d\u00e9bord\u00e9, malgr\u00e9 les efforts de son assistante Caroline, qui l'aime en secret.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AwnZdOBO1PVb7fIpPAHUf9XQs4K.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Gere (Dr. T)", "Helen Hunt (Bree)", "Liv Tyler (Marilyn)", "Kate Hudson (Dee Dee)", "Farrah Fawcett (Kate)", "Laura Dern (Peggy)", "Shelley Long (Carolyn)", "Tara Reid (Connie)", "Robert Hays (Harlan)", "Matt Malloy (Bill)", "Andy Richter (Eli)", "Lee Grant (Dr. Harper)", "Janine Turner (Dorothy Chambliss)", "Jeanne Evans (First Exam Patient)", "Sarah Shahi (Cheerleader Extra (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "xenocast", "content": "After writing three high-praise reviews, I tried to think of the worst movie that I'd ever sat through and this movie came to mind, front and center. I've sat through plenty of \"chick flicks\" but even by chick flick standards this one is just horrible. (to give this a more modern reference, I rate this one below \"The Vow\" on the painful to watch scale. If The Vow is a broken femur, Dr. T and the Women is everlasting torment in the 9th circle of Hell.) \r\n\r\nI try to look for the good in any movie, and I have plenty of low budget favorites as well as many Hollywood, blockbuster favorites.  I've actually seen Dr. T. and the Women, movie on people's \"Favorites\" lists and I scratch my head and the only conclusion I can come up with is that the people that made this movie and actually like this movie are infatuated with Richard Gere and he could just stand in front of a camera doing anything at random for 90 minutes and these persons would have a deep admiration of the film...  As a movie there is just nothing here. It is an absolute piece of c. I honestly believe that this movie could cause brain damage. Honestly I generally like Richard Gere movies, be they chick flick or not, but this is just an abomination. And if you absolutely have to see Helen Hunt in a \"B\" movie checkout Trancers. At least there is no pretense."}], "recommandations_id": [431230, 20096, 23570, 2610], "youtube_key": "notfound"}