{"tmdb_id": 107779, "title": "Lord Byron of Broadway", "original_title": "Lord Byron of Broadway", "slug_title": "lord-byron-of-broadway", "date": "1930-02-28", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6aD10Gvnnfg1EKYo4CmL4iA5xx.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Kaley (Roy Erskine)", "Ethelind Terry (Ardis Trevelyn)", "Cliff Edwards (Joe Lundeen)", "Marion Shilling (Nancy)", "Gwen Lee (Bessie)", "Benny Rubin (Phil)", "Drew Demorest (Edwards)", "Jack Byron (Mr. Millaire)", "Rita Flynn (Red Head)", "Hazel Craven (Blondie)", "Gino Corrado (Riccardi)", "Pauline Paquette (Marie)", "Iris Adrian (Lady In The Audience)", "Jack Benny (Voice on Radio)", "Ann Dvorak (Chorus Girl)", "Bill Elliott (Party-Goer)", "Eddie Kane (Song Publisher)", "Virginia Sale (Flirty Dowager)", "Larry Steers (Larry - Master of Ceremonies)", "Jack Harvey (Undetermined Role)", "Mary Doran (Roy's Ex-Sweetheart (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank F", "content": "Roy is a competent songwriter, but he does not have ideas for great songs. He easily gets into relationships with women who find him very attractive and easy to talk to. Roy realizes that some of the stories he hears will make excellent song material. Although the material is given to him freely by a trusting, woman in love, he does not realize (or perhaps care) that he has no real right to the stories about others.\r\n\r\nA very good early musical, including some color sequences. The audio quality and choreography are excellent. The sexual references are strong and only possible during this pre-code era. The plot is fairly simple, believable and well executed.  The lead actor is sometimes a bit weak on delivery."}], "recommandations_id": []}