{"tmdb_id": 10779, "title": "Fant\u00f4mes contre fant\u00f4mes", "original_title": "The Frighteners", "slug_title": "fantomes-contre-fantomes", "date": "1996-07-18", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Un architecte m\u00e9dium arnaque les habitants de sa ville avec l'aide de ses amis revenants. Lorsque plusieurs habitants ont des infarctus, il est le coupable id\u00e9al aux yeux de la population. Il va devoir faire appel aux fant\u00f4mes pour s'en sortir et affronter un v\u00e9ritable spectre-tueur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cS3QPtMsE1jsEWUww5WsPE275Jb.jpg", "actors": ["Michael J. Fox (Frank Bannister)", "Jeffrey Combs (Milton Dammers)", "Jake Busey (Johnny Charles Bartlett)", "Chi McBride (Cyrus)", "Trini Alvarado (Dr. Lucy Lynskey)", "Peter Dobson (Ray Lynskey)", "John Astin (The Judge)", "Jim Fyfe (Stuart)", "Troy Evans (Sheriff Walt Perry)", "Julianna McCarthy (Old Lady Bradley)", "R. Lee Ermey (Sgt. Hiles)", "Elizabeth Hawthorne (Magda Rees-Jones)", "Melanie Lynskey (Deputy)", "Stuart Devenie (Museum Curator)", "Leslie Wing (Mrs. Waterhouse)", "Dee Wallace (Patricia Ann Bradley)", "Michael Robinson (Deputy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "When a man's jawbone drops off it's time to reassess the situation.\r\n\r\nPeter Jackson's The Frighteners is an odd blend of outright comedy and supernatural thriller, if able to get onside with that then there's a whole lot to enjoy. Plot essential has Michael J. Fox as a psychic who really can see dead people, so much so in fact that he has befriended three ghosts and makes a living out of setting up hauntings and charging people to exorcise the spirits. However, things turn decidedly deadly when he encounters a grim reaper like spirit that is killing people and putting a number on their foreheads. It seems there is a serial killing spirit on the loose.\r\n\r\nFrank Bannister (Fox) is grieving from the death of his wife and he has become a conman, this is an interesting characterisation for Fox to play and he does so with relish. Initially the pic is all about the comedy, with Bannister's interactions with the three ghosts devilishly funny. Ok, the effects work now look a bit crude, but there's a vibrancy on offer both visually and orally.\r\n\r\nCome the second third the pic shifts into a serial killer investigation and the narrative gets dark. Oh there's still fun in the mix, but Jackson and his team are toying with the very real facet of a celebrity serial killer (ebulliently played by Jake Busey). Trini Alvarado (what happened to her?) is playing what ends up as Bannister's side-kick and love interest and the pair of them are thrust into a frantic final third of a life and death battle with Busey's psychotic spirit Johnny Bartlett. Bartlett in turn is aided by mentally ill Patricia Bradley (horror icon Dee Wallace Stone), while an outrageously over the top Jeffrey Combs is in the mix as a damaged FBI agent intent on destroying bannister and all he stands for.\r\n\r\nWhen you strip it down it's a live action horror comedy cartoon, which when you look in context to Jackson's early work is not surprising. It's also not surprising that The Frighteners has become a cult movie of some standing. The bonkers plot, the close to the knuckle humour and choice narrative threads make it a fascinating viewing experience. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [4961, 763, 9529, 9276], "youtube_key": "zmQxM32PWRM"}