{"tmdb_id": 107846, "title": "\u00c9vasion", "original_title": "Escape Plan", "slug_title": "evasion", "date": "2013-10-09", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Ray Breslin est un ing\u00e9nieur sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans la conception de prisons ultra-s\u00e9curis\u00e9es. Il teste lui-m\u00eame l\u2019efficacit\u00e9 de ses b\u00e2timents en se faisant enfermer puis en s\u2019\u00e9vadant. Contact\u00e9 par une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 priv\u00e9e souhaitant tester un concept r\u00e9volutionnaire de prison high-tech, il se retrouve prisonnier. Pi\u00e9g\u00e9 dans ce complexe ultra-moderne, harcel\u00e9 par un directeur impitoyable et son gardien corrompu, Ray d\u00e9couvre une conspiration pour le faire dispara\u00eetre \u00e0 jamais. Sa seule chance de survie\u00a0: une alliance avec Emil Rottmayer, un cod\u00e9tenu ayant lui aussi un secret. Pour avoir une chance de s\u2019\u00e9vader, ils vont d\u2019abord devoir se faire confiance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5smssL3TNYVEyyHWZ1LlpWTgWXw.jpg", "actors": ["Sylvester Stallone (Ray Breslin)", "Arnold Schwarzenegger (Emil Rottmayer)", "Jim Caviezel (Willard Hobbes)", "Vinnie Jones (Drake)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Lester Clark)", "Sam Neill (Dr. Kyrie)", "Amy Ryan (Abigail Ross)", "50 Cent (Hush)", "Matt Gerald (Roag)", "Faran Tahir (Javed)", "Caitriona Balfe (Jessica Miller)", "David Joseph Martinez (Captain Baradah)", "Alec Rayme (Pilot)", "Christian Stokes (Babcock)", "David Leitch (Second Lieutenant)", "Lydia Hull (Receptionist)", "Brian Oerly (Skinhead Prisoner)", "Jeff Chase (Prisoner Beaten By Breslin)", "Michael Papajohn (Prisoner Beaten By Breslin)", "Christopher Matthew Cook (Voice (voice))", "Jay Amor (Sleek Moroccan)", "John L. Armijo (Inmate / Moroccan Cop)", "Joseph Aviel (Prison Guard)", "Tim Bell (State Trooper)", "Steven Krueger (Gabriel)", "James Rawlings (Babylon Guard)", "Graham Beckel (Brims)", "Jaylen Moore (Console Guard #1)", "Stephen Livaudais (Console Guard #2)", "Rodney Feaster (Front Gate Guard)", "Eric R Salas (Screaming Prisoner)", "Dieter Rauter (Rottmayer Stand-In)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "debweb99", "content": "This movie is a must see!! Stallone and Schwarzenegger may be aging but they still have it!! Definitely will still in our video library!!"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a movie that had more or less escaped under my radar until I saw it mentioned in one of my news feeds as a Blu-ray giveaway a couple of days ago. Given that it had both Stallone and Schwarzenegger in it, it was really a must buy for me.\r\n\r\nThe escape from prison plot theme is not exactly a new idea but must be considered a rather classical one. A lot of great books and movies have, if not been centered around that theme so at least had it as a major plot element. I would say that it is rather difficult to make a new movie on this theme these days without it feeling a bit stale.\r\n\r\nDuring my movie evening yesterday I was happy to find that this one succeeds quite well in not feeling stale. It also succeeds very well in pairing together Stallone and Schwarzenegger without making it deteriorate into some action hero parody.\r\n\r\nThe basic plot is in one sense the classical hero gets framed, thrown into jail and has to escape. In another sense it is slightly unconventional in that our hero is not only an escape artist, or rather an escape specialist, but a legal one at that.\r\n\r\nBoth Stallone and Schwarzenegger are doing a good job of their roles. We all know that these two actors are not exactly Shakespeare-material and is not really competing for any acting Oscars but they do deliver solid performance as male, though-guy, heroes.\r\n\r\nThe bad guy at the prison is not too bad, in terms of performance, either. The one person I felt was a bit meh was the guy who set Breslin up. I also think they could have made more of a show in nailing that bastard in the end. Not that he did not get what he deserved but I missed a \u201cI\u2019m back\u201d moment with a confrontation between Breslin and him.\r\n\r\nOn the whole a quite enjoyable movie even though the prison break theme is not one of my favorite ones. Oh, and as usual Rotten Tomatoes \u201cofficial\u201d rating is pure nonsense. Due to their idiotic rating mechanism they flag it as rotten which it most certainly is not."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The Stallone/Schwarzenegger team-up we've deserved for 30 years. And it's a good thing that the part of the movie with the two of them together worked, because everything outside of that sucks. But _Escape Plan_ does work exclusively off the back of the two experiences we get to see of them in gaol.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [138103, 136400, 225574, 76640]}