{"tmdb_id": 10785, "title": "La Chose d'un autre monde", "original_title": "The Thing from Another World", "slug_title": "la-chose-d-un-autre-monde", "date": "1951-04-29", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Un extraterrestre v\u00e9g\u00e9tal est recueilli congel\u00e9 dans la banquise par les membres d'une base am\u00e9ricaine en Alaska. Les militaires veulent le d\u00e9truire, mais les scientifiques penchent pour l'\u00e9tude. Le r\u00e9veil de la chose donnera raison aux soldats.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jb4gPm7A5nKikStVu5IiRw3vqzd.jpg", "actors": ["Margaret Sheridan (Nikki)", "Kenneth Tobey (Captain Patrick Hendry)", "Robert Cornthwaite (Dr. Arthur Carrington)", "Douglas Spencer (Ned 'Scotty' Scott)", "James Young (Lt. Eddie Dykes)", "Dewey Martin (Crew Chief Bob)", "Robert Nichols (Lt. Ken 'Mac' Erickson)", "William Self (Corporal Barnes)", "Eduard Franz (Dr. Stern)", "Sally Creighton (Mrs. Chapman)", "James Arness ('The Thing')", "Nicholas Byron (Tex Richards)", "George Fenneman (Dr. Redding)", "Paul Frees (Prof. Voorhees)", "Everett Glass (Prof. Wilson)", "Norbert Schiller (Dr. Lorenz)", "Edmond Breon (Prof. Ambrose)", "John Dierkes (Dr. Chapman)", "William Neff (Bill Stone)", "David McMahon (Gen. Fogarty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There are no enemies in science, only phenomena to be studied.  \r\n\r\nThe Thing from Another World is set at The North Pole and finds a bunch of U.S. airmen, scientists and a journalist getting more than they bargained for when they investigate a space craft frozen in the ice. \r\n\r\nWhat is most striking about the film is the basic human story of team work, the pulling together of mankind during a crisis, this theme is a big shift from the short story by John W Campbell Jr. (Who Goes There?). Where that story and later John Carpenter's wonderful remake focused on paranoia and mistrust, this film is something of the \"polar\" opposite (literally) as regards the group in peril. It bears all the hallmarks of producer Howard Hawks, who clearly influenced Nyby's direction. The script, with its pros and cons of a military and scientific society, is very much of its time, blending po-faced observations with straight backed joviality. But this all works in the films favour and helps define it as one of the most important science fiction pictures ever made. \r\n\r\nAlong with the other major sci-fi movie of 1951, The Day the Earth Stood Still, \"The Thing\" firmly brought the visitor from outer space idea into the public conscious. But where the former film intellectualised its alien visitor, resplendent with a message of worth, the latter is about terror, pushing forward the notion that the visitor here is a monster that wants to drink our blood and attempt World domination. No major effects work is needed here because one of the pics highlights is only glimpsing the creature (James Arness) in little snippets, and this after we are made to wait for some time before things really kick off. This begs us to think for ourselves as regards this stalking menace, putting us firmly with this intrepid group of people, and we want to see them survive and we do care if they can or do succeed. \r\n\r\nThe low end budget doesn't hamper the atmosphere or flow, in fact Nyby, Hawks, cinematographer Russell Harlan and music maestro Dimitri Tiomkin, work wonders to ensure there's a level of authenticity to the Arctic base and that peril is never far away. Not hindered by many of the clich\u00e9s that would dominate similar themed genre pieces that followed it, film neatly taps into fears that were to become prevalent as the 50s wore on. It may not be perfect, but a genre star it still be - so watch the sky tonight indeed. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11071, 11549, 13666, 8974], "youtube_key": "vs2lXH1aFZ0"}