{"tmdb_id": 107985, "title": "Le Dernier Pub avant la fin du monde", "original_title": "The World's End", "slug_title": "le-dernier-pub-avant-la-fin-du-monde", "date": "2013-07-18", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Il y a vingt ans, Gary, Andrew, Oliver, Steven et Peter \u00e9taient jeunes et fous et aimaient faire la tourn\u00e9e des bars. Les cinq amis d'enfance se souviennent avec nostalgie, enfin surtout Gary, d'une soir\u00e9e \u00e9pique, o\u00f9 ils avaient \u00e9cum\u00e9 les douze pubs de la ville. Ce temps l\u00e0 est loin derri\u00e8re sauf pour Gary, qui refuse obstin\u00e9ment de mener une vie rang\u00e9e. Celui-ci d\u00e9cide de r\u00e9unir ses amis pour un nouveau marathon de la boisson. D'abords r\u00e9ticents, ces derniers finissent par c\u00e9der et ensemble, ils se rendent donc dans leur ville natale, pour aller dans le seul pub o\u00f9 ils n'ont jamais mis les pieds, le myst\u00e9rieux \u00abThe World's End\u00bb, d\u00e9sormais peupl\u00e9 de robots extraterrestres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dsrc7sMjNm5KOr6YpwVKqQGD41Y.jpg", "actors": ["Simon Pegg (Gary King)", "Nick Frost (Andrew Knightley)", "Martin Freeman (Oliver Chamberlain)", "Eddie Marsan (Peter Page)", "Paddy Considine (Steven Prince)", "Rosamund Pike (Sam Chamberlain)", "Pierce Brosnan (Guy Shepherd)", "David Bradley (Basil)", "Thomas Law (Young Gary)", "Zachary Bailess (Young Andy)", "Jasper Levine (Young Steven)", "James Tarpey (Young Peter)", "Luke Bromley (Young Oliver)", "Sophie Evans (Becky Salt)", "Samantha White (Erika Leekes)", "Rose Reynolds (Tracy Benson)", "Richard Hadfield (Young Shane)", "Flora Slorach (Young Sam)", "Francesca Reidie (Teenage Twins)", "Charlotte Reidie (Teenage Twins)", "Michael Smiley (Reverend Green)", "Alex Austin (Pale Young Man)", "Jonathan Aris (Group Leader)", "Jenny Bede (Fitness Instructor (26))", "Angie Wallis (Peter's Wife)", "Paul Bentall (Peter's Dad)", "Richard Graham (Head Builder)", "Alice Lowe (Young Lady)", "Rafe Spall (Young Man)", "Leo Thompson (Felicity)", "Steve Oram (Motorcycle Policeman)", "Julia Deakin (B & B Landlady)", "Greg Townley (Greg)", "Sebastian Zaniesienko (Seb)", "Luke Scott (Luke)", "Tyler Dobbs (Tyler)", "Samuel Mak (Sam)", "Teddy Kempner (Publican 1)", "Mark Kempner (Publican 2)", "Nick Holder (Publican 3)", "Darren Boyd (Shane Hawkins)", "Paul Kennington (Publican 5)", "Mike Sarne (Publican 6)", "Reece Shearsmith (Collaborator)", "Nicholas Burns (Collaborator)", "Mark Heap (Publican 7)", "Kelly Franklin (Kelly)", "Stacey Franklin (Stacey)", "James Granstrom (Adrian Keane)", "Gabe Cronnelly (Upstairs Beehive Man)", "Patricia Franklin (Upstairs Beehive Lady)", "\ube4c \ub098\uc774 (The Network (voice))", "Mark Donovan (Big Ugly Bastard)", "Ricky Champ (Big Ugly Bastard)", "Ken Bones (Publican 13)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "kineticandroid", "content": "A classmate planted the phrase, \"I didn't believe the ending,\" in my head when talking about this movie. That's the phrase that first came to me when the climax eventually arrived. It just didn't seem plausible for me that an all-powerful alien race was that convinced by the drunken rants of three middle-aged British men to forgo their invasion goals and bring about the technology apocalypse. \r\n\r\nHere's why that ultimately doesn't matter to me. Edgar Wright knows how to stage exciting comedies and The World's End made me laugh (Gary's confidence in the beginning, the boys arguing over the term robot, Martin Freeman with a football head, and so on and so forth.) But more importantly, it showed me what a great comedy with a clear point of view looks like. Specifically, it made me think not just about the end of the world, but about nostalgia's dark side and the things people put in their way to numb what they don't like in their present. Check out Simon Pegg's performance, which shows some powerfully realistic pathos behind the funny screw-up that Gary is."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Just three cornetto's, give them to me!\r\n\r\nWho's the helmet without a helmet?\r\n\r\nSimon Pegg, Nick Frost and Edgar Wright reconvene to close down the cornetto trilogy that had began with Sean of the Dead and Hot Fuzz. Here we find Pegg as a card carrying alcoholic who coerces his old mates into undertaking a fabled drinking binge in their home town of New Haven. But things are not as they used to be...\r\n\r\nThis simply isn't on the same level as \"Sean and Fuzz\", but that doesn't remotely make it a duffer of a film. Weight of expectation was enormous, and rightly so, but although it doesn't carry the mighty comedic gold of the first two films, it has fun, cheek and emotion in abundance. In fact its biggest crime is not being the final film so many legions of fans were hoping for. If stripping back those expectations and original disappointments, then repeat viewings bring plentiful rewards.\r\n\r\nRiffing on science fiction films, pic's story cunningly observes male behaviour, most notably the man-child effect and the refusal to let the past stay in the past, the pic begins in almost solemn fashion and ends in daring chaos. Along the way there's a whole host of sly visual gags to catch, whilst the caustic concerns for once vibrant towns brought down by soulless entertainment chains positively fizzles with poignant awareness.\r\n\r\nNo doubt about it, Wright and Pegg call their own shots, which is ultimately refreshing in an era of film making struggling to keep its head above the sequel and remake swamp. Choice dialogue, some of which is very British in street core, and some laugh out loud moments, off set the more juvenile moments filtered through the plot.\r\n\r\nA super cast has been assembled, where series regulars either star or cameo to further emphasise the constant of the cornetto trilogy - that of film lovers making films for film lovers, with camaraderie of cast set in stone. The sound track choices sparkle, a mix of Brit-Pop, Madchester and era defining popsters (Old Red Eyes Is Back by The Beautiful South has never been so pertinently used). All baked in a superb period tinted pie.\r\n\r\nThere's something of an action overload, while some tonal shifts have understandably proved to be confusing to some. But this still showcases - in credit - the considerable talents of Messrs Wright, Pegg and Frost. Teen angst machismo, alcoholism and hidden passions clash with Invasion of the Body Snatchers! It shouldn't work, but it does! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [4638, 747, 39513, 59678]}