{"tmdb_id": 107, "title": "Snatch, tu braques ou tu raques", "original_title": "Snatch", "slug_title": "snatch-tu-braques-ou-tu-raques", "date": "2000-09-01", "genre": "Thriller / Crime", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Franky vient de voler un \u00e9norme diamant qu'il doit livrer \u00e0 Avi, un mafieux new-yorkais. En chemin, il fait escale \u00e0 Londres o\u00f9 il se laisse convaincre par Boris de parier sur un combat de boxe clandestin. Il ignore, bien s\u00fbr, qu'il s'agit d'un coup mont\u00e9 avec Vinny et Sol, afin de le d\u00e9lester de son magnifique caillou. Turkish et Tommy, eux, ont un probl\u00e8me avec leur boxeur, un gitan compl\u00e8tement f\u00eal\u00e9 qui refuse de se coucher au quatri\u00e8me round comme pr\u00e9vu. C'est au tour d'Avi de d\u00e9barquer, bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer son bien, avec l'aide de Tony, une l\u00e9gende de la g\u00e2chette.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7v0DxgYK1AzcOyu2vNMINzaySuA.jpg", "actors": ["Benicio del Toro (Franky Four Fingers)", "Dennis Farina (Abraham 'Cousin Avi' Denovitz)", "Vinnie Jones (Bullet Tooth Tony)", "Brad Pitt (Mickey O'Neil)", "Rade Serbedzija (Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov)", "Jason Statham (Turkish)", "Alan Ford (Brick Top Polford)", "Mike Reid (Doug 'The Head' Denovitz)", "Robbie Gee (Vincent)", "Lennie James (Sol)", "Ewen Bremner (Mullet)", "Jason Flemyng (Darren)", "Ade (Tyrone)", "Andy Beckwith (Errol)", "Charles Cork (MC)", "Sorcha Cusack (Mum O'Neil)", "Stephen Graham (Tommy)", "Dave Legeno (John)", "Trevor Steedman (Bomber Harris)", "Yuri Stepanov (Himy)", "Velibor Topic (The Russian)", "Liam McMahon (Gypsy Man)", "Tim Faraday (Policeman)", "Guy Ritchie (Man Reading Newspaper (uncredited))", "Elwin 'Chopper' David (Boxer (uncredited))", "William Beck (Neil)", "Sam Douglas (Rosebud)", "Adam Fogerty (Gorgeous George)", "Eric Meyers (Avi's Colleague)", "Jason Buckham (Gary)", "Mickey Cantwell (Liam)", "Nicola Collins (Alex)", "Teena Collins (Susi)", "James Cunningham (Horrible Man)", "Mickey Dee (Jack the All Seeing Eye)", "Goldie (Bad Boy Lincoln)", "Sid Hoare (Reuben)", "Ronald Isaac (Referee)", "Chuck Julian (Michael)", "Jason Ninh Cao (Charlie)", "Paul O'Boyle (Patrick)", "Jimmy Roussounis (Paulie)", "Sidney Sedin (Pauline)", "Peter Szakacs (Sausage Charlie)", "John Taheny (Salt Peter)", "Mick Theo (Mad Fist Willy)", "Andy Till (John the Gun)", "Scott Welch (Horace 'Good Night' Anderson)", "Michael Hughes (Gypsy Man)", "James Warren (Gypsy Man)", "Austin Drage (Gypsy Kid)", "Liam Donaghy (Gypsy Kid)", "Joe Williams (Gypsy Kid)", "John Farnell (Brick Top's Henchman)", "Shaun Pearson (Brick Top's Henchman)", "Dean Smith (Brick Top's Henchman)", "Roy Snell (Brick Top's Henchman)", "Andrew Shield (Policeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In the quiet words of the Virgin Mary... come again?\r\n\r\nSnatch seems to be one of those spunky British gangster films that critics are divided on, yet it's loved by the target audience. Guy Ritchie has done a Sam Raimi, he has remade the first film that put him on the cinematic map. Where Raimi remade The Evil Dead, and just called it Evil Dead II, Ritchie cheekily tries to get away with remaking Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and calling it Snatch. Sure the circumstances in plotting are different, and there's a big American star brought in to beef things up for the global market, but it's the same movie and without doubt it's lazy film making. But it still - like Evil Dead II - Rocks!\r\n\r\nSnatch in story terms is concerned with a big diamond that stitches together a number of threads involving the London underworld. Some rough and tough Romany types join in the fun, headed by a purposely illegible Brad Pitt, while Dennis Farina, Benicio Del Toro and Rade Serbedzija add more cosmopolitan meat to the crooks and gangster stew. The British cement holding the building up comes in the twin forms of Jason Statham and Stephen Graham, with Vinnie Jones once again turning up to frighten the masses. Everything from bare knuckle fighting to bumbled robberies - to dog fighting and shifty arcade empires - are here, with Ritchie writing characterisations that positively boom off of the screen. \r\n\r\nAs with \"Lock-Stock\", the beauty is in the way violence and humour are deftly blended. Scenes are often bloody but also bloody funny, a pearl of dialogue is never far away from a perilous situation. The comic tone is more close to the knuckle here, Ritchie having fun toying with ethnic and machismo stereotypes, while he brings his bag of visual tricks before it got boring. The narrative is deliciously complex, but much credit to Ritchie for the way he pulls all the threads neatly together in a whirl of scene splicing and cocky literary assuredness.\r\n\r\nSo it's \"Lock-Stock 2\" then! No bad thing if you happen to be a fan of that sort of wide boy malarkey. If you don't like it? Then jog on sunshine. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [100, 13809, 187, 2118]}