{"tmdb_id": 10829, "title": "Tremors 3 - Le retour", "original_title": "Tremors 3: Back to Perfection", "slug_title": "tremors-3-le-retour", "date": "2001-10-02", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Au fin fond du Nevada, dans le petite ville de Perfection, des monstres d\u00e9voreurs d'hommes s\u00e8ment l'horreur et la d\u00e9solation. Burt Gummer, accompagn\u00e9 de ses deux collaborateurs, va tout faire pour se d\u00e9barasser de ces monstres terrifiants avant que la ville de Perfection soit d\u00e9finitivement ray\u00e9e de la carte...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8OjcWsi0czN3M7YBeje8rQnDhze.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Gross (Burt Gummer)", "Shawn Christian (Desert Jack Sawyer)", "Susan Chuang (Jodi Chang)", "Charlotte Stewart (Nancy Sterngood)", "Ariana Richards (Mindy Sterngood)", "Tony Genaro (Miguel)", "Lorna Scott (Tourist Lady)", "Barry Livingston (Dr. Andrew Merliss)", "John Pappas (Agent Charlie Rusk)", "Billy Rieck (Buford)", "Robert Jayne (Melvin Plug)", "Elena Sahagun (Argentine Reporter)", "Jason Hopkins (Tourist Kid)", "Mary Gross (Tourist Mom)", "Javi Mulero (Argentine Producer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Tremors 3: Back to Perfection.\r\n\r\nAss Blasters R US!\r\n\r\nThe third movie in the Tremors series of films is adequate entertainment for the fans. Michael Gross returns as Burt, who in turn returns to Perfection to find it a tourist haven of Graboid fans. Into the mix is a nefarious real estate deal that threatens the very existence of the townsfolk. But of course, the Graboids and their mutated offspring don\u2019t care about such things.\r\n\r\nIf not expecting too much then this serves up some good straight to video fun. The formula remains the same, with Burt the paranoid saviour of perfection getting some good lines, while the return of characters from the first film is a splendid bonus for the fans. There\u2019s some snarky asides to the perils/cheats of tourist traps, and the real estate rape of the land angle is driven home without over kill. Safe if undemanding creature feature fare. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11069, 10891, 339530, 9362]}