{"tmdb_id": 108483, "title": "Taste of Excitement", "original_title": "Taste of Excitement", "slug_title": "taste-of-excitement", "date": "1970-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "A man has been killed on the Dover/Boulogne car ferry. What is the connection between him and the attempts being made to kill Jane Kerrell, a young girl in her early twenties? As she speeds through the French countryside to the South of France, several attempts are made on her life as she is deliberately forced off the road by another car. But when she reports these attempts, the local Cap Ferrat Police Inspector and the sinister psychiatrist, Dr. Forla believe these attempts are in her imagination and Dr Forla, concludes that Jane is mentally disturbed. At her wits end Jane finds an ally in the young English painter, Paul Hedley who finally believes her life is in danger following an attempt to murder him. When Inspector Malling of Scotland Yard and Mr. Breese arrive in Cap Ferrat trying to uncover the connection between Jane and the murdered man on the ferry, this thrilling puzzle of international intrigue begins to unravel against the backdrop of the French Riviera.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tAKKvzo8urY6BEBFAP8E75iNIy6.jpg", "actors": ["Eva Renzi (Jane Kerrell)", "Peter Bowles (Guardi)", "David Buck (Paul Hedley)", "Peter Vaughan (Inspector Malling)", "Paul Hubschmid (Herr Beiber)", "Sophie Hardy (Michela)", "Kay Walsh (Miss Barrow)", "Francis Matthews (Mr. Breese)", "George Pravda (Dr. Forla)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}