{"tmdb_id": 108743, "title": "L'Auberge de la terreur", "original_title": "Terror at Red Wolf Inn", "slug_title": "l-auberge-de-la-terreur", "date": "1972-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Regina, \u00e9tudiante, vient de gagner un s\u00e9jour de d\u00e9tente \u00e0 la paisible auberge Red Wolf. Les propri\u00e9taires de l'auberge insistent tellement pour qu'elle vienne le plus t\u00f4t possible, qu'elle n'a m\u00eame pas le temps de pr\u00e9venir quiconque de son d\u00e9part pour ce lieu. L\u00e0-bas, elle y retrouve deux jeunes femmes qui, comme elle, ont \u00e9t\u00e9 invit\u00e9es dans cette auberge. Les propri\u00e9taires sont extr\u00eamement gentils, le paysage merveilleux et la nourriture vraiment formidable, notamment ces viandes grill\u00e9es au barbecue, mais au lieu de profiter de tout cela, Regina ressent un l\u00e9ger malaise. Malaise renforc\u00e9 suite \u00e0 la disparition inqui\u00e9tante de l'une des deux autres invit\u00e9es des lieux\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6f9Ucn1HJLhrsVInRQSBqZwSoeJ.jpg", "actors": ["Linda Gillen (Regina McKee)", "John Neilson (Baby John Smith)", "Arthur Space (Henry Smith)", "Janet Wood (Pamela)", "Mary Jackson (Evelyn Smith)", "Margaret Avery (Edwina)", "Michael Macready (Jonathan the Deputy)", "Earl Parker (Paul the Pilot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Growing up in Canada in the 70's and 80's, my mom always told me I always had to clean my plate, because of all the children starving in other parts of the world, and of course this way of thinking was further imbedded in me from Roger Waters' saying I couldn't have dessert without eating all of my meat. Such underlying thoughts readily came to mind when watching the surreal dinner party scenes in the early stages of Regina's stay at Red Wolf Inn. I have to admit that I should have come across this before, but I had never previously come across it, and in fact hadn't seen any cannibalistic horror film until in my undergraduate days, when 'Silence of the Lambs' hit the theatres.\r\n\r\nI really enjoyed watching this, though I wish it wasn't the made-for-television cut that's in my Mill Creek 'Nightmare Worlds' 50-pack. The three girls who were invited were gorgeous, 'Baby John' reminded me of a cross between a very young Robert Redford and 'Thelma and Louise'-era Brad Pitt, and even though the direction is uneven and it is a tad slow in spots, the big reveal with 20 minutes to go is very well-done, and the end sequence is one of the most enjoyable I have ever seen. Well worth your time if you like exploitation/horror/B-movies from the 70's, even in the slightest."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "7t05GovKfjk"}