{"tmdb_id": 10873, "title": "L'Ombre du vampire", "original_title": "Shadow of the Vampire", "slug_title": "l-ombre-du-vampire", "date": "2000-05-15", "genre": "Drame / Horreur", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "1921, quelque part en Europe de l'Est, le realisateur allemand Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau tourne \"Nosferatu\", un film de vampires inspire du \"Dracula\" de Bram Stoker. Il fait appel a Max Schreck pour tenir le role principal, celui du terrifiant comte Orlock. Les membres de l'equipe du film, menes par le genial demiurge, se pretent de plus ou moins bonne grace aux etranges faceties de Schreck.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gKEjq5epVsdfv36HR7AWdjDfoSL.jpg", "actors": ["John Malkovich (F. W. Murnau)", "Willem Dafoe (Max Schreck)", "Udo Kier (Albin Grau)", "Cary Elwes (Fritz Arno Wagner)", "Catherine McCormack (Greta Schr\u00f6der)", "Eddie Izzard (Gustav von Wangenhein)", "Aden Gillett (Henrik Galeen)", "Nicholas Elliott (Paul)", "Ronan Vibert (Wolfgang M\u00fcller)", "Sophie Langevin (Elke)", "Myriam Muller (Maria)", "Milos Hlavac (Innkeeper)", "Marja-Leena Junker (Innkeeper's Wife)", "Derek Kueter (Reporter 1)", "Norman Golightly (Reporter 2)", "Sascha Ley (Drunken Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Did I kill one of your people, Murnau? I can't remember.\r\n\r\nF.W. Murnau (John Malkovich) is filming Nosferatu (1922), but isn't reclusive star Max Schreck (Willem Dafoe) taking his role of the vampire way too seriously?\r\n\r\nIn some ways it's a curate's egg of a film. It certainly helps if you are a lover of old classic film and have some knowledge of the source material at the film's core. It's a fabulous concept that the screenplay is based around, that the star of the film may actually be a real vampire, and the whole production is executed with consummate skill (Dafoe was deservedly Oscar nominated as were make-up artists Ann Buchanan & Amber Sibley). But come the end it fizzles out and proves to not have delivered on its devilishly intriguing premise. Fun, though, and tech credits all round keep one well involved. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11879, 16148, 4961, 11980]}