{"tmdb_id": 10885, "title": "Spirits", "original_title": "Shutter", "slug_title": "spirits", "date": "2008-03-21", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'elle vient juste de l'\u00e9pouser, Jane accompagne Ben \u00e0 Tokyo o\u00f9 il doit faire des photos de mode pour un magazine. Au cours d'une excursion en voiture au Mont Fuji, les deux jeunes gens renversent une jeune fille apparue soudainement sur la route. Malgr\u00e9 leurs recherches, le corps reste introuvable.Bien que choqu\u00e9, le couple tente de reprendre une vie normale, mais Jane ne se sent pas \u00e0 l'aise dans cette ville \u00e9trang\u00e8re alors que Ben y a ses habitudes. Apr\u00e8s sa s\u00e9ance de travail, le jeune homme d\u00e9couvre une forme blanche vaguement humaine sur tous ses clich\u00e9s. Pour Jane, il ne peut s'agir que du fant\u00f4me de la jeune fille de la route, revenu pour accomplir sa vengeance...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2mmyH0mBzgJhq7x5eFyGfc1Q3kh.jpg", "actors": ["Joshua Jackson (Benjamin Shaw)", "Rachael Taylor (Jane Shaw)", "Megumi Okina (Megumi Tanaka)", "David Denman (Bruno)", "Eri Otoguro (Yoko)", "John Hensley (Adam)", "Maya Hazen (Seiko)", "James Kyson (Ritsuo)", "Yoshiko Miyazaki (Akiko)", "Kei Yamamoto (Murase)", "Daisy Betts (Natasha)", "Adrienne Pickering (Megan)", "Pascal Morineau (Wedding Photographer)", "Masaki Ota (Police Officer)", "Heideru Tatsuo (Police Officer)", "Rei Sato (Boy on train)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A heavy burden.\r\n\r\nAmerican remakes of Asian horror films have mostly struggled to win grace and favour with horror fans. Shutter is no exception, it has been met with the usual howls of derision, claims of it being pointless, loosing the horror essence of the original and etc. But what for someone like me who hasn\u2019t seen the original?\r\n\r\nI found Shutter to be much like how I found The Ring, the Naomi Watts starrer from 2002, a very effective chiller with a solid mystery to be unravelled at the core. The ghost is creepy \u2013 as are the various photographic links, the scares handled professionally by the makers, and the finale pays off with a startlingly chilling revelation that freaked me out; and I\u2019m a middle aged man!\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s far from perfect, the pace is a bit haphazard, logic goes out the window often, and cast performances are only adequate in the absence of  \u201cA\u201d list stars to propel the story onwards. While it\u2019s tough to hang your hat on the two principal players since the emotional empathy hasn\u2019t been earned by them, courtesy of the writing. Yet with no frame of reference to raise expectation levels \u2013 or down them as well, this is a safe and sturdy spooker that does its job well enough. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18781, 13515, 14254, 6933]}