{"tmdb_id": 10882, "title": "La Belle au bois dormant", "original_title": "Sleeping Beauty", "slug_title": "la-belle-au-bois-dormant", "date": "1959-01-28", "genre": "Fantastique / Animation / Romance / Familial", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "La princesse Aurore est sous l'emprise d'un sort jet\u00e9 par la sorci\u00e8re Mal\u00e9fique, qui la condamne le jour de son 16\u00e8me anniversaire \u00e0 se piquer le doigt et s'endormir pour cent ans. Malgr\u00e9 les efforts des trois bonnes f\u00e9es, la proph\u00e9tie s'accomplit. Le prince Philippe devra affronter les forces du mal pour sauver sa bien-aim\u00e9e et le Royaume.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ppWrqBI3n8qpXvXEeJ0V5hOXIlH.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Costa (Princess Aurora (voice))", "Bill Shirley (Prince Phillip (voice))", "Eleanor Audley (Maleficent (voice))", "Verna Felton (Flora / Queen Leah (voice))", "Barbara Luddy (Merryweather (voice))", "Barbara Jo Allen (Fauna (voice))", "Taylor Holmes (King Stefan (voice))", "Bill Thompson (King Hubert (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Beautiful Disney Production Of A Wonderful Fairytale.\r\n\r\nWhen an evil witch places a curse on an infant princess that will cause her to fall into eternal sleep on her 16th birthday, her three fairy godmothers whisk her away to a life of normality and ignorance of her birthright. But can they stave off the curse when the 16th year of age arrives?\r\n\r\nIt upped the ante in costing for Disney, also taking a decade to produce. The ambition was high as new techniques were being used such as rotoscoping, while the musical score is brilliantly devised from Tchaikovsky's Sleeping Beauty ballet. The story itself is a pure joy, based on Charles Perrault's ever enduring fairytale, it's awash with rich characters, led by the delightful three fairy godmothers - Flora - Fauna and Merryweather, all plumpy and sweet, while evil witch Maleficent is brilliantly produced, with a long pointy chin and devil horns on her head.\r\n\r\nThere's a whole bunch of charming fun on show, as the three ladies bring the magic and potter around while gently ribbing each other, but it's with the drama where Sleeping Beauty most soars. The nightmare sequence luring Briar Rose (Princess Aurora) to the dreaded spinning wheel is unnerving, and the battle between Prince Phillip and Maleficent is exhilarating and shows the animators at their best. As for the colour? Spanking!\r\n\r\nUpon release it wasn't the roaring success Disney had hoped and planned for, but the decades since then have been very kind to Sleeping Beauty. For it's a magical film for children and adults to dreamily get lost in. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11224, 10340, 408, 10693]}