{"tmdb_id": 109125, "title": "L'Incroyable Bulk", "original_title": "The Amazing Bulk", "slug_title": "l-incroyable-bulk", "date": "2012-04-17", "genre": ["Animation / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "2.6/10", "synopsis": "Henry Howard, an ambitious young scientist struggles to develop a super human serum designed to improve muscle mass and prolong life expectancy. His boss, the grumpy General Darwin, will not allow Hank to marry his daughter, Hannah, until the experiment is a success. Against Darwin's wishes Hank proposes to Hannah anyway, but his life is shattered by a mugger who steals his engagement ring. Dejected, Hank injects himself with the experimental serum and is transformed into the Amazing Bulk. The Bulk goes on a rampage through the city destroying everything in his path. Hank is caught by a relentless detective, imprisoned by Darwin and forced to battle the sadistic Dr. Kantlove, who threatens to blow up the moon with his arsenal of weapons.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bYpMJv6omTE0SwHcpHyA7QIiMEY.jpg", "actors": ["Jordan Lawson (Henry 'Hank' Howard)", "Terence Lording (General Darwin)", "Shevaun Kastl (Hannah Darwin)", "Randal Malone (Dr. Werner von Kantlove)", "Juliette Angeli (Lolita Kantlove)", "Jed Rowen (Det. Ray Garton)", "Deirdre V. Lyons (Det. Lisa Tuttle)", "Mark E. Fletcher (Sam)", "Mike Toto (Scully)", "Meghan Falcone (Hooker)", "Matthew Barnard (Guard #1)", "Mandell Anthony (Guard #2)", "Mark Stuver (Henchman #1)", "Read MacGuirtose (Henchman #2)", "Ford Austin (News Chopper Cameraman)", "Julianne Bianchi (News Chopper Pilot)", "Art Roberts (Doctor)", "Marc Chamberlain (Military Pilot)", "Derek Lui (Door Guard #1)", "J. Matthew Welker (Door Guard #2)", "Mark Todd (Jet Pilot)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [64282, 125540, 27625, 325712], "youtube_key": "ywaR-Lq_ayk"}