{"tmdb_id": 10911, "title": "Les canons de Navarone", "original_title": "The Guns of Navarone", "slug_title": "les-canons-de-navarone", "date": "1961-04-27", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, les allemands ont install\u00e9 deux \u00e9normes canons sur l'\u00eele de Navarone, au large de la Turquie. Ces armes puissantes sont braqu\u00e9es sur l'\u00eele voisine de Kheros, rendant impossible l'\u00e9vacuation des 2 000 soldats de la garnison britannique. Ces hommes assi\u00e9g\u00e9s se retrouvent dans une situation critique. L'\u00e9tat-major confie alors \u00e0 un commando d'\u00e9lite la d\u00e9licate mission de d\u00e9truire ces deux redoutables cerb\u00e8res. Les 6 hommes, parmi lesquels un alpiniste et un sp\u00e9cialiste des explosifs, doivent, pour s'approcher de leur objectif, neutraliser la vedette de surveillance avant d'escalader la falaise qui prot\u00e8ge les canons...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tGdNki1Ukab0yj2JEruCmYTVSSP.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Capt. Keith Mallory)", "David Niven (Cpl. Miller)", "Anthony Quinn (Col. Andrea Stavros)", "Stanley Baker (Pvt. 'Butcher' Brown)", "Anthony Quayle (Maj. Roy Franklin)", "James Darren (Pvt. Spyros Pappadimos)", "Irene Papas (Maria Pappadimos)", "Gia Scala (Anna)", "James Robertson Justice (Commodore Jensen / Prologue Narrator)", "Richard Harris (Squadron Leader Howard Barnsby RAAF)", "Bryan Forbes (Cohn)", "Allan Cuthbertson (Maj. Baker)", "Michael Trubshawe (Weaver)", "Percy Herbert (Sgt. Grogan)", "George Mikell (SS Hauptman Sessler)", "Walter Gotell (Muesel)", "Tutte Lemkow (Nicolai)", "Albert Lieven (Commandant)", "Norman Wooland (Group Captain)", "Kleo Skouloudi (Bride)", "Nicholas Papakonstantinou (Patrol Boat Captain)", "Christopher Rhodes (German Gunnery Officer)", "Victor Buono (Greek Cleric at Wedding Plaza)", "William Hoehne Jr. (German Officer on Navarone)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Biffo - Bammo - Boffo! \r\n\r\nA team of army specialists are assembled with the task of infiltrating a German held Greek island. Then they have to destroy the mighty twin guns up in the hills that blight the British operations on the Aegean waters. \r\n\r\nAdapted from the Alistair MacLean novel, it's directed by J. Lee Thompson and stars Gregory Peck, David Niven, Anthony Quinn, Anthony Quayle, Stanley Baker and James Darren. Music is scored by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Oswald Morris. \r\n\r\nWatching it now it seems oh so very formulaic, but it was rarely the norm back than for war films to always follow this brand of high end adventure staples. The makers take a bunch of men from the various social spectrum and thrust them together for an impossible mission. We have the stiff backed guys with moral reasoning at their core, the rough and tumble men, all face fuzz and machismo seeping from every pore, and a young baby faced youngster blossoming into a man by the day. \r\n\r\nThey will be put through the mangler at regular intervals, faced with scenarios to test their metal, all while the group view each other with suspicions of motives and reasonings. Here the character sub-plots, their hang-ups and frets, do not bog down the fun or the excitement, they enhance the narrative. We also get two ladies entering the group (Irene Papas/Gia Scala), and they too add some meat into an already beefy stew. \r\n\r\nAction is a plenty, suspense equally so. While of course there's twists and turns to input some mystery and pot boiling character dynamics. Elsewhere, Tiomkin provides a robust Golden Globe Winning score, and Bill Warrington & Chris Greenham's special effects won the Academy Award in that department; they look at times a bit weak now, but who cares right? The array of screen work, matte paintings and miniatures blend superbly with the outdoor location photography, which points us to a time when film makers worked their socks off to create the magic up there on the screen. Oh and the scripted dialogue, just wonderful and beating an intelligent heart. \r\n\r\nOne of the quintessential boy's own - men on a mission movies, The Guns of Navarone, still a treat over 50 years since it was first shown in cinemas, and crucially, it's still influencing other film makers as well. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11046, 1654, 11372, 11589], "youtube_key": "MhQvkPMNt70"}