{"tmdb_id": 1091, "title": "The Thing", "original_title": "The Thing", "slug_title": "the-thing", "date": "1982-06-25", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Une base am\u00e9ricaine isol\u00e9e dans l'Antarctique est attaqu\u00e9e par un h\u00e9licopt\u00e8re cherchant \u00e0 abattre un chien de tra\u00eeneau. L'engin neutralis\u00e9, les am\u00e9ricains d\u00e9couvrent qu'il provient d'une base voisine r\u00e9cemment d\u00e9truite. Plac\u00e9 dans le chenil, le chien provoque la panique des autres animaux...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tzGY49kseSE9QAKk47uuDGwnSCu.jpg", "actors": ["Kurt Russell (R.J. MacReady)", "Keith David (Childs)", "Wilford Brimley (Dr. Blair)", "Donald Moffat (Garry)", "Richard Dysart (Dr. Copper)", "Charles Hallahan (Norris)", "T. K. Carter (Nauls)", "David Clennon (Palmer)", "Peter Maloney (Bennings)", "Richard Masur (Clark)", "Joel Polis (Fuchs)", "Thomas G. Waites (Windows)", "Norbert Weisser (Norwegian)", "Nate Irwin (Helicopter Pilot)", "William Zeman (Pilot)", "Larry J. Franco (Norwegian Passenger With Rifle)", "Adrienne Barbeau (Computer (voice) (uncredited))", "John Carpenter (Norwegian (video footage) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Flips the scenario round from the original to great effect.\r\n\r\nJohn Carpenter shows how much he loves the 1951 original by giving it the utmost respect that he possibly could, the only difference here is that Carpenter chooses to stick to the paranoiac core of John W Campbell Jr's short story.\r\n\r\nThe secret to this version's success is the unbearable tension that builds up as the group of men become suspicious of each other, the strain of literally waiting to be taken over takes a fearful hold. Carpenter then manages to deliver the shocks as well as the mystery that's needed to keep the film heading in the right direction.\r\n\r\nBe it an horrific scene or a \"what is in the shadow\" sequence, the film is the perfect fusion of horror and sci-fi. The dialogue is laced with potency and viability for a group of men trying to keep it together under such duress, while Ennio Morricone's score is a wonderful eerie pulse beat that further racks up the sense of doom and paranoia seaming throughout the film.\r\n\r\nThe cast are superb, a solid assembly line of actors led by Carpenter favourite Kurt Russell, whilst the effects used around the characters get the right amount of impact needed. But most of all it's the ending that is the crowning glory, an ending that doesn't pander to the norm and is incredibly fitting for what has gone on before it. Lets wait and see what happens indeed. 10/10"}, {"pseudo": "fenicka", "content": "It was a good and original movie but some parts were still too boring, am i the only one who thinks like this?"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Stuck on a remote station in Antarctica with\u2026 The Thing\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1982 and directed by John Carter, \u201cThe Thing\u201d stars Kurt Russell as the helicopter pilot of an eleven-man crew at a research station in Antarctica who encounter a ghastly shape-shifting alien that perfectly replicates the appearance of its victims.\r\n\r\nThis is basically a sequel to the 1956 film and even includes footage from that classic sci-fi/horror. The creature is unconventional to say the least and this adds an eerie component to an already otherworldly and confined Antarctic setting.\r\n\r\nThere are no females and therefore no romantic complications. The characters are thin so the story focuses on the thing and how the crew tries to track it down and eliminate it, if they can. The nature of the gruesome entity, how it functions and how it can or cannot be killed leaves you with a lot of questions. The ending is haunting.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Thing\u201d may not be as great as gushing devotees insist, but it\u2019s solid sci-fi/horror with some pretty horrific scenes, although only one really creeped me out (the blood scene) while another made me bust out laughing (the torso jaws).\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 48 minutes and was shot in Alaska & British Columbia. WRITER: Bill Lancaster. MISC. CAST: Keith David (Childs), Wilford Brimley (Blair), T.K. Carter (Nauls), Richard Masur (Clark), Thomas G. Waites (Windows), Donald Moffat (Garry), etc.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [9426, 764, 765, 60935], "youtube_key": "p35JDJLa9ec"}