{"tmdb_id": 1092, "title": "Le troisi\u00e8me homme", "original_title": "The Third Man", "slug_title": "le-troisieme-homme", "date": "1949-08-31", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Au lendemain de la Seconde Guerre mondiale. Invit\u00e9 par son ami Harry Lime, le romancier am\u00e9ricain Holly Martins se rend \u00e0 Vienne, divis\u00e9e en quatre zones d'occupation. Tout juste arriv\u00e9, il apprend que Lime vient de perdre la vie dans un accident de la circulation et qu'on l'enterre ce jour m\u00eame. L'\u00e9crivain n'est pas au bout de ses surprises. Au cimeti\u00e8re, il est abord\u00e9 par le major Calloway, pour qui Lime n'\u00e9tait qu'un vulgaire trafiquant, une crapule. Choqu\u00e9, Martins d\u00e9cide de mener une enqu\u00eate sur le d\u00e9funt. Il fait bient\u00f4t la connaissance du myst\u00e9rieux baron Kurtz, l'un des deux t\u00e9moins de l'accident, l'autre \u00e9tant un Roumain du nom de Popescu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rO2Fq0AZZx9obs52KJdx4mRE8p5.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Cotten (Holly Martins)", "Alida Valli (Anna Schmidt)", "Orson Welles (Harry Lime)", "Trevor Howard (Major Calloway)", "Bernard Lee (Sergeant Paine)", "Paul H\u00f6rbiger (Karl the Porter)", "Ernst Deutsch ('Baron' Kurtz)", "Siegfried Breuer (Popescu)", "Erich Ponto (Dr. Winkel)", "Wilfrid Hyde-White (Crabbin)", "Hedwig Bleibtreu (Anna's Landlady)", "Alexis Chesnakov (Col. Brodsky the Russian Liaison Officer (uncredited))", "Thomas Gallagher (Taxi Driver (uncredited))", "Herbert Halbik (H\u00e4nsel the Little Boy with Ball (uncredited))", "Hannah Norbert (Actress at Josefstadt Theater (uncredited))", "Eric Pohlmann (Waiter at Smolka's (uncredited))", "Carol Reed (UK Version's Opening Narrator (uncredited))", "Annie Rosar (The Porter's Wife (uncredited))", "Frederick Schrecker (Hansel's Father (uncredited))", "Hugo Schuster (Waiter (uncredited))", "Karel Stepanek (Actor at Josefstadt Theater (uncredited))", "Brother Theodore (Man on Street (uncredited))", "Jenny Werner (Dr. Winkel's Maid Hilde (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CharlesTheBold", "content": "Holly Martens  (Joseph Cotten) receives a job offer from his friend Harry Lime  (Orson Welles) in postwar occupied Vienna.  He arrives there only to find that Lime is dead and every witness has a different story.   Being a pulp writer, Holly thinks he can solve the mystery.\r\n\r\nBut this is a Graham Greene story, and the mystery is not just a whodunit but an exploration of evil.  Tangling with a nihilistic  band of black marketers exploiting the corruption and ruin of a great city after the war, Holly is told that he is in way over his head.\r\n\r\nThe movie has many unusual touches.  Expressionist camerawork increases the feeling of dread.  The traditional orchestral accompaniment is eliminated, replaced by a single folk musician playing an eerie tune on a zither.  Several scenes of the movie are in un-subtitled Austrian-German, leaving the audience feeling as bewildered as Holly as he tries to communicate with the locals.  Holly's amateur sleuthing is frequently comic, in a story that is deadly serious.\r\n\r\nOne of the masterpieces of noir  cinema."}], "recommandations_id": [963, 3090, 1480, 996], "youtube_key": "p1qGtQqMXo0"}