{"tmdb_id": 1093, "title": "Ascenseur pour l'\u00e9chafaud", "original_title": "Ascenseur pour l'\u00e9chafaud", "slug_title": "ascenseur-pour-l-echafaud", "date": "1958-01-29", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Un homme assassine son patron avec l'aide de sa femme dont il est l'amant. Voulant supprimer un indice compromettant, il se retrouve bloqu\u00e9 dans l'ascenseur qui l'emporte sur les lieux du crime.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gHoiRDEEOyoWhlYDAIZ0xYxlhVV.jpg", "actors": ["Jeanne Moreau (Florence Carala)", "Maurice Ronet (Julien Tavernier)", "Georges Poujouly (Louis)", "Yori Bertin (V\u00e9ronique)", "Lino Ventura (Le Commissaire Cherrier)", "Iv\u00e1n Petrovich (Horst Becker)", "Elga Andersen (Madame Becker)", "Jean Wall (Simon Carala)", "G\u00e9rard Darrieu (Maurice)", "Micheline Bona (Genevi\u00e8ve)", "Charles Denner (Cherriers Assistent)", "F\u00e9lix Marten (Christian Subervie)", "Hubert Deschamps (Le substitut du procureur)", "Jacques Hilling (Le garagiste)", "Marcel Journet (Le pr\u00e9sident du conseil d'administration)", "Fran\u00e7ois Joux (Commissaire de police)", "Jean-Claude Brialy (Young Man at Motel)", "Gis\u00e8le Grandpr\u00e9 (Jacqueline Mauclair)", "Jacqueline Staup (Anna)", "Marcel Cuvelier (Le r\u00e9ceptionniste du motel)", "Nicolas Bataille (Un consommateur \u00e0 la brasserie (uncredited))", "Pierre Frag (Un consommateur \u00e0 la brasserie (uncredited))", "Christian Brocard (Un consommateur (uncredited))", "Marcel Bernier (Un policier au commissariat (uncredited))", "Guy Henry (Un inspecteur (uncredited))", "Roger Jacquet (Gaston (uncredited))", "Alice Reichen (La fleuriste (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The black cat has it... \r\n\r\nAscenseur pour l'\u00e9chafaud (AKA: Elevator to the Gallows/Lift to the Scaffold) is directed by Louis Malle and co-written by Malle, Roger Nimier and No\u00ebl Calef (novel). It stars Jeanne Moreau, Maurice Ronet, Georges Poujouly, Yori Bertin and Jean Wall. Music is by Miles Davis and cinematography by Henri Deca\u00eb. \r\n\r\nA little ole devil this one, a sly slow pacer that itches away at your skin. Rightly seen as a bridging movie between the classic film noir cycle and the nouvelle vague, Malle's movie is in truth straightforward on narrative terms. Julien Tavernier (Ronet) is going to kill husband of his lover, Florence Carala (Moreau), who also happens to be his boss, but upon executing the perfect murder, he, through his own absent mindedness, winds up stuck in a lift close to the crime scene. Outside Florence is frantically awaiting his arrival so as to begin their life together in earnest, but when a couple of young lovers steal Julien's car, Florence gets the wrong end of the stick and a sequence of events lead to Julien and Florence hitching that ride to the gallows. \r\n\r\nSimplicity of narrative be damned, Malle's movie is a classic case of that mattering not one jot. There is style to burn here, with bleak atmospherics dripping from every frame, and Miles Davis' sultry jazz music hovers over proceedings like a sleazy grim reaper. The ironic twists in the writing come straight off the bus to noirville, putting stings in the tale, the smart reverse of the norm finding Moreau (sensual) wandering the streets looking for her male lover, while elsewhere he's in isolation and a doppleganger murder scenario is cunningly being played out. Deca\u00eb's photography has a moody desperation about it that so fits the story, the use of natural light making fellow French film makers sit up and take notice. While the dialogue, and the caustic aside to arms dealings, ensures we know that Malle can be a sly old fox. He really should have done more noir like pictures. \r\n\r\nA film that convinces us that Julien and Florence are deeply in love and passionate about each other, and yet they never are once together in the whole movie! It's just one of the many wonderful things about Louis Malle's excellent picture. \r\n\r\nRemember folks, the camera never lies... 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [15244, 5544, 2593, 18030], "youtube_key": "940EECVKtkc"}