{"tmdb_id": 109491, "title": "Sublimes cr\u00e9atures", "original_title": "Beautiful Creatures", "slug_title": "sublimes-creatures", "date": "2013-02-13", "genre": "Fantastique / Drame / Romance", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Ethan Wate, un jeune lyc\u00e9en, m\u00e8ne une existence ennuyeuse dans une petite ville du sud des Etats-Unis. Mais des ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes inexplicables se produisent, co\u00efncidant avec l\u2019arriv\u00e9e d\u2019une nouvelle \u00e9l\u00e8ve : L\u00e9na Duchannes. Malgr\u00e9 la suspicion et l\u2019antipathie du reste de la ville envers L\u00e9na, Ethan est intrigu\u00e9 par cette myst\u00e9rieuse jeune fille et se rapproche d\u2019elle.  Il d\u00e9couvre que Lena est une enchanteresse, un \u00eatre dou\u00e9 de pouvoirs surnaturels et dont la famille cache un terrible secret. Malgr\u00e9 l\u2019attirance qu\u2019ils \u00e9prouvent l\u2019un pour l\u2019autre, ils vont devoir faire face \u00e0 une grande \u00e9preuve : comme tous ceux de sa famille, Lena saura \u00e0 ses seize ans si elle est vou\u00e9e aux forces b\u00e9n\u00e9fiques de la lumi\u00e8res, ou \u00e0 la puissance mal\u00e9fique des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5K8pz8fVctCnPCPA8d4H240majI.jpg", "actors": ["Alden Ehrenreich (Ethan Wate)", "Alice Englert (Lena Duchannes)", "Jeremy Irons (Macon Ravenwood)", "Viola Davis (Amma Treadeau)", "Emmy Rossum (Ridley Duchaness)", "Thomas Mann (Wesley \"Link\" Lincoln)", "Emma Thompson (Mrs. Lincoln / Sarafine Duchannes)", "Eileen Atkins (Emmaline Duchannes)", "Margo Martindale (Delphine Duchannes)", "Zoey Deutch (Emily Asher)", "Tiffany Boone (Savannah Snow)", "Rachel Brosnahan (Genevieve Duchannes)", "Kyle Gallner (Larkin Ravenwood)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Mr. Lee)", "Robin Skye (Mrs. Hester)", "Randy Redd (Reverend Stephens)", "Lance E. Nichols (Mayor Snow)", "Leslie Castay (Principal Herbert)", "Sam Gilroy (Ethan Carter Wate)", "Cindy Hogan (Mrs. Asher)", "Gwendolyn Mulamba (Mrs. Snow)", "Cole Burden (Union Captain)", "Billy Wheelan (Union Soldier)", "Christopher Darby (Train Teen)", "Jackie Tuttle (Isobel Duchannes (uncredited))", "Camille Balsamo (Katherine Duchannes (uncredited))", "Lindsay Clift (Althea Duchannes (uncredited))", "Lucy Faust (Juliette Duchannes (uncredited))", "Justine Wachsberger (Justine Duchannes (uncredited))", "Teri Wyble (Charlotte Duchannes (uncredited))", "Julia Faye West (Duchanness (uncredited))", "Bryan Adrian (Billy (uncredited))", "J.D. Evermore (Mitchell Wate (uncredited))", "Andrea Frankle (Lila Wate (uncredited))", "Kay Smith (Leopard Lady (uncredited))", "Philippe Radelet (Suttler (uncredited))", "Russ Skains (Castor (uncredited))", "Rachel G. Whittle (Caster (uncredited))", "Erika Erica (Town Resident (uncredited))", "Beau Brasseaux (Caster Shades (uncredited))", "Cameron M. Brown (Little Ninja (uncredited))", "Tim Bell (Deputy Sheriff (uncredited))", "Jim Sojka (Townsfolk (uncredited))", "Jordan Sudduth (Confederate Soldier (uncredited))", "Edward J. Clare (Spectator (uncredited))", "John C. Klein (Gatlin Dad (uncredited))", "Elton LeBlanc (Town Resident (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Boring and too cheese.\r\n\r\nThe same way Percy Jackson is a bad copy of Harry Potter, Beautiful creatures is a bad copy of Twilight. The big difference is that Percy Jackson is a bad copy of a good series of novels and movies while Beautiful Creatures is a bad copy of yet another bad series of novels and movies."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Too-campy, Christphobic Sothern Gothic fantasy about \u201ccasters\u201d aka witches\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2013 and directed by Richard LaGravenese, \"Beautiful Creatures\u201d chronicles events in a small town in rural South Carolina where a college-minded high schooler (Alden Ehrenreich) becomes infatuated by a mysterious new girl (Jeremy Irons) who recently moved in with her eccentric uncle (Jeremy Irons) at his creepy Antebellum mansion. He learns that they are \u201ccasters,\u201d immortals with magical powers; and that an evil relative (Emma Thompson) wants Lena for the darkness.\r\n\r\nThe director wrote the script based on the first of four young adult books of \u201cThe Caster Chronicles\u201d by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl. Fans of the book, however, say it\u2019s one of the most unfaithful book-to-screen adaptions. Since I\u2019ve never read any of these books this was irrelevant to me.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s nothing wrong with the production as far as sets, costumes, cast, music goes. It cost $60 million and looks it. The Southern Gothic air is to die for and the first act is intriguing. Unfortunately, the tone is semi-campy where several of the characters are overly cartoonish. It\u2019s reminiscent of comic booky Stephen King flicks (e.g. \u201cSilver Bullet\u201d and \u201cNeedful Things\u201d), but a notch or two more exaggerated.\r\n\r\nThe first half is also encumbered by an overtly anti-Christian slant. I don\u2019t have a problem with movies that depict the evils of fundamentalist legalism, like in \u201cThe Mist\u201d (2007), but here the stereotypes are so overdone they don\u2019t ring true, not to mention there\u2019s no positive depiction of believers to compare with the negative ones (like in \u201cThe Mist\u201d). According to this movie, ALL Christians are hateful, rash, judgmental, condemning bigots. Lazy writers love stereotypes because they don't have to write interesting complex characters.\r\n\r\nTake Lena\u2019s first day at school where two girls automatically assume she\u2019s \u201csatanic\u201d merely because she lives at the eerie plantation; they then proceed to openly pray for her. It\u2019s so overdone, cartoony and eye-rolling it takes the viewer right out of the movie. This doesn\u2019t even reflect reality in the modern world anyway: Even in a backwater town in the USA it\u2019s more likely that a devout Christian would be persecuted by mocking unbelievers and nominal Christians rather than vice versa. Another thoroughly unrealistic element is how all the top community leaders are ee-vil fundies who GO TO THE SAME CHUCH. Why Sure!\r\n\r\nTo be fair, the second half halfheartedly tries to make up for this by briefly revealing a more positive Christian character and having the pastor give a worthy mini-sermon on sacrifice, but it\u2019s too little too late after misrepresenting and offending half of the viewership.\r\n\r\nAnother problem is how the two protagonists suck face too much. The girl\u2019s only 15. I\u2019m not saying mid-teenagers don\u2019t make-out, but (again) it\u2019s so overdone it\u2019s eye-rolling.\r\n\r\nFor a better executed and entertaining fantasy/horror flick based on a young adult book series, check out \u201cCirque du Freak: The Vampire\u2019s Assistant\u201d (2009).\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours, 4 minutes and was shot entirely in Louisiana (Covington, Madisonville, Batchelor, St. Francisville and New Orleans).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C/C- (4.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": [123553, 203739, 72710, 38117]}