{"tmdb_id": 109453, "title": "Mothers and Daughters", "original_title": "Mothers and Daughters", "slug_title": "mothers-and-daughters", "date": "2016-05-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "La photographe Rigby Gray capture d'exaltantes histoires sur la maternit\u00e9, lui inspirant de prendre une d\u00e9cision qu'elle n'aurait jamais imagin\u00e9e prendre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lzz7YNcXlGPuX7wZOl67nGKAxqz.jpg", "actors": ["Christina Ricci (Rebecca)", "Courteney Cox (Beth)", "Susan Sarandon (Millie)", "Eva Amurri Martino (Gayle)", "Selma Blair (Rigby)", "Sharon Stone (Nina)", "Mira Sorvino (Georgina Scott)", "Paul Wesley (Kevin)", "Luke Mitchell (Nelson Quinn)", "Paul Adelstein (Peter)", "Natalie Burn (Young Lydia)", "Quinton Aaron (Dr. Hamilton)", "Ashanti (Kelly)", "Liana Mendoza (Grace)", "Elizabeth Daily (Momma Quinn)", "Julia Lanski (Anastasia)", "Maria Gabriela Cardenas ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The women's perspective, about the women's troubles!**\r\n\r\nIt seems like a sequel to the recent film 'Fathers & Daughters'. But it was not and the narration had multiple layers. The stories of mothers and daughters, about their relationship and other related things. A feature film directional debut for the television filmmakers. Based on no book, but an original screenplay. The problem was the confusing narration, all the characters, too many of them stuffed together. Even the editing was not that convincing, though the actors were really good.\r\n\r\nA hard hitting, women oriented film as the title hints. Takes time to feel comfortable, but worth a wait. Focused on topics like pregnancy and other troubles in life, but all are concerned between women. So it's not a romance, but at the end, it ends as one. There are men too, though they doesn't count, hence no big names of the male actors. There's no big issue with the film, except it looks like neither theatrical or television film, but comes between them. At least some people would appreciate the effort, but most won't, particularly film critics didn't like it. So I believe you will make a right choice on this.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241071, 254634, 9949, 334893], "youtube_key": "PmSJXqDh3nI"}