{"tmdb_id": 10945, "title": "Jumpin' Jack Flash", "original_title": "Jumpin' Jack Flash", "slug_title": "jumpin-jack-flash", "date": "1986-10-09", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Terry travaille dans une banque et communique par ordinateur avec ses clients \u00e0 travers le monde. Un jour elle re\u00e7oit par hasard un message crypt\u00e9, et se retrouve plong\u00e9e dans une intrigue internationale...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nZcBdD3HRA6PPvfDY9UL0PWS5hi.jpg", "actors": ["Whoopi Goldberg (Terry Dolittle)", "Stephen Collins (Marty Phillips)", "Jonathan Pryce (Jack)", "John Wood (Jeremy Talbott)", "Carol Kane (Cynthia)", "Roscoe Lee Browne (Archer Lincoln)", "Jon Lovitz (Doug, 1st National Bank)", "Phil Hartman (Fred, 1st National Bank)", "James Belushi (Sperry Repairman / Furious Cab Driver / Injured Cop)", "Tracey Ullman (Fiona)", "Annie Potts (Liz Carlson)", "Peter Michael Goetz (Mr. Page)", "Jeroen Krabb\u00e9 (Mark Van Meter)", "Sara Botsford (Lady Sarah Billings)", "Vyto Ruginis (Carl)", "Tony Hendra (Hunter)", "Michael McKean (Leslie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Are you on some kind of medication? \r\n \r\nIt was a production beset with problems, a change of director (Penny Marshall replacing the jettisoned Howard Zieff) and enough script writers used to fill out a hockey team. So it's unsurprising to find that Jumpin' Jack Flash is a bit muddled, not fully formed as it were.\r\n\r\nPlot finds Whoopi Goldberg as a computer programmer thrust into a world of espionage when a plea for help appears on her monitor. Cue Whoopi following instructions from a guy claiming to be trapped in Eastern Europe, which of course leads to a number of fun scenes as she bluffs her way around the crooked underworld she now finds herself in. Will she stay alive long enough? Who are the undercover guys? Is the mysterious man on the computer screen really all he proclaims to be?\r\n\r\nIt will all be answered in rank and file 1980s action comedy time, which as it happens is OK here because Goldberg is a good enough comedy actress to hold the attention. Nothing remotely smart or genre defining exists, but it's a fun snapshot of the burgeoning computer age in the 80s and it's a good time waster if stuck for something light to watch one night. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12121, 9941, 38921, 10765], "youtube_key": "ak1AHhLU9c0"}