{"tmdb_id": 109584, "title": "Broken", "original_title": "Broken", "slug_title": "broken", "date": "2012-08-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 t\u00e9moin d\u2019une agression brutale, Skunk se rend compte que la maison o\u00f9 elle vit, son quartier, son \u00e9cole, lui sont devenus \u00e9trangers, presque hostiles. Les certitudes rassurantes de l\u2019enfance ont laiss\u00e9 place \u00e0 l\u2019inconnu et \u00e0 la peur. Et, alors qu\u2019elle se tourne vers un avenir devenu soudain plus sombre, son innocence n\u2019est plus qu\u2019un souvenir. En cherchant le r\u00e9confort dans l\u2019amiti\u00e9 muette de Rick, un gar\u00e7on doux mais ab\u00eem\u00e9 par la vie, Skunk va se trouver confront\u00e9e \u00e0 un choix. Poursuivre un chemin dans lequel elle ne se reconna\u00eet plus, ou quitter les ruines de son ancienne vie\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k956gA7llq8KeAJOHW8Y3ecu4NK.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Roth (Archie)", "Eloise Laurence (Skunk)", "Cillian Murphy (Mike Kiernan)", "Zana Marjanovi\u0107 (Kasia)", "Robert Emms (Rick Buckley)", "Rory Kinnear (Bob Oswald)", "Rosalie Kosky (Susan Oswald)", "Bill Milner (Jed)", "Denis Lawson (Mr. Buckley)", "Clare Burt (Mrs. Buckley)", "George Sargeant (Dillon)", "Faye Daveney (Saskia)", "Martha Bryant (Sunrise)", "Lily James (Older Skunk)", "Nick Holder (Dave Toad)", "Nell Tiger Free (Anna)", "Seeta Indrani (Dr. Mortimer)", "Alicia Woodhouse (Dancer)", "Michael Shaeffer (Desk Sergeant)", "David Webber (Policeman)", "Andrew Frame (DC Carson)", "Severn Bran (Fiona Torby)", "Andrew Maud (Mr. McClusky)", "Rory Girvan (Wayne)", "Joshua Warner-Campbell (Kevin)", "Lino Facioli (Stephen)", "Penny Layden (DC Jenks)", "Nicola Sloane (Dr. Sinclair)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Broken: Past Particle Of Break.\r\n\r\nBroken is directed by Rufus Norris and adapted to screenplay by Mark O'Rowe from Daniel Clay's novel. It stars Tim Roth, Eloise Laurence, Robert Emms, Rory Kinnear, Faye Daveney and Cillian Murphy. Music is by Electric Wave Bureau and cinematography by Rob Hardy. \r\n\r\nTheatre and Opera director Rufus Norris turns his hand to feature film, choosing for his debut a cunning slice of British miserabilism and knowing humour. Story is based in North London and primarily centres on a young girl affectionately known as Skunk! She witnesses a sickening act of violence in the cul de sac where she lives, from here the lives of the residents unfold in a number of identifiable ways. \r\n\r\nThematically there's much going on, such observations on life's dilemmas from both a child and parenting point of view are superbly played out by the cast. It would have been easy for the makers to lean too heavy on the melodrama, or perform as if it's a headline torn straight from one of Britain's sensationalistic tabloids, but it's played with earthy realism, helped no end by the fulcrum setting of a residential cul de sac that on the surface looks normal, so therefore believable. But of course what lies behind a neighbour's door is rarely all glint and gold.\r\n\r\nThe concurrent theme of violence, illness, heartbreak, grief, so basically life's strifes, gnaws away at the senses, but this is delicately balanced with much love and charm also on show, be it devotion to one's children, or the innocence of youth - puppy love/whimsy/ignorance/inquisitive leanings et al - this picture jabs at the heart in more ways than one. Norris and his team also have a nifty style of filming and scoring, very much putting us in the various frames of this story. \r\n\r\nIt all builds to what in truth is a very crammed last quarter of film, because if ever there was a case for a much longer running time then this is a classic example. But it's just a niggle, and not enough to derail what is a moving, funny and crafty slice of Britannia. Yes! Even if the daring ending has proved divisive. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [259138, 72842, 52636, 5040], "youtube_key": "NicWWIXMzkE"}