{"tmdb_id": 10987, "title": "Halloween 6 : La Mal\u00e9diction de Michael Myers", "original_title": "Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers", "slug_title": "halloween-6-la-malediction-de-michael-myers", "date": "1995-09-29", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Six ans apr\u00e8s avoir myst\u00e9rieusement disparu du poste de police d'Haddonfield, Michael Myers est de retour. Sa ni\u00e8ce, Jamie Lloyd, retenue en otage par une secte, arrive de justesse \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper avec l'enfant qu'elle vient de mettre au monde. Mais rapidement le lien entre la secte et Myers est connu, et le croquemitaine retrouve la jeune femme et la tue. Pendant ce temps, la petite ville d'Haddonfield se pr\u00e9pare \u00e0 passer un 31 Octobre sans f\u00eater Halloween, l'ombre des meurtres du boogeyman survolant encore sur la ville. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, le docteur Samuel Loomis sort de sa retraite pour traquer \u00e0 nouveau Michael...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Tw5IttoEATGD2FHhcG9bDzqwbi.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Pleasence (Dr. Sam Loomis)", "Paul Rudd (Tommy Doyle)", "Marianne Hagan (Kara Strode)", "Mitchell Ryan (Dr. Terence Wynn)", "Kim Darby (Debra Strode)", "Bradford English (John Strode)", "Keith Bogart (Tim Strode)", "Mariah O'Brien (Beth)", "Leo Geter (Barry Simms)", "J.C. Brandy (Jamie Lloyd)", "Devin Gardner (Danny Strode)", "Susan Swift (Mary)", "George P. Wilbur (The Shape)", "Janice Knickrehm (Mrs. Blankenship)", "Tom Proctor (Motorist)", "Raquelle Anderson (Ballerina)", "Lee Ju Chew (Nurse)", "A. Michael Lerner (Additional Shape)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I like the idea of bringing back Tommy Doyle as an adult. I don't like every other idea this movie had. But Mikey's got some decent kills, so it's bearable at a stretch.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A mess of a sequel***\r\n\r\nSix years after Michael Myers previously terrorized Haddonfield, Illinois, \u2018the Shape\u2019 returns in pursuit of his niece, Jamie Lloyd, who has escaped some shadowy Druid cult with her newborn. Marianne Hagan and Paul Rudd play the main protagonists while Donald Pleasence returns for his last portrayal of Dr. Loomis. Mitchell Ryan and Kim Darby are also on hand. \r\n\r\n\u201cHalloween: The Curse of Michael Myers\u201d (1995) is also known as \u201cHalloween 6,\u201d but it\u2019s actually only the fifth movie featuring Michael Myers seeing as how \u201cHalloween 3: Season of the Witch\u201d (1982) is totally disconnected from the Michael Myers story arc.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m a fan of \u201cHalloween 4\u201d (1988) and \u201cHalloween 5\u201d (1989), especially the former, as it was actually better than the original movie (1978) and is one of the finest examples of 80\u2019s slashers. Naturally I was expecting a quality sequel but, wow, this installment lacked any sense of cinematic finesse whatsoever.\r\n\r\nThe entire opening act is a tortuous mess and the story didn't even start to get interesting until past the 50-minute mark. Unfortunately, it failed to build on what little interest it mustered, trading it in for conventional horror thrills at a hospital \u00e0 la \u201cHalloween 2\u201d (1981). But the characters are too weakly developed to care about; it\u2019s like the \u2018writer\u2019 had no concept of how to establish characters or even tell a compelling story. Meanwhile the sudden-shock scares that kept surfacing were eye-rolling hackneyed and anything but scary.\r\n\r\nThis installment was the equivalent of Conan the Barbarian picking up an expensive guitar and trying to play for a classy prog band like Opeth.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 27 minutes and was shot in Salt Lake City, Utah.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [11361, 11357, 11442, 10676], "youtube_key": "rAaPBxBxaV8"}