{"tmdb_id": 10982, "title": "La v\u00e9ritable histoire du Petit Chaperon Rouge", "original_title": "Hoodwinked!", "slug_title": "la-veritable-histoire-du-petit-chaperon-rouge", "date": "2005-12-16", "genre": "Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Une petite fille avec une capuche rouge, un loup, une m\u00e8re-grand, une chevillette, une bobinette, un panier avec une galette... Vous pensez conna\u00eetre cette histoire ? On ne vous a pas tout dit. Toute la for\u00eat est en \u00e9moi depuis qu'une enqu\u00eate confronte tous ces personnages...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/99atxNVmQygPYEszE3pbVR3J9Mr.jpg", "actors": ["Anne Hathaway (Red (voice))", "Glenn Close (Granny (voice))", "James Belushi (The Woodsman (voice))", "Patrick Warburton (The Wolf (voice))", "Anthony Anderson (Detective Bill Stork (voice))", "David Ogden Stiers (Nicky Flippers (voice))", "Xzibit (Chief Grizzly (voice))", "Chazz Palminteri (Woolworth (voice))", "Andy Dick (Boingo (voice))", "Cory Edwards (Twitchy (voice))", "Benjy Gaither (Japeth the Goat (voice))", "Ken Marino (Raccoon Jerry (voice))", "Tom Kenny (Tommy (voice))", "Preston Stutzman (Timmy (voice))", "Tony Leech (Glen (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> High quality narration, low standard production! Yet wins fairly.\r\n\r\nI'm shocked, this is not a Disney's or the Pixer's, not even DreamWorks' or the Sony's, but a very good film. I meant only the story, though the animation was outdated, even for a film from the 2005. I had trouble watching it in the initial parts, because of the poor technical quality. Once the flashback began, I totally hooked to it and forgot the production standard. The film was saved because of the very good story.\r\n\r\nYou know retelling the same old tale is so old fashioned, telling a tale in the different angles and adding more flavour to it is the new thing. Like for example the recent 'Maleficent'. So other than those all the awesome qualities, the film is more a television type. But very enjoyable by all.\r\n\r\nIt has been a decade since it came out and I never tried it because someone told me that it's very bad, but I regret for believing that and ditching it. So believe me it is a wonderful film, except it's not a top notch presentation. It is too short and well worth spending your 80 minutes for it. There's a sequel to it, so I want to try it as well and let you know how it is in another review under that title.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [57089, 1267, 11619, 7484]}