{"tmdb_id": 11006, "title": "Cours apr\u00e8s moi sh\u00e9rif", "original_title": "Smokey and the Bandit", "slug_title": "cours-apres-moi-sherif", "date": "1977-05-26", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Bandit et Cledus sont deux sudistes qui conduisent des camions et qui acceptent le d\u00e9fi de Big and Little Enos de ramasser un camion de bi\u00e8re du Texas et de le leur rendre dans un d\u00e9lai donn\u00e9. Le ramasser est assez simple, mais comme ils quittent le Texas, Bandit prend involontairement Carrie, une fianc\u00e9e en auto-stop qui vient de quitter son groom, Junior, \u00e0 l'autel. Junior, cependant, est le fils du sh\u00e9rif Buford T. Justice. Et quand Buford et Junior d\u00e9couvrent ce qui s'est pass\u00e9, ils font une \"poursuite \u00e0 grande vitesse\" \u00e0 travers le Sud-Est pour attraper le bandit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5uTIEUSBVzmEZ8TnFEZbCCOVHPj.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Reynolds (Bo 'Bandit' Darville)", "Sally Field (Carrie 'Frog')", "Jerry Reed (Cledus 'Snowman' Snow)", "Jackie Gleason (Sheriff Buford T. Justice)", "Mike Henry (Junior Justice)", "Paul Williams (Little Enos)", "Pat McCormick (Big Enos)", "Linda McClure (Waynette)", "Susie Ewing (Hot Pants)", "Laura Lizer Sommers (Little Beaver)", "Michael Mann (Branford's Deputy)", "Lamar Jackson (Sugar Bear)", "Ronnie Gay (Georgia Trooper)", "Quinnon Sheffield (Alabama Trooper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Pedal to the metal in this ripper of a good time.  \r\n\r\nSmokey and the Bandit is directed by Hal Needham and the screenplay is collectively written by James Lee Barrett, Charles Shyer and Alan Mandel; from a story by Needham and Robert L. Levy. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed and Mike Henry. Music is by Bill Justis and Jerry Reed and cinematography by Bobby Byrne.\r\n\r\nHe does what he does best-shows off.\r\n\r\nBo \"Bandit\" Darville (Reynolds) accepts a, illegal job/bet offer of delivering a truck load of Coors Beer from Texas across the states to Georgia. The job must be completed within 28 hours or he will not pick up the $80,000 payment for his services. Enlisting his buddy Snowman (Reed) to drive the truck, while he acts as a decoy in his Pontiac Trans Am, the Bandit must avoid capture by the Smokey (police). When he stops to pick up runaway bride Carrie (Fields), this makes him the target for one particularly vindictive laws enforcer, Sheriff Buford T. Justice (Gleason), whose son Junior Justice (Henry) is the jilted intended of Carrie.\r\n\r\nYou sumbitches couldn't close an umbrella!\r\n\r\nThe best of the \"CB Radio\" movies, Smokey and the Bandit makes up for what little it has in plot, with unadulterated fun via car pursuits, stunts and wonderfully colourful characters. Essentially one long chase movie, it was a massive box office success on it release, becoming the second biggest earner in 77 behind a certain Space Opera from George Lucas. Cashing in on Burt Reynolds popularity, and the new found interest in CB radio on the highways, film went on to influence similar films and TV shows further down the line. The memory of the poor sequels and the inferior similar films of its type has somewhat led to many people forgetting just what an entertaining movie it is.\r\n\r\nThere is no way, no way, that you could come from my loins. Soon as I get home, first thing I'm gonna do is punch your momma in the mouth.\r\n\r\nHal Needham uses his knowledge as an ex-stuntman to great effect, setting up a number of inspired sequences that sees cars jumping, crashing or going for a swim! Wisely letting his actors ad-lib where possible, film has a natural flow that's hard to dislike. The chemistry between Reynolds and Fields is warming, due to the fact that it was off screen real, while Gleason steals the movie with a hilarious portray as the manic, cussing and determined Buford. The bumpkin based music is perfectly in keeping with the mood, and the various locations used make for an appealing backdrop to the carnage and speedster thrills.\r\n\r\nNot quite as Punk Rock anti-establishment now as it seemed back then, but still utterly delightful courtesy of a damn fine cast and some special motor vehicle mayhem. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12705, 11286, 15120, 11950], "youtube_key": "UjiNoAEURC0"}