{"tmdb_id": 11009, "title": "La Fi\u00e8vre du samedi soir", "original_title": "Saturday Night Fever", "slug_title": "la-fievre-du-samedi-soir", "date": "1977-12-16", "genre": ["Drame / Musique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Tony est le roi du \"2001\", dancing o\u00f9 il se retrouve avec toute sa bande. Annette est amoureuse de lui mais il n'a d'yeux que pour la belle St\u00e9phanie qui danse comme elle respire. Parall\u00e8lement, Tony, d'origine italienne, est encore sous l'autorit\u00e9 de sa famille qui ne cesse de le comparer \u00e0 son s\u00e9rieux grand fr\u00e8re devenu pr\u00eatre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/12Ol9OqHzpXzIp5MKfw8dDkm8kf.jpg", "actors": ["John Travolta (Tony Manero)", "Karen Lynn Gorney (Stephanie Mangano)", "Barry Miller (Bobby C.)", "Joseph Cali (Joey)", "Julie Bovasso (Flo)", "Sam Coppola (Dan Fusco)", "Denny Dillon (Doreen)", "Robert Costanzo (Paint Store Customer)", "Fran Drescher (Connie)", "Donna Pescow (Annette)", "Val Bisoglio (Frank Manero Sr.)", "Paul Pape (Double J.)", "Bruce Ornstein (Gus)", "Martin Shakar (Frank Jr.)", "Nina Hansen (Grandmother)", "Lisa Peluso (Linda)", "Bert Michaels (Pete)", "Robert Weil (Becker)", "Shelly Batt (Girl in Disco)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "One of my all-time favorite films, Saturday Night Fever is a cult classic! It never ages. And yes, my mother took my big brother and me directly to the record store afterwards, where she purchased the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack. We played the needle through it when we got home. (Laughs) Dynamite soundtrack. Dynamite film."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Great snapshot of the disco era with compelling characters and story \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1977 and directed by John Badham, \"Saturday Night Fever\" is a drama/musical detailing events in Brooklyn where a group of Italian-American youths led by Tony Manero (John Travolta) work dead-end jobs, rumble with Hispanics and meet babes at the local discoth\u00e8que where Tony is a champion dancer. Donna Pescow plays his needy wannabe girlfriend while Karen Lynn Gorney plays his dance partner for a big contest. \r\n\r\nThis was a huge hit in its day and the catalyst for disco fever throughout the world. To this day you\u2019ll see people mimic Travolta\u2019s iconic dance stance with one arm pointing upward and the corresponding leg out. John was in the prime of his life at 22 during shooting (a great inspiration for guys to get in shape) and already popular due to TV\u2019s Welcome Back Kotter. \u201cSaturday Night Fever\u201d shot him to stardom, making him a household name. \r\n\r\nThe movie\u2019s hit status was deserved because of its emphasis on the ordinary, but interesting protagonists and their entertaining drama, not to mention the dynamic dance sequences and popular soundtrack featuring the Bee Gees. There are several quality scenes, including one with the magnificent Brooklyn Bridge as a backdrop. Watch for 19 year-old Fran Drescher making her acting debut in a glorified cameo.    \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 58 minutes and was shot in Brooklyn, New York City. WRITERS: Nik Cohn (story) and Norman Wexler (screenplay). \r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [10805, 535, 10998, 2039], "youtube_key": "XdxS8VAdwZ0"}