{"tmdb_id": 110248, "title": "Le Bandit de la for\u00eat de Sherwood", "original_title": "The Bandit Of Sherwood Forest", "slug_title": "le-bandit-de-la-foret-de-sherwood", "date": "1946-02-21", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Fantastique"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "fils de cape et d'\u00e9p\u00e9e Robin Hood (Cornel Wilde) vient \u00e0 la rescousse quand enfant-roi d'Angleterre est captur\u00e9 par le mal, avide de pouvoir William de Pembroke (Henry Daniell). Co-dirig\u00e9 par George Sherman et Henry Levin, ce film met \u00e9galement en vedette 1946 Anita Louise, Jill Esmond, Edgar Buchanan, Russell Hicks, Lloyd Corrigan, Maurice Tauzin, Eva Moore, John Abbott, Ray Teal et Ian Wolfe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iydqmN5YExgWJk7rWBZ4HgTol5Z.jpg", "actors": ["Anita Louise (Lady Catherine Maitland)", "Jill Esmond (The Queen Mother)", "Edgar Buchanan (Friar Tuck)", "Cornel Wilde (Robert of Nottingham)", "John Abbott (Will Scarlet)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well buckle my swash son of Robin Hood!\r\n\r\nThe Bandit of Sherwood Forest is directed by George Sherman and Henry Levin and collectively written by Wilfrid H. Pettitt, Melvin Levy and Paul A. Castleton. It stars Cornel Wilde, Anita Louise, Jill Esmond, Edgar Buchanan, Henry Daniel, George Macready and Russell Hicks. Music is by Hugo Fridehofer and cinematography is shared between Tony Gaudio, William Snyder and George B. Meehan.\r\n\r\nA wonderful spin on the Robin Hood legend, this finds Robin Hood (Hicks) enlisting the help of his son Robert (Wilde) in stopping the nefarious members of the Regency who seek to basically abolish the Magna Carta. What follows in narrative trajectory terms is the usual array of fights and face-offs, with bow and arrows skills supplementing the swordplay. There is of course some simmering passions at work, whilst loyalty and camaraderie is never ever far away.\r\n\r\nThere's such a sense of fun about the picture, it's like everyone is enjoying playing in a costume adventure. The Technicolor is luscious and the set design and art direction is impressive, more so when put into context the modest budget allocated to the production by Columbia.\r\n\r\nThe draw card is Wilde, a one time Olympic standard fencer, he utterly convinces as a swashbuckler and has charm in abundance. It's very unlikely anyone will ever fill a Robin Hood based film role with the panache that Errol Flynn did back in 1938, but Wilde most assuredly nails down a marker for one of the genre's best.\r\n\r\nNot all the costuming strikes as period reflective, neither does one or two character accents, but it matters not one jot. A sometimes rousing and often engaging swashbuckling adventure, The Bandit of Sherwood Forest is one of the better \"Hood\" movies out there. 8/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [60535, 81741, 69058, 33477], "youtube_key": "notfound"}