{"tmdb_id": 110336, "title": "Blood of Dracula", "original_title": "Blood of Dracula", "slug_title": "blood-of-dracula", "date": "1957-11-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Nancy Perkins, qui n\u2019appr\u00e9cie pas que son p\u00e8re se soit remari\u00e9, est exp\u00e9di\u00e9e dans un internat. Dans cet \u00e9tablissement de jeunes filles, elle rencontre Miss Branding, un professeur de chimie qui cherche \u00e0 \u00e9tablir la validit\u00e9 de ses th\u00e9ories quant \u00e0 la nature humaine. Miss Branding est convaincue que Nancy sera le cobaye id\u00e9al\u2026 Elle ne devrait pas avoir de difficult\u00e9s \u00e0 cristalliser la col\u00e8re qui habite la jeune Nancy et prouver ainsi que chacun h\u00e9berge en soi un meurtrier en puissance...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jEPG2TcTyWI6iHibq1aCHnl6ywG.jpg", "actors": ["Susan Harrison (Nancy Perkins)", "Louise Lewis (Miss Branding)", "Jerry Blaine (Tab)", "Gail Ganley (Myra)", "Heather Ames (Nola)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Lt. Dunlap)", "Mary Adams (Mrs. Thorndyke)", "Thomas Browne Henry (Mr. Paul Perkins)", "Don Devlin (Eddie)", "Jean Dean (Mrs. Doris Perkins)", "Richard Devon (Det. Sgt. Stewart)", "Barbara Wilson (Linda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Staggeringly Lame - A Brain Drain - Contrived Cack.\r\n\r\nA teenage girl, bit of a rebel, is sent away to a girls school. Her fiery nature brings her to the attention of the science teacher, who, using a Carpathian amulet, uses the girl for nefarious deeds.\r\n\r\nOK! You understand why plenty of folk love the cruddy schlockers of the 50s (I love me plenty as well), the films that were the bottom half of a bottom of the barrel drive-in double bill. Quite often there's a charm to be found, even some that genuinely have craft, guile and surprise enough to warrant love and affection. Blood of Dracula (AKA: Blood Is My Heritage) is devoid of charm and doesn't work hard to earn support.\r\n\r\nAs has been pointed out by the horror faithful over the years, there is no blood and no Dracula in this film - though Dracula as plural does get a mention during one of the many many long and dull passages of chatter within. The narrative plods along until angry girl meets angry science teacher and it's hypnotism time! Yay. Enter a creature that looks like Eddie Munster with bad teeth. All violent damage is done off screen, an interim pop tune and dance sequence is just bizarre, and the plot's motives really don't make any sense.\r\n\r\nHerman Cohen (producer) was not dumb. I Was a Teenage Werewolf and I Was a Teenage Frankenstein, the two other films in this schlocky trilogy, are good fun. He was capable of overseeing some good movies pitched at a teen audience - even having something to say about the youth/adult divide. Sadly his vampire excursion is not only lazy, it's also very dull. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43312, 116327, 52639, 43119], "youtube_key": "BFWTTF4mwDo"}