{"tmdb_id": 110416, "title": "Le chant de la mer", "original_title": "Song of the Sea", "slug_title": "le-chant-de-la-mer", "date": "2014-09-06", "genre": "Familial / Animation / Fantastique", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Ben et Ma\u00efna vivent avec leur p\u00e8re tout en haut d'un phare sur une petite \u00eele. Pour les prot\u00e9ger des dangers de la mer, leur grand-m\u00e8re les emm\u00e8ne vivre \u00e0 la ville. Ben d\u00e9couvre alors que sa petite soeur est une selkie, une f\u00e9e de la mer dont le chant peut d\u00e9livrer les \u00eatres magiques du sort que leur a jet\u00e9 la Sorci\u00e8re aux hiboux. Au cours d'un fantastique voyage, Ben et Ma\u00efna vont devoir affronter peurs et dangers,  et combattre la sorci\u00e8re pour aider les \u00eatres magiques \u00e0 retrouver leur pouvoir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5fvxIK5ef98r8fGdTYx7vZ4cFHg.jpg", "actors": ["Brendan Gleeson (Conor / Mac Lir (voice))", "Fionnula Flanagan (Granny / Macha (voice))", "David Rawle (Ben (voice))", "Pat Shortt (Lug (voice))", "Jon Kenny (Ferry Dan / The Great Seanacha\u00ed (voice))", "Lisa Hannigan (Bronach (voice))", "Lucy O'Connell (Saoirse (voice))", "Colm \u00d3'Snodaigh (Mossy (voice))", "Liam Hourican (Spud / Bus Driver (voice))", "Kevin Swierszcz (Young Ben (voice))", "Will Collins (Additional Voices (voice))", "Paul Young (Additional Voices)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "If you ever watched 'The Secret of Kells', you will never think of skipping it. Though, people watch it in the interest of the Oscar connection. From all the nominees it is the clear winner according to me, even far better than the real winner 'Big Hero 6'. The American Academy Awards had failed to recognise the true ingenuity. That does not stop win the heart the of millions of children around the world. As for the adults, it makes you feel young again for a while. Lots of humour in it with faint emotions at the end along the kids favoured flavour throughout.\r\n\r\nFar East and far West film industries ruling the animation production, but Tomm Moore from Ireland is trying to open the new gate from the European division. Not many people are aware of him, one more movie and its success may lead to the greater heights for sure. This animation technics are very unique, but not the first time in the use.\r\n\r\nThe character illustrations were cuter to enchant the young kids. Watching the movie is like reading a children's storybook with the large pictures everywhere and a couple of lines of words in the corner of the page. Like the anime in Japan and 3D animation in Hollywood, this would mark the Euro on the map. There are many animations are made and still making in Europe, but this one is the new perspective of hope to reach all the major and remote places of the Earth. Wish it moves in the right direction.\r\n\r\nIf you had known how all the fairy tales work, you would feel you can predict this story because, you know defeating evil, breaking curses, the happy endings are the usual part. So what matters is the storytelling, how well the stories are presented on the screen. This film excels in that point, and the music is the another highlight of the movie. Whoever the music director/composer I must praise him. Almost a year ago I saw the trailer for the first time and I felt like I already loved the movie, mainly because of the music.\r\n\r\n''Hold this shell to your ear and listen carefully. You will hear the song of the sea.''\r\n\r\nIn his earlier movie the director told a simple and short story extraordinarily, and still I hum that beautiful 'Aisling song' sometime. This movie had a wonderful adventure story of a boy called Ben and his little sister Saoirse. In the journey of running away from an owl witch, the magical creatures and an ancient seashell guide them a path. On the right time the title song makes the way to delight next 10 minutes of the crucial segment in the narration. I love the original version, in Irish even though I don't understand. It was good and catchy, even for the grown ups as well. Feels like, want to visit those places from the movie, but sadly our only option is Disneyland, huh.\r\n\r\nDisney and Studio Ghibli are the king and queen of fairy tale movies. No one would, but if you are mildly fed up of those, here the new dimensional fresh tales from the Ireland's folklore. Though, it sets in the modern world, but does not abandon to bring the key factors. Like the ancient meet the modern world with the same intensity. Kind of new to hear the words like Selkie, Macha etc., but, brand new for the people who live thousands of kilometers away in the different continents. Animation movie fanatics would love it, but if there are any children like niece and nephew in your home or visits you, watch it with them on that occasion and you would feel differently.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26963, 149871, 170687, 242828]}