{"tmdb_id": 11046, "title": "Quand les aigles attaquent", "original_title": "Where Eagles Dare", "slug_title": "quand-les-aigles-attaquent", "date": "1968-12-04", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Action / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1944, un commando britannique est parachut\u00e9 en Autriche pr\u00e8s du village de Werfen dans le land de Salzbourg (dans les Alpes autrichiennes \u00e0 moins de 40 km au sud-est de Berchtesgaden et du nid d'aigle d'Hitler en Bavi\u00e8re) pour r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral am\u00e9ricain, prisonnier dans une forteresse nazie, le Hohenwerfen (\u00ab Ch\u00e2teau des aigles \u00bb). Mais tr\u00e8s vite, deux membres du commandos meurent et il semble qu'au moins trois autres jouent un double jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/991u0tSWGTVXCYkgC6ftaGE4bkQ.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (Maj. Jonathan Smith, MC)", "Clint Eastwood (Lt. Morris Schaffer)", "Mary Ure (Mary Elison)", "Patrick Wymark (Col. Wyatt Turner, DSO MC)", "Michael Hordern (Adm. Rolland)", "Donald Houston (Christiansen)", "Peter Barkworth (Berkeley)", "William Squire (Thomas)", "Robert Beatty (Gen. George Carnaby)", "Brook Williams (Sgt. Harrod)", "Neil McCarthy (Sgt. Jock MacPherson)", "Vincent Ball (Carpenter)", "Anton Diffring (Col. Kramer)", "Ferdy Mayne (Rosemeyer)", "Derren Nesbitt (Von Hapen)", "Victor Beaumont (Col. Weissner)", "Ingrid Pitt (Heidi)", "Guy Deghy (Maj. Wilhelm Wilner (uncredited))", "Philip Stone (Sky Tram Operator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Major, right now you got me about as confused as I ever hope to be.\r\n\r\nDirected by Brian G. Hutton and adapted to the screen from his own novel by Alistair MacLean, Where Eagles Dare stars Richard Burton and Clint Eastwood. Music is scored by Ron Goodwin and cinematography is by Arthur Ibbetson.\r\n\r\nA small group of allied agents are sent on a mission to rescue a Allied General from a Nazi castle stronghold. But there is more that what meets the eye here...\r\n\r\nBoys own men on a mission in grandiose strokes, MacLean's complex story makes for riveting and exciting entertainment. The story twists and turns like a Python, so full attention to conversational details is very much required, yet it's the fun and kinetic action that holds the most attention. There are stunts galore amongst the Austrian Alps (beautifully photographed by Ibbetson), and as the espionage hokum reaches its crescendo status, so does the explosions, with the makers wasting no opportunity to blow everything up. Burton is classy and enjoying himself, Eastwood laconic and cool, while good support comes from Mary Ure, Patrick Wymark, Michael Hordern and Donald Houston. The running time is a touch too long as MacLean's prose is given weighty treatment for extended chatter, and some back projection work feels unnecessarily cheap, but this is good old machismo fuelled classic cinema regardless. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "One of the greatest action/adventure films ever made\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1968 and directed by Brian G. Hutton, \"Where Eagles Dare\" is a World War II adventure about handful of commandos parachuting into the wilderness surrounding a German castle-fortress high in the Bavarian Alps. Their mission is to rescue a captive general before the Germans can interrogate him. However, not everything is as it first appears.\r\n\r\nThe film is not a conventional World War II flick. Alistair Maclean wrote the script based on his novel and thus the movie is, unsurprisingly, a spy thriller just as much as it is a war picture. Keep in mind that spy flicks were super-hot when the film was released (e.g. James Bond). Are 60's spy films plausible? Realistic? No, they only have the veneer of plausibility and realism; underneath it's all escapist fantasy. So it is with \"Where Eagles Dare.\"\r\n\r\nThe opening with the breathtaking Alps and Ron Goodwin's exhilerating score is one of the greatest cinematic openings in history. From there you get intrigue, thrilling action scenes, a magnificent castle, Richard Burton at his charismatic best, two beautiful women (Mary Ure and Ingrid Pitt), surprising plot twists, cable cars, a suspenseful escape and a don't-see-it-coming ending, not to mention Clint Eastwood.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of Eastwood, he plays a taciturn American lieutenant, second fiddle to Richard Burton, the British leader of the operation. Believe it or not, Burton's charisma is so out of the ball park that Eastwood pales by comparison. Of course, this has a lot to do with the way their roles were written, but you still have to give Burton credit for blowing Eastwood, who's no slouch, out of the water.\r\n\r\nSome complain about the utter ruthlessness of the Allied commandos, particularly the characters played by Burton and Eastwood, but they're Special Forces on a secret mission, not conventional soldiers in infantry combat. They're professional killing machines, which is why they were given the job. There was no room for mercy in this operation at this stage in the war.\r\n\r\nIn any case, it's exciting to see Burton & Eastwood and their team mow down scores of Germans. The film's so well-done and compelling that you sorta don't realize how unbelievable it is while watching. This is because it lacks the cartoonish-ness of, say, \"Rambo 2\" and \"Rambo 3\" and maintains an air of realism throughout (which is different than saying it's realistic).\r\n\r\nFINAL WORD: \"Where Eagles Dare\" is one of the greatest action/adventure films of all time and is as-good-or-better than any war flick you care to name. The exhilarating score itself is worth the price of admission, as is the opening. If you're in the mood for a World War II flick, \"Where Eagles Dare\" is at the top of the list.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 2 hours, 35 minutes and was shot on location in Austria with studio work done in England.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [11589, 10911, 1654, 11372], "youtube_key": "b-_P-DoBe6E"}