{"tmdb_id": 11040, "title": "Little Big Man", "original_title": "Little Big Man", "slug_title": "little-big-man", "date": "1970-12-14", "genre": ["Aventure / Western / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c2g\u00e9 de cent vingt et un ans, Jack Crabb se souvient de son pass\u00e9 au temps de la conqu\u00eate de l'Ouest. Enfant, il a trouv\u00e9 amour, amiti\u00e9 et ennemi parmi les indiens, sa famille adoptive. Adolescent, il est revenu parmi les Blancs, mais l'\u00e9ducation indienne ne s'oublie pas...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vXJzxGqhUXQXgpXDNJFZtjQ1Cx6.jpg", "actors": ["Dustin Hoffman (Jack Crabb)", "Faye Dunaway (Mrs. Louise Pendrake)", "Chief Dan George (Old Lodge Skins)", "Martin Balsam (Mr. Merriweather)", "Richard Mulligan (Gen. George Armstrong Custer)", "Jeff Corey (Wild Bill Hickok)", "Aim\u00e9e Eccles (Sunshine)", "William Hickey (Historian)", "Jesse Vint (Lieutenant)", "Alan Oppenheimer (Major)", "Lou Cutell (Deacon)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Shotgun Guard)", "James Anderson (Sergeant)", "Jesse Vint (Lieutenant (as Jess Vint))", "Thayer David (Rev. Silas Pendrake)", "Philip Kenneally (Mr. Kane - Drugstore Proprietor)", "Jack Bannon (Captain)", "Ray Dimas (Young Jack Crabb)", "Alan Howard (Adolescent Jack Crabb)", "Jack Mullaney (Card Player with Full House)", "Steve Miranda (Younger Bear as a Youth)", "Ken Mayer (Sergeant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There is an endless supply of white men. There has always been a limited number of human beings.\r\n\r\nLittle Big Man is directed by Arthur Penn and written by Calder Willingham. It stars Dustin Hoffman, Faye Dunaway, Martin Balsam, Chief Dan George and Richard Mulligan.\r\n\r\nArthur Penn's Little Big Man is tagged with many filmic sayings, be it revisionist or anti Western etc, it's a picture much cherished for its oddly quirky slyness. Allegorical movies are now in this day and age ten a penny, but back in 1970, with the Vietnam War in vivid focus, that wasn't the case. Marking this out as a provocative and ambitious venture.\r\n\r\nPenn has fun debunking and poking fun at the myths of the Old West via an array of pungent characters that Jack Crabb (Hoffman) meets in his lifetime. All of which leads to the question hanging in the air, that of is Jack Crabb the sole white man survivor of Custer's last stand at Little Big Horn?\r\n\r\nThe portrayal of the Indians, here the Cheyenne, is superlative by way of the fact that they are the sensible spiritual race, the whites on the other hand are emotionally corrupt in comparison. It gets a little heavy handed at times and really half an hour could have been shaved off the running time and still the pic would have had the same effect. But great performances, the quirks and the potent thematics make for a fine piece of film making. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10518, 983, 11943, 14676], "youtube_key": "xWGAdzn5_KU"}