{"tmdb_id": 110626, "title": "Des hommes arm\u00e9s de Laredo", "original_title": "Gunmen from Laredo", "slug_title": "des-hommes-armes-de-laredo", "date": "1959-03-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s que Ben Keefer ait tu\u00e9 la femme de Gil Reardon, Reardon cherche \u00e0 se venger. Pour arriver \u00e0 Keefer il doit sortir l'un des sbires de Keefer. Mais Keefer le fait ressembler \u00e0 un meurtre et il est condamn\u00e9 et envoy\u00e9 en prison. Il s'\u00e9chappe, mais revenant, il est captur\u00e9 par le mar\u00e9chal. Le Mar\u00e9chal sait que Keefer est un escroc, mais a \u00e9t\u00e9 incapable de le condamner. Alors il laisse Reardon s'\u00e9chapper et Reardon s'en va seul faire face \u00e0 Keefer et \u00e0 ses deux fr\u00e8res.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p13ByggSOABhvhGtc3vRuhEBySR.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Knapp (Gil Reardon)", "Walter Coy (Ben Keefer)", "Paul Birch (Marshal Matt Crawford)", "Don C. Harvey (Deputy Dave)", "Clarence Straight (Deputy Frank Ross)", "Jered Barclay (Jordan Keefer)", "Ron Hayes (Walt Keefer)", "Charles Horvath (Coloradas)", "Jean Moorhead (Katy Reardon)", "Maureen Hingert (Rosita)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And the devil wind will come.\r\n\r\nGunmen from Laredo is directed by Wallace MacDonald and written by Clark E. Reynolds. It stars Robert Knapp, Jana Davi, Walter Coy, Paul Birch and Don C. Harvey. \r\n\r\nOut to avenge the murder of his wife and friend, Gil Reardon (Knapp) hurries into Laredo to confront the culprits. Forced to draw on one of the thugs, Gil is set up for murder and sent to prison. Escaping, he meets up with a Mescalero woman who aids him on is journey through the wilderness. If they can survive the terrain and Indian attacks? Then Gil is heading back to Laredo to clear his name and get his revenge.\r\n\r\nStraight from the bottom rung of the \u201cB\u201d Western ladder, is this Columbia offering filmed in Columbia Color no less! It\u2019s a poor effort, a basic case of film makers stringing a number of scenes together to pad out a movie. The acting is poor, the set design around the town of Laredo is hardly convincing, while the location photography around Bronson Canyon is decidedly flat.\r\n\r\nHowever, I find myself in the unusual situation of having watched a bad Western yet feel the need to grudgingly admire it! MacDonald and Reynolds cram all they can into their picture. Shoot-outs, prison escape, chases, fist fights, sandstorm and a smouldering romance in waiting. The choreography isn\u2019t up to much, mind, but the sheer gusto and willingness to entertain is to be applauded.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s the sort of Oater that Dad can plonk the kids in front of the TV and know they will have fun and be occupied, while he sits in his armchair relaxing with a glass of wine. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}