{"tmdb_id": 110674, "title": "Apache Territory", "original_title": "Apache Territory", "slug_title": "apache-territory", "date": "1958-09-01", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/22qwd8p4N2PWmudivSEXXALJ7LY.jpg", "actors": ["Rory Calhoun (Logan Cates)", "Barbara Bates (Jennifer Fair)", "John Dehner (Grant Kimbrough)", "Carolyn Craig (Junie Hatchett)", "Tom Pittman (Lonnie Foreman (as Thomas Pittman))", "Leo Gordon (Zimmerman)", "Myron Healey (Webb)", "Francis De Sales (Sgt. Sheehan (as Francis DeSales))", "Frank De Kova (Lugo (as Frank deKova))", "Regis Parton (Conley (as Reg Parton))", "Bob Woodward (Graves)", "Fred Krone (Styles)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A thousand hells at Papago Wells!\r\n\r\nApache Territory is directed by Ray Nazarro and collectively adapted to screenplay by George W. George, Charles R. Marion and Frank L. Moss from the novel Last Stand at Papago Wells written by Louis L'Amour. It stars Rory Calhoun, Barbara Bates, John Dehner, Carolyn Craig, Tom Pittman, Frank DeKova and Leo Gordon. Music is by Mischa Bakaleinikoff and cinematography by Irving Lippman.\r\n\r\nSaddle Tramp Logan Cates (Calhoun) takes control of an assorted group of civilians and cavalrymen when they are thrust together by fate and come under siege from marauding Apache Indians. With inner conflict threatening the group and the Apache attacking like ghosts of the desert, their chance of survival is slim. But why does Calhoun keep looking at the sky?\r\n\r\nCanteen Bombs of the Apocalpyse.\r\n\r\nRoutine and of standard siege formula stock, Apache Territory is however brisk and enjoyable if willing to forgive the cliche's and stereotypes. Plot unfolds as a group dynamic cracking under the strain whilst the nasty old Indians attack at intervals and use psychological warfare in the process. Within the group there's a double dose of love interest, with one of them featuring Calhoun and Bates as old lovers now thrust together under trying circumstance. Into the mix are a coward, an aloof racist, a cavalry Sergeant struggling to control his group, a hero in waiting and a Prima Indian who hates the Apache and also has some gold in his possession. So with no food and the water running dry, it's shaping up to be a hopeless situation.\r\n\r\nGila monster up the trouser leg?\r\n\r\nClocking in at just over 70 minutes the film never outstays its welcome, and in spite of the standard characterisations on the page, the cast do well to keep things pleasingly watchable. Calhoun (Powder River/The Hired Gun) makes for a good rugged hero, leading off the film with some telling gusto, New Yorker DeKovo (Run of the Arrow/Arrowhead) once again doesn't embarrass himself in another Native American role, while Dehner (Apache/The Fastest Gun Alive) and Gordon (Hondo/7th Cavalry) show why they were much used character actors. Filmed in Eastman Color, the budget just about stretched to feature some views of Red Rock Canyon, but mostly the action is based on a sound stage set. 6/10\r\n\r\nThere is sad trivia attached to the film. Within 12 years of this film's release three of the principal cast members would be dead. Bates in 1969 and Craig in 1970 died at their own hands and young Tom Pittman was killed in a car accident just a couple of months after Apache Territory was released to theatres, he was 26 years old."}], "recommandations_id": [66888, 38807]}