{"tmdb_id": 11062, "title": "City Hall", "original_title": "City Hall", "slug_title": "city-hall", "date": "1996-02-16", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Le maire de New York et son jeune adjoint r\u00e8gnent sans partage sur l'administration de la ville. Les deux hommes forment un duo redoutable qui g\u00e8re habilement les affaires courantes de la ville et b\u00e9n\u00e9ficient ainsi d'une grande popularit\u00e9. Cette m\u00e9canique bien huil\u00e9e va se gripper le jour o\u00f9, au cour d'un \u00e9change de coups de feu entre un policier et un dealer, un enfant noir de six ans est tu\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ttdjD9NpxXsTJidPT3o1Gk0oTkG.jpg", "actors": ["Al Pacino (Mayor John Pappas)", "John Cusack (Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun)", "Bridget Fonda (Marybeth Cogan)", "Danny Aiello (Frank Anselmo)", "Martin Landau (Judge Walter Stern)", "David Paymer (Abe Goodman)", "Richard Schiff (Larry Schwartz)", "Lauren V\u00e9lez (Elaine Santos)", "Nestor Serrano (Det. Eddie Santos)", "Lindsay Duncan (Sydney Pappas)", "Tamara Tunie (Leslie Christos)", "John Slattery (Det. George)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Being a huge fan of Al Pacino (from the likes of 'Heat', the 'Godfather' movies, and 'Dog Day Afternoon' especially) and having had a huge crush on Bridget Fonda ('Single White Female', anyone?) back in the day (Peter Fonda's famous daughter was named 85th sexiest star in film history, and Mrs. Danny Elfman hasn't been involved in film, unfortunately, since 2002), I was hugely disappointed in this film, especially since I had loved director Harold Becker's previous 'Sea of Love', which also starred Pacino. The first half was decent and involving, but it kind of slid off the rails, interest-wise for me, the rest of the way and got too talky and uninspired.\r\n\r\nI don't really know if the problem was with the script or its direction. I know I'm not the greatest John Cusack fan in the world (I find he's much better in comedy, like his sister Joan), but he had pretty good co-stars, whose talents were basically wasted, in Martin Landau, Anthony Franciosa and Danny Aiello (these guys were BORN for these roles and films, so on paper, this should have really worked out well). I had always wondered why this film had bombed so miserably, and now I know why. In cases like this, more should have been done to alter the story arc, just some basic tweaks, to make it more suspenseful and/or (though I usually balk at such 'Hollywood' tendencies) some romantic tension (a beauty such as Fonda's was misused--they may as well have hired someone else). All in all, a wasted opportunity that's worth a look if you like dramas about corruption--just don't go in with big expectations, and don't bother with a rewatch."}], "recommandations_id": [12150, 10337, 31640, 10551]}