{"tmdb_id": 11060, "title": "Affaires Priv\u00e9es", "original_title": "Internal Affairs", "slug_title": "affaires-privees", "date": "1990-01-12", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Raymond Avilla, flic obstin\u00e9 et intransigeant, vient d'\u00eatre promu \u00e0 la Police des Polices de Los Angeles. Sa premi\u00e8re enqu\u00eate porte sur un ancien camarade, Van Stretch, qui semble \u00eatre tomb\u00e9 sous la coupe de l'int\u00e8gre et inattaquable sergent Dennis Peck...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j3Lk53GMp0EH9jFBrjd6Y04yyAO.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Gere (Dennis Peck)", "Andy Garc\u00eda (Raymond Avila)", "Laurie Metcalf (Amy Wallace)", "Nancy Travis (Kathleen Avila)", "Elijah Wood (Sean Stretch)", "Richard Bradford (Grieb)", "William Baldwin (Van Stretch)", "Michael Beach (Dorian Fletcher)", "Faye Grant (Penny Stretch)", "John Kapelos (Steven Arrocas)", "Katherine Borowitz (Tova Arrocas)", "Annabella Sciorra (Heather Peck)", "Susan Forristal (Lolly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Like a big baby with buttons all over. I push the buttons.\r\n\r\nInternal Affairs is directed by Mike Figgis and written by Henry Bean. It stars Richard Gere, Andy Garcia, Nancy Travis, William Baldwin and Laurie Metcalf. Music is jointly produced by Figgis, Brian Banks and Anthony Marinelli and cinematography is by John A. Alonzo.\r\n\r\nStylish neo-noir that has Gere as Dennis Peck, a crooked cop under investigation by IAD operatives Garcia and Metcalf.\r\n\r\nPeck is a master manipulator, a devious bastard who has his fingers in so many mud pies he could start his own bakery. Gere is on fire with the role, imbuing Peck with a menacing nastiness that\u2019s a constant throughout the entire play. \r\n\r\nOnce Figgis and Bean have laid the character foundations, the plot turns into a psychological battle of wills and skills between Peck and Raymond Avila (Garcia), with Peck always one step ahead because he knows where Avila\u2019s weakness is.\r\n\r\nFiggis slow burns the tension with great aplomb, then unleashes the beasts for the thriller aspects of Bean\u2019s screenplay. The look and feel of the piece is that of doom, deftly positing Peck\u2019s vileness within a city awash with crooks, hookers and hitmen for hire. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12150, 10859, 2990, 10083], "youtube_key": "tWMzNDEZWgU"}