{"tmdb_id": 11071, "title": "Des monstres attaquent la ville", "original_title": "Them!", "slug_title": "des-monstres-attaquent-la-ville", "date": "1954-06-16", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une explosion atomique, des fourmis g\u00e9antes apparaissent dans le d\u00e9sert du Nouveau-Mexique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3MmOxevzMTSG1sqjyBatptOQq3X.jpg", "actors": ["James Whitmore (Sgt. Ben Peterson)", "James Arness (FBI Agent Robert Graham)", "Joan Weldon (Dr. Pat Medford)", "Edmund Gwenn (Dr. Harold Medford)", "Onslow Stevens (Brig. Gen. Robert O'Brien)", "Sean McClory (Maj. Kibbee)", "Chris Drake (Trooper Ed Blackburn)", "Sandy Descher (The Ellinson Girl)", "Don Shelton (Trooper Capt. Fred Edwards)", "Fess Parker (Alan Crotty)", "Mary Alan Hokanson (Mrs. Lodge)", "Olin Howland (Jensen)", "Ann Doran (Child Psychiatrist)", "Leonard Nimoy (Army Sergeant)", "William Schallert (Ambulance Attendant)", "Dub Taylor (Railroad Yard Watchman)", "Richard Deacon (Bald Reporter at L.A. News Conference)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Blackhorse", "content": "Great Classic Sci-Fi!  This movie came out 7 days after I was born!  Because of Nuclear testing. ( Of Course ) Everything happened in the 50's movies because of that, these tiny little creatures become as large as cars and bigger.  Ravishing the countryside looking for Sugar, of perhaps a M&M factory.  Of course people get in the way and are quickly dispatched in their giant pinchers.  Great cast also.  A Must see!"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Often imitated, rarely bettered.\r\n\r\nWeird deaths are occurring in the New Mexico desert, it is revealed to be the work of giant mutated ants born out of the A Bomb tests that took place there. Trouble escalates to the big city of Los Angeles when one of the giant queen ants escapes to L.A. and starts laying eggs that could lead to the end of mankind as we know it.\r\n\r\nThis is a cautionary tale about scientific tampering fused with a Cold War theme of destroying a threat to the country. Boasting some wonderful scenes such as the first desert encounter (cloaked in a sandstorm) and the final underground battle, Them! is a truly enjoyable viewing experience that oozes the right amount of paranoia that became ever more prominent as the nuclear age grew. The puppetry and special effects on show is of a very high standard for the time (well done Academy Award Nominee Ralph Ayres), and the direction from Gordon Douglas is one of the better efforts in the genre. The tight story vanquishes any gripes about the plausibility factor, while the acting is, perhaps given the type of piece it is, of a surprisingly good standard. With James Whitmore, Edmund Gwenn, and Joan Weldon giving it a bit of oopmh. Them! went on to become Warner Brothers highest grossing film in 1954, it's really not hard to see why. Because Them! firmly stands up as one of the best films of a sadly much maligned genre. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10785, 11815, 26857, 15856], "youtube_key": "2oRE2p_OHC8"}