{"tmdb_id": 111061, "title": "Blue Train", "original_title": "Plavi voz", "slug_title": "blue-train", "date": "2010-11-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "2.8/10", "synopsis": "Blue Train is Serbian atipic teenage comedy. Just before Tito's death a high school graduates in Belgrade live their normal life before the end of the school year. Spring is relaxed and they organize the election \"Princess Of Spring\" for the most beautiful girl in school. Vojislav is in love with Anica, friend from class. While his best friend, convinces him that the organization of the miss elections is the best way to win Anica's heart. Milena has crush in Vojislav, and she want to spoil his plan.  After the death of professor of Marxism, in the school comes a new, very young and ambitious professor Bo\u017ei\u010dkovi\u0107, a former pupil of the school. His charm and informal dress manages to win the sympathy of students, especially girls. Professor Bo\u017ei\u010dkovi\u0107 like Anica, and he shows that in front of the class. Anica and Vojislav do not appritiate that.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eP5Ap2DHfjO8REjo82s5njk3MIe.jpg", "actors": ["Sanja Popovi\u0107 (Anica)", "Ljubomir Bulaji\u0107 (Vojislav)", "Aleksandar Radoji\u010di\u0107 (Dok)", "Aleksandra Tomi\u0107 (Jasna)", "Suzana Luki\u0107 (Milena)", "Lena Bogdanovi\u0107 (Direktorka skole)", "Neboj\u0161a Milovanovi\u0107 (Profesor Bozickovic)", "Goran Sultanovi\u0107 (Pukovnik Krsmanovi\u0107)", "Aleksandar \u0110urica (inspektor Dragi\u0161i\u0107)", "Mia Fukuda (Dokova \u017eena)", "Branislav Fistri\u0107 (Batina\u0161)", "Jelena Bosanac (Mi\u0161el)", "Jovana Jelovac \u010cavni\u0107 (Misica)", "Tinja Do\u0161en (Rut)", "Katarina Devi\u0107 (Misica 4)", "Aleksandar Jovanovi\u0107 (Ne\u0161a)", "Aleksandar Bogdanovi\u0107 (Profesor fizi\u010dkog)", "Neboj\u0161a Radosavljevi\u0107 (Profesor filozofije)", "Andrijana Oliveri\u0107 (Jelena)", "Vuka\u0161in Nikitovi\u0107 (Pekar)", "Vladan Mili\u0107 (Zvonko)", "Sani Meha (Naser)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}