{"tmdb_id": 11104, "title": "Chungking Express", "original_title": "\u91cd\u6176\u68ee\u6797", "slug_title": "chungking-express", "date": "1994-07-14", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire de deux flics l\u00e2ch\u00e9s par leur petite amie. Le matricule 223 qui se promet de tomber amoureux de la premi\u00e8re femme qui entrera dans un bar a Chungking House ou il noie son chagrin. Le matricule 663, qui chaque soir passe au Midnight Express, un fast-food du quartier de Lan Kwai Fong, acheter a la jolie Faye une \"Chef Salad\" qu'il destine a sa belle, une h\u00f4tesse de l'air.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fsudYlZ4bpXimQ34DwH8nf4R77p.jpg", "actors": ["Brigitte Lin (Woman in blonde wig)", "Tony Leung Chiu-Wai (Policeman 663)", "Faye Wong (Faye)", "Takeshi Kaneshiro (He Zhiwu, Cop 223)", "Valerie Chow (Air Hostess)", "Piggy Chan (Owner of eatery)", "Kwan Lee-Na (May)", "Wong Chi-Ming (K store clerk)", "Leung San (Replacement for Cop 663)", "Rico Chu Tak-On (Stewardess' new boyfriend)", "Lynne Langdon (Complaining Customer (Uncredited))", "Vickie Eng (Bar Maid (Uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "eliasmata", "content": "A week has passed since I watched this film. I wanted to let it sit with me for a bit before watching it again and giving it a proper response.\r\n\r\nFilms like this, which are hyped to an unbelievable degree, end up sending an audience to end up watching it with elevated expectations, only to be ultimately disappointed afterwards. It\u2019s a fact that many films suffer considerably from this aspect of our cinephile culture, I\u2019ve experienced it with many films before.\r\n\r\n_Chungking Express_ has a reputation that I think may be beyond what it intended, with it being an Out-of-Print title at Criterion, the prices for the Blu-ray being obnoxiously high, and the constant barrage of exuberant reactions from many who\u2019ve seen the film. This kind of superficial intrigue alone can set me up with expectations that are likely to not be met. Every film that is being made does not intend to create this fa\u00e7ade of a reputation, it\u2019s just a film. Most creators are not there to make this kind of reaction happen out of their films, and yet, we somehow continue to do so\u2026\r\n\r\nI\u2019m rambling, aren\u2019t I? I think this is just my criticism with film culture regarding the hyping of certain films.\r\n\r\nAnd yet, somehow, despite my attempts to condense these (potential) hyperbolic reactions, _Chungking Express_ may have exceeded my expectations. Perhaps that makes me a hypocrite regarding this issue, but then again, if I enjoyed the film to the extent at which it met my expectations (or surpassed them in this case), am I to be negatively looked at for criticizing these actions, but essentially having them work on me specifically with _Chungking Express_? If so, then let it be I guess. Regardless, this film was one of the best experiences I have had in a while.\r\n\r\nIt is surprisingly easy for me to connect with this film and its characters. All of them have a certain struggle they must deal with, whether it\u2019d be relationship problems, not being able to move on, or even simply failing to accomplish a certain task. It\u2019s all relatively simple if I think about it, there isn\u2019t much in terms of characterization for many of the subjects in the film, and yet, I don\u2019t believe there needs to be that much. Simply leaving it the way it is works extremely well, and I\u2019m willing to believe that Wong Kar-Wai understood this.\r\n\r\nThere are statements that explain how Wong Kar-Wai essentially wrote scenarios for the film the morning of and shot the scenes later in the day. Easily, this could lead to a jumbled mess of separate ideas thrown together in the editing room at a feature length time. And yet, he stays consistent in the thematic ideas he proposes. Shot chronologically, the ideas set up through the first half of the film, have threads that continue onwards towards the second half.\r\n\r\nOne of my favorite directors, Krzysztof Kie\u015blowski, uses the elements of interconnectedness within his films. Regardless of how different the stories might be, there is something there that connects each story together. In _Chungking Express_, that idea is essentially brought out brazenly, to the extent at which it initially shocked me. That one moment at the half-way mark of the film, comes at you so fast, that afterwards you\u2019re left gasped for what the film turns into. It\u2019s a brazen switch of narrative, and yet, it\u2019s still leaves the film to be connected altogether.\r\n\r\nThe expectations for love are very much tricky in it of themselves, as is shown with each character that one sees in the film. It\u2019s not simple, it isn\u2019t black and white, but rather a spectrum that one must align itself with, and possibly adapt to if necessary. To deal with the aspects of love in a film can either be hokey and misguided, or it can be meticulous and interesting. _Chungking Express_ finds a middle ground between these two, not dealing too much towards the intellectual side of these issues, but not straying away too far towards the clich\u00e9d. Wong Kar-Wai doesn\u2019t treat these characters as caricatures. Sure, there are some humorous; sometimes childish, moments with Faye, but it doesn\u2019t take away from her character. As with every subject in the film, there is something to latch on to. All around the thematic ideas of love, or the lack thereof, worked together so well, that it leads to these characters feeling authentic. Not simply words on a script.\r\n\r\nI really don\u2019t know what else to say. I was awestruck the first time, and I feel even more so now. This is a film that really hit it home with me. More so than other films in the past.\r\n\r\nI\u2019ll say this, by the end of the film, I had similar vibes to when I finished _Lost in Translation_ for the first time. Soon afterwards, that film was my favorite of all time for years.\r\n\r\nFilm culture is fascinating, it may lead to disappointing outcomes based on hyperbolic expectations, or it may lead to a film experience that you never thought were possible.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m beginning to lean towards the latter with _Chungking Express_.\r\n\r\n\r\nWhat a difference a day made, what a difference a film makes.\r\n\r\n---\r\n\r\nBut then again, it all comes down to personal preference, so for all I know you may hate this film. I don\u2019t know. You do you, and I\u2019ll do me. Got it?"}], "recommandations_id": [11220, 18329, 843, 18311], "youtube_key": "ZkyRcGGeq8E"}