{"tmdb_id": 11167, "title": "Le voyeur", "original_title": "Peeping Tom", "slug_title": "le-voyeur", "date": "1960-04-06", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Mark Lewis est un solitaire, passionn\u00e9 d'image jusqu'\u00e0 l'obsession. Op\u00e9rateur sur un plateau de tournage, il fait aussi des extras comme photographe de charme au-dessus d'un marchand de journaux qui vend ses compositions sous le manteau. Son appartement comprend un immense laboratoire rempli de mat\u00e9riels, appareils, chimie. L\u00e0, il d\u00e9veloppe et visionne seul, ses propres films. La cam\u00e9ra toujours \u00e0 port\u00e9e de main, Mark Lewis dit tourner un documentaire mais il s'emploie \u00e0 une d\u00e9marche plus insolite et surtout beaucoup plus morbide....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tJyGgOLDLDhJkUEI4wSoD4eO7n4.jpg", "actors": ["Karlheinz B\u00f6hm (Mark Lewis)", "Moira Shearer (Vivian)", "Anna Massey (Helen Stephens)", "Maxine Audley (Mrs. Stephens)", "Brenda Bruce (Dora)", "Miles Malleson (Elderly Gentleman Customer)", "Esmond Knight (Arthur Baden)", "Michael Goodliffe (Don Jarvis)", "Jack Watson (Chief Insp. Gregg)", "Shirley Anne Field (Pauline Shields)", "Pamela Green (Milly)", "John Barrard (Small Man (uncredited))", "Robert Crewdson (Shop Assistant on Film Set (uncredited))", "Nigel Davenport (Det. Sgt. Miller (uncredited))", "Michael Powell (Mark's Father - A.N. Lewis (uncredited))", "Susan Travers (Lorraine the Model (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fear and the Nervous System. \r\n\r\nPeeping To is directed by Michael Powell and written by Leo Marks. It stars Carl Boehm, Moira Shearer, Anna Massey, Maxine Audley and Brenda Bruce. Music is by Brian Easdale and cinematography by Otto Heller.\r\n\r\nA famous (infamous) film for a number of reasons, not least that the fall out from its release effectively finished the career of the great Michael Powell. Interestingly now, still some 50 plus years later, there are still people discovering the film for the first time and not being sure what they have just watched; much like many critics back in 1960 as it happens! While horror seekers quite often come away disappointed that they haven\u2019t seen a Jack the Ripper bloodshed movie. Apparently they see the words serial killer and expect gore and terror on tap.\r\n\r\nAs fans of the film will attest, Peeping Tom isn\u2019t that sort of serial killer film, it\u2019s a fascinating piece of work. A cunningly crafted observation of a darkened mind, of voyeurism, loneliness and child abuse. From the opening strains of Easdale\u2019s skin itching piano the mood is set, then the brilliantly lurid colour scheme comes into play as troubled Mark Lewis (Boehm) hones in on a victim, a lady of the night about to be filmed in the throes of death. It\u2019s the start of Powell and Marks\u2019 ploy to make us complicit in Lewis\u2019 actions, and then the makers challenge us to sympathise with him as his back story is revealed and also as he struggles with his affections for Helen Stephens (Massey) in the present day.\r\n\r\nThere is also a sly aside to the movie industry running through the picture, something which no doubt irked critics and film distributors back in 1960. There could maybe be an argument that the trauma and psychological thematics at work that underpin the plot are a little dated now? But what is still relevant is the film making \u2013 voyeurism angle as we today are constantly fed reality TV for entertainment purpose. The production is across the board grade \u201cA\u201d, the performances highly effective, with the unfairly maligned Boehm perfect as Lewis, the actor even providing shadings of Peter Lorre at times. Heller\u2019s bold colour photography is disgustingly atmospheric, Easdale\u2019s music a stalking menace and the sound department really come up trumps. Perfect.\r\n\r\nThen of course there is Powell himself, deeply hurt by the savaging he received when Tom was released, it\u2019s nice to note that before he passed away in 1990 he would see the film become a highly regarded piece of film making. It and he deserves praise, his direction is conceptually daring, his framing of Lewis methodical, and of course his camera is our eyes and ears, uncomfortably so. A remarkable and genius film. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31417, 16372, 11481, 931], "youtube_key": "cd59DT2nPWQ"}