{"tmdb_id": 11161, "title": "Grace is Gone", "original_title": "Grace is Gone", "slug_title": "grace-is-gone", "date": "2008-03-06", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "La vie de Stanley Phillips, p\u00e8re de deux petites filles, bascule lorsqu'il apprend la mort de sa femme, Grace, tu\u00e9e au service en Irak. Comment annoncer \u00e0 ses filles que leur m\u00e8re les a quitt\u00e9s ?Stanley tente de repousser ce moment en conduisant les petites \u00e0 un parc d'attractions en Floride, dans un voyage impromptu qui le met face \u00e0 son chagrin. La voix de sa femme sur le r\u00e9pondeur t\u00e9l\u00e9phonique lui procure un pi\u00e8tre r\u00e9confort tandis qu'il cherche la mani\u00e8re de partager la triste nouvelle avec ses enfants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2MYsq2eUgpVlMzN1tYe8t47zXEL.jpg", "actors": ["John Cusack (Stanley Philipps)", "Alessandro Nivola (John Philipps)", "Gracie Bednarczyk (Dawn Philipps)", "Sh\u00e9lan O'Keefe (Heidi Philipps)", "Doug Dearth (Captain Riggs)", "Doug James (Chaplain Johnson)", "Emily Churchill (First Woman)", "Rebecca Spence (Second Woman)", "Jennifer Tyler (Third Woman)", "Susan Messing (Fourth Woman)", "Marisa Tomei (Woman at Pool)", "Zachary Gray (Boy at Pool)", "Penny Slusher (Ear Piercer)", "Dana Lynne Gilhooley (Grace Phillips)", "Mary Kay Place (Woman at Funeral)", "Katie Honaker (Voice of Grace Phillips (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "Like as usual one of the John Cusack's movie that was not widespread among the movie goers. The story of a loving, caring father of two, as well about his dignity. So many movies I'd seen that just deviates slightly from the same storyline and becomes a massive hit, mainly because of the actors or the filmmakers. This one was surprisingly a little fresher from the familiar theme.\r\n\r\nIt was a road-movie-drama which is very much for family audiences. About spending time together and handling grief. A little emotion, a little adventure, a little fun, gives the overall satisfaction of giving a try. I am glad for watching this little movie, which opens about the family value when you miss your loved one under your arm.\r\n\r\nA very simple and sweet movie, merely one line story that expanded just over a 80 minute long. A fine piece of product for the tearjerker. Everybody was cool in their respective role and so the locations. Loveable movie through your whole heart, and that's exactly what I did, probably you would do the same if you're not those who always try to find flaws and bash it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [23495, 35556, 13075, 16022]}