{"tmdb_id": 111736, "title": "War Paint", "original_title": "War Paint", "slug_title": "war-paint", "date": "1953-08-28", "genre": "Western / Aventure / Guerre", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gDDbOf190VRo904JnGWZvZaEnNj.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Stack (Lt. Billings)", "Joan Taylor (Wanima)", "Charles McGraw (Sgt. Clarke)", "Keith Larsen (Taslik)", "Peter Graves (Trooper Tolson)", "Robert J. Wilke (Trooper Grady)", "John Doucette (Trooper Charnofsky)", "Walter Reed (Trooper Allison)", "Douglas Kennedy (Trooper Clancy)", "Charles Nolte (Cpl. Hamilton)", "James Parnell (Trooper Martin)", "William Pullen (Jeb)", "Richard H. Cutting (Commissioner Kirby (as Richard Cutting))", "Anthony Jochim (Trading Post Proprietor (uncredited))", "Paul Richards (Trooper Perkins)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Stop bleeding all over me and get going.\r\n\r\nWar Paint is directed by Lesley Selander and adapted to screenplay by Richard Alan Simmons and Martin Berkeley. It stars Robert Stack, Charles McGraw, Joan Taylor, Peter Graves, Keith Larsen, Robert Wilke and Walter Reed. Music is by Arthur Lange and Emil Newman, and cinematography by Gordon Avil.\r\n\r\nA cavalry patrol trying to deliver a peace treaty to Gray Cloud are being destroyed from within by an Indian brother and sister.\r\n\r\nPaper of lies!\r\n\r\nFilmed out of the superb presence of Death Valley, War Paint is as solid as one of that location's rocks. The title hints at some cheapo \"B\" Oater, the kind that is all hooray and jingoistic as the cavalry mow down the Indians, but that is not the case. Though an air of familiarity exists, with the core of the story about an army unit literally dying out in the desert, with saboteurs operating within, there's a two sides of the coin pinch in the narrative, with dialogue nicely written with thought and sincerity. Opening with a scalping, drama and suspense is never far away, so as the group implode, with suspicions, thirst and gold fever taking a hold, the viewer is always intrigued as to who will survive and will the treaty ever reach its destination? Plus you may find yourself feeling very thirsty during the viewing...\r\n\r\nVery nicely performed and handled with underrated tidy hands by Selander, this is well worth a look by Western fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [233795, 126550, 131473, 103164]}