{"tmdb_id": 111934, "title": "Concrete", "original_title": "Konkurito", "slug_title": "concrete", "date": "2004-02-11", "genre": [""], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "A high-school girl is kidnapped by gang lords and held captive for several months. Over this time, she repeatedly beaten, raped, and tortured.  On the 25th of November 1988, four youths abducted and held Furuta Junko in the house of one of the captors. Subjected to rape, torture, and humiliation, Junko had no hope of escape as the manhunt was stalled by the captors forcing her to tell her parents that she was ok. For 41 harrowing days, Junko had to endure unimaginable suffering at the hands of these four individuals. Finally, after losing in a game of mahjong solitaire, they beat her with an iron dumbbell and set on fire with lighter fluid. She died later that day from shock. In an attempt to hide their crime they buried her in cement and thus the name 'Concrete Encased High School Murder Case' was born as Japan had to confront the horrors of this crime. The perpetrators disposed the drum in a tract of reclaimed land in Koto, Tokyo.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mtB5YfAaN9tXJOxz74tqIZ9Z3lh.jpg", "actors": ["Miki Komori (Misaki / Female high-school student)", "Katsuya Kobayashi ()", "Masanori Machida ()", "Kensuke Mano ()", "Mika Mifune ()", "Daiz\u00f4 Miyata ()", "Y\u00f4ichir\u00f4 Momose ()", "Toshiya Nagasawa ()", "Akihiro Nakatani ()", "Kazutomo Nakatsukasa ()", "Naomi Oki ()", "Yuu Sait\u00f4 ()", "Sousuke Takaoka (Tatsuo Oosugi)", "Sachiko Takayanagi ()", "Y\u00f4hei Toyoda ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}