{"tmdb_id": 11216, "title": "Cin\u00e9ma Paradiso", "original_title": "Nuovo Cinema Paradiso", "slug_title": "cinema-paradiso", "date": "1988-11-17", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "8.4/10", "synopsis": "Alfredo vient de mourir. Pour Salvatore, cin\u00e9aste en vogue, c'est tout un pan de son pass\u00e9 qui s'\u00e9croule. On l\u2019appelait Toto a l'\u00e9poque. Il partageait son temps libre entre l'office ou il \u00e9tait enfant de ch\u0153ur et la salle de cin\u00e9ma paroissiale, en particulier la cabine de projection o\u00f9 r\u00e9gnait Alfredo.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hYzCLju3W74nLhhRXfPkwDi1Tun.jpg", "actors": ["Philippe Noiret (Alfredo)", "Jacques Perrin (Salvatore adulto)", "Marco Leonardi (Salvatore adolescente)", "Salvatore Cascio (Salvatore bambino)", "Agnese Nano (Elena Mendola /figlia di Elena)", "Antonella Attili (Maria Di Vita giovane)", "Enzo Cannavale (Spaccafico)", "Isa Danieli (Anna)", "Leo Gullotta (Ignazio)", "Pupella Maggio (Maria anziana)", "Leopoldo Trieste (Father Adelfio)", "Tano Cimarosa (Fabbro)", "Nicola Di Pinto (Idiota del villaggio)", "Roberta Lena (Lia)", "Nino Terzo (il padre di Peppino)", "Brigitte Fossey (Elena adulta)", "Mariella Lo Giudice ()", "Beatrice Palme ()", "Franco Catalano ()", "Giuseppe Tornatore (proiezionista)", "Giorgio Libassi ()", "Mimmo Mignemi ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Nice comedy-drama about the youth at the small town of an Italian kid."}, {"pseudo": "Shreyance Parakh", "content": "**Soulful**\r\n\r\nWhy did it had to end... The movie was like a breath of fresh air.Every thing about it was so refreshing and soulful that you can never get bored of it.It's one of those movies that you can watch again and again and again...The music, the story, the acting, the direction, the editing, all of it makes this an absolutely beautiful gem of a movie. One of the best movies that i ever saw and will ever see not because it was any different from other movies or better written, directed or acted, but because it's MAGIC, it stays with you.The soul of the movie stays with you beyond the credits.It stays with you forever. I just can't stop smiling remembering the scenes, the smiles on the characters faces, the music... Everybody who wants to FEEL happiness must watch this movie.In one word it's just SOULFUL !!"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb86370050", "content": "When you think about cinematography, nowadays you usually think about digital cinematography. But during the early '50s, '60s, and onward, there was a use of this thing called film. Film was what they used in cameras before cameras actually saved them into memory slots digitally. Projectionists actually had to crank the film projectors early on, before the automatic film projectors started coming in, otherwise the film would catch on fire. This movie is about friendship between a projectionist in a film watcher/altar boy, and the film watcher/altar boy was young, maybe 4th grade age. This movie is great! I haven't seen foreign films, in fact, this is the first foreign film I've ever seen. But I'm glad this is the first one to be a foreign film that is a first for me. Want to know why? Because this movie is phenomenal! The little soundtrack that there is has been greatly by whoever composed it. Jacquees Perrin is a good adult version of Toto. The only bad thing I have to say about this is the lack of character development in terms of Elena's character development. I mean, she is a love interest for until Salvatore gets back to the town after his stint in the military, and then she is never heard from again. This movie is a classic, and it is also the definition of a classic. Anyone who watches movies, or plans to see a movie should watch this movie. This is  a must see film for any era, and any generation of film viewers."}], "recommandations_id": [5156, 311, 599, 901], "youtube_key": "C2-GX0Tltgw"}