{"tmdb_id": 112142, "title": "Pope Dreams", "original_title": "Pope Dreams", "slug_title": "pope-dreams", "date": "2006-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the vein of Good Will Hunting and Garden State, POPE DREAMS is a coming of age tale about a young man at a crossroads in life. Filled with heart, music, life, and loss. And a set of drums. Oh, and the Pope. POPE DREAMS is about a directionless nineteen-year old boy, Andy Venable, who works for his hard-case dad in a store warehouse during the day and plays drums in a loud heavy-metal band at night. His only clear goal at the moment is to get his sick mother, a devout Catholic, to meet the Pope before she dies. While he's busy with that, he falls for a girl who's totally out of his league and gets discovered by two Broadway producers for a musical talent that just might be his true calling. Andy's a dreamer. But dreaming is easy. It's reality that's hard.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6w7gyIIeNtCvgh52zitGZAgj2d9.jpg", "actors": ["Phillip Vaden (Andy Venable)", "Marnette Patterson (Brady Rossman)", "Julie Hagerty (Kristina Venable)", "Stephen Tobolowsky (Carl Venable)", "Noel Fisher (Pete)", "Samantha Anderson (Heather)", "Casey Barclay (Eric)", "Jordan Belfi (Lucas Bowman)", "Naleah Dey (Juanita Steinberg)", "Michael Edwin (Case Officer)", "Chris Foreman (Zane)", "Sarah Foret (Hannah)", "Rif Hutton (Riff Malloy (as Riff Hutton))", "Barbara Lettieri (Italian Phone Operator (voice))", "Steve Loh (Paramedic)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "CR6rj8IDnUU"}