{"tmdb_id": 112220, "title": "Les Ranchers du Wyoming", "original_title": "Cattle King", "slug_title": "les-ranchers-du-wyoming", "date": "1963-07-31", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "En 1883, les \u00e9leveurs de b\u00e9tail d\u00e9sirent passer par les propri\u00e9t\u00e9s ferm\u00e9es de barbel\u00e9s et le droit de faire pa\u00eetre leurs b\u00eates, mais les ranchers s'y refusent. Sam Brassfield, rancher et chef de l'opposition, devient la cible de l'association des \u00e9leveurs de Cheyenne. Clay Mathews tente alors de faire voter une loi...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c5QesGplxclGbFqQi992Guds6T7.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Sam Brassfield)", "Robert Loggia (Johnny Quatro (Teton Ranch Hand))", "Joan Caulfield (Sharleen Travers)", "Robert Middleton (Clay Mathews)", "Larry Gates (President Chester A. Arthur)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Abe Clevenger (Homesteader))", "William Windom (Harry Travers - Sharleen's Brother)", "Virginia Christine (Mrs. Ruth Winters (Brassfield's Housekeeper))", "Richard Devon (Vince Bodine (Mathews' Hired Gunman))", "Ray Teal (Edwin 'Ed' Winters (Teton Ranch Foreman))", "Robert Ivers (Webb Carter (Brassfield's Nephew) (as Bob Ivers))", "Maggie Pierce (June Carter (Webb's Sister))", "Woodrow Parfrey (Stafford (President Arthur's Secretary))", "Richard Tretter (Hobie Renton (Teton Ranch Hand))", "John Mitchum (Tex)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It's a fence off and Prez Chet has to get involved!\r\n\r\nGuns of Wyoming (AKA: Cattle King) is directed by Tay Garnett and written by Thomas Thompson. It stars Robert Taylor, Robert Loggia, Joan Caulfield, Robert Middleton, Larry Gates and William Windom. Music is by Paul Sawtell and cinematography by William Snyder.\r\n\r\nA range war looms large in Wyoming...\r\n\r\nFronted by the ever reliable Western presence that was Bobby Taylor, this pic follows a familiar and slight formula. Which ultimately is fine for those who love the prolific line of Westerns produced in the 50s and 60s.\r\n\r\nThematically it's strong, where we find Taylor's hard working and honest cattleman desperately trying to protect his land from the free grazing movement - something which brings into play nefarious characters. Sam Brassfield (Taylor) fences off his land and Clay Matthews (Middleton) - with henchmen in tow - cuts them down, simultaneously putting the word out that it's Brassfield who's doing the snipping! Naturally there's romance in the air, which causes friction from more than one quarter, and into the mix comes a visit to this part of Wyoming by President Chester A. Arthur. Who, as it happens, is a key player in spite of his limited screen time (Gates regally excellent).\r\n\r\nThere's a dark edge bubbling away in this one, which is capitalised upon with a genuinely shocking turn of events. If only the finale could have given us a barnstormer of the kind the story kind of demands. Elsewhere there's no problems in the cast, all perform goody/villain/pretty gal characters with measured form, the location photography in Kernville, California is most appealing, whilst the screenplay is without fuss and pointless filler. True enough to say it's hardly essential viewing for Western fans, and action junkies will be left hankering, but Taylor fans are appeased and it remains watchable from first frame to last. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}