{"tmdb_id": 11249, "title": "Le Fils de Chucky", "original_title": "Seed of Chucky", "slug_title": "le-fils-de-chucky", "date": "2004-11-11", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Glen, le fils de Chucky, apprend qu'un film sur les effroyables exploits de ses parents d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9s est en train de se tourner, il d\u00e9cide de se rendre \u00e0 Hollywood.Ayant r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 ramener ses parents \u00e0 la vie, Glen s'aper\u00e7oit vite que sa nouvelle famille est loin d'\u00eatre aussi chaleureuse qu'il l'avait r\u00eav\u00e9e... A la grande horreur du gentil Glen, ses parents se lancent dans une nouvelle s\u00e9rie d'exploits macabres. Chucky, lui, ne parvient pas \u00e0 se faire \u00e0 l'id\u00e9e que son fils ne partage pas son go\u00fbt du meurtre ; quant \u00e0 Tiffany, elle ne r\u00eave que de croiser le chemin de la star du film, Jennifer Tilly. Chaque rencontre apporte son lot de surprises...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vOykTC4dMzEHt2fyOxVRWFnl2pl.jpg", "actors": ["Brad Dourif (Chucky)", "Jennifer Tilly (Tiffany)", "Billy Boyd (Glen)", "Redman (sich)", "Hannah Spearritt (Joan)", "John Waters (Pete Peters)", "Steve West (Stan)", "Rebecca Santos (Fulvia)", "Keith-Lee Castle (Psychs)", "Jason Flemyng (Santa)", "Nicholas Rowe (Lawyer)", "Stephanie Chambers (Claudia's Mum)", "Simon James Morgan (Claudia's Dad)", "Bethany Simons-Danville (Claudia)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A couple of the _Child's Play_ movies delve into the comedy genre, but _Seed of Chucky_ is the only one that leans into it fully. It's not a funny horror film, it's a comedy with some blood in it. Where the past two movies dip their toe into comedy, _Seed of Chucky_ **is** a comedy, and that complete dedication to a genre pays off. It's not great, but it works.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Chucky has gone to seed!\r\n\r\nIt would be pure folly to have expected Seed of Chucky to be a brilliant entry in the Chucky franchise, the big-wigs pulling the financial strings behind the scenes clearly had no idea what had made the series popular in horror circles in the first place.\r\n\r\nBride of Chucky (part 4 for anyone counting) was bold and it worked, it managed to be that rare old thing of a horror film able to marry up horror and comedy for good entertainment purpose. Unfortunately everything about Seed of Chucky is lazy and weak. There is no story of substance here, it is neither funny or scary, the parody and self awareness the makers go for runs out of steam after 15 minutes! When the writers are reduced to a masturbation sequence to get their meta kicks then you know there's problems. 3/10, and that is purely for Jennifer Tilly and her delightful way of not taking herself seriously."}], "recommandations_id": [11932, 11187, 11186, 167032], "youtube_key": "Y_dIwvXRU4E"}