{"tmdb_id": 112710, "title": "Mission p\u00e9rilleuse", "original_title": "Dangerous Mission", "slug_title": "mission-perilleuse", "date": "1954-03-06", "genre": ["Action / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 t\u00e9moin de l'assassinat d'un ca\u00efd du milieu, Louise Graham (Piper Laurie) quitte New York pour le Montana o\u00f9 elle trouve un emploi de vendeuse dans un magasin pr\u00e8s du Parc National. Deux hommes, Matt Hallett, un ex-marine et Paul Adams, un photographe amateur, s'int\u00e9ressent \u00e0 elle. Mais en r\u00e9alit\u00e9, l'un est un policier envoy\u00e9 par le bureau du procureur, pour assurer sa protection, et le second un tueur engag\u00e9 pour la tuer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3zWLiIfP2rd0K2L5331cbmurtfD.jpg", "actors": ["Victor Mature (Matt Hallett)", "Piper Laurie (Louise Graham)", "William Bendix (Chief Ranger Joe Parker)", "Vincent Price (Paul Adams)", "Betta St. John (Mary Tiller)", "Harry Cheshire (Mr. Elster)", "Steve Darrell (Katoonai Tiller)", "Walter Reed (Ranger Dobson)", "Marlo Dwyer (Mrs. Elster)", "Dennis Weaver (Ranger clerk)", "Bess Flowers (Guest at Lodge Party)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Avalanche of Action!\r\n\r\nDangerous Mission is directed by Louis King and written by Charles Bennett, W.R. Burnett, James Edmiston and Horace McCoy. It stars Victor Mature, Piper Laurie, Vincent Price, William Bendix, Betta St. John and Dennis Weaver. Music is by Roy Webb and cinematography by William E. Snyder.\r\n\r\nProduced  by Irwin Allen and filmed in Technicolor 3-D, Dangerous Mission is an absolute riot of a film. A campy classic awash with laughs and corner cutting techniques. Plot for what it\u2019s worth finds Louise Graham (Laurie) hiding out at the Glacier National Park after witnessing a gangland murder. Two men turn up and show great interest in her movements, Matt Hallett (Mature) and Paul Adams (Price), both of whom have different motives in mind.\r\n\r\nA super cast, super scenery, even some super action scenarios that point where Irwin Allen was heading in the annals of cinema, yet it\u2019s also a pretty laborious story acted out by film stars in zombie mode. King, Allen and the ream of writers (did they all get to put one plot point in each?) insert an action scene wherever possible, but it all feels like cheap gimmicks over story telling worth. In fact some scenes have absolutely no worth to the story what so ever!\r\n\r\nTechnically it\u2019s suspect as well, the editing is awful, as is the back projection work, so to the fake sets and the sight of dummies being flung about the place. On the plus side there\u2019s bullet brassieres and square shoulder padded suits, while Mature \u2013 when he breaks off from his pissing contest with Price \u2013  gets to dally in heroic machismo by fighting the might of electricity. Wonderful! It\u2019s a fun movie for all the wrong reasons, but still fun none the less. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}