{"tmdb_id": 11293, "title": "La Barbe \u00e0 papa", "original_title": "Paper Moon", "slug_title": "la-barbe-a-papa", "date": "1973-05-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Kansas, dans les ann\u00e9es 30, Moses Pray, escroc \u00e0 la petite semaine, assiste \u00e0 l\u2019enterrement d\u2019une ex-ma\u00eetresse et accepte d\u2019emmener sa pr\u00e9tendue fille de 9 ans, Addie, chez une tante. Pendant leur trajet, leurs rapports sont tendus. L\u2019orpheline est persuad\u00e9e que celui-ci est son p\u00e8re, en raison de la ressemblance de leur menton mais Moses refuse d\u2019endosser ce r\u00f4le. \u00c9tonnamment m\u00fbre pour son \u00e2ge, la petite Addie s\u2019av\u00e8re \u00eatre une co\u00e9quipi\u00e8re tr\u00e8s efficace : c\u2019est le d\u00e9but de leur \u00e9pop\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xq7F3iUFJY1L4UFIHoO2Y3fmnE6.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan O'Neal (Moses Pray)", "Tatum O'Neal (Addie Loggins)", "Madeline Kahn (Trixie Delight)", "John Hillerman (Deputy Hardin / Jess Hardin)", "P.J. Johnson (Imogene)", "Jessie Lee Fulton (Miss Ollie)", "James N. Harrell (The Minister)", "Noble Willingham (Mr. Robertson)", "Randy Quaid (Leroy)", "Desmond Dhooge (Cotton Candy Man)", "Burton Gilliam (Floyd (Desk Clerk))", "Hugh Gillin (2nd Deputy)", "Art Ellison (Silver Mine Gentleman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Utterly delightful.\r\n\r\nFather and daughter Ryan and Tatum O'Neal, under Peter Bogdanovich's superlative direction, produce one of the most affectingly warm and cunningly sly movies of the 1970s. Set in depression era America and beautifully photographed in pristine monochrome by Laszlo Kovacs, it's a period piece that refuses to get old, such is the deft imagery and sharpness of the screenplay.\r\n\r\nStory essentially comes down to conman Moses Pray (R. O'Neal) hooking up with orphan Addie Loggins (T. O'Neal), who may or may not be his actual daughter. Addie proves to be a precocious live wire, not easily fooled and she smokes, cusses and is more than capable of pulling a con herself. After initial indignation, Moses comes to court Addie's strengths and they form a dynamic partnership as they travel through Kansas, pulling cons left right and centre and piling the money up. But can it last forever?\r\n\r\nThe chemistry between father and daughter is obviously set in stone, with young Tatum an absolute revelation. The screenplay gives them both ample opportunities to enchant and amuse the viewer as they get up to all sorts of tricks and scrapes. Yet there's always that feeling hanging in the dusty air that something has to give, that we are treading firmly in bittersweet territory, the crafty couple having earned our complete investment in their well being keeping us concerned even as we laugh out loud.\r\n\r\nDelightful. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25188, 11898, 15794, 982], "youtube_key": "ORTv3jORX-I"}