{"tmdb_id": 11324, "title": "Shutter Island", "original_title": "Shutter Island", "slug_title": "shutter-island", "date": "2010-02-14", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "En 1954, le marshal Teddy Daniels et son co\u00e9quipier Chuck Aule sont envoy\u00e9s enqu\u00eater sur l'\u00eele de Shutter Island, dans un h\u00f4pital psychiatrique o\u00f9 sont intern\u00e9s de dangereux criminels. L'une des patientes, Rachel Solando, a inexplicablement disparu. Comment la meurtri\u00e8re a-t-elle pu sortir d'une cellule ferm\u00e9e de l'ext\u00e9rieur ? Le seul indice retrouv\u00e9 dans la pi\u00e8ce est une feuille de papier sur laquelle on peut lire une suite de chiffres et de lettres sans signification apparente. \u0152uvre coh\u00e9rente d'une malade, ou cryptogramme ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aZqKsvpJDFy2UzUMsdskNFbfkOd.jpg", "actors": ["Leonardo DiCaprio (Teddy Daniels)", "Mark Ruffalo (Chuck Aule)", "Ben Kingsley (Dr. John Cawley)", "Emily Mortimer (Rachel Solando)", "Michelle Williams (Dolores Chanal)", "Max von Sydow (Dr. Jeremiah Naehring)", "Jackie Earle Haley (George Noyce)", "Patricia Clarkson (Rachel 2)", "Ted Levine (Warden)", "John Carroll Lynch (Deputy Warden McPherson)", "Elias Koteas (Laeddis)", "Robin Bartlett (Bridget Kearns)", "Christopher Denham (Christian)", "Spencer Treat Clark (Timothy)", "Joseph Sikora (Glen Miga)", "Curtiss Cook (Trey Washington)", "Gary Galone (Gate Guard)", "John Franchi (Criminally Insane Inmate (uncredited))", "Nellie Sciutto (Nurse Marino)", "Raymond Anthony Thomas (Orderly Ganton)", "Joseph McKenna (Inmate Billings)", "Ruby Jerins (Little Girl)", "Tom Kemp (Ward C Guard)", "Bates Wilder (Ward C Guard)", "Drew Beasley (Younger Boy)", "Dan Marshall (U.S. G.I. at Dachau Liberation / German S.S. Officer Killed (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "musafirsafwan", "content": "Nice movie"}, {"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "This was a random thing. We didn't even know the schedule and I was just wearing a random shirt and shorts. I just wanted to drink mango shake but then we randomly decided to go to eastwood and check the schedule. We were supposed to watch Diary of a Wimpy Kid but since Shutter Island's showing, then Shutter Island it is. But then wearing my \"pambahay\" outfit didn't really help since I saw 2 people from AC. grrrrrr. When I dress up, I don't see anyone I know but when I'm not properly dressed and I look like a mess, suddenly all these people come up to me and say hi. Note to self: always dress up.\r\n\r\nI liked it. Watching Leonardo is not bad at all. I liked the twist of the story. Although you'll have some hints here and there, you'll think \"oh I'll wait and see what it really is\". And then the twist happens and you'll be like \"I knew that all along\". But that doesn't stop me from liking this movie. I'm so jealous of the girl playing his daughter. I mean first kiss...Leonardo Di Caprio???? Wow. I would take her place anytime. Michelle Williams...I'm not really a big fan of her. And after seeing this and being jealous also of her because of how she sat on the lap of Leo, I can say I don't like her at all. lol. Leonardo is awesome as always. It's amazing how good of an actor he is and he still hasn't won any Oscars. His time will come. I know he will win. And that flashback scene, he looked really good. Yum Yum Yum!\r\n\r\n\r\nI rate this movie as A. Love the story. Love the actor."}], "recommandations_id": [1422, 1124, 807, 77], "youtube_key": "qdPw9x9h5CY"}