{"tmdb_id": 113220, "title": "L'Aventure est \u00e0 l'Ouest", "original_title": "The Great Sioux Uprising", "slug_title": "l-aventure-est-a-l-ouest", "date": "1953-07-17", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la Guerre Civile, un groupe de Sudistes menace la paix fragile qui r\u00e8gne entre l'Union et les Sioux du Wyoming.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8WI7E5sVbX5oXAz6zbYULBTt2bz.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Chandler (Jonathan Westgate)", "Faith Domergue (Joan Britton)", "Lyle Bettger (Stephen Cook)", "Peter Whitney (Ahab Jones)", "Stacy Harris (Uriah)", "Walter Sande (Joe Baird)", "Stephen Chase (Maj. McKay)", "John War Eagle (Red Cloud)", "Glenn Strange (Stand Watie)", "Charles Arnt (Gist)", "Julia Montoya (Heyoka)", "Ray Bennett (Sgt. Manners)", "Dewey Drapeau (Teo-Ka-Ha)", "Boyd 'Red' Morgan (Ray (as Boyd Red Morgan))", "Lane Bradford (Lee)", "Jack Ingram (Lee)", "Clem Fuller (Jake)", "Jack Ingram (Sam)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sioux Convention.\r\n\r\nDirected by Lloyd Bacon and collectively written by Melvin Levy, J. Robert Bren and Gladys Atwater. Starring Jeff Chandler, Faith Domergue, Lyle Bettger, Peter Whitney and Stacy Harris. \r\n\r\nThe grand title sadly doesn't match what is actually put on screen, since Bacon's film is more a thinker than a thugger. Plot has Chandler as an ex-Union surgeon who takes up with ranchers and Indians in fighting the good cause against Bettger's horse baron and nefarious rebel rousers. \r\n\r\nUndeniably the intentions and thought as per the screenplay are honourable, the anti-racist currents coupled with thematics involving the false deals laid at the Native American's doors, these are interestingly played and keep the pic from sinking below an average level. Action is in short supply, but there are moments of muscular brawn and bravado, while the Oregon locations and Technicolor photography (Maury Gertsman) provide pleasing surroundings.\r\n\r\nChandler and Bettger get roles for which they were known and suited, but Domergue - radiant in that \"just made love\" look she had - just ends up as more token interest than the feisty intelligent business woman that the story threatens to unleash. Whitney and Harris deliver good foil as stoic friend and unscrupulous fiend respectively. While John War Eagle and Glenn Strange offer up a firm backbone in the secondary support slots.\r\n\r\nThe story and ideas have been done far better in far more well known Westerns, thus rendering this as hardly essential. But some merit exists and for Chandler and Bettger fans it's a decent time waster. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37309], "youtube_key": "notfound"}