{"tmdb_id": 11351, "title": "Jeepers Creepers 2", "original_title": "Jeepers Creepers 2", "slug_title": "jeepers-creepers-2", "date": "2003-08-08", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Tous les 23 ans, une cr\u00e9ature mal\u00e9fique surgie des profondeurs de la Terre prend son envol et, durant 23 jours, s\u00e8me la terreur et la mort. Son nom : le Creeper. Au 22\u00e8me jour de ce cycle infernal, le fermier Jack Taggart voit son jeune fils Billy se faire enlever et d\u00e9vorer par le monstre.A quelques kilom\u00e8tres de l\u00e0, un car scolaire transportant une \u00e9quipe de basket, ses entra\u00eeneurs et ses pom-pom girls, tombe myst\u00e9rieusement en panne en rase campagne. La nuit approche. Le Creeper all\u00e9ch\u00e9 fond sur ses jeunes proies. Commence alors un combat d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 pour la survie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/esouezQw1awxWWu91gpllbPSpbw.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Wise (Jack Taggart, Sr.)", "Jonathan Breck (The Creeper)", "Nicki Aycox (Minxie Hayes)", "Garikayi Mutambirwa (Deaundre 'Double D' Davis)", "Eric Nenninger (Scott 'Scotty' Braddock)", "Josh Hammond (Jake Spencer)", "Marieh Delfino (Rhonda Truitt)", "Thom Gossom Jr. (Coach Charlie Hanna)", "Billy Aaron Brown (Andy 'Bucky' Buck)", "Al Santos (Dante Belasco)", "Kasan Butcher (Kimball 'Big K' Ward)", "Tom Tarantini (Coach Dwayne Barnes)", "Luke Edwards (Jack Taggart, Jr.)", "Shaun Fleming (Billy Taggart)", "Justin Long (Darry Jenner)", "Diane Delano (Bus Driver Betty Borman)", "Travis Schiffner (Izzy Bohen)", "Lena Cardwell (Chelsea Farmer)", "Drew Tyler Bell (Jonny Young)", "Bob Papenbrook (Man in Station Wagon)", "Jon Powell (Older Jack Jr.)", "Marshall Cook (Boy)", "Joe Reegan (Boy)", "Stephanie Denise Griffin (Girl)", "Nick George (Team member)", "Gil McKinney (Team member)", "David Zepeda (Team member)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "VolcanoAl", "content": "I loved the way this & the original were both the same \" feeding\".The end was great as the old man waited with his harpoon/pole puncher in his rocking chair.Waiting for his next awakening.\r\n The car scene & his smile made him a great like Jason or Freddie.The new one is a great idea.23 yr.s for 23 days he feasts.It's about time!!!"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We are trapped in a broken down school bus out on East 9. And something is going to kill us if we don't get help out here right away!\r\n\r\nPlot finds the demon known as The Creeper (Jonathan Breck), still having a little time left for feeding and harvesting human parts before his 23 year hibernation. A buffet bar of high school kids on a bus returning from a basketball match are now in his sights. But an avenging father played by Ray Wise is willing to take the fight to the monster. \r\n\r\nIt's a simple as it sounds, really. Creeper picks off various members of the bus, which is the usual array of annoyingly obnoxious teenagers. The tension comes from wondering who is next in line, all while the fractured group (racial/sexuality tensions) try to come up with some sort of plan to survive until help arrives. Logically it's a laughable nightmare and goofs aplenty are within, but there's a neat gory \"B\" movie vibe about it driving it forward. Plus there's more of Creeper in flying mode and a bad ass Ray Wise to root for.\r\n\r\nAfter the success of the first Jeepers Creepers film it was inevitable that a sequel would follow. With a little sadness we find that this sequel fails to capture the strengths that made the first film a refreshing horror joltathon. But regardless it still has some merits for a fun horror time waster. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A most prime example of how to refute the \u201cbigger is better\u201d adage. Not because it\u2019s smaller and better, but because it\u2019s bigger and shithouse.\r\n\r\n_Final rating: \u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [8922, 11470, 9902, 6466]}