{"tmdb_id": 113523, "title": "Doomsday Machine", "original_title": "Doomsday Machine", "slug_title": "doomsday-machine", "date": "1972-01-01", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.6/10", "synopsis": "Spies discover that the Red Chinese have built a \"doomsday machine\" capable of destroying the surface of the Earth, and that they plan to use it within a matter of days. Meanwhile, Project Astra, a manned U.S. space mission to Venus, is in its final hours before launch when it is taken over by the military and nearly half of its all-male crew is replaced by women. The reason for this becomes apparent when, shortly after Astra leaves orbit, the Earth is completely destroyed in a global cataclysm! Is the human race doomed? What dangers and wonders await the crew of the Astra on their journey to Venus?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qW90BL76PjM1r48BfJihWB9vu1W.jpg", "actors": ["Bobby Van (Danny)", "Ruta Lee (Dr. Marion Turner)", "Mala Powers (Maj. Georgianna Bronski)", "James Craig (Dr. Haines)", "Grant Williams (Maj. Kurt Mason)", "Henry Wilcoxon (Dr. Christopher Perry)", "Essie Lin Chia (Girl Spy)", "Casey Kasem (Mission Control Officer)", "Michael Christian ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I can see the light at the end of the proverbial tunnel, as I'm nearing the end of my infamous Mill Creek 50-film 'Nightmare Worlds' pack. This was a really strange viewing experience, and honestly made me wonder if my red wine had been spiked with some hallucinogen by some ne'er-do-well prankster. It had some intriguing ideas, a big one being that the USA and USSR are afraid that China is going to destroy the world, so at the last minute, just before a scheduled space flight to investigate Venus, NASA administrators replace three of the astronauts with female counterparts, and include a mysterious large suitcase.\r\n\r\nThough it says 1972, you can distinctly feel that it was made years earlier, before the game-changers of '2001: A Space Odyssey' and the manned space flight to the moon completely changed the way sci-fi films were made (unless you're the sad saps behind monstrosities such as 'Star Odyssey', that go on as if any relationship with the way things are in real life is an entirely accidental and unintended coincidence). Most of it was made in 1966, but funding ran out, and it shows. The filmmakers couldn't even afford the intended climax, and that shows--the film simply ends. But for all of that, this bizarre experiment of a forced Adam and Eve scenario in outer space, as a future for Earth, is decent--and it would be two generations later, when in Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar', that this idea would be fully realized with human decency and artistic integrity."}], "recommandations_id": [278758, 31118, 74839, 141600], "youtube_key": "notfound"}