{"tmdb_id": 113521, "title": "Counterblast", "original_title": "Counterblast", "slug_title": "counterblast", "date": "1948-01-01", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Action"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "An escaped World War 2 Nazi doctor, impersonates a murdered English doctor so he can work on a vaccination to protect the Germans in their planned germ warfare.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AnGPMlkfGd4WMAwT8ilx76af1cr.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Beatty (Dr. Paul Rankin)", "Mervyn Johns (Dr. Bruckner the Beast of Ravensbruck)", "Margaretta Scott (Sister 'Johnnie' Johnson)", "Nova Pilbeam (Tracy Heart)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I have to admit that one of my greatest cinematic guilty pleasures is the horror of the Nazi film (unfortunately, certain political trends recently in my neighbour to the south, the United States, make me unfortunately feel that similar ways of thinking have yet to be eradicated). Thankfully, being born as I was in the late 60's, I didn't have to experience such terror firsthand, but it's fascinating to see, through the wonders of cinema, examples of that fascist type of thinking, carried out to its fruition (some of my favourites in this area are quite controversial films, like 'Salo, or the 120 Days of Sodom', 'The Night Porter' and 'Dr. Strangelove'). At least in my estimation, I have no idea how I would have acted in either polarity of the situation: either being a German and told to act accordingly, or being a concentration camp inmate. I am simply thankful I didn't have to experience either horrific scenario.\r\n\r\nThis film was an unexpected pleasure. Though no star power is behind it, or budget to speak of, and though there is suspense and a good script, it could have been a lot better handled, both in terms of direction and cinematography (it has 'British 40's B-picture' written all over it, while it's crying out for a capable helmer such as Sir Carol Reed, Sir Alfred Hitchcock, or The Archers, each of which would have made a minor masterpiece out of it). I am very thankful that it was included in my Mill Creek 'Nightmare Worlds' 50-film pack, or honestly I would have never heard of it. Now my main ambition is to get all of their sets, and see what other cinematic hidden treasures I can discover!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}