{"tmdb_id": 11362, "title": "La Vengeance de Monte Cristo", "original_title": "The Count of Monte Cristo", "slug_title": "la-vengeance-de-monte-cristo", "date": "2002-01-23", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Edmond Dantes, jeune marin, est trahi par ses amis et est emprisonn\u00e9 au Chateau d'If. Apr\u00e8s plusieures ann\u00e9es, il s'\u00e9vade et recup\u00e8re un fabuleux tr\u00e9sor qui lui a \u00e9t\u00e9 r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9 par un co-d\u00e9tenu en prison. Il devient alors le myst\u00e9rieux et tr\u00e8s riche Comte de Monte Cristo. Sa vengeance est en marche.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u1tLUDAMjOutrnSCyDhiiyZs50L.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Caviezel (Edmond Dantes)", "Guy Pearce (Fernand Mondego)", "Richard Harris (Abb\u00e9 Faria)", "James Frain (J.F. Villefort)", "Dagmara Domi\u0144czyk (Merced\u00e8s Iguanada)", "Michael Wincott (Armand Dorleac)", "Luis Guzm\u00e1n (Jacopo)", "Christopher Adamson (Maurice)", "J. B. Blanc (Luigi Vampa)", "Henry Cavill (Albert Mondego)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fantastic story given a quite smashing adaptation.  \r\n\r\nEvery once in a while, when Hollywood is stuck for new swashbuckling ideas, they turn to the writer of The Three Musketeers, The Man In The Iron Mask and The Count Of Monte Cristo-Alexandre Dumas p\u00e8re. Which of course is no bad thing as long as the adaptation is given care and consideration; which hasn't always been the case. So when it was announced that the director of Waterworld; Kevin Reynolds, was to direct the latest version of The Count Of Monte Cristo, many feared the worst. Made for around $35 million, Reynolds film fared OK at the Worldwide box office, taking in around $76 million. But although far from being a flop, it upped and vanished rather quickly and was barely given a mention come the arrival of 2003. Thankfully the film gathered momentum with its rental release and is now firmly established as a much loved genre piece.\r\n\r\nOn the two big hitting movie internet sites, Rotten Tomatoes & IMDb, the film scores 75% and 7.5 respectively, that's about right I would say. Reynolds film doesn't bring anything new to the table as regards the story, but if it isn't broke then why fix it? Staying safe and true to the spirit of the source, Reynolds has simply crafted a rip roaring movie about betrayal, torture, faith, revenge and love. Costumed it up and added the necessary sword play ingredient. All that was needed was for his cast to deliver performances worthy of such period shenanigans. And he got them.\r\n\r\nJames Caviezel plays Edmond Dantes. Two years away from playing Jesus Christ, the role that would make his name known, Caviezel had prior to Cristo looked anything but a leading man. But here he finds a role to get his teeth into and it's a comfortable fit, and crucially he seems to be having a good time with it. No such point to prove for Guy Pearce {Fernand Mondego} tho, for he already had L.A. Confidential & Memento under his belt. Here he gives it the full pompous villain act and struts around like some dandy spoiled brat. A film stealing performance that shows that the guy who played Mike Young in Aussie soaper Neighbours has indeed come a long way. Richard Harris adds a touch of class as Abb\u00e9 Faria, gravel voiced Michael Wincott does a nice line in sadistic bastard as Ch\u00e2teau D'If governor, Armand Dorleac. While Luis Guzm\u00e1n as Jacopo is fun comic relief and Dagmara Dominczyk as Merced\u00e8s Iguanada is both sensual and heartfelt.\r\n\r\nNever over camping the movie, Reynolds keeps it pacey and dots it with smart set pieces and memorable scenes. Backed up by an on form cast and a sure fire source story to work from, The Count Of Monte Cristo turns out to be period winner. See it if you haven't done so already. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2112, 11969, 1911, 2023], "youtube_key": "gzRSVl8UewM"}