{"tmdb_id": 113695, "title": "The Young Guns", "original_title": "The Young Guns", "slug_title": "the-young-guns", "date": "1956-09-12", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "After he's continually harrassed and bullied by his town's citizens, the orphaned teenage son of a notorious gunslinger takes flight and joins a gang of youthful outlaws. Director Albert Band's 1956 western stars Russ Tamblyn, Gloria Talbott, Perry Lopez, Scott Marlowe, Rayford Barnes, Chubby Johnson, Ray Teal, Walter Coy, Dabbs Greer and Myron Healey.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ZlTrBClAmSIPwCmfzJNmf6KmgY.jpg", "actors": ["Russ Tamblyn (Tully Rice)", "Gloria Talbott (Nora Bawdre)", "Perry Lopez (San Antone)", "Scott Marlowe (Knox Cutler)", "Wright King (Jonesy)", "Walter Coy (Sheriff Jim Peyton)", "Chubby Johnson (Rongo Jones / Grandpa)", "Myron Healey (Deputy Nix)", "James Goodwin (Georgie Briggs)", "Rayford Barnes (Kid Cutler)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Felix Briggs (as Stanford Jolley))", "Kip King (Miguel (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Young Guns Suffer Delinquency Baggage. \r\n\r\n\"In 1897, just as today, many public spirited citizens were aroused by the problems of delinquency among the youth of various communities...This story of one such community is based on fact.\" \r\n\r\nIntriguing opening salvo by the makers of The Young Guns, unfortunately the film never quite reaches the dramatic heights it aims for. \r\n\r\nRuss Tamblyn plays a young fella who eventually gets fed up of being tarred with the bad seed family brush. Seeking solace in a community of like minded youngsters, he tries to keep the peace even as he rises to be the top man. \r\n\r\nIt's all very safe and unremarkable really. Some of the youthful cast are guilty of auto-cue acting and Tamblyn is barely convincing. On the plus side there's plenty of angst about the place, hormonal and machismo wise, some punch-ups are handled neatly by director Albert Band, the black and white photography (Ellsworth Fredricks) is textured nicely and the finale - whilst totally expected - is delivered in a none insulting fashion. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}