{"tmdb_id": 113744, "title": "Emergency Landing", "original_title": "Emergency Landing", "slug_title": "emergency-landing", "date": "1941-03-07", "genre": "Action / Drame / Romance / Guerre", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/83qphnJTjjq8L7CLFllXcuC4MOf.jpg", "actors": ["Forrest Tucker (Jerry Barton)", "Carol Hughes (Betty Lambert)", "Evelyn Brent (Maude Lambert)", "Emmett Vogan ('Doc' Williams)", "William Halligan (George B. Lambert)", "George Sherwood (Jones)", "Thornton Edwards (Pedro)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Karl)", "Stanley Price (Otto)", "Billy Curtis (Judge)", "Jack Lescoulie (Capt. North)", "Paul Scott (Col. Lemon)", "Ralph Brooks (Radio Operator on Field)", "Budd Buster ('Pappy' Clayton)", "Jack Gardner (Radio Operator on Plane)", "Joe Hartman (Cowboy Offering Help)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Though I greatly dislike dogs (I'm a cat person), I have always admired their loyalty--definitely an underrated trait in the fickle, Johnny-come-lately environment of 2016 society. This film (which was titled 'Robot Pilot' in my Mill Creek 50-pack called 'Nightmare Worlds') started rather slowly, and I didn't think I was going to end up liking it. Though director Beaudine had made a ton of films (he has over 370 directing credits on IMDb), I had only previously seen his 'The Old Fashioned Way', from 1934 and starring W.C. Fields, which I had absolutely loved. So I was patient with it, even though Thornton Edwards' character 'Pedro' was crassly demeaning to Mexicans, and many early sequences that featured him were glaringly awful. I had also loved Evelyn Brent, who had IMHO been an outstandingly sexy and provocative presence in two of Josef von Sternberg's silent masterpieces ('Underworld' and 'The Last Command'), and it intrigued me to see her this much after those glory days.\r\n\r\nI am glad that I stuck with the film. The last two-thirds more than made up for the picture's slow start, and ended up combining a then-topical plotline of enemy foreign agents stealing an experimental plane with a fun, enjoyable and entertainingly comical subplot 'morality tale' of the airplane manufacturer's spoiled daughter being made a prisoner for stealing gasoline and getting her comeuppance. Beaudine's taut direction cleverly brought together the disparate threads into a satisfying whole--and the hilarious ending made my belly ache from laughter. If you can handle B-pictures from the 30's and 40's and the aforementioned slow start, it's well worth your time and you won't be disappointed."}], "recommandations_id": []}