{"tmdb_id": 11375, "title": "Hollywood Homicide", "original_title": "Hollywood Homicide", "slug_title": "hollywood-homicide", "date": "2003-06-09", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Le v\u00e9t\u00e9ran Joe Gavilan et la jeune recrue K.C. Calden sont deux flics du Los Angeles Police Department. Le premier, aux m\u00e9thodes fort peu conventionnelles, est le p\u00e8re de deux enfants mais a divorc\u00e9 trois fois, tandis que le second enseigne le yoga durant son temps libre.Tous deux vont enqu\u00eater sur une sombre affaire de meurtre dans le milieu de l'industrie du disque.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/10ouLkenwj7xNq5xrJwoRexNJin.jpg", "actors": ["Harrison Ford (Sgt. Joe Gavilan)", "Josh Hartnett (Det. K.C. Calden)", "Lena Olin (Ruby)", "Bruce Greenwood (Lt. Bennie Macko)", "Isaiah Washington (Antoine Sartain)", "Lolita Davidovich (Cleo Ricard)", "Keith David (Leon)", "Master P (Julius Armas)", "Dwight Yoakam (Leroy Wasley)", "Martin Landau (Jerry Duran)", "Lou Diamond Phillips (Wanda)", "Gladys Knight (Olivia Robidoux)", "James MacDonald (Danny Broome)", "Alan Dale (Commander Preston)", "Regina Russell Banali (Sartain Receptionist)", "Meredith Scott Lynn (I.A. Detective Jackson)", "Tom Todoroff (I.A. Detective Zino)", "Kurupt (K-Ro)", "Andr\u00e9 Benjamin (Silk Brown)", "Clyde Kusatsu (Coroner Chung)", "Eric Idle (Celebrity)", "Frank Sinatra Jr. (Marty Wheeler)", "Robert Wagner (Himself)", "Johnny Grant (Himself)", "Smokey Robinson (Cabbie)", "Shawn Woods (Killer 'Z')", "Anthony Mackie (Killer 'Joker')", "Gregg Daniel (Det. Mando Lopez)", "Darrell Foster (Officer King)", "Christopher Wiehl (Cheeseburger Cop)", "Dennis Burkley (Hank the Bartender)", "Blake Gibbons (Repo Guy)", "Ernest Harden Jr. (Mixer)", "Eloy Casados (Det. Eddie Cruz)", "Brianna Brown (Shawna)", "Paul Butcher (Van Family Son)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We've been partners for what, four months, and now you wanna be my shrink?\r\n\r\nUltimately you have to think that those who have wanted to see Hollywood Homicide would have done so by now, certainly fans of the generational divided lead actors (Josh Hartnett and Harrison Ford) would have long since tuned in to see what it's like. It's fair to say that its reputation is most divisive, with some critics proving to be most ferocious in their summations. Personally I find it to be an enjoyable spin on the buddy buddy cop formula, where director Ron Shelton isn't afraid to put emphasis on characters instead of just filling out the pic with high octane bangs and crashes. The wry portrayal of the police system in a bustling Los Angeles is nicely etched into the froth, with the sidebar of coppers having two jobs being a deft poke in the ribs.\r\n\r\nGood fun with well crafted action scenes, but the main strength is in the writing and to see once again that Ford has been very undervalued as a comedy actor of the years. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9754, 479, 11856, 12123], "youtube_key": "pWuXwMQVpGA"}