{"tmdb_id": 113921, "title": "Dallas, ville fronti\u00e8re", "original_title": "Dallas", "slug_title": "dallas-ville-frontiere", "date": "1950-12-30", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Apprenant que les fr\u00e8res Marlow, qui terrorisent Dallas depuis de nombreuses ann\u00e9es d\u00e9j\u00e0, ont massacr\u00e9 sa famille, Blayde Hollister, un ancien colonel de l'arm\u00e9e conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9e, est bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 se venger. Activement recherch\u00e9 par la police gouvernementale pour faits de gu\u00e9rilla, Blayde parvient n\u00e9anmoins \u00e0 se faire passer pour le jeune sh\u00e9rif Martin Wheatherby, qui ne semble pas capable de r\u00e9tablir le calme \u00e0 Dallas. A peine arriv\u00e9 en ville, il se bat en duel avec le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Wild Bill Hickok. Apr\u00e8s \u00eatre parvenu \u00e0 d\u00e9masquer les fr\u00e8res Marlow, il les \u00e9limine sans autre forme de proc\u00e8s. Petit \u00e0 petit, il r\u00e9tablit l'ordre \u00e0 Dallas...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/65s10JZpnI4WSk58EDBLJ5aDBJi.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Cooper (Blayde Hollister)", "Ruth Roman (Tonia Robles)", "Steve Cochran (Bryant Marlow)", "Raymond Massey (Will Marlow)", "Barbara Payton (Flo)", "Leif Erickson (U.S. Marshal Martin Weatherby)", "Antonio Moreno (Don Felipe Robles)", "Jerome Cowan (Matt Coulter)", "Reed Hadley (Wild Bill Hickok)", "Gil Donaldson (Luis Robles)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Reb and the Blue Belly come to town.\r\n\r\nDallas stars Gary Cooper, Ruth Roman, Steve Cochran, Barbara Payton & Raymond Massey. It's directed by Stuart Heisler, photography is from Ernest Haller & pen duties fell to John Twist. Produced out of Warner Brothers, Dallas is vividly filmed in Technicolor out of the Iverson & Warner ranches in California. Very much a film with its tongue firmly in cheek, the film is a throwback to the Westerns of yore that exist without pretensions or deep penetrative meanings.\r\n\r\nThe plot sees Cooper's Civil War renegade, Blayde \"Reb\" Hollister, fake his own death so as to kill off his reputation and to free himself for the pursuit into Dallas of the brothers who massacred his family. In essence a routine plot, Twist's story is perked up along the way by many a fun and exciting diversion. There's role reversals, dandy fashions, horseback pursuits, shoot outs, a love triangle, vigorous dialogue and deft little twists to keep the piece purely from painting it by numbers.\r\n\r\nCooper seems to be enjoying himself too, which further enhances the feel good factor on offer. It's true he isn't really asked to do anything more than be a laconic dude on a mission. But when called on for action duties, he delivers the goods that his fans have come to expect during his successful career. The villains entertain (particularly Steve Cochran's vile and dopey Bryant Marlow) because each have their own little peccadilloes to keep them from over familiar blandness. The two ladies of the piece look gorgeous and hold up well in amongst the machismo, while the high production value allows Haller to really treat the eyes with the lush Technicolor and involving camera work around the locations.\r\n\r\nIt has ideals to being an \"A\" list Oater does Dallas, something it just can't quite attain. But it's not for lack of trying and the end result is one of pure entertainment, that, in truth, should be enjoyed on a cold winters day when the viewer needs a pick me up. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37317, 95219, 64368, 76837]}