{"tmdb_id": 11393, "title": "Le Meilleur", "original_title": "The Natural", "slug_title": "le-meilleur", "date": "1984-05-11", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "En 1918, le r\u00eave de Roy Hobbs est de devenir un grand joueur de Base-Ball. Il y parvient six ans plus tard lorsque sa carri\u00e8re s'interrompt brutalement quand une femme lui tire dessus. Il reprend la comp\u00e9tition de haut niveau quinze ans apr\u00e8s et m\u00e8ne son \u00e9quipe \u00e0 la victoire. Victoire qui, semble-t-il, n'est pas au go\u00fbt de tout le monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a28ZkC1f8cxEnXqCdSkgxW2wsf4.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Redford (Roy Hobbs)", "Glenn Close (Iris Gaines)", "Kim Basinger (Memo Paris)", "Wilford Brimley (Pop Fisher)", "Robert Duvall (Max Mercy)", "Richard Farnsworth (Red Blow)", "Barbara Hershey (Harriet Bird)", "Robert Prosky (The Judge)", "Michael Madsen (Bump Bailey)", "Joe Don Baker (The Whammer)", "Darren McGavin (Gus Sands)", "Mike Starr (Boone)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Wonder of Wonderboy.\r\n\r\nThe Natural is directed by Barry Levinson and adapted to screenplay by Roger Towne & Phil Dusenberry from the novel written by Bernard Malamud. It stars Robert Redford, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, Kim Basinger, Wilford Brimley, Barbara Hershey, Robert Prosky and Richard Farnsworth. Music is by Randy Newman and cinematography by Caleb Deschanel.\r\n\r\nThe Natural is a wistful sports movie, one that asks every person who views it to buy into the whimsy and mythologising on show. If able to do that then it's a film of beguiling beauty, awash with strength of the human spirit and of luscious technical credits. The Arthurian core to Roy Hobbs' (Redford a superb presence yet calmness personified) second chance ensures we always know this is fanciful stuff, but that's just fine, we are in Field of Dreams territory here and fans of such fare are rewarded royally. Period art design, photography and musical score are grade \"A\", snuggling up nicely with a support cast to Redford that is of high end proportions. If it's in you and you know what sort of film to expect, you may well, come the end, be punching the air whilst having a tear in your eye. Lovely film making. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [287, 5693, 13554, 2322]}