{"tmdb_id": 11402, "title": "The Belles of St. Trinian's", "original_title": "The Belles of St. Trinian's", "slug_title": "the-belles-of-st-trinian-s", "date": "1954-09-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A St. Trinian, un pensionnat de jeunes filles britannique o\u00f9 les jeunes \u00e9l\u00e8ves sont plus int\u00e9ress\u00e9es par les courses que par les livres, en m\u00eame temps qu'elles essayent de trouver le meilleur moyen pour devenir riches rapidement. Elles sont encourag\u00e9es par le fr\u00e8re de la directrice, jou\u00e9 par Alastair Sim, lequel incarne \u00e9galement ladite directrice.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/euOEY3tHlitcfHuEZrbpXk6mrOZ.jpg", "actors": ["Alastair Sim (Millicent Fritton / Clarence Fritton)", "George Cole (Flash Harry)", "Joyce Grenfell (P.W. Sgt. Ruby Gates)", "Hermione Baddeley (Miss Drownder)", "Betty Ann Davies (Miss Waters)", "Ren\u00e9e Houston (Miss Brimmer (as Ren\u00e9e Houston))", "Beryl Reid (Miss Wilson)", "Irene Handl (Miss Gale)", "Mary Merrall (Miss Buckland)", "Joan Sims (Miss Dawn)", "Balbina (Mlle de St. Emilion)", "Jane Henderson (Miss Holland)", "Diana Day (Jackie)", "Lloyd Lamble (Superintendent Kemp Bird)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "St. Trinian\u2019s School For Young Ladies.\r\n\r\nThe Belles of St. Trinian\u2019s is directed by Frank Launder and co-written by Launder, Sidney Gilliat and Val Valentine. It stars Alastair Sim, Joyce Grenfell, George Cole, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Ann Davis. Music is by Malcolm Arnold and cinematography by Stanley Pavey.\r\n\r\nInspired by the cartoon drawings of Ronald Searle, The Belles of St. Trinian\u2019s is the first part of a franchise that still thrives even today. With 7 films currently under the Trinian\u2019s banner, the roguish behaviour of the girls and their manner of dress sense passed into pop culture and is still going strong today. Either for sexual titillation (the St Trinian\u2019s look has always been popular at fancy dress parties) or as a tag for unruly girls in British schools, it\u2019s hard to believe that Searle envisaged the ever lasting appeal of his creations. Unfortunately the films are a mixed bunch, with a couple of them just plain bad. This however is not a problem with The Belles, the best of the bunch by some margin.\r\n\r\nThe Barchester Bedlam.\r\n\r\nPic is fronted by Sim in a dual role of brother and sister. The art of drag has been tarnished over the years by some of the more stuffy members of the human race, but in the right hands it often works so well, as evidence by the wonderful Sim here. The plot involves a gambling sting at the big horserace on the horizon, with Flash Harry (Cole) aided and abetted by the terrors of St. Trinian\u2019s. It\u2019s all very chaotic and horsey, both in the equine sense and in horseplay terms. Grenfell is the policewoman who goes under cover as a teacher in the school, where the staff roster is populated by British stars of the future like Beryl Reid, Joan Sims and Irene Handl.\r\n\r\nThe girls, of various stages of their schooling, smoke, toke, drink and take every opportunity to cause mischief. Their reputation precedes them, as the train that carries them inward bound for the new term approaches, the town citizens start to board the place up, even the chickens run off into hibernation! This is the on going joke that works right to the film\u2019s conclusion, sadly it would run out of steam by the time The Great St Trinian\u2019s Train Robbery pulled into the station in 1966. But Belles is great fun, very British of course and very clever. From Sim being dry as the Sahara and Grenfell\u2019s Duracell Bunny performance, to those rascal girls, the school is open for frolics and energised bedlam. Enjoy. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [61643, 21077, 16912, 85639], "youtube_key": "notfound"}