{"tmdb_id": 114155, "title": "Effie Gray", "original_title": "Effie Gray", "slug_title": "effie-gray", "date": "2014-03-08", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie d'une jeune femme qui, \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque victorienne, fut l'une des premi\u00e8res \u00e0 demander le divorce. Mari\u00e9e \u00e0 19 ans au critique d'art John Ruskin, elle fera valoir ses droits afin de vivre pleinement son amour avec le peintre John Everett Millais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xZHbFez2USCBmPsksQHCoKO56QF.jpg", "actors": ["Emma Thompson (Lady Eastlake)", "Dakota Fanning (Euphemia 'Effie' Gray)", "Greg Wise (John Ruskin)", "Tom Sturridge (Everett Millais)", "Robbie Coltrane (Doctor)", "Julie Walters (Margaret Cox Ruskin)", "Derek Jacobi (Travers Twiss)", "Claudia Cardinale (Viscountess)", "David Suchet (Mr. Ruskin)", "James Fox (Sir Charles Eastlake)", "Patrick Doyle (Wedding Minister)", "Russell Tovey (George)", "Linda Bassett (Anna)", "Pip Torrens (Royal Academy / Times Journalist)", "Nicholas Jones (Doctor Lee)", "Joanna Hole (Mrs. McPhail (uncredited))", "Riccardo Scamarcio (Rafael)", "Polly Dartford (Sophie Gray)", "Tom Herriott (William Holman Hunt)", "Sam Churchill (Dante Gabriel Rossetti)", "Martin Keatman (Thomas Woolner)", "Chris Haggart (William Michael Rossetti)", "Alex Best (James Collinson)", "George Laing (Frederic Stephens)", "Peter Farr (Mr. Gray)", "Nicola Draffan (Mrs. Gray)", "Saskia Keatman (Lady Rondell)", "Kelly Healey (Lady Dashwood)", "Frida Baranek (Duchess di Alba)", "Tigerlily Hutchinson (Young Effie, Borghese Gallery)", "Iain Marshall (Mr. McPhail)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "The movie was delayed a year to hit the screen due to the copyright issue. A biographical picture from Britain set in the late 1840. The movie revolves the story of Euphemia Gray shortly known as Effie Gray and her married life. She was from Scotland and only 19 when she married to the British art critic John Ruskin. But she was kept under certain limits of space by her laws. It makes her a lonely soul in the house, which surface a serious threat to their loveless marriage. Can it be held or not is the movie's final conclusion.\r\n\r\nDakota Fanning, like I saw her yesterday in teen movies, but now she's in a grown up movie. Felt kind of hard to accept, and then after a while begin to like her performance. That does not mean it was a powerful act, somehow convincible to the viewers. That is mainly because of the story. Actually it's a simple story, if it was set in the today's world. For those periods, it was a big affair to deal publicly as well as family's prestige.\r\n\r\nThe movie's settings and locations were good. As usual in a period drama the costumes are very good. It's always pleasure to learn the history through movies than the school textbooks. Other than that it was an average or just above. The thing is, it was a too slow and a little long movie, thus its not a commercial film. Many people aren't ready to pay watch it in the theatres, that is understood. So in my opinion, it should have been a television movie instead, with sliced into 3-4 episodes. Anyway, not for everyone, but for those who love slow presentations would have a good time.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [296844, 129261, 401092, 80135]}