{"tmdb_id": 11443, "title": "G\u00e9n\u00e9ration sacrifi\u00e9e", "original_title": "Dead Presidents", "slug_title": "generation-sacrifiee", "date": "1995-10-06", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de la guerre du Vietnam est contraint de participer \u00e0 un hold-up pour tirer sa famille de la mis\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2dLyvXVvJXUR9otoqERkYpao1bB.jpg", "actors": ["Larenz Tate (Anthony Curtis)", "Keith David (Kirby)", "Chris Tucker (Skip)", "Freddy Rodr\u00edguez (Jose)", "Rose Jackson (Juanita Benson)", "N'Bushe Wright (Deliah Benson)", "Clifton Powell (Cutty)", "Terrence Howard (Cowboy)", "Bokeem Woodbine (Cleon)", "Clifton Collins Jr. (Betancourt)", "Elizabeth Rodriguez (Marisol)", "Michael Imperioli (D'ambrosio)", "Cheryl Freeman (Mrs. Barton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Brothers In Arms.\r\n\r\nAlbert and Allen Hughes direct, produce and co-write (with Michael Henry Brown) this tale about Anthony Curtis (Larenz Tate), a South Bronx boy who goes off to fight in Vietnam, to then return after his tours of duty to find things just aren't the same anymore. The follow up to their incendiary debut, Menace II Society, the Hughes brothers deliver another in your face picture that is quite frankly on a perpetual downer. This is no bad thing, though, as long as you are not looking to be cheered up.\r\n\r\nThat's Uncle Sam for you! Mean Green.\r\n\r\nThe pic very much harks back to the glory days of film noir in the 40s and 50s, where some talented film makers began to tell stories of returning war veterans finding what they left behind is now alien to them - with some characters, as is the case here - deeply scarred by their experiences. Add in some gangster elements and the coup de gr\u00e2ce that is the scintillating heist, and clearly the brothers have seen many an old classic film. That the narrative is tried and tested stops the piece hitting greater heights, this in spite of some super acting (especially Tate and the always value for money Keith David) and the hard hitting violence that pierces the senses. Predictable yet potent, and certainly memorable, it's well worth a look for the tough of mind and the classic era film of heart. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9430, 20306, 16096, 10952]}