{"tmdb_id": 114478, "title": "Starship Troopers : Invasion", "original_title": "Starship Troopers: Invasion", "slug_title": "starship-troopers-invasion", "date": "2012-07-21", "genre": ["Animation / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Le poste avanc\u00e9 de Fort Casey subit une attaque arachnide. Une escouade du vaisseau Alesia est envoy\u00e9e sur place pour rapatrier le SkyMarshall John A. Warden ainsi que les survivants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3znAWfEzXzR1slLKc9VQwtD6XmD.jpg", "actors": ["Luci Christian (Captain Carmen Ibanez)", "Justin Doran (Dr Carl Jenkins)", "David Matranga (General Johnny Rico)", "David Wald (Major Henry \"Hero\" Varro)", "Emily Neves (Trig)", "Sam Roman (Lieutenant Tony Daugherty (voice))", "Jovan Jackson (Mech (voice))", "Kalob Martinez (Holyman (voice))", "Karl Glusman (Gunfodder (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I bought this film because I already had the other ones in my collection and my kids as well as myself do like Starship Troopers. I was not even aware that it was a cgi-animated feature when I clicked on the buy button.\r\n\r\nI found the film surprisingly good. Sure, it is a fairly simple story appealing to fans of Starship Troopers and action/Sci-Fi fans in general but it surprised me in a positive way. My expectations was not the highest, especially not with the disasters that have been released as follow ups to the first Starship Troopers movie.\r\n\r\nThe CGI is quite good, there\u2019s plenty of action and, although the story has more of a comic magazine depth to it, it holds together. There is a few of the usual silly, illogical, things in the plot which makes you squirm a bit in your seat but nothing too disastrous.\r\n\r\nIf I should complain about something it would be that the sound, at least on my Blu-ray disk, was somewhat weak. Despite being 5.1 DTS Master Audio it was quite lacking in depth and the LFE-channel was almost non-existent. On a Sci-Fi movie, especially one with plenty of weapons, not to mention battle-cruisers, flying around, that is a bit of a bummer."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "If you like watching other people play video games, you might enjoy _Starship Troopers: Invasion_. Maybe. You probably still won't though.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [11127, 10304, 133121, 14853], "youtube_key": "notfound"}