{"tmdb_id": 11452, "title": "Van Wilder 1 - American Party", "original_title": "National Lampoon's Van Wilder", "slug_title": "van-wilder-1-american-party", "date": "2002-03-29", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "A l\u2019universit\u00e9 de Coolidge, Van Wilder est une star, d\u2019abord parce qu\u2019il y est \u00e9tudiant depuis sept ans, mais surtout parce que ses f\u00eates sont l\u00e9gendaires. Chacune de ses soir\u00e9es augmente encore un peu plus sa r\u00e9putation de dieu de la teuf. Pour rien au monde, Van ne voudrait changer cette vie de r\u00eave. Mais son p\u00e8re, exc\u00e9d\u00e9 de le voir s\u2019\u00e9terniser dans ses \u00e9tudes, lui coupe les vivres. Puis une journaliste du campus, Gwen, doit \u00e9crire un article sur lui. La jolie demoiselle ne voit d\u2019abord que le c\u00f4t\u00e9 superficiel de celui qu\u2019elle juge comme un pur glandeur. Pour Van Wilder, les temps sont durs. Il doit absolument trouver les fonds pour payer son semestre, et faire d\u00e9couvrir \u00e0 Gwen la vraie philosophie de sa vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/85RfNnTsqtlY6q9dYlaeqb3QGNN.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Reynolds (Van Wilder)", "Tara Reid (Gwen Pearson)", "Tim Matheson (Vance Wilder senior)", "Kal Penn (Taj Mahal Badalandabad)", "Simon Helberg (Vernon)", "Teck Holmes (Hutch)", "Deon Richmond (Mini Cochran)", "Alex Burns (Gordon)", "Paul Gleason (Professor McDoogle)", "Daniel Cosgrove (Richard Bagg)", "Emily Rutherfurd (Jeannie)", "Kim Smith (Casey)", "Lydia Hull (Lindsey)", "Aaron Paul (Wasted Guy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm not exactly what one might call \"in to\" American comedies, and gross out humour/romantic comedies are pretty much at the bottom of even that list. For a movie that most certainly contains both those two things (the latter in especially heavy doses), I actually didn't mind _Van Wilder_ that much. But it's all about context, if instead of comparing it to a list of similar things that I hate you compared it to, say, the entire history of cinema overall, then _National Lampoon's Van Wilder_ is pretty bad.\r\n\r\nOne additional note, the friend of mine who I put this on for told me that the movie was from the era of \"When Tara Reid was still hot\". Now personally I've never found any iteration of her attractive, but it did make me have a parallel thought, is Van Wilder from the era when Tara Reid was a better actor? I'm not saying she has been some sort of Oscar-worthy great at any stage, but if I compare her in this to her in, for example, _Sharknado 47_, despite the extra years of experience, she's definitely worse now, right?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [10032, 9285, 19824, 11282]}