{"tmdb_id": 114750, "title": "Dear White People", "original_title": "Dear White People", "slug_title": "dear-white-people", "date": "2014-10-17", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "La vie de quatre \u00e9tudiants noirs dans l'une des plus prestigieuses facult\u00e9s am\u00e9ricaines, o\u00f9 une soir\u00e9e \u00e0 la fois populaire et scandaleuse organis\u00e9e par des \u00e9tudiants blancs va cr\u00e9er la pol\u00e9mique. Dear White People est une com\u00e9die satirique sur comment \u00eatre noir dans un monde de blancs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yxQYvWjh4wjwjrr6hhNpruVCFDG.jpg", "actors": ["Tessa Thompson (Samantha White)", "Tyler James Williams (Lionel Higgins)", "Kyle Gallner (Kurt Fletcher)", "Teyonah Parris (Colandrea Conners)", "Brandon P. Bell (Troy Fairbanks)", "Dennis Haysbert (Dean Fairbanks)", "Brittany Curran (Sophie Fletcher)", "Malcolm Barrett (Helmut West)", "Marque Richardson (Reggie)", "Justin Dobies (Gabe)", "Peter Syvertsen (President Hutchinson)", "Brandon Alter (George)", "Kate Gaulke (Annie)", "Keith Myers (Black Mitch)", "Ashley Blaine Featherson (Curls)", "Daniel Pinder (Party Goer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Is it about the student politics or racism?**\r\n\r\nActually, I don't understand this film, I mean the story, what it intended to tell us. Maybe it's for Americans only. I thought it could be some underrated cool comedy, but what I just saw was definitely not expected. I kind of felt it was a student politics and if it stayed like that way I would have had no problem. But they said it is a comedy and I did not get any, in between it became a racism thing. I never understood this American racism, why they're making it so complicated. Especially the condition of the US is not looking good right now and this film pours a more oil to it. I'm neither white nor black or an American, and sorry I did not find it a good film. Even more, I don't get, how a television series is getting ready to follow-up it. So no offense for those who liked it, seems I'm in a wrong place. I just rated and reviewed what I felt it deserves, other than that I'm not against the film. I'm out of here!\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}, {"pseudo": "sexxyadventure", "content": "I really wonder what's going on with Black communities. This movie is completely racist. Most of the things that happen on the movie would never happen in real life. Maybe not in this century. But I guess if we want to live together, they must stop making these anti-white movies."}], "recommandations_id": [284296, 248774, 251736, 244772], "youtube_key": "XwJhmqLU0so"}