{"tmdb_id": 11484, "title": "Rollerball", "original_title": "Rollerball", "slug_title": "rollerball", "date": "1975-06-25", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "2018. Le monde est contr\u00f4l\u00e9 par des corporations \u00e9conomiques telle celle de l'\u00e9nergie, bas\u00e9e \u00e0 Houston. Ces corporations dirigent des formations sportives pratiquant le rollerball, sport violent ne permettant pas l'\u00e9mergence de vedettes individuelles. Jonathan E. brise ce tabou en survivant \u00e0 des matches disput\u00e9s sans r\u00e8gles, mettant ainsi \u00e0 mal la philosophie m\u00eame du rollerball et de cette soci\u00e9t\u00e9 du futur : \u00ab Le jeu est plus grand que le joueur \u00bb.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8ptgDA4yIhQKlTzA2CmEPyfSXTh.jpg", "actors": ["James Caan (Jonathan E.)", "John Houseman (Bartholomew)", "Maud Adams (Ella)", "John Beck (Moonpie)", "Moses Gunn (Cletus)", "Pamela Hensley (Mackie)", "Barbara Trentham (Daphne)", "John Normington (Executive)", "Shane Rimmer (Rusty, Team Executive)", "Burt Kwouk (Japanese Doctor)", "Nancy Bleier (Girl in Library)", "Richard LeParmentier (Bartholomew's Aide)", "Robert Ito (Strategy Coach for Houston Team)", "Ralph Richardson (Librarian)", "Valli Kemp (Woment at Party)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "2018\u2026\r\n\r\nNorman Jewison and William Harrison expand Harrison\u2019s short story into a full length feature film, with great results. Story takes place in 2018 and the world is a global corporate state, a hegemony of six ruling cartels. There are no wars, poverty and etc, so the cartels provide the antidote to pent up frustrations with Rollerball, a bloodthirsty arena sport where no quarter is given or taken. But when the sports number one star, Jonathan E, becomes a free spirit and too big for the sport, the corporations aim to retire him\u2026\r\n\r\nHeaded by a superb James Caan as Jonathan, the performances are from the high end, the photography superb and the action during the games themselves is beautifully choreographed. The use of classical music to run concurrent with the themes in the narrative is smartly rendered to the tricksy plot, while the writing is sharp and deserving of the utmost attention from the viewer. It\u2019s folly to suggest that when the film is away from the Rollerball ring it sags a touch, so patience is required and a respect of literate posturing is also expected to get the most out of it.\r\n\r\nA deft crafted dystopian sci-fier with literate smarts and lusty blood letting. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9278, 13282, 10803, 13939]}