{"tmdb_id": 115117, "title": "Arab Heat - Tales of the Arabian Nights, Part 3", "original_title": "Arab Heat - Tales of the Arabian Nights, Part 3", "slug_title": "arab-heat-tales-of-the-arabian-nights-part-3", "date": "2010-06-23", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "In the arid dry heat of the desert, Tony Aziz and Aybars are relaxing, taking refuge from the sun, and discussing current events over afternoon tea. Aziz asks the man servant, who is serving them, Dominic Pacifico, to give him a massage. Pacifico obediently obliges. Aybars sits back, as he watches this scene unfold. Pacifico massages Aziz's feet, moving up his leg, massaging the muscles along the way. Aziz pulls back his robe to reveal another muscle that needs to be worked on. Pacifico looks at Aziz, and knows what he\u2019s after, intuitively reaching for Aziz's cock. Speaking in Arabic, Aziz tells him \"how good it feels,\" as Aybars watches from across the room, stroking his thickening fat meat. Pacifico begins to devour Aziz's throbbing cock, getting it all wet. Aybars decides to join in, and walks over and facing Aziz, presents his own cock to be serviced.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2IvsZhoBwDx5x0RmUxxBtjTE8Cs.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Killian ()", "Alessio Romero ()", "Antonio Biaggi ()", "Austin Wilde ()", "Aybars ()", "Bruno Bond ()", "Damien Crosse ()", "David Dirdam ()", "Derrek Diamond ()", "Dominic Pacifico ()", "Francesco D'Macho ()", "Tony Aziz ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}