{"tmdb_id": 11518, "title": "Mohabbatein (l'expression de l'amour)", "original_title": "\u092e\u094b\u0939\u092c\u094d\u092c\u0924\u0947\u0902", "slug_title": "mohabbatein-l-expression-de-l-amour", "date": "2000-10-27", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Mohabbatein est l'histoire d'un professeur de violon (Shahrukh Khan) qui \u00e0 travers sa passion veut transmettre un message plus universel, celui de l'amour. Professeur de musique, il tente de r\u00e9pandre ce sentiment parmi les \u00e9tudiants de l'universit\u00e9 de Gurukul, mais il se heurte rapidement au directeur de l'institution (Amitabh Bachchan) dont les valeurs inspirent terreur et soumission \u00e0 tous les \u00e9tudiants. Le directeur de l'institut est le p\u00e8re de la d\u00e9funte Megha (Aishwarya Rai Bachchan) qui s'est suicid\u00e9e \u00e0 la suite de l'interdiction qui lui fut intim\u00e9e par son p\u00e8re de poursuivre sa relation avec un jeune \u00e9tudiant. Mais qui est r\u00e9ellement cet \u00e9l\u00e8ve ? Quelles sont les raisons qui le poussent \u00e0 se repr\u00e9senter \u00e0 l'universit\u00e9 tant d'ann\u00e9es apr\u00e8s la disparition de sa bien-aim\u00e9e ? Cherchera-t-il \u00e0 se venger ? Mohabattein est un hymne \u00e0 l'amour qui c\u00e9l\u00e8bre une relation pure de deux \u00e2mes-s\u0153urs dont la puissance, par-del\u00e0 la mort, r\u00e9ussit \u00e0 vaincre tous les obstacles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zB7zJQgk4pPoxsPzZP0CqUgHuXN.jpg", "actors": ["Amitabh Bachchan (Narayan Shankar)", "Shah Rukh Khan (Raj Aryan Malhotra)", "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan (Megha)", "Jimmy Sheirgill (Karan Choudhry)", "Preeti Jhangiani (Kiran)", "Jugal Hansraj (Sameer Sharma)", "Kim Sharma (Sanjana)", "Anupam Kher (Kake)", "Uday Chopra (Vicky Oberoi)", "Shamita Shetty (Ishika Dhanrajgir)", "Archana Puran Singh (Preeto)", "Amrish Puri (Major General Khanna)", "Shefali Shah (Nandini)", "Saurabh Shukla (Sanjana's Father)", "Parzaan Dastur (Ayush)", "Helen (Miss Monica)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheTenth", "content": "Gurukul university is know for its excellency. Her dean Narayan Shankar (Amtabh Bachchan) has very strict rules though : you must commit to your studieswith no distractions, especially love. \r\n\r\nWhen new students Karan (Jimmy Shergill), Sameer (Jugal Hansraj) and Vikram \"Vicky\" (Uday Chopra) enter, they have dreams of great success in life. When out of the school for errands, they meet Kiran (Preeti Jhangiani), Sanjana (Kim Sharma) and Ishika (Shamita Shetty) and start developing feelings for them. But Kiran tells the others of the story of the \"sad poet\". Once a student in Gurukul, he fell in love with a girl, they got along very well, but she was Narayan's daughter and when he heard about that, he fired the young man without even seeing him, and when fired from Gurukul, you can never find a place in another university.\r\nSo they have no choice but get on with the studies.\r\n\r\nOne day, a new professor comes, Raj Aryan Malhotra (Shah Rukh Khan), he wants to teach music, and at first Narayan refuses, but gives him his chance to teach music if he finds enough students. But Raj is not here to only bring back love in the students' hearts, he has some unfinished business with Gurukul\r\n\r\nThis is a romantic/drama, but in the Bollywood way, there are lots of funny moments. The story is both the developing love stories of the new students, and the story of Raj (and also Kake - Anupam Kher in a very funny role). It's very impressive how they fit 4 love stories and an opposition of character in the same movie. Acting is astounding by SRK and Bachchan, and strong from the newcomers. The dance numbers and songs are so great too.\r\nVery recommended."}], "recommandations_id": [11854, 13986, 4252, 4254], "youtube_key": "OjlZFIY7VHU"}