{"tmdb_id": 11524, "title": "Le Solitaire", "original_title": "Thief", "slug_title": "le-solitaire", "date": "1981-03-27", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s onze ans pass\u00e9s en prison, Frank, un talentueux voleur de bijoux, d\u00e9cide de se lancer dans un dernier coup avant de se ranger pour de bon avec son ami Jessie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5eKWyoaZ3GnJNkSIJMp8HGjQguz.jpg", "actors": ["James Caan (Frank)", "Tuesday Weld (Jessie)", "Willie Nelson (Okla)", "James Belushi (Barry)", "Robert Prosky (Leo)", "Tom Signorelli (Attaglia)", "Dennis Farina (Carl)", "Nick Nickeas (Nick)", "W.R. Brown (Mitch)", "Norm Tobin (Guido)", "Gavin MacFadyen (Boreksco)", "Chuck Adamson (Ancell)", "Sam Cirone (Martello)", "Spero Anast (Bukowski)", "Walter Scott (Detective D. Simpson)", "Sam T. Louis (Large Detective in Suit)", "William LaValley (Joseph)", "Lora Staley (Paula)", "Hal Frank (Joe Gags)", "Del Close (Mechanic #1)", "Bruce A. Young (Mechanic #2)", "John Kapelos (Mechanic #3)", "Mike Genovese (Bartender at Green Mill)", "William Petersen (Katz & Jammer Bartender)", "Karen Berger (Ruthie)", "John Santucci (Urizzi)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You are making big profits from my work, my risk, my sweat. \r\n\r\nThief is written and directed by Michael Mann, who adapts the screenplay form the novel \"The Home Invaders\" written by Frank Hohimer. It stars James Caan, Tuesday Weld, Robert Prosky, James Belushi and Willie Nelson. Music is by Tangerine Dream and cinematography by Donald Thorin. \r\n\r\nFrank (Caan) is a tough ex-con and expert jewel thief. He's working his way out to a normal life, but after being lured to a big job for the mob, he finds plans on both sides severely altered. \r\n\r\nFor his first full length theatrical feature, Michael Mann announced himself to the film world with some distinction, and in the process showed everyone what style of film making makes him tick. Thief is a film of stylised grit, visually, thematically and narratively. Set and filmed in Chicago, Mann, aided by Thorin, shoots the story through pure neo-noir filters. \r\n\r\nAt nighttime it is all a beautifully neon drenched haze, where the streets shimmer with dampness, a dampness brought about by the rain and god knows what else! By day there's a sweaty hue, a feeling that the heat is well and truly on, that even in daylight Frank isn't safe, his dreams may be a touch too far to reach. And no matter what the scene or scenario, Tangerine Dream are laying over the top a throbbing pulse beat, it's like The Warriors trying to get back to Coney Island, the music has a sense of dread about it, that danger is at every corner. \r\n\r\nThis part of Chicago stinks, it's a vile and corrupt place. Dirty cops everywhere, underworld criminals ruling the roost - Hell! You can even buy a baby if you want one. Is it any wonder that Frank just wants to settle down with a wife and child, to walk barefooted in the sea, to have domesticity? But Frank, as smart, tough and savvy as he is, seems to thrive on the edge of things, with Mann giving him earthy and honest dialogue to engage us with, marking him out as an identifiable everyman protagonist who just happens to be an exceptional thief. \r\n\r\nMann's attention to detail is on show straight away, none more so than with the two key safe cracking jobs that are undertaken. Using genuine jewel thieves as technical advisers on the film, these sequences ooze realism, from the tools used, the pre-planning and the execution of the takes, it smacks of reality and does justice to the genuine feel of the characterisations brought alive by the superb cast. And finally Mann delivers a finale of ambiguity, a noir shaded piece of abruptness, an ending that perfectly fits the whole production. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1847, 25680, 9846, 11454]}