{"tmdb_id": 11527, "title": "Excalibur", "original_title": "Excalibur", "slug_title": "excalibur", "date": "1981-04-10", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le roi Uther Pendragon re\u00e7oit de Merlin l'Enchanteur l'\u00e9p\u00e9e Excalibur, avec laquelle il doit unifier la terre. Mais sa passion pour Ygraine, l'\u00e9pouse du duc de Cornouailles, ruine les espoirs de paix de Merlin. L'Enchanteur acc\u00e8de \u00e0 la demande d'Uther de lui offrir une nuit avec l'objet de son d\u00e9sir, mais r\u00e9clame en \u00e9change le fruit de leurs amours. Il esp\u00e8re trouver en cet enfant l'\u00c9lu capable d'unifier la terre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/epSkW9O3HsxvWsu1qOK9HujqMMx.jpg", "actors": ["Nigel Terry (King Arthur)", "Helen Mirren (Morgana)", "Nicholas Clay (Lancelot)", "Cherie Lunghi (Guenevere)", "Paul Geoffrey (Perceval)", "Nicol Williamson (Merlin)", "Corin Redgrave (Cornwall)", "Patrick Stewart (Leondegrance)", "Keith Buckley (Uryens)", "Clive Swift (Sir Ector)", "Liam Neeson (Gawain)", "Gabriel Byrne (Uther Pendragon)", "Robert Addie (Mordred)", "Katrine Boorman (Igrayne)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (King Lot)", "Niall O'Brien (Kay)", "Charley Boorman (Boy Mordred)", "Br\u00edd Brennan (Lady in Waiting)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Eccentric depiction of the medieval myths surrounding King Arthur*** \r\n\r\nIn the late 400s Merlin the sorcerer of Britain takes advantage of the lust of King Uther (Gabriel Byrne) for a Duke\u2019s wife, Ingrayne (Katrine Boorman), to grant him a boy who becomes King Arthur of Camelot (Nigel Terry) when he pulls Excalibur from the stone, a magical sword. Arthur marries Guenevere (Cherie Lunghi), but when Lancelot (Nicholas Clay) joins the Knights of the Round Table the two experience a profound affinity for each other. Meanwhile, Arthur\u2019s half-sister, Morgana (Helen Mirren) is intent on incestuous deception to produce a son, Mordred.\r\n\r\nThe script to this acclaimed 1981 film by John Boorman was adapted from Sir Thomas Malory's \u201cLe Morte d'Arthur\u201d (\u201cThe Death of Arthur\u201d), published in 1485. The Arthurian folklores are used as an allegory of the succession of birth, life, decline, and renewal. The resulting film is reminiscent of works of mythography and is therefore episodic in nature. For instance, the sequence where the concept of the Round Table is established comes and goes in an awkward way. Another example is at the 95-minute mark where the story switches to the Knights\u2019 search for the Holy Grail, which focuses on a heretofore unknown knight.\r\n\r\nNeedless to say, the story\u2019s not consistently compelling because the movie\u2019s too segmented. The middle part detailing the romance between Guenevere and Lancelot, and the ramifications thereof, is the best part as far as that goes. The first half hour is a little convoluted, story-wise, and I suggest using the subtitles to discern accented dialogue and to keep track of the odd names. The search for the Holy Grail in the last 45 minutes breaks the film\u2019s momentum because it feels tacked on.\r\n\r\nNevertheless, if you can roll with the hammy acting, the melodrama and the episodic framework, there are a lot of positives to enjoy. Some good examples include: the beautiful sylvan locations, the fairy tale-like castles & sets, the imaginative costumes (e.g. the armor), the lovely ladies and the lush colors. Also, the soundtrack/score, which greatly utilizes \u201cO Fortuna\u201d by Carl Orff and a few pieces by Richard Wagner, is notable. Meanwhile, watch out for a young Liam Neeson as the knight Gawain.  \r\n\r\nThe big flaw here is that the story lacks steady thrust. For that, check out the more reality-oriented \u201cFirst Knight\u201d (1995) and \u201cKing Arthur\u201d (2004).      \r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 20 minutes and was shot entirely in Ireland.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [9663, 11780, 10803, 9080]}