{"tmdb_id": 11536, "title": "Les d\u00e9sax\u00e9s", "original_title": "The Misfits", "slug_title": "les-desaxes", "date": "1961-01-01", "genre": "Western / Drame / Action / Romance", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Reno, Roslyn s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 divorcer. Fascin\u00e9 par la beaut\u00e9 de la jeune femme, un cow-boy entre deux \u00e2ges lui demande de partager son existence. Elle se lie \u00e9galement d'amiti\u00e9 avec un riche \u00e9leveur et un garagiste veuf. Ils paraissent combl\u00e9s mais subissent en fait une mis\u00e8re affective et intellectuelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Av0lWhGy3vflumTsO8tkvRIFXUO.jpg", "actors": ["Clark Gable (Gay Langland)", "Marilyn Monroe (Roslyn Taber)", "Montgomery Clift (Perce Howland)", "Thelma Ritter (Isabelle Steers)", "Eli Wallach (Guido)", "James Barton (Fletcher's grandfather)", "Kevin McCarthy (Raymond Taber)", "Estelle Winwood (Church lady collecting money in bar)", "Rex Bell (Old Cowboy (uncredited))", "John Huston (Extra in Blackjack Scene (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Four lost souls in the Nevada desert wilderness\r\n\r\nA recently divorced blonde bombshell in Reno (Marilyn Monroe) befriends three guys and stirs their passions: An aging cowboy (Clark Gable), a cynical bush pilot (Eli Wallach) and a brooding rodeo contender (Montgomery Clift). They take an excursion to capture wild mustangs for profit. Thelma Ritter is on hand as a fifth misfit in the first half.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Misfits\u201d (1961) was Gable and Monroe\u2019s final film and Clift\u2019s last significant one. Gable passed away a few days after shooting from a heart attack while Marilyn died 18 months after its release. Clift was dead by 1966. Even Ritter died before the 60s were over.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a B&W drama with Western elements and haunting reflections on the nature of life and death, reminiscent of those Tennessee Williams\u2019 flicks of the era, like \u201cThe Night of the Iguana\u201d and \u201cThe Fugitive Kind.\u201d The characters are lost souls who drown out their pain with lots of drinking and shallow socializing. Monroe is voluptuous and charismatic; and there are thematic gems here and there, like Gay\u2019s potent commentary on doing something with pure intentions while society pulls a bait-and-switch and it becomes morally dubious or outright bad. The film\u2019s also a fascinating period piece.\r\n\r\nFYI: Director John Huston originally wanted Robert Mitchum for Gable\u2019s role, but by the time they worked the kinks out of the script Mitchum was busy with another project. The writer, Arthur Miller, was Marilyn\u2019s husband during shooting, but they were officially divorced 11 days before its release.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [19997, 24010, 25673, 11016]}