{"tmdb_id": 115332, "title": "Cross Creek", "original_title": "Cross Creek", "slug_title": "cross-creek", "date": "1983-09-21", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dRQUvSyDRE4fAJL4bs1zLv4ffq.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Steenburgen (Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings)", "Rip Torn (Norton Baskin)", "Peter Coyote (Norton Baskin)", "Dana Hill (Ellie Turner)", "Alfre Woodard (Geechee)", "Ike Eisenmann (Paul)", "Cary Guffey (Floyd Turner)", "Toni Hudson (Tim's Wife)", "Jay O. Sanders (Charles Rawlings)", "Malcolm McDowell (Max Perkins)", "Joanna Miles (Mrs. Turner)", "Bo Rucker (Leroy)", "John Hammond (Tim)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Decide what you want to do and then DO IT, come what may***\r\n\r\nIn 1928, Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings (Mary Steenburgen) in her early 30s moves to a blindly bought orange grove near the hamlet of Cross Creek, in northern Florida, which is located on a strip of land between two large lakes (Orange Lake and Lochloosa Lake). There she hopes to find the peace and privacy to launch her writing career. Peter Coyote plays a hotel owner from a nearby town that becomes fascinated by Marjorie while Alfre Woodard plays her maid. Rip Torn is on hand as an eccentric backwoodsman with Dana Hill appearing as his daughter who befriends a fawn.\r\n\r\n\u201cCross Creek\u201d (1983) is a historical drama about the famous author of \u201cThe Yearling\u201d; it\u2019s also part wilderness drama. Shot on location in gorgeous Alachua & Marion Counties, the film\u2019s worth watching just for the remote Floridian lushness. The theme is to die for as Marjorie DECIDES what she wants to do and then boldly (or stubbornly) DOES IT, come what may. Her first two short stories were published in 1931 and \u201cThe Yearling\u201d in 1938, which won a Pulitzer Prize for fiction and was made into a movie in 1946.\r\n\r\nThe boggy locations are similar to those in \u201cFrogs\u201d (1972) and \u201cSwamp Thing\u201d (1982) while the topic and themes are reminiscent of \u201cThe Whole Wide World\u201d (1996) and \u201cSounder\u201d (1972). If you favor the latter two movies and appreciate the locations of the former two, you\u2019ll enjoy \u201cCross Creek.\u201d\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 7 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [118915, 46797, 84278, 50697]}