{"tmdb_id": 115348, "title": "Paranoia", "original_title": "Paranoia", "slug_title": "paranoia", "date": "2013-08-14", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Employ\u00e9 par Wyatt Telecom, Adam Cassidy commet une erreur tr\u00e8s co\u00fbteuse pour sa soci\u00e9t\u00e9. En \u00e9change de son indulgence, le PDG lui demande d'infiltrer son principal concurrent, dont le patron n\u2019est autre que l'ancien mentor de ce dernier...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pUvfDW0qbJLTnUfPuawSO4gnbF9.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Hemsworth (Adam Cassidy)", "Harrison Ford (Jock Goddard)", "Gary Oldman (Nicholas Wyatt)", "Amber Heard (Emma Jennings)", "Josh Holloway (Agent Gamble)", "Embeth Davidtz (Judith Bolton)", "Richard Dreyfuss (Frank Cassidy)", "Julian McMahon (Meechum)", "Lucas Till (Kevin)", "Angela Sarafyan (Alison)", "Charlie Hofheimer (Richard McCallister)", "William Peltz (Morgan)", "Haley Finnegan (Chelsea)", "Kevin Kilner (Tom Lungren)", "Christine Marzano (Nora Summers)", "Brendan Dooling (Dylan Goddard)", "Mark Moses (Dr. Butson)", "Jen Kober (Hospital Administrator)", "Isidora Goreshter (Hospital Nurse #1)", "Meredith Eaton (Hospital Nurse #2)", "Dani Garza (Frank's Nurse)", "Rebecca Pace (Wyatt's Executive Assistant)", "Rebeka Choudhury (Wyatt Corp Female Executive)", "Tyerise Foreman (Club Doorman)", "David Winning (Wyatt Compound House Manager)", "Dennisha Pratt (Adam's Eikon Assistant)", "Mark Kochanowicz (Sutton Club Waiter)", "Joel Nagle (Senior Control Room Guard)", "Gavin-Keith Umeh (Secondary Control Room Guard)", "Alex Schoenauer (Armed Security Guard #1)", "Todd Hedrick (Armed Security Guard #2)", "John Wooten (Eikon Scanner Security Guard #1)", "Anthony Mecca (Eikon Scanner Security Guard #2)", "Paul Uipi (Hallway Security Guard)", "Brett G. Smith (Server Hallway Security Guard #1)", "Nicolas Torrens (Server Hallway Security Guard #2)", "Jennifer Cormack (Start-Up Receptionist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tom_elkrider", "content": "I came to 'Paranoia' fully knowing it had been universally panned by critics and viewers alike. However, I found myself watching a very straightforward drama-thriller about corporate espionage and morality that reminded me of the corporate thrillers from the 80s and 90s. The acting is good and the movie looks good.\r\n\r\nSo, is the movie dated and boring then? You could see it that way. The standards for a movie in this genre have obviously become quite high. Audiences are waiting for several interconnecting layers in the story and want plot twists after plot twists. And with a cast as formidable as this, the movie must come from the biggest money and therefore the most exhilaratingly modern script, right? Well, it doesn't.\r\n\r\nIt seems that 'Paranoia' is a just another mediocre movie that you really don't need to see. It's sometimes implausible but sometimes it's decent drama. Just because the audience was disappointed in their own expectations, doesn't mean it deserves all this bashing. 32 on Metacritic and 4.9 on IMDb (2013-11-10)? That's pretty damn low.\r\n\r\nI read that Stephen Holden of The New York Times said about the lead actor, Liam Hemsworth: \"Not since Taylor Lautner has Hollywood ogled a pretty boy this vacant and poorly prepared.\" Again I'm reminded of the 80s and one Tom Cruise. Was his substance and skill any better?"}], "recommandations_id": [146238, 146227, 77948, 77234]}