{"tmdb_id": 11542, "title": "Au-del\u00e0 du r\u00e9el", "original_title": "Altered States", "slug_title": "au-dela-du-reel", "date": "1980-12-25", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Edward Jessup, chercheur \u00e0 l'Universit\u00e9 de Cornell, absorbe des hallucinog\u00e8nes afin d'en \u00e9tudier les effets. Des fantasmes li\u00e9s \u00e0 son enfance l'entra\u00eenent dans une qu\u00eate de son identit\u00e9. C'est enti\u00e8rement m\u00e9tamorphos\u00e9 qu'il ressurgira de cet univers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wJuBAkVbd2xaauodX3Ronqvw06O.jpg", "actors": ["William Hurt (Professor Eddie Jessup)", "Blair Brown (Emily Jessup)", "Bob Balaban (Arthur Rosenberg)", "Charles Haid (Mason Parrish, Professor of Endocrinology at Harvard Medical School)", "Thaao Penghlis (Echeverria)", "Miguel Godreau (Primal Man)", "Dori Brenner (Sylvia Rosenberg)", "Peter Brandon (Hobart)", "Charles White-Eagle (The Brujo)", "Drew Barrymore (Margaret Jessup)", "Megan Jeffers (Grace Jessup)", "Jack Murdock (Hector Orteco)", "Francis X. McCarthy (Obispo)", "Deborah Baltzell (Schizophrenic Patient)", "Evan Richards (Young Rosenberg)", "Paul Larsson (Charlie Thomas)", "John Larroquette (X-Ray Technician)", "George Gaynes (Dr. Wissenschaft)", "Hap Lawrence (Endocrinology Fellow)", "John Walter Davis (Medical Technician)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***\u201cNight of the Apeman\u201d mixed with some pretty heady material***\r\n\r\nIn the late 60s and mid-70s, a psychopathologist (William Hurt) from the New York/New England area honestly seeks ultimate truth and the origins of humanity through dubious experiments with sensory deprivation mixed with drugs, including a potent mixture used in ceremonies by Mexican AmerIndians. This leads to altered states of consciousness and amazing primordial revelations. Blair Brown is on hand as his romantic interest while Bob Balaban and Charles Haid appear as his colleagues, the latter a scientific version of a Pharisee.\r\n\r\nDirected by Ken Russell, \u201cAltered States\u201d (198o) is a mature sci-fi drama with elements of mystery/horror. It comes across as a meshing of movies like \u201cWolfen\u201d (1981), \u201cAn American Werewolf in London\u201d (1981), Russell\u2019s later \u201cThe Lair of the White Worm\u201d (1988) and \u201c2001: A Space Odyssey\u201d (1968). One of the fascinating things about the movie is that it shows how a person can reach other realms while in an isolated location through the power of the mind/spirit, albeit in this case with the assistance of drugs.\r\n\r\nI can relate to a degree. For instance, eleven years ago I was sleeping in bed (during the day) having an intense dream when my wife burst into the room to wake me up. The smoke alarm outside the door was blaring like crazy, but there was no smoke or fire (or heat). The intense energy evoked by my dream obviously set it off because, as soon as I woke, it suddenly stopped. This happened again the next week. What can explain this except the untapped power of the mind and focused energy?\r\n\r\nAnyway, the apeman sequence is one of the best parts of the movie and recalls those werewolf flicks noted above (of course \u201cWolfen\u201d isn\u2019t really a werewolf picture). But \u201cAltered States\u201d is so much more than a standard creature feature or nature-runs-amok flick. The apeman make-up is great and the bizarre imaginings are similar to the same in \u201cThe Lair of the White Worm.\u201d While I disagree with the evolutionary nonsense (humans didn\u2019t evolve from apes, rolling my eyes), this is a fantasy about finding the truth by Ken Russell and so I don\u2019t expect those kinds of details to be accurate anyway.\r\n\r\nBlair is winsome in a girl-next-door kind of way and Russell doesn\u2019t fail to capture her beauty (and I\u2019m not tawkin about the top nudity), although that\u2019s there too, if you\u2019re interested.\r\n\r\nI suggest using the subtitles since a lot of the jargon is pretty technical. It helps the viewer to stay with the story if you can understand what the characters are saying and discussing.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 42 minutes and was shot in New York City (including the Bronx Zoo); Boston; Sierra Tarahumara, Chihuahua, Mexico (the rock formations); Burbank Studios and a VA hospital in Los Angeles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [9538, 10176, 2742, 28942], "youtube_key": "0XNVQ4ILPBA"}