{"tmdb_id": 115547, "title": "The Rise & Fall of a White Collar Hooligan", "original_title": "The Rise & Fall of a White Collar Hooligan", "slug_title": "the-rise-fall-of-a-white-collar-hooligan", "date": "2012-05-07", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Casual football hooligan Mike Jacobs is going nowhere in life when he meets old friend Eddie Hill at a football match that turns nasty off the pitch. Under Eddie\u2019s tutelage he soon finds himself inducted into the world of credit card fraud, where organised gangs withdraw hundreds of thousands of pounds from cash machines every night. As Mike becomes seduced by the money and women that come with his new lifestyle, the dangers increase and he soon finds events spiralling beyond his control.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ck7Kynb2HXW3HvHnQV3nZRWa3tJ.jpg", "actors": ["Nick Nevern (Mike Jacobs)", "Rita Ramnani (Katie)", "Peter Barrett (Topbeef)", "Rebecca Ferdinando (Nicey Pricey)", "Ricci Harnett (D.S. McCartney)", "Roland Manookian (Rusty)", "Billy Murray (Mr. Robinson)", "Emile Jansen (French Detective)", "Simon Phillips (Eddie Hill)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "iluvdvds", "content": "I admit it, I'm not exactly the biggest footie fan out there. So, when I sat down to watch this film I wasn't expecting it to be my cup of tea, but I couldn't have been more wrong. WHITE COLLAR HOOLIGAN is a brilliant crime thriller that, I thought, was very well made. The directing and acting here are equally excellent and really keeps you hooked to the screen. All the characters are highly believeable and you'll no doubt find yourself empathising with them as things just keep getting worse and worse.\r\n\r\nI can recommened this movie not just to football fans - the film's obvious audience - but also those, like myself, who enjoy the rush of a great crime thriller. Lots of swearing, violence and drama. Great stuff!"}], "recommandations_id": [271188, 191646, 373321, 85566], "youtube_key": "notfound"}