{"tmdb_id": 115690, "title": "WWE Royal Rumble 1992", "original_title": "WWE Royal Rumble 1992", "slug_title": "wwe-royal-rumble-1992", "date": "1992-01-19", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Royal Rumble (1992) was the fifth annual Royal Rumble. It took place on January 19, 1992 at the Knickerbocker Arena in Albany, New York.  The main event, as in past Royal Rumble events, was the event's namesake match. The 1992 Royal Rumble match was historic because for the first (and as of 2013, only) time in the history of the WWF, the last man standing in the match would win the WWF Championship, which had been vacated in December 1991. The match was won by Ric Flair, who last eliminated Sid Justice to win the match and the WWF Championship. Featured matches on the undercard were The Natural Disasters (Earthquake and Typhoon) versus The Legion of Doom (Hawk and Animal) for the WWF Tag Team Championship, The Beverly Brothers (Blake and Beau) versus The Bushwhackers (Luke and Butch) and Roddy Piper versus The Mountie for the WWF Intercontinental Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gwv6QkfRsUCNhHt9xyQ4gtGDaoO.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Hulk Hogan)", "Roddy Piper (Roddy Piper)", "Ric Flair (Ric Flair)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Robert Remus (Sargent Slaughter)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Earthquake)", "Fred Ottman (Typhoon)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Michael James Hegstrand (Hawk)", "Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (Animal)", "Jacques Rougeau (The Mountie)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Steven Kenneth Lombardi (The Brooklyn Brawler)", "Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Tonga Fifita (Haku)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Kerry Von Erich (The Texas Tornado)", "Barry Allen Darsow (The Repo Man)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Himself)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (\"Hacksaw\" Jim Duggan)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "James Reiher (Jimmy Snuka)", "Randy Savage (Randy \"Macho Man\" Savage)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Khosrow Vaziri (Colonel Mustafa)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "Steve Keirn (Skinner)", "Terry Szopinski (Warlord)", "Sidney Raymond Eudy (Sid Justice)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58964, 53195, 58962, 150735], "youtube_key": "KKh9fwmSbls"}