{"tmdb_id": 11564, "title": "Class 1984", "original_title": "Class of 1984", "slug_title": "class-1984", "date": "1982-08-20", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Andy Norris est nomm\u00e9 professeur de musique \u00e0 la \"Abraham Lincoln Highschool\", un \u00e9tablissement scolaire terroris\u00e9 par un gang d'\u00e9l\u00e8ves dirig\u00e9s par un jeune pianiste psychopathe. Revente de drogue, brutalit\u00e9, racket, menaces sont le pain quotidien de ceux qui y \u00e9tudient et y enseignent. L'attitude ouverte mais ferme d' Andy envers le gang ne sert \u00e0 rien. Au contraire, elle engendre de nouvelles provocations. L' affrontement n'est plus tr\u00e8s loin et il s'annonce sanglant", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/whDnqSYg4yYgVzbVhLSjzC5piUR.jpg", "actors": ["Perry King (Andrew Norris)", "Tim Van Patten (Peter Stegman)", "Roddy McDowall (Terry Corrigan)", "Michael J. Fox (Arthur)", "Merrie Lynn Ross (Diane Norris)", "Stefan Arngrim (Drugstore)", "Keith Knight (Barnyard)", "Lisa Langlois (Patsy)", "Neil Clifford (Fallon)", "Al Waxman (Detective Stewiski)", "Erin Noble (Deneen)", "David Gardner (Principal Morganthau)", "Steve Pernie (Rejack)", "Robert Reece (Leroy)", "Joseph Kelly (Jimmy)", "Elva Mai Hoover (Ellen Corrigan)", "Vincent Abbatino (Vinnie Contino)", "Evan Green (Student Usher)", "Linda Sorensen (Mrs. Stegman)", "Claude Rae (Doctor)", "Jack Lea (Cop)", "Tracy Kinsella (Mary)", "Helena Quinton (Sally)", "Roy T. Anderson (Student)", "Michelle Kolman (Student)", "Darlene Burlie (Student)", "Don Buchsbaum (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I am the future!\r\n\r\nClass of 1984 is directed by Mark Lester and Lester co-writes the screenplay with Tom Holland and John Saxton. It stars Perry King, Roddy McDowall, Merrie Lynn Ross, Timothy Van Patten, Stefan Arngrim, Michael Fox, Roddy McDowall and Lisa Langlois. Music is by Lalo Schifrin and Alice Cooper and Cinematography by Albert J. Dunk.\r\n\r\nNew music teacher Andrew Norris (King) is shocked to find the pupils of Lincoln High rule the roost. Refusing to kowtow to Peter Stegman's (Patten) gang of thugs, he decides to fight back...\r\n\r\nIt's always tricky revisiting later in life films that have cemented themselves as cult favourites. Class of 1984 is one such cult favourite of many who eagerly digested it back in the early half of the 1980s, a time when censorship was rife and banning orders the order of the day. The word of mouth back then was that Lester's film pushed boundaries, a frightening vision of a future where education as we know it would be replaced by anarchy, the youths of the day running amok with violence, sexual aggression and copious amounts of drugs. was this an astute portent by Lester and his crew?...\r\n\r\nEssentially this marks one of the turning points in the trashy filmic timeline of films dealing in educational establishments collapsing within via youth rebellion. Where the likes of Blackboard Jungle kicked things off with grim textures, Class of 1984 picks up the baton and urinates on it with a glint in its eye - for better or worse. As a whole the pic is given over to being ridiculous for the sake of shock value, yet it's strangely magnetic, managing to strike a nervous chord. Exploitation? No not really, that was just a marketing ploy that worked...\r\n\r\nViewing it these days it looks part of a tired formula, but that in no way should denigrate the importance of it, for it helped turn the tide in said formula. Ultimately it becomes a visceral revenge thriller, where some scenes are well constructed, others not so much, with the finale outrageously over the top. The acting from the younger cast members is mostly ok, though Patten is difficult to take serious as the gang leader. King is splendidly committed to the lead, garnering our support, while McDowall is the class act on show.\r\n\r\nLurid colours, eye splinter fashions and a rocky sound track round it out as a trashy \"B\" movie of much ebullience. One for the nostalgic amongst us for sure, but also for film historians interested in the sub-genre this sits in. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16191, 23535, 61954, 14664], "youtube_key": "_57LAG4GFkg"}