{"tmdb_id": 115702, "title": "Jungle Jim et la La charge sauvage", "original_title": "Fury of the Congo", "slug_title": "jungle-jim-et-la-la-charge-sauvage", "date": "1951-02-26", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Crime", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Jungle Jim doit prot\u00e9ger les animaux rares ressemblant \u00e0 des poneys dont les glandes produisent un puissant narcotique. Sur le chemin, il combat une araign\u00e9e g\u00e9ante.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tKrjsLsews7tkEicirLIOshoC3a.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Weissmuller (Jungle Jim)", "Sherry Moreland (Leta)", "William Henry (Ronald Cameron)", "Lyle Talbot (Grant)", "Joel Friedkin (Prof. Dunham)", "George Eldredge (Barnes)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Um Bongo.\r\n\r\nThe 6th of Johnny Weissmuller\u2019s forays into Jungle Jim\u2019s khaki shorts proves to be a damp squib. It\u2019s low on ideas and crudely constructed by director William Berke. Ok, lets not beat around the jungle bush, for the very young film fan there is more than enough here to keep them rooted to the sofa. From hilariously bad spider designs to recycled animal fights, there\u2019s no denying that young eyes can enjoy whilst feasting on their burgers. Hell, the plot even has some intelligence to it, even if it\u2019s a touch bonkers as drug lords seek to extract narcotic tinged glands from the Okongo, a half horse/zebra/antelope thingy that the makers have made up. But this is all told one of the weakest of the series and feels old hat as regards familiarity breeding contempt. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}