{"tmdb_id": 11589, "title": "De l'or pour les braves", "original_title": "Kelly's Heroes", "slug_title": "de-l-or-pour-les-braves", "date": "1970-06-22", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Guerre", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "En 1944, pr\u00e8s de Nancy, un colonel allemand est captur\u00e9 par le lieutenant am\u00e9ricain Kelly. D\u00e9couvrant que son prisonnier est en possession de deux lingots d'or, il lui fait subir un interrogatoire au terme duquel sa victime fait une incroyable r\u00e9v\u00e9lation : dans une banque \u00e0 quelques 40 kilom\u00e8tres de la ligne de front, les Allemands disposent d'un tr\u00e9sor de 16 millions de dollars... Kelly n'a alors plus qu'une id\u00e9e en t\u00eate : s'en emparer, lui et ses hommes, pour leur propre compte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yYglYIHcAEKary0yXwvpuWgEWrb.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Sergeant First Class Kelly)", "Telly Savalas (Master Sergeant \"Big Joe\")", "Don Rickles (Staff Sergeant \"Crapgame\")", "Carroll O'Connor (Major General Colt)", "Donald Sutherland (Sgt. Oddball (tank commander))", "Gavin MacLeod (Moriarty (tank crewman))", "Hal Buckley (Capt. Maitland)", "Stuart Margolin (Pvt. Little Joe)", "Jeff Morris (Pvt. Cowboy)", "Richard Davalos (Pvt. Gutowski)", "Perry Lopez (Pvt. Petuko)", "Tom Troupe (Cpl. Job)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Pvt. Willard)", "Dick Balduzzi (Pvt. Fisher)", "Gene Collins (Pvt. Babra)", "Len Lesser (Platoon Sgt. Bellamy (42nd Engineers))", "David Hurst (Col. Dunkhepf)", "Fred Pearlman (Pvt. Mitchell)", "Michael Clark (Pvt. Grace)", "George Fargo (Pvt. Penn)", "Dee Pollock (Pvt. Jonesey)", "George Savalas (1st Sgt. Mulligan (artillerly unit))", "John G. Heller (German lieutenant)", "Shepherd Sanders (Turk (tank crewman))", "Karl-Otto Alberty (German tank commander)", "Ross Elliott (Booker)", "Hugo de Vernier (French Mayor)", "Phil Adams (Third Tank Commander)", "Frank J. Garlotta (Tanker)", "Harry Goines (Supply Sergeant)", "David Gross (German Captain)", "Sandy McPeak (Second Tank Commander)", "James McHale (Guest)", "Robert MacNamara (Roach)", "Read Morgan (U.S. Lieutenant)", "Tom Signorelli (Bonsor)", "Donald Waugh (Roamer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Crazy! I mean like so many positive waves maybe we can't lose! You're on!\r\n\r\nBrian G. Hutton followed the considerable success he had had with 1968's Where Eagles Dare, with this, another men on a mission movie - only this one is very much a different animal. Hutton directs and Troy Kennedy-Martin writes the screenplay, it stars Clint Eastwood, Telly Savalas, Donald Sutherland and Don Rickles. Music is by Lalo Schifrin and cinematography is by Gabriel Figueroa.\r\n\r\nWhen it comes to light that there is a considerable stash of Nazi gold waiting to be plundered behind enemy lines in occupied France, a group of maverick U.S. soldiers set off on a deadly mission to locate and gain...\r\n\r\nWoof Woof!\r\n\r\nUtterly wonderful. Kelly's Heroes mixes together war movie action staples with black comedy gold, the greed and insanity of war having its cheek poked by a sharp and bloody tongue. The script is clever, often very funny, often poignant and poised, and it's this that lets a great cast have a ball. You have the straight laced delivery of Eastwood playing against Savalas' macho rage, and Rickles' jumping- bean turn jostling with Sutherland's pre-hippy malarkey. Character names range from the likes of Oddball, Crapgame, Big Joe, Little Joe and Cowboy, a rogue group of soldiers deciding they want to grab something for themselves.\r\n\r\nUp yours, baby!\r\n\r\nThe journey to find the gold is of course far from straight forward, with Hutton constructing some white hot action scenes. And it's here where it often gets forgotten that Kelly's Heroes does not forget the blood shed during war. People do die, it's not all fun and frolics, and Hutton knows his way around great suspense passages. Witness the brilliant minefield sequence and the ticking clock finale where we are never sure if any of the men will achieve their goal. So laugh while you ponder, then? Absolutely. Kelly's Heroes is caper and chaos, beef and brawn, but always cunning and crafty as well. 9/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [11046, 1654, 10747, 8879]}