{"tmdb_id": 11590, "title": "La Castagne", "original_title": "Slap Shot", "slug_title": "la-castagne", "date": "1977-02-25", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "L'entra\u00eeneur d'une \u00e9quipe de hockey embauche trois jeunes qui, en quelques matchs, font r\u00e9gner la terreur sur la glace et dans les tribunes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1SfNVtyP1Czj4ESbKU4YleDyTND.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Newman (Reggie 'Reg' Dunlop)", "Strother Martin (Joe McGrath)", "Michael Ontkean (Ned Braden)", "Jennifer Warren (Francine Dunlop)", "Lindsay Crouse (Lily Braden)", "Jerry Houser (Dave 'Killer' Carlson)", "Jeff Carlson (Jeff Hanson)", "Steve Carlson (Steve Hanson)", "David Hanson (Jack Hanson)", "Yvon Barrette (Denis Lemieux)", "Allan F. Nicholls (Johnny Upton)", "Brad Sullivan (Morris 'Mo' Wanchuk)", "Stephen Mendillo (Jim Ahern)", "Yvan Ponton (Jean-Guy Drouin)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Dickie Dunn)", "Kathryn Walker (Anita McCambridge)", "Matthew Cowles (Charlie Kischel)", "Melinda Dillon (Suzanne Hanrahan)", "Swoosie Kurtz (Shirley Upton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Funny, cynical and irreverent. \r\n\r\nPaul Newman is the coach of third rate failing minor league hockey team, The Charlestown Chiefs. The town is hit hard by unemployment and this appears to be the Chiefs' last season, however, if the coach can whip up the team up into a winning frenzy, then the unknown owner might just find a buyer and save all their carers? The management bring in three odd looking brothers who, once unleashed, take the whole team on a blood thirsty winning streak right to the championship final. The crowds flock in thirsting for more blood, but then the problems start to arise.\r\n\r\nSlap Shot is a tremendously funny film, it's also incredibly violent and often vulgar in dialogue, but be sure to know that both things go hand in hand here (or should it be glove in glove?) to create one of the smartest sports pictures in the modern age. The hockey sequences are excellent (especially to a non fan like me), and the script bristles with course and biting humour. Slap Shot on its initial release was frowned upon by many critics, it was considered too profane and overly harsh with the win at all costs theme driving it forward. However, it's now rightly embraced as the smart and intelligent piece that director George Roy Hill wanted it to be seen as. A new generation of movie fans have started to seek it out and its reputation and fan base grows ever more larger by the year.\r\n\r\nNewman was a bona fide star, his hair silver grey but his good looks still firmly intact, his performance has a grace about it that oddly sits nicely amongst this cynical stab at professional hockey; even if his characters' clothes are, in truth, icky. It would be a big disservice if I didn't mention the impact of the Hanson Brothers, surely one of the finest combinations to have ever graced a sports movie? They are at once unassumingly likable, the next gleefully violent, they are the glue that binds the whole picture together. Film is filled out with sparkling support work from the likes of Strother Martin, Michael Ontkean, Jennifer Warren, Lindsay Crouse and Jerry Houser.\r\n\r\nNot long after originally writing this review, the legend that was Paul Newman sadly passed away, he left behind a movie legacy that few can touch, and trust me, this is one of them. A sports movie that never gets old and continues to pay off on repeat viewings. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9749, 103130, 115360, 143529]}