{"tmdb_id": 115972, "title": "Le Serment de Robin des Bois", "original_title": "Sword of Sherwood Forest", "slug_title": "le-serment-de-robin-des-bois", "date": "1960-12-26", "genre": "Fantastique / Aventure", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Robin des Bois, au hasard de ses p\u00e9r\u00e9grinations, d\u00e9couvre un homme gri\u00e8vement bless\u00e9 et le ram\u00e8ne sans h\u00e9siter dans son camp, au coeur de la for\u00eat de Sherwood. Une myst\u00e9rieuse jeune femme fait soudain irruption au milieu des hommes rassembl\u00e9s et accuse Robin et ses amis d'\u00eatre les auteurs de l'agression, avant de dispara\u00eetre. Plus tard, un message \u00e9manant de l'inconnue parvient \u00e0 Robin. Il est instamment pri\u00e9 de se rendre dans une auberge, ce qu'il fait aussit\u00f4t, bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 lever le doute sur son sens de l'hospitalit\u00e9. Sur place, il trouve la demoiselle en compagnie du sh\u00e9rif de Nottingham. Ce dernier demande \u00e0 Robin de lui livrer le bless\u00e9 en \u00e9change de son pardon...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6EZlfEntcyca7uZ7yT6bmfc5T69.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Greene (Robin Hood)", "Sarah Branch (Maid Marian)", "Peter Cushing (Sheriff of Nottingham)", "Richard Pasco (Edward, Earl of Newark)", "Nigel Green (Little John)", "Niall MacGinnis (Friar Tuck)", "Jack Gwillim (Archbishop Hubert Walter)", "Oliver Reed (Lord Melton)", "Edwin Richfield (The Sheriff's Lieutenant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Marian. Catch!\r\n\r\nSword of Sherwood Forest is directed by Terence Fisher and written by Alan Hackney. It stars Richard Greene, Sarah Branch, Peter Cushing, Richard Pasco, Nigel Green, Oliver Reed and Niall MacGinnis. Music is by Alun Hoddinott and cinematography by Ken Hodges.\r\n\r\nOne of Hammer Films\u2019 Robin Hood movies that reinvents the legend with some lively swashbuckling glee. Plot is kind of incidental, this really is about some good honest family entertainment involving sword fights, bow and arrow skills, political machinations and some costume malarkey. There\u2019s a good story here, based around a dastardly assassination plot that Robin and his merry men get dragged into, this part of the pic is well written and directed with assuredness by Fisher, one of Hammer\u2019s greatest directors.\r\n\r\nRichard Greene reprises the role of Robin that he played in the popular TV show The Adventures of Robin Hood, and whilst he is unlikely to be at the top of anyone\u2019s favourite Robin Hood portrayal lists, he\u2019s comfortable in the tights and engages heroically enough in all the right places. Cushing is the class act on show as the evil Sheriff of Nottingham, and Branch is fetching as Marian, though the sparks never fly between herself and Greene.\r\n\r\nSadly there\u2019s irritants that stop the film pushing through the forest to breathe fresh air with the best of the other Hood outings. So much focus is spent on Robin the man, his merry men barely get a look in to impact on proceedings. Which when you have Nigel Green as Little John amounts to a crime of a wasted opportunity. The choreography for all the fight scenes is adequate enough, but it lacks dynamism, while Oliver Reed may be enjoying himself greatly, but he adopts an accent that I don\u2019t think has been invented yet!\r\n\r\nStill, lots of fun here regardless. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [144121, 84109, 47744, 44559]}