{"tmdb_id": 11617, "title": "Rio Grande", "original_title": "Rio Grande", "slug_title": "rio-grande", "date": "1950-11-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Colonel de la cavalerie am\u00e9ricaine, Kirby York acceuille dans son r\u00e9giment son propre fils, le jeune Jeff, recal\u00e9 \u00e0 West Point. S\u00e9par\u00e9e de York depuis un \u00e9pisode tragique de la Guerre de S\u00e9cession, Kathleen, la m\u00e8re de Jeff, intervient aupr\u00e8s de son \u00e9poux pour qu'il n'accepte pas le jeune homme dans sa garnison. La guerre contre les Indiens fait rage, et la m\u00e8re craint pour la vie de son fils. Une terrible bataille contre les Apaches s'annonce...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yIQGYjNWMR0fnNLgzZWTY0JM2x9.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke)", "Maureen O'Hara (Mrs. Kathleen Yorke)", "Ben Johnson (Trooper Travis Tyree)", "Claude Jarman Jr. (Trooper Jefferson 'Jeff' Yorke)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Trooper Daniel 'Sandy' Boone)", "Chill Wills (Dr. Wilkins)", "J. Carrol Naish (Lt. Gen. Philip Sheridan)", "Victor McLaglen (Sgt. Maj. Timothy Quincannon)", "Grant Withers (U.S. Deputy Marshal)", "Sons of the Pioneers (Regimental Musicians)", "Peter Ortiz (Capt. St. Jacques)", "Steve Pendleton (Capt. Prescott)", "Karolyn Grimes (Margaret Mary)", "Alberto Morin (Lieutenant)", "Ken Curtis (Donnelly - Regimental Singer)", "Stan Jones (Sergeant)", "Fred Kennedy (Trooper Heinze)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "In this old classic John Wayne had not yet become the somewhat grumpy old tough guy as he is in many of his classical movies. He is somewhat younger and his character as Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke is a bit more emotional than the characters that he often played and there is a bit more romance in this movie as well. At least in my experience with John Wayne\u2019s movies.\r\n\r\nI was not sure if I was going to like this movie so much since it is generally put in the Romance genre as well as the Western genre. However I can without a doubt say that I did indeed like it quite a lot. It is still a good old-fashioned Western movie with brawls, fistfights and a lot of shooting. John Wayne is great in his role and a lot of the supporting characters are very enjoyable. I especially liked the old Sgt. Major and I would have liked there to be a more official scene of forgiveness between Mrs. Yorke and him. There were a lot of nice interaction between the Sgt. Major as well as between other characters in the movie. At times the movie was really funny due to these interactions between several of the rather original characters in the movie.\r\n\r\nTo my understanding John Ford was more or less forced by Republic Pictures into making this movie in exchange for his pet project, The Quiet Man, to be produced. I would say that this was a good move by the movie company even though the movie was produced as a low-budget movie even by the standards at the time.\r\n\r\nThe only thing I feel sorry about is that it was shot in black & white. As is often the case in good old Western movies there are a fair share of lovely nature scenery and I think some of that would have been much better in full color.\r\n\r\nOh by the way, one thing puzzles me. Why on earth did they make a movie poster with John Wayne without a mustache when he is having one throughout the whole movie?"}], "recommandations_id": [13909, 37347, 17664, 26593], "youtube_key": "d8ngyY96grQ"}