{"tmdb_id": 116158, "title": "Munchie", "original_title": "Munchie", "slug_title": "munchie", "date": "1992-05-15", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "No friends. The new school sucks. And Mom (Loni Anderson) is in love with a sleazy lawyer (Andrew Stevens). Pretty bleak. That\u2019s how life looks to ten-year-old Gage (Jaime McEnnan) when suddenly, into his world pops the magical Munchie (Dom DeLuise). Munchie is the ever-hungry and hilarious mysterious creature from another world who delivers flying pizzas and brings on the parties! With the help of Munchie and loony Professor Cruikshank (Arte Johnson), Gage evens the score on his school\u2019s bullies as well as his mom\u2019s boyfriend and has the greatest summer ever!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aNPRbUTDPeZ7GOF5n5vyAQWG2h6.jpg", "actors": ["Loni Anderson (Cathy Dobson)", "Andrew Stevens (Dr. Elliott Carlisle)", "Jamie McEnnan (Gage Dobson)", "Arte Johnson (Prof. Cruikshank)", "Dom DeLuise (Munchie (voice))", "Jennifer Love Hewitt (Andrea Kurtz)", "Toni Naples (Mrs. Blaylok)", "Mike Simmrin (Leon)", "Monique Gabrielle (Miss Laurel)", "Ace Mask (Principal Thornton)", "Lenny Juliano (P.E. Teacher)", "Jay Richardson (Mr. Kurtz)", "Fred Olen Ray (Piano Player)", "George Buck Flower (Rich Tramp)", "Becky LeBeau (Pizza Screamer)", "Peter Spellos (Chel)", "Robert Bullock (Captain (as Richard Parnes))", "Pamela Pond (Female Celebrity)", "Angus Scrimm (Undertaker)", "Brinke Stevens (Band Member)", "Linda Shayne (Band Member)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [231082, 42158, 33374, 93867], "youtube_key": "BMyGjQflNnc"}