{"tmdb_id": 116210, "title": "Stranger from Venus", "original_title": "Stranger from Venus", "slug_title": "stranger-from-venus", "date": "1954-08-23", "genre": ["Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "A stranger turns up at an English country pub and asks to stay, although reveals that he has no money. He even claims to have no name. The police become suspicious when he reveals details about Susan North, a local girl who has gone missing. However, when the police try to take the stranger in for questioning, they find that they are unable to lay their hands on him. Susan then turns up, revealing that she has been in a car crash and how the stranger saved and miraculously healed her. The stranger tells them that he is a visitor from the planet Venus. The authorities block off all exits in and out of the town. The stranger tells government representatives that he wants a meeting with heads of world governments for when his people arrive in their ship in four days time. As they set this up, the stranger discovers that the authorities instead plan to lay a trap to capture his people\u2019s ship \u2013 something they do not realise could have disastrous consequences for Earth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/edogWxqs5B3O1itQo11k2ghQEcW.jpg", "actors": ["Patricia Neal (Susan North)", "Helmut Dantine (The Stranger)", "Derek Bond (Arthur Walker)", "Cyril Luckham (Dr. Meinard)", "Willoughby Gray (Tom Harding)", "Marigold Russell (Gretchen Harding)", "Arthur Young (Scientist)", "Kenneth Edwards (Charles Dixon)", "David Garth (First Police Officer)", "Stanley Van Beers (General)", "Nigel Green (Second Police Officer)", "Graham Stuart (Police Chief)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [33111], "youtube_key": "notfound"}