{"tmdb_id": 11639, "title": "Dark crystal", "original_title": "The Dark Crystal", "slug_title": "dark-crystal", "date": "1982-12-17", "genre": "Fantastique", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Un autre monde, un autre temps, \u00e0 l'\u00e2ge des miracles... Jen et Kira, seuls survivants de la race des Gelfings, partent \u00e0 la recherche d'un \u00e9clat de cristal gigantesque, ab\u00eem\u00e9 dans une commotion plan\u00e9taire, qui donne force et puissance aux Mystiques, un peuple sage et pacifique. Ils doivent affronter les terribles et cruels Skekses qui tiennent ces derniers en esclavage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bBWhNpfHwNu61S3FSOZ0O1rOU5N.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Henson (Jen)", "Kathryn Mullen (Kira)", "Frank Oz (Aughra, A Keeper Of Secrets / Chamberlain)", "Dave Goelz (Fizzgig, A Friendly Monster)", "Steve Whitmire (Scientist)", "Brian Muehl (Ornamentalist)", "Stephen Garlick (Jen (voice))", "Lisa Maxwell (Kira (voice))", "Billie Whitelaw (Aughra (voice))", "Percy Edwards (Fizzgig (voice))", "Barry Dennen (Chamberlain / Podling (voice))", "Michael Kilgarriff (General (voice))", "Jerry Nelson (High Priest / Dying Emperor (voice))", "Thick Wilson (Gourmand (voice))", "John Baddeley (Historian (voice))", "David Buck (Slave Master (voice))", "Charles Collingwood (Treasurer (voice))", "Sean Barrett (Urzah (voice))", "Patrick Monckton (Podling (voice))", "Susan Westerby (Podling (voice))", "Joseph O'Conor (Narrator / Urskeks (voice))", "Deep Roy (Additional Performer)", "Kiran Shah (Additional Performer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Datapotomus", "content": "Some old things just don\u2019t really hold up.\r\n\r\nI was hoping that this movie was going to be a lot better than it was. To myself, I thought it would be great as this was one of Jim Henson\u2019s more notable films. However, the story didn\u2019t really grip me all that much. That could be because today we have a ton of these movies. The one where the is the hero who must overcome an orphan story to become the hero that they are today. \r\n\r\nHowever today, that has been all, but played. There could be the argument that it wasn\u2019t done at the time all that well, and that is why this movie is good. However, I\u2019m not a fan of that argument. As older movies can still hold up even though they have the same overarching story as the movies in the genre that succeed them. This one, I didn\u2019t feel like had any real differences except it was done with puppets. The fact that you have puppets in a movie should not be the selling point. The selling point should be that you can use those puppets to tell a better story.\r\n\r\nIn summation. It wasn\u2019t bad, but it wasn\u2019t all that good. It was right in the middle of the road for a movie."}], "recommandations_id": [11976, 11176, 13597, 847]}