{"tmdb_id": 11654, "title": "Les Pr\u00e9dateurs", "original_title": "The Hunger", "slug_title": "les-predateurs", "date": "1983-04-29", "genre": ["Horreur / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Miriam est une femme-vampire n\u00e9e en Egypte il y a 4000 ans. Elle poss\u00e8de le don de l'immortalit\u00e9 et de la jeunesse. Elle vit d\u00e9sormais \u00e0 New York, avec son compagnon John depuis 300 ans. John est alors frapp\u00e9 d'un processus acc\u00e9l\u00e9r\u00e9 de vieillissement. Afin de tenter de le sauver, Miriam rencontre la s\u00e9duisante Sarah, docteur sp\u00e9cialiste des m\u00e9canismes du vieillissement, sur laquelle elle jette son d\u00e9volu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/getxz1Q2ob0M8YvJtnnykQDmAXR.jpg", "actors": ["Catherine Deneuve (Miriam Blaylock)", "David Bowie (John Blaylock)", "Susan Sarandon (Dr. Sarah Roberts)", "Cliff DeYoung (Tom Haver)", "Dan Hedaya (Lieutenant Allegrezza)", "Beth Ehlers (Alice Cavender)", "Rufus Collins (Charlie Humphries)", "Suzanne Bertish (Phyllis)", "James Aubrey (Ron)", "Ann Magnuson (Young Woman from Disco)", "John Stephen Hill (Young Man from Disco)", "Shane Rimmer (Arthur Jelinek)", "Douglas Lambert (TV Host)", "Bessie Love (Lillybelle)", "John Pankow (1st Phone Booth Youth)", "Willem Dafoe (2nd Phone Booth Youth)", "Sophie Ward (Girl in London House)", "Philip Sayer (Boy in London House)", "Lise Hilboldt (Waiting Room Nurse)", "Michael Howe (1st Intern)", "Edward Wiley (2nd Intern)", "Richard Robles (Skater)", "George Camiller (Eumenes)", "Oke Wambu (Egyptian Slave)", "Peter Murphy (Performer in Club (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I have to admit that although I've had the DVD forever, simply based on the laurels of the beauty/acting accomplishments of David Bowie and Catherine Deneuve, and that nothing I had ever watched by Tony Scott, with the exception of 'Crimson Tide', really gripped me as being cinephilically exceptional. And no, this really isn't either. But I threw it on anyway, and especially considering it was Scott's debut, this wasn't so bad as to make Bram Stoker roll over in his grave. In fact, although perhaps a tad on the paper-thin plot side, it was quite enjoyable, an elegant and sad elegy of the pros and cons of immortality. Yes, it was more style than substance, yet that doesn't always have to be a bad thing. Here, at least, it wasn't, and I for one simply adored the ending."}], "recommandations_id": [6217, 11879, 18196, 11905], "youtube_key": "ieOW3p7dBJY"}