{"tmdb_id": 11675, "title": "Halloween, 20 ans apr\u00e8s", "original_title": "Halloween H20: 20 Years Later", "slug_title": "halloween-20-ans-apres", "date": "1998-08-05", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Vingt ans ont pass\u00e9 depuis le drame de Halloween, La Nuit des masques. Laurie Strode tente p\u00e9niblement d'oublier le pass\u00e9. Devenue directrice du college priv\u00e9 d'une petite ville, elle m\u00e8ne une vie tranquille aupr\u00e8s de son fils de dix-sept ans et de son compagnon. Pourtant Mike Myers continue \u00e0 hanter ses nuits. A la veille d'Halloween, elle se dispute violemment avec son fils qui veut participer \u00e0 la f\u00eate. Finalement elle le convainc de rester au coll\u00e8ge et de f\u00eater Halloween en petit comit\u00e9. Tout ce petit monde ignore que Mike Myers a recommenc\u00e9 \u00e0 assassiner.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yeP9VD8sNoWOTNHt4P0cEAkDiyK.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Lee Curtis (Laurie Strode / Keri Tate)", "Josh Hartnett (John Tate)", "Adam Arkin (Will Brennan)", "Michelle Williams (Molly Cartwell)", "Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Jimmy Howell)", "LL Cool J (Ronald 'Ronny' Jones)", "Jodi Lyn O'Keefe (Sarah Wainthrope)", "Adam Hann-Byrd (Charles 'Charlie' Deveraux)", "Janet Leigh (Norma Watson)", "Branden Williams (Tony Allegre)", "Matt Winston (Detective Matt Sampson)", "Beau Billingslea (Detective 'Fitz' Fitzsimmons)", "Larisa Miller (Claudia)", "Emmalee Thompson (Casey)", "John Cassini (Cop #1)", "Jody Wood (Cop #2)", "Chris Durand (Michael Myers)", "Tom Kane (Dr. Sam Loomis (Voice))", "Nancy Stephens (Marion Chambers)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Brotherly love just went down another notch.\r\n\r\nIt's 20 years since Michael Myers Haddonfield, and in particular Laurie Srode, his sister. Laurie faked her death and is now a divorced mom with a teenage son. Michael is on his way to finish the job he couldn't finish two decades ago.\r\n\r\nA true and honest Halloween/Michael Myers film this one, there's the distinct feeling that the people behind the series wanted to show that they remember what made the series popular in the first place. It's still the stalk and slash formula of course, but Jamie Lee Curtis returns and her character is nicely written. She's obviously still haunted by events passed and needs a stiff few drinks from time to time to keep the edge off. Yet she's in charge of a private school and is a stern but adoring mother to her son (Josh Hartnett). And she has a boyfriend (Adam Arkin) who cares for her.\r\n\r\nThe first half of film sets up Laurie's new world, while we jump back and forth observing Michael on his journey to final destination. Once the second half revs up, it's the scare time as Laurie's son and his friends come under great peril, which we know will lead to a final confrontation with Laurie. The kills strike hard, the suspense is ramped up, and then it's a frenetic action based finale capped off by a coup de grace of some distinction. All in all it's just a very good and proper Halloween/Myers movie. It didn't reinvent anything, it just turned the wheel full circle and arrived at a fitting closure. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Of course we all know now that _H20_ went on to have a sequel, a reboot, a sequel to the reboot, and another _Halloween_ film coming out next year, but props to _Twenty Years Later_ for at least *trying* to end the franchise. It's nice sometimes to watch a horror go out on something other than a final-scare/cliff-hanger. Also notable for being the first Michael Myers movie that's any fun. Not a great movie, but credit where credit's due.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Jamie Lee Curtis returns and the franchise redeems itself from the crappy part 6***\r\n\r\nLaurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) is living in Northern California under an assumed name as a dean of a remote private school. It\u2019s Halloween season and her son (Josh Hartnett) is turning 17. Will her evil brother show-up to wreak terror once again? Of course he will. Adam Arkin, LL Cool J and Janet Leigh have side roles.\r\n\r\n\u201cHalloween 4\u201d (1988) was great and IMHO even better than the original 1978 slasher while \u201cHalloween 5\u201d (1989) was good, although it added a little campy humor. The next film, \u201cHalloween: The Curse of Michael Myers\u201d (1995), was surprisingly a mess with weak characters, lousy story development and stale & pedestrian jump scares. So I didn\u2019t know what to expect with 1998\u2019s \u201cHalloween H2O: 20 Years Later.\u201d\r\n\r\nThe movie starts in Illinois with a glimmer of humor and the final scene of the character played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt made me bust out laughing. From there, the tone turns dramatic as events switch to the posh boarding school in California. The characters are confidently established and we feel we know them as Michael Myers stages his assault.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m glad the creators decided to finally switch the setting from Haddonfield, Illinois, to a wholly different locale across the country. Haddonfield was getting tired. The plot is similar to \u201cI Still Know What You Did Last Summer,\u201d which was released a few months later. \u201cH2O\u201d is arguably the second best sequel in the series after 4 and is at least on par with 5.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s great to have Jamie Lee as the \u2018final girl\u2019 again. Michelle Williams also appears on the female front. She was only 17 during shooting and cute as can be. The attractive Jodi Lyn O'Keefe is also on hand.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 26 minutes and was shot in Southern Cal (La Puente, Silver City, Chatsworth, Calabasas, Universal City and Los Angeles).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [11442, 10987, 11357, 11361]}