{"tmdb_id": 116783, "title": "Sit Tight", "original_title": "Sit Tight", "slug_title": "sit-tight", "date": "1931-02-28", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Winnie Lightner is the head of a health clinic and has Joe E. Brown as one of her employees. Brown is a wrestler named JoJo and he is forced to enter the ring and face down a musclebound masked opponent (Frank S. Hagney). Making matters worse, the masked marauder is convinced that his wife has been fooling around with JoJo. JoJo is knocked out early in the proceedings, whereupon he dreams he's a sultan surrounded by harem girls. A romantic subplot involves Paul Gregory and Claudia Dell. Gregory works for Dell's father and Dell asks her father to give Gregory a promotion so that she can spend more time with him. When Gregory refuses to be promoted without earning the position, she threatens to have him fired and Gregory quits his job. Gregory attempts to start a new career as a championship wrestler and is trained by Lightner and Brown. When Dell finds out about this, she attempts to stop him and asks for his forgiveness. She pleads with him to not fight but he has already promised...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/U92mPx3mosDCSOlzrO635ykBM3.jpg", "actors": ["Winnie Lightner (Winnie)", "Joe E. Brown (Jojo)", "Paul Gregory (Tom)", "Claudia Dell (Sally)", "Lotti Loder (French Girl)", "Hobart Bosworth (Dunlap)", "Frank Hagney (Olaf)", "Snitz Edwards (Charley)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}