{"tmdb_id": 11707, "title": "La Corde raide", "original_title": "Tightrope", "slug_title": "la-corde-raide", "date": "1984-08-17", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "L'inspecteur Wes Block, de la brigade criminelle de New Orleans est dans une situation tres inconfortable. Un maniaque assassine avec sadisme des prostitu\u00e9es, en d\u00e9jouant \u00e9trangement les pi\u00e8ges que lui tend la police. Hors, le fait que Wes connaisse les victimes et soit parfois agite par d'etranges pulsions intrigue diablement ses collegues...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3MKGOGgd5xcgfLqRTpaGwneV17T.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Capt. Wes Block)", "Genevi\u00e8ve Bujold (Beryl Thibodeaux)", "Dan Hedaya (Det. Molinari)", "Alison Eastwood (Amanda Block)", "Jenny Beck (Penny Block)", "Marco St. John (Leander Rolfe)", "Jamie Rose (Melanie Silber)", "Bill Holliday (Police Chief)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Doppleganger disease.\r\n\r\nTightrope is directed by Richard Tuggle and Clint Eastwood, Tuggle writes the screenplay. It stars Eastwood, Genevieve Bujold, Dan Hedaya, Alison Eastwood and Rod Masterson. Music is by Lennie Niehaus and cinematography by Bruce Surtees.\r\n\r\nNew Orleans and Detective Wes Block is plunged into a hunt for a rapist serial killer that brings out his own deviant peccadilloes. \r\n\r\nOne of Eastwood\u2019s best movies also happens to be one of his most under appreciated, the actor challenging himself to explore a darker characterisation than the iconographic ones he was most famed for. Wes Block is a damaged man, a divorced father of two girls, who he adores but they are uncomfortably at arms length due to his work. He\u2019s afraid of affection, to be touched in a gentle manner by a member of the opposite sex, preferring to indulge in seamy sex by way of prostitutes who frequent the dark abodes of Orleans\u2019 French Quarter. \r\n\r\nIf you knew what\u2019s ahead\u2026\r\n\r\nEnter the doppelganger effect, as a mysterious serial killer is at large murdering the ladies of the night that Wes takes his pleasure with, the guilt factor hanging heavy on his haunted shoulders. As Wes tries to bring down the killer, he is battling to realign his mindset about the female sex, his daughters and also Beryl Thibodeaux (Bujold), the latter the rape counsellor who was once his sparring adversary, but is now a potential lover if Wes can put everything back on an even keel.\r\n\r\nTuggle, Eastwood and Surtees bring plenty of film noir touches to their picture. Surtees\u2019 photography is strong in colour but dark in shading, perfectly embodying the seamy side of The Big Easy. Between them, actor and director fill out this fascinating tale with classic noirish scenes. A Mardi Gras warehouse is eerie, as is a chase through a cemetery, then there\u2019s clowns and balloons, things that are associated with childish fun but so often in noirville carry a sinister edge. The sleazy dives that Wes frequents are foreboding places of sin, more so when the killer is stalking his prey. While a railroad location is used to great effect as well.\r\n\r\nIt has some problems, Hedaya is wasted and the Wes and Beryl relationship is telegraphed a mile away. While the formula of such movies inevitably means the culmination of tale is no surprise, but the journey is a dark and interesting one and Tightrope is a damn fine thriller. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Dramatic, melancholic Eastwood detective flick set in New Orleans*** \r\n\r\nA divorced detective in New Orleans (Clint Eastwood) juggles raising two daughters, pursing a serial rapist/killer, cultivating a romantic relationship (Genevi\u00e8ve Bujold) and dealing with his own dark side, which he realizes is too close for comfort to the killer.\r\n\r\n\u201cTightrope\u201d (1984) is another Eastwood detective flick, but it\u2019s not as entertaining and compelling as his Dirty Harry films or \u201cThe Gauntlet\u201d (1977). It\u2019s darker, more dramatic and brooding, not to mention a tad sleazy. This may bring to mind the original \u201cDirty Harry\u201d (1971), but the subdued tone is closer to \u201cBlood Work\u201d (2002).\r\n\r\nThe title refers to a person walking the tightrope between his/her good side and bad side.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 54 minutes and was shot entirely in New Orleans.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [17689, 16969, 15417, 10651], "youtube_key": "SZiK6va_FTc"}