{"tmdb_id": 117263, "title": "La Chute de la Maison Blanche", "original_title": "Olympus Has Fallen", "slug_title": "la-chute-de-la-maison-blanche", "date": "2013-03-20", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Mike Banning, ancien garde du corps du pr\u00e9sident des \u00c9tats-Unis, s\u2019occupe d\u00e9sormais des basses besognes des services secrets. Lorsqu\u2019un commando nord-cor\u00e9en lance une attaque sur la Maison Blanche, prenant en otage le pr\u00e9sident am\u00e9ricain et son fils, il se retrouve seul \u00e0 pouvoir leur venir en aide. Deux ans apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 tenu responsable de la mort accidentelle de la Premi\u00e8re Dame, il va pouvoir faire preuve de sa loyaut\u00e9 et de sa bravoure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w1UC7rgc84QgfODl1QF5B4K06At.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (Mike Banning)", "Aaron Eckhart (President Benjamin Asher)", "Angela Bassett (Lynne Jacobs)", "Morgan Freeman (Speaker Trumbull)", "Radha Mitchell (Leah)", "Rick Yune (Kang)", "Dylan McDermott (Forbes)", "Finley Jacobsen (Connor)", "Tory Kittles (Jones)", "Shanna Forrestall (Mary Jane)", "Melissa Leo (Secretary of Defense Ruth McMillan)", "Cole Hauser (Roma)", "Phil Austin (Vice President Charlie Rodriguez)", "Robert Forster (General Edward Clegg)", "Ashley Judd (Margaret Asher)", "Han Soto (Dr. Guildes)", "Shane Land (Davis)", "Sam Medina (Yu)", "Malana Lea (Lim)", "Keong Sim (Lee Tae-Woo)", "Arden Cho (Korean Sniper)", "Sean O'Bryan (Ray Monroe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "reverenddr", "content": "Olympus Has Fallen is, for all practical purposes, a modern remake of Die Hard that replaces Bruce Willis with Gerard Butler and Nakatomi Tower with the White House. Butler puts in a respectable performance as Mike Banning. Director Antoine Fuqua did as well as could be done with the story, and some gripping action makes it almost watchable. But the downfall of the film was its lazy writing.\r\n\r\nAlmost no part of Olympus Has Fallen is remotely believable. A single airplane penetrates into protected airspace around Washington D.C. and riddles the White House with bullets. It takes 15 minutes for armed reinforcements to arrive. The President of the United States risks the annihilation of a peaceful ally nation to prevent an acquaintance of his from being beaten up. I could go on. And on.\r\n\r\nFor this reason, the movie is somewhat painful to watch. You will certainly find yourself complaining loudly at the screen. And yet the action is riveting. Watch this movie, then try to forget it. 5.5/10."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Out of the wealth of \"_Die Hard in an (X)_\" movies that are on offer, \"_Die Hard in the White House_\" is an.... okay one. The story is old hat and the CGI is awful, but the sequence of the initial attack on the White House isn't just good, it's great.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [117251, 72559, 47964, 76640]}