{"tmdb_id": 117711, "title": "Kung Fu Killer 2", "original_title": "Kung Fu Killer 2", "slug_title": "kung-fu-killer-2", "date": "2008-08-17", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "This is the second part of the kung fu killer.  China is in unrest, as the Republic falls prey to Warlords like Kahn Xin, who holds an entire province hostage to the opium trade\u2014and destroys all who oppose him. Only the revered Wudang monks dare stand in Kahn\u2019s way in order to protect the very soul of China. Among them is the Westerner, White Crane, a spiritual master of the martial arts and protector of the innocent. Revenge is not in Crane\u2019s heart\u2014until a mercenary army storms the temple and slaughters the beloved female Grandmaster Myling. Out of the ashes of the temple ruins, Crane rises\u2014with vengeance in his heart. Crane comes upon Jane Marshall, a New York lounge singer and her gangster boss Bingo Quo. But it\u2019s Bingo\u2019s dangerous professional ties to Kahn that draw both Crane and Jane deep into the Warlord\u2019s lair. Now torn between the spiritual Wudang teaching and the cold-blooded life of an assassin, Crane is about the cross the fine line between justice and revenge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bXa5m5Mh8xtkctO6HS6N0lQXU3Y.jpg", "actors": ["David Carradine (Crane)", "Daryl Hannah (Jane)", "Lim Kay Tong (Khan)", "Lim Yu-Beng (Bai)", "Jimmy Taenaka (Bingo)", "Osric Chau (Lang Han)", "Christian Lee (Tong)", "Yan Yan Wu (Lian)", "Cheng Pei-Pei (Myling)", "Gary Peterman (Hoggins)", "Nic Rhind (Peter Marshall)", "Rosalind Pho (Wei)", "Vasilios E. (Sergenov)", "Yin Long Han (Toad)", "Nolan Willard (Young Crane)", "Gilbert Kupsami (Beresov)", "James Z. Feng (Trader)", "Yong Li Xiao (Young Bai)", "Luo Cai Xia (Kahn's Female Servant)", "Anya (Loo)", "Ling Yun Bai (Beggar Lady)", "Karen Bergen (Crane's Mother)", "Li-Tong Hsu (Head Siren)", "Jun Cheng Hong (Hong)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}