{"tmdb_id": 117876, "title": "The Greater Good", "original_title": "The Greater Good", "slug_title": "the-greater-good", "date": "2011-04-03", "genre": ["Documentaire / Drame"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "The film looks behind the fear, hype and politics that polarize people into emotionally charged pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine camps with no room for middle ground. Verite stories of individuals and their families, whose lives have been forever changed by vaccine choices, interwoven with interviews from leading experts in the field, will re-frame the vaccine debate and offer, for the first time, the opportunity to have a rational, scientific and factual discussion on how to create a more effective vaccine program in America today.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aTCThgBcQoFzVfEPkhka4DWpdXR.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "photodd", "content": "A new documentary about childhood immunizations, \u201cThe Greater Good,\u201d could intensify debate around the potential dangers of vaccines. The film, which premiered Saturday at the Dallas International Film Festival, aims to create \u201ca rational discussion\u201d about vaccine safety, according to producer and co-director Chris Pilaro, who worked previously as a producer on such Sundance documentaries as \u201cBlue Vinyl\u201d and \u201cEverything\u2019s Cool.\u201d\r\n\r\nPilaro immediately rejects the notion that \u201cThe Greater Good\u201d might be labeled \u201canti-vaccine.\u201d \u201cThe media has said that if you \u2018question\u2019 [the current status quo] you are anti-vaccine. But all of the doctors, researchers and scientists in our film are pro-vaccine. You should not be considered anti-vaccine to question the safety of any pharmaceutical product.\u201d\r\n\r\nMany experts have debunked some of the questions about vaccine safety. Early this year, an article and editorial published in the British Medical Journal said that an influential but now-discredited study that provoked fears around the globe that childhood vaccinations caused autism was based largely on falsified data.\r\n\r\nThe film includes interviews with strong current vaccine advocates, such as Dr. Paul Offit (Director of the Vaccine Education Center at The Children\u2019s Hospital of Philadelphia), Dr. Norman W. Baylor (Director of the FDA\u2019s Office of Vaccines Research and Review), and Dr. Melinda Wharton (Deputy Director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases).\r\n\r\nBut their voices are far outnumbered by those calling for further oversight of vaccinations, such as Dr. Bob Sears (author of \u201cThe Vaccine Book\u201d), and Barbara Loe Fisher, co-founder and president of the National Vaccine Information Center, as well as families who claim to be victims of vaccine injuries. The film focuses on three such emotional stories: of a teenage girl whose life deteriorated after taking the HPV vaccine; a boy who developed autism subsequent to being vaccinated; and a family whose infant died shortly after being vaccinated.\r\n\r\n\u201cWe feel we have given voice to a population that isn\u2019t regularly represented in the media,\u201d says Pilaro, defending the choice of subjects. \u201cWe also did contact a number of families with children who had been injured by vaccine-preventable diseases, but none of them would film with us.\u201d\r\n\r\n\u201cThe goal was not to scare people away from vaccinations,\u201d Pilaro continues. \u201cWe need to have the ability to ask these hard questions without being shunned.\u201d\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Greater Good\u201d is currently seeking a deal for broadcast or theatrical distribution. It plays next at the Arizona International Film Festival on April 12.\r\n\r\nBy Anthony Kaufman\r\n\r\nThe Wall Street Journal."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}