{"tmdb_id": 117978, "title": "Replicas", "original_title": "In Their Skin", "slug_title": "replicas", "date": "2012-11-09", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort accidentelle de leur fille de 6 ans, la famille Hughes quitte pour un temps sa vie urbaine et fr\u00e9n\u00e9tique pour trouver le calme et le recueillement dans une maison de campagne, au milieu de nulle part. \u00c0 leur arriv\u00e9e, ils font la connaissance de leurs nouveaux voisins qu'ils d\u00e9cident d'inviter \u00e0 d\u00eener. Mais petit \u00e0 petit, la soir\u00e9e va se transformer en cauchemar \u00e9veill\u00e9 car cette famille n'est pas tout \u00e0 fait comme les autres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bqJj6ONRBkiesAPBPlXJZd2OZFH.jpg", "actors": ["Selma Blair (Mary)", "Joshua Close (Mark)", "James D'Arcy (Bobby)", "Rachel Miner (Jane)", "Quinn Lord (Brendon)", "Alex Ferris (Jared)", "Matt Bellefleur (Toby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Replicants.\r\n\r\nOK! From the off I have to say I'm hardly the right person to take as gospel as regards a review for yet another home invasion movie. I have grown increasingly jaded with this sub-genre of horror, it seems that every year a handful of these type of movies get trundled out and suckers like me keep watching in the hope of finding a gem amongst the rough rocks.\r\n\r\nIn Their Skin isn't a gem, in fact it's not exactly a must see frightener, but it at least tries to add something to an already stagnated sub-genre of film. Namely an identity theft angle that veers away from the usual \"oh they are just psychos or hoodies\" line of thinking.\r\n\r\nThere is a raft of reviewers out there in internet land drawing comparisons to this being a Funny Games knock off. Now regardless of how I personally feel about Hanneke's work, is that what people are doing now? Fans of his film(s) expecting a Selma Blair, Joshua Close, Rachel Miner and James D'Arcy starring movie to take home invasion horror to a new level? When it's directed by an unknown? Really? \r\n\r\nFor an hour writer and directer Jeremy Power Regimbal favours the slow burn approach, and it works because the cast are very committed, and in the case of adult villains D'Arcy and Miner there's some bona fide creepiness about their respective mannerisms. It's only when things shift away from rumbling unease into psycho/sexual territory that the fledgling director loses control and sinks to formula conventions to get his shock and awe.\r\n\r\nNot a must see, but in the context of boorish fodder like The Strangers, or higher budgeted fluff like The Purge, then this is well worth a look by those not expecting a whole new dimension of home invasion horror. It does have merits that doesn't waste your time, and beside which, James D'Arcy in this looks uncannily like Norman Bates, so that has to warrant a look! 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211065, 177552, 174678, 287524]}