{"tmdb_id": 11797, "title": "Vampire, vous avez dit vampire?", "original_title": "Fright Night", "slug_title": "vampire-vous-avez-dit-vampire", "date": "1985-08-02", "genre": "Horreur / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Charlie Brewster est un adolescent sans histoire. Il partage sa vie entre sa m\u00e8re, sa petite amie, ses copains et ses s\u00e9ries pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9es \u00e0 la t\u00e9l\u00e9vision sur les films d'horreur de s\u00e9rie B. Tout va \u00eatre bouleverse lorsqu'il va d\u00e9couvrir que son nouveau et s\u00e9duisant voisin est un monsieur qui a les dents longues. Qui va croire Charley en 1986?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fJgpa8bVwCQrjBvotTV6iOQCGmR.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Sarandon (Jerry Dandrige)", "William Ragsdale (Charley Brewster)", "Amanda Bearse (Amy Peterson)", "Roddy McDowall (Peter Vincent)", "Stephen Geoffreys ('Evil' Ed Thompson)", "Jonathan Stark (Billy Cole)", "Dorothy Fielding (Judy Brewster)", "Art Evans (Detective Lennox)", "Nick Savage (Bouncer #1)", "Heidi Sorenson (Hooker)", "Bob Corff (Jonathan)", "Ernie Holmes (Bouncer #2)", "Stewart Stern (Cook)", "Irina Irvine (Teenage Girl)", "Pamela Brown (Miss Nina)", "Chris Hendrie (Newscaster)", "Prince Hughes (Bouncer #3 (as Prince A. Hughes))", "Christopher Lee (Dracula (archive footage))", "Tina Benez (Crossdressing Vampire (uncredited))", "Joy Michelle Moore (High School Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Feeling like a time warp now, but oh so much fun and frights.\r\n\r\nViewing this for the first time in 20 years really put a smile on my face, now I know that for after having just watched a horror film that may not be the best guideline you will ever read, but the film has it's tongue firmly in cheek and it doesn't come up short on the thrill factor.\r\n\r\nYou will read other reviews stating that the film is a little cheesy and a little dated, and sure, in this day and age of gorno and ultimate slash kill death murder movies, the film can be judged as tame alongside the big box office ghoul movies. But from a personal point of view I got such a kick out of watching a good honest genre piece that shows love, care, and entertainment rolled into one movie. Perhaps I'm the old fart who is so desensitised to blood horror these days? Perhaps I live in the past too much? So what? It matters not because as long as there are delightful genre pieces like this to remind me that the 80s horror crowd had some knowing style, then I'm a happy bunny.\r\n\r\nCute teens embroiled in Vampire next door plot is about the make up of the film. No one believes the central guy of the piece (William Ragsdale as Charley Brewster), but he convinces TV Vampire Slayer Peter Vincent (Roddy McDowell) to join his quest to rid the neighbourhood of the murdering menace living next door. The film has the love interest in peril (Amanda Bearse), it has the grossly annoying best friend (Stephen Geoffreys) - and boy is he annoying! And it has all the homages to the horror classics gone by you could wish to have.\r\n\r\nSuch guts and gusto went into making this film I felt like clapping at the end. It's aware of the horror competition when you catch some of the dialogue, so it should never be allowed to become a perceived cheesy relic, because this is 1985 and it rocks for those that remember when horror had a glint in its eye instead of a sabre through its head. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18086, 1547, 11415, 10925]}