{"tmdb_id": 118083, "title": "Promises in the Dark", "original_title": "Promises in the Dark", "slug_title": "promises-in-the-dark", "date": "1979-11-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "A young doctor, Alexandra Kendall, seeking change while recovering from a recent heartbreak, moves from Chicago, Illinois to Hartford, Connecticut. She joins the West Hartford medical practice of Dr. Walter McInterny, a doctor approaching retirement age. 17-year-old Elizabeth \"Buffy\" Koenig is a precocious student at West Hartford's William Hall High School. Her boyfriend Gerry is a football player at Hall High. While Dr. McInterny is away on vacation, longtime patient Buffy hurts her leg while harmlessly kicking a soccer ball during Gerry's nearby football practice. At the hospital, Dr. Kendall finds that not only is the leg broken, but the bone was also weakened by cancer. Dr. Kendall treats Buffy and the two develop a bond that extends beyond the doctor-patient relationship; Dr. Kendall is drawn to Buffy's humor and raw honesty.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zayVrHJE3NJOgn1IYVf0DghBViB.jpg", "actors": ["Marsha Mason (Dr. Alexandra Kendall)", "Ned Beatty (Bud Koenig)", "Susan Clark (Fran Koenig)", "Michael Brandon (Dr. Jim Sandman)", "Kathleen Beller (Elizabeth (Buffy) Koenig)", "Donald Moffat (Dr. Walter McInerny)", "Bonnie Bartlett (Nurse Farber)", "James Noble (Dr. Blankenship)", "Paul Clemens (Gerry Hulin)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}