{"tmdb_id": 118123, "title": "The Raconteurs -  Live at Montreux", "original_title": "The Raconteurs -  Live at Montreux", "slug_title": "the-raconteurs-live-at-montreux", "date": "2008-07-07", "genre": "Musique", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tpjbOFNjxDlDiP6RcMx6E0jK2Zj.jpg", "actors": ["Jack White (Himself)", "Brendan Benson (Himself)", "Jack Lawrence (Himself)", "Patrick Keeler (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pardu", "content": "This might be one of the 10 best concert dvd's/Blu-Rays I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot. If you have any inclination to buy this DVD/B-R, take my word: you will not regret this purchase.\r\n\r\nI am of the opinion that The Raconteurs is probably the best of Jack White's projects - just a personal leaning/favorite, given the pedigrees of everyone in the band, so I was especially happy to see this come out, given that they only have (basically) two albums out (plus some loose singles & b-sides). This is primo stuff - this show is their 2008 concert at the Montreux Jazz Festival, when they were touring \"Consolers of the Lonely\". I saw them twice in L.A. on that tour, and this concert is at least as good as the two (stellar) shows that I saw. It's a tight hour and a half consisting of 16 songs from the two albums, and I have to say it's a great set list, containing pretty much the key cuts that most Raconteurs fans will want to hear. The best stuff here is the EPIC smoldering version of \"Blue Veins\" where they really let the song breathe (compared to the album version - this was a highlight of the live shows I saw), \"You Don't Understand Me\", \"Steady As She Goes\" and my personal favorite Raconteurs cut, \"Top Yourself\" (which Jack has been doing on his solo tour). But truthfully, there is literally not a bad cut here, and the whole band looks like they're having a blast (Brendan sounds great, and Jack L. and Patrick really anchor the sound, plus there are keys/violin too), playing energetically, stretching out a bit and bringing something extra to the live versions that weren't on the records. Start to finish, a great show. I would recommend the blu-ray, which I watched w/ DTS sound on a 100\" screen - beautiful crisp hi-def picture, nice editing and good camerawork, all of which will make you think you were there. If you are a fan of Jack White's projects, or the Raconteurs in particular, this is essential, no question about it. Here's hoping he gets some comparable-quality White Stripes or \"Blunderbuss\" concerts out on Blu-ray.\r\n\r\nIf you end up liking this disc, check out some of the other Montreux concert discs - the Tori Amos, Mink Deville and Van Morrison ones are standouts, and there are many fine performances now available in the series."}], "recommandations_id": []}