{"tmdb_id": 11832, "title": "Le Festin de Babette", "original_title": "Babettes g\u00e6stebud", "slug_title": "le-festin-de-babette", "date": "1987-08-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 la sordide r\u00e9pression de la Commune en 1871, Babette d\u00e9barque un soir d'orage sur la c\u00f4te sauvage du Jutland au Danemark. Elle devient la domestique des deux tr\u00e8s puritaines filles du pasteur et s'int\u00e8gre facilement dans l'aust\u00e8re petite communaut\u00e9. Mais apr\u00e8s quatorze ann\u00e9es d'exil, elle re\u00e7oit des fonds inesp\u00e9r\u00e9s qui vont lui permettre de rentrer dans sa patrie. Elle propose avant son d\u00e9part de pr\u00e9parer avec cet argent un diner fran\u00e7ais pour f\u00eater dignement le centi\u00e8me anniversaire de la naissance du d\u00e9funt pasteur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4slamLX3h6EMyXAoBJ3G0Iu5Qfs.jpg", "actors": ["St\u00e9phane Audran (Babette Hersant)", "Bodil Kjer (Filippa)", "Birgitte Federspiel (Martine)", "Jarl Kulle (Gen. Lorens L\u00f6wenhielm)", "Jean-Philippe Lafont (Achille Papin)", "Bibi Andersson (Svensk hofdame)", "Ghita N\u00f8rby (Narrator)", "Asta Esper Hagen Andersen (Anna)", "Thomas Antoni (Svensk Lieutenant)", "Hanne Stensgaard (Young Filippa)", "Vibeke Hastrup (Young Martine)", "Gudmar Wivesson (Young Lorens L\u00f6wenhielm)", "Bendt Rothe (Old Nielsen)", "Gert Bastian (Poor Man)", "Viggo Bentzon (Fisherman in Rowboat)", "Lisbeth Movin (The Widow)", "Preben Lerdorff Rye (The Captain)", "Cay Kristiansen (Poul)", "Axel Str\u00f8bye (The Coach)", "Erik Petersen (Erik)", "Ebbe Rode (Christopher)", "Ebba With (L\u00f6wenhielm's Aunt)", "Pouel Kern (The Minister)", "Finn Nielsen (Kobmand)", "Holger Perfort (Karlsen)", "Therese H\u00f8jgaard Christensen (Martha)", "Lars Lohmann (Fisherman)", "Tine Miehe-Renard (L\u00f6wenhielm's Wife)", "Tina Kiberg (Filippa)", "Else Petersen (Solveig)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Based on a Karen Blixen story, <i>Babette's Feast</i> is a heartwarming tale of generosity in 19th century Denmark. As the film opens, we are introduced to Martine and Philippa, daughters of a charismatic preacher in a tiny Jutland village. Dedicated to their father's work, they turn down the courtship of a Danish officer and a French musician. Decades later, the musician sends them Babette, a refugee from the destruction of the Paris Commune, in the hope that the sisters can shelter her and employ her as a maid. When she wins an annual lottery, Babette decides to put on a feast for her employers, but no one expects the depths of selflessness she goes to.\r\n\r\n<i>Babette's Feast</i> is entertaining enough, and it gives an idea of just how dull and messy life in Jutland was at this time. The details of the feast will make you salivate and dust off the French cookbook, and certainly the ending will make you say \"Aww\" in spite of how clumsily it's put on film. Otherwise the acting isn't too revelatory, and the humour is pretty basic (the same joke is even used twice). One professional reviewer said this doesn't aim much higher than a television movie, and I'd have to agree."}], "recommandations_id": [11174, 42987, 14794, 38442]}