{"tmdb_id": 118340, "title": "Les Gardiens de la Galaxie", "original_title": "Guardians of the Galaxy", "slug_title": "les-gardiens-de-la-galaxie", "date": "2014-07-30", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction / Aventure"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Peter Quill est un aventurier traqu\u00e9 par tous les chasseurs de primes pour avoir vol\u00e9 un myst\u00e9rieux globe convoit\u00e9 par le puissant Ronan, dont les agissements menacent l\u2019univers tout entier. Lorsqu\u2019il d\u00e9couvre le v\u00e9ritable pouvoir de ce globe et la menace qui p\u00e8se sur la galaxie, il conclut une alliance fragile avec quatre aliens disparates : Rocket, un raton laveur fin tireur, Groot, un humano\u00efde semblable \u00e0 un arbre, l\u2019\u00e9nigmatique et mortelle Gamora, et Drax le Destructeur, qui ne r\u00eave que de vengeance. En les ralliant \u00e0 sa cause, il les convainc de livrer un ultime combat aussi d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 soit-il pour sauver ce qui peut encore l\u2019\u00eatre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y31QB9kn3XSudA15tV7UWQ9XLuW.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Pratt (Peter Quill / Star-Lord)", "Zoe Saldana (Gamora)", "Dave Bautista (Drax the Destroyer)", "Vin Diesel (Groot (voice))", "Bradley Cooper (Rocket (voice))", "Lee Pace (Ronan the Accuser)", "Michael Rooker (Yondu Udonta)", "Karen Gillan (Nebula)", "Djimon Hounsou (Korath)", "John C. Reilly (Corpsman Dey)", "Glenn Close (Nova Prime)", "Benicio del Toro (Taneleer Tivan / The Collector)", "Laura Haddock (Meredith Quill)", "Sean Gunn (Kraglin / On Set Rocket)", "Peter Serafinowicz (Denarian Saal)", "Christopher Fairbank (The Broker)", "Krystian Godlewski (On Set Groot)", "Wyatt Oleff (Young Quill)", "Gregg Henry (Grandpa)", "Janis Ahern (Meredith's Mother)", "Solomon Mousley (Meredith's Brother)", "Lindsay Morton (Meredith's Best Friend)", "Robert Firth (Dr. Fitzgibbon)", "Melia Kreiling (Bereet)", "Tom Proctor (Horuz)", "Nick Holmes (Horuz' Mate)", "Max Wrottesley (Sacrificed Nova Corpsman)", "Stan Lee (Xandarian Ladies' Man)", "Nicole Alexandra Shipley (Pretty Xandarian)", "Sharif Atkins (Nova Arresting Pilot)", "Brendan Fehr (Corpsman Dey's Partner)", "Tomas Arana (Kree Ambassador)", "Mikaela Hoover (Nova Prime's Assistant)", "Emmett Scanlan (Head Riot Guard)", "Dominic Grant (Angry Guard)", "Spencer Wilding (Mean Guard)", "Alison Lintott (Sad Woman with Horns)", "Alexis Rodney (Moloka Dar)", "Nathan Fillion (Monstrous Inmate)", "Keeley Forsyth (Mottled Prisoner)", "Frank Gilhooley (Burly Prisoner)", "Alexis Denisof (The Other)", "Enzo Cilenti (Watchtower Guard)", "Richard Katz (One Legged Prisoner)", "Enoch Frost (Rifle Guard)", "Ronan Summers (\"Drop the Leg\" Guard)", "Ophelia Lovibond (Carina)", "Laura Ortiz (Tortured Pink Girl)", "Marama Corlett (Pit Boss)", "Rosie Jones (Lady of the Boot of Jemiah)", "Abidemi Sobande (Lady of the Boot of Jemiah)", "Alex Rose (Lady of the Boot of Jemiah)", "Ekaterina Zalitko (Lady of the Boot of Jemiah)", "Emily Redding (Lady of the Boot of Jemiah)", "Fred (Cosmo the Space Dog)", "Stephen Blackehart (Knowhere Dispatcher)", "Jennifer Moylan-Taylor (Sad Krylorian Girl)", "Bruce Mackinnon (One-Eyed Ravager)", "Ralph Ineson (Ravager Pilot)", "Rob Zombie (Ravager Navigator (voice))", "Naomi Ryan (Nova Centurion)", "John Brotherton (Nova Starblaster Pilot)", "Graham Shiels (Alien Nova Pilot)", "James Gunn (Maskless Sakaaran)", "Douglas Robson (Maskless Sakaaran)", "Rachel Cullen (Corpsman Dey's Wife)", "Isabella Poynton (Corpsman Dey's Daughter)", "Imogen Poynton (Corpsman Dey's Daughter)", "David Yarovesky (Goth Ravager)", "Miriam Lucia (Crying Xandarian Citizen)", "Josh Brolin (Thanos (uncredited))", "Lloyd Kaufman (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Tyler Bates (Ravager Pilot (uncredited))", "Seth Green (Howard the Duck (voice) (uncredited))", "Jozef Aoki (Kyln Prisoner (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Binawoo", "content": "This movie was so AWESOME! I loved it all and i had a bad day before watching it but it turned it around. I love action packed movies and this was great."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Really funny and with great spcial effects. Probably, one of the movies not to miss this year."}, {"pseudo": "Eazyryda", "content": "I \u039bM G\u042f\u04e8\u04e8\u01ac!"}, {"pseudo": "Grant English", "content": "This was a pleasant surprise of a movie, full of great humor as well as an intriguing story.  It's quick and zany at times.  Think <em>Psych</em> in space (back when Psych was funny).  The pace is quick and the story line is easy to pick up and follow.\r\n\r\nWhat makes the film work is something that early Lucas and Joss Whedon understand:  great sci-fi movies are really westerns at heart.  There is a relationship with nature, a broken, compromised hero, a deep necessity for teamwork, and the story happens OUT there in the wild.  <em>Guardians of the Galaxy</em> has ALL of this.  \r\n\r\n<em>Guardians</em> is already set up for a sequel so we will see if Marvel can continue the magic.  It's a great addition to the Marvel universe."}, {"pseudo": "Travis Bell", "content": "Like most of the reviews here, I agree that Guardians of the Galaxy was an absolute hoot. Guardians never takes itself too seriously which makes this movie a whole lot of fun.\r\n\r\nThe cast was perfectly chosen and even though two of the main five were CG, knowing who voiced and acted alongside them completely filled out these characters.\r\n\r\nGuardians of the Galaxy is one of those rare complete audience pleasers. Good fun for everyone!"}, {"pseudo": "djgri", "content": "The thing about this film when I first saw it, was the incredible juxtaposition of sadness, humor and courage. Great acting! The music is superb. That Sony Walkman must be the best bit of brand advertising ever engaged by a company within a film. The film should appeal to a broad range of viewers."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is more of a comedy than anything else. It is truly a comic magazine brought to life on the big screen and more focused on delivering a sequence of action scenes and laughs than anything intelligent in the form of plot or characters. I would say it is a movie for the younger audience and comic fans. Having said that I must admit that I found it rather fun to watch.\r\n\r\nThe main characters are two mostly irresponsible rascals, one dumb but likable living tree and two fanatics of which one certainly need not apply to the Mensa club. Of the five I liked Rocket and Gamora the best. Rocket is a rather likable rascal and Gamora is simply cool. Quill is sometimes just silly, Groot is more of a living prop and Drax is just too stupid.\r\n\r\nThe story is more or less just there to tie the scenes together. Unfortunately we do really not get much of a background to the Guardians of The Galaxy universe. It would have been nice to get a bit more understanding of why things are as they are etc. The return of this movie is watching the action, the special effects and the laughs. It is an action-adventure-comedy plain and simple. If you approach it as such it works reasonably well.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of special effects, they are generally well done. The designs are interesting. The shape of the bad guys spaceship is totally ludicrous of course but visually pleasing and goes with the rest of the movie\u2019s tendency to be more of a comedy than a serious movie. The same can be said for that cool but weird net they made by interlinking fighter crafts.\r\n\r\nOn the whole an entertaining movie. I have to say that the dancing scene at the end was a wee bit too silly for me though. I have a problem understanding how a movie like this can get such a relatively high rating at IMDb but okay it was fun to watch and it is not entirely undeserved. Personally I think a 7 out of 10 is more in the right region.\r\n\r\nSHARE THIS:"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long form review originally posted n 2014:**\r\n\r\nNow that I\u2019ve given _Guardians_ a BluRay watch through, I feel more comfortable reviewing it. I saw it on the first day of its Australian cinematic release, but I wasn\u2019t sure what I thought. I watched it again and still wasn\u2019t sure, but now that it\u2019s six months later, I am sure.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m a massive fan of director James Gunn. Come to think of it, I\u2019m also also a big fan of Lee Pace, Michael Rooker, Chris Pratt, Benicio Del Toro, Djimon Honsou, Bradley Cooper, Vin Diesel, Peter Serafinowicz, Alexis Denisof, Rob Zombie and Nathan Fillion, and they\u2019re all in this. Not to mention I\u2019m an absolute sucker for the MCU. So after hearing that a very decent chunk of the fanbase thinking that not only was this the best Marvel film of the year (going up against _Winter Soldier_ and _Days of Future Past_), but that they would then go on to say it was the best Marvel Cinematic Universe film ever, you could imagine I was very surprised to find that I actually didn\u2019t think it was all that great.\r\n\r\nI don\u2019t want people thinking I didn\u2019t like it. I did. In fact I will go on record saying that it was miles away from their worst film, and if I\u2019m being honest they handled the last 25 minutes (arguably the most important part) of the film absolutely spectacularly. But I didn\u2019t get the magic that everyone was telling me about. How this was the film for the new generation.  I didn\u2019t even get the sense of satisfaction that I had in Cap\u2019s movie just a few months previous.\r\n\r\nSo many things seemed under utilised, but I don\u2019t know what you could have cut to make room for the extra things I wanted. Which means the only way to get it is to have a longer film. It\u2019s already two hours, and a longer movie means a bigger budget and less screenings. ie. more money going out and less money coming in. And at the end of the day Disney is a business, and they have to make their money the best way they think they can. So I understand why it wasn\u2019t perfect for me, but that doesn\u2019t stop me from feeling _Guardians_ is a mite overrated. Good damn movie. But overrated.\r\n\r\nPersonally I\u2019d stick it somewhere in the middle of the MCU\u2019s releases thus far. Leaps and bounds above _The Incredible Hulk_, _The Dark World_ and _Iron Man 2_, but not so beloved as the likes of _The Avengers_, _Winter Soldier_ or _Iron Man 1_.\r\n\r\n73%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Guardians of the Galaxy is a gorgeous and wonderfully entertaining space opera. The characters are so damn lovable, the world building is incredible, the soundtrack gives the film an entirely unique feel, and the effects are astoundingly first rate.\r\n\r\nThe story follows the pattern of the space fantasies that influenced George Lucas, but the presentation is the work of the extraordinarily gifted filmmaker James Gunn. If we ever forget that the MCU was ever a thing (we won't but let's just be hypothetical), many generations will still be talking about this fantastic movie."}], "recommandations_id": [100402, 99861, 127585, 76338], "youtube_key": "b7yOuhI1dzU"}