{"tmdb_id": 118446, "title": "The Last Outpost", "original_title": "The Last Outpost", "slug_title": "the-last-outpost", "date": "1951-04-04", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The cavalry defend a small town from indians.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2zbeCAQvZ1DqrE11EgfXLDmp7rh.jpg", "actors": ["Ronald Reagan (Capt. Vance Britten)", "Rhonda Fleming (Julie McQuade)", "Bruce Bennett (Col. Jeb Britton)", "Bill Williams (Sgt. Tucker)", "Peter Hansen (Lt. Crosby)", "Hugh Beaumont (Lt. Fenton)", "Lloyd Corrigan (Mr. Delacourt)", "John Ridgely (Sam McQuade)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Sgt. Calhoun)", "Charles Evans (Grey Cloud)", "James Burke (Stagecoach driver)", "Richard Crane (McReady)", "Burt Mustin (Marshal of San Gil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1951 and directed by Lewis R. Foster, \u201cThe Last Outpost\u201d (re-released in 1962 as \u201cCavalry Charge\u201d) chronicles events in Arizona during the Civil War where two brothers, officers for the Confederacy and Union (Ronald Reagan and Bruce Bennett), have to settle their differences to protect the outpost/town of San Gil from an Indian attack. Rhonda Fleming plays the former\u2019s maybe babe. \r\n\r\nThe old-fashioned style of filmmaking takes a while to acclimate to if you\u2019re used to newer movies. It doesn\u2019t help that the talky, contrived story is so convoluted that it takes forever to become engrossed into the characters and events. But there are some highlights: It\u2019s great seeing Reagan when he was young; and curvy Fleming is jaw-dropping. The climax is action-packed, but with those eye-rolling stunt hits (i.e. someone gets shot or arrowed and throws his hands in the air in a melodramatic manner, falling to the ground).   \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 29 minutes and was shot in Old Tucson and surrounding areas (e.g. Sierrita Mountains). \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}