{"tmdb_id": 11849, "title": "Donjons & Dragons", "original_title": "Dungeons & Dragons", "slug_title": "donjons-dragons", "date": "2000-12-08", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "L'empire mythique d'Izmer est menac\u00e9 par le chaos si la princesse Savina refuse de c\u00e9der son sceptre au mal\u00e9fique Profion. Un affrontement terrible se pr\u00e9pare et seuls deux jeunes voleurs, Snails et Ridley, acompagn\u00e9s de Marina, une novice de la tr\u00e8s puissante Congr\u00e9gation des Mages, ont une chance de sauver leur monde. Entre sortil\u00e8ges et ruses, guid\u00e9s par un mansucrit ancien, ils vont faire na\u00eetre l'espoir d'un royaume nouveau. Mais avant, il leur faut survivre aux complots, aux traitres et aux pi\u00e8ges.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jmM0ifxDaSJSx8RUAfcGkFnAqhb.jpg", "actors": ["Justin Whalin (Ridley Freeborn)", "Jeremy Irons (Profion)", "Thora Birch (Empress Savina)", "Bruce Payne (Damodar)", "Zoe McLellan (Marina Pretensa)", "Marlon Wayans (Snails)", "Robert Miano (Azmath)", "Tomas Havrlik (Mage)", "Lee Arenberg (Elwood Gutworthy)", "Kristen Wilson (Norda)", "Martin Astles (Orc #1)", "David O'Kelly (Three Eyes)", "Richard O'Brien (Xilus)", "Matthew O'Toole (Orcs)", "Edward Jewesbury (Vildan Vildir)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Campy, amusing heroic fantasy with \u2013 you guessed it \u2013 dungeons and dragons.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2000 and directed by Courtney Solomon, \"Dungeons & Dragons\" chronicles events in the kingdom of Izmer where the idealistic Empress (Thora Birch) advocates equality between the mages and commoners while the power-mad Profion (Jeremy Irons) plots to overthrow the Empress with the help of his formidable henchman Damodar (Bruce Payne). A ragtag team is assembled to save Izmer by apprehending the Eye of the Dragon: Two thieves (Justin Whalin and Marlon Wayans), a beautiful mage apprentice (Zoe McLellan), a dwarf (Lee Arenberg) and an elf girl (Kristen Wilson).  \r\n \r\nThe first shot with Irons hamming it up as the diabolical Profion made me bust out laughing. In other words, the movie telegraphs from the get-go that it\u2019s not to be taken seriously. If you can roll with the campiness, this is an amusing throwaway fantasy flick. Imagine the gaudiness of \u201cStar Wars\u201d (1977) if the story were transplanted to a Medieval-like kingdom where dragons & magic are reality and you\u2019d have a good idea of what \u201cDungeons & Dragons\u201d has to offer. \r\n\r\nThis was a theatrical release that cost a whopping $45 million, but totally bombed at the box office. The 2005 sequel \u201cWrath of the Dragon God\u201d (with only Bruce Payne returning as Damodar) cost just $15 million and is slightly better because the creators took the material seriously, but it\u2019s decidedly TV fantasy fare.\r\n\r\nThe film scores pretty well on the female front with the winsome McLellan and cutie Birch. Whalin and Wayans are entertaining as the two main protagonists, if you can get past their goofiness. People love to hate Snails (Wayans), but I found him to be a likable, amusing character.                                 \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 47 minutes and was shot in the Czech Republic (Kutn\u00e1 Hora and Prague). WRITERS: Topper Lilien and Carroll Cartwright.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [9288, 10577, 5491, 12158]}