{"tmdb_id": 11850, "title": "L'Invasion des profanateurs", "original_title": "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", "slug_title": "l-invasion-des-profanateurs", "date": "1978-12-19", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Elizabeth s'apercoit un jour du comportement etrange de son ami. Puis, peu a peu, d'autres personnes se transforment ainsi bizarrement. Pendant leur sommeil, une plante fabrique leur double parfait, tandis que l'original disparait. Un remake du celebre film de Don Siegel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/skS02wdeH2C0nrbCQP3qKwJdZtZ.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Sutherland (Dr. Matthew Bennell)", "Brooke Adams (Elizabeth Driscoll)", "Leonard Nimoy (Dr. David Kibner)", "Veronica Cartwright (Nancy Bellicec)", "Jeff Goldblum (Jack Bellicec)", "Art Hindle (Dr. Geoffrey Howell, DDS)", "Lelia Goldoni (Katherine Hendley)", "Kevin McCarthy (Dr. Miles J. Bennell)", "Don Siegel (Taxi Driver)", "Tom Luddy (Ted Hendley)", "Stan Ritchie (Stan)", "David Fisher (Mr. Gianni)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rob", "content": "Still one of the best alien invasion movies that exists. The newer ones tend to be about how many guns and explosions are needed to defeat the invaders, this one is a little different and has a strong cast and many moments of suspense that keep you interested. The dialog is perhaps weak in places and some areas do tend to drag at the start of the movie but thats all overcome later by the convincing characters and ever intriguing plot. It starts slow paced and almost doesn't give you enough information to work out exactly whats going on leaving it up to your paranoia and imagination to fill the void, this begins to change the movie into more of a horror with a scifi plot. The totally unforgettable ending will send chills down your spine and is one of the best cinematic endings I have ever seen. If you're all alone, at midnight and in the dark then stick it on but don't fall asleep..."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "When San Francisco is invaded by pod-people  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1978 and directed by Philip Kaufman, \"Invasion of the Body Snatchers\" stars Donald Sutherland and Brooke Adams as friends, Matthew and Elizabeth, who work at the Health Department in San Francisco. They increasingly suspect that people are somehow being duplicated and trace the problem to alien plant pods. Leonard Nimoy plays Matthew\u2019s pop psychologist friend while Jeff Goldblum & Veronica Cartwright are on hand as a couple who run a mudbath parlour.\r\n\r\nThis could be viewed as a sequel rather than a remake. The entries in the series are as follows: \"Invasion of the Body Snatchers\" (1956); \"Invasion of the Body Snatchers\" (1978); \"Body Snatchers\" (1993); and \"The Invasion\" (2007).\r\n\r\nThe first one is in Black & White and is probably too dated and tame for most modern viewers, but it's still worthwhile; it takes place in small town, California. This 1978 sequel switches the setting to the big city. The 1993 movie shifts to an army base in the deep south while the 2007 version switches back to the big city of Washington DC.\r\n\r\nThis rendition has a peculiar tone with a lot of the events taking place at night. There\u2019s a subdued eerie and dreary air with paranoia morphing into conspiratorial and then ghastly reality. The 70\u2019s atmosphere and cast are highlights, as is the score with its unnerving pieces. Brooke Adam\u2019s has exquisitely sculptured facial features (eyes, nose, lips, teeth, chin, cheeks and forehead). The creepy pod-birthing sequence in the garden is cogently done.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 55 minutes and was shot in San Francisco. WRITER: W.D. Richter.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [11549, 11954, 10803, 790], "youtube_key": "dCOtncsaU80"}