{"tmdb_id": 118612, "title": "After", "original_title": "After", "slug_title": "after", "date": "2012-08-27", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5Wj6IazHsDQOJDnlOfJBVirUEDG.jpg", "actors": ["Steven Strait (Freddy)", "Karolina Wydra (Ana)", "Sandra Ellis Lafferty (Aunt Lu)", "Ric Reitz (Doctor)", "Jackson Walker (Phil)", "Madison Lintz (Young Ana)", "Bob Penny (Elderly Man)", "April Billingsley (Caretaker)", "Jennifer Spriggs (Nurse)", "Tyrin Niles Wyche (Chuck)", "Sabyn Mayfield (Carnival Attendant)", "Chase Presley (Young Freddy)", "Steve Coulter (Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**After life, before death, there's a medium!**\r\n\r\nI happy that B movies exist. Because mainstream filmmaker won't do this kind of simple experiment. Actually there's nothing new in this film, the same old storyline. There are hundreds of similar films, even you can compare to the recent 'If I Stay', but the thing is it was differently told tale. The director's first feature film, and actors are not the popular ones, but with a decent story, everything looks so fine. The graphics for this kind of budget, not really bad. They even had a decent CGI character. Actually, most of the film takes place in the dark time, so they had all the advantage, hence the production was very neat.\r\n\r\nKind of a limited cast film, but very occasionally a few characters, including small background crowd appeared. When the twist comes in the final act, you will realise it is the same old crap, but well maintained suspense in the initial parts. Those content balance and good development is what worked in favour of the film. So the overall film was very entertaining, because I was not expecting any big from it after learning how it was received. Not for everyone, but I also suggest don't believe in those negative remarks on this. It's definitely worth a watch, even if you are not going to rate it low. So I hope you make a good decision.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [258086, 176570, 106717, 17240]}