{"tmdb_id": 11886, "title": "Robin des Bois", "original_title": "Robin Hood", "slug_title": "robin-des-bois", "date": "1973-11-08", "genre": ["Animation / Familial"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Le prince Jean est un affreux souverain qui maltraite ses sujets. Un seul le d\u00e9fie ouvertement et lui r\u00e9siste. Cach\u00e9 dans la for\u00eat de Sherwood, se trouve le vaillant et insaisissable Robin des Bois.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/78yFcKivWbLwlPcUOPj2A75k4Ii.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Bedford (Robin Hood (voice))", "Phil Harris (Little John (voice))", "Peter Ustinov (Prince John (voice))", "Pat Buttram (The Sheriff Of Nottingham (voice))", "Ken Curtis (Nutsy (voice))", "George Lindsey (Trigger (voice))", "Barbara Luddy (Mother Rabbit / Little Sister Mouse (voice))", "Monica Evans (Maid Marian (voice))", "Carole Shelley (Lady Kluck (voice))", "Andy Devine (Friar Tuck (voice))", "Terry-Thomas (Sir Hiss (voice))", "Billy Whitaker (Skippy - a Rabbit (voice))", "John Fiedler (Father Sexton (voice))", "Roger Miller (Allan-a-Dale - The Rooster (voice))", "Candy Candido (Captain of the Guards (voice) (uncredited))", "Dana Laurita (Sis (voice) (uncredited))", "J. Pat O'Malley (Otto (voice) (uncredited))", "Richie Sanders (Toby - A Turtle (voice) (uncredited))", "Dori Whitaker (Tagalong (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Merry Menagerie!\r\n\r\nDisney take on the Robin Hood legend in animation form with family friendly rewards aplenty. \r\n\r\nDirected and produced by Wolfgang Reitherman (Sleeping Beauty/The Jungle Book), the voice work comes from Brian Bedford (Robin Hood), Phil Harris (Little John), Monica Evans (Maid Marian), Peter Ustinov (Prince John), Terry-Thomas (Sir Hiss), Andy Devine (Friar Tuck), Roger Miller (Allan-A-Dale), Pat Buttram (Sheriff of Nottingham) and Carole Shelley (Lady Cluck).\r\n\r\nAll the characters are drawn as animals, with Robin suitably given a fox make-over, plot revolves around the dastardly machinations of Prince John and the Sheriff of Nottingham. Who find themselves hindered considerably by Robin and his band of merry men. Meanwhile Robin and Marian are rekindling their romance on the sideline. It lacks the class of other Disney animation movies, with no songs of note to tap the feet to, but the action is strong (love the archery), Prince John and Sir Hiss are great comedy value, and ultimately it\u2019s a delightful retelling of an often told wonderful legend. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9078, 10112, 10693, 10340], "youtube_key": "SmdsIIdJXrI"}