{"tmdb_id": 11897, "title": "La conqu\u00eate de l'Ouest", "original_title": "How the West Was Won", "slug_title": "la-conquete-de-l-ouest", "date": "1962-11-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "La conqu\u00eate de l'Ouest nous est racont\u00e9e \u00e0 travers l'histoire d'une famille de pionniers qui traversera les rivi\u00e8res, les plaines, mais aussi la guerre de s\u00e9cession et l'installation du chemin de fer. Ils rencontrent sur leur chemin des brigands, des bandits, et aussi des indiens.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ixbhzvECnuqCBYnF9J1mfVfLCPF.jpg", "actors": ["Carroll Baker (Eve Prescott Rawlings)", "Lee J. Cobb (Marshal Lou Ramsey)", "Henry Fonda (Jethro Stuart)", "Carolyn Jones (Julie Rawlings)", "Karl Malden (Zebulon Prescott)", "Gregory Peck (Cleve Van Valen)", "George Peppard (Zeb Rawlings)", "Robert Preston (Roger Morgan)", "Debbie Reynolds (Lilith 'Lily' Prescott)", "James Stewart (Linus Rawlings)", "John Wayne (Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman)", "Spencer Tracy (Narrator)", "Eli Wallach (Charlie Gant)", "Richard Widmark (Mike King)", "Walter Brennan (Col. Jeb Hawkins)", "Raymond Massey (Abraham Lincoln)", "Agnes Moorehead (Rebecca Prescott)", "Thelma Ritter (Agatha Clegg)", "Russ Tamblyn (Confederate deserter)", "Harry Morgan (Gen. Ulysses S. Grant)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Gant Henchman)", "Lee Van Cleef (River Pirate)", "Rodolfo Acosta (Gant  gang member)", "Mickey Shaughnessy (Deputy Stover)", "Clinton Sundberg (Hylan Seabury)", "Brigid Bazlen (Jeb Hawkins' Daughter)", "Willis Bouchey (Civil War Surgeon)", "Claude Johnson (Jeremiah Rawlings)", "Kim Charney (Sam Prescott)", "Bryan Russell (Zeke Prescott)", "Stanley Livingston (Prescott Rawlings)", "David Brian (Lilith's Attorney)", "Andy Devine (Peterson)", "Jay C. Flippen (Huggins)", "Tudor Owen (Alec Harvey)", "Karl Swenson (Train Conductor)", "James Griffith (Gambler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bound for the promised land, indeed.\r\n\r\nOne of the last great epic movies to come out of MGM that was a roaring success, How the West Was Won still has enough quality about it to warrant high praise. The story that drives the film on was suggested by the series of the same name that featured in \"Life\" magazine 1959. Narrative is formed around one family, the Prescott's, who set out on a journey West in 1839. They and their offspring fill out five segments of film that are directed by three different men, \"The Rivers\", \"The Plains\" & \"The Outlaws\" is under the guidance of Henry Hathaway, and \"The Civil War\" by John Ford and \"The Railroad\" by George Marshall. \r\n\r\nFilmed in the unique Cinerama format, which in a nutshell is three cameras filming at once to project a fully formed experience for the human eye, the production has an all star cast and four supreme cinematographers aiding the story. To name all the cast would take forever, but in the main all of the major parts were filled by stars who had already headlined a movie previously. The cinematographers are naturally key since such a sprawling story inevitably has sprawling vistas, they come up trumps with some truly special work: William H. Daniels, Milton Krasner, Charles Lang Jr. & Joseph LaShelle, four great names who help to make the film a poetic beauty.\r\n\r\nAs a whole it's undeniably far from flawless, complaints such as it running out of steam towards the end (the irony of it since a steam train features prominently), and the plot contrivances, are fair enough. However, when the film is good, it's real good: raft in the rapids, Cheyene attack, buffalo stampede and train robbery, each of them are good enough to be a highlight in separate movies. Even the songs are pleasant, particularly when they revolve around the effervescent Debbie Reynolds, while home format transfers are now finally up to a standard worthy of investment, time and cash wise.\r\n\r\nHard to dislike for a Western fan, and carrying enough about it to lure in the casual viewer, How the West Was Won really is a case of they don't make them like they used to. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13909, 11617, 14551, 37347], "youtube_key": "6RQbcUP8PO0"}