{"tmdb_id": 119003, "title": "April Showers", "original_title": "April Showers", "slug_title": "april-showers", "date": "1948-03-27", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A married couple who have a song-and-dance act in vaudeville are in trouble. Their struggling act is going nowhere, they're almost broke and they have to do something to get them back on top or they'll really be in trouble. They decide to put their young son in the act in hopes of attracting some new attention. The boy turns out to be a major talent, audiences love him and the act is on its way to the top. That's when an organization whose purpose is to stop children from performing on stage shows up, and they're dead set on breaking up the act.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/54Chx13ZGyI8y4wTM89K9DH3Vs2.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Carson (Joe Tyme)", "Ann Sothern (June Tyme)", "Robert Alda (Billy Shay)", "S.Z. Sakall (Mr. Curley)", "Robert Ellis (Buster Tyme)", "Richard Rober (Al Wilson)", "Joseph Crehan (William Barnes)", "Billy Curtis (Capt. Rudolph L. Nemo)", "John Gallaudet (Mr. Gordon)", "Philip Van Zandt (Harry Swift)", "Barbara Bates (Barnes' Secretary (uncredited))", "Mel Blanc (Buster's Midget Impersonation (voice) (uncredited))", "Penny Edwards (Chorine (uncredited))", "Pat Flaherty (Mike (uncredited))", "Frank McLure (Bartender (uncredited))", "Brick Sullivan (Man in Audience (uncredited))", "Minerva Urecal (Landlady (uncredited))", "Ray Walker (Mr. Barclay (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}