{"tmdb_id": 119229, "title": "Denver and Rio Grande", "original_title": "Denver and Rio Grande", "slug_title": "denver-and-rio-grande", "date": "1952-05-16", "genre": ["Aventure / Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Jim Vesser and his team of railroading men try to build a rail line through a mountain pass, while a group of less scrupulous construction workers sabotage the entire operation in the hopes that they can get their tracks laid first and get the money from the railroad.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cOMyhhtvcFugMkpXKU3h4N5oYxd.jpg", "actors": ["Edmond O'Brien (Jim Vesser)", "Sterling Hayden (McCabe)", "Dean Jagger (General William J. Palmer)", "Kasey Rogers (Linda Nelson)", "Lyle Bettger (Johnny Buff)", "J. Carrol Naish (Gil Harkness)", "Zasu Pitts (Jane Dwyer)", "Tom Powers (Sloan)", "Robert Barrat (Charlie Haskins)", "Paul Fix (Engineer Moynihan)", "Don Haggerty (Bob Nelson)", "James Burke (Sheriff Ed Johnson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Train Tribulations.\r\n\r\nDenver and Rio Grande is directed by Byron Haskin and written by Frank Gruber. It stars Edmond O'Brien, Sterling Hayden, Dean Jagger, Kasey Rogers, Lyle Bettger and J. Carol Naish. Music is by Paul Sawtell and Technicolor cinematography by Ray Rennahan.\r\n\r\nTwo railroad companies battle for the right of way through Royal Gorge - with murderous results...\r\n\r\nIn truth it's without doubt that the scenery on offer here, and if you happen to have any kink for olde steam trains, are what puts this in the above average department. Plot is based around real instances during the advancements of the Denver and Rio Grande railway. It plays out for entertainment purposes as baddies against goodies and as a notable observation of what some will do to get their way. There's strands involving wrongful accusations, simmering passions and a whole host of train sequences snaking through gorgeous locations. There's even some amazing train carnage, which is thrilling and more potent as it's not model work on show. Cast are fine and turning in perfs that we accept as viable for our enjoyment - with a pat on the back for Zasu Pitts and Paul Fix who are playing out a cute and funny mature courtship in the making - and all other tech contributions are safe and appealing enough.\r\n\r\nOpening with a voice over narration set to scenes of the then modern D&RG railway, before whisking us back to its formative years, this is a nice nostalgia piece that overcomes its plotting failings courtesy of big heart and ocular delights. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}