{"tmdb_id": 11929, "title": "Dolores Claiborne", "original_title": "Dolores Claiborne", "slug_title": "dolores-claiborne", "date": "1995-03-24", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Lors d'une enqu\u00eate sur une vieille affaire, Selena, journaliste new-yorkaise, d\u00e9couvre que sa m\u00e8re fut suspect\u00e9e du meurtre d'une riche veuve, Vera Donovan...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3F69ayx1HAnFyNIpQkWhVWc7EnE.jpg", "actors": ["Kathy Bates (Dolores Claiborne)", "Jennifer Jason Leigh (Selena St. George)", "Judy Parfitt (Vera Donovan)", "Christopher Plummer (John Mackey)", "David Strathairn (Joe St. George)", "John C. Reilly (Const. Frank Stamshaw)", "Eric Bogosian (Peter)", "Ellen Muth (Young Selena)", "Bob Gunton (Mr. Pease)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Welcome to Maine; where alcoholism, smoking, and all sorts of behavior the aforementioned are trying to cover up creep up on you like bad filling of gravy. At least, in Stephen King\u2019s universe. True to his (excessive) words, a lot gets stirred up, not all of it gets answered, and characters  get knee high in lots of details. Nothing wrong about that, except in this movie the details, and the melodrama that comes with them, tend to bog down what should be bonding of two women over the men that hurt them. What a depressingly masculine mess.\r\n\r\nI love a good pulpy environment (hello film noir, which often has a mystery element to it like this movie) but someone how the pacing was just off. I think Kathy Bates does a pretty fantastic job as the the title character. Her daughter Selena though.. I don\u2019t know if it meant more in the book but her talks about the story in Arizona she wants to cover doesn\u2019t really anything interesting to the mix. Maybe it\u2019s to show what bad decisions she\u2019s made after having no family to turn to, but it\u2019s belaboured. We get she\u2019s a emotional mess without it. I also don\u2019t think Jennifer Jason Leigh is all that great in the role, but then again she mostly just sits there to reveal plot points and be something Dolores scarified for. She\u2019s a talking macguffin.\r\nMuch more interesting is the relationship between Dolores and Det. Mackey, played gravely by Christopher Plummer. Oh, and that odd looking John C. Riley as his deputy. His face always livens everything up. There\u2019s a bit of destructive perfectionist streak in Mackey, wanting to close the book on the case he never solves to his satisfaction. At some points this runs into cop drama play by play (including  a[albeit mercifully short] courtroom scene. Were 90\u2019s Hollywood films required to have those in at least one scene?), but it helped by little details, like throwing a full piss pan at the other.\r\n\r\nBut whose piss was that? Why the fermenting yellow liquid of Vera, a women we seem to think Dolores killed. We know that\u2019s not true though, any two who exchange such old fashioned zingers (\u201cDolores, I insist that all women who have hysterics in my drawing room call me by my Christian name.\u201d)  and share body fluids can\u2019t hate each other. Maybe with only one, but both? Nay. Besides, it\u2019s much more fun to tag team to doom a alcoholic sexual predator. Her husband; Am I spoiling anything by saying she did kill him? Then it would only be 95% special victims unit, not totally. Might as well cook up all that gravy, a full crock.\r\nThis does lead to two defining  moments for Dolores. The log back rub to milk cranium massage is pretty good vicious, but mere flower play before the eclipse.  After finding Joe has been stealing from her (by proxy of having a penis and the bank therefore believing his bullshit) and abusing a young Selena she plays to stuff him down a well, when everyone is watching the sun black out. This scene is certainly memorable, if not only for the almost baroque visual style (lot of key light) but where she seems to set an olympic record for long jumping, right over the hole. Frankly, this should have been the ending, it\u2019s Dolores best movement, and since she really sets the stage for everyone else to ladle out in, it\u2019s a wonderfully creepy way out. Instead we wait another quarter of a film to pass by.\r\n\r\nAnything not Dolores tends to be too congested to be found appetizing. I wage she was more of  the center of attention originally, and the other parts were attempting to give the actors more to do, or give more speaking time to the men. This is dubious; King material tends to be overripe as it is, but imitation King (as practiced by director Taylor Hackford and writer Tony Gilroy) is even more stagy. Fine, she helped her daughter, who recognizes it nearly twenty years later, and she amused an entertaining old lady. But the real Dolores, and where Bates is at her best, wrapped all the pain she took from an abusive husband, and leaped over to stomp down someone who hurt her young, like a fierce chicken. A little more strut, a little more pecking, and we would have a fine character study between her and her golden egg. Guess you take what you can get, and go on with your day, especially in Maine."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This one tends to get ignored when people consider the 'classic' Stephen King film adaptations (the first 20 years), but it's very subtle, nuanced, and is basically one of King's finest and more mature works. If it was even possible for Kathy Bates to out-do her Oscar-winning work in 'Misery', she still did so, and nailed it. I'm a huge fan of John C. Reilly, Eric Bogosian (why 'Talk Radio is my favourite Oliver Stone movie and 'Under Siege 2' my favourite Steven Seagal film), David Strathairn, Christopher Plummer and especially, Jennifer Jason Leigh, and the Tony Gilroy script serves them beautifully.\r\n\r\nUnfairly, I tend to joke about director Taylor HACKford, but it just may be that he's a more contemporary model of such versatile directors from the past as Norman Jewison and Robert Wise. That's fairly esteemed company--and here, he abides himself quite nicely in some of his best work."}], "recommandations_id": [11495, 2246, 16769, 10631]}