{"tmdb_id": 11933, "title": "Tribunal fant\u00f4me", "original_title": "Nothing but Trouble", "slug_title": "tribunal-fantome", "date": "1991-02-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Aventure", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Un raccourci coupant par la campagne, un stop grill\u00e9 et voila quatre New-Yorkais \u00e0 la merci du juge de la petite ville de Valkenvania. Un vieillard caract\u00e9riel de cent six ans qui a l'habitude de ne pas vous rel\u00e2cher si votre t\u00eate ne lui revient pas. Les quatre malheureux d\u00e9couvrent avec horreur une bourgade hant\u00e9e par des tar\u00e9s cong\u00e9nitaux, une sorte de parc d'attractions d\u00e9glingu\u00e9 o\u00f9 s'entassent les os des pr\u00e9c\u00e9dents contrevenants. L'id\u00e9e de finir leurs vies comme attraction pour attard\u00e9s ne pla\u00eet que moyennement \u00e0 nos h\u00e9ros.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vWPZqW8AF4R9dVgt7Aqp4PNpxuo.jpg", "actors": ["Chevy Chase (Chris Thorne)", "Dan Aykroyd (Judge Alvin 'J.P' Valkenheiser / Bobo)", "John Candy (Dennis / Eldona)", "Demi Moore (Diane Lightson)", "Daniel Baldwin (Artie)", "Taylor Negron (Fausto Squiriniszu)", "Raymond J. Barry (Mark)", "Tupac Amaru Shakur (Digital Underground Member)", "Bertila Damas (Renalda Squiriniszu)", "Brian Doyle-Murray (Brian)", "Valri Bromfield (Miss Purdah)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "stugood", "content": "Now, here's a film that doesn't quite know it's 1991 and attempts a bizarre ode to The <i>Texas Chainsaw Massacre </i> (1974), albeit with PG sensibility. Demi Moore is one of the film's main revelations and she masters its wackiness with a strangely befitting coolness. Ackroyd <i>is</i> the wackiness, but that's only if you can recognize him under the genius of the makeup-grotesquery. \r\n\r\nAckroyd directs here as well as plays the hick judge of a-town-time-forgot and has a lot of fun playing with unsuspecting passers-through. The set pieces are inspired too and this truly is an odd yet fun ride, once it gets going. The only real contention is Chevy Chase who's a real stick in the mud - Tom Hanks was unfortunately busy."}], "recommandations_id": [11718, 14628, 14170, 26261]}