{"tmdb_id": 119325, "title": "Tarzan et la belle esclave", "original_title": "Tarzan and the Slave Girl", "slug_title": "tarzan-et-la-belle-esclave", "date": "1950-06-23", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Les Lionians sont une mort de la tribu d'une myst\u00e9rieuse maladie. Leur chef d\u00e9cide de kidnapper Jane et Lola, une infirmi\u00e8re demi-race, afin d'aider \u00e0 repeupler sa civilisation. Tarzan doit les sauver tout en repoussant les attaques sarbacane des gens appel\u00e9s les Waddies qui sont d\u00e9guis\u00e9s en buissons.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fqktOfUvp0HSAMn4dCffx7EeH4a.jpg", "actors": ["Lex Barker (Tarzan)", "Vanessa Brown (Jane)", "Robert Alda (Neil)", "Hurd Hatfield (Prince of the Lionians)", "Arthur Shields (Dr. E.E. Campbell)", "Anthony Caruso (Sengo)", "Denise Darcel (Lola)", "Robert Warwick (High Priest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Me Tarzan, You Jane, Him Cheetah.\r\n\r\nLex Barker dons the Tarzan trunks for the second time in what is a fun Tarzan adventure, even if it\u2019s just a bit too crammed with intentions for its own good. Vanessa Brown slips into Jane\u2019s short jungle skirt and Denise Darcel is also on hand to provide some extra sex pheromones; and to indulge in a girl on girl scrap with Jane! Cool!\r\n\r\nPlot is basically Tarzan out to rescue a bunch of femme natives from the clutches of some mad culty tribesmen led by Hurd Hatfield. There\u2019s a jungle disease issue to take care of as well, Cheetah\u2019s (owning the movie unsurprisingly) alcohol problem, and of course there\u2019s some baddies to be dispensed with which allows Barker to use his athleticism to great effect.\r\n\r\nTarzan gets to be vocal, well more a case of muffled utterances really, and Lee Sholem directs it with economical assuredness. Come the end, baddies vanquished, Jane and Cheetah are smiling, and this Greystoke bloke is a hero again. Hooray! Good solid wholesome Tarzan froth. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26329], "youtube_key": "notfound"}