{"tmdb_id": 11943, "title": "Jeremiah Johnson", "original_title": "Jeremiah Johnson", "slug_title": "jeremiah-johnson", "date": "1972-09-10", "genre": ["Aventure / Western"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Jeremiah Johnson, fuyant la violence du monde civilis\u00e9, s'enfonce dans les Montagnes Rocheuses. Confront\u00e9 \u00e0 un environnement qu'il ne conna\u00eet pas, il doit \u00e9galement faire face \u00e0 la r\u00e9volte des Indiens. D\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 assouvir une vengeance, il fera lui aussi appel \u00e0 la violence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i2wo9M885KcSljpbut24xZCx05r.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Redford (Jeremiah Johnson)", "Will Geer (Bear Claw)", "Delle Bolton (Swan)", "Josh Albee (Caleb)", "Joaquin Martinez (Paints His Shirt Red)", "Allyn Ann McLerie (Crazy Woman)", "Stefan Gierasch (Del Gue)", "Richard Angarola (Chief Two-Tongues Lebeaux)", "Paul Benedict (Reverend Lindquist)", "Charles Tyner (Robidoux)", "Jack Colvin (Lieutenant Mulvey)", "Matt Clark (Qualen)", "Tanya Tucker (Qualen's daughter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Rocky Mountains are the marrow of the World.\r\n\r\nJeremiah Johnson is directed by Sydney Pollack and is inspired by two books, Raymond Thorp and Robert Bunker's Crow Killer: The Saga of Liver-Eating Johnson and Vardis Fisher's Mountain Man. Script was written by John Millius and Edward Anhalt and cinematography is by Duke Callaghan. It stars Robert Redford, Will Geer, Stefan Gierasch, Delle Bolton and Josh Albee.\r\n\r\nHardened after the war with Mexico, and fed up with everyday life, American Jeremiah Johnson (Redford) leaves civilisation behind to live life as a mountain man. He intends to be self-sufficient as a trapper, but he finds that mother nature can be tough, and out here in the mountain wilderness he is not alone. There are others here, and Jeremiah must face many challenges if he is to truly survive.\r\n\r\nFilmed entirely on location in the vast wilderness beauty of Utah, Jeremiah Johnson is light on plot but all the better for it. Film basically constitutes Redford's mountain man learning to survive up in them thar mountains, and, earning the right to do so. A number of issues will arise to test his metal, giving him a number of hardships and adventures to define his transformation from average Joe to a fully fledged mythical man of the Earth. Redford is wonderfully at ease in the title role, and very quickly he gets the audience on side to share in his journey. But ultimately it's the landscapes that you take away from this movie. Not only gorgeous, but also the critical character that frames Johnson during his isolation and battle for survival. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10747, 11509, 8879, 11901], "youtube_key": "QFLwH-ZZ1MY"}