{"tmdb_id": 11942, "title": "Apportez-Moi la T\u00eate d'Alfredo Garcia", "original_title": "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia", "slug_title": "apportez-moi-la-tete-d-alfredo-garcia", "date": "1974-08-07", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans une hacienda mexicaine r\u00e8gne El Jefe, un riche et puissant propri\u00e9taire foncier. Sa fille \u00e9tant tomb\u00e9e enceinte, il la torture pour qu'elle lui r\u00e9v\u00e8le le nom du s\u00e9ducteur : Alfredo Garcia. El Jefe offre alors une r\u00e9compense d'un million de pesos \u00e0 qui lui rapportera la t\u00eate de l'homme en question.Aussit\u00f4t accourent des aventuriers venus des quatre coins du pays. Benny, un minable pianiste de bar am\u00e9ricain \u00e9galement all\u00e9ch\u00e9 par la prime, apprend la nouvelle par deux tueurs, Quill et Sappensly. Or, Alfredo Garcia a \u00e9t\u00e9 l'amant de son actuelle compagne, Elita. Celle-ci lui avoue que Garcia est r\u00e9cemment mort dans un accident de voiture. Benny l'oblige alors \u00e0 le conduire sur sa tombe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/alP44dN95oRuO0GlSRJcDgWouT2.jpg", "actors": ["Warren Oates (Bennie)", "Isela Vega (Elita)", "Robert Webber (Sappensly)", "Gig Young (Quill)", "Helmut Dantine (Max)", "Emilio Fern\u00e1ndez (El Jefe)", "Kris Kristofferson (Biker)", "Chano Urueta (Manchot)", "Donnie Fritts (John)", "Jorge Russek (Cueto)", "Chalo Gonz\u00e1lez (Chalo)", "Don Levy (Frank)", "Enrique Lucero (Esteban)", "Janine Maldonado (Theresa)", "Tamara Garina (Grandmother Moreno)", "Farnesio de Bernal (Bernardo)", "Ahui Camacho (El Chavito)", "M\u00f3nica Miguel (Dolores de Escomiglia)", "Paco Pharrez (El Carpintero)", "Juan Manuel D\u00edaz (Paulo)", "Ren\u00e9 Dupeyr\u00f3n (Angel)", "Yolanda Ponce (Yolo)", "Juan Jose Palacios (Juan)", "Manolo (Tourist Guide)", "Nery Ruiz (Maria)", "Roberto Dumont (Chavo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "One man and his quest for meaning turns into a Peckinpah classic.\r\n\r\nEl Jefe is outraged to find that his daughter has fallen pregnant to a man who has upped and gone, after learning the identity of the rascal (Alfredo Garcia), he offers one million dollars to anyone who can bring him the head of the Lothario running man. On the trail are hit men Quill & Sappensly, Bennie & his prostitute girlfriend Elita, and some other Mexican bandit types, all of them are on a collision course that will bring far more than they all bargained for.\r\n\r\nThis was the one film where director Sam Peckinpah felt he had the most control, the one where we apparently get his own cut and not some chopped up piece of work from interfering executives. Viewing it now some 34 years after its release, it stands up well as a testament to the work of a great director. On the surface it looks trashy, we have homosexual hit men, grave robbing, potential rape, murders abound, prostitution, lower than the low characters, in short the film is awash with Peckinpah traits. Yet it would be a disservice to even think this film isn't rich in thematic texture, for the journey that Bennie, our main protagonist takes is one of meaning, he is a loser, but we find him on this quest to find not only fortune, but respect and love. It's a bloody trail for sure, but it has much depth and no little Peckinpah humour to push the film to it's bloody yet triumphant finale. Warren Oates is rewarded by Peckinpah for years of sterling work for him by getting the lead role of Bennie, and he grasps it with both hands to turn in a wonderful performance that splits sadness and vibrancy with deft of ease.\r\n\r\nBring Me The Head Of Alfredo Garcia has a harsh quality about it, be it the violence, or be it the sadness of the characters, but what isn't in doubt to me is that it's harshness is cloaked in Peckinpah splendour. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [14554, 11577, 25504, 22383]}