{"tmdb_id": 11950, "title": "L'\u00c9quip\u00e9e du cannonball  2", "original_title": "Cannonball Run II", "slug_title": "l-equipee-du-cannonball-2", "date": "1984-06-29", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "La course du Cannonball, c'est toute une \u00e9quip\u00e9e qui conduit quelques tandems originaux \u00e0 traverser les Etats-Unis en voiture, avec pour seul but la somme mirifique qui attend les vainqueurs, et, pour seule r\u00e8gle, la bonne humeur dans toutes les circonstances. N'ayant pas pu gagner la course qui vient d'avoir lieu, un cheik d\u00e9cide d'\u00eatre \u00e0 la fois organisateur et participant, mettant en jeu un million de dollars qui fait r\u00eaver toutes les \u00e9quipes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cp7DC6BoZf8SVSC42wCZaaKDRKt.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Reynolds (J.J. McClure)", "Dom DeLuise (Victor Prinzim)", "Dean Martin (Jamie Blake)", "Sammy Davis Jr. (Morris Fenderbaum)", "Shirley MacLaine (Veronica)", "Telly Savalas (Hymie Kaplan)", "Jamie Farr (The Sheik)", "Marilu Henner (Betty)", "Susan Anton (Jill, Lamborghini Babe)", "Catherine Bach (Marcie, Lamborghini Babe)", "Jackie Chan (Jackie Chan, Mitsubishi Engineer)", "Tim Conway (CHP Officer)", "Jack Elam (Doctor Nikolas Van Helsing)", "Richard Kiel (Arnold, Mitsubishi Driver)", "Don Knotts (CHP Officer)", "Ricardo Montalban (King)", "Tony Danza (Terry)", "Jim Nabors (Pvt. Homer Lyle)", "Frank Sinatra (Himself)", "Arte Johnson (Pilot)", "Doug McClure (The Slapper)", "Henry Silva (Slim)", "Abe Vigoda (Caesar)", "Dub Taylor (Sheriff)", "Branscombe Richmond (Biker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Silly car chase flick with loads of stars and\u2026 Catherine Bach\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1983 and directed by Hal Needham, \"Cannonball Run II\" is a car chase comedy about a second Cannonball Run race from the West Coast to the East Coast. The teams include JJ & Victor (Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise), Blake and Fenderbaum (Dean Martin & Sammy Davis Jr.) with other teams involving Jackie Chan & Richard Kiel in a submersible Mitsubishi Starion and Mel Tillis & Tony Danza accompanied by an orangutan. There are at least a dozen other notable co-stars in various roles: Jamie Farr, Telly Savalas, Sid Caesar, Tim Conway, Foster Brooks, Ricardo Montalban , Charles Nelson Reilly, Don Knotts, etc.\r\n\r\nThis is a fun turn-off-your-brain flick with an incredible all-star cast that\u2019s worth the price of admission. Unfortunately, the script needed a rewrite with better jokes but the producers obviously didn\u2019t want to blow the money. As it is, too much of the humor falls flat, but \u201cCannonball Run II\u201d is still leagues better than comparable junk like \u201cSmokey and the Bandit Part 3\u201d (1983). And there\u2019s a worthwhile sequence where Dom does an amusing Brando impersonation.\r\n\r\nMoreover, the movie scores good marks on the female front with Catherine Bach jaw-dropping in form-fitting blue spandex during the first half, teamed with her Amazonian-ish partner Susan Anton (who\u2019s no slouch in the beauty department). Bach's buttocks looks like it was sculptured by God Himself. In addition, there\u2019s Marilu Henner and Shirley MacLaine, who catch a ride with JJ & Victor, masquerading as nuns before revealing their real identities. Maclaine was 48 during shooting but still had a great figure.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 48 minutes and was shot in Nevada (Las Vegas, Henderson), Arizona (Tucson, Bisbee) and California (Redondo Beach).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [11286, 12705, 12236, 16214]}