{"tmdb_id": 11969, "title": "Tombstone", "original_title": "Tombstone", "slug_title": "tombstone", "date": "1993-12-25", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans la ville de Tombstone en Arizona, une v\u00e9ritable terreur r\u00e8gne sous l'\u00e9gide d'une brochette de malfrats, d'assassins et de psychopathes. Quand l'ancien marshal de Dodge City, Wyatt Earp, vient y chercher une vie paisible, il se rend compte que ce ne sera pas une mince affaire. Avec son fr\u00e8re, Virgil, ils d\u00e9cident de prendre les choses en main en devenant sh\u00e9rifs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6wzqCAmDbIOzNC8HOpw0Q383tiW.jpg", "actors": ["Kurt Russell (Wyatt Earp)", "Val Kilmer (Doc Holliday)", "Sam Elliott (Virgil Earp)", "Bill Paxton (Morgan Earp)", "Powers Boothe (Curly Bill Brocius)", "Michael Biehn (Johnny Ringo)", "Charlton Heston (Henry Hooker)", "Jason Priestley (Billy Breckinridge)", "Jon Tenney (Behan)", "Stephen Lang (Ike Clanton)", "Thomas Haden Church (Billy Clanton)", "Dana Delany (Josephine Marcus)", "Paula Malcomson (Allie Earp)", "Lisa Collins (Louisa Earp)", "Dana Wheeler-Nicholson (Mattie Earp)", "Joanna Pacula (Kate)", "Michael Rooker (Sherman McMasters)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Marshal Fred White)", "Billy Bob Thornton (Johnny Tyler)", "Tomas Arana (Frank Stillwell)", "Pat Brady (Milt Joyce)", "Paul Ben-Victor (Florentino)", "John Philbin (Tom Mclaury)", "Robert John Burke (Frank McLaury)", "Billy Zane (Mr. Fabian)", "Wyatt Earp (Billy Claiborne)", "John Corbett (Barnes)", "Bo Greigh (Wes Fuller)", "Forrie J. Smith (Pony Deal)", "Peter Sherayko (Texas Jack Vermillion)", "Buck Taylor (Turkey Creek Jack Johnson)", "Terry O'Quinn (Mayor John Clum)", "Charles Schneider (Professor Gillman)", "Gary Clarke (Crawley Dake)", "Frank Stallone (Ed Bailey)", "Stephen C. Foster (Hank Swilling)", "Grant James (Dr. Goodfellow)", "Cecil Hoffman (Lucinda Hobbs)", "Sanford Gibbons (Father Feeney)", "Robert Mitchum (Narrator (voice))", "Christopher Mitchum (Ranch Hand)", "Michelle Beauchamp (Mexican bride (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "Hollywood once again retells the story of the legendary lawman, this time in the guise of Kurt Russell. Add Val Kilmer, Sam Neill, and Bill Paxton into the mix and what you get doesn't exactly scream \"A list\" but what you do have is an ensemble cast that gels particularly well; this is one of those films that manages to be more than the sum of its parts. The bond of brotherhood and friendship between the Earps and Doc Holliday feels genuine and Kilmer clearly relishes the scene stealing part of sickly gentleman adrenaline junkie Holliday. Powers Booth and Michael Biehn also make charismatic villains, the scenes between Biehn and Kilmer being particularly sharp and the Peckinpah shoot outs extremely well staged. In fact the shoot out at the OK corral is one of the best versions yet filmed. It does occasionally slip into melodrama (Morgan's death being the prime example) and the climax is a little montage happy and feels a little rushed as a result, but it's a great slice of old school popular entertainment that's a lot more engaging than Kevin Costner's pompous yawn-fest released the same year."}], "recommandations_id": [11967, 12160, 9359, 33]}