{"tmdb_id": 11983, "title": "L'\u00c9change", "original_title": "Proof of Life", "slug_title": "l-echange", "date": "2000-12-08", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Romance / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Peter Bowman, ing\u00e9nieur am\u00e9ricain en Am\u00e9rique latine est kidnapp\u00e9 par les rebelles qui r\u00e9clament une ran\u00e7on de 3 milliards de dollars. Ne pouvant compter sur le soutien de l\u2019employeur de son mari, sa femme Alice fait alors appel \u00e0 Terry Thorne, un ancien membre des services secrets britanniques, expert en \" kidnapping et ran\u00e7on \", qui a mis ses comp\u00e9tences au service de la compagnie d\u2019assurance Luthan Risk International et sauv\u00e9 depuis la vie de nombreux otages.Les pourparlers s\u2019engagent dans un climat tendu. Les ravisseurs menacent p\u00e9riodiquement d\u2019ex\u00e9cuter leur prisonnier, qu\u2019ils transf\u00e8rent de camp et camp \u00e0 travers les montagnes et la jungle, lui faisant endurer d\u2019incessantes souffrances physiques et psychologiques. Avec l\u2019aide d\u2019un autre n\u00e9gociateur Dino et un trio de mercenaires parfaitement entra\u00een\u00e9s, Terry s\u2019engage dans une op\u00e9ration commando \u00e0 hauts risques pour lib\u00e9rer Peter Bowman.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vkWgFcwtuW1IUoOeV3JuXZRC3xs.jpg", "actors": ["Meg Ryan (Alice Bowman)", "Russell Crowe (Terry Thorne)", "David Morse (Peter Bowman)", "Pamela Reed (Janis Goodman)", "David Caruso (Dino)", "Anthony Heald (Ted Fellner)", "Gottfried John (Eric Kessler)", "Michael Byrne (Lord Luthan)", "Michael Kitchen (Ian Havery)", "Alun Armstrong (Wyatt)", "Stanley Anderson (Jerry)", "Tony V\u00e1zquez (Fred / Marco)", "Margo Martindale (Ivy)", "Mario Ernesto S\u00e1nchez (Arturo Fernandez)", "Flora Mart\u00ednez (Linda)", "Rowena King (Pamela)", "Vicky Hern\u00e1ndez (Maria)", "Pietro Sibille (Juaco)", "Norma Mart\u00ednez (Norma)", "Diego Trujillo (Eliodor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We're out of miracles.\r\n\r\nRussell Crowe would of course come to be better known elsewhere (filmicly) in this year, but what of his other release in 2000? Proof of Life is a blender, a picture that is in part thriller, part romance, part drama and part observation on a very real life problem - that of kidnapping for ransom. So many genres to tackle means that invariably Taylor Hackford's film feels over stuffed, pushing the running time to two hours and fifteen minutes, it is this that hurts it. A shame because if trimmed of the pointless filler and drawn out sequences then there is a very efficient (ok, maybe routine is a better word here) and well acted piece on show. The drama and tension (sexual and perilous threat) is all building towards the action packed finale, which, while well mounted, doesn't seem an adequate pay off for the number of extended chatty scenes we have had to tolerate to get there. Nice tip of the hat to a classic at the end, though. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3595, 10731, 2749, 9882]}