{"tmdb_id": 119896, "title": "Flower Buds", "original_title": "Poupata", "slug_title": "flower-buds", "date": "2011-12-15", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Flower Buds tells the story of the gradual breakdown of a family living in a small town. Each character lives according to his or her own ideals. Agata wants a happy life far from home, fully aware that her only hope is to escape and therefore betray those close to her. Honza believes in the purity and power of love, regardless of the circumstances under which it is born. Kamila looks confidently to the future and does not intend to accept the misery of the present. The only Jarda knows that he will not change the world or himself. Aware of his weakness, he does not even try. In his mind, of course, his addiction to slot machines, which has led to a nearly impossible situation, is as certain as most gamblers' belief of an imminent win. The real and convincing attempt to rescue his family comes when it is too late. It is just a futile gesture, a desperate last ditch effort.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qwUst5wdxfJcTXCYDZMZGUWvfmT.jpg", "actors": ["Vladim\u00edr Javorsk\u00fd (Jarda)", "Malgorzata Pikus (Kamila)", "Marika \u0160oposk\u00e1 (Ag\u00e1ta)", "Josef L\u00e1ska (Honza)", "Nguyen Thi Minh (Hue)", "Nguyen Kim Son (Long)", "Aneta Krej\u010d\u00edkov\u00e1 (Zuzana)", "Kate\u0159ina Jand\u00e1\u010dkov\u00e1 (Magda)", "Ji\u0159\u00ed Mary\u0161ko (Cyril)", "Vladim\u00edr Pol\u00edvka (Mat\u011bj)", "Lubo\u0161 Vesel\u00fd (Venda)", "Dana Syslov\u00e1 (Prudk\u00e1)", "Edgar Dutka (Du\u0161\u00e1nek)", "Nat\u00e1lie \u0158eho\u0159ov\u00e1 (Magda)", "Miroslav Hanu\u0161 ()", "Otmar Brancuzsk\u00fd ()", "Karel Zima ()", "Michaela Koliandrov\u00e1 ()", "Olivie \u017di\u017ekov\u00e1 ()", "Ji\u0159\u00ed Kr\u00e1l ()", "Natalia Vesel\u00e1 ()", "Martin Eugen Kulh\u00e1nek ()", "Martin Hru\u0161ka ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}