{"tmdb_id": 120172, "title": "Another World", "original_title": "Another World", "slug_title": "another-world", "date": "2014-09-14", "genre": "Action / Drame / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans un futur proche, une grande partie de la population a \u00e9t\u00e9 contamin\u00e9e involontairement par un virus rel\u00e2ch\u00e9 d'un labo de recherche militaire.\r Cinq survivants aux caract\u00e8res bien prononc\u00e9s tentent alors de survivre pendant leurs derniers jours\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vCY68x3fh0uZWp7QofF5kCCqHBr.jpg", "actors": ["Zach Cohen (Wizard)", "Susanne Gschwendtner (Doctor)", "Davina Kevelson (Daughter)", "David Lavenski (Mouser)", "Carl McCrystal (Colonel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Killa-What?", "content": "Being that I generally like zombie movies and can sit through most (even B grade) and seeing this and thought hmmm, zombies and post apocalypse, should be good - wrong. Save your time and money and find something else. \r\nLike most zombie films is a virus let loose gone wrong with the seminal army officer know all. With two survivors (a colonel and computer programmer turned zombie fighter and over qualified electrician), they battle the days until they stumble across a hospital with a doctor and her friend. And so the story begins. But is the colonel all upfront?\r\nThe acting is terrible and non believable (especially Carl McCrystal - colonel), over winded and some of the time lines seem to be a bit skewed. They seem to have an unlimited supply of bullets to randomly spread but never see a reload or get supplies? With a story voice over reminiscent of mad max 2 it just hasn't got enough substance. Just skip it, you'll thank me"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A fine B movie, I mean B for Boring!**\r\n\r\nFrom Israel, a post-apocalyptic film directed by a newcomer that made in English language. It is a zombie theme, where the four survivours try to seek a safe place to hide out and the truth how it all started. Very poorly made film, it does not even fit in on the B category, maybe Z for zombies.\r\n\r\nThe narrator was totally annoying, the information he gives were very silly. The film lacks the research, I mean you would laugh at it if you are familiar with this kind of films. The only thing I liked was what the armyman revealed at the end, even that is predictable if you a smart enough. But the same scene in the picture was substandard. It was the twist which supposed to save the film, but did not.\r\n\r\nIn the overall film as well, there's nothing new, not even a single scene makes it worth a watch. The only option is to skip it and save your time, or face the same way I had gone through.\r\n\r\n_2/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [49920, 84293, 335732, 213803]}