{"tmdb_id": 120114, "title": "Shors", "original_title": "\u0429\u043e\u0440\u0441", "slug_title": "shors", "date": "1939-05-02", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The year is 1919. German troops retreat from Ukraine. The Directory, the Ukrainian national government lead by Symon Petliura, takes control of Kyiv. Meanwhile, the Bolshevik division commanded by Mykola Shchors is marching on the capital. The Bolsheviks capture the cities of Vinnytsia, Zhmerynka, and others one by one, but lose Berdychiv to Petliura\u2019s forces. They are demoralized by the defeat. By his personal example of courage and military skill, Shchors inspires the retreating Red troops and leads them to victory over the enemy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8GlVmw839sSV3AFGtMlsgiKYc05.jpg", "actors": ["Ivan Skuratov (Bozhenko)", "Anna Borisoglebskaya (Old Woman)", "Valentin Dukler (Isaac Tyshler)", "Aleksandr Grechanyy (Mikhailyuk)", "Fyodor Ishchenko (Petro Chish)", "D. Kadnik (Wurm)", "Aleksandr Khvylya (Savka)", "Nikolay Kryuchkov (Rogovenko)", "Luka Lyashenko (Severin Chernyak / Grandpa Chish)", "Nikolai Makarenko (commander)", "Pyotr Masokha (soldier)", "Dmitri Milyutenko (Weaver / Vinnichenko)", "Nina Nikitina (Nastya)", "Georgy Polejayev (Petlyura)", "Yuri Titov ()", "P. Vadechki ()", "P. Vadechkii ()", "Yuriy Velichko ()", "Sergey Komarov (German Colonel)", "Evgeniy Samoylov (Nikolay Shchors)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}