{"tmdb_id": 120393, "title": "Pour aller au ciel il faut mourir", "original_title": "Bihisht faqat baroi murdagon", "slug_title": "pour-aller-au-ciel-il-faut-mourir", "date": "2006-10-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Kamal a vingt ans. Il est mari\u00e9 depuis quelques mois. Mais sa femme est toujours vierge. Le m\u00e9decin qui l\u2019ausculte ne d\u00e9c\u00e8le chez lui aucune anomalie physique. Kamal part \u00e0 la ville, \u00e0 la recherche d\u2019une autre femme. La ville est pleine de femmes mais les rencontres n\u2019ont pas lieu. Sauf avec une inconnue effleur\u00e9e dans un trolley. Cette rencontre emm\u00e8ne Kamal plus loin qu\u2019il ne l\u2019escomptait.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bme5FQyD95acCqz3iX23OnNHJ1t.jpg", "actors": ["Khurshed Golibekov (Kamal)", "Dinara Drukarova (Vera)", "Maruf Pulodzoda (Vera's husband)", "Djonibek Mourodov (Said Shah)", "Shakhnosa Khodjaeva (Amie Said Shah)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "<i>To Get to Heaven...</i> (2006) is a film by Jamshed Usmonov set in the director's native Tajikistan. Kamal (Khurshed Golibekov) is a young man who has recently married, but he suffers from impotence and has been unable to consummate his marriage. After three months, he visits a doctor and then undertakes to learn the art of love from some older woman in the capital. The first half of the film has him stalking various women around Dushanbe. This odyssey in an American film would probably have been portrayed in a goofy underdog fashion, but Kamal's attempts are creepy, though we do feel his pain.\r\n\r\nAbout halfway through the film, Kamal ends up sleeping with the wife (Dinara Drukarova) of a thug (Maruf Pulodzoda). This lowlife finds out, he doesn't mind as he had been separated from his wife for some time anyway, and takes Kamal under his wing as they burgle their way around town. After witnessing the full extent of his partner's brutality, Kamal turns on him in a bloody fashion, which happens to cure his sexual dysfunction.\r\n\r\nAll in all, I can't recommend <i>To Get to Heaven</i> to general audiences. This isn't the first film I've seen by a young director that begins in one way and then transitions too suddenly into mobsters and violence. Yes, I get the Oedipal allusions and the probing of the male psyche, but the plot arc chosen for this study just screams \"immature scriptwriter\". The cinematography is also unimaginative.\r\n\r\nI could compliment only two aspects, which will probably only interest a rather niche audience. I was bound for Tajikistan in less than a week as I watched this, and there are few internationally available films from the country, so I guess <i>To Get to Heaven</i> was useful as a glimpse of Tajikistan. The acting by Drukarova and Pulodzoda was competent, and perhaps the same could be said for Golibekov if the character he portrays weren't too cringingly awkward to really appreciate."}], "recommandations_id": [27142, 55103, 75364, 71445], "youtube_key": "notfound"}