{"tmdb_id": 120866, "title": "Child of Manhattan", "original_title": "Child of Manhattan", "slug_title": "child-of-manhattan", "date": "1933-02-11", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Paul Vanderkill is extraordinarily wealthy because his grandfather happened to buy farmland in what was to become Midtown Manhattan. The Loveland Dance Hall is one of the tenants of the Vanderkill estates. To reassure his aunt Sophie, Vanderkill visits Loveland to determine whether it is as disreputable as Sophie suspects. There he meets a dime-a-dance girl, Madeleine MacGonagal, who charms him with her quaint proletarian accent. They begin a secret affair, which turns into a secret marriage when pregnancy ensues. When the baby fails to survive, Madeleine decides that since he had married her only for the baby's sake, she should make haste to Mexico to secure a divorce. There she meets Panama Canal Kelly, a former suitor who now owns a silver mine. Her plans for divorce and quick remarriage are complicated when Vanderkill arrives to confront her.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2zariOqcN7Kh5jnASMWFBzb84Jp.jpg", "actors": ["Nancy Carroll (Madelaine McGonagle)", "John Boles (Paul)", "Buck Jones (Panama Kelley)", "Jane Darwell (Mrs. McGonagle)", "Betty Grable (Lucy McGonagle)", "Jessie Ralph (Aunt Minnie)", "Clara Blandick (Aunt Sophie)", "Luis Alberni (Carlos Spumoni Bustamente)", "Warburton Gamble (Stephen Eggleston)", "Garry Owen (Buddy McGonagle)", "Nat Pendleton (Spyrene - Dance Hall Bouncer)", "Matthew Betz (Chet Watson (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}