{"tmdb_id": 12096, "title": "La Panth\u00e8re Rose", "original_title": "The Pink Panther", "slug_title": "la-panthere-rose", "date": "2006-02-10", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Familial"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un c\u00e9l\u00e8bre entra\u00eeneur de football est assassin\u00e9 et une bague, orn\u00e9e du fameux diamant La Panth\u00e8re Rose, lui a \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9rob\u00e9e. Le gouvernement fran\u00e7ais a besoin d'un d\u00e9tective de g\u00e9nie pour r\u00e9soudre le myst\u00e8re mais personne n'est libre. L'inspecteur Jacques Clouseau arrive alors \u00e0 la rescousse. Une pop star, un joueur de foot, un assassin chinois... tous sont suspects mais qui est le coupable ? Clouseau et son acolyte Ponton vont devoir r\u00e9soudre ce cas \u00e9pineux et emp\u00eacher leur chef Dreyfus de r\u00e9colter les lauriers de l'enqu\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eNzbcO8Mps96Zycg6DSFn9b1aO1.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Martin (Inspector Jacques Clouseau)", "Kevin Kline (Chief Inspector Dreyfus)", "Jean Reno (Gendarme Gilbert Ponton)", "Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles (Xania)", "Emily Mortimer (Nicole)", "Henry Czerny (Yuri)", "Kristin Chenoweth (Cherie)", "Roger Rees (Raymmond Laroque)", "William Abadie (Bizu)", "Jason Statham (Yves Gluant (uncredited))", "Clive Owen (Nigel Boswell/Agent 006 (uncredited))", "Scott Adkins (Jacquard)", "Anna Katarina (Agent Corbeille)", "Alice Taglioni (Female Reporter)", "Chelah Horsdal (Security Guard)", "Delphine Chan\u00e9ac (Ticket Checker)", "Yvonne Sci\u00f2 (Casino Waitress)", "Jean Dell (Justice Minister Clochard)", "Philip Goodwin (Deputy Chief Renard)", "Daniel Sauli (Music Producer)", "Boris McGiver (Vainqueur)", "Nick Toren (Agent Savard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tricksy", "content": "From the beginning I knew a prequel to the PINK PANTHER series would be an abomination. I did not, however, think it would be worse than I expected. I went to see the movie because I am a fan of Steve Martin and his writing. His attempt at either imitating or recreating the Clouseau role (whichever it was) was, in the very least, a failed accomplishment. The beauty of the Sellers \"Clouseau\" was the subtlety that Sellers brought to the character. He was clumsy as opposed to stupid. The real humor in the originals is that Clouseau would solve the case, more or less, by accident through his faults. Thus when he received acclaim it was that much more humorous. Martin's \"Clouseau\" is stupid and vain and has no likable traits. He actually has some police skills that help him in the end, but are not in the vain of Clouseau. He is NOT Clouseau. Why would anyone want to recreate a character that was perfect?"}], "recommandations_id": [15159, 11665, 332, 11007], "youtube_key": "dKxgj5FxmZo"}