{"tmdb_id": 120942, "title": "Teri Meri Kahaani", "original_title": "Teri Meri Kahaani", "slug_title": "teri-meri-kahaani", "date": "2012-06-22", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dHpxtztW9riojQy5UyARnrJxcjR.jpg", "actors": ["Shahid Kapoor (Govind / Javed / Krrish)", "Priyanka Chopra (Ruksar / Aradhana / Radha)", "Omar Khan (Mihir)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "rjeev", "content": "I decided to watch Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahani before the other releases even though I didn't really like his previous 2 releases because I thought that it would be a light hearted romantic comedy and it was actually that. It starts off in 1960 when Govind who's going to Mumbai to try out his luck as a musician bumps into Urvashi, an already established heroin in the film industry. The 2012 one comes in next; there's another bump and that is followed by the 1910 story; another bump of course. At the end of each the lovers are temporarily distanced from each other and towards the end of the movie the 3 stories run parallel to each other as everyone meets everyone and love ensues. Simple. But then again there's nothing much we can do about the endings. They have to meet. What we can do is make the journey interesting, which is where the movie does just about okay. I found the 1960 story the best. It had almost everything in place but the other two weren't up to the mark. If one had good dialogues it didn't have good music; if one had good music it had a boring storyline. And most definitely both had bad screenplays. Shahid Kapur looks handsome and gives an earnest performance in all 3 characters and its because of him that I want the movie to succeed.Priyanka Chopra looks really hot but again hams when she has to play the romantic parts. I hate her for that. Kunal Kohli you could have tried a little harder. If you are a guy 1.5/5 If you are a girl I am thinking it would be 2.5/5 2/5 if (forgive me if I sound cheesy )you think you are in looob :P A good timepass, Meri taraf se 2/5 !! * by Siddarth Banerjee (India)"}], "recommandations_id": [44566, 141996, 79876, 106973]}