{"tmdb_id": 121173, "title": "Voracious", "original_title": "Bwakaw", "slug_title": "voracious", "date": "2012-09-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Bwakaw is a drama-comedy about growing old, and everyone's fear of growing old alone. Rene is a gay man who came out of the closet at age 70. Ailing in his twilight years, he thinks it is now too late for love, even companionship, and that all there is to look forward to is Death. He has made a will, bequeathing his few possessions to his even fewer friends. Everything is packed and labeled, ready for distribution. He has even paid for a coffin, taking advantage of a funeral home's Summer Sale. Nowadays the only companion Rene has is Bwakaw, a stray dog that hangs around his house and follows him wherever he goes. As Rene waits for the day of his death, he gets the surprise of his life when it is Bwakaw who suddenly falls ill and is diagnosed with cancer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nWaHRhz9RPQA82KQy7pqLKhorkf.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Garcia (Rene)", "Armida Siguion-Reyna ()", "Joey Paras ()", "Soxy Topacio ()", "Rez Cortez ()", "Bibeth Orteza ()", "Beverly Salviejo ()", "Luz Valdez ()", "Gardo Versoza ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SheBlogger", "content": "Bwakaw embarks upon the life\u2019s journey of Mang Rene, a cranky old homosexual man. I\u2019ve seen other gay movies but this is so far the most natural, every-day-scene, or could-be-my-neighbor kind of setting.  The dialogues and the delivery of lines are so natural that it didn\u2019t feel scripted at all. But of course!  This was a powerhouse cast! Led by none other than one of the greatest actors that has ever graced the Philippine Cinema \u2013 Mr. Eddie Garcia himself!  \r\n\r\nAdd to that another classical icon in the industry \u2013 Ms.  Armida Siguion-Reyna.  Now, who could possibly top these two actors who are, to quote a line from the movie, \u201cmas matanda pa sa Philippine Constitution\u201d (older than the Philippine Constitution)???   And I mean that in the most positive way, that their length and quality of service to the Philippine movie industry is already immeasurable. Kaya marapat lang na tayo ay magbigay-pugay (It is only right for us to give honor).\r\n\r\nOther  good actors who graced this film are:  Gardo Versoza, Soxie Topacio, Alan Paule, Luz Valdez, Rez Cortez, Beverly Salviejo, Jonathan Neri, May-I Fabros, Soliman Cruz, Roni Bertubin, and Joey Paras.  I will not detail who played who, so as not to pre-empt other would-be watchers of this movie.  Go figure that out yourself! ;) Or just go to their Facebook Fanpage. Actually, I\u2019m just too lazy to write it down because it would just be a waste of time and space when you can find it in their Fanpage already. Am I right?\r\n\r\nNow, moving on to what I liked about this movie\u2026 click here for full review: http://heblogs-sheblogs.com/2012/07/bwakaw-an-independent-film-from-a-commoners-view/"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "6ekTiaVlv-A"}