{"tmdb_id": 12155, "title": "Alice au pays des merveilles", "original_title": "Alice in Wonderland", "slug_title": "alice-au-pays-des-merveilles", "date": "2010-03-03", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique / Aventure"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Alice, d\u00e9sormais \u00e2g\u00e9e de 19 ans, retourne dans le monde fantastique qu'elle a d\u00e9couvert quand elle \u00e9tait enfant. Elle y retrouve ses amis le Lapin Blanc, Bonnet Blanc et Blanc Bonnet, le Loir, la Chenille, le Chat du Cheshire et, bien entendu, le Chapelier Fou. Alice s'embarque alors dans une aventure extraordinaire o\u00f9 elle accomplira son destin : mettre fin au r\u00e8gne de terreur de la Reine Rouge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pvEE5EN5N1yjmHmldfL4aJWm56l.jpg", "actors": ["Mia Wasikowska (Alice Kingsleigh)", "Johnny Depp (The Mad Hatter)", "Anne Hathaway (The White Queen)", "Helena Bonham Carter (The Red Queen)", "Crispin Glover (The Knave of Hearts)", "Marton Csokas (Charles Kingsleigh)", "Lindsay Duncan (Helen Kingsleigh)", "Matt Lucas (Tweedledee / Tweedledum)", "Geraldine James (Lady Ascot)", "Tim Pigott-Smith (Lord Ascot)", "Leo Bill (Hamish Ascot)", "Frances de la Tour (Aunt Imogene)", "Michael Sheen (The White Rabbit (voice))", "Alan Rickman (The Caterpillar (voice))", "Christopher Lee (The Jabberwocky (voice))", "Stephen Fry (The Cheshire Cat (voice))", "Timothy Spall (The Bloodhound (voice))", "Paul Whitehouse (The March Hare (voice))", "Barbara Windsor (The Dormouse (voice))", "Michael Gough (The Dodo (voice))", "Imelda Staunton (Tall Flower Faces (voice))", "Eleanor Tomlinson (Fiona Chattaway)", "Jemma Powell (Margaret Kingsleigh)", "Eleanor Gecks (Faith Chattaway)", "Rebecca Crookshank (Strange Woman Kisser)", "Holly Hawkins (Woman with Large Nose in Red Queen Court)", "Lucy Davenport (Woman with Big Ears in Red Queen Court)", "Joel Swetow (Man with Large Belly in Red Queen Court)", "Jessica Oyelowo (Woman with Large Poitrine in Red Queen Court)", "Ethan Cohn (Man with Large Chin in Red Queen Court)", "Chris Grabher (Hightopp Hat Juggler)", "Bonnie Parker (Party Dancer)", "Simone Sault (Party Dancer)", "Dale Mercer (Party Dancer)", "Cortney Palm (Red Queen's Court)", "Harry Taylor (Ship Captain)", "Amy Bailey (Hatteress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "I loved the movie. Of course it's a Tim Burton film and Johnny Depp is in the movie so it's already a given. Story wise, I like it that it's different from the usual Alice in Wonderland stories. I hope they Tim Burton will make the original movie though. The montage in the movie looks nice when they did the flashback. I love the colors. Anne Hathaway is great. I felt like watching a real life Disney princess. Of course Helena Bonham Carter is magnificent. With her big head that looks really natural, it adds to her funny character. And then there's Alan Rickman. Although he's just a voice of the caterpillar, once you hear his voice, you'll know it's him and it's a great comfort.\r\n\r\n\r\nMy grade for this movie??? A. Wonderful story. Great cast. A movie that is pleasing to the eyes. I strongly recommend this to children, adults, and anyone in between. A great family movie."}], "recommandations_id": [118, 241259, 411, 812], "youtube_key": "pMiCJefpn9Q"}