{"tmdb_id": 121632, "title": "Men Are Such Fools", "original_title": "Men Are Such Fools", "slug_title": "men-are-such-fools", "date": "1938-07-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "The romantic hills and valleys of advertising agency secretary Linda Lawrence (Priscilla Lane) provide the basis of this comedy drama.  Unlike her soon-to-be-married roommate Nancy (Penny Singleton), Linda is determined to remain single and forge a strong career.  She does have a suitor, Jimmy Hall (Wayne Morris), but he is not ambitious enough for her and she keeps her distance.  The girl gets her chance to climb the corporate ladder after she invents a sure-fire cure for hangovers.  Sure enough she begins her ascent.  Meanwhile, her suitor continues to plead with her to leave her job and become his bride.\r But the secretary has fallen for ambitious adman Harry Galleon (Humphrey Bogart) who is already engaged.\r At this point, the stage is set for considerable romantic confusion .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gWSDta6DIx19RjMQfDJ8tdd36BP.jpg", "actors": ["Wayne Morris (James 'Jimmy' Hall)", "Priscilla Lane (Linda Lawrence Hall)", "Humphrey Bogart (Harry Galleon)", "Hugh Herbert (Harvey C. Bates)", "Johnnie Davis (Tad Turkel)", "Penny Singleton (Nancy Crowel Turkel)", "Mona Barrie (Miss Beatrice 'Bea' Harris)", "Marcia Ralston (Wanda Townsend)", "Gene Lockhart (Bill Dalton)", "Kathleen Lockhart (Mrs. Dalton)", "Donald Briggs (George Onslow)", "Nedda Harrigan (Mrs.Nelson)", "Eric Stanley (Mr. Nelson)", "Claud Allister (Rudolf)", "Renie Riano (Mrs. Pinkel)", "Carole Landis (June Cooper (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "yCNjpFUruGY"}