{"tmdb_id": 121791, "title": "L'attentat", "original_title": "The Attack", "slug_title": "l-attentat", "date": "2012-09-01", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans un restaurant de Tel-Aviv, une femme fait exploser une bombe qu'elle dissimule sous sa robe de grossesse. Toute la journ\u00e9e, le docteur Amine, isra\u00e9lien d'origine arabe, op\u00e8re les nombreuses victime de l'attentat. Au milieu de la nuit, on le rappelle d'urgence \u00e0 l'h\u00f4pital pour lui annoncer que la kamikaze est sa propre femme. Refusant de croire \u00e0 cette accusation, Amine part en Palestine pour tenter de comprendre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cMD7gqprtTUgFWphyPeC9mKl6ML.jpg", "actors": ["Ali Suliman (Amin Jaafari)", "Evgenia Dodena (Kim)", "Reymonde Amsallem (Siham jaafari)", "Dvir Benedek (Raveed)", "Uri Gavriel (Captain Moshe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A man's quest to find the truth...\r\n\r\nAdaptation of the french novel 'The Assassination'. The movie was so good, but I had a hesitation over the contents. The movie tried to be a too smart by being a neutral, hence failed to convince on that issue. The problem was, it sets in the real world around real conflict, but the facts were excluded. So that led many countries to ban in their market. The good thing was, to I like the movie, the story concentrates on the human curiosity and emotion.\r\n\r\nI thought it was an okay movie until the end twist. It was not that grand, but very-very simple and potent. Awesome filmmaking, could have been a top contender if it would have nominated for the Oscar. I wanted to rate it higher, but I feel something is not right as it was based on the real subject, but a fictional account. I definitely recommend it because the result could be different for you with your viewpoint.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [287507, 191731, 258771, 158895]}