{"tmdb_id": 121725, "title": "Life Back Then", "original_title": "\u30a2\u30f3\u30c8\u30ad\u30ce\u30a4\u30ce\u30c1", "slug_title": "life-back-then", "date": "2011-11-19", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Kyohei Nagashima (Masaki Okada) has shut away the world. During his high school days he was the target of bullying and experienced horrifying moments. Now as a young adult Kyohei takes a new job. He works for a company that specializes in cleaning out the homes of recently deceased individuals. With his new job Kyohei meets co-worker Yuki (Nana Eikura). Yuki has also experienced a traumatizing event as a teen and has also shut herself away from the world. These two young people form a bond as they go through the homes of the recently departed people. They gradually open up to each other and in the process to the world. Yet, their fragile psyches may or may not be ready for such changes ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zH8kbyBkyfwQVg3aJCmfWhygatm.jpg", "actors": ["Masaki Okada (Nagashima Kyohei)", "Nana Eikura (Kubota Yuki)", "Tori Matsuzaka (Shintaro Matsui)", "Shingo Tsurumi (Huruta)", "Taizo Harada (Sasho)", "Rei Dan (Akane Okajima)", "Akira Emoto (Masashi Inoue)", "Keisuke Horibe (Minoru Oosawa)", "Yoshiko Miyazaki (Michiko)", "Mitsuru Fukikoshi (Nobusuke Nagashima)", "Shota Sometani (Nobuo Yamaki)", "Kanji Tsuda (Teacher Hagiwara)", "Yoriko D\u00f4guchi ()", "Makiko Watanabe ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}