{"tmdb_id": 121856, "title": "Assassin's Creed", "original_title": "Assassin's Creed", "slug_title": "assassin-s-creed", "date": "2016-12-21", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 une technologie r\u00e9volutionnaire qui r\u00e9v\u00e8le la m\u00e9moire g\u00e9n\u00e9tique, Callum Lynch revit les aventures de son anc\u00eatre, Aguilar, dans l'Espagne du XVe si\u00e8cle. Callum d\u00e9couvre qu'il est issu d'une myst\u00e9rieuse soci\u00e9t\u00e9 secr\u00e8te, les Assassins, et amasse les connaissances dont il aura besoin pour affronter une autre redoutable organisation : l'Ordre des templiers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tIKFBxBZhSXpIITiiB5Ws8VGXjt.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Fassbender (Callum Lynch / Aguilar de Nerha)", "Marion Cotillard (Dr. Sophia Rikkin)", "Jeremy Irons (Alan Rikkin)", "Brendan Gleeson (Joseph Lynch)", "Charlotte Rampling (Ellen Kaye)", "Michael Kenneth Williams (Moussa)", "Ariane Labed (Maria)", "James Sobol Kelly (Father Raymond)", "Denis M\u00e9nochet (Abstergo G\u00fcvenlik M\u00fcd\u00fcr\u00fc)", "Callum Turner (Nathan)", "Khalid Abdalla (Sultan Muhammad XII)", "Essie Davis (Mary Lynch)", "Carlos Bardem (Benedicto)", "Javier Guti\u00e9rrez (Tomas de Torquemada)", "Hovik Keuchkerian (Ojeda)", "Crystal Clarke (Samia)", "Brian Gleeson (Young Joseph)", "Rufus Wright (Alex)", "Matias Varela (Emir)", "Coco K\u00f6nig (Orderly)", "Michelle H. Lin (Lin)", "Julio Jord\u00e1n (General Ramirez)", "Angus Brown (Young Cal)", "Kemaal Deen-Ellis (Prince Ahmed)", "Aaron Monaghan (Gilles)", "Thomas Camilleri (King Ferdinand)", "Marysia S. Peres (Queen Isabella)", "Gabriel Andreu (Christopher Columbus)", "Jeff Mash (Prison Warden)", "Yuric Allison (Muhammad's Official)", "Joe Kennard (Abstergo Guard)", "Gertrude Thoma (Speaker)", "Juan Pablo Shuk (Father)", "Octavia Selena Alexandru (Lara (uncredited))", "Iain Batchelor (Abstergo Guard 1 (uncredited))", "Dacio Caballero (Assasin 3 (uncredited))", "Emma Clay (Child Chorister (uncredited))", "Flor Ferraco (Guest (uncredited))", "Graham Curry (Templar (uncredited))", "Jem Kai Olsen (Templar (uncredited))", "Louis Dulanto-Sime (Chorister (uncredited))", "Malcolm Ellul (Executioner (uncredited))", "Dino Fazzani (Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Paramedic (uncredited))", "Bruce Johnson (Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Mohammed Ali (Infinity Patient)", "Jade Clarke (Prisoner)", "Alexander Cooper (Passerby)", "Ty Hurley (Freemason)", "Matthew Leonhart (Templar)", "Simon Manley (Guard)", "Juan Carlos Mart\u00ednez Antu\u00f1a (Templar)", "Martyn Mayger (Templar)", "Stephen McDade (Templar)", "Anthony Milton (Templar Guard (uncredited))", "Ross Moneypenny (Templar)", "Jassie Mortimer (Female Mason)", "Cali Nelle (Assassin #2)", "Emeson Nwolie (Administration Officer)", "Massimo Portelli (Spanish Crossbowman)", "Jonathan Pyatt (Spanish Guard)", "Mike Ray (Templar Guest)", "Jonathan Ronin (Spanish Guard)", "Steve Saunders (Patient)", "Jasper Schellekens (Spanish Infantry)", "Rahji Shrinarine (Templar)", "Clem So (Animus Patient)", "Clyde Vassallo (Spanish Infantry)", "Sean Vassallo (Spanish Archer)", "Roberto Vivancos (Merchant)", "Roberto Vivancos (Merchant)", "Abi Whetton (Choir Member)", "Christopher Whitlow (Assassin #1)", "Cerys Wrigley-Moss (Chorister)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "PeterJasonQuill", "content": "Fun film. Has plenty of action sequences and great plot twists throughout the film that make it more interesting. Plenty of well developed characters throughout, and each character has great depth. The execution of the stunts was superb and had breathtaking set-pieces throughout. It's more faithful to the games than other previous game adaptions like Doom and Warcraft: The Beginning, and it moves away from the story while keeping what made the games so well received. A great movie, definitely worth the watch."}, {"pseudo": "CraigJamesReview", "content": "I actually really liked this- the action sequences are exciting and take on a kind of Jason Bourne-quality and Fassbender, Cotillard and Irons do a nice job of making the characters interesting and helping to overlook a lot of the silliness of the script. Overall an 8/10\r\n\r\nCheck out my full Youtube review. Trying to go for something funny, engaging, and informative so hope you guys like-https://youtu.be/Um2-B6Gs_QU"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I have the advantage of multiple _Assassin's Creed_ games under my belt, and even to me it was nonsense. Wastes an **incredible** cast on what will wind up contributing to the seemingly never-ending pile of lacklustre videogame adaptations.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "l would lie if I said that I did not enjoy this movie. It has plenty of action, a bit of biblical mystery and some science fiction. It is a decently entertaining movie. However, I also felt a bit underwhelmed.\r\n\r\nA less than sympathetic bum happens to be some direct ancestor to an ancient warrior belonging to a ancient secret assassins society protecting the apple of Eden. Since he is a near identical match to his ancestor he is, apparently, an ideal candidate for the evil Knights Templars to unlock ancient \u201cgenetic\u201d memories that will help them find the apple. Yes I know, it is a bit of a scientific stretch but hey, it is a fantasy/sci-fi movie and it originates from a video game story so give it some slack.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of the video game. I have not played the game and I have no idea if the movie follows the story of the game or not which probably is a good think for this movie. What I did have a hard time with though is this nonsensical notion of the apple containing the genetic code for \u201cfree will\u201d. What a load of bullshit in so many ways!\r\n\r\nThere are a lot of quite good action and fight scenes in the movie. However most of them are flashbacks to the time of Callum\u2019s ancestor and it is not really Callum himself. It is not until the very end of the movie that Callum finally realizes his potential and gets to do some fighting in his own time. This disappointed me a bit.\r\n\r\nOverall I felt a bit underwhelmed. The movie plodded along at an almost leisurely pace except for the outbursts of action in the flashbacks. There was not really much happening that made me interested except for the action sequences. The acting is also adequate but not more.\r\n\r\nWhen Callum finally gets around to do some assassin stuff in our time it is too little too late. There is a nice fight when he and his assassin colleagues break out of the Knights Templar\u2019s facility but the final show down between the two parties is, well, bland."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**All about the apple of Eden!**\r\n\r\nOne of the much anticipated film of the year. It was a long wait for this film to see a light. I mean ever since the trend had started from the video games to the big screen, this one was a bit late to come into the party. My guess was, that's the disadvantage. The film fanatics thinks, there are too many graphics films. Besides, they did not pick the right screenplay for it like EA did for 'Need for Speed'.\r\n\r\nI have never played this game, so I was not expecting it like the others, but I'm surely disappointed with the film. I had no idea about the characters or the universe, it sets in. After watching the film I thought why this game is so famous where I did not find this film any good. Yep, it's not fair to compare two different formats. But the fact will remain that the film was one of the worst among big titles releasing on this year.\r\n\r\nI thought it was like 'Matrix', but more a periodic style action- adventure. I think the cast was good and the rest of the film was not. What I disliked the most was the smoky visuals. Yes, all the scenes with the ancient Spain was very smoky atmosphere that I had hard time to have a clear picture of what's going on. I hope there won't be any sequel to it, but if they do plan, I expect a miracle that erases all the bad image created by this part. The film is watchable, but not likable or enjoyable. Only for time pass.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Lucky_Man", "content": "I bought this movie recently for a very small amount, and began watching it with very small expectations.\r\n\r\nI was treated to a well-paced, stylish action film that relied more on esoteric ambiguity (and a passing knowledge of the video game franchise) than exposition and characterization. Rather than being a hindrance to the overall product, I believe this \"flaw\" serves the style of this movie wonderfully, and honors to source material to create an interesting and engaging fictional world.\r\n\r\nThe discerning eye of a devoted film-goer may think this movie is quite beautiful and would find very little argument from me. Certain shots and choices in lighting are remarkable, and the filmmakers emphasis on practicality over computer renderings translates very well during the action sequences. \r\n\r\nI would recommend this film - you may not love it, and you don't have to - but it is certainly worth watching."}], "recommandations_id": [68735, 311324, 274857, 308531], "youtube_key": "qUtn5yHJRTk"}