{"tmdb_id": 121986, "title": "Frances Ha", "original_title": "Frances Ha", "slug_title": "frances-ha", "date": "2013-05-17", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 27 ans, Frances m\u00e8ne une existence tranquille. Elle vit avec sa meilleure amie Sophie \u00e0 New York et r\u00eave d'\u00eatre une c\u00e9l\u00e8bre danseuse moderne. Alors que la jeune femme a d\u00e9j\u00e0 obtenu son dipl\u00f4me depuis un long moment, sa vie professionnelle stagne. Elle encha\u00eene les d\u00e9ceptions les unes apr\u00e8s les autres. Mais une nouvelle bouscule sa routine. Sophie d\u00e9cide d'emm\u00e9nager avec une autre amie \u00e0 Tribeca. Bient\u00f4t sans logement, Frances se retrouve aussi sans revenus, quand la directrice de sa compagnie de danse lui annonce qu'elle ne peut plus la garder. Imaginative, Frances s'installe chez Lev et Benji, des amis de Sophie. Pour No\u00ebl, elle rentre chez ses parents, \u00e0 Sacramento...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mhm4I5JlGiyVBZ7mayZMxuqqNXv.jpg", "actors": ["Greta Gerwig (Frances Halladay)", "Mickey Sumner (Sophie Levee)", "Michael Esper (Dan)", "Adam Driver (Lev Shapiro)", "Michael Zegen (Benji)", "Charlotte d'Amboise (Colleen)", "Grace Gummer (Rachel)", "Patrick Heusinger (Reade \"Patch\" Krause)", "Josh Hamilton (Andy)", "Maya Kazan (Caroline)", "Justine Lupe (Nessa)", "Britta Phillips (Nadia)", "Juliet Rylance (Janelle)", "Dean Wareham (Spencer)", "Hannah Dunne (\"Ask Me\" Girl)", "Daiva Deupree (Waitress)", "Isabelle McNally (Random Girl #1)", "Vanessa Ray (Random Girl #2)", "Lindsay Burdge (Dark Haired Girl)", "Marina Squerciati (Waitress at Club)", "Christine Gerwig (Mom)", "Gordon Gerwig (Dad)", "David Salem (Christmas Guest)", "Isaac Salem (Christmas Guest)", "Anna Salem (Christmas Guest)", "Laurie Aloisio-Salem (Christmas Guest)", "Daniel Roose (Christmas Guest)", "Courtney Coffin-Jensen (Christmas Guest)", "Kristine Jensen (Christmas Guest)", "Doug Craft (Reverend)", "Timothy Mickiewicz (Dentist)", "Tre Borden (Home Friend)", "Connor Mickiewicz (Home Friend)", "Laura Parker (Home Friend)", "Serena Longley (Abby)", "Barbara Ross English (Dance Teacher)", "Peter Scanavino (Chef)", "Ryann Shane (Crying Girl)", "Danish Hyder (Computer Guy)", "Teddy Ca\u00f1ez (Security Guard)", "Gibson Frazier (Catering Boss)", "Cindy Katz (Congresswoman)", "Cohlie Brocato (Young Man)", "Finnerty Steeves (Co-Worker)", "Michelle Hurst (Theater Manager)", "Molly Lieber (Dance Duo)", "Eleanor Smith (Dance Duo)", "Alex Moore (Lighting Technician)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Max Tyrone", "content": "I sometimes equate this movie to waking up from a satisfactory sleep with the perfect amount of alcohol in the good ol' intestines, slowly coming to the realization that you have shit to do, responsibilities to attend, new lies to create, new truths to discover. We find Frances in a similar state at the beginning of the film, though she has yet realized the consequences of her actions.\r\n\r\nWhen her best friend, Sophie, decides to move out and pursue other goals, Frances initially ruminates in their apartment alone. Having broken-up with a boyfriend over her refusal to live with him, Frances bounces between living arrangements. For most of this film, all of Frances' decisions seem terminal, as she can never settle in one place - whether it be at Benji and Miles' bachelor pad, France, her parents' house in California, or a dorm at her old university; this coupled with her unfulfilling job as an extra dancer in her company. She soon abandons everything in the interim of Sophie's engagement and move to Japan.\r\n\r\nFor a comedy, the movie has a sadness to it that is inescapable, sadness due to the fact that throughout much of the movie, Frances is alone. The friends she makes come and go, not because she lacks the ability to keep them, but because of the turnstile nature of life. The paths she takes lack a certain introspection and responsibility. Benji's date even points out the superficial economic implications of using a credit card to travel to Paris for the weekend, whereas Frances is more concerned with reading Proust. She ultimately has to face the question of identity in a nomadic lifestyle, and decide between instability and control. It is this viewer's opinion that _Frances Ha_ reaches a conclusion located somewhere in the middle - in that gray area on a drunken night where the room spins around the bed, and the only reprieve is a foot placed on the floor."}], "recommandations_id": [309245, 10707, 169813, 86829]}