{"tmdb_id": 121, "title": "Le Seigneur des anneaux : Les Deux Tours", "original_title": "The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers", "slug_title": "le-seigneur-des-anneaux-les-deux-tours", "date": "2002-12-18", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Action"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort de Boromir et la disparition de Gandalf, la Communaut\u00e9 s'est scind\u00e9e en trois. Perdus dans les collines d'Emyn Muil, Frodon et Sam d\u00e9couvrent qu'ils sont suivis par Gollum, une cr\u00e9ature versatile corrompue par l'Anneau. Celui-ci promet de conduire les Hobbits jusqu'\u00e0 la Porte Noire du Mordor. \u00c0 travers la Terre du Milieu, Aragorn, Legolas et Gimli font route vers le Rohan, le royaume assi\u00e9g\u00e9 de Theoden. Cet ancien grand roi, manipul\u00e9 par l'espion de Saroumane, le sinistre Langue de Serpent, est d\u00e9sormais tomb\u00e9 sous la coupe du malfaisant Magicien. Eowyn, la ni\u00e8ce du Roi, reconna\u00eet en Aragorn un meneur d'hommes. Entretemps, les Hobbits Merry et Pippin, prisonniers des Uruk-hai, se sont \u00e9chapp\u00e9s et ont d\u00e9couvert dans la myst\u00e9rieuse For\u00eat de Fangorn un alli\u00e9 inattendu : Sylvebarbe, gardien des arbres, repr\u00e9sentant d'un ancien peuple v\u00e9g\u00e9tal dont Saroumane a d\u00e9cim\u00e9 la for\u00eat...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5VTN0pR8gcqV3EPUHHfMGnJYN9L.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Frodo Baggins)", "Ian McKellen (Gandalf the White)", "Viggo Mortensen (Aragorn)", "Sean Astin (Samwise \"Sam\" Gamgee)", "Liv Tyler (Arwen Evenstar)", "Orlando Bloom (Legolas)", "John Rhys-Davies (Gimli / Treebeard (voice))", "Dominic Monaghan (Meriadoc \"Merry\" Brandybuck)", "Billy Boyd (Peregrin \"Pippin\" Took)", "Andy Serkis (Gollum / Snaga (voice) / Mauh\u00far (voice))", "Cate Blanchett (Galadriel)", "Christopher Lee (Saruman)", "Hugo Weaving (Elrond)", "Bernard Hill (Th\u00e9oden)", "Karl Urban (\u00c9omer)", "Miranda Otto (\u00c9owyn)", "David Wenham (Faramir)", "Brad Dourif (Gr\u00edma Wormtongue)", "Craig Parker (Haldir)", "Olivia Tennet (Freda)", "Jed Brophy (Sharku / Snaga)", "Calum Gittins (Haleth)", "John Bach (Madril)", "Robbie Magasiva (Mauh\u00far)", "Robyn Malcolm (Morwen)", "Raymond Trickitt (Bereg)", "Stephen Ure (Grishnakh)", "Nathaniel Lees (Ugluk)", "Sam Comery (Eothain)", "Bruce Hopkins (Gamling)", "John Leigh (H\u00e1ma)", "Sala Baker (Sauron / Lugdush)", "Bruce Allpress (Aldor)", "Paris Howe Strewe (Th\u00e9odred)", "Bruce Phillips (Rohan Soldier)", "Robert Pollock (Mordor Orc)", "Victoria Beynon-Cole (Hero Orc)", "Lee Hartley (Hero Orc)", "Phil Grieve (Hero Orc)", "Billy Jackson (Rohan Refugee Child)", "Katie Jackson (Rohan Refugee Child)", "Sean Bean (Boromir (extended edition))", "John Noble (Denethor (extended edition))", "Timothy Lee (Freca (extended edition))", "Alistair Browning (Damrod (uncredited))", "Brent McIntyre (Witch-king of Angmar (uncredited))", "Ben Fransham (Anendel / Thandronen (uncredited))", "Kester Fordham (Anglor (uncredited))", "Alexander Lindsay (Ereth\u00f3n (uncredited))", "Gareth Jensen (Lhunurion (uncredited))", "Jason Secto (Thingalad (uncredited))", "J\u00f8rn Benzon (Orolonn (uncredited))", "Andy Gunn (Balglin (uncredited))", "Ben Britton (Fereveldir (uncredited))", "Dan Hennah (Rohan Recruit (uncredited))", "Alan Lee (Rohan Recruit Child (uncredited))", "Henry Mortensen (Rohan Recruit (uncredited))", "Alix Bushnell (Rohan Refugee (uncredited))", "Kelley Kerr Young (Rohan Refugee (uncredited))", "Frank Goldingham (Rohan Refugee (uncredited))", "Cameron Lemon (Rohan Refugee (uncredited))", "Samuel E. Shore (Rohan Refugee Elf (uncredited))", "Riley Brophy (Rohan Refugee Child (uncredited))", "Peter Jackson (Rohan Soldier (uncredited))", "Barrie M. Osborne (Rohan Soldier (uncredited))", "Greg Tozer (Rohan Soldier (uncredited))", "Dorothy Anne Bonner (Rohan Woman (uncredited))", "Hannah Wood (Rohan Woman (uncredited))", "Dianne Smith (Rohan Woman (uncredited))", "Joseph Mika-Hunt (Uruk-hai / Gondorian Soldier (uncredited))", "Piripi Waretini (Uruk-hai (uncredited))", "Sam Kelly (Elf Warrior / Uruk-hai (uncredited))", "Jarl Benzon (Elf Warrior / Rohan Stable Boy (uncredited))", "Daniel Falconer (Elf Warrior / Rivendell Elf (uncredited))", "Sandro Kopp (Elf Warrior (uncredited))", "Alexia Fairbrother (Elf Warrior (uncredited))", "Allan Smith (Dead Marshes Elf (uncredited))", "Karlos Drinkwater (Easterling Warrior (uncredited))", "Paul Norell (Easterling (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "NeoBrowser", "content": "Peter Jackson has always maintained that The Two Towers is \"the second act\" of his epic undertaking, and perhaps the true greatness of the middle chapter will only be clear when viewed in context. As a stand-alone film, however, The Two Towers is not quite as good as Fellowship. (Nor, indeed, does it extend the universe or deepen the relationships in the manner of The Empire Strikes Back.) That it still merits the full five stars is merely an indication of how high the benchmark has been set.\r\n\r\nPicking up pretty much where Fellowship left off, this is a considerably darker film, with Frodo (Wood) falling further under the influence of the Ring (giving rise to some seriously spooky hallucinations), while Saruman (Christopher Lee) wreaks even more havoc. There's also the first appearance of Saruman's spy, the sinister Wormtongue (Brad Dourif), and the complex Gollum, a brilliant combination of computer trickery and raspy vocals from Andy Serkis (the campaign for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar starts here).\r\n\r\nOther newcomers include Faramir (David Wenham), the understandably miffed brother of the recently deceased Boromir, and \u00c9owyn (Miranda Otto), who spends much of her time casting winsome glances in the general direction of Aragorn (Mortensen). Eventually the plot complexities become more coherent, setting the action up for the forthcoming finale, The Return Of The King.\r\n\r\nAs we've come to expect, this is spectacular stuff - from an opening which sees Frodo troubled by dreams about the demise of Gandalf, through to the climactic Battle Of Helm's Deep, which is nothing short of breathtaking. But Jackson cleverly tempers the louder, brasher sequences with some heartstring-tugging moments - peasants despondent as they are forced to abandon their villages, Aragorn and Arwen's troubled relationship, and, of course, the return of Gandalf (Sir Ian McKellen, superb as ever), one of the film's most powerful, memorable images that may well leave Ring devotees a little misty-eyed.\r\n\r\nHowever, those who still believe that the trilogy is beyond criticism may find their views challenged by The Two Towers. It's just as long as the first film, but gets the heroes no closer to a final victory. And, where the first movie developed its emotional tone from the brightness of The Shire to a darker climax, the sequel is more of a one-note affair, shadowy in both look and content.\r\n\r\nThis is particularly true of the Ringbearer's quest, which adds the not-insignifcant Gollum to the party, but suffers more than the other story strands from the cross-cutting and finishes with a nearly identical pep talk from Sam to the tearful speech that climaxed Fellowship. Of course, given the nature of the material, and Jackson's desire to be faithful, this is all understandable. And by the time we all end up under siege at Helm's Deep, it's unlikely anyone will give a toss about narrative arcs: like Gollum, this is simply gob-smacking, mind-blowing, never-seen-before stuff.\r\n\r\n\r\nVerdict - It may lack the first-view-thrill and natural dramatic shape of Fellowship, but this is both funnier and darker than the first film, and certainly more action-packed. An essential component of what is now destined to be among the best film franchises of all time. \r\n\r\n5/5\r\n\r\n- Caroline Westbrook, Empire Magazine"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "That Damned Ring.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2002 and directed by Peter Jackson, \u201cThe Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers\u201d adapts the second part of JRR Tolkien\u2019s popular fantasy trilogy about adventures on Middle-Earth. The surviving \u2018Fellowship\u2019 of the first film has been divided into three small groups for this one: The Hobbits Frodo and Sam (Elijah Wood and Sean Astin) team-up with the mad Gollum (Andy Serkis) to make their way to Mordor, but are captured by Faramir (David Wenham), the brother of the deceased Boromir. Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), Legolas the Elf (Orlando Bloom) and Gimli the Dwarf (John Rhys-Davies) encounter the once-great King Theoden (Bernard Hill), who has fallen under the spell of Saruman (Christopher Lee) via his devious minion Grima Wormtongue (Brad Dourif). Meanwhile the Hobbits Pippin and Merry (Billy Boyd and Dominic Monaghan) try to enlist the help of huge tree creatures. Gandalf is also on hand (Ian McKellen). These story threads culminate in the great Battle at Helms Deep in the third hour.  \r\n\r\nThis three-hour fantasy/adventure starts out more engaging than the first film, which was laden by its overlong, convoluted and (for the most part) unnecessary prologue. Like that movie, the characters are colorful, the tale is imaginative, there\u2019s a lot of brutal action rounded out by quieter moments and everything LOOKS and SOUNDS great. Unfortunately, after the first act, Jackson opts for CGI porn (excessive use of CGI with the corresponding dizzying visual effects). The first film did this too, but this one ups the ante and so there\u2019s not as much spectacular New Zealand cinematography (i.e. real forests, mountains, rivers, etc.). If cartoony CGI is your thang then you\u2019ll likely appreciate this installment more than me.        \r\n\r\nThere are other problems: While the characters are imaginative, they\u2019re also shallow and rather dull, at least for mature people who require more depth to maintain their interest. Also, the wide-spanning (meandering) story with numerous characters and hard-to-remember names tends to be disengaging. I was never much captivated by the characters and their causes, although uber-fans of Tolkien might be.  \r\n\r\nAnother problem is the lack of prominent female protagonists. We have Miranda Otto as \u00c9owyn, Th\u00e9oden's niece, who falls in love with the noble Aragorn and that\u2019s about it, except for cameos by Liv Tyler as Arwen and Cate Blanchett as Galadriel. \u201cMythica: A Quest for Heroes\u201d (2014) cost LESS THAN $100,000 to make, which is a mere fraction of the $94 million it cost to make this blockbuster and the filmmakers knew enough to include a couple of prominent babes as key protagonists in the story. \r\n\r\nDespite these negatives, \u201cThe Two Towers\u201d was an ultra-ambitious undertaking and is a must for fantasy/adventure aficionados who liked the first movie.                      \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours 59 minutes and was shot in New Zealand.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [122, 120, 49051, 57158], "youtube_key": "cvCktPUwkW0"}