{"tmdb_id": 12235, "title": "A double tranchant", "original_title": "Jagged Edge", "slug_title": "a-double-tranchant", "date": "1985-10-04", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "L'h\u00e9riti\u00e8re d'une riche famille de San Francisco est sauvagement assassin\u00e9e dans sa luxueuse villa. Son mari, Jack Forrester,  est rapidement accus\u00e9 de son meurtre mais l'accusation ne repose que sur des pr\u00e9somptions. Teddy Barnes accepte de prendre sa d\u00e9fense mais tombe sous son charme...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1TdrwozMxnLnd4E5syDvyCRtGXF.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Close (Teddy Barnes)", "Jeff Bridges (Jack Forrester)", "Peter Coyote (Thomas Krasny)", "Lance Henriksen (Frank Martin)", "Robert Loggia (Sam Ransom)", "Michael Dorn (Dan Hislan)", "Maria Mayenzet (Page Forrester)", "Dave Austin (Policeman)", "William Allen Young (Greg Arnold)", "Ben Hammer (Dr. Goldman)", "James Karen (Andrew Hardesty)", "Sanford Jensen (Scott Talbot)", "Woody Eney (Austin Lofton)", "Al Ruscio (Carl Siegal)", "James Winkler (Ted Fitzpatrick)", "Bruce French (Richard Duffin)", "Brandon Call (David Barnes)", "Christina Hutter (Jenny Barnes)", "Guy Boyd (Matthew Barnes)", "Phyllis Applegate (Mrs. Stiles)", "John Clark (Dr. Holloway)", "Louis Giambalvo (Anthony Fabrizi)", "John Dehner (Judge Carrigan)", "Leigh Taylor-Young (Virginia Howell)", "Diane Erickson (Eileen Avery)", "Marshall Colt (Bobby Slade)", "Walter Brooke (Duane Bendix)", "Sarah Cunningham (First Judge)", "Ann Walker (Ms. Barne's Secretary)", "Sharon Madden (City Editor)", "David Wiley (Court Clerk)", "Bill Gratton (Jury Foreman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sharp film, serrated ending.\r\n\r\nTeddy Barnes is a conflicted lawyer, still reeling from the dubious methods of a colleague, she takes on the defence of Jack Forrester, who is accused of murdering his wife with a jagged edged knife. Gradually falling for Jack's seductive powers, Teddy falls in love with the man she now has to defend, her problems it seems, are about to become far far worse.\r\n\r\nJagged Edge, directed by Richard Marquand, starring Glenn Close (Teddy), Jeff Bridges (Jack), Robert Loggia (Sam Ransom) and Peter Coyote (Thomas Krasny), is bringing nothing new to the table of a much replicated genre. It does however boast brilliant acting, a tremendous screenplay (Joe Eszterhas) and a production value that demands it be viewed with less than cynical eyes. That it is written by Eszterhas is obvious when looking at the structure of the picture, death, sex, troubled romance, greed and that old devil called obsession (Basic Instinct anyone?), yet aided by a competent director and an exemplary cast, Jagged Edge shines brighter than most other films of its ilk.\r\n\r\nIt looks a little frayed (not jagged) around the edges now, but that is purely because of the advent of time and the ream of thrillers using this format that have followed this piece. If one (such as I) can transport oneself back to the 80s and view Jagged Edge on its original terms, then its easy to recognise just what a well put together picture it is. Close and Bridges are superb, whilst Robert Loggia steals the picture from under their noses, his interplay with Close is a particular highlight. In spite of some less than great twists and unsubtle scapegoat placings, Jagged Edge succeeds because you are there at the finale, and because its held you in its grip all along, you (hopefully) have invested yourself with these characters, you simply just have to know, for better or worse!\r\n\r\nThe ending was cause for much discussion back in the day, and viewing it now it still feels like a moment of cheek mixed in with some form of clarity, but rest assured it works well, as does, funnily enough, the whole film. No world beater here, but highly accomplished and worth the time of any thriller obsessed movie fan. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11060, 11092, 18129, 12623]}