{"tmdb_id": 122466, "title": "Sick Boy", "original_title": "Sick Boy", "slug_title": "sick-boy", "date": "2011-12-21", "genre": [""], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Sick Boy stars Skye McCole Bartusiak as Lucy, a young woman who steps in for a friend to take a job babysitting a young boy confined to his room due to a mysterious illness. Lucy begins to suspect the child\u2019s mother, played by horror legend Debbie Rochon, is hiding something\u2014the truth turns out to be far worse than she could imagine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fPhr6OHQcDYElc90i44ZCqG98L2.jpg", "actors": ["Skye McCole Bartusiak (Lucy)", "Marc Donato (Chris)", "Debbie Rochon (Dr. Helen Gordan)", "Glori Renee Euwer (Rita)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "D. L. Junkie", "content": "Great Mix between Horror and Thriller with a intense amount of chilling moments\r\n1 April 2012 | by wishmaster_bs (Switzerland)\r\n\r\nTim T. Cunningham \u2013 special effects creator of such great movies like X-MEN: FIRST CLASS, THE WOLFMAN and SNOW WHITE AND THE HUNTSMAN \u2013 bring us with SICK BOY a intense mix between horror and thriller with a original story and a great amount of chilling moments. The acting \u2013 especially the two leading lady's Skye McCole Bartusiak and horror legend Debbie Rochon \u2013 is absolute strong. The story is very dark and take his time to build up a scenario of terror and fear. The final 20 minutes are a non stop heart beating tour the force with a surprise twist at the end. For my is SICK BOY one of the best genre flicks that I see in a long time. Can't wait to see more from Cunningham, I think he will have a bright future as director. Two dumbs up for SICK BOY!!!"}], "recommandations_id": [48809, 116532, 405551, 73986], "youtube_key": "i3UIDTqKo3c"}