{"tmdb_id": 122524, "title": "The Second Awakening of Christa Klages", "original_title": "Das zweite Erwachen der Christa Klages", "slug_title": "the-second-awakening-of-christa-klages", "date": "1978-02-24", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Three people rob a bank to help a day care center that's in debt. Wolf is captured, Werner identified, police suspect Christa is the third. She and Werner ask Hans, a clergyman, to launder the money and give it to the kindergarten. He refuses. They try Ingrid, Christa's friend, who tries to help, but the school rejects the money. When tragedy strikes Werner, Hans helps Christa bolt to a collective in Portugal. Ingrid visits her; their relationship makes the collective nervous, so she returns to Germany and ceases living in hiding. The police are still looking for her and so is a witness to the robbery, Lena, a bank clerk. Lena's interest brings Christa's second awakening.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2tCs92sdOvDBSt6jREaVyR6Wu3j.jpg", "actors": ["Tina Engel (Christa Klages)", "Silvia Reize (Ingrid H\u00e4kele)", "Katharina Thalbach (Lena Seidlhofer)", "Marius M\u00fcller-Westernhagen (Werner Wiedemann)", "Ulrich von Dobsch\u00fctz (Heinz, Ingrids Eheman)", "Erika Wackernagel (Mutter von Hans)", "Friedrich Kaiser (Wolfgang)", "Achim Krausz (Bankdirector)", "Achim Krausz (Bank director)", "Fritz Ley (Alter Mann aus Riga)", "Gertrud Thomele (Mutter von Christa)", "Rosa S\u00e4mmer (Hausmeisterin)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [170368, 290482], "youtube_key": "notfound"}