{"tmdb_id": 12262, "title": "La colline a des yeux", "original_title": "The Hills Have Eyes", "slug_title": "la-colline-a-des-yeux", "date": "1977-07-22", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "En partance pour la Californie, une famille se retrouve accidentellement au beau milieu d'une zone d'essais de l'aviation am\u00e9ricaine. Contraints de quitter leur v\u00e9hicule, ils se retrouvent pourchass\u00e9s par une bande de d\u00e9g\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5vt8y3X9C77r4sTFqH7D5tqAjGL.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Speer (Doug Wood)", "Russ Grieve (Big Bob Carter)", "John Steadman (Fred)", "James Whitworth (Jupiter)", "Virginia Vincent (Ethel Carter)", "Michael Berryman (Pluto)", "Janus Blythe (Ruby)", "Lance Gordon (Mars)", "Cordy Clark (Mama)", "Peter Locke (Mercury)", "Robert Houston (Bobby Carter)", "Dee Wallace (Lynne Wood)", "Suze Lanier-Bramlett (Brenda Carter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You folks. Stay on the main road now you hear!\r\n\r\nAfter having announced himself to the horror hordes with The Last House on the Left, Craven's next horror pick would be this, The Hills Have Eyes, another slab of grit and grime. \r\n\r\nA nuclear family head across the desert in their giant trailer only to break down and find there's beasties in the hills hungry for their blood.\r\n\r\nIt has become very much a popular cult pic with Craven fans, which is understandable given the brisk pacing, moments of intensity and suspense, while the allegories and messages are smartly inserted. But the low budget does affect the product, it looks cheap and renders much of the violence and sexual aspects (implied or otherwise) as being not very frightening or stomach churning. While some of the acting is very poor, further adding a cartoonish feel to what should have been a nerve shredding experience.\r\n\r\nAbove average for sure, but not the masterpiece some would have you believe. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Though the case of _The Hills Have Eyes_ is a rare one wherein I feel that the remake is in its entirety a better film than the original, Wes Craven's 1977 exploitation horror is still a solid movie, just one that doesn't succeed in its totality. Gimme a Beast spin-off anyday though.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [18477, 15516, 14029, 27346], "youtube_key": "95C1wxkwMeA"}