{"tmdb_id": 122965, "title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2010", "original_title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2010", "slug_title": "wwe-royal-rumble-2010", "date": "2010-01-31", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Royal Rumble (2010) was the twenty-third annual Royal RumblePPV. It took place on January 31, 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. As has been customary since 1993, the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania, for his choice at either the WWE Championship, the World Heavyweight Championship, or the ECW Championship.\r The main event was the annual 30-competitor Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between champion Sheamus and Randy Orton. The primary match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship. The featured match on the ECW brand was between Christian and Ezekiel Jackson for the ECW championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oEcRquvNIFvtZGqIgYJwVCfjJAc.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Stephen Farrelly (Sheamus)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (MVP)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Rycklon Stephens (Ezekiel Jackson)", "Darren Matthews (William Regal)", "Nick Nemeth (Dolph Ziggler)", "Matthew Korklan (Evan Bourne)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Jayson Paul (JTG)", "Dalip Singh Rana (The Great Khali)", "Beth Phoenix (Beth Phoenix)", "Matthew Cardona (Zack Ryder)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Andrew Galloway (Drew McIntyre)", "Ted DiBiase, Jr. (Himself)", "John Hennigan (John Morrison)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Cody Rhodes (Cody Rhodes)", "Carlos Col\u00f3n Jr. (Carlito)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Naofumi Yamamoto (Yoshi Tatsu)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Chris Mordetzky (Chris Masters)", "Ron Killings (R-Truth)", "Jacob Hager Jr. (Jack Swagger)", "Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah (Kofi Kingston)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "kwKG8ZAA5VQ"}