{"tmdb_id": 122935, "title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2007", "original_title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2007", "slug_title": "wwe-royal-rumble-2007", "date": "2007-01-28", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Royal Rumble (2007) was the twentieth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It took place on January 28, 2007 at the AT&amp;T Center in San Antonio, Texas and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown! and ECW brands.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match, which featured wrestlers from all three brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was a Last Man Standing match for the WWE Championship between John Cena and Umaga. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Batista versus Mr. Kennedy for the World Heavyweight Championship. The featured match on the ECW brand was between Bobby Lashley and Test for the ECW World Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Au4OsTdRFYJ5UnN35PNpwDrJmpa.jpg", "actors": ["John Cena (John Cena)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Dave Bautista (Bautista)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Edward Fatu (Umaga)", "Ken Anderson (Mr. Kennedy)", "Bobby Lashley (Himself)", "Andrew Martin (Test)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "John Hennigan (Johnny Nitro)", "Adam Birch (Joey Mercury)", "Melina Perez (Herself)", "Jayson Paul (JTG)", "Shad Gaspard (Himself)", "Lance McNaught (Lance Cade)", "William Mueller (Trevor Murdoch)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Dave Finlay (Finlay)", "Kenneth George Doane (Kenny Dykstra)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Thomas James Laughlin (Tommy Dreamer)", "Terry Brunk (Sabu)", "Gregory Shane Helms (Himself)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Booker Huffman (King Booker)", "Francisco Rueda (Super Crazy)", "Jim Fullington (The Sandman)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Viscera)", "Kevin Fertig (Kevin Thorn)", "Robert Howard (Hardcore Holly)", "Chris Mordetzky (Chris Masters)", "Chavo Guerrero (Himself)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (M.V.P.)", "Carlos Col\u00f3n Jr. (Carlito)", "Dalip Singh Rana (The Great Khali)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58618], "youtube_key": "6I8pYBjLnN0"}