{"tmdb_id": 122, "title": "Le Seigneur des anneaux : Le Retour du roi", "original_title": "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King", "slug_title": "le-seigneur-des-anneaux-le-retour-du-roi", "date": "2003-12-01", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Action", "score": "8.4/10", "synopsis": "Les arm\u00e9es de Sauron ont attaqu\u00e9 Minas Tirith, la capitale de Gondor.  Jamais ce royaume autrefois puissant n'a eu autant besoin de son roi.  Mais Aragorn trouvera-t-il en lui la volont\u00e9 d'accomplir sa destin\u00e9e ?  Tandis que Gandalf s'efforce de soutenir les forces bris\u00e9es de Gondor, Th\u00e9oden exhorte les guerriers de Rohan \u00e0 se joindre au combat.  Mais malgr\u00e9 leur courage et leur loyaut\u00e9, les forces des Hommes ne sont pas de taille \u00e0 lutter contre les innombrables l\u00e9gions d'ennemis qui s'abattent sur le royaume...  Chaque victoire se paye d'immenses sacrifices.  Malgr\u00e9 ses pertes, la Communaut\u00e9 se jette dans la bataille pour la vie, ses membres faisant tout pour d\u00e9tourner l'attention de Sauron afin de donner \u00e0 Frodon une chance d'accomplir sa qu\u00eate.  Voyageant \u00e0 travers les terres ennemies, ce dernier doit se reposer sur Sam et Gollum, tandis que l'Anneau continue de le tenter...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nZVMVULm6nFZQ7QTHnWoH0Wp2ck.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Frodo Baggins)", "Ian McKellen (Gandalf the White)", "Viggo Mortensen (Aragorn)", "Sean Astin (Samwise \"Sam\" Gamgee)", "Liv Tyler (Arwen Evenstar)", "Orlando Bloom (Legolas)", "John Rhys-Davies (Gimli / Treebeard (voice))", "Dominic Monaghan (Meriadoc \"Merry\" Brandybuck)", "Billy Boyd (Peregrin \"Pippin\" Took)", "Andy Serkis (Gollum)", "Cate Blanchett (Galadriel)", "Hugo Weaving (Elrond)", "Ian Holm (Bilbo Baggins)", "Bernard Hill (Th\u00e9oden)", "Karl Urban (\u00c9omer)", "Miranda Otto (\u00c9owyn)", "David Wenham (Faramir)", "Sean Bean (Boromir)", "John Noble (Denethor)", "Marton Csokas (Celeborn)", "Paul Norell (King of the Dead)", "Thomas Robins (D\u00e9agol)", "Sarah McLeod (Rosie Cotton)", "Alistair Browning (Damrod)", "Ian Hughes (Irolas)", "John Bach (Madril)", "Bruce Hopkins (Gamling)", "Harry Sinclair (Isildur)", "Alan Howard (The Ring (voice) / Sauron (voice))", "Sala Baker (Murgash / Sauron)", "Lawrence Makoare (Gothmog / Witch-king of Angmar)", "Stephen Ure (Gorbag)", "Joel Tobeck (Guritz)", "Peter Tait (Shagrat / Corsair of Umbar)", "Noel Appleby (Everard Proudfoot)", "Ali Astin (Elanor Gamgee)", "Maisy McLeod-Riera (Frodo Gamgee)", "Sadwyn Brophy (Eldarion)", "Bret McKenzie (Figwit)", "Bruce Phillips (Grimbold)", "Shane Rangi (M\u00fbmakil Mah\u00fbd)", "Todd Rippon (Harad Leader)", "Richard Edge (Gondorian Soldier)", "David Aston (Gondorian Soldier)", "Jason Fitch (Uruk)", "Robert Pollock (Orc)", "Ross Duncan (Orc)", "Pete Smith (Orc)", "Jed Brophy (Orc)", "Lee Hartley (Orc)", "Billy Jackson (Child)", "Katie Jackson (Child)", "Christopher Lee (Saruman (extended edition))", "Brad Dourif (Gr\u00edma Wormtongue (extended edition))", "Bruce Spence (Mouth of Sauron (extended edition))", "Phil Grieve (Orc Commander (extended edition))", "Craig Parker (Gothmog (voice) / Guritz (voice) (uncredited))", "Emma Deakin (Diamond Took (uncredited))", "Royd Tolkien (Golasgil (uncredited))", "Michael Elsworth (C\u00edrdan (uncredited))", "Sam Kelly (Silind\u00eb (uncredited))", "Gino Acevedo (Corsair of Umbar (uncredited))", "Andrew Lesnie (Corsair of Umbar (uncredited))", "Richard Taylor (Corsair of Umbar (uncredited))", "Rick Porras (Corsair of Umbar / Beacon Guard (uncredited))", "Christian Rivers (Corsair of Umbar / Beacon Guard (uncredited))", "Peter Jackson (Corsair Bosun (uncredited))", "Michael Semanick (Drinking Rohan Soldier (uncredited))", "Howard Shore (Drinking Rohan Soldier (uncredited))", "Clint Elvy (Haradrim Warrior (uncredited))", "Jane Abbott (Coronation Elf (uncredited))", "Jarl Benzon (Coronation Elf (uncredited))", "Sandro Kopp (Coronation Elf (uncredited))", "J\u00f8rn Benzon (Rivendell Elf (uncredited))", "Henry Mortensen (Pelennor Orc (uncredited))", "Zo Hartley (Orc Helper (uncredited))", "Joseph Mika-Hunt (Orc (uncredited))", "Aidan Bell (Orc (uncredited))", "Luke Burnyeat (Orc (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "NeoBrowser", "content": "And so all good things come to an end. For three years in a row, Peter Jackson has banished our winter blues with the individual instalments of his Tolkien trilogy, effectively shifting the focus of our cinematic excitement from the summer months to the end of the year. But now that his epic has been unveiled in its entirety, what will be the lasting effects of his achievement?\r\n\r\nWell, grand-scale fantasy filmmaking is back on the menu, laying down the gauntlet to George Lucas and Star Wars Episode III. Jackson has also proved that notions of risk and ambition needn't be confined to the low-budget, indie end of the spectrum; nor does California have an exclusive stranglehold on groundbreaking special effects.\r\n\r\nAnd then there's the DVD factor. Just as The Lord Of The Rings was upping the stakes in theatres, so too was its DVD release pattern defining what can (and should) be done on disc for major movies.\r\n\r\nIn particular, the four-disc extended editions seem to have affected the director's thinking as to what he can get away with in his theatrical final cut. Hence the public grumbles from Christopher Lee about the non-appearance of Saruman in this final instalment. While it might have been fair to grant Lee a curtain call, Jackson quite rightly realises that it is Sauron, not Saruman, whose fiery eye encompasses all the narrative strands of the climax.\r\n\r\nThe Return Of The King marks the first time in the series when Jackson's roots as a horror filmmaker creep through. As the orcs catapult severed Gondorian heads beyond the walls of Minas Tirith, flesh-rotted ghosts draw swords alongside Aragorn and giant spider Shelob stalks Frodo through dark, web-shrouded tunnels, the film pushes the boundaries of its 12A certificate.\r\n\r\nAnd so it should, because the look and tone must necessarily grow darker as the Hobbits near Mount Doom and Mordor's evil hand grips Middle-earth ever tighter.\r\n\r\nCharacter nuances have been crafted over an unprecedented ten hours-plus of cinematic storytelling: from Strider lurking in the shadowy corner to Aragorn rallying the troops; from Merry and Pippin as bumbling fools to stout-hearted, pint-sized warriors. Only Legolas and Gimli seem to have regressed (in screen time at least) to set-piece archer and comedy sidekick respectively. At least Andy Serkis is rewarded for his Gollum voice work with an early flashback that gets his face on screen, as well as warning us that, under the ring's power, Smeagol can be as murderous as Gollum.\r\n\r\nJackson has kept the momentum of the series rolling on and on though the traditionally 'difficult' middle part and 'weak' finale, delivering a climax to the story that's neater and more affecting than what Tolkien managed on the printed page. Some viewers might feel that the director sprinkles some cheese on his extended coda, adding at least one false ending too many (even if he does ignore the book's Scouring of The Shire).\r\n\r\nBut those who have walked beside these heroes every step of the way on such a long journey deserve the emotional pay-off as well as the action peaks, and they will be genuinely touched as the final credits roll. Yes, the Ring is dead. Long live King Kong.\r\n\r\n\r\nVerdict - The resounding climax to a landmark in cinema history. But the King has now returned, the story is over and the ships are leaving Middle-earth. Ladies and gentlemen, Elvish has left the building.\r\n\r\n5/5\r\n\r\n- Alan Morrison, Empire Magazine"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Too much CGI, redundancy, clich\u00e9s and drawn out \u201clooks of love\u201d for my tastes.\r\n\r\nRELEASED 2003 and directed by Peter Jackson, \u201cThe Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King\u201d adapts the third part of JRR Tolkien\u2019s popular fantasy trilogy about adventures on Middle-Earth: Frodo (Elijah Wood), Sam (Sean Astin) and Gollum (Andy Serkis) continue to try to make their way to Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring. Meanwhile Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), Legolas the Elf (Orlando Bloom), Gimli the Dwarf (John Rhys-Davies), Gandalf the wizard (Ian McKellen), King Theoden (Bernard Hill) and Faramir (David Wenham) join forces to fight Sauron's army at the stone city of Minas Tirith and, later, draw the forces of Modor out as a distraction for Frodo to accomplish his goal. Billy Boyd and Dominic Monaghan are on hand as Hobbits Pippin and Merry.        \r\n\r\nWhile I\u2019m a casual fantasy/adventure fan and have read numerous books of the genre (e.g. Conan, Tarzan, Gor, etc.), I\u2019ve never read Tokien, likely because I\u2019m not into Hobbits, Elves and Dwarfs. After viewing the three movies, The Lord of the Rings strikes me as a mixture of Robin Hood, Conan and The Wizard of Oz, which all possibly influenced Tolkien\u2019s writing of the Rings trilogy in 1937-1949. So, if you think a meshing of \u201cConan the Barbarian\u201d (1982) and \u201cRobin Hood: Prince of Thieves\u201d (1991) with \u201cThe Wizard of Oz\u201d (1939) sounds good, then you\u2019ll probably like these movies more than me. \r\n\r\n\u201cThe Return of the King\u201d is just more of the same showcased in the first two movies, but even LONGER. Take the Battle of Minas Tirith, for example. It\u2019s basically the same as The Battle at Helms Deep in the previous movie, except with colossal elephant-like creatures and the Army of the Dead. These two battles are similar enough that they could\u2019ve been condensed into one conflict. Speaking of the Army of the Dead, this was an interesting new element, as was the horrifying spider-monster that Frodo & Sam face inside the caves.   \r\n\r\nLike the first two movies, the characters are diverse, the tale is creative, there\u2019s a lot of dark action rounded out by softer scenes and everything LOOKS and SOUNDS magnificent. Unfortunately, as with \u201cThe Two Towers,\u201d there\u2019s excessive use of CGI (aka CGI porn). If cartoony CGI is your thang then you\u2019ll likely appreciate this installment more than me.        \r\n\r\nThere are other problems: While the characters are inspired, they\u2019re also thin and rather uninteresting, at least for mature people who require more depth to hold their attention. Take Legolas (Bloom), for example; we never get to know him. Or consider Aragorn: Mortensen is perfect as the noble warrior, but in the ENTIRE trilogy he probably only has like two full pages of dialog, maybe three. Also, I found the story generally disengaging. I was never much enthralled by the characters and their pursuits, although devotees of Tolkien might be. \r\n\r\nThen there are WAY too many \u201clooks of love\u201d between characters, particularly Frodo and Sam (I was so happy to see one character get married and have kids, if you catch my drift). There\u2019s also a sense of redundancy, like the aforementioned battles (Helms Deep and Minas Tirith). Or consider the hokey dangling from a cliff by one\u2019s fingers: This was already done with Gandalf at the end of the first part and beginning of the next. Did we really need the entire trilogy to come down to this type of eye-rolling clich\u00e9?    \r\n\r\nAnother problem is the lack of feminine protagonists. There\u2019s Miranda Otto as \u00c9owyn, Th\u00e9oden's niece, who becomes infatuated with Aragorn and masquerades as a warrior-ess. Other than that all we have are cameos by Liv Tyler (Arwen), Cate Blanchett (Galadriel) and a Hobbit\u2019s wife. \u201cMythica: A Quest for Heroes\u201d (2014) cost LESS THAN $100,000 to make, which is a mere fraction of the $94 million it cost to make this blockbuster and the creators knew enough to throw in a couple of prominent babes as heroines in the story. So did \u201cConan the Barbarian\u201d and \u201cDungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God\u201d (2005). It\u2019s not rocket science. \r\n\r\nAs noted above, the movie\u2019s needlessly overlong and things could\u2019ve been condensed in the trilogy or omitted altogether. When the main storyline ultimately ends at Mount Doom I was thinking there was maybe 12-15 minutes left with half of that time being credits. Nope, there was STILL 30 MINUTES LEFT wherein boring goodbyes and \u201clooks of love\u201d are tacked on. \r\n\r\nDespite these honest quibbles, \u201cThe Return of the King,\u201d and the trilogy in general, was an ultra-ambitious undertaking and is a must for fantasy/adventure aficionados, particularly those who favor Tolkien, Hobbits, Elves, Gnomes and the like.                      \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 3 hours 21 minutes and was shot in New Zealand.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [121, 120, 49051, 57158]}