{"tmdb_id": 123292, "title": "The Famous Ferguson Case", "original_title": "The Famous Ferguson Case", "slug_title": "the-famous-ferguson-case", "date": "1932-05-14", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A foreword warns against the peril of yellow journalism, and the story illustrates it by following events in the upstate New York town of Cornwall after prominant financier George Ferguson is killed. Two types of New York City journalists descend on Cornwall, one interested in facts, the other in getting sensational \"news\". Mrs. Ferguson is known to have been friendly with a local banker. The Fergusons quarrel the evening he is killed (by \"burglers\", his wife tells the police later), and she is arrested, spurred on by the \"bad\" journalists, who also manage to badger the banker's wife into the hospital. Meanwhile, young Bruce Foster runs the Cornwall Courier, and shows the big city reporters how to dig out real news while they attempt to subvert justice for their own ends.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vLeXqA5cc9CGi4wupyF3pLFeTAY.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Blondell (Maizie Dickson)", "Grant Mitchell (Martin Collins)", "Vivienne Osborne (Mrs. Marcia Ferguson)", "Adrienne Dore (Antoinette 'Toni' Martin)", "Tom Brown (Bruce Foster)", "Kenneth Thomson (Bob Parks)", "Leslie Fenton (Perrin)", "Oscar Apfel (Mr. Brooks)", "Walter Miller (Cedric Works)", "Purnell Pratt (George M. Ferguson)", "Willard Robertson (Sheriff)", "George Meeker (Jigger Bolton)", "Russell Hopton (Rusty Callahan)", "George McFarland (Newsboy)", "Leon Ames (Judd Brooks)", "J. Carrol Naish (Claude Wright)", "William Burress (Dad Sipes)", "Clarence Wilson (County Attorney)", "Russell Simpson (Banker Craig)", "Kathrin Clare Ward (Mrs. Martin - Toni's Mother)", "George Chandler (Depot Loafer  (uncredited))", "Spencer Charters (Fire Chief  (uncredited))", "Dick Curtis (O'Toole  (uncredited))", "Mike Donlin (Photographer  (uncredited))", "James Ellison (Reporter Lane  (uncredited))", "George Irving (Reporter  (uncredited))", "Si Jenks (Gas Station Man (uncredited))", "Allan Lane (Reporter  (uncredited))", "Claire McDowell (Brooks' Landlady  (uncredited))", "Miriam Seegar (Mrs. Judd Brooks  (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}