{"tmdb_id": 12335, "title": "L'Apprentie sorci\u00e8re", "original_title": "Bedknobs and Broomsticks", "slug_title": "l-apprentie-sorciere", "date": "1971-10-07", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Musique"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "L'Angleterre est en danger... Une apprentie sorci\u00e8re, trois enfants et un escroc s'allient pour tenter de trouver l'\u00e9l\u00e9ment manquant dans la composition d'une formule magique qui pourra sauver l'Angleterre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1mWFExXAlUSgfBKGkK3mjH1iXk4.jpg", "actors": ["Angela Lansbury (Miss Price)", "David Tomlinson (Emelius)", "Roddy McDowall (Mr. Jelk)", "Sam Jaffe (Bookman)", "John Ericson (Col. Heller)", "Bruce Forsyth (Swinburne)", "Cindy O'Callaghan (Carrie)", "Roy Snart (Paul)", "Ian Weighill (Charlie)", "Tessie O'Shea (Mrs. Hobday)", "Arthur Gould-Porter (Capt. Greer)", "Ben Wrigley (Portobello Rd. Workman)", "Reginald Owen (Gen. Teagler)", "Cyril Delevanti (Elderly Farmer)", "Rick Traeger (German Sergeant)", "Bob Holt (Codfish (voice) (as Robert Holt))", "Lennie Weinrib (Secretary Bird (voice) / Lion (voice))", "Dal McKennon (Bear (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "When I was younger, I used to spend a lot of my life alone in a studio with one of those tiny little 15cm TVs you wouldn't be caught dead with nowadays, plugged in to a VCR player, and exactly three movies on VHS. One of those three movies (the best of those three) was _Bedknobs and Broomsticks_. I watched it multiple times a day, every day, for months at a time. A period piece musical that saw orphans and their witch-friend get an army of sentient suits of armour to fight the Nazis... Is it any bloody wonder I turned out the way I did?\r\n\r\nGreat movie though. Wouldn't kill me to see a remake with modern technology. So long as it kept the vibe and setting of the original.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}], "recommandations_id": [11708, 11114, 4978, 14136], "youtube_key": "8xHM7TNxg3s"}