{"tmdb_id": 123422, "title": "My Learned Friend", "original_title": "My Learned Friend", "slug_title": "my-learned-friend", "date": "1943-10-25", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "An insane murderer is on the loose, and gunning for the men who put him away. Will Hay is on the list, and co-opts Claude Hulbert to try and stop him from meeting a grisly end.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b7FfVNBYhWN6TdRM27AXEMNEaUa.jpg", "actors": ["Will Hay (William Fitch)", "Claude Hulbert (Claude Babbington)", "Mervyn Johns (Grimshaw)", "Laurence Hanray (Sir Norman)", "Aubrey Mallalieu (Magistrate)", "Charles Victor ('Safety' Wilson)", "Ernest Thesiger (Ferris)", "Eddie Phillips ('Basher' Blake)", "Leslie Harcourt (Barman)", "G.H. Mulcaster (Dr. Scudamore)", "Lloyd Pearson (Col. Chudleigh)", "Gibb McLaughlin (Butler)", "Maudie Edwards (Aladdin)", "Hyma Beckley (Bystander)", "Hy Hazell (Bit Part)", "Ronald Shiner (Man in Wilson's Bar)", "H Victor Weske (Chinese Actor)", "Valerie White ()", "Ian Wilson (Stagehand)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The wonderful Will Hay signs off with black comedy classic.\r\n\r\nThis review is from: My Learned Friend [DVD] (DVD)\r\nA mad murderer is on the loose and vowing to kill off all those who done him wrong. Seventh on the list is failed lawyer William Fitch, can Fitch and his equally inefficient cohort Claude Babbington stop the madman before Fitch meets his end?\r\n\r\nThis was sadly to be Will Hay's last film before retiring due to ill health that would claim his life in 1949, with a CV boasting only 19 acting credits, it's not a wonder that the fabulous Will Hay is still not a big enough name to befit his considerable comedic acting talent. Of the 19 acting credits to is name, My Learned Friend easily slots into a top five best list, fusing mad cap comedy with delicious dots of dry black humour, it's a brisk and delightful way to spend 74 minutes. Tagging along with Hay is Claude Hulbert as Babbington, full of vigour he is the perfect foil to Hay's brand of delivery, whilst Mervyn Johns has a devilishly good time as the mad vendetta driven Grimshaw. There is no pious propaganda here, no ulterior motives hidden within the structure, it's a simplistic tale given total comedic treatment from a much undervalued British treasure. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [80534, 71992, 26158, 27112], "youtube_key": "notfound"}