{"tmdb_id": 123675, "title": "Equinox: Einstein's Biggest Blunder", "original_title": "Equinox: Einstein's Biggest Blunder", "slug_title": "equinox-einstein-s-biggest-blunder", "date": "2000-10-23", "genre": [""], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Science Documentary hosted by Mathew Zajac and published by Channel 4 broadcasted as part of CH4 Equinox series in 2000 - English narration  At the dawn of a new century, a new theory is being born. It threatens to demolish the foundations of 20th century physics. Its authors are two of the world's leading cosmologists. If they're right, Einstein was wrong. It all began when Andy Albrecht and Joao Magueijo met at a conference in America in 1996.  This program began from Newtonian view of the universe then takes you through the General Relativity and the Flatness problem. This leads to the Horizon problem and its solution, the Inflation theory. However modern astronomy doesn't stop here, the Inflation theory has its flaw too, and what happened before the big bang? This can all be answered by changing one thing, the one thing no body dare to question until now.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sklIE0BkTmCZsdhCd9eW81K7bDx.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Albrecht (Himself - University of California)", "John Baldwin (Himself - University of Cambridge)", "Ruth Durrer (Herself - University of Geneva)", "Richard Ellis (Himself - University of Cambridge)", "Jo\u00e3o Magueijo (Himself - Imperial College)", "Dave Wark (Himself - University of Sussex)", "John Webb (Himself - University of New South Wales)", "Mathew Zajac (Narrator (as Matthew Zajac))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}