{"tmdb_id": 123994, "title": "The Eye of Satan", "original_title": "The Eye of Satan", "slug_title": "the-eye-of-satan", "date": "1992-02-21", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Since the beginning of time man has always had an inherent fear of darkness, haunted by the belief that hidden in the black chambers of night, dark and powerful satanic forces are watching and waiting to strike some poor unsuspecting soul. Now the belief becomes reality in the form of Kane, soldier of Satan. He is here to prepare for his masters return.  Kane must also recover the Eye of Satan taken from a ritual chamber somewhere in Africa. The jewel posses strange demonic powers. Kane always travels in the company of a black panther. Harry Bronstien underworld gang lord, manages to locate the jewel and persuades Kane to eliminate the opposition in return for the information. Kane accepts the offer. Bronstien is soon to realise the power of Kane.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8A0w41yPF31hiRzcWcLEd55ziho.jpg", "actors": ["Cliff Twemlow (Kane)", "Ginette Gray (Christine Stringer)", "David Rankin (Father Galan)", "Paul Flanagan (Paul Hamilton)", "Maxton Beesley (Chief Inspector Pete Chase (as Maxton G. Beesley))", "Brett Sinclair (Sgt. Peters)", "Stuart Hurst (Camille's Hired Heavy)", "Leo Atkin (Ed Stringer)", "Steve Powell (Daniel Hunter)", "Liam Leslie (Steve Stringer)", "Heather Alexandra (Mary Chase)", "Terry Cundall (Mr. Big)", "Brian Sterling (Thug)", "Stan Finni (The Demonologist)", "John Saint Ryan (Camille Muhamed)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}