{"tmdb_id": 124340, "title": "Locked in Silence", "original_title": "Locked in Silence", "slug_title": "locked-in-silence", "date": "1999-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "A story of a young boy who becomes an elective mute after witnessing what he believes to be the killing by his older brother of a teenage boy. The young boy's brother then tells him not to say anything because of the trouble it would cause in the family... so he doesn't say anything again. The problem is that the young boy so enjoys his acceptance by others of his mutism that it brings his family, a loving and caring farm family, to the brink of financial ruin in medical and psychological costs to cure him. Based on a true story, this is the intelligent telling of a family in crisis, and the work of doctors in dealing with this mental illness.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l5L2MlCN4YQJbnaWcORtmiOfugG.jpg", "actors": ["Bonnie Bedelia (Lydia)", "Bruce Davison (Jim)", "Dan Hedaya (Dr. Rosenstock)", "Marc Donato (Stephen)", "Bill Switzer (John)", "Steven McCarthy (Jamie)", "Helen Hughes (Grandma)", "Ron White (Sheriff Haynes)", "Rebecca Johnson (Beth Ann)", "Cody Jones (Bully #1)", "Kyle Fairlie (Bully #2)", "Kenner Ames (School Bus Driver)", "Ron Gabriel (Dr. Kerry)", "Dorothy Gordon (Miss Catalain)", "Don Allison (Mr. Samuels)", "Craig Eldridge (Hawley Adams)", "Karen Robinson (Psychologist)", "Guy Sanvido (Mr. Albert)", "Randall Ray Pybas (Local Farmer)", "Alison Pill (Lacey)", "Auston Clark (Hyperactive Boy)", "Deborah Pollitt (Dr. Susan Beckman)", "Elle Downs (Psych Nurse)", "Nina Shock (Skinny Girl)", "Allegra Denton (Teenage Girl)", "Lucas Denton (Young Boy)", "Petra Wildgoose (Cute Girl)", "Curtis Parker (Josh Samuels)", "Deborah Burgess (TV News Reporter)", "Scott Wickware (Sheriff Deputy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}