{"tmdb_id": 124400, "title": "L'H\u00e9ritage de la col\u00e8re", "original_title": "Money, Women and Guns", "slug_title": "l-heritage-de-la-colere", "date": "1958-10-01", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Western"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Avant de mourir, assassin\u00e9 par trois bandits masqu\u00e9s dont deux tombent sous ses balles, Ben, un vieux chercheur d'or, \u00e9crit son testament, l\u00e9guant $ 300.000 \u00e0 cinq hommes. C\u00e9l\u00e8bre marshal f\u00e9d\u00e9ral, Ward Hogan re\u00e7oit pour mission de les retrouver. Un \u00e0 un, m\u00e9thodiquement, il les identifie, tout en ne perdant jamais de vue qu'il doit aussi d\u00e9masquer le troisi\u00e8me tueur. Et si, justement, celui-ci compte parmi les h\u00e9ritiers ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w7SoUvz1hF9RKXauqC3JyXMA3a4.jpg", "actors": ["Jock Mahoney ('Silver' Ward Hogan)", "Kim Hunter (Mary Johnston Kingman)", "Tim Hovey (Davy Kingman)", "Gene Evans (Sheriff Abner Crowley)", "Tom Drake (Jess Ryerson)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Art Birdwell (as Lon Chaney))", "William Campbell (Clinton 'Clint' Gunston)", "Jeffrey Stone (Johnny Bee)", "James Gleason (Henry Devers)", "Judi Meredith (Sally Gunston (as Judy Meredith))", "Phillip Terry (Damian Bard)", "Richard Devon (Setting Sun)", "Ian MacDonald (Nibbs)", "Don Megowan (John Briggs)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Most Famous Detective In The West!\r\n\r\nMoney, Women and Guns is directed by Richard H. Bartlett and written by Montgomery Pittman. It stars Jock Mahoney, Kim Hunter, Tim Hovey, Gene Evans, Tom Drake and Lon Chaney Jr. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and CinemaScope photography is by Philip Lathrop. \r\n\r\nA strange bag of oats is this one. The makers have offered up CinemaScope and parked up at Lone Pine to film it. The colour lensing is beautiful, while the story has promise unbound, yet it still struggles to come out in credit.\r\n\r\nStory sees an old prospector murdered at pic's start (we don't see who done the deed), so in comes detective Silver Ward Hogan (Mahoney). Hogan sets out to find the killer and also an heir to the dead man's fortune.\r\n\r\nAnd thus we have a sort of Hercule Poirot in the Wild West. Which is fun, and the mystery element is engaging and constantly strong. Yet the Scope potential is barely utilised, action is in short supply, and the acting performances - whilst adequate - reek of easy paycheck time.\r\n\r\nNot a waste of time by any stretch of the imagination, but it sure as hell is frustrating. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [137458, 169828, 68082, 102379], "youtube_key": "notfound"}