{"tmdb_id": 124541, "title": "Shadow Man", "original_title": "Street of Shadows", "slug_title": "shadow-man", "date": "1953-10-16", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A saloon owner falls in love with the abused wife of a heavy gambler.  He is snared into a web of intrigue when an ex-girlfriend is found murdered in his apartment.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yKJWixMF8HKb2tvNGj9CDPTh0JE.jpg", "actors": ["Cesar Romero (Luigi)", "Kay Kendall (Barbara Gale)", "Victor Maddern (Danny 'Limpy' Thomas)", "Edward Underdown (Det. Insp. Johnstone)", "Simone Silva (Angele Abb\u00e9)", "Liam Gaffney (Constable Fred Roberts)", "Bill Travers (Nigel Langley - Barbara's date)", "Molly Hawley-Clifford (\"Starry\" Darryl)", "John Penrose (Gerald Gale)", "Robert Cawdron (Det. Sgt. Hadley)", "Henry Purvis (Starry's Brother)", "Paul Hardtmuth (V. H. Mayall)", "Eileen Way (Mrs. Thoms)", "Tony Sympson (Nicky the Burgler)", "Michael Kelly (Seaman West, the combative \"john\")", "Fred Griffiths (Cabbie)", "Jack Howarth (Limpy's Landlord)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Pin-Table Murder: Surprise Development.\r\n \r\nStreet of Shadows (AKA: Shadow Man) is directed by Richard Vernon, who also adapts the screenplay from the novel \u201cThe Creaking Chair\u201d written by Laurence Meynell. It stars Cesar Romero, Victor Maddern, Kay Kendall, Simone Silva, John Penrose, Bill Travers and Liam Gaffney. Music is by Eric Spear, with harmonica by Tommy Reilly, and cinematography is by Phil Grindod.\r\n \r\nA good old frame-up thriller with noir styling, Street of Shadows finds Romero as Luigi, the manager of a gaming premises in London\u2019s Soho area. When an old acquaintance of his, Angele Abbe (Silva), is found murdered in his apartment, he\u2019s naturally the chief suspect. Forced to go on the run, Luigi hopes that the police or himself can find the real culprit soon.\r\n \r\nThe story is pretty conventional stuff, with the mystery element none existent since it can only really be one person who committed the murder. However, the benefits elsewhere make this worth sampling by the film noir faithful, even if it\u2019s not what you would call essential viewing.\r\n \r\nThe whole picture is filmed in the noir style, Vernon and Grindod not missing any opportunities for a bit of shadow play or psychologically tinted contrast usage. The backdrop is a dour London of dark streets and alleyways, a dank part of the city where sordid characters go about their respective business. These people are either carrying some sort of affliction, aggressive or are emotionally stunted. An abused wife, a sexually frustrated janitor with a foot disability, card sharps, a man with huge cauliflower ears, a playboy, ladies of the night, or in the case of Luigi, someone who you really wouldn\u2019t want to count on.\r\n \r\nPolice Close Pin-Table Saloon!\r\n \r\nLuigi\u2019s Pin-Table business is delightfully dingy, filled out with slot machines and macabre looking games such as a laughing sailor or Konki The Clown: Fortune Teller. Breezing around the place are the two gals, Angele and Barbara Gale (Kendall), getting the lads hot under the collar, while the human fortune teller Starry Darrell (Molly Hamley Clifford) is a splendid character capable of smoothing out Luigi\u2019s edges. Acting is good, with Maddern the stand out performer, and how nice to hear good quality Harmonica as part of a musical score. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}