{"tmdb_id": 124624, "title": "The Muslim", "original_title": "\u041c\u0443\u0441\u0443\u043b\u044c\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u043d", "slug_title": "the-muslim", "date": "1995-06-06", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aJY6mAugQ9w5HdCDt87gGmNzkj0.jpg", "actors": ["Evgeny Mironov (Kolya Ivanov the Mussulman)", "Aleksandr Baluev (Brother)", "Nina Usatova (Mother)", "Evdokiya Germanova (Vera)", "Pyotr Zaychenko (Village Head)", "Ivan Bortnik ()", "Vladimir Ilin ()", "Aleksandr Peskov ()", "Sergey Taramaev ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kristina Tina", "content": "I have seen a lot of movies, both Russian and American, and very few movies left a lasting impression on my heart, but even those movies were not as touching as the movie \"Musulmanin\" or \"Muslim\". This movie is a truly amazing work of art, and it definitely deserves more than one Oscar. The actors, especially Evgeniy Mironov who played the main character Kolya Ivanov, went above and beyond to make this movie unforgettable and incomparable. This movie should have won the Academy Award for Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, and  Best Directing. Evgeniy Mironov should have won the Academy Award for Best Actor. I even want to say that the way Evgeniy Mironov portrays the life of a Muslim in an impoverished Russian village deserves more than one Oscar. I think the actor understood his character so well that they became one. This doesn't happen often in the world of cinematography. I have never seen a better actor performance than Evgeniy Mironov in the movie \"Musulmanin\". I think this movie should be shown in all large movie theaters of the world. More people should see the real beauty of art and the best movie ever made! I hope not to hurt anybody's feelings if I say that this movie left a deeper impression in my mind than the movie \"Titanic\" and other movies that won Oscars. \r\nWhat makes this movie an unforgettable work of art? - The best actor performance and the sadness in the eyes of the main character Kolya Ivanov played by wonderful Evgeniy Mironov, who is an absolutely beautiful person from inside and outside."}], "recommandations_id": [79526, 3102, 270249, 38186]}