{"tmdb_id": 1250, "title": "Ghost Rider", "original_title": "Ghost Rider", "slug_title": "ghost-rider", "date": "2007-02-16", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Fantastique / Horreur", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Johnny Blaze n\u2019\u00e9tait qu\u2019un cascadeur adolescent lorsqu\u2019il vendit son \u00e2me au diable. Aujourd\u2019hui, c\u00e9l\u00e8bre casse-cou le jour, il incarne le l\u00e9gendaire Ghost Rider la nuit. Chasseur de prime du diable, il doit traquer les \u00e2mes diaboliques sur Terre et les retourner en enfer. Mais une rencontre inesp\u00e9r\u00e9e avec l\u2019amour de sa vie le pousse \u00e0 croire qu\u2019il peut retrouver le bonheur, s\u2019il vainc le diable et reprend son \u00e2me. Pour r\u00e9ussir, il devra terrasser Blackheart, le fils rebelle du diable, qui complote de faire r\u00e9gner le mal sur Terre en renversant son p\u00e8re, \u00e0 moins que Ghost Rider ne l\u2019arr\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jp996yjZCnZ201SCzSglcWIXZYv.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Johnny Blaze / Ghost Rider)", "Eva Mendes (Roxanne Simpson)", "Wes Bentley (Blackheart / Black King)", "Donal Logue (Mack)", "Sam Elliott (Carter Slade / Phantom Rider)", "Peter Fonda (Mephistopheles)", "Brett Cullen (Barton Blaze)", "Matt Long (Young Johnny Blaze)", "Raquel Alessi (Young Roxanne Simpson)", "Tony Ghosthawk (Team Blaze)", "Hugh Sexton (Team Blaze)", "Marcus Jones (Team Blaze)", "Matt Norman (Team Blaze)", "Lawrence Cameron Steele (X Games Announcer)", "Eddie Baroo (Motorcycle Gang Member)", "Jessica Napier (Broken Spoke Waitress)", "Rebel Wilson (Goth Girl in Alley)", "Daniel Fredericsen (Wallow)", "Mathew Wilkinson (Abigor)", "David Roberts (Captain Dolan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "Can be considered one of the best Nicholas Cage movies ever, Ghost Rider Tells us the Story of a Motorbike Stunt Racer Johnny Blaze who sold his soul to the devil to heal his father from Cancer but alas the devil cheats him by giving his father a bad Death. Johnny after many years is provoked by devil again to kill Blackheart, Devil's own son and turns him into Ghost Rider. And the story goes on from punishing evil souls till the punishing of the Biggest Evil itself. The movie turned out to be a Decent Hit even though it did not perform well at the box office but still the way the character was portrayed and the way the graphics turned out jaw dropping is something we cant miss.\r\nWell to be True Ghost Rider is one of the most coolest Marvel Character ever portrayed by one of the Biggest Hollywood Star."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "The problem is Ghost Rider isn't bad enough to be up there with the Nicolas Cage \"classics\", and it's not good enough to be seen as a fun time at the movies. It kind of just exists in this rather bland netherrealm where mildly entertaining meets instantly forgettable. Eva Mendes is terrible and Sam Elliot is great, so the acting in this movie is all over the place.\r\n\r\nSure, I love any scene where Nicolas Cage starts freaking out as he changes into the Rider. Or the scene where he tries to scare him self by going \"booga booga\" in front of the mirror. It's especially great when the half rendered fire skull shows up (seriously, how did the studio approve this effect?). But they're few and far between. Better just watch the You Tube clips then."}], "recommandations_id": [71676, 9480, 1979, 36648]}