{"tmdb_id": 12501, "title": "Les grands espaces", "original_title": "The Big Country", "slug_title": "les-grands-espaces", "date": "1958-09-30", "genre": ["Drame / Western / Romance"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "James McKay, retrait\u00e9 de la marine, rejoint sa fianc\u00e9e dans l'Ouest am\u00e9ricain. Il se retrouve alors bien malgr\u00e9 lui au c\u0153ur d'un conflit opposant la famille de sa fianc\u00e9e, les Terrill, et celle des Hannassey qui se vouent une animosit\u00e9 r\u00e9ciproque. En cause: un lopin de terre convoit\u00e9 par les deux clans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/udSibhOkN5dT4NZy9oN9EGprAmZ.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (James McKay)", "Jean Simmons (Julie Maragon)", "Carroll Baker (Patricia Terrill)", "Charlton Heston (Steve Leech)", "Burl Ives (Rufus Hannassey)", "Charles Bickford (Major Henry Terrill)", "Alfonso Bedoya (Ram\u00f3n Guiteras)", "Chuck Connors (Buck Hannassey)", "Chuck Hayward (Rafe Hannassey)", "Buff Brady (Dude Hannassey)", "Jim Burk (Blackie / Cracker Hannassey)", "Dorothy Adams (Hannassey Woman)", "Chuck Roberson (Terrill Cowboy)", "Bob Morgan (Terrill Cowboy)", "John McKee (Terrill Cowboy)", "Slim Talbot (Terrill Cowboy)", "Roddy McDowall (Hannassey Watchman (uncredited))", "Richard Alexander (Party Guest - Oceans (uncredited))", "Harry Cheshire (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Ralph Sanford (Party Guest (uncredited))", "William Hoehne Jr. (Lefty Hannassey cowhand (uncredited))", "Donald Kerr (Liveryman (uncredited))", "Chuck Hamilton (Party Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm not going to go on living in the middle of a civil war.\r\n\r\nRetired sea Captain James McKay (Gregory Peck) arrives in the sprawling land of the West to marry fianc\u00e9e Patricia Terrill (Carroll Baker). With an amiable, almost pacifistic approach to life, McKay confounds the ranchers he is now mixing with. Particularly the Terrill ranch foreman Steve Leech (Charlton Heston) who takes an immediate dislike to him. Not only that but it seems that James has landed right in the middle of a family rivalry between the Terrill's and the Hannassey's: just as it's about to fully ignite into war. \r\n\r\nDirected by William Wyler (Ben-Hur/Mrs. Miniver), The Big Country is adapted from a short story called Ambush at Blanco Canyon that was written by Donald Hamilton. Beautifully photographed by Franz Planer on location at the Red Rock Canyon in Mojave, California and at the three-thousand acre Drais ranch in Stockton, the film is epic in many ways. Though the story, with its twin themes of violence begets violence and you don't have to act tough to be tough, is a thin one, it's given such an operatic make over by Wyler that it's not hard to be swept away by it all. Helped enormously by the afore mentioned Planer, music composer Jerome Moross, and an impressive and on form cast (Heston in superb tough guy mode and Burl Ives delivering a Oscar winning performance as head Hannassey patriarch Rufus), it's a big production in many ways. \r\n\r\nOverall, The Big Country sees a small story made big as it's told in an astutely classic style. With memorable acting, gorgeous scenery, big music and notable moments of action (a fist fight between Peck & Heston alone is epic and apparently took three days to get right) it's a must see for the Western enthusiast. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [53879, 14710, 24748, 26596], "youtube_key": "JQ3JYb_PpJA"}