{"tmdb_id": 125176, "title": "Kiss Me Monster", "original_title": "K\u00fc\u00df mich, Monster", "slug_title": "kiss-me-monster", "date": "1969-05-31", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/czOet7Dw3zos8JzeYssUK21PcqM.jpg", "actors": ["Janine Reynaud (Diana (as Janine Renaud))", "Rosanna Yanni (Regina (as Rossana Yanni))", "Chris Howland (Francis McClune)", "Michel Lemoine (Jacques Maurier)", "Manuel Velasco (Andy (as Manolo Velasco))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1969 and written & directed by Jes\u00fas Franco, \"Kiss Me, Monster\" stars Janine Reynaud (Diana) & Rosanna Yanni (Regina) as detective duo The Red Lips who seek the missing Doctor Beltran who has concocted a formula for super-human clones with the mental capacity of canines. Key informants keep winding up dead so the girls go undercover as a nightclub act on an island off the coast of Spain where they charm the mogul, Eric Vicas (Adrian Hoven), whom they suspect has something to do with the killings and the missing doctor.  \r\n\r\nQuickie filmmaker Franco released 7 movies in 1969, including this one, which was shot in 24 days in August/September, 1967. It\u2019s the second of a duology featuring the detective pair; the first being \u201cSadist Erotica,\u201d which was released earlier in the year. Being thrown together so quickly, the plot is virtually incomprehensible unless you\u2019re aware of it up front (as described above). Another problem is the lousy dubbing, which (1.) doesn\u2019t fit the lips of the characters and (2.) isn\u2019t congruent in tone with what\u2019s happening on screen.\r\n\r\nBut, if you can get past those flaws, there are several things to enjoy in this spy parody/adventure, which comes across as a melding of late 60\u2019s flicks like Raquel Welch\u2019s \u201cFathom\u201d (1967) and \u201cBeyond the Valley of the Dolls\u201d (1970), but worse than both due to the issues noted above. Some highlights include the Spanish coastal locations, the groovy percussion-oriented soundtrack, the late 60\u2019s chic and a few good-looking 60\u2019s babes. Speaking of which Reynaud was 37 during shooting and Yanni 29. Neither do much for me (they\u2019re a little too slinky), but I definitely prefer Reynaud as far as sex appeal goes. Unfortunately, with the exception of a couple of outfits, the 60\u2019s apparel they\u2019re laden with doesn\u2019t exactly augment their beauty.                            \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 15 minutes and was shot in Spain with one part in Munich, Germany. ADDITIONAL WRITERS: Luis Revenga & Karl Heinz Mannchen. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": []}