{"tmdb_id": 12596, "title": "Les Aiguilleurs", "original_title": "Pushing Tin", "slug_title": "les-aiguilleurs", "date": "1999-04-23", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Nick Falzone est heureux. Mari\u00e9 \u00e0 une femme charmante, Connie, il est aussi p\u00e8re de deux enfants. Nick est contr\u00f4leur a\u00e9rien, un m\u00e9tier extr\u00eamement stressant, mais il a la satisfaction d'\u00eatre le meilleur. Ses certitudes sont \u00e9branl\u00e9es le jour o\u00f9 Russell Bell d\u00e9barque dans sa vie. Personnage casse-cou entre le cow-boy \u00e0 moto et le ma\u00eetre zen, il est mari\u00e9 \u00e0 Mary, qui ne laisse pas Nick indiff\u00e9rent. Dans la salle de contr\u00f4le, une rivalit\u00e9 s'instaure rapidement entre les deux hommes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5m5FwZiAIYBzardv0FaWeGRGn6q.jpg", "actors": ["John Cusack (Nick Falzone)", "Billy Bob Thornton (Russell Bell)", "Cate Blanchett (Connie Falzone)", "Angelina Jolie (Mary Bell)", "Gene Dinovi (Enzo Sorrento)", "Vicki Lewis (Tina Leary)", "Kurt Fuller (Ed Clabes)", "Jake Weber (Barry Plotkin)", "Matt Ross (Ron Hewitt)", "Mike O'Malley (Pete)", "John Carroll Lynch (Doctor Freeze)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "The amusing competiveness of two very different air traffic controllers (Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack)  \r\n\r\nA rivalry develops between two air traffic controllers in New York City: Nick (John Cusack) is young, swaggering and high strung while Russell (Billy Bob Thornton) is seasoned, self-controlled and laidback.\r\n\r\n\u201cPushing Tin\u201d is a quirky drama with a healthy sense of humor and potent adult-oriented themes revolving around love, sex and loyalty. The high stress nature of the occupation is emphasized while amusing the viewer in an offbeat way and driving home some insights on the broken human condition and glorious potential.\r\n\r\nA youthful Cate Blanchett plays Nick\u2019s stay-at-home wife, Connie. She was 29 years-old during shooting. Meanwhile Angelina Jolie plays Russell\u2019s much-younger wife, Mary, who has alcohol issues; she was 23 playing a 21 year-old. Whist Jolie is made out to be the hot babe, and she is alluring, it\u2019s Blanchett who steals the show on the babelicious meter IMHO. Petite cutie Vicki Lewis is also on hand as the lone female air traffic controller; she was 38 during filming.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 4 minutes and was shot in the Toronto area, with some scenes in New Jersey/New York City, Minnesota and Victorville, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [12772, 9452, 16379, 10608]}