{"tmdb_id": 12617, "title": "Pi\u00e8ge \u00e0 minuit", "original_title": "Midnight Lace", "slug_title": "piege-a-minuit", "date": "1960-10-13", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Kit, une jeune et riche h\u00e9riti\u00e8re am\u00e9ricaine, est l'\u00e9pouse d'un puissant banquier britannique. Bien que combl\u00e9e, elle d\u00e9plore quelque peu les absences r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9es de son \u00e9poux, souvent retenu par ses obligations. Un soir, alors qu'elle rentre chez elle, Kit entend une voix dans le brouillard qui prof\u00e8re \u00e0 son \u00e9gard des menaces de mort. Aux yeux de Tony, son mari, il ne s'agit que d'une plaisanterie de mauvais go\u00fbt. Le lendemain, Kit \u00e9chappe de peu \u00e0 un attentat. Peu apr\u00e8s, un inconnu lui t\u00e9l\u00e9phone. Il est clair que la menace est s\u00e9rieuse. Tony et Kit font appel \u00e0 Scotland Yard. Malgr\u00e9 l'intervention de la police, la jeune femme c\u00e8de \u00e0 la panique...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/78ZXwdW7d67VWi1mxAEX31ziI5F.jpg", "actors": ["Doris Day (Kit Preston)", "Rex Harrison (Anthony 'Tony' Preston)", "John Gavin (Brian Younger)", "Myrna Loy (Beatrice)", "Roddy McDowall (Malcolm)", "Herbert Marshall (Charles Manning)", "Natasha Parry (Peggy Thompson)", "Hermione Baddeley (Dora Hammer)", "John Williams (Inspector Byrnes)", "Richard Ney (Daniel Graham)", "Anthony Dawson (Roy Ash)", "Rhys Williams (Victor Elliot)", "Richard Lupino (Simon Foster)", "Hayden Rorke (Dr. Garver)", "Doris Lloyd (Nora Stanley - Housekeeper)", "Colin Kenny (Pub Patron)", "Bert Stevens (Ballet Audience Spectator)", "Arthur Tovey (Commuter at Terminal)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Matilda Shouted Fire.\r\n\r\nMidnight Lace is directed by David Miller and adapted to screenplay by Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts from the play Matilda Shouted Fire by Janet Green. It stars Doris Day, Rex Harrison, John Gavin, Myrna Loy, Roddy McDowall and Herbert Marshall. Music is by Frank Skinner and cinematography by Russell Metty.\r\n\r\nKit Preston (Day) is being stalked, but she can\u2019t get anyone to believe her. Is she going mad?\r\n\r\nThe \u201cwoman in peril\u201d thriller has always proved popular since the advent of film, Midnight Lace may not have the class or menace of something like Gaslight, but it\u2019s a splendid mystery thriller yarn. Pic sets its goals out from the start, as the delightful Miss Day is pursued through the pea souper fog by person unseen. Then the phone calls start, a weird voice at the end of the line issuing less than complimentary advice, but nobody is sure if she is really suffering these harassments.\r\n\r\nSo, enter a whole ream of suspects from weasels and schemers to the unbalanced and the too suave to be true, red-herrings now rule the roost and it\u2019s great fun. As things progress Kit\u2019s hysteria goes up a notch at a time until it\u2019s all out psychological bedlam. The big reveal is not exactly a surprise, but the enjoyment was in getting there. Unfortunately the production loses points for some sloppy editing and poor design for the London setting, the latter rendering the already fanciful story a fake feel that\u2019s hard to shake off; the theatrical origins evident for sure.\r\n\r\nStill, Harrison and Day can pretty much sell these characters in their sleep, and they are backed up by Gavin and Loy enjoying themselves. It makes up for what it doesn\u2019t have in atmospherics or freshness of formula, with honest to goodness entertainment values. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [23030, 4939, 30574, 198825]}