{"tmdb_id": 12625, "title": "Les Colts des sept mercenaires", "original_title": "Guns of the Magnificent Seven", "slug_title": "les-colts-des-sept-mercenaires", "date": "1969-07-14", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Western"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune r\u00e9volutionnaire mexicain va voir Chris : son chef Quintero a \u00e9t\u00e9 fait prisonnier par les troupes du Tyran Diaz. Il demande l'aide de Chris qui aussit\u00f4t se met en qu\u00eate de six autres mercenaires...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wrm2LD0Q9kIENDBVsilyrkAOdUP.jpg", "actors": ["George Kennedy (Chris)", "James Whitmore (Levi)", "Monte Markham (Keno)", "Reni Santoni (Max)", "Bernie Casey (Cassie)", "Scott Thomas (P.J.)", "Joe Don Baker (Slater)", "Tony Davis (Emil)", "Michael Ansara (Colonel Diego)", "Frank Silvera (Lobero)", "Wende Wagner (Tina)", "Sancho Gracia (Miguel)", "Luis Rivera (Lieutenant Prensa)", "George Rigaud (Gabriel)", "Fernando Rey (Quintero)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The cowards die many deaths... the brave only one.\r\n\r\nGuns of the Magnificent Seven is directed by Paul Wendkos and written by Herman Hoffman. It stars George Kennedy, James Whitmore, Monte Markham, Reni Santoni & Joe Don Baker. Music is by Elmer Bernstein and Antonio Macasoli is the cinematographer. It's the second sequel to The Magnificent Seven which was based on Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai. Plot finds Kennedy and his assembled group of gunmen hired to rescue a revolutionary from a Mexican dictator. \r\n\r\nRoutine but very watchable entry in the \"Seven\" franchise. It's nicely cast with Kennedy, Whitmore, Baker and Bernier Casey effective, and the photography from Macasoli is pleasing and makes the Spanish location feel period Mexico. There's also good value in the writing as regards the characters and their hang-ups, while the climax is high on noise and adrenalin. Clearly not a patch on the original film, and when it all comes down to it this film wasn't wanted or needed. But as it is, it's a decent time filler for those after a bit of standard gunslinging adventure. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43417, 12639, 86095, 63083], "youtube_key": "notfound"}