{"tmdb_id": 126323, "title": "Mine Games", "original_title": "Mine Games", "slug_title": "mine-games", "date": "2012-12-01", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de jeunes amis f\u00eatent la fin de l'universit\u00e9 dans une cabane isol\u00e9e. Ils n'auraient cependant pas d\u00fb p\u00e9n\u00e9trer dans la mine abandonn\u00e9e situ\u00e9e sur la propri\u00e9t\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9YSkIcALFCyVz2Dzd2lbzRSnXIO.jpg", "actors": ["Briana Evigan (Lyla)", "Julianna Guill (Claire)", "Rafi Gavron (Lex)", "Ethan Peck (Guy)", "Joseph Cross (Michael)", "Alex Meraz (TJ)", "Rebecca Da Costa (Rose)", "Lindsay Lamb (Sarah)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mine Games (2013)\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIf you go down to the mine today\u2026 \r\n\r\nA bunch of friends on vacation in the country discover a disused mine and find something most strange down in its depths. \r\n\r\nIt starts off in conventional fashion, pretty looking youngsters head off to a large cabin in the woods and after nearly running someone down in the road, they arrive at their destination but nothing is as it seems. The story then spins into another dimension, cribbing from better movies like Triangle and Identity, only the screenplay isn\u2019t strong enough to make a success of it, even confusing itself in the process.\r\n \r\n\r\nThings aren\u2019t helped by director and co-writer Richard Gray padding out the movie to meet the required run time to call it a feature length production. In truth there just isn\u2019t enough material here to extend beyond a one hour Twilight Zone episode, better editing and a better screenplay was definitely needed here. Gray over stretching his ambitions somewhat. \r\n\r\nThe cast of up coming Hollywood starlets give a mixed bunch of performances, while the low budget is often evident. Neither of these things, though, hurt the film as much as the aforementioned issues. There\u2019s a modicum of interest value here for those who like the films already mentioned above, but it\u2019s not a comfortable recommendation at all. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [14866, 101791, 117120, 169730]}