{"tmdb_id": 12651, "title": "Memphis Belle", "original_title": "Memphis Belle", "slug_title": "memphis-belle", "date": "1990-09-07", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre / Action"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Ce film est inspir\u00e9 par les faits d'armes du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre B-17 appel\u00e9 Memphis Belle. En 1943, ce bombardier a d\u00e9j\u00e0 24 missions \u00e0 son actif en Europe. Plus qu'une pour terminer son tour et rentrer aux \u00c9tats-Unis. Mais cette mission, la plus dangereuse, consiste \u00e0 bombarder Br\u00eame en plein territoire ennemi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/epsraI4swsSu9Fyefj7vPPhsOHK.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Modine (Capt. Dennis Dearborn)", "Eric Stoltz (Sgt. Danny \"Danny Boy\" Daly)", "Tate Donovan (1st Lt. Luke Sinclair)", "D. B. Sweeney (Lt. Phil Lowenthal)", "Billy Zane (Lt. Val \"Valentine\" Kozlowski)", "Sean Astin (Sgt. Richard \"Rascal\" Moore)", "Harry Connick Jr. (Sgt. Clay Busby)", "Bradley Lavelle (Sergeant)", "Reed Diamond (Sgt. Virgil Hoogesteger)", "Courtney Gains (Sgt. Eugene McVey)", "Neil Giuntoli (Sgt. Jack Bocci)", "David Strathairn (Col. Craig Harriman)", "John Lithgow (Lt.Col. Bruce Derringer)", "Jane Horrocks (Faith)", "Steven Mackintosh (Stan the Rookie)", "Martin McDougall (Footballer)", "Morag Siller (Farm Girl/Jitterbugger)", "Mac McDonald (Les)", "Jodie Brooke Wilson (Singer)", "Keith Edwards (S-2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hip hip, hooray...\r\n\r\nWorld War II and as the battle for the skies rages, the youthful crew of B-17 Bomber Memphis Belle embark on their 25th and final mission...\r\n\r\nDavid Puttnam co-produces with Catherine Wyler and Michael Caton-Jones directs this poignant and gripping WWII story. The crew of \"Belle\" are made up of a youth inflected cast of actors headed by the likes of Eric Stoltz, Sean Astin, Billy Zane and Matthew Modine, while John Lithgow and David Strathairn provide the mature acting weight on the ground hoping that the boys come back safely.\r\n\r\nIn truth it's all a bit too predictable, but never insultingly so, though research into the real exploits of the brave heroes involved reveals that Hollywood has, well, been Hollywood. Tech credits are a mixture of the brilliant and the poor, but when it involves the aerial sequences the film is stunning, and the makers do a sterling job of making \"Belle's\" final flight suspenseful and emotionally potent. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10652, 9080, 12518, 9545], "youtube_key": "M3HOGf8ajWw"}