{"tmdb_id": 12662, "title": "Psychose III", "original_title": "Psycho III", "slug_title": "psychose-iii", "date": "1986-04-02", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 cause de multiples meurtres commis en \u00e9tat de d\u00e9doublement de la personnalit\u00e9, Norman Bates a \u00e9t\u00e9 intern\u00e9 durant vingt-deux ann\u00e9es. Comme les psychiatres l'ont estim\u00e9 gu\u00e9ri, il est revenu s'occuper du motel familial. Les parents des victimes, scandalis\u00e9s, viennent le harceler mais ils le paieront de leur vie. Alors que l'entourage de Norman commence \u00e0 admettre sa gu\u00e9rison, Mme Spool, qui l'avait toujours d\u00e9fendu, dans sa folie et en se pr\u00e9tendant sa vraie m\u00e8re, va lui faire revivre sa psychose\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u4gyBtOnjg83pcOCqSyTbW91YxX.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Perkins (Norman Bates)", "Diana Scarwid (Maureen Coyle)", "Jeff Fahey (Duane Duke)", "Roberta Maxwell (Tracy Venable)", "Hugh Gillin (Sheriff John Hunt)", "Lee Garlington (Myrna)", "Robert Alan Browne (Ralph Statler)", "Gary Bayer (Father Brian)", "Patience Cleveland (Sister Margaret)", "Juliette Cummins (Red)", "Katt Shea (Patsy)", "Brinke Stevens (Body Double)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Retreads the original, but with interesting additions\r\n\r\nA month after the events of \u201cPsycho II\u201d (1983), a grief-stricken former nun (Diana Scarwid), a wannabe rock star (Jeff Fahey), a meddling reporter (Roberta Maxwell) and a bunch of football fans converge on the Bates Motel and the crazy world of Norman Bates (Anthony Hopkins).\r\n\r\nLike the previous installment, \u201cPsycho III\u201d (1986) is a quality continuation of the iconic 1960 film, but more of a retread, which is why some call it a spiritual remake. I like it a little better than the prior sequel because it omits the contrived and confusing twists & turns of the second half. (But, if you seriously reflect on \u201cPsycho II,\u201d everything makes sense after the climatic reveal; you just have to put the pieces of the puzzle together).\r\n\r\nBesides Scarwid, the film scores pretty well in the female department with comely redhead Juliette Cummins from \u201cFriday the 13th Part V\u201d (1985) and brunette Katt Shea. The film effectively contrasts lust and love. In addition, Fahey makes for an entertaining character and I like the addition of the celebratory football fanatics. There\u2019s some atmospheric cinematography as well, directed by Perkins. \r\n\r\nWhat\u2019s great about the Psycho franchise is that it has its own story and Norman is a sympathetic character. It\u2019s really a tragedy and not like the formulaic slasher where the killer is a zombie-like machine and all its victims are mostly partying teenagers.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 33 minutes and, like the other two films, was shot at the backlot of Universal Studios, Universal City, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [40377, 10576, 39929, 34312]}