{"tmdb_id": 126766, "title": "Sur la piste des Comanches", "original_title": "Fort Dobbs", "slug_title": "sur-la-piste-des-comanches", "date": "1958-04-18", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un homme accus\u00e9 de meurtre vient en aide \u00e0 une femme et \u00e0 son fils, victimes d'une attaque des Apaches.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rUEn5MqCRjcNO6xXvdpRMsxhzok.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Walker (Gar Davis)", "Virginia Mayo (Celia Gray)", "Brian Keith (Clett)", "Richard Eyer (Chad Gray)", "Michael Dante (Billings)", "Russ Conway (Sheriff of Largo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fifteen Bullets from Fort Dobbs.\r\n\r\nFort Dobbs is directed by Gordon Douglas and written by George W. George and Burt Kennedy. It stars Clint Walker, Virginia Mayo, Brian Keith, Richard Eyer, Russ Conway and Michael Dante. Music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by William H. Clothier.\r\n\r\nAfter his appealing run in the TV series Cheyenne, it was inevitable that Clint Walker would make the transition to big screen fare. Here for his first feature length outing, we get the marker for his career that would follow. Never blessed with great acting talent, Walker was however a mighty presence, and handsome to boot, and he is the prime reason why Fort Dobbs is a better than average experience.\r\n\r\nPlot basically has Walker as Gar Davis, a fugitive of justice who hooks up for a travelogue with Celia Grey (Mayo) and her son Chad (Eyer). Along the way there is Comanche peril, shifty companionship in the form of Clett (Keith) and a cunning twist that strains the relationship between Gar and the Greys. The wonderful Henry Repeater Rifle comes into play, very much so, and it provides some kinetic excitement, and it all builds to a rousing finale of explosions and stunts, while of course redemption and the truths will out. Clothier and Steiner further cement their reputations as skilled craftsmen, with the former beautifully realising the Kanab locations in black and white, and Douglas knows his way around a good honest Oater. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}