{"tmdb_id": 12707, "title": "Orca", "original_title": "Orca: The Killer Whale", "slug_title": "orca", "date": "1977-07-22", "genre": "Drame / Aventure / Horreur", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Orca raconte l'histoire d'un homme, le capitaine Nolan, et d'un \u00e9paulard (autre nom de l'orque). Avec son \u00e9quipage, Annie, Paul et Novak, Nolan p\u00eache le requin. Il revend les animaux qu'il capture \u00e0 des aquariums. Un jour, il rencontre Rachel, une professeur d'universit\u00e9 qui voue une passion pour les \u00e9paulards. Nolan se met alors en t\u00eate d'attraper un de ces animaux, en esp\u00e9rant en tirer un profit plus important. Lors de sa tentative de capture, il blesse mortellement un \u00e9paulard femelle qui \u00e9tait sur le point de mettre bas. D\u00e8s lors, le m\u00e2le, furieux, prend en chasse le bateau du capitaine. Il le poursuivra jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'il obtienne sa vengeance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m2qDT5ZPBxNQDUhxYMImU9AAbmn.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Harris (Captain Nolan)", "Charlotte Rampling (Rachel Bedford)", "Will Sampson (Umilak)", "Bo Derek (Annie)", "Keenan Wynn (Novak)", "Robert Carradine (Ken)", "Scott Walker (Al Swain)", "Peter Hooten (Paul)", "Wayne Heffley (Priester)", "Vincent Gentile (Gas Station Attendant)", "Don Barry (Dock Worker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Not great like \u201cJaws,\u201d but a moving maritime tragedy and, in ways, magnificent \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1977 and directed by Michael Anderson, \"Orca\" stars Richard Harris as a Newfoundland fisherman trying to make some big money by capturing a killer whale for a marine park. Unfortunately he ends up horribly botching the job, which incurs the vengeful wrath of the father killer whale.\r\n\r\nComing out two years after the blockbuster \u201cJaws,\u201d this is sort of a knockoff, but it\u2019s too different in story/tone to be cheap imitation, although there are obvious similarities: The last third of the film involves a boat crew sailing out to sea to take on the oceanic antagonist; and another scene where an individual slides down a leaning platform toward the marine creature. In any case, \u201cOrca\u201d may not be technically as good as \"Jaws\" but it certainly has its unique attractions.\r\n\r\nThe story is a maritime tragedy and utterly serious in tone with no lightness to be seen, like in \u201cPiranha\u201d (1978). The melodramatic plot basically inverts Melville\u2019s \u201cMoby Dick\u201d wherein in the whale takes the place of bitter Ahab. The score by Ennio Morricone (e.g. \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\") is equal-parts beautiful, touching and haunting. Also, the casting is great: Harris is perfect as the aging sea salt, Charlotte Rampling is super sharp & intellectual as the cetacean biologist, Will Sampson (\"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest\") is great (and clich\u00e9d) as the Indian sage with his wise, foreboding words and Bo Derek is, well, you know.\r\n\r\nIn addition, the Newfoundland locations are fabulous and, at about an hour and a half, the film is short and sweet; so there's not much filler. That said, people suffering ADHD might complain that the pace is a little slow at times.\r\n\r\nA couple of notable scenes come to mind: The unsettling sequence where Orca's mate aborts her calf while strung up on the vessel; and the one where Orca causes mass destruction in the village at night whereupon Nolan (Harris) gazes at the havoc while the whale jumps in and out of the water in elation.\r\n\r\nLet me close by emphasizing that \u201cOrca\u201d is NOT a Grade B creature-on-the-loose flick (e.g. 2000\u2019s \"Crocodile\"); it's a serious and moving tragedy.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 92 minutes. WRITERS: Luciano Vincenzoni, Sergio Donati and Robert Towne, based on Arthur Herzog\u2019s novel.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [33518, 15379, 95663, 10730]}