{"tmdb_id": 127374, "title": "Arthur Newman", "original_title": "Arthur Newman", "slug_title": "arthur-newman", "date": "2012-09-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Wallace Avery ne supporte plus sa vie. Divorc\u00e9 et insatisfait en amour, il a m\u00eame laiss\u00e9 la distance s\u2019installer entre lui et son fils. Il opte alors pour une solution radicale : il met en sc\u00e8ne sa propre mort, s\u2019ach\u00e8te une nouvelle identit\u00e9 \u2013 Arthur Newman \u2013 et met le cap sur son paradis personnel \u2013 Terre Haute dans l\u2019Indiana \u2013 o\u00f9 il esp\u00e8re pouvoir devenir golfeur professionnel. Car pour avoir droit \u00e0 une deuxi\u00e8me chance, Wallace estime qu\u2019il lui faut se glisser dans la peau de quelqu\u2019un d\u2019autre. Mais ses plans sont remis en question quand il croise la route de Michaela Fitzgerald qu\u2019il d\u00e9couvre sans connaissance au bord de la piscine d\u2019un motel. Tandis qu\u2019elle met deux heures \u00e0 comprendre qui se cache derri\u00e8re \u00abArthur Newman\u00bb, il faut bien plus de temps \u00e0 Wallace pour percer \u00e0 jour la v\u00e9ritable identit\u00e9 de la jeune femme\u2026 Peu \u00e0 peu, ces deux \u00eatres qui tentent d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment de changer d\u2019identit\u00e9 s\u2019accepteront tels qu\u2019ils sont et s\u2019\u00e9prendront l\u2019un de l\u2019autre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cc7HVlHOqBHGwTdg4XUG7AfzTjc.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Firth (Arthur Newman)", "Emily Blunt (Mike Fitzgerald)", "Anne Heche (Mina Crawley)", "David Andrews (Fred Willoughby)", "Sterling Beaumon (Grant)", "Kristin Lehman (Mary Alice Wells)", "Nicole LaLiberte (Silverlake / Echo Park Hipster Artsy Bohemian Girl)", "Autumn Dial (Charyl)", "Lucas Hedges (Kevin  Avery)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Arthur Newman's obviously trying to be a new man!**\r\n\r\nI like this kind of films to watch occasionally. I am not talking about the story, but the type of comedy. Like two unusual characters go on a ride and each one set to rediscover themselves. This one was a bit more than that. It tells the story of a divorced man who is not happy with his life, so decides to fake his death and take up a new identity to live somewhere else. Then he meets a woman who is throwing up her life for nothing. Now these two join hands for an unexpected adventure to an unknown destination. Well, they head towards with an intention, but without the plan to accomplish in a way. Very fun, but not like loudly laughable or even with a little smile. You will get that while you watch it.\r\n\r\nBoth the British actors played the American role, but still with the British accent. They were good, I liked their combo, as well as the characters. The film was enjoyable, but something says it's not all well. It's not the production or the screenplay, or even the directional inexperience. It could be the thematic which was like from pre 60s or 70s. I bet you will remember the title 'Sullivan's Travels' and other similar. Basically, it is not comparable with others, but feels familiar with how everything was developed. So it is not for everyone, but some people might think it is very good. I stand in-between, but I don't know you are one of those, so why not try it and decide yourself.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [94671, 249169, 177047, 78088]}