{"tmdb_id": 127542, "title": "Escape", "original_title": "Escape", "slug_title": "escape", "date": "2012-01-21", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Mari et femme m\u00e9decins Paul et Kim Jordan besoin d'un changement radical. Affol\u00e9 par la mort inexplicable de leur b\u00e9b\u00e9, Paul (C. Thomas Howell) convainc Kim \u00e0 abandonner leurs vies am\u00e9ricaines et rejoindre une mission m\u00e9dicale en Tha\u00eflande. Il semble \u00eatre juste la distraction dont ils ont besoin, jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 Paul est enlev\u00e9e par des trafiquants qui ont besoin d'un chirurgien pour op\u00e9rer sur leur chef bless\u00e9. Kim est laiss\u00e9 seul dans un pays \u00e9tranger, essayant d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment de trouver son mari avec aucune preuve de ce qui s'est pass\u00e9. Alors captive sur l'\u00eele isol\u00e9e des gangs de, Paul est en cage avec Malcolm Andrews (John Rhys-Davies), un Anglais \u00e9tant d\u00e9tenus \u00e0 des fins de ran\u00e7on. N'ayant rien \u00e0 faire, mais parler, les deux hommes se heurtent rapidement .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fox6VHKWzcSFSoW0VzCjVDdgWLQ.jpg", "actors": ["Anora Lyn ()", "Blaize Andres ()", "Celicia Arnold ()", "John Rhys-Davies (Malcom Andrews)", "C. Thomas Howell (Paul Jordan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "patricky", "content": "**Dove Worldview:**\r\nThis is a tremendous story of redemption, a quality production with terrific actors leading the way. C. Thomas Howell plays a doctor named Paul who, along with his wife, Kim, head to Thailand to medically treat the poor. Kim is a believer who reads her Bible but Paul is skeptical, even comparing the Bible as the kind of story in which she shouldn't go down the rabbit hole (as in \"Alice in Wonderland\").\r\n\r\nHowever, all does not go well for Paul and when he is summoned to care for a pregnant woman he learns he has been tricked and has actually been called to care for the captain of a group of pirates. While kidnapped, the pirates are slow to follow doctor's orders and place their captain in danger. Paul crosses the path of Malcolm Andrews (John Rhys-Davies) who was kidnapped by the pirates and put in a cell after they stole his boat. Malcolm is a Christian and begins to work on Paul. They plan their escape and soon find themselves in as much danger, or more, as when they were captured.\r\n\r\nThis story speaks of sacrifice, love and faith and is one of the best DVDs I have seen in recent memory. The suspense of the plot builds as the story progresses and it's bold statement of faith is refreshing. We strongly urge families watch this DVD together and we are suggesting it for ages twelve plus due to a few intense scenes. \"Escape\" is a terrific thriller with spiritual overtones. It is not to be missed. Five Doves without reservation for this one!"}], "recommandations_id": []}