{"tmdb_id": 127748, "title": "La Toubib du regiment", "original_title": "La dottoressa del distretto militare", "slug_title": "la-toubib-du-regiment", "date": "1976-01-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "Dans une caserne, des appeles reticents au service militaire se font porter pales a l'infirmerie. L'un d'eux tente de seduire la nouvelle doctoresse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lUth4KgqqFjSuyn0LFaP6J5mqYr.jpg", "actors": ["Edwige Fenech (Dottoressa Elena Dogliozzi)", "Alvaro Vitali (Alvaro Pappalardo)", "Alfredo Pea (Gianni Montano)", "Carlo Delle Piane (Capitano medico)", "Gianfranco D'Angelo (Prof. Federico Frustalupi)", "Mario Carotenuto (Colonnello Farina)", "Guerrino Crivello (Armando Mazzucca, il soldato senza organi genitali)", "Angelo Pellegrino (Oreste Marmittoni, il travestito)", "Dante Cleri (Paziente in giardino)", "Nino Terzo (L'infermiere Pezzullo)", "Renzo Ozzano (Soldato guardone)", "Lucio Montanaro (Soldato barese)", "Maria De Sisti (Farfallina)", "Jimmy il Fenomeno (Suora che lava il pavimento)", "Grazia Di Marz\u00e0 (Suora)", "Francesco Narducci (dottore)", "Franca Scagnetti (passante)", "Dante Cona (malato)", "Alfonso Tomas (Nicola il parrucchiere)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "When calibrating softcore movies, one has to use a different yardstick to review and rate them. That yardstick has to be adjusted again when evaluating American vs. European softcore (I personally prefer the Euro ones). The unstated but ultimate purpose of these flix is not only to entertain but to stimulate the viewer, and the best do both. But there are very few that succeed. If you don't believe this, I envy your naivet\u00e9.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, this one does neither, and not even the inclusion of 70`s Eurosiren Edwige Fenech can get this one off life-support. It's set in a military hospital where the new recruits fake all sorts of illnesses to avoid reporting for active duty. There's not much more plot than that, the comedy is vulgar toilet humor coupled with stupid-facial-expressions that permeate the worst of Italian comedies. Poorly dubbing it in English only makes it more painful to endure.\r\n\r\nThe highlight of this silly farce is a dream sequence with Edwige Fenech naked on a hospital bed while a nun is farting soap bubbles...if you want to see the splendid virtues of Fenech in decent comedies, go with 'The Virgo, The Taurus And The Capricorn', 'Lover Boy', 'Cattivi Pensieri' or 'Giovannova Long Thigh'. And I'm STILL waiting for someone to re-release 'Sex With A Smile' and it's sequel... but I've always been a dreamer..."}], "recommandations_id": [138857, 151025, 3703, 81198]}