{"tmdb_id": 12772, "title": "En toute bonne foi", "original_title": "Leap of Faith", "slug_title": "en-toute-bonne-foi", "date": "1992-12-18", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Jonas Nightengale est un gu\u00e9risseur de foi chr\u00e9tienne frauduleuse qui fait vivre voyager autour de l'Am\u00e9rique tenue de r\u00e9unions de r\u00e9veil et de mener des \u00ab miracles \u00bb avec l'aide de son ami et manager, Jane, et leur entourage. L'un de leurs camions se d\u00e9compose en Rustwater, une ville d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment besoin de pluie pour sauver leurs r\u00e9coltes. En attendant des pi\u00e8ces de rechange, Jonas d\u00e9cide de tenir une r\u00e9union de r\u00e9veil dans la ville. Le sh\u00e9rif local, Will Braverman, est sceptique et tente d'emp\u00eacher sa ville et ses habitants d'\u00eatre escroqu\u00e9. Toutefois, un gar\u00e7on handicap\u00e9 local, Boyd, croit Jonas pourrait le faire marcher \u00e0 nouveau. Ev\u00e9nements Rustwater font Jonas examiner sa propre foi et des doutes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hNSUMwTdFjxAFgjgT8U4tL4fc93.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Martin (Jonas Nightengale)", "Debra Winger (Jane Larson)", "Lolita Davidovich (Marva)", "Liam Neeson (Sheriff Will Braverman)", "Lukas Haas (Boyd)", "Meat Loaf (Hoover)", "Philip Seymour Hoffman (Matt)", "M.C. Gainey (Tiny)", "LaChanze (Georgette)", "Delores Hall (Ornella)", "Albertina Walker (Lucille)", "Phyllis Somerville (Dolores)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Religious cons take advantage of the incurable human need for faith beyond the mundane***\r\n\r\n\u201cLeap of Faith\u201d (1992) tackles the topic of a fraudulent traveling evangelist/faith healer played by Steve Martin. One of the trucks of his religious circus breaks down in a small town in Kansas and Jonas Nightingale (Martin) promptly takes advantage of the situation by holding a camp meeting. Debra Winger plays his assistant while Liam Neeson is on hand as the skeptical sheriff who smells a con. Lolita Davidovich plays a waitress Jonas sets his eyes on while Lukas Haas appears as her crippled brother. Jonas\u2019 team includes the likes of Meat Loaf and Philip Seymour Hoffman.\r\n\r\nThis is a drama and not a comedy and owes a bit to the likes of \u201cThe Music Man\u201d (1962), \u201cDream No Evil,\u201d (1970) \u201cElmer Gantry\u201d (1960) and \u201cThe Faith Healer\u201d (1921). But it goes deeper into the philosophic wellsprings of human need: the quest for meaning in life and the longing for the eternal.\r\n\r\nJonas justifies his show on the grounds that it makes people feel better by entertaining and inspiring them. He works the crowd with what he has learned about human nature, zeroing in on those needing him the most with the help of his 'angels,' Jane (Winger) & crew. The average person throws $10-20 into the plate and they get entertainment and inspiration in return. They go home with a stronger faith. So what\u2019s the problem?  The Sheriff, Will (interesting name), sees the scam, but also sees, like realists do, the hypnotic draw of religion and the corresponding faith. He settles for trying to reach one of whom he senses genuineness.\r\n\r\nThe drama is a mishmash of kinetic parts, mundane parts, disturbing parts and moments of wonder. The ending is great, though, in that it both entertains & inspires; and you leave with a good feeling, ironically just like the people who visit Jonas\u2019 tent revival, lol.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 48 minutes and was shot entirely in the panhandle of Texas (Plainview, Groom, Tulia, Claude and Happy), plus studio stuff done in Irving.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [12596, 16384, 12518, 12714]}