{"tmdb_id": 127719, "title": "Backtrack!", "original_title": "Backtrack!", "slug_title": "backtrack", "date": "1969-05-26", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Sent to Mexico to buy a bull, a Wyoming cowhand (Doug McClure) teams up with three Texas Rangers to solve a robbery/murder.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ece4qeMVOISWP3KovvnqCTHopzF.jpg", "actors": ["Neville Brand (Texas Ranger Reese Bennett (archive footage))", "James Drury (Ramrod (archive footage))", "Doug McClure (Trampas (archive footage))", "Peter Brown (Texas Ranger Chad Cooper (archive footage))", "William Smith (Texas Ranger Joe Riley (archive footage))", "Philip Carey (Texas Ranger Capt. Edward A. Parmalee (archive footage))", "Ida Lupino (Mama Dolores (archive footage))", "Rhonda Fleming (Carmelita Flanagan (archive footage))", "Fernando Lamas (Capt. Estrada (archive footage))", "Royal Dano (Faraway (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All for one and one for all!\r\n\r\nAs evidenced by those who have bothered to write a review for this pic, this is a combination filmic blending of Western TV shows Laredo and The Virginian. Directed by Earl Bellamy and scripted by Borden Chase, it stars Neville Brand, Dough McClure, James Drury, Peter Brown, William Smith, Phillip Carey, Rhonda Fleming, Ida Lupino and Fernando Lamas. Plot has Wyoming cowhand and gambler Trampas (McClure) sent by his employer to Mexico to collect a bull. But during a stopover in Laredo he unwillingly joins up with three Texas Rangers on a dangerous mission into Mexico.\r\n\r\nConsidering the cobbled nature of the beast, this surprisingly is rather fun, certainly a worthwhile time investment for Western fans who are looking for some lighter genre time filling fare. There's a strong cast assembled, and they all turn in fun and lively performances, while there's enough action, japery and yee-haw peril to ensure the pic never falls flat. It's hardly a must see piece, and in fact overstays its welcome at an hour and half in length, but this Western version of The Three Musketeers is no dead loss. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}