{"tmdb_id": 127884, "title": "Come Out and Play", "original_title": "Come Out and Play", "slug_title": "come-out-and-play", "date": "2012-09-13", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "A couple take a vacation to a remote island - their last holiday together before they become parents. Soon after their arrival, they notice that no adults seem to be present - an observation that quickly presents a nightmarish reality.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Wsz4F4HaI1GzQdJ4ZG6MZpODaA.jpg", "actors": ["Vinessa Shaw (Beth)", "Ebon Moss-Bachrach (Francis)", "Daniel Gim\u00e9nez Cacho (The Man)", "Gerardo Taracena ()", "Alejandra \u00c1lvarez ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> An impressive title for a thriller, and, well, that's it!\r\n\r\nWell, I neither read the book, nor saw the old film. But I find this theme is very interesting and at the end of the watch I kind of disappointed. Of course it is a low budget film, which involves little kids in a bad light, but that does not mean they should completely censor the violence. I'm disappointed with those serious avoidance which very essential for a film like this. I agree the children performing such act should not be shown, but the theme was promised something and delivered nothing. On that perspective anyone would be frustrated if they came here to see a good thriller.\r\n\r\nSo you can call it a horror-thriller for the families, that's how it looks. It is the story of an American couple with the seven months pregnant visits a tourist island destination in Mexico and soon finds the town is deserted. While looking for other souls, they are targeted by those who were the reason for the scenario of the island. Then begins the run and chasing game, and how it all ends revealed with a tiny twist.\r\n\r\nAs I feared the film failed to impress me, but there might be a few who would enjoy it better than me. So all I'm saying is just skip it if you're seeking 'Hatchet' kind of film, this is no way near to that. For a 30-35 years ago film, it might have worked better, but this is an outdated story to take place in the present world. The theme was fantastic, but I just wanted a different story and upgraded with the new stuffs. Though I must appreciate the director who has done multiple task for this film to happen. Finally, I want to clear that it is not a bad film of the year or decade or ever, but just too soft for its genre, that's all.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [212673, 253477, 167673, 207273], "youtube_key": "OCigbK1I0y0"}