{"tmdb_id": 12780, "title": "Iron Monkey", "original_title": "\u5c11\u5e74\u9ec3\u98db\u9d3b\u4e4b\u9435\u99ac\u9a9d", "slug_title": "iron-monkey", "date": "1993-09-03", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville o\u00f9 r\u00e8gne la corruption, seul l'Iron Monkey, un bandit au coeur tendre, lutte contre les officiels. Lorsque Wong Kai-Ying et son jeune fils Wong Fei-Hong arrivent en ville, ils ne tarderont pas \u00e0 croiser son chemin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xn1RwKmUC1eDoZi8IrzyUcHJANw.jpg", "actors": ["Yu Rong-Guang (Dr. Yang (''Iron Monkey''))", "Donnie Yen (Wong Kei-ying)", "Jean Wang (Miss Orchid)", "Angie Tsang Sze-Man (Wong Fei-Hung)", "Yen Shi-Kwan (Wonder Palm Monk Hin Hung)", "James Wong (Governor Cheng Pak Fong)", "Yuen Shun-Yi (Master Fox)", "Lee Fai (Monk Hin Hung's disciple)", "Hsiao Ho (Monk Hin Hung's disciple)", "Chun Kwai-Bo (One of the bad monks)", "Chan Siu-Wah (One of the bad monks)", "Mandy Chan (One of the bad monks)", "Alex Yip Choi-Naam (One of the bad monks)", "Cheung Fung-Lei (Governor's favourite mistress)", "Sze Mei-Yee (Governor's advisor)", "William Duen (Fat rich patient)", "Dang Taai-Woh (Chief of thieves' gang)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Paco Hope", "content": "This is a great kung-fu action film set in historical China. The fight choreography is done by Yuen Wo Ping, who has choreographed fighting in a number of great films, and later choreographed the fighting in The Matrix. His style is stamped all over the fights in the movie. As Kung Fu films go Iron Monkey has an  interesting story woven in among familiar tropes. You see plenty of thugs get their comeuppance and there are a few light comedy scenes as well. The story centres around the \"Iron Monkey\", a Robin Hood-like character who robs from the rich and gives to the poor, who has a Batman-like secret identity. It is much more than \"your kung-fu is no good, mine is better!\" and the main characters are genuinely likeable and well acted. I think the English voice actors do a pretty good job. The villains are cartoonish in their badness, and the heroes always win, which is typical of the genre. If you like the genre, this is definitely one worth watching. Because it has an interesting story, it's also fairly accessible to folks who are not big kung fu fans."}], "recommandations_id": [17809, 11143, 17653, 10617]}