{"tmdb_id": 127838, "title": "Sad Vacation", "original_title": "\u30b5\u30c3\u30c9 \u30f4\u30a1\u30b1\u30a4\u30b7\u30e7\u30f3", "slug_title": "sad-vacation", "date": "2007-09-08", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Kenji, abandoned by his mother, scrapes out a meager existence doing odd jobs including driving bar hostesses and their customers home. Besides this he takes care of the sister of an old friend in jail and a young illegal immigrant. But his life reaches a turning point when he happens to meet Chiyoko, his long lost mother. She is now married to Mamiya, the owner of an express package delivery service. They also have a teenage son, Yusuke. Subdued feelings of alarm, discomfort and resentment between Chiyoko, Kenji, and his half brother Yusuke hide underneath and are seemingly caused by the inseparable blood ties that seem to wield control over everyone's destiny. Is blood that powerful? What exactly defines a mother or a father? While Kenji struggles with these questions and attempts to escape his fate, Chiyoko seems content to let these issues unfold and find a solution. Where will it ultimately lead them?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bqpueFITvE4hPEyuP4THvpNWkOM.jpg", "actors": ["Tadanobu Asano (Kenji Shiraishi)", "Eri Ishida (Chiyoko Mamiya)", "Aoi Miyazaki (Kozue Tamura)", "Yuka Itaya (Saeko Shiina)", "Joe Odagiri (Goto)", "Y\u00fbsuke Kawazu ()", "Kengo Kora ()", "Ken Mitsuishi ()", "Katsuo Nakamura ()", "Y\u00f4ichir\u00f4 Sait\u00f4 ()", "Kyusaku Shimada ()", "Kosuke Toyohara ()", "Maho Toyota ()", "Kaori Tsuji ()", "Hikohiko Sugiyama ()", "Shigeru Honma ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}