{"tmdb_id": 128281, "title": "I Am Gabriel", "original_title": "I Am Gabriel", "slug_title": "i-am-gabriel", "date": "2012-08-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "An unforgiving sun, a parched earth, and a failed economy have left a small Texas town desolate. For ten years Promise, Texas has known nothing but one curse after another. It's barren, broken, and dying, leaving a town full of despair. When a couple finds a boy walking along a dusty road, alone in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but a mat tucked under his arm, they pick him up in hopes of helping him. What they don't realize is that he has come to help them and the residents of Promise. No one knows who he is or where he came from. Some think he's an answer to prayer. Others think he's a runaway or a false prophet. And the only thing this boy will say about himself is that he's here to help. The town's sheriff, Brody, is determined to uncover the truth. But Brody has his own problems trying to hold a dying town together. Miracle after miracle takes place and the residents of Promise embrace the boy... Written by Mike Norris", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rkQwPjPvnpd9gdHubdeHyyw5hoI.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Cain (Sheriff Brody)", "Gavin Casalegno (Gabriel)", "Elise Baughman (Ellen Murphy)", "Carey Scott (Joe Murphy)", "Tanner Fontana (Gabriel's altar witness)", "Logan Casalegno (Classroom Student)", "Major Dodson (Student)", "Brooke Fontana (Girl With Praying Hands at Gabriel Reveal)", "Lanie Taylor (Classroom student)", "Morgan Alana Taylor (Student/Towns Person)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [153333, 108714, 75576, 71201], "youtube_key": "aDbF6fmNF5w"}