{"tmdb_id": 128606, "title": "The Gun That Won the West", "original_title": "The Gun That Won the West", "slug_title": "the-gun-that-won-the-west", "date": "1955-09-01", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Western"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "In the late 1880s, Colonel Carrington and his command are assigned the job of constructing a chain of forts in the Sious Indian territory of Wyoming. Carrington recruits former cavalry scouts Jim Bridger and \"Dakota Jack\" Gaines to lead the project. Bridger and Gaines are friendly with Sioux chief Red Cloud, and they feel a peace treaty with the Indians can be made. If an Indian-war breaks out, the cavalry is depending on getting a new type of Springfield rifle. Bridger, Gaines and Gaines wife, Maxine, arrive at the fort for the conference. Gaines, in a drunken fit, tries to intimidate the Indians unto signing a treaty. Chied Red Fox threatens war if his territory is invaded by any troops building forts.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bpIEyWvu49TtIXKRwSqGMg6AlBa.jpg", "actors": ["Dennis Morgan (Jim Bridger)", "Paula Raymond (Mrs. Max Gaines)", "Richard Denning ('Dakota' Jack Gaines)", "Chris O'Brien (Sgt. Timothy Carnahan)", "Robert Bice (Chief Red Cloud)", "Michael Morgan (Afraid of Horses)", "Roy Gordon (Colonel Carrington)", "Howard Wright (General Pope)", "Victor Adamson (Soldier (uncredited))", "Edward Coch (Cavalry Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}