{"tmdb_id": 128882, "title": "Tire, Django, tire !", "original_title": "Spara, Gringo, spara", "slug_title": "tire-django-tire", "date": "1968-08-31", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Gutierrez offre \u00e0 Stark de le sauver de la pendaison s'il accepte de retrouver son fils Fidel. Celui-ci a rejoint une bande de hors-la-loi. Mais Stark d\u00e9couvre que Fidel n'est pas le fils de Gutierrez...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tKNPxDqKxgfzf2e3hCSVlUkD6De.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Kelly (Chad Stark / Django)", "Fabrizio Moroni (Fidel)", "Keenan Wynn (Major Charlie Doneghan)", "Erika Blanc (Sally Londonberry / Jocelyn)", "Folco Lulli (Don Hernando Gutierrez)", "Rik Battaglia (Captain Norton)", "Linda Sini (Sol Gutierrez)", "Giovanni Pallavicino (Davy)", "Luigi Bonos (Sergeant Peck)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kaltfunken", "content": "Spaghetti western by Bruno Corbucci, the younger brother of Sergio, that has difficulties choosing it's style, hard and serious or light-hearted and comic. This beeing one of the major flaws of the movie. It has some weird and/or cool ingredients, one of the main characters weelds a whip, while the other one is constantly eating peanuts, and there is the major that loves his duck. The story is decent enough but not much innovative. Some of the shootouts are overdone with stuntman falling down the roofs rather than having some variety in it. On the other hand the two lead actors, Brian Kelly and Fabrizio Moroni, do a more than descent job and the movie features some great desert scenes, which are among the best of the film. The score is also over average but not as brilliant as the more memorable spaghetti western scores."}], "recommandations_id": []}