{"tmdb_id": 128851, "title": "Le Tueur du Montana", "original_title": "Gunsmoke", "slug_title": "le-tueur-du-montana", "date": "1953-03-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Kittridge est engag\u00e9 par les Villans, mais se d\u00e9fendre le propri\u00e9taire d'un ranch saxon apr\u00e8s avoir appris la v\u00e9ritable situation. Kittrige remporte le ranch de Saxon avec une coupe des cartes, mais saxonne a d'autres raisons de perdre le pari. Telford et le lac tout essayer de bushwacking \u00e0 mettre un feu de for\u00eat pour arr\u00eater le troupeau saxon / Kittridge du b\u00e9tail d'atteindre la t\u00eate de ligne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8wBNdM4NMkYsTptDjrnnoxKpsyV.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Reb Kittredge)", "Susan Cabot (Rita Saxon)", "Paul Kelly (Dan Saxon)", "Charles Drake (Johnny Lake)", "Mary Castle (Cora Dufrayne)", "Jack Kelly (Curly Mather)", "Jesse White (Professor)", "William Reynolds (Brazos)", "Donald Randolph (Matt Telford)", "Chubby Johnson (Doc Farrell)", "Philo McCullough (Abner Sneed (scenes deleted))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I never did like to shoot my friends.\r\n\r\nGunsmoke is directed by Nathan Juran and adapted to screenplay by D.D. Beauchamp from the novel Roughshod written by Norman A. Fox. It stars Audie Murphy, Susan Cabot and Paul Kelly. Music is supervised by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Charles P. Boyle.\r\n\r\nA safe recommendation to Western fans who just want to be entertained by an Audie Murphy picture of no pretensions. Nicely filmed out of Big Bear Valley, San Bernardino National Forest, it's an unassuming film that follows familiar B Western plotting. Bad guy has reform in him and finds it when he ends up fighting for the underdog and falling in love with the daughter of said underdog. Characters are well defined, pace is brisk and the action is well constructed by Juran (latterly 7th Voyage of Sinbad/Jack the Giant Killer). Enjoy the shoot-outs, the cattle drive, the wagon down the hill sequence (those stunt workers rock!), and get on board with the devilishly handsome Murphy and the heart achingly sexy Cabot (check out how she carries off a red number during one scene as she gets the boys all hot and bothered).\r\n\r\nIt's not original and it doesn't bring any psychological smarts to the narrative, but it plays the clich\u00e9s well and all involved deliver a professional and good looking picture. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}