{"tmdb_id": 129047, "title": "Cave of Outlaws", "original_title": "Cave of Outlaws", "slug_title": "cave-of-outlaws", "date": "1951-11-15", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s6cuV5J7las4CbCHZnnE7icKmOA.jpg", "actors": ["Macdonald Carey (Pete Carver)", "Alexis Smith (Elizabeth Trent)", "Edgar Buchanan (Dobbs)", "Victor Jory (Ben Cross)", "Hugh O'Brian (Garth)", "Houseley Stevenson (Cooley)", "Hugh Sanders (Sheriff)", "Raymond Bond (Doc)", "Robert Osterloh (Blackhack)", "Russ Tamblyn (Young Peter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The gold in that cave corrupts us all.\r\n\r\nCave of Outlaws is directed by William Castle and written by Elizabeth Wilson. It stars MacDonald Carey, Alexis Smith, Edgar Buchanan, Victor Jory, Hugh O'Brian and Houseley Stevenson. A Technicolor production out of Universal International Pictures, with music scored by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Irving Glassberg.\r\n\r\n1895 and Pete Carver (Carey) is released from Kansas State Prison, he is the only survivor of a gold robbery 15 years earlier that saw his father killed in caves near Cooper Bend, Arizona. The gold was never recovered, and now Carver is back in Copper Bend, and this place, its inhabitants, are about to be privy to greed, treachery and murderous secrets of the past.\r\n\r\nWilliam Castle was 7 years away from making his lasting mark on cinema, where his scare tactic gimmicks used to accompany his horror movies ensured him a lasting reputation as a showman producer with tactical nous. Prior to this he was a jobbing director, churning out a number of low rank and file pictures that are rarely mentioned and mostly forgotten about. The odd one, mind, is worthy of spending time with on a Sunday afternoon. One such film is Cave of Outlaws, a Western that certainly doesn't shake the earth or raise the pulse considerably, but has enough interesting locales and quality of story to render it as watchable fodder for the B Western fan.\r\n\r\nStandard formula applies here, man has mission to accomplish, gold is the route of all evil, pretty girl offers hope of romantic redemption, but villains and the law are spoiling the broth. There's no great stand out action sequences, but they are well handled by the director and stunt men, with a couple of good old fist fights to brighten the day. The Technicolor print is nice and with Glassberg and Castle making great use of the eerie Carlsbad Caverns and the lovely exteriors at Vasquez Rocks, picture is always pleasing on the eye. Cast are modest, but nothing to annoy or hinder, though it's unusual to see Buchanan turn in an average portrayal. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [145966, 233795, 148847, 204994]}