{"tmdb_id": 129171, "title": "Fox Ghost", "original_title": "Liao zhai zhi yi: Nie yu gu gui", "slug_title": "fox-ghost", "date": "2002-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "To is a \"diamond\"--a handsome, outstanding student and always wins women's hearts. He is honored by tycoon Keung and soon married his daughter. To prepare for the upcoming exam, To moves in an abandoned house. During his stay, he meets two sexy, beautiful, and troublesome ghosts. However, he manages to tame them and falls in love with them. While he is on the way to the exam, he gets dragged in a dangerous situation. To asks the two ghosts for help...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xEoGh1IL3AGrrqoAhcjuYgHbX3D.jpg", "actors": ["Sophie Ngan Chin-Man (Ma Jia (Jiang Xiao-You))", "Patrick Keung Hiu-Man (Falun the Monk)", "Matthew Ng Ting (Tao Wang San)", "Miyuki H\u00f4rai (Qui Rong)", "Akeno Junko (Xiao Xie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "LDK", "content": "This was my first Sophie Ngan film and after watching this, I started looking for her in other titles - she really is that hot! This film was hard for me to understand, poor audio and poor subtitles but luckily the focus of the film was neither the plot nor the dialogue but rather contriving different ways to get the actresses in this film to get naked at all possible times.\r\n\r\nThe plot seems to revolve around a young man who has incredible luck with the ladies. Somehow he has two separate instances where he stumbles upon beautiful ladies in the woods who allow him to have his way with them. Well they turn out to be ghosts of some sort. At the same time he ends up marrying a beautiful young lady and all the practice he has with shagging comely ghosts comes in handy when introducing his new bride to the world of erotic delights. The new wife, played by Sophie Ngan falls for him and the two have many extended sex scenes showing off her amazing body.\r\n\r\nThe two ghosts manage to find our young hero alone on several occasions and engage in more hot and heavy sex either one-on-one or two-on-one. It makes for some really erotic viewing. Definitely not much fast-forwarding required for the second half of this film. It helps that both \"ghosts\" are lovely to look at yet different (example, one is bustier than the other)\r\n\r\nAt the conclusion some monk drops by, not sure why, and the end result is that the ghosts become mortal and become his 'extra' wives with wife #1 seemingly giving full approval as evidenced by the seemingly limitless sex this guy gets.\r\n\r\nIn my estimation, the lead actor is one of the luckiest thespians in Hong Kong history getting to paw at 3 lovely ladies. As for the movie, OK cinematography, not much plot, cheap looking sets, but awesome looking ladies. Sophie was an eyeful. The two ghosts were very sexy as well.\r\n\r\n7/10 by J Charles"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}