{"tmdb_id": 12919, "title": "L'Amour ne s'ach\u00e8te pas", "original_title": "Can't Buy Me Love", "slug_title": "l-amour-ne-s-achete-pas", "date": "1987-08-14", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance / Familial"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Ronald, lyc\u00e9en de 18 ans, intellectuel binoclard et coinc\u00e9, reve de devenir populaire et d'etre adul\u00e9 par les filles comme ses copains. Cindy, belle et sophistiqu\u00e9e, est son idole. Celle-ci, \u00e0 la suite d'un incident, a besoin d'argent. Elle accepte \u00e0 contre-coeur de faire semblant d'\u00eatre sa fianc\u00e9e et en profite pour le transformer : nouvelle coupe de cheveux, tenues \"branch\u00e9es\" etc... R\u00e9sultat : Ronald, lib\u00e9r\u00e9, devient soudain populaire et tr\u00e8s demand\u00e9 par les filles. Il ne s'aper\u00e7oit meme pas que Cindy est amoureuse de lui...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/geOwlE0QhYQoIt3JiGzNOPeZ64G.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Dempsey (Ronald Miller)", "Amanda Peterson (Cindy Mancini)", "Seth Green (Chuckie Miller)", "Gerardo Mej\u00eda (Ricky)", "Courtney Gains (Kenneth Wurman)", "Sharon Farrell (Mrs. Mancini)", "Darcy DeMoss (Patty)", "Tina Caspary (Barbara)", "Ami Dolenz (Fran)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1987 and directed by Steve Rash, \u201cCan\u2019t Buy Me Love\u201d is a high school dramedy about a geek at an Arizona high school (Patrick Dempsey) who pays the most popular girl in school (Amanda Peterson) $1000 to act like she likes him for a month so he can move up the social strata. Of course, this creates unforeseen problems. Courtney Gains plays his geek friend and Seth Green his little brother.    \r\n\r\nThis is better than some 80\u2019s teen flicks (e.g. Molly Ringwald\u2019s movies), but not as good as others (\u201cFast Times at Ridgemont High\u201d). It\u2019s arguably on par with \u201cJust One of the Guys\u201d and \u201cSome Kind of Wonderful.\u201d Unlike those films, however, it has a semi-campy vibe wherein the cast members often exaggerate their lines in an artificial way, which telegraphs that what\u2019s happening isn\u2019t real. \r\n\r\nIf you can roll with this odd element, there\u2019s a lot of good in \u201cCan\u2019t Buy Me Love\u201d and the ending is genuinely moving. There are many serious/realistic scenes, like the notable airplane graveyard sequence. The two protagonists have good chemistry and their relationship arc is convincing. Tina Caspary (Barbara) and Darcy DeMoss (Patty) are serviceable on the fringe female front.          \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hours & 34 minutes and was shot in Tucson, Arizona. WRITER: Michael Swerdlick. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B- (6.5/10)"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Whatever happens to your popularity, stay yourself, don't change to please others. \r\n\r\nCan't Buy Me Love is directed by Steve Rash and written by Michael Swerdlick. It stars Patrick Dempsey and Amanda Peterson. Music is by Robert Folk and cinematography by Peter Lyons Collister.\r\n\r\nPlot has Dempsey as nerdy outcast Ronald Miller, who fed up of not being popular pays Cindy Mancini (Peterson), the most popular girl in school, one thousand dollars to be his girlfriend.\r\n\r\nThe 1980s was awash with films of this ilk, the teen dramedy topped up by a big hearted message and a finale of punch the air worth. What it all comes down to is if the film can hold its head above water, not become too twee, and crucially have you smiling come the finale. As evidenced by its popularity among 80s cineastes of a certain age, Can't Buy Me Love delivers all that you expect from such fare.\r\n\r\nThe core theme is of course self acceptance, the attainment of such in amongst the scary world of teenage school years. This shines bright in spite of some rather unconvincing dialogue and contrived corny moments. Director Rash just about holds it together, ensuring that the charm of the lead actors holds weight for character engagement, even though for thematic depth the screenplay only skims over the surface.\r\n\r\nThe teenage dramedy would evolve considerably once the 80s was left behind, becoming more biting, daring and observational. Yet for those who lived and loved this type of film in the 80s, there's a lovely nostalgic glow to be gleaned from revisits to the likes of Can't Buy Me Love. Nothing wrong with that. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [17362, 13704, 11522, 14367], "youtube_key": "hiS42RHaKyg"}