{"tmdb_id": 129163, "title": "Fils de for\u00e7at", "original_title": "Beyond This Place", "slug_title": "fils-de-forcat", "date": "1959-04-28", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A la fin des ann\u00e9es 50, un jeune homme Paul Mathry (Van Johnson) d\u00e9barque \u00e0 Liverpool. Il vient des Etats Unis pour retrouver les traces de son p\u00e8re, mort h\u00e9ro\u00efquement pendant la guerre d\u2019apr\u00e8s sa m\u00e8re. Mais il apprend rapidement une fois \u00e0 Liverpool que celui-ci est toujours vivant et qu\u2019il est emprisonn\u00e9 depuis vingt ans pour meurtre !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/shOuTpmp9h9slNbNyHZMRpgZje.jpg", "actors": ["Van Johnson (Paul Mathry)", "Vera Miles (Lena Anderson)", "Emlyn Williams (Enoch Oswald)", "Bernard Lee (Patrick Mathry)", "Jean Kent (Louise Burt)", "Moultrie Kelsall (Chief Inspector Dale)", "Leo McKern (McEvoy)", "Geoffrey Keen (Prison Governor)", "Jameson Clark (James Swann)", "Rosalie Crutchley (Ella Mathry)", "Oliver Johnston (Albert Prusty)", "Vincent Winter (Paul as a Boy)", "Anthony Newlands (Robert Dunn)", "Eira Heath (Mona Spurling)", "Hope Jackman (Landlady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I like poodles!\r\n\r\nBeyond This Place (AKA: Web of Evidence) is directed by Jack Cardiff and adapted to screenplay by Ken Taylor from the A.J. Cronin novel. It stars Van Johnson, Vera Miles, Emlyn Williams, Bernard Lee and Jean Kent. Music is by Douglas Gamley and cinematography by Wilkie Cooper.\r\n\r\nPaul Mathry (Johnson) was evacuated from Liverpool to America during WWII. Twenty years later he is back in Liverpool believing his father had died a hero during the conflict. The reality is that his father, Patrick (Lee), has been serving a prison sentence for the murder of his pregnant mistress. But something doesn't seem right about the trial, so Paul does a little digging...\r\n\r\nNot a great deal to get excited about here, it's a routine mystery - cum - thriller, that is based in Liverpool (not London as some reviewers elsewhere seem to think) but drafts in two American name actors to supposedly perk things up. It never really gets off the ground for dramatic impact, sending Johnson on a mission of truth and justice without ever really putting him in jeopardy. While his relationship with Miles' troubled Lena Anderson is a subplot of no consequence, as is her back story which is sad but isn't given any dramatic heft.\r\n\r\nOn the plus side is oodles of noirish atmosphere, various camera workings of substance and scene staging that lift proceedings. Night scenes are suitably cloaked with an air of unease, be it blinking pelican lights or spinning shadow lamps, Cardiff and Cooper get the most out of the meagre budget. Other sequences see a shot through distorted glass and one excellent one that has Kent framed in striped surroundings - while she is wearing a leopard skin coat, the contrast of which suits her character perfectly.\r\n\r\nValue here for noir visualists, but instantly forgettable once the berserker finale has played itself out. 6/10\r\n\r\nTidbid: James Bond fans will note that it sees Lee and Geoffrey Keen together, they both would later feature in a number of Bond movies."}], "recommandations_id": []}