{"tmdb_id": 129210, "title": "The Fountain of Love", "original_title": "Die Liebesquelle", "slug_title": "the-fountain-of-love", "date": "1966-01-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "1.0/10", "synopsis": "In this comedy, set in an Austrian mountain village, the town leaders conspire to attract tourists by touting a mythical \"fountain of love\" that runs nearby the village. When the minister of tourism discovers this, she immediately sends her agents to check out the veracity of the potentially scandalous water. After the village mayor declares a 3-day ban on sexual activity, he then plugs up the fountain. When the agents come, they find nothing. One of the agents wants to have his boss come and check it out personally, but changes his mind after he drinks some of the water. It really is an aphrodisiac! Soon tourists are arriving by the hundreds to sample the mysterious water. Unfortunately, the minister finds out and claims the water for the state.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kL9FWeXLER3YUlQJ5EhWL5KUXVn.jpg", "actors": ["Hans-J\u00fcrgen B\u00e4umler (Leif)", "Sieghardt Rupp (Nils Hansen)", "Eddi Arent (Alwin Knobbe)", "Hartmut Hinrichs (Carl)", "Christa Linder (Britta)", "Christiane R\u00fccker (Gritt)", "Marianne Sch\u00f6nauer (Mrs. von Weyden)", "Balduin Baas (Druggist)", "Helga Marlo (Caroline)", "Walter Buschhoff (Innkeeper)", "Ellen Umlauf (Teacher)", "Werner Abrolat (John)", "Emely Reuer (Frieda)", "Herbert Tiede (Priest)", "Karin Field (Victoria)", "Dimitar Panov (Lars Pogge)", "Christine Schuberth (One of Knobbe's girls)", "Ann Smyrner (Stina)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}