{"tmdb_id": 129416, "title": "Amorosa: The Revenge", "original_title": "Amorosa: The Revenge", "slug_title": "amorosa-the-revenge", "date": "2012-08-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "After suffering from a vehicular accident, Rosa and her sons transfer to the province. She hopes that the new place will heal the rift between her and her younger son, Rommel. Little does she know that their  lives will be at risk when the vengeful ghost of the woman without face threatens them. As she struggles to find a way to end the hauntings, she discovers a truth that will change her life forever.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1a5A0azH5JOj8BCZjiylUyW3qHU.jpg", "actors": ["Angel Aquino (Amorosa)", "Empress Schuck (Sandra)", "Enrique Gil (Rommel)", "Martin del Rosario (Amiel)", "Jane Oineza (Amanda)", "Ejay Falcon (William)", "Xyriel Manabat (Nadia)", "Carlo Aquino (Gerry)", "Richard Quan (Sgt. Villegas)", "Franco Daza (Rudolf)", "Nico Antonio (Glen)", "Mosang (Florida)", "Jairus Aquino (Jun)", "Lemuel Pelayo (Carl)", "Johan Santos (Bong)", "Lloyd Samartino (Lito)", "Lollie Mara (Tita Lola)", "Bong Cabrera (SPO4 Cano)", "Nanding Josef (Mang Pedro)", "Lilia Cuntapay (Lulu)", "Joe Gruta (Mang Edu)", "Buhawi Meneses (Budol)", "Alexa Ilacad (Young Amanda)", "Isaiah Ersty (Young Amiel)", "Julijo Pisk (Young Romme)", "Ronnie Golpeo (SPO1 Piyes)", "Jubail Andres (Boyfriend)", "Ruby Cayetano (Girlfriend)", "Rolando Inocencio (Sgt. Reyes)", "Romeo Edgar Abaigar (Ramon)", "Lowell Conales (Driver)", "Chanel Latorre (Chambermaid)", "Ni\u00f1o Valencia (Policeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SheBlogger", "content": "Amorosa, The Revenge (Horror Movie): From a Commoner\u2019s View\r\n\r\nYesterday was the first day Amorosa, The Revenge hit the theaters and luckily, our salary got in the bank yesterday afternoon \u2013 just right in time for a movie treat after work!  So we headed to the mall soon as the clock struck six.\r\n\r\nAs I have mentioned in my blog entry \u201cSheBlogger as a Reviewer of the Macabre\u201d (would be good to read that first before reading this review), I\u2019m always in the lookout for horror movies.  I especially watch out for Filipino horror movies because I\u2019m hoping for some improvements (and I have seen a few already) in this genre.  So when I first saw this movie on Facebook, I thought to myself, \u201cWow! Another promising horror movie, not long after The Healing\u201d.  Its Facebook page did not say much about the movie so I did not what exactly it is all about. I guess it\u2019s a marketing strategy to surround it with mystery.  Even the poster didn\u2019t reveal much, but did suggest a lot of things to the imagination.\r\n\r\nI will not go into details of the story because I don\u2019t want to spoil it for those who haven\u2019t seen it yet.  And the power of the movie is in the intricacy of the story.  I don\u2019t do to others what I don\u2019t want others do unto me.  I hate it when people purposely tell me the story of a movie I\u2019m planning to see.  I would just tell you what I liked and did not like about the movie.\r\n\r\nREAD MORE on:  http://heblogs-sheblogs.com/2012/08/amorosa-the-revenge-horror-movie-from-a-commoner%E2%80%99s-view/"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}