{"tmdb_id": 129999, "title": "Rendezvous with Annie", "original_title": "Rendezvous with Annie", "slug_title": "rendezvous-with-annie", "date": "1946-07-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Guerre"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A homesick American soldier stationed in England, during WWII, makes an unauthorized (a.w.o.l) trip on an American Air Force plane to the United States to see his wife, and then hops the plane back to England, with only his wife knowing he was home for a few hours. Later, she learns that she is pregnant and, to disclose that her husband had paid her a visit would get him into trouble and she does not, the townspeople are unanimous in their condemnation of her. But, when her husband is discharged, he enlists the aid of a nightclub singer, the only other person who knew he came home, and the gossips are left to find something else to prattle on about. (Les Adams)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k2ZXioiIDBX9tCK3S9M1oA3szLM.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Albert (Cpl. Jeffrey Dolan)", "Faye Marlowe (Annie Dolan)", "Gail Patrick (Dolores Starr)", "C. Aubrey Smith (Sir Archibald Clyde)", "William Frawley (Gen. Trent)", "Raymond Walburn (Everett Thorndyke)", "Wallace Ford (Al Morgan)", "Phillip Reed (Lt. Avery)", "Will Wright (Elmer Snodgrass)", "James Millican (Capt. Spence)", "Joyce Compton (Louise Grapa)", "Houseley Stevenson (Dr. Grimes)", "George Chandler (Sgt. Harrington)", "James Flavin (Turnkey)", "Jeff Corey (Howard)", "Bess Flowers (Woman in Nightclub)", "Robert J. Wilke (MP)", "Billy Gray (Little Boy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}