{"tmdb_id": 129937, "title": "Magic Mirror", "original_title": "Espelho M\u00e1gico", "slug_title": "magic-mirror", "date": "2006-03-09", "genre": ["Musique / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Luciano, fresh out of jail, was taken by his brother, Fl\u00f3rido, to serve in the home of wealthy Alfreda. He was surprised when she told him that her greatest desire was to see the Virgin Mary. Now comes this rich land owner with her sublime pretensions. Isn't it enough for her to have an Aston Martin and a Jaguar in the garage and ten different dresses per season? It was all professor Heschel's fault. Or someone else's. Anyway, to go beyond the promise is heresy. Alfreda said that she wouldn't rest until she saw the Virgin and made her some questions. Filipe Quinta, the Forger, says he has a solution. Meanwhile, Bahia, her husband, listens do music.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rbinA4dwqySRpUJRpT9ZKHndtV5.jpg", "actors": ["Leonor Silveira (Alfreda)", "Ricardo Tr\u00eapa (Jos\u00e9 Luciano / Touro Azul)", "Lu\u00eds Miguel Cintra (Filipe Quinta)", "Leonor Baldaque (Vicenta / Abril)", "Gl\u00f3ria de Matos (Nurse Hilda)", "Isabel Ruth (Celsa Andrade)", "Isabel Ruth (Celsa Adelaide)", "Adelaide Teixeira (Queta)", "Diogo D\u00f3ria (Police Commissioner)", "Jos\u00e9 Wallenstein (Am\u00e9rico)", "Marisa Paredes (Monja)", "Michel Piccoli (Prof. Heschel)", "Jo\u00e3o B\u00e9nard da Costa (Bahia)", "Susana S\u00e1 (No\u00e9mia)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}