{"tmdb_id": 129948, "title": "The Moonstone", "original_title": "The Moonstone", "slug_title": "the-moonstone", "date": "1997-11-02", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Greg Wise (Sense and Sensibility) and Keeley Hawes (Karaoke) star in this sumptuous adaptation of Wilkie Collins' classic mystery, the first detective novel ever written.  The Moonstone, a sacred Hindu diamond was stolen from the head of the Moon God, in its shrine by John Herncastle in 1799. The stone is said to be cursed if it is removed from the shrine.  In 1848, a man named Franklin Blake announces to Rachel that the Moonstone has been bequeathed to her by Herncastle. Blake gives her the jewel on her birthday and offers to mount the jewel for her, in order that she might wear it. Inevitably, the jewel is found missing the next morning and Rachel believes Blake stole it. Determined to prove his innocence, Blake leaves in order to pursue the real truth behind the theft.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cqIQ8R2Sye5D0GKQZPVeI1aALnt.jpg", "actors": ["Greg Wise (Franklin Blake)", "Keeley Hawes (Rachel Verinder)", "Terrence Hardiman (Colonel Sir John Herncastle)", "Mellan Mitchell (Cut-throat Indian)", "Peter Vaughan (Gabriel Betteredge)", "Patricia Hodge (Lady Julia Verinder)", "Rachel Lumberg (Penelope)", "Nicholas Lane (Samuel)", "Surinder Duhra (Indian)", "Lesley Sharp (Rosanna Spearman)", "Kacey Ainsworth (Drusilla Clack)", "Scott Handy (Godfrey Ablewhite)", "Paul Brooke (Dr. Candy)", "Anton Lesser (Ezra Jennings)", "Antony Sher (Sergeant Cuff)", "Roger Walker (Constable Seegrave)", "Janet Henfrey (Mrs. Yolland)", "Elizabeth Berrington (Limping Lucy)", "bobby bernard (Septimus Luker)", "Peter Jeffrey (Mr. Bruff)", "Anthony Cumber (Gooseberry)", "Carl Forgione (Spy)", "Andy Devine (Landlord)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}