{"tmdb_id": 13018, "title": "Manipulation", "original_title": "Deception", "slug_title": "manipulation", "date": "2008-04-24", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Pas d'amis, pas de copine, il ne se passe rien dans la vie de Jonathan. Sa vie se r\u00e9sume \u00e0 son travail de comptable dans une grosse soci\u00e9t\u00e9 new-yorkaise... Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 il sympathise avec un avocat, Wyatt, qui l'inscrit sur la \"Liste\", un club de rencontres sulfureux peupl\u00e9 de jeunes femmes superbes et... disponibles.Mais Jonathan est tomb\u00e9 dans un engrenage fatal : la liste n'est qu'un pi\u00e8ge diabolique destin\u00e9 \u00e0 le forcer \u00e0 commettre le plus gros braquage du si\u00e8cle...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mpRwbg5yZFdyeYCZ0eaEpKnhDsG.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Jackman (Wyatt Bose)", "Ewan McGregor (Jonathan McQuarry)", "Michelle Williams (S)", "Bruce Altman (Lawyer #1)", "Andrew Ginsburg (Lawyer #2)", "Stephanie Roth Haberle (Assistant Controller)", "Christine Kan (Tennis Player #1)", "Dante Spinotti (Herr Kleiner / Mr. Moretti)", "Karolina Muller (Waitress)", "Agnete Oernsholt (Woman at Waldorf Astoria)", "Melissa Rae Mahon (Velvet Rope Dancer #1)", "Rachel Montez Collins (Velvet Rope Dancer #2)", "Holly Cruikshank (Velvet Rope Dancer #3)", "Deborah Yates (Tango Dancer)", "Bill Camp (Clancey Controller)", "Zoe Perry (Secretary #1)", "Aya Cash (Secretary #2)", "Frank Girardeau (Norbert Lewman)", "Natasha Henstridge (Simone Wilkinson)", "Charlotte Rampling (Wall Street Belle)", "Paz de la Huerta (List Member #1)", "Daisy Bates (List Member #2)", "Shannan Click (List Member #3)", "Malcolm Goodwin (Cabbie)", "Jordan Tesfay (List Member #4)", "Rachael Taylor (List Member #5)", "LisaGay Hamilton (Detective Russo)", "Maggie Q (Tina at the Rhigha Royal)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sunbeam and Bashful Boy.\r\n\r\nDeception is directed by Marcel Langenegger and written by Mark Bomback. It stars Ewen McGregor, Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams. Music is by Ramin Djawadi and cinematography by Dante Spinotti.\r\n\r\nJonathan McQuarry (McGregor) is a timid New York accountant who whilst working late one night meets Wyatt Bose (Jackman). Bose is the complete opposite to McQuarry, he's highly sexed, confident and supremely cool. So when a mix up with the pair's mobile phones introduces McQuarry to an exclusive sex group, he's spun into a world completely alien to him.\r\n\r\nIf you have watched a lot of film noir, both classic era and neo, Deception will come off as irritatingly stale. What we have here is very much a case of the title revealing far too much! You would hope that with the makers going for broke with such a title then they would have the nous to fill out the story with surprises, take us and the principal characters down some twisty streets, not so, sadly. Within ten minutes you catch on to what is happening, the writing so poor as to not cleverly challenge the narrative drive. It could maybe be argued that McQuarry's journey, and how the character evolves, is something of a veer from the noir norm? But it has no dramatic worth and renders the finale as dull (the alternate ending is even worse).\r\n\r\nIt's not a total wash out as such, the cast are engaging in their roles, good actors straining to make a weak screenplay work, while cameos from Natasha Henstridge, Charlotte Rampling and Maggie Q impact to come off as better than novelty value. And then there's Spinotti's (Manhunter, L.A. Confidential, Heat) cinematography, the best character in the play. His nighttime city scapes are electric, his colour lenses beautiful (golds and blues are poetic), his work deserves a better film. But that's about it, leaving us with a shallow noir cover version that's in search of its own identity. For those not familiar with the noir form, then this is just about average enough for a look see. For noir fans, though, it's neither erotic or thrilling and as unadventurous as it gets. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [15577, 17606, 15705, 7183], "youtube_key": "cz8LnuSOA3E"}