{"tmdb_id": 13012, "title": "Felon", "original_title": "Felon", "slug_title": "felon", "date": "2008-07-17", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Accus\u00e9 de meurtre, un homme est condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 la prison et va d\u00e9couvrir que l'enfer est humain dans un quartier de haute s\u00e9curit\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zkigPPlTBGfZNyM6pbQ6nz721Zi.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Dorff (Wade Porter)", "Val Kilmer (John Smith)", "Marisol Nichols (Laura Porter)", "Vincent Miller (Michael Porter)", "Anne Archer (Maggie)", "Larnell Stovall (Viper)", "Sam Shepard (Gordon)", "Johnny Lewis (Snowman)", "Harold Perrineau (Lt. Jackson)", "Shawn Prince (Todd Jackson)", "Chris Browning (Danny Samson)", "Nick Chinlund (Sgt. Roberts)", "Greg Serano (Officer Diaz)", "Jake Walker (Warden Harris)", "Nate Parker (Officer Collins)", "Mike Seal (Williams)", "Louie Pescador (Oso)", "Gabriel Merendon (Oso's Lieutenant)", "Mark Sivertsen (Agent Skiletti)", "Mara Holguin (Public Defender)", "Carrie Fleming (Kelly Collins)", "Roman Mitichyan (Swamper Deputy)", "Adam Taylor (Investigator Hammond)", "Brittany Perrineau (Stacy Jackson)", "Harry Zimmerman (LA Judge)", "Kevin Wiggins (SQ Guard)", "Brian Keith Gamble (Joe)", "Rosalia de Aragon (IRC Deputy)", "Ivan Brutsche (Invited Guard)", "John Trejo (ADSEG Guard)", "Cynthia Ruffin (Female Guard)", "Christien Tinsley (Belligerent Man)", "Christopher Dempsey (Deputy District Attorney)", "Esodie Geiger (Female Judge)", "Richard Caruso (Bodie)", "Richard Caruso (Gang Investigator)", "Erik Gomez (Bodie)", "Elton Walker (Corn Rows)", "Tait Fletcher (White Inmate)", "Adrian Ponce (Hispanic Fighter One)", "Ben James Roybal (Hispanic Fighter Two)", "Joey Villasenor (Loco)", "Antonio Leyba (Gonzales)", "John Koyoma (Asian Fighter)", "Jermaine Washington (Large Black Inmate)", "Shawn Rosales (CSI Tech)", "Steve Ulibarri (Intruder)", "Tommy Truez (Wade Double)", "Jesus Jr. (Lead Hispanic)", "Mike Smith (Rooker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "RCH2288", "content": "Wade Porter (Stephen Dorff) had it all going for him.  A thriving construction business, a beautiful family and a future with endless possibilities for a great life.  That all ends in an instant when while defending his home, he chases after a burglar and ends up killing him.  Faced with the possibility of serving a 15 year sentence for Involuntary Manslaughter he pleads his case down to 13 months instead.  Unfortunately he is woefully unprepared for what prison will be like for him.  He gets caught up in unfortunate circumstances with a white prison gang and is then sent to the San Quenton SHU to serve his time.  To survive against the other inmates and a sadistic cadre of guards, he finds himself tip toeing the line of prison politics and racism of the  gangs and violent fights just to stay alive.\r\n\r\nHe is befriended by a hardened 20 year veteran of the prison who is a mass murderer named John Smith (Val Kilmer).  Smith helps guide him to keep his sanity in the brutal conditions of prison.  All the while Porters fiancee and child are trying to stay afloat while he is in prison as well serving out his sentence.\r\n\r\nWell acted and well directed, Felon is one of the best prison movies ever made. It's right up there with American Me in terms of quality of film."}], "recommandations_id": [7304, 1266, 13291, 38199], "youtube_key": "Sr0zDhqfOVo"}