{"tmdb_id": 130101, "title": "The Doolins of Oklahoma", "original_title": "The Doolins of Oklahoma", "slug_title": "the-doolins-of-oklahoma", "date": "1949-05-27", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "When the Daltons are killed at Coffeeville, gang member Bill Doolin arriving late escapes but kills a man. Now wanted for murder, he becomes the leader of the Doolin gang. He eventually leaves the gang and tries to start a new life under a new name. But the old gang members appear and his true identity becomes known. So once again he becomes an outlaw trying to escape from the law. Written by Maurice VanAuken", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/umik8lJr8X8Id3twJwEdnLB1esg.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Bill Doolin / Bill Daley)", "George Macready (Marshal Sam Hughes)", "Louise Allbritton (Rose of Cimarron)", "John Ireland (Bitter Creek)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Little Bill / Joe Smith)", "Virginia Huston (Elaine Burton)", "Charles Kemper (Thomas 'Arkansas' Jones)", "Dona Drake (Cattle Annie)", "Robert Barrat (Marshal Heck Thomas (as Robert H. Barrat))", "Lee Patrick (Melissa Price)", "Griff Barnett (Deacon Burton)", "Frank Fenton (George Wakeman / Red Buck)", "Jock Mahoney (Tulsa Jack Blake (as Jack O'Mahoney))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "From Daltons to Doolins.\r\n\r\nThe Doolins of Oklahoma (AKA: The Great Manhunt) is directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Kenneth Garnet. It stars Randolph Scott, George Macready, Louise Albritton, John Ireland, Noah Beery Junior, Charles Kemper and Viginia Huston. Music is by George Duning and Paul Sawtell  and cinematography by Charles Lawton Jr.\r\n\r\nAfter the fall of the Dalton Gang, Bill Doolin (Scott) becomes head of his own gang of outlaws. But with the law in hot pursuit and his yearning to start a new life, Doolin knows he is greatly up against it.\r\n\r\nSince it irritates many, it needs pointing out that if you are searching for a history lesson - a film full of real life fact - then look elsewhere. This is at best an interpretation of Bill Doolin the outlaw, where the makers get some things right and others not so. So just settle in for a Western movie, out to entertain with that bastion of the Western, Randy Scott, up front and central.\r\n\r\nStandard rules of 1940s/50s Westerns apply, meaning there is nothing new across the dusty plains here, outlaw wants to escape his past but circumstances refuse to let him do so. Cue moral and emotional conflict, chases, fisticuffs, shootings, robberies and macho posturing. The Doolin gang are here portrayed as lovable rogues, with main man Bill particularly exuding that fact, and it's here where the Production Code tempers the promise of something more biting in narrative thrust. The lady characters are unfortunately short changed in the writing, leaving the guys to carry the pic to safety conclusion.\r\n\r\nAt production level there is much to admire. Lawton's black and white photography is crisp and detailed, the interiors atmospherically photographed, the exteriors gorgeously showcasing the Calif locations to full effect. Stunt work (with legendary Yakima Canutt on point detail) is high grade, exciting and authenticity rolled into one. While the crowning glory comes with the stampede at pic's finale, exhilarating is not overstating it. Cast can't be faulted, the ever watchable Scott surrounding by genre pros who don't know how to soil a Western, and with Douglas in the director's chair you got a man who knows his way around an honest Oater.\r\n\r\nNo pulling up of trees here, and some familiarity does do it down for those in tight with the genre, but lots to like here. From the gunny opening salvo to the mighty stampede, and encompassing rueful closings, it's a treat regardless of historical lessons. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [148109, 223611, 111736, 264131], "youtube_key": "notfound"}