{"tmdb_id": 130149, "title": "Karin M\u00e5nsdotter", "original_title": "Karin M\u00e5nsdotter", "slug_title": "karin-mansdotter", "date": "1954-11-01", "genre": [""], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Karin does not belong to the nobility but nevertheless marries the mentally ill king Erik XIV and becomes queen of Sweden. The king's skilled counsellor G\u00f6ran Persson wants a royal policy supporting the people and supported by it. But in relation to the nobility the king oscillates between provocative strength and unpredictable weakness. G\u00f6ran arranges that some very powerful noblemen are killed. Subsequently the king tries to have them convicted of high treason by the parliament. He forgets the manuscript, mixes up all facts, and the noblemen are acquitted. But G\u00f6ran speedily gathers another parliament and has them convicted. Meanwhile Erik apologises because of the unjust murders. Hence Erik is dethroned and imprisoned. G\u00f6ran is executed. Karin is restricted to a castle in Finland. In the prison Erik believes that he is still the king and gives the guards presents such as all fishes in the Baltic Sea.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lvDBsZYjchJjv7giECqAODf70II.jpg", "actors": ["Ulla Jacobsson (Karin M\u00e5nsdotter)", "Jarl Kulle (King Erik of Sweden)", "Ulf Palme (G\u00f6ran Persson)", "Stig J\u00e4rrel (Olof Gustavsson Stenbock)", "Olof Widgren (Vicar)", "Erik Strandmark (Welam Welamsson)", "Bengt Blomgren (Max)", "\u00c5ke Claesson (Svante Sture)", "Per Oscarsson (Anders)", "Birgitta Valberg (Queen)", "Ulla Sj\u00f6blom (Agda)", "Aurore Palmgren (G\u00f6ran Persson's mother)", "Gunnar Hellstr\u00f6m (Bonde)", "Jan-Erik Lindqvist (M\u00e5ns Knekt)", "Hugo Bj\u00f6rne (Johan Persson)", "G\u00f6sta Gustafson (Karin's teacher)", "Arne K\u00e4llerud (Karin's brother)", "Karl Erik Flens (Karin's brother)", "Margaretha Krook (Karin's sister)", "Naemi Briese (Karin's sister)", "Tor Isedal (Aristocrat)", "John Melin (Servant)", "Torsten Lilliecrona (Jon M\u00e5nsson, guard)", "Ingvar Kjellson (Hakon Ladug\u00e5rdsfogde)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}