{"tmdb_id": 130602, "title": "Danger int\u00e9rieur", "original_title": "Danger Within", "slug_title": "danger-interieur", "date": "1959-02-17", "genre": ["Guerre"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Drame situ\u00e9 dans un prisonnier italien du camp de guerre pendant la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale 2, o\u00f9 un groupe de soldats britanniques trouvent leurs plans d'\u00e9vasion d\u00e9jou\u00e9 par un tra\u00eetre myst\u00e9rieux au milieu d'eux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/PTFRvGkAnm7HFjxC9JHi70CT4r.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Todd (Lieutenant Colonel David Baird)", "Bernard Lee (Lieutenant Colonel Huxley)", "Michael Wilding (Captain 'Bunter' Phillips)", "Peter Arne (Capitano Benucci)", "Richard Attenborough (Capt. 'Bunter' Phillips)", "Michael Caine (Prisoner with Pin-Up (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Four Hundred men and a Duck!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nDanger Within is directed by Don Chaffey and adapted to screenplay by Bryan Forbes and Frank Harvey from the novel \u201cDeath in Captivity\u201d written by Michael Gilbert. It stars Richard Todd, Bernard Lee, Michael Wilding, Richard Attenborough and Dennis Price. Music is by Francis Chagrin and cinematography by Arthur Grant.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nNorthern Italy, 1943, a POW Camp. No matter how intricate the planning, how well executed, escape attempts are met by tragedy as the sadistic camp commander is waiting to not only foil the escape, but to also kill the escapees in cold blood. It can mean only one thing, there\u2019s an informer in the camp.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nPacked with British thespian talent giving good turns, Danger Within serves as both a POW escape drama and a war time mystery thriller. The mystery element is a little undone since the informer is revealed to us the audience at the midpoint, but from there on in the suspense is amped up by way of wondering if the rat will be found, and if the amazing grand escape planned at film\u2019s end will succeed. With that, the second half of pic also serves as an escape procedural. Lots going on here, with plenty of slices of British humour into the bargain as well, while some of the dialogue is tough and the odd line is very much of its time; but in a good period setting way (for example; how wonderful to hear the word clot used as an insult again!). 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [90023, 109151, 26341, 56530], "youtube_key": "notfound"}