{"tmdb_id": 130737, "title": "Nairobi Half Life", "original_title": "Nairobi Half Life", "slug_title": "nairobi-half-life", "date": "2012-07-21", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Mwas, jeune Kenyan, r\u00eave d\u2019\u00eatre com\u00e9dien. Pour le r\u00e9aliser, il quitte son village et rejoint Nairobi. Bruyante, sauvage et diff\u00e9rente, la capitale le terrasse. Vol\u00e9, il se retrouve \u00e0 la rue, sans rien. Cette d\u00e9tresse fait lentement glisser Mwas dans les bas-fonds de Nairobi. Petites arnaques et deals anodins se terminent en crimes d\u2019envergure. Jusqu\u2019au jour o\u00f9 un policier corrompu le menace\u2026 Doit-il alors r\u00eaver sa vie ou vivre ses r\u00eaves?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/npKBQdowA3F4OxEAY1XXCCenSxY.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Wairimu (Mwas)", "Olwenya Maina (Oti)", "Nancy Wanjiku Karanja (Amina)", "Mugambi Nthiga (Cedric)", "Paul Ogola (Mose)", "Antony Ndung'u (Waf)", "Johnson Gitau Chege (Kyalo)", "Kamau Wa Ndung'u (John Waya)", "Abubakar Mwenda (Dingo)", "Mburu Kimani (Daddy M)", "Mehul Savani (Khanji)", "Maina Joseph (Kimachia)", "Isaac Kiarie (Kama)", "Peterson Gathambo (Kuheyo)", "Ainea Ojiambo (Officer Mutua)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "babadubu", "content": "Nairobi Half Life does not boast an original premise. A young kid from rural Kenya with dreams of moving to the city(Nairobi) and becoming an actor.\r\n\r\nWhat immediately differentiates it from other local films and a lot of international films is how it casts an unforgiving realistic eye on the protagonists life and actions. The movie does an excellent job of examining the underbelly of suffering and desperation in the country, from personal struggles of the youth to larger hurdles the nation is trying to leap; all the while narrating a story that will take you through a full range of genuine emotions before leaving you somewhat inspired and in some form of reflection.\r\n\r\nThe actors are commendable in their performances and bar one minor continuity error (or two), the storytelling is superb.\r\n\r\nI highly recommend this to anyone looking for a different African cinematic experience."}], "recommandations_id": []}