{"tmdb_id": 130738, "title": "A Month in Thailand", "original_title": "O luna in Thailanda", "slug_title": "a-month-in-thailand", "date": "2012-11-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "In Bucharest on a winter\u2019s morning, a couple make love. Adina wants to move in with her boyfriend Radu as soon as possible. He, on the other hand, is slightly more reluctant but appears to simply tolerate her plans. Today is New Year\u2019s Eve and Radu and Adina have a lot to do: the two have planned a visit to Adina\u2019s parents followed by a party with friends. While buying last-minute gifts at the supermarket, Radu thinks he spots ex-girlfriend Nadja, who he has never forgotten. In one small moment, Radu\u2019s insecurities about Adina come bubbling to the surface. No sooner have the corks begin to pop, the relationship comes to an abrupt end. This is followed by the perfectly timed offer from Radu\u2019s friend Alex to hit the town with him and his friends. Radu accepts the offer in the hope that Nadja is also out. Director Paul Negogescu draws a portrait of Radu with precision and subtle irony \u2013 and captures the atmosphere of a New Year\u2019s evening with great authenticity.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/txTV4QLavST22Kki9L71LdQ50ZX.jpg", "actors": ["Andrei Mateiu (Radu)", "Ioana Anastasia Anton (Adina)", "Sinziana Nicola (Nadia)", "Tudor Istodor (Alex)", "Raluca Aprodu (Raluca)", "Victoria Raileanu (Emilia)", "Bogdan Cotle\u021b (Ducu)", "Ionut Grama (Toma)", "Sabina Posea (Bianca)", "Simona Ghita (Mona)", "Stefan Munteanu (Kiri)", "Mircea Rusu (Mihai)", "Maria Ploae (Elena)", "Adriana \u015echiopu (Carmen)", "Eszter Tompa (Ildik\u00f3)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [292369, 345139, 88534, 72271], "youtube_key": "notfound"}