{"tmdb_id": 130816, "title": "Abraham Lincoln", "original_title": "Abraham Lincoln", "slug_title": "abraham-lincoln", "date": "1930-11-08", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Silent film master D.W. Griffith's first talkie works as a companion piece to his classic BIRTH OF A NATION, providing a detailed biographical sketch of the 16th president. We see his birth in a log cabin, the tragic death of his first love, Ann Rutledge (Una Merkel), his debates with Douglas, his accepting of the presidency, the terrible toll of the Civil War, and finally the tragic assassination at Ford's Theater. Griffith shows his usual meticulous attention to period detail, and the framing of the various vignettes has the feel of historical photographs come to life. Walter Huston is excellent in the title role, with a portrayal that subtly evolves from laconic, wizened rascal to noble elder statesman. This is a fascinating, worthy film, and an interesting historical document in and of itself.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jat652dVfzIBzFbtQdIeDp6ihlo.jpg", "actors": ["Walter Huston (Abraham Lincoln)", "Una Merkel (Ann Rutledge)", "William L. Thorne (Tom Lincoln)", "Lucille La Verne (Mid-Wife)", "Helen Freeman (Nancy Hanks Lincoln)", "Otto Hoffman (Offut)", "Edgar Dearing (Armstrong)", "Russell Simpson (Lincoln's Employer)", "Charles Crockett (Sheriff)", "Kay Hammond (Mary Todd Lincoln)", "Helen Ware (Mrs. Edwards)", "E. Alyn Warren (Stephen A. Douglas / General Grant)", "Jason Robards Sr. (Herndon)", "Gordon Thorpe (Tad Lincoln)", "Ian Keith (John Wilkes Booth)", "Cameron Prud'Homme (John Hay (Secretary to the President))", "James Bradbury Sr. (General Scott)", "James Eagles (Young Soldier)", "Oscar Apfel (Secretary of War Stanton)", "Frank Campeau (General Sheridan)", "Hobart Bosworth (General Lee)", "Henry B. Walthall (Colonel Marshall)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [72602, 113939, 44369, 147876], "youtube_key": "lnJUPhzxq_A"}