{"tmdb_id": 13093, "title": "Dornr\u00f6schen", "original_title": "Dornr\u00f6schen", "slug_title": "dornroschen", "date": "1971-03-26", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "On the occasion of their daughter's birth, the king and queen give a lavish feast. Among the guests are twelve fairies who endow the infant in the cradle with all good qualities. As the king loathes diligence, he does not invite the thirteenth fairy - the fairy of diligence. A captain lets her slip into the castle and she casts a spell on Sleeping Beauty, wishing death upon her. The twelfth fairy transforms and mitigates the spell. On the day she turns fifteen, the princess is to sink into a hundred-year sleep after pricking her finger on a spindle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/886vzZ9BbdjH339wNWQFJPPpAKT.jpg", "actors": ["Juliane Kor\u00e9n (Dornr\u00f6schen)", "Vera Oelschlegel (13. Fee)", "Helmut Schreiber (K\u00f6nig)", "Burkhard Mann (Prinz)", "Martin Hellberg (Spielmann)", "Angela Brunner (2. Fee)", "Sonja H\u00f6rbing (10. Fee)", "Brigitte Krause (11. Fee)", "Barbara Dittus (12. Fee)", "Evamaria Heyse (K\u00f6nigin)", "Fritz Decho (Haushofmeister)", "Dieter Wien (Neuer Hauptmann)", "Thomas Langhoff (Hauptmann)", "Jaecki Schwarz (1. Ritter)", "J\u00f6rg Knoche (3. Ritter)", "Klaus P\u00f6nitz (Koch)", "Nico Turoff (Wirt)", "Waltraut Kramm (1. Frau mit Spinnrad)", "Bruno Carstens (1. Edelmann)", "Sepp Klose (2. Edelmann)", "Erich Brauer (Schlo\u00dfg\u00e4rtner)", "Dorothea Garlin ()", "Theresia Wider ()", "Agnes Kraus ()", "Marlies Sch\u00f6nau (Spinnm\u00e4dchen)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}