{"tmdb_id": 13103, "title": "Frau Holle", "original_title": "Frau Holle", "slug_title": "frau-holle", "date": "1963-10-12", "genre": ["Familial"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "The widow has an ugly and lazy daughter, Pechmarie, and a beautiful and hard-working step-daughter, Goldmarie. Because Pechmarie is her real daughter, the widow clearly favors her and makes Goldmarie do all the work. Poor Goldmarie must also sit and spin all day by the well until her fingers bleed. When she tries to rinse out the spindel, it drops into the cold water. Her unsympathetic step-mother tells her to jump in after it. Goldmarie does as she is told, and then wakes up in the middle of a beautiful field of flowers. This is the land of Frau Holle, who welcomes Goldmarie and invites her to stay, as long as she will help with the housework. Marie stays and serves Frau Holle gladly, until she suffers so terribly from homesickness that she asks to go home. Before bringing her back, Frau Holle rewards Marie with a shower of gold. Upon her return, Goldmarie and her gold are welcomed by her greedy step-sister and -mother. Hoping for the same kind of reward, the step-mother sends ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2tNUt9I5tdge7pIzODSwyhz4xLQ.jpg", "actors": ["Mathilde Danegger (Frau Holle)", "Karin Ugowski (Goldmarie)", "Katharina Lind (Pechmarie)", "Elfriede Florin (Witwe)", "Herbert Graedtke (Mathias)", "Rudi Pfaff (Hannes)", "J\u00fcrgen P\u00f6rschemann (Klaus)", "Rolf Dietrich Zienau (1. Kind)", "Wolfgang Vermeiren (2. Kind)", "Gudrun L\u00fcth (3. Kind)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [13302, 72799, 72797, 36922], "youtube_key": "notfound"}