{"tmdb_id": 131267, "title": "TNA No Surrender", "original_title": "TNA No Surrender", "slug_title": "tna-no-surrender", "date": "2012-09-09", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "No Surrender (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) that took place on September 9, 2012 at the Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando, Florida. It was the eighth annual No Surrender under its chronology. The event hosted the culmination of the Bound for Glory Series, which would determine the number one contender for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Bound for Glory.  Austin Aries vs. The \"Arm Breaker\" of the Aces &amp; 8s  |  The World Tag Team Champions of the World (Christopher Daniels and Kazarian) (c) vs. A.J. Styles and Kurt Angle  |  Zema Ion (c) vs. Sonjay Dutt  |  Miss Tessmacher (c) vs. Tara  |  Bully Ray vs. James Storm  |  Samoa Joe vs. Jeff Hardy  |  Rob Van Dam vs. Magnus  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ioP2KniTinvVLeXS9UFGqrUHGKl.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Healy Solwold Jr. (Himself)", "Daniel Christopher Covell (Himself)", "Frank B. Gerdelman (Himself)", "Allen Neal Jones (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Michael Paris (Himself)", "Retesh Bhalla (Sonjay Dutt)", "James Storm (Himself)", "Nuufolau Joel Seanoa (Himself)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Rob Van Dam (Rob van Dam)", "Nick Aldis (Magnus)", "Mark LoMonaco (Bully Ray)", "Brooke Adams (Ms. Tessmacher)", "Lisa Marie Varon (Tara)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}