{"tmdb_id": 131313, "title": "Jane Eyre", "original_title": "Jane Eyre", "slug_title": "jane-eyre", "date": "1971-06-04", "genre": "", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hBFWkY53khDtCDSdUftiGvYByhf.jpg", "actors": ["Susannah York (Jane Eyre)", "George C. Scott (Edward Rochester)", "Ian Bannen (St. John Rivers)", "Jack Hawkins (Mr. Brocklehurst)", "Nyree Dawn Porter (Blanche Ingram)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Escaping the manacles of warped religiosity & society in a fallen pre-Victorian world \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1970-1971 and directed by Delbert Mann, \"Jane Eyre\" adapts Charlotte Bront\u00eb\u2019s 1847 novel about the eponymous character (Susannah York) who becomes a governess of a French girl at a huge estate in northern England circa 1800 after an upbringing at a harsh religious orphanage. She slowly gets to know the surly, world-wise master of the estate, Edward Rochester (George C. Scott), and his curious situation. Eventually she meets a devout clergyman, St. John Rivers (Ian Bannen), and his two sisters. Can Jane escape the shackles of a pre-Victorian world ruled by men and legalism to find love?\r\n\r\nWhile this version of the oft-filmed book was released to TV, it has the vibe of a theatrical release with great northern England locations, a superb score by John Williams and quality actors. The book was criticized as \u201canti-Christian\u201d when it was published, but it\u2019s actually anti-legalism. Mr. Brocklehurst (Jack Hawkins) represents a poisonous form of dead religiosity at the orphanage while the seemingly unbalanced St. John Rivers represents a much more subtle and less extreme form. \r\n\r\nThe story\u2019s about Jane navigating the pitfalls of society and religion in a fallen world and, maybe, hopefully, finding freedom and genuine love. The locations/tone/themes are akin to \u201cSense and Sensibility\u201d (1995), but with an anti-legalism subtext. Jane Austen\u2019s 1811 novel no doubt influenced Bront\u00eb\u2019s book. Both movies are worth checking out, but I slightly prefer \u201cJane Eyre.\u201d It\u2019s the perfect antidote to CGI-laden \u201cblockbuster\u201d drivel.             \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 48 minutes and was shot in North Yorkshire in northern England (Ripley Castle, Ripley; Pateley Bridge; Brimham Rocks; and Grinton). WRITERS: Jack Pulman wrote the screenplay based on Bront\u00eb\u2019s novel.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [46203]}