{"tmdb_id": 13154, "title": "Dans les griffes du dragon rouge", "original_title": "Showdown in Little Tokyo", "slug_title": "dans-les-griffes-du-dragon-rouge", "date": "1991-08-23", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Le d\u00e9tective Kenner est expert en arts martiaux. Paradoxalement, son adjoint japonais, r\u00e9pondant au nom de Johnny, est le parfait yuppie am\u00e9ricain. Le duo est confront\u00e9 \u00e0 Yoshida, le nouveau ma\u00eetre du trafic de drogue \u00e0 Los Angeles, et doit int\u00e9grer le dangereux quartier de Little Tokyo.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dJSAiZtJNaB2b0zjc88h8eXCxHk.jpg", "actors": ["Dolph Lundgren (Sgt. Chris Kenner)", "Brandon Lee (Johnny Murata)", "Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (Funekei Yoshida)", "Tia Carrere (Minako Okeya)", "Philip Tan (Tanaka)", "Rodney Kageyama (Eddie)", "Ernie Lively (Detective Nelson)", "Renee Griffin (Angel Mueller)", "Reid Asato (Muto)", "Takayo Fischer (Mama Yamaguchi)", "Simon Rhee (Ito)", "Vernee Watson-Johnson (Nonnie Russell - Coroner)", "Gerald Okamura (Hagata, the Torturer)", "Toshishiro Obata (Sato)", "Al Leong (Yoshida's Men)", "Branscombe Richmond (Man in Door)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We've got a problem here. There are more bad guys than we've got bullets.\r\n\r\nIt's a buddy buddy action movie, one that feels more 80s than 90s, with that it has all the pluses and minuses that comes with such genre staples. Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee pair up to take on The Yakuza, Dolph has a very personal reason for tracking and killing the Yakuza leader. They are an odd pair who must get over their initial differences to complete their mission. Sound familiar? Well it is, because it can be seen in a whole host of other action buddy buddy movies.\r\n\r\nThe acting is sub-standard but the action is well constructed, which at the end of the day is what action fans require for a rollicking good time. Some of the dialogue is too cheese worthy to even pass as acceptable - and this in a genre that often demands it as a requisite, while the overt homoerotic undercurrents are either meant as tongue in cheek? Or an attempt by the makers to make some sort of action movie statement?\r\n\r\nIs it fun? Absolutely, and that's not just because of the ridiculous trousers Lundgren often wears (seriously, a leather jacket and Oxford bags?), while the colour photography is sparkling (Mark Irwin), but you have to have a taste for corn and cheese to get the most from this host. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13153, 12663, 19384, 9091]}