{"tmdb_id": 13167, "title": "Mama's Boy", "original_title": "Mama's Boy", "slug_title": "mama-s-boy", "date": "2007-12-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "L'excentrique Jeffrey Mannus, \u00e2g\u00e9 de 29 ans, vit encore tr\u00e8s confortablement chez sa m\u00e8re Jan. Mais son petit monde \u00e0 lui est menac\u00e9 lorsque Jan rencontre Mert. Mert va perturber le quotidien de Jeffrey qui ne l'accepte pas. La guerre est d\u00e9clench\u00e9e...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tJSyIbAYfYU26g4cjx7cgJdYRIl.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Heder (Jeffrey Mannus)", "Diane Keaton (Jan Mannus)", "Jeff Daniels (Mert Rosenbloom)", "Anna Faris (Nora Flannigan)", "Eli Wallach (Seymour Warburton)", "Dorian Missick (Mitch)", "Sarah Chalke (Maya)", "Mary Kay Place (Barbara)", "Adam Devine (Alhorn)", "Simon Helberg (Rathkon)", "Jenny Ladner (Alison)", "Ben Crowley (Skater Punk)", "Laura Kightlinger (Mert's Secretary)", "Jessie Graff (Wrestler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "Okay but slightly dissappointing effort. Jon Heder is usually really funny to me but not tremendously so here. I expected his character to be more of a well mama's boy but he's really more of a spoilt brat. His character is a bit of a conundrum because at times with some people he acts like a bit of a douche while with others (well women his age) he acts like more of a geek. Seems like the writers wasn't sure what to make of his character, if I was to guess I'd say that I think that there were alot of rewrites that made it so. Plotwise not much to speak of. Saying that the cast still makes it worthwhile to keep watching once you've started but not enough to go out recommending it to people. 5.5/10."}], "recommandations_id": [254634, 109466, 48464, 32407], "youtube_key": "GdD5cigFpWs"}