{"tmdb_id": 131634, "title": "Hunger Games : La R\u00e9volte, 2\u00e8me partie", "original_title": "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2", "slug_title": "hunger-games-la-revolte-2eme-partie", "date": "2015-11-18", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Alors que Panem est ravag\u00e9 par une guerre d\u00e9sormais totale, Katniss et le Pr\u00e9sident Snow vont s\u2019affronter pour la derni\u00e8re fois. Katniss et ses plus proches amis \u2013 Gale, Finnick, et Peeta \u2013 sont envoy\u00e9s en mission pour le District 13 : ils vont risquer leur vie pour tenter d\u2019assassiner le Pr\u00e9sident Snow, qui s\u2019est jur\u00e9 de d\u00e9truire Katniss. Les pi\u00e8ges mortels, les ennemis et les choix d\u00e9chirants qui attendent Katniss seront des \u00e9preuves bien pires que tout ce qu\u2019elle a d\u00e9j\u00e0 pu affronter dans l\u2019ar\u00e8ne\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aNjxssmk6csXBMJs9KzdmUEzeSa.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Lawrence (Katniss Everdeen)", "Josh Hutcherson (Peeta Mellark)", "Liam Hemsworth (Gale Hawthorne)", "Woody Harrelson (Haymitch Abernathy)", "Elizabeth Banks (Effie Trinket)", "Julianne Moore (President Alma Coin)", "Philip Seymour Hoffman (Plutarch Heavensbee)", "Jeffrey Wright (Beetee)", "Stanley Tucci (Caesar Flickerman)", "Donald Sutherland (President Snow)", "Willow Shields (Primrose Everdeen)", "Sam Claflin (Finnick Odair)", "Jena Malone (Johanna Mason)", "Mahershala Ali (Boggs)", "Wes Chatham (Castor)", "Natalie Dormer (Cressida)", "Elden Henson (Pollux)", "Evan Ross (Messalla)", "Patina Miller (Commander Paylor)", "Paula Malcomson (Mrs. Everdeen)", "Stef Dawson (Annie Cresta)", "Meta Golding (Enobaria)", "Gwendoline Christie (Commander Lyme)", "Robert Knepper (Antonius)", "Omid Abtahi (Homes)", "Eugenie Bondurant (Tigris)", "Sarita Choudhury (Egeria)", "Brandon Cyrus (District 13 Civilian)", "Michelle Forbes (Lieutenant Jackson)", "Thomas Blake Jr. (Rebel Sniper)", "Linds Edwards (Injured Career)", "Toby Jones (Claudius Templesmith)", "Joe Chrest (Mitchell)", "Mark Jeffrey Miller (D4 Officiant)", "Desmond Phillips (Commander of D5)", "April Grace (Doctor Aurelius)", "Phillip Troy Linger (Katniss's Father)", "Misty Ormiston (Leeg #1)", "Kim Ormiston (Leeg #2)", "Elle Graham (Girl in Lemon Yellow Coat)", "Lacy Dmitriew (Rebel Nurse)", "Kate Rachesky (Capitol Girl)", "David Hallyday (Greenhouse Guard #1)", "Bear Lawrence (Everdeen Child #1)", "Theodore Lawrence (Everdeen Child #2)", "Gary Sievers (District 7 Rebel (uncredited))", "Emma Elle Roberts (Capitol Citizen (uncredited))", "Alexander Yassin (District 13 Citizen (uncredited))", "Lauren Henneberg (District 13 Citizen (uncredited))", "Jasmine Ahnie (District 8 Hospital Patient (uncredited))", "Sue-Lynn Ansari (District 8 (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The Hunger Games creator and mastermind Suzanne Collins has brought to life the explosive and resilient heroine Katniss Everdeen (not to mention the resourceful actress stepping into her action-oriented shoes and consciousness in the form of Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence). Now with the conclusive The Hunger Games: Mockingjay--Part 2 ardent and casual fans of this imaginative and charged film franchise will get a chance to soak in the cinematic experience that has carried them through this durable trilogy. However, the question remains: does Mockingjay--Part 2 fulfill the adventurous swagger of its previous predecessors as it demonstrates its furious farewell in moodiness and mischievousness? Well, the answer is a resounding YES but some will still address the concept of the film's emotional and psychological leanings as merely serviceable to a string of feisty films that invited such passion, pronouncement and promise in its commentary on class struggle and societal survival means as a whole. \r\n\r\nThe Hunger Games cinematic installments (and of course Collins's riveting literary outlets) have always been a solid and secure movie-going moment because it offered what so few action-packed features entailed: a perceptive and honest if not hedonistic look at the politics in the human psyche set aside from the rough-and-tumble sequences of action and suspense. The Games that were played in the minds of the audience were intriguing, thoughtful, compelling and smart about its wits and wisdom. All The Hunger Games editions were message-driven and presented a special kind of indescribable opulence and openness that was refreshing. Sure, there are the highs and lows that comes with the territory when mapping out a showcase of sequels bound to stumble on its lapses in story and characterization. Still, for the most part The Hunger Games: Mockingjay--Part 2 leaves the viewers wanting more but being compliant with what amounts to be the swan song for courageous cutie Katniss Everdeen's big screen legacy. \r\n\r\nIt is quite clear that The Hunger Games: Mockingjay--Part 2 and its previous outings has carved a decisive niche into the Young Adult film fiction genre as one of the most successful and consistently received chapters that sparkled in its over-glow of gallant gumption and soul-searching turmoil. Indeed, Mockingjay--Part 2 does add its measurement of tension, radiance,  redemption and resolution. Importantly, Mockingjay--Part 2 maintains its reflective and steady balance of hope and rebellious vibes and Lawrence has not lost a single ounce of momentum in the few years since she donned the respectable defiance of the roguish Katniss out to settle a continuous score with the controlling powers-that-be.  Instinctively, labeling The Hunger Games motivating movie series as a pop cultural phenom would not risk the intention of sounding overdramatic because for the most part this film franchise has been a saving grace to the aforementioned Young Adult film fiction craze that has offered cemented substance in comparison to the soapy sentiments of the immense Twilight umbrella that spread like wildfire in the unguarded woods years before.\r\n\r\nAs one can imagine Mockingjay--Part 2 picks up where the first Mockingjay left off in its initial premise. Director Francis Lawrence (back at the helm) starts his narrative rather slow and plodding but builds up the sassy momentum as his on-screen victorious vixen Katniss Everdeen pounces on her latest exploits to expose and agitate the corruptible Capitol and its lead manipulator in the likes of the diabolical President Snow (Donald Sutherland). The good news is that the determined Katniss is finally reunited with her former Games companion and romantic partner Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson). The bad news is that poor Peeta has been manipulated and convinced to view Katniss as an enemy courtesy of Snow's menacing minions. Automatically, this is the difficult wedge that puts a damper on Katniss's ability to go after Snow and his vile followers with Peeta serving as their brainwashed Boy Wonder with the forced hatred in tact. \r\n\r\nSo now the course is set for Katniss Everdeen to follow as she decides to pursue her intentions of gradually taking down the governmental negligence of Snow and his abominable administration. Naturally, Katniss needs the assistance of the rebels under the tutelage of District 13's President Alma Coin (Oscar-winner Julianne Moore) as well as the input from wily gamemaster Plutarch Heavensbee (late Oscar-winner Phillip Seymour Hoffman) to take down the dangerous and devious Snow and his governmental criminal cronies. Politically, the opportunistic Coin wants Katniss in her camp for the mere promotion of propaganda...something that just does not sit well with the feminine avenger.\r\n\r\nThe stakes are understandably high but Katniss is in company with the likes of her childhood sweetie pie Gale (Liam Hemsworth) and old-time buddy Finnick Odair (Sam Claflin) as they join forces to combat the evil clutched of the Capitol. The bottom line: the venomous President Snow needs to be cut down in his treacherous tracks...plain and simple. \r\n\r\nQuite frankly, the beleaguered Katniss is caught up in the complicated web of a couple of political powerhouses in the insufferable Snow (that wants to destroy her) and Coin (that wants to use her reputation for marketing purposes) willing to go at it while using Katniss's exposed neck as the sacrificial pawn to determine their sense of twisted greatness. For the most part, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay--Part 2 does present a skillful display of confusion and identity and Lawrence's death-dodging diva Katniss Everdeen is the epitome of a Girl on Fire with flames of indecision and doubt burning all around her. Who can she trust? Who has the fortitude to stick with the plan and ensure that the tedious target of Snow is silenced for sure? Can Katniss overcome the obstacles of her great love Peeta's perverse distaste for her while battling one narcissistic leader as another one she is joined at the hip exploits her presence? There seems to be a constant continuity for conflict in warfare and wounded souls that elevates Mockingjay--Part 2 as a boisterous board game of physical and psychological movement. As usual, Lawrence's Katniss carries the animated strife on her dainty yet athletic shoulders with bouncy boldness. \r\n\r\nAfter four exhilarating films, The Hunger Games empire does not crumble but comes to a full scale halt as it understands the allegory claims for the distrusting contemporary times we all live in regarding the cynicism, abuse of privilege and the underestimation of the weary masses being led astray by the controlling elite of unassuming movers and shakers. The audacity of The Hunger Games odyssey was to get down and dirty about the give-and-take tendencies of a global society willing to challenge the authoritative scrutiny or kneel at its merciless ankles. Perhaps Mockingjay--Part 2 should not be perceived so deeply in its final revelation. Nevertheless, the effort in trying to do so should be acknowledged for an actioner that dared to approach such thought-provoking fodder within its bombastic boundaries. \r\n\r\nThe Hunger Games: Mockingjay--Part 2 (2015)\r\n\r\nLionsgate Films\r\n\r\n2 hrs. 17 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Donald Sutherland, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, Willow Shields, Sam Claflin, Elisabeth Banks, Mahershala Ali, Jena Malone, Jeffrey Wright, Paula Malcomson, Stanley Tucci, Michelle Forbes\r\n\r\nDirected by: Francis Lawrence\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Science Fiction and Fantasy/Action and Adventure\r\n\r\nCritic's rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars) \r\n\r\n(c) Frank Ochieng 2015"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The movie is not bad directed and the cast does a decent job. Actually, the script is a good adaptation of the book.\r\n\r\nThe problem is that the story of the book is already quite bad and has gone down the sink by now so the whole movie just doesn't work."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A necessary finishing touch with an unnecessary lag.\r\n\r\nIf the single book 'The Hobbit' was extended to three movies, then that's alright, because that was a large concept with hundreds of unique characters which can take the stretch in narration. But for this series, lucky to be the first film to get away with a big hit, mainly because of teen audience.\r\n\r\nHonestly, I liked the 2nd film very much, but the third movie was a letdown, especially this one was utterly useless. Because the 80% of the story ended in the previous part and in this, it was a necessary finishing touch with an unnecessary lag.\r\n\r\nMight have been a better film if the 'Mockingjay' was a single movie. Nowadays there are many strange ways to make money, the art of storytelling in the movies is slowing vanishing while adapting a book for the silver screen by splitting them into two and/or three. This culture has to stop, the book fans are enjoying the original masterpiece, while film fanatic like me is suffering a setback. In this 2 hour long movie there are lots of scenes that simply wastes time to bring sufficient runtime.\r\n\r\nDue to the circumstances that I mentioned, the flow was disturbed, mainly because of the release gap between the last two films. Emotions are not felt, actions were weakened, you could only recognise it rushing towards the conclusion. And that section should have been the ultimatum, what comes later is what we call 'happily ever after or the other way' should have been very brief, but in here it was not. Like a new beginning of a new story, it went on too far.\r\n\r\nFrom the screenwriter's perspective that has to be done. I had seen the split movies like 'Twilight', 'Harry Potter' and others, but this one was the worst among them. Even if you try all the four movies in a single sitting, the first two will be the best you can get and the followed two would surely disappoint you because of the slowness.\r\n\r\n5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Well, that was rather disappointing unfortunately. Not that I can say that I am very surprised though. The first installment in the series started off being \"okayish\" and the rest of them slid downwards towards mediocrity.  This, the final installment, is a notch below mediocre as far as I am concerned. I really cannot understand all the hype about these movies. None of them really shines even if you try to look at them as young adult movies which they really are.\r\n\r\nThis one was downright boring. There were numerous scenes where Katniss or some other character was just dreaming away or sitting around brooding. It took quite a while for anything to start happening in the movie.\r\n\r\nWhen something started happening it was the same mess of political, unbelievably stupid, propaganda, messy and unintelligent fight scenes, Katniss walking around looking, I do not really known, disconcerted, sad, disturbed, whatever.\r\n\r\nHow the chief villains (yes plural) was one could figure out without too much effort. The moment the flyer came into the picture and started to fly over the refuges and the children not only I but all of my kids as well guessed who had sent it.\r\n\r\nThere is really only two things that I liked about this movie. One is that Donald Sutherland was really good. The other is the ending which, although being 100% predictable, was quite satisfying. Well, that scene (everyone having seen the movie knows which scene I am referring to) is where I consider the movie to have ended. After that it was only boring filler scenes remaining."}], "recommandations_id": [131631, 101299, 70160, 262500]}