{"tmdb_id": 131737, "title": "St George's Day", "original_title": "St George's Day", "slug_title": "st-george-s-day", "date": "2012-09-07", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Infamous London gangster cousins, Micky Mannock and Ray Collishaw, are at the top of the food chain, when their world is turned upside down as they lose a shipment of the Russian Mafia's cocaine in rough seas. Set in London, Amsterdam and Berlin, the story races across Europe at breakneck speed as Micky and Ray attempt to stay one step ahead of the Police. Can they pull off a daring diamond heist in time to put things right and retire to a \"legitimate\" way of life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s74RVYnPPzfLzK2GVRAu1ZSDBrc.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Regan (Albert Hall)", "Charles Dance (Trenchard)", "Dexter Fletcher (Levi)", "Craig Fairbrass (Ray Collishaw)", "Sean Pertwee (Proctor)", "Keeley Hazell (Peckham Princess)", "Frank Harper (Mickey Mannock)", "Luke Treadaway (William Bishop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Rumble Robbery.\r\n\r\n\r\nSt George's Day is directed by Frankie Harper, he also co-writes the screenplay with Urs Buehler and stars with Craig Fairbrass, Vincent Regan, Charles Dance, Dexter Fletcher, Nick Moran, Keeley Hazell, Jamie Foreman and Sean Pertwee. Music is by Tim Attack and cinematography is by Mike Southon.\r\n\r\nFrankie Harper, one of the most liked and recognisable faces from the slew of British gangster and football hooligan films, turns his hand to try and make his own mark in what is becoming a bulging genre of Brit film. The kicker here is that he blends the two popular lad staples together by having a plot involving gangsters using a football rumble as cover for a robbery. In Berlin, Germany, no less and St George's Day as well! Cor blimey!\r\n\r\nPlot is kind of incidental, which is just as well since it's not exactly a brains trust script. Film is filled out with the requisite amount of shouting, swearing, fighting, shooting, thieving, jingoism, sloganeering and lairy witticisms. Harper has surrounded himself with pals, clearly offering up reassuring presences to the budding director, while it's fun for fans of this splinter of Brit cinema to play spot the face. It's all very blokey and enjoyable enough for the undemanding, but the good idea on the page is not born out as the narrative often gasps for fresh air, the attempts at complexity ending up mundane.\r\n\r\nThe cinematography is a highlight, with the number of Euro locations used giving good visual tonics. Cast perform adequately as per the material, though Moran, Fletcher, Dance and Pertwee are under used and therefore wasted. There's enough in here to suggest Harper could offer something of value as a director, but maybe a little less crass for crass sake should be jettisoned in favour of some intelligence in the writing. Dexter Fletcher's debut outing as a director, Wild Bill, is a good marker, Frankie would do well to follow his mate's lead. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37109, 263903, 49504, 228933], "youtube_key": "pdvseSAVznI"}