{"tmdb_id": 13189, "title": "A Christmas Carol", "original_title": "A Christmas Carol", "slug_title": "a-christmas-carol", "date": "1984-12-17", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Fantastique / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "An old bitter miser who makes excuses for his uncaring nature learns real compassion when three ghosts visit him on Christmas Eve.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c8v3fCrvlpYCw9PGuzJmWDPuzcf.jpg", "actors": ["George C. Scott (Ebenezer Scrooge)", "Roger Rees (Fred Holywell / Narrator)", "David Warner (Bob Cratchit)", "Susannah York (Mrs. Cratchit)", "Edward Woodward (Ghost of Christmas Present)", "Angela Pleasence (Ghost of Christmas Past)", "Michael Carter (Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come)", "Anthony Walters (Tiny Tim)", "Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell)", "Lucy Gutteridge (Belle)", "Nigel Davenport (Silas Scrooge)", "Mark Strickson (Young Scrooge)", "Joanne Whalley (Fan)", "Frank Finlay (Jacob Marley)", "Brian Pettifer (Ben)", "Peter Settelen (Belle's Husband)", "Daniel Chatto (William)", "Timothy Bateson (Mr. Fezziwig)", "Michael Gough (Mr. Poole)", "John Quarmby (Mr. Hacking)", "Peter Woodthorpe (Old Joe)", "Liz Smith (Mrs. Dilber)", "Kieran Hughes (Peter Cratchit)", "Orlando Wells (Little Boy Cratchit)", "Cathryn Harrison (Kate)", "John Sharp (Tipton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A Christmas Carol (1984)\r\n\r\nWonderful Adaptation.\r\n\r\nThe 1984 TV version of Charles Dickens\u2019 A Christmas Carol is a joyous thing. Fronted by George C. Scott as the infamous Ebenezer Scrooge, Clive Donner\u2019s movie pays great respects to the source material and garners a multi stranded piece of brilliance out of Scott. The characters of course remain the same, but headed by Scrooge having a complex and painful background and a persona of confused emotions, there\u2019s meaty substance holding the movie up high. Donner and writer Roger Hirson retain the black heart of the source story, with the horror elements suitably effective to bother the children, while the Victorian atmosphere always feels \u2013 crucially \u2013 authentic.\r\n\r\nIf you haven\u2019t seen this version of the often filmed tale, put it on your list for next yuletide. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52983, 16716, 31726, 134308], "youtube_key": "QIcoa0oI5Cc"}