{"tmdb_id": 13184, "title": "Bangkok Dangerous", "original_title": "Bangkok Dangerous", "slug_title": "bangkok-dangerous", "date": "2008-08-21", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Joe, un tueur professionnel sans scrupules, atterrit \u00e0 Bangkok afin d'ex\u00e9cuter quatre contrats pour le compte d'un chef mafieux nomm\u00e9 Surat. Il engage Kong, un pickpocket de rues comme interm\u00e9diaire, de fa\u00e7on \u00e0 ne laisser aucune trace derri\u00e8re lui. Mais alors qu'il a toujours \u00e9volu\u00e9 en solitaire, Joe prend le gamin sous son aile et s'engage dans une relation sentimentale avec une vendeuse locale sourde et muette. Petit \u00e0 petit, Joe est gagn\u00e9 par la beaut\u00e9 capiteuse de Bangkok, au point de remettre en question son mode de vie, son isolement et la prudence qui lui a jusque-l\u00e0 permis de rester en vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eyHn8A0lze1pbCNxv0UsATBOmyv.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Joe)", "Shahkrit Yamnarm (Kong)", "Charlie Yeung (Fon)", "Panward Hemmanee (Aom)", "Nirattisai Kaljaruek (Surat)", "Dom Hetrakul (Aran)", "Tuck Napaskorn (Kong's Brother)", "Steve Baldocchi (Michigan)", "Chris Heebink (USC)", "James With (Chicago)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I was taught four rules...\r\n\r\nThe Pang Brothers remake their 2000 Asian film for the American audience with mixed results. Starring Nic Cage, film follows Cage's hit-man to Bangkok where he is to complete a number of hits. He tells us via narration that he has a set of rules that he follows so as to survive in the \"business\". He then promptly breaks his own codes and his life comes under threat.\r\n\r\nThat's pretty much it as regards plotting. The Pang's bring much visual style to the picture, and show themselves to be adept at action sequences, but it all feels so familiar. Action movies are rarely going to bring new stuff to the table, they often, as is the case here, are kinetic popcorn pictures missing some emotional depth to marry up with the carnage. Thus this is not a film to be sought out by any action junkies looking for something new to add to their collections. As it happens Cage is fine and broody, managing to blend hard ass machismo with vulnerable traits. He, and the filmic style make it above average, even if ultimately it's instantly forgettable afterwards. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [47327, 10431, 13051, 8409], "youtube_key": "e_b2QVAVRpc"}