{"tmdb_id": 13220, "title": "Splinter", "original_title": "Splinter", "slug_title": "splinter", "date": "2008-10-31", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Pris au pi\u00e8ge dans une station service par un parasite qui transforme ses h\u00f4tes en d'horribles cr\u00e9atures \u00e9pineuses, un jeune couple et un prisonnier en cavale doivent trouver un terrain d'entente pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 une mort atroce...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tHCE24obujsOBqhqYgPAdM3XnwE.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Baker (Blake Sherman Jr.)", "Jill Wagner (Polly Watt)", "Paulo Costanzo (Seth Belzer)", "Shea Whigham (Dennis Farell)", "Rachel Kerbs (Lacey Belisle)", "Laurel Whitsett (Sheriff Terri Frankel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ouch!\r\n\r\nSmart little horror this, what it lacks in story originality it more than makes up for elsewhere.\r\n\r\nYoung lovers Seth (Paulo Costanzo) and Polly (Jill Wagner) find their attempts at a romantic camping trip usurped by their inadequacies in the great outdoors. But this soon becomes the very least of their problems, because they are car-jacked by escaped convict Dennis Farell (Shea Whigham) and his drug addict girlfriend Lacey Belisle (Rachel Kerbs). When they run over what they think is an animal of some sort, it signals the start of a terrifying ordeal that will see the group backed into the interior of a gas station and forced to fight for their lives.\r\n\r\nWhat follows is a solid hour of suspense, terror, horrifying scenes and rich character dynamics. It\u2019s a siege situation with the enemy some sort of porcupine \u2013 vegetable \u2013 human hybrid, and it\u2019s relentless and clever. Director Toby Wilkins doesn\u2019t once let the picture sag or suffer from filler, all scenes and character interactions are integral to the plotting. Mercifully free of characters doing the dumb things that are so inherent in this splinter (hrr hrr hrr) of horror, Wilkins\u2019 film is consistently effective in what it wants to achieve. \r\n\r\nThe effects are kept to a minimum and the only real complaint is that for every attack by the creature we are subjected to shakycam. If this is to hide the effects work we don\u2019t know? And it\u2019s always great to have a horror assailant be used sparingly on a visual level, but the shakycam becomes annoying and feels like a bit of a cheat in the final quarter. The small cast offer up some sterling performances, with Whigham standing out as the hateful villain, while Nelson Cragg\u2019s photography strips the colours down to primal indie level and the film is better for it.\r\n\r\nA pleasant surprise and recommended to horror fans after a quick and bloody siege horror that never disappoints. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11152, 10070, 23963, 25983], "youtube_key": "aJndd5Eyz18"}