{"tmdb_id": 132232, "title": "Mam\u00e1", "original_title": "Mama", "slug_title": "mama", "date": "2013-01-17", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux petites filles ont disparu dans les bois le jour o\u00f9 leur parents ont \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9s. Des ann\u00e9es plus tard, celles-ci sont retrouv\u00e9es et adopt\u00e9es. Mais une certaine Mama continue de leur rendre visite...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yiEFuVjjQxApu85Z5snYirJkJUN.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Chastain (Annabel)", "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Lucas Desange)", "Megan Charpentier (Victoria Desange)", "Isabelle N\u00e9lisse (Lilly Desange)", "Daniel Kash (Dr. Dreyfuss)", "Melina Matthews (Mama (voice))", "Morgan McGarry (Young Victoria)", "Javier Botet (Mama (body))", "Jane Moffat (Jean Podolski / Mama (Voice))", "David Fox (Burnsie)", "Dominic Cuzzocrea (Ron)", "Julia Chantrey (Nina)", "Ray Kahnert (Judge)", "Christopher Marren (Cop)", "Matthew Edison (Young Cop)", "Diane Gordon (Louise)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Mothmom Possibly.\r\n\r\nMama is directed by Andres Muschietti and written by Muschietti, Barbara Muschietti and Neil Cross. It stars Jessica Chastain, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Megan Charpentier, Isabelle Nelisse, Daniel Kash, Javier Botet and Jane Moffat. Music is by Fernando Velazquez and cinematography by Antonio Riestra.\r\n\r\nA Suicidal father abducts his two young daughters and takes them to a cabin out in the woods, his intention is to kill them. Before he can enact his plan he is killed by a strange entity, leaving the two girls alone in the cabin. Years later the girls are discovered in the cabin, completely feral and when any sense can finally be made out of them, they talk of being looked after by someone they call Mama; And it seems Mama has come back with them to civilisation\u2026\r\n\r\nBased on his own 2008 Argentinian short of the same name, Andres Muschietti expands the idea out to a full length feature film. With pretty decent results as well. Pic is a supernatural fairytale, thick on ethereal atmosphere and not over reliant on boo jumps or an adherence to blood and guts spilling just to put bums on seats. From the moment the girls are found, scampering around the wood cabin on all fours, clearly having survived on cherries for five years, there\u2019s an uneasy feel to the story. We already know there is a spirit involved as we half glimpsed \u201cMama\u201d during the pre-credits sequence, what we need now is a good story and a healthy quota of frights and peril for Waldau and Chastain as they become surrogate parents to the troubled youngsters; And again, Mama mostly delivers all that is required of it for a good night in by the fire whilst perched on the edge of your seat.\r\n\r\nChastain is excellent as the punk rock chick reluctantly mothering two children before her time, the two girls, Charpentier and Nelisse, are also top draw, exuding the sadness and confusion that children of that age would obviously be feeling under these circumstances. While their reactions to what we ourselves can\u2019t see, via glances or hushed exchanges, has a creepiness to it that delivers a bucket load of dread. Muschietti\u2019s direction is very stylish, not only does he marshal his principal cast members with great skill, he shows some ingenuity in scene staging with one sequence particularly brilliant as Chastain does housework and the younger of the girls plays with Mama in the bedroom, we know it, even though we can only see the wee bairn. The soundtrack and score is suitably screechy, and the cinematography by Riestra has Gothic tints to it.\r\n\r\nWhy Mama is not a bona fide entry in the upper echelons of horror is mainly due to an annoying mistake that so many horror genre film makers make, namely showing too much of the spook. There is a point around the hour mark where \u201cMama\u201d herself just stops being scary, a shame because the effects work isn\u2019t half bad. There\u2019s other, less itchy problems, such as Waldau being reduced to a bit player from the mid-point, a sub-plot involving Kash\u2019s Dr. Dreyfuss just feels like set-up material, while the ending is sure to be a bit too WTF for some. That said, this is good genre cinema for those who like The Woman in Black type of thrills and story telling. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Some wicked creature design and good child actors make up for Mama's \"unfinished\" feeling. Jessica Chastain delivers as usual.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go."}], "recommandations_id": [82507, 91586, 109428, 65086]}