{"tmdb_id": 133200, "title": "Masquerade", "original_title": "\uad11\ud574, \uc655\uc774 \ub41c \ub0a8\uc790", "slug_title": "masquerade", "date": "2012-09-12", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Le roi Gwang-hae ordonne \u00e0 son plus proche conseiller Heo Kyun de lui trouver un sosie afin d\u2019\u00e9chapper \u00e0 la constante menace d\u2019assassinat qui p\u00e8se sur lui. Celui-ci d\u00e9couvre Ha-sun, qui ressemble remarquablement au roi. Lorsque le roi est empoisonn\u00e9, Heo Kyun propose \u00e0 Ha-sun de prendre sa place le temps que le souverain recouvre ses moyens. Celui-ci va remplir la t\u00e2che bien mieux que son pr\u00e9d\u00e9cesseur", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lLtqtWd1BAOmzeYV5vZNyXScoTM.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Byung-hun (King Gwanghae/Ha-sun)", "Ryu Seung-ryong (Chief Secretary Heo Gyun)", "Han Hyo-joo (Queen Consort)", "Kim In-kwon (Captain Do)", "Jang Gwang (Chief Eunuch)", "Shim Eun-kyung (Sa-wol)", "Park Ji-ah (Lady Han)", "Shin Jung-geun (Lee Jeong-rang)", "Jeon Guk-hyang (Lady Jeong)", "Jeon Bae-soo (Hyung-pan)", "Lee El (Lady Ahn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Viajecito", "content": "A commoner becoming the king is a theme that's all too familiar to us. The story was told in <The Prince and The Pauper> and this film takes the idea from that and takes it to the 16th-century Joseon Dynasty. The king is the tragic historic figure of Kwanghae. The commoner who becomes the King realizes just what it takes to be a good king. Although the premise may feel like it\u2019s based on real events in history, but the film is a work of fiction. LEE Byung-hun plays both the king and the commoner and it's his first role in a historical drama since his debut. His queen, who loves her king despite realizing that he's a fake, is played by HAN Hyo-joo who showed great potential in <Only You>. The movie is directed by CHOO Chang-min whose other works include <Mapado> and <Lost in Love> and the writer HWANG Jo-yeon co-wrote <Old Boy>."}], "recommandations_id": [91078, 89501, 242452, 45035]}