{"tmdb_id": 133539, "title": "Riders of the West", "original_title": "Riders of the West", "slug_title": "riders-of-the-west", "date": "1942-08-21", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ma Turner of Red Bluff sends for U.S.Marshal Buck Roberts to investigate a series of wide-spread rustling in the area. Town banker Miller, saloon-owner Duke Mason and the crooked sheriff are in cahoots with rancher John Holt, but they double-cross and kill him. His son Steve witnesses the murder and kills the sheriff. Buck arrives and arrests Steve. Marshal Tim McCall, posing as an outlaw, gains the confidence of the gang and engineers the escape, with Buck's knowledge, of Steve from the jail. Sandy Hopkins, the third Marshal of the trio, poses as a peddler and learns that the gang intends to do away with Buck and rides to the Turner ranch to warn him. Red, a Turner ranch hand but also a member of the gang, overhears Buck telling Ma that Tim is really a U.S. Marshal, and he has Miller and Mason informed. Written by Les Adams", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fEvNC6MDE0cMweJz54ude9THmQp.jpg", "actors": ["Buck Jones (Marshal Buck Roberts)", "Tim McCoy (Marshal Tim McCall)", "Raymond Hatton (Marshal Sandy Hopkins)", "Sarah Padden (Ma Turner)", "Harry Woods (Duke Mason)", "Christine McIntyre (Hope Turner)", "Milburn Morante (Joe, the Storekeeper (as Milt Morante))", "Walter McGrail (Miller, the Banker)", "Dennis Moore (Steve Holt)", "Charles King (Henchman Hogan)", "Silver (Buck's Horse)", "Victor Adamson (Townsman)", "Jimmy Aubrey (Townsman)", "Lynton Brent (Henchman Roy)", "Roy Bucko (Townsman)", "Dick Dickinson (Rancher Cliff)", "Robert Frazer (John Holt)", "Herman Hack (Herman)", "Jack Holmes (Lem Martin)", "Jack Kirk (Townsman)", "Tom London (Slim - Lanky Henchman)", "Kermit Maynard (Henchman)", "George Morrell (Rancher)", "Bud Osborne (Red - Crooked Ranchhand)", "Edward Peil Sr. (Investigator Jim Dodge)", "Lee Phelps (The Sheriff-Conspirator)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}