{"tmdb_id": 133790, "title": "Clear History", "original_title": "Clear History", "slug_title": "clear-history", "date": "2013-08-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Nathan Flomm est un ancien responsable marketing d'une entreprise de voitures \u00e9lectriques mis \u00e0 la porte suite \u00e0 une dispute avec son patron. Publiquement humili\u00e9, il doit abandonner ses 10% de parts valant des milliards. Dix ans plus tard, Nathan a chang\u00e9 son nom pour celui de Rory DaVore et s'est exil\u00e9 sur une petite \u00eele bordant le Massachusetts. Cependant, lorsque son ancien patron d\u00e9barque chez lui pour r\u00e9nover sa maison de vacances, il se promet de prendre sa revanche et de tout faire pour le chasser de l'\u00eele.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sRxcAPUwUJBjtLpnlt79E8qo1kP.jpg", "actors": ["Larry David (Nathan Flomm / Rolly DaVore)", "Eva Mendes (Jennifer)", "Kate Hudson (Rhonda)", "Danny McBride (Frank)", "Jon Hamm (Will Haney)", "Michael Keaton (Joe Stumpo)", "Bill Hader (Rags)", "Amy Ryan (Wendy)", "Philip Baker Hall (McKenzie)", "J.B. Smoove (Jaspar)", "Liev Schreiber (Tibor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story of how to mess up the second chance as well.**\r\n\r\nA much better film than I anticipated from the director of 'Superbad'. This is a television film, that's the sad part, but the production quality was like made for the big screens. From the title to the performances and the locations, all were very good. This is the tale of a man who gave up his share in a startup to realise it a few years later that he had lost a big fortune. And his second chance, how he's going to react and what he gets is what the film was focused.\r\n\r\nThe casting was really good. Even for the tiny roles, many big names came in. But Larry David ruled as the story presented from his perspective. Don't ignore it thinking it is a small screen product, because this was a unique story and very entertaining. Almost a perfect flick, including a fine pace. But in a few segments, it dragged with unnecessary scenes. More like unneeded developments to stretch the runtime. Though there's no complaint for the overall film. It's not a must see film, but if you miss it you are going to miss out a good entertainment. And finally, I liked the end credits.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [55725, 28917, 91921, 135647], "youtube_key": "iIrYd6fVpL8"}