{"tmdb_id": 134380, "title": "The Mistress", "original_title": "The Mistress", "slug_title": "the-mistress", "date": "2012-09-21", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A young woman is torn between the affections of her two lovers. One is a young bachelor who brings passion into her life. The other is a married man who has kept her as his mistress for years. Architect JD has a chip on his shoulder about his father Rico never really accepting him as his son. Seamstress Sari struggles to take care of her family. The two meet by chance, and JD aggressively pursues Saris affections. Though the two are clearly a good match, there is a problem standing in the way of their bliss: Sari is the mistress of JDs father. Against his better judgment, JD continues to court Sari even after finding out this difficult fact. He hides his true identity as Ricos son, and fights to win Saris heart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8yN0dib1HZyLn4iicUB41AOj2FD.jpg", "actors": ["Bea Alonzo (Rosario Alfonso / Sari)", "John Lloyd Cruz (Frederico Torres Jr. / JD)", "Ronaldo Valdez (Rico Torres)", "Hilda Koronel (Regina Torres)", "Anita Linda (Lola Lina)", "Carmi Martin (Marrion)", "Clarence Delgado (Mamon)", "Tony Mabesa (Maestro Emil)", "K Brosas (Rosa)", "Minnie Aguilar ()", "Gabe Mercado (Mr. Zarate)", "Nor Domingo ()", "Carla Humphries (Carly)", "Al Gatmaitan (Arnold)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [292285, 99460, 156984, 369927], "youtube_key": "DLSj41DteOU"}