{"tmdb_id": 13524, "title": "La bataille des Ardennes", "original_title": "Battle of the Bulge", "slug_title": "la-bataille-des-ardennes", "date": "1965-04-02", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Au cours de l'hiver 1944, \u00e0 la veille du Nouvel An, les forces alli\u00e9es se tiennent pr\u00eates \u00e0 envahir l'Allemagne. Pour contrer cela, Hitler op\u00e8re une offensive pour reconqu\u00e9rir le territoire fran\u00e7ais et capturer la ville portuaire d'Antwerp. \"La Bataille des Ardennes\" nous retrace l'histoire de ce conflit gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 deux points de vue diam\u00e9tralement oppos\u00e9s : celui d'un officier am\u00e9ricain et celui d'un officier allemand...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o41pnzW7W8Mt3YR5YVv5ovlhoau.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Fonda (Lt Col Kiley)", "Robert Shaw (Col Hessler)", "Robert Ryan (General Grey)", "Dana Andrews (Colonel Pritchard)", "George Montgomery (Sgt. Duquesne)", "Ty Hardin (Schumacher)", "Pier Angeli (Louise)", "Barbara Werle (Elena)", "Charles Bronson (Maj. Wolenski)", "Hans Christian Blech (Conrad)", "Werner Peters (Gen. Kohler)", "James MacArthur (Lt. Weaver)", "Karl-Otto Alberty (Von Diepel)", "Telly Savalas (Sgt. Guffy)", "Steve Rowland (Eddy)", "Robert Woods (Joe (Kiley's pilot))", "Charles Stalmaker (Maj. Burke)", "John Clark ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lwpcolonel", "content": "This film is created out of composite characters, most notably Henry Fonda, as a Lt. Colonel in Intelligence and Robert Shaw, as a Panzer Brigade Commander supposedly just recalled from the Russian Front, where he was \"losing the war there\". \n\nAccording to the official account, the part Robert Shaw fictitiously portrayed wasn't the Colonel Hessler he was titled as, but; Joachim Peiper,  and the following is from the official account; \"The 6th Panzer Army included the elite of the Waffen-SS, including four Panzer divisions and five infantry divisions in three corps. SS-Obersturmbannf\u00fchrer Joachim Peiper led Kampfgruppe Peiper, consisting of 4,800 men and 600 vehicles, which was charged with leading the main effort. However, its newest and most powerful tank, the Tiger II heavy tank, consumed 3.8 litres (1 gal) of fuel to go 800 m (.5 mi), and the Germans had less than half the fuel they needed to reach Antwerp.\" \n\nThe film was built around the German strategic objective being beyond their reach in fuel and other vital strategic materials. Why did they use fictitious characters where the real ones would have done even better? Less than 20 years after the war and the events makes the responsibility of depicting real historic and often heroic or infamous personalities a tall order for the mainstream cinema. One must remember that this was a commercial production, not an historic account. \n\nThe famous and catchy song, sung in the movie as a theme of the Panzer Corp., in German, \"Panzerlied\", was written for the movie. It can be found on \"You Tube\" and is apparently both catchy and popular--- it also didn't happen that way. \n\nStill, to be fair, when we first got a Video player, around 1981, the first movie I watched was \"The Battle of The Bulge\", despite all its historical inaccuracies, because its entertaining and I'm sorry it has to end. In reality, it was more unpleasant than depicted and the Hollywood movie starring Van Johnson from around 1948, titled, \"Battleground\" presents a better reenactment, though also fictionalized and from the standpoint of 1 small allied unit rather than the broader scope depicted in \"The Battle of the Bulge\". \n\nThis is an excellent, high budget film with good actors, and acting that shows both sides, and attempts to demonstrate what the \"Battle of the Bulge\" was actually about. It does this well, from a Hollywood standpoint, though films such as \"Patton\" were made a few years later using the real characters, and based on reliable source materials with somewhat less fictionalization."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Nazi Germany\u2019s last gasp***\r\n\r\n\u201cBattle of the Bulge\u201d (1965) depicts the last major German offensive on the Western Front from December 16 \u2013 January 25, 1944-1945. The action takes place at the intersection of Belgium, Germany, France and Luxembourg. American forces were thoroughly surprised by the German attack on the morning of December 16th and took the highest casualties of any operation during WW2.\r\n\r\nThere are glaring inaccuracies, most notably the absence of Tiger and Sherman tanks, substituted by the US M47 Patton and M24 Chaffee. But the filmmakers had to use what was available to them in Spain in the non-CGI era of 1964. Speaking of the Spanish locations, some battle scenes were shot in flat, bare territory whereas the real locations, the Ardennes, were/are mountainous and forested. Thankfully, there are some sylvan sequences, as well as snowy ones, just not as much snow as in the real battle.\r\n\r\nCritics also lambaste the film story-wise, but the filmmakers had to condense a 40-day battle into less than three hours and make it understandable and dramatic for the audience. The film gets the gist right and includes real-life pieces, like the infamous Malmedy Massacre. It also inspires interest in the subject to look up the real history.\r\n\r\nAnother highlight is the great cast with Robert Shaw outstanding as Colonel Hessler. Also featured are the likes of Henry Fonda, Robert Ryan, Charles Bronson, Telly Savalas, George Montgomery, James MacArthur and so on.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 47 minutes and was shot in Spain (Sierra de Guadarrama mountain range and Madrid).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [15873, 11463, 18780, 31623], "youtube_key": "tY07AIFK7fo"}