{"tmdb_id": 135368, "title": "The Forest", "original_title": "The Barrens", "slug_title": "the-forest", "date": "2012-09-28", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Une famille part camper dans les Barrens, un territoire au coeur du New Jersey. Le p\u00e8re est enthousiaste \u00e0 l'id\u00e9e de faire d\u00e9couvrir aux siens le lieu o\u00f9 son propre p\u00e8re l'emmenait lorsqu'il \u00e9tait enfant. Mais la joie fait bient\u00f4t place \u00e0 l'angoisse, les lieux semblant \u00eatre habit\u00e9s par une \u00e9trange cr\u00e9ature...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aUN3od4cpNfPutGGLgAGWMgNFFA.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Moyer (Richard Vineyard)", "Mia Kirshner (Cynthia Vineyard)", "Allie MacDonald (Sadie Vineyard)", "Erik Knudsen (Ryan)", "Max Topplin (Zach)", "Demore Barnes (Deputy Ranger)", "J. Larose (Ranger Bob)", "Chantelle Chung (Laura)", "Peter DaCunha (Danny Vineyard)", "David Keeley (Sheriff Winters)", "Shamier Anderson (Dave)", "Marty Adams (Peter Luther)", "Jason Detheridge (Jersey Devil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Devils and Deers and Bears - Oh my!\r\n\r\nAlright, lets cut to the chase here, The Barrens, a spin on The Jersey Devil legend, is no uber great movie. Chastised and frowned upon by much of the horror community, you have to wonder just what was expected of a production like this - a pic that's early notices suggested it was never going to shake the earth of the horror crowd?\r\n\r\nThe Barrens is competent film making in the context of the budget afforded it. When you look at some of the films that have been churned out on the various sci-fi and horror channels out their in cable land, then this definitely has more going for it.\r\n\r\nTrue! There's the usual implausibilities and director and writer Darren Lynn Bousman has pacing problems, but there's good thought gone into the screenplay here, Bousman looking to add a little more to his film than merely being a \"monster in the woods\" shocker. There's also decent performances from the cast, which only comes to fruition when things finally go belly up in the last third.\r\n\r\nNot one to recommend with any sort of confidence, especially to the tough horror loving crowd, but if you are after a \"decent\" \"B\" type horror to view while you are pottering about doing stuff in your lounge (or basements), then it proves itself to be more viable than some Syfy channel trash that is churned out at regular intervals. 5.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "An (at least fractionally) complex horror story based on a cryptid I'm familiar with, but have never seen put to screen before. Cast's not great, but not worth complaining about either. The central creep is held in reserve, almost certainly for monetary reasons, but it works in _The Barrens_' favour. I won't be revisiting this Jersey Devil horror, but I did have an okay time with it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [24116, 347848, 47386, 28917], "youtube_key": "notfound"}