{"tmdb_id": 135595, "title": "Trade Of Innocents", "original_title": "Trade Of Innocents", "slug_title": "trade-of-innocents", "date": "2012-09-27", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "In the back streets of a tourist town in present-day Southeast Asia, we find a filthy cinder block room; a bed with soiled sheets; a little girl waits for the next man. Alex (Dermot Mulroney), a human trafficking investigator, plays the role of her next customer as he negotiates with the pimp for the use of the child. Claire (Mira Sorvino), Alex's wife, is caught up in the flow of her new life in Southeast Asia and her role as a volunteer in an aftercare shelter for rescued girls where lives of local neighborhood girl's freedoms and dignity are threatened. Parallel story lines intertwine and unfold twists against the backdrop of the dangerous human trafficking world, in a story of struggle, life, hope and redemption in the \"TRADE of INNOCENTS.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3FU5tesyHCIWBfRuEuueJmykcVv.jpg", "actors": ["Dermot Mulroney (Alex Becker)", "Mira Sorvino (Claire Becker)", "John Billingsley (Malcolm Eddery)", "Trieu Tran (Duke)", "Ki\u1ec1u Chinh ((voice))", "Tanapol Chuksrida (Brothel man)", "Vithaya Pansringarm (Nath)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A serious material in a poor movie!\r\n\r\nI really want to like this movie and rate higher as an honest living person for its contents alone, but as a movie freak it was easy to say the screenplay was a letdown. Not based on the actual incident, but the film depicts how and where these things take place. In fact inspired by the director and producers of this film's own experience during a visit to the Cambodia. This was a movie about human trafficking, in the line of movies like 'Trade' and 'Eden'.\r\n\r\nAn American couple who recently lost their child on a mission in a Southeast Asian city to fight the crime. What they encounter is the crux of the story. Don't anticipate breathtaking stunts and wide human traffic network like the movie 'Taken'. As I expected in this low budget movie, everything was too short including the cast with a simple story. But there is a powerful message, that's the most important and everything else is just a formality for a movie to have a basic thing. Watch it or not its up to you, because in one way worth give a try and in another, it is not.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [165598, 80299, 72766, 61168], "youtube_key": "notfound"}