{"tmdb_id": 13572, "title": "Instincts meurtriers", "original_title": "Twisted", "slug_title": "instincts-meurtriers", "date": "2004-02-27", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Jessica Shepard est connue pour \u00eatre une d\u00e9tective au caract\u00e8re tremp\u00e9. Hant\u00e9e par le pass\u00e9 de tueur en s\u00e9rie de son p\u00e8re, elle ne fait preuve d'aucun sentimentalisme, que ce soit dans son travail ou dans ses relations avec les hommes.R\u00e9cemment promue \u00e0 la criminelle, elle enqu\u00eate sur sa premi\u00e8re affaire : une s\u00e9rie de meurtres sauvages dont toutes les victimes se r\u00e9v\u00e8lent \u00eatre ses anciens amants. Jessica se rend compte qu'elle est le lien entre tous ces morts.Accumulant de myst\u00e9rieux trous de m\u00e9moire et face \u00e0 des indices qui lui rappellent le dossier de son p\u00e8re, elle est plong\u00e9e dans la confusion la plus totale. Tr\u00e8s impulsive, elle a du mal \u00e0 temp\u00e9rer certains acc\u00e8s de violence et en vient \u00e0 se demander si elle n'est pas, elle-m\u00eame, le tueur sur lequel elle enqu\u00eate...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yw9yXOPNbCfGf7V4tg3AASjAPPN.jpg", "actors": ["Ashley Judd (Jessica Shepard)", "Samuel L. Jackson (John Mills)", "Andy Garc\u00eda (Mike Delmarco)", "David Strathairn (Dr. Melvin Frank)", "Russell Wong (Lieutenant Tong)", "Mark Pellegrino (Jimmy Schmidt)", "Camryn Manheim (Lisa)", "Titus Welliver (Dale Becker)", "D.W. Moffett (Ray Porter)", "Richard T. Jones (Wilson Jefferson)", "Leland Orser (Edmund Cutler)", "James Oliver Bullock (John Flanagan)", "William Hall (Chip Marshall)", "Joe Duer (Larry Geber)", "Jim Hechim (Bob Sherman)", "Drew Letchworth (Bartender)", "Diane Amos (Jones)", "Anni Long (Cop)", "David Tenenbaum (Cop)", "Leonard L. Thomas (Mills' Aide)", "Joe Drago (Man at Bar)", "Bruce Marovich (Lieutenant Marovich)", "Danny Lopez (Sergeant Lopez)", "Lyn Tomioka (Yawara Instructor)", "Leslie Kaye (Forensic Lab Technician)", "Angela Tse (Forensic Lab Technician)", "Ofri Fuchs (Girl at Saloon)", "Angelo Miller (Saloon Bouncer)", "Peter Ridet (Cop Bar Bartender)", "Garrett Townsend (Man at Saloon)", "Victor Vallejo (Inspector Vallejo)", "Carola Zertuche (Flamenco Dancer)", "Veronica Cartwright (Landlady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Twister? Alledgedly...\r\n\r\nFrom the middle tier of what we know as being Neo-Noir, Twisted is a frustrating experience. Right off the bat the cast list boasts weighty worth, giving us the promise of a dramatic thriller, filmed on location in Frisco, with misty lenses, lamp lights, waterside moods etc, it's set up a treat. As is the premise...\r\n\r\nAshley Judd stars as a newly promoted hot-shot police detective, who in quality noir traditions has a whole heap of problems going on. Her family back story is shattering, she herself is heavily reliant on alcohol and she likes casual sex with strangers, strangers who start turning up dead, the kicker of which sees her basically investigating herself as a the prime suspect! Unfortunately with everything in place the pic never shifts out of first gear. The red herrings stack up, but nothing with any real conviction, and the whole premise starts to get monotonous, worse still the big reveal really isn't a surprise. There was a raft of these type of films in the 80s and 90s that were done much better, and on completion of viewing this effort one hankers for those pics - not to mention for the film noir of old!\r\n\r\nAshley Judd always frustrates, one can see a very good actress in her body of work, but she's more often than not starring in so so thrillers. It can possibly argued that her co-star Andy Garcia is a great actor who hasn't reached the heights he should have, the days of The Untouchables and Godfather III seeming to be fleeting glimpses of talent. Here he gets a thankless role that's poorly written, while both Samuel L. Jackson and David Strathairn add nice touches but aren't asked to extend themselves. Directed by Phillip Kaufman who as with Rising Sun, here also looks out of his comfort zone with the genre. But the presence of Mulholland Dr DOP Peter Deming is noticeable and one of the pics strengths. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9039, 11560, 11058, 10398], "youtube_key": "sjphe2tlKKw"}