{"tmdb_id": 13588, "title": "Eddie Izzard: Definite Article", "original_title": "Eddie Izzard: Definite Article", "slug_title": "eddie-izzard-definite-article", "date": "1996-10-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Eddie arrives on stage through a huge book which opens to reveal him sitting at the top of a staircase. Then discusses Caesar dog food, 24 hour garages, Latin, and winds his way through James Bond gadgets, Einstein and Pavlov.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5uNH4xvPN9oDPSOsNSisyro1toO.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Izzard (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Brilliance before fame dimmed Eddie\u2019s stand up star.\r\n \r\nOne of the definitive Eddie Izzard shows, it is the one that showcases his ability to just run with a topic and spin off into all sorts of wonderful comedy directions. It is here that he had an edge that I personally don't think he has ever quite reached since.\r\n\r\nIzzard has this cute way of being able to tap into subjects that we can all associate with. Remember those daft sayings? Those school trips? Standing in a petrol station queue at night time? Or the madness of supermarket shopping? He is also one of those comedians that can visually get you laughing out loud with his mimes as he brings to life the most ridiculous of stories. This remains a favourite stand up show of many, one of the best available on home format releases because it still works on repeat viewings, but the joy is only shortened by the knowledge that the bigger he got the more Izzard let his standards slip.\r\n\r\nDefinite Article is Definitive Izzard. 9/10  \"so yeah\""}], "recommandations_id": [13591, 13590, 13587, 13592], "youtube_key": "notfound"}