{"tmdb_id": 13581, "title": "Au c\u0153ur de la nuit", "original_title": "Dead of Night", "slug_title": "au-coeur-de-la-nuit", "date": "1945-09-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Les invit\u00e9s d'un tranquille cottage content chacun une histoire extraordinaire qu'ils ont v\u00e9cue. Le premier r\u00e9cit est celui d'un coureur automobile qui \u00e9chappe de peu \u00e0 la mort. La deuxi\u00e8me histoire est celle d'une jeune fille rencontrant le fant\u00f4me d'un petit gar\u00e7on assassin\u00e9 dans un manoir. Et le troisi\u00e8me r\u00e9cit raconte comment un homme pourtant pond\u00e9r\u00e9 est conduit \u00e0 la folie meurtri\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oVAlugIkLCkyyXufNDhtr5kl3yB.jpg", "actors": ["Mervyn Johns (Walter Craig)", "Roland Culver (Eliot Foley)", "Mary Merrall (Mrs. Foley)", "Googie Withers (Joan Cortland (The Haunted Mirror))", "Frederick Valk (Dr. Van Straaten)", "Anthony Baird (Hugh Grainger (The Hearse Conductor))", "Sally Ann Howes (Sally O'Hara (The Christmas Story))", "Robert Wyndham (Dr. Albury (The Christmas Story))", "Judy Kelly (Joyce Grainger (The Hearse Conductor))", "Miles Malleson (Hearse Driver (The Hearse Conductor))", "Michael Allan (Jimmy Watson (The Christmas Story))", "Barbara Leake (Mrs. O'Hara (The Christmas Story))", "Ralph Michael (Peter Cortland (The Haunted Mirror))", "Esme Percy (Antiques Dealer (The Haunted Mirror))", "Basil Radford (George Parratt (The Golfing Story))", "Naunton Wayne (Larry Potter (The Golfing Story))", "Peggy Bryan (Mary Lee (The Golfing Story))", "Allan Jeayes (Maurice Olcott (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Michael Redgrave (Maxwell Frere (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Elisabeth Welch (Beulah (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Hartley Power (Sylvester Kee (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Magda Kun (Mitzi (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Garry Marsh (Harry Parker (The Ventriloquist's Dummy))", "Renee Gadd (Mrs. Craig)", "John McGuire (Hugo Fitch (The Ventriloquist's Dummy) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A weekend in the country? I should go.\r\n\r\nArchitect Walter Craig arrives at Pilgrim's Farm for a weekend party held by what he hopes is a prospective client. Upon entering the farm house, Walter amazes everyone by telling them that he has a recurring nightmare about the house, the weekend and everyone in it. This sets off talk about the supernatural and each guest takes it in turn to recount their own strange tale...\r\n\r\nDead Of Night is brought to us courtesy of Ealing Studios, somewhat a veer from the normal output associated with that bastion of British cinema, it is none the less one of the finest films to have come from the place that gave us The Ladykillers, Kind Hearts And Coronets and The Man in The White Suit. I often wonder if Dead Of Night sometimes wrongly gets marked down by the modern audience on account of its familiarity with creepy anthology shows such as One Step Beyond and The Twilight Zone? Or because of the numerous other movies with the same horror format that followed this, the best of them?\r\n\r\nThere are five segments in Dead Of Night that are jointly directed by Alberto Cavalcanti (Went the Day Well?), Basil Dearden (Victim), Robert Hamer (Kind Hearts and Coronets) and Charles Crichton (The Lavender Hill Mob). In the cast we have Mervyn Johns, Googie Withers, Sally Ann Howes, Roland Culver, Frederick Valk and a stunning Michael Redgrave. The stories consist of \"The Hearse Driver,\" \"The Christmas Story,\" \"The Haunted Mirror,\" \"The Golfing Story\" and the chilling crowning glory that is \"The Ventriloquist Dummy\" (the latter being responsible for my fear of talking dummies even to this day).\r\n\r\nIn spite of my obvious love for this film (it \"is\" the greatest anthology spooker ever) I'm aware that it suffers from a variance of pace (the bane of anthology films), whilst the light relief in the form of \"The Golfing Story\" , whilst being a jolly bit of cinema, is in truth a segment that doesn't sit quite right. More so when you consider it precedes the film's acknowledged Dummy led high point. Yet dust off the terribly British cobwebs and you find a hugely influential picture in the pantheon of horror anthologies. A film backed up by two genuinely creepy episodes (RE: The Haunted Mirror as well as that damn Dummy one). Thankfully, as Ealing films have found a new audience on DVD, Dead Of Night has been subjected to worthy and complimentary re-appraisal. Especially in America, where confusion reigned back in the day as two segments were cut from the released picture (segment 4 Golf and segment 2 Christmas), I mean imagine trying to make sense of character continuity there!\r\n\r\nSo turn off the lights, listen to the sharp dialogue, and always keep one eye on what's stirring in the shadows, especially at the Dead Of Night... 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16372, 16093, 25103, 24106], "youtube_key": "86v2N-GffQM"}