{"tmdb_id": 13580, "title": "L'espion qui venait du froid", "original_title": "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold", "slug_title": "l-espion-qui-venait-du-froid", "date": "1965-12-16", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "En pleine guerre froide, l'agent secret britannique Alec Leamas est envoy\u00e9 en Allemagne de l'Est. Pour passer le rideau de fer en toute discr\u00e9tion, l'espion feint d'avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 renvoy\u00e9 par l'Intelligence Service. Se pr\u00e9sentant comme un alcoolique d\u00e9pressif, il parvient \u00e0 se faire embaucher dans une biblioth\u00e8que. L\u00e0, il fait la connaissance d'une jeune communiste, Nancy Perry. Apr\u00e8s un s\u00e9jour en prison, il est contact\u00e9 par un agent des services est-allemands. Sa mission consiste \u00e0 poser une sourici\u00e8re afin de confondre un certain Mundt, haut grad\u00e9 de l'espionnage est-allemand, en apportant des preuves de sa trahison \u00e0 Fiedler, son adjoint. De Hollande, Leamas parvient \u00e0 passer \u00e0 l'Est, o\u00f9 Fiedler le fait arr\u00eater pour t\u00e9moigner au proc\u00e8s de Mundt. Nancy Perry est aussi appel\u00e9e \u00e0 la barre, o\u00f9 elle d\u00e9truit les arguments de Leamas et Fiedler...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gq4rjEdNO68kQh98yEihWAnJBO8.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (Alec Leamas)", "Claire Bloom (Nan Perry)", "Oskar Werner (Fiedler)", "Sam Wanamaker (Peters)", "George Voskovec (East German Defense Attorney)", "Rupert Davies (George Smiley)", "Cyril Cusack (Control)", "Peter van Eyck (Hans-Dieter Mundt)", "Michael Hordern (Ashe)", "Robert Hardy (Dick Carlton)", "Bernard Lee (Patmore)", "Beatrix Lehmann (Tribunal President)", "Esmond Knight (Old Judge)", "Niall MacGinnis (German Checkpoint Guard)", "Scott Finch (German Guide)", "Anne Blake (Miss Crail)", "George Mikell (German Checkpoint Guard)", "Richard Marner (Vopo Captain)", "Warren Mitchell (Mr. Zanfrello)", "Steve Plytas (East German Judge)", "Tom Stern (CIA Agent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Frosty reception assured.\r\n\r\nThe Spy Who Came in from the Cold is directed by Martin Ritt and adapted to screenplay by Paul Dehn and Guy Trosper from the novel of the same name written by John le Carr\u00e9. It stars Richard Burton, Claire Bloom, Oskar Werner, Peter van Eyck, Sam Wanamaker, Rupert Davies and Cyril Cusack. Music is by Sol Kaplan and cinematography by Oswald Morris.\r\n\r\nDisillusioned spy Alex Leamas (Burton) returns from Berlin and is required to \"come in from the cold\" and work in a stable everyday job environment. But this is just a small piece of a much bigger jigsaw\u2026 From start to finish this is a deliberate downer of a movie, the complete flipside to the spy adventures served up in other high energy filmic quarters. Filmed in coarse monochrome to set the mood, picture is often depressing, overtly talky and complex in its characterisations and narrative bent. However, those things are not hindrances, for this is undeniably adult stuff, oozing with intelligence and intricacies for the mature film fan, a clinically spun web of pawns, manipulations and distrustful men. The Cold War backdrop is marked as deathly cold, where the grey weather is only matched by the colourless complexion of Burton's depressed spy. As the twists rack up and the tension noose is tightened, Ritt and his cast of excellent performers are only interested in keeping it real, right up to, and including, the devastating finale.\r\n\r\nNot one to turn to when in need of a pick-me-up, or in fact a film you want to watch perennially, but certainly it's a piece of work that serves to remind us that intense well written and performed cinema is always available to view when the mood fits. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [34388, 15247, 22013, 17365], "youtube_key": "aAR8YUCnG8o"}