{"tmdb_id": 136179, "title": "Gunfighters of Casa Grande", "original_title": "Gunfighters of Casa Grande", "slug_title": "gunfighters-of-casa-grande", "date": "1964-05-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ekSOkFdzuYJVht8jZkvit6sGQnt.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Nicol (Joe Daylight)", "Dick Bentley (Doc Kindley)", "Jorge Mistral (Der Reisende)", "Steve Rowland (The Kid)", "Phil Posner (Henri Verain)", "Mercedes Alonso (Dona Mar\u00eda de Castellar)", "Diana Lorys (Zigeunerin)", "Mar\u00eda Granada (Pacesita)", "Roberto Rey (Don Castellar de Verdugo)", "Aldo Sambrell (Rojo)", "Toni Fuentes (Carlos, Casa Grande's 1st Vaquero (as Anthony Fuentes))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ill Manor.\r\n\r\nGunfighters of Casa Grande is directed by Roy Rowland and written by Clarke Reynolds and Borden and Patricia Chase. It stars Alex Nicol, Jorge Mistral, Dick Bentley, Steve Rowland, Phil Posner, Mercedes Alonso, Diana Lorys, Mar\u00eda Granada. Music is by Johnny Douglas and cinematography by Jos\u00e9 F. Aguayo and Manuel MerinoJose.\r\n\r\nAfter the war between The States, when the Eastern part of the United States was beef starved and inflated prices were paid at Northern railroad points ... a border raider evolved a plan that would lead to the greatest stolen cattle herd and pay off in the history of the West.\r\n\r\nOut of MGM, this Spanish/American Western was filmed in Mexico and is a CinemaScope/Metrocolor production. What with that value and the opening salvo as written above, one wouldn't be unfair to expect a good movie. Sadly this isn't the case. The whole stolen herd thing is a bum steer, the narrative a muddled mess that ultimately loses focus on story telling sense. On breaking it down we have an uneasy group dynamic, where a handful of sharp shooting men - led by a devious tyrant wannabe called Joe Daylight (Nicol) - end up getting women trouble whilst dealing with bandido baddies.\r\n\r\nIt's all on testosterone overdrive, complete with what can only be described as a pissing contest, with the acting close to being as poor as the choppy story. The musical score is schizophrenic, with some of it sounding oddly like a play on The White Cliffs of Dover and comedy fare that wouldn't be out of place in a Cary Grant screwball piece. Locations are nice, but the colour mix is way too bright, but at least we have two entries in the Victor Mature and James Caan look a like competition...\r\n\r\nSome competent action scenes, such as the finale and a defence of Casa Grande (the ranch) stop it being a complete dead loss, but it's not one that Western fans should seek out as a matter of need. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}