{"tmdb_id": 13613, "title": "Le Jour des morts", "original_title": "Day of the Dead", "slug_title": "le-jour-des-morts", "date": "2008-04-08", "genre": ["Horreur / Action / Thriller"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Une \u00e9pid\u00e9mie se r\u00e9pand dans une petite ville des \u00c9tats-Unis, la garde nationale des \u00c9tats-Unis organise alors une quarantaine afin de contr\u00f4ler l'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie. Sarah (m\u00eame pr\u00e9nom que l'h\u00e9ro\u00efne de l'ancien Day of the dead) caporal de la garde nationale est originaire de cette m\u00eame ville et d\u00e9cide d'aller prendre des nouvelles de sa m\u00e8re et son fr\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3XOH1jaFFhfGD5gxv05GSdBWn21.jpg", "actors": ["Mena Suvari (Sarah Bowman)", "Nick Cannon (Salazar)", "Michael Welch (Trevor Bowman)", "AnnaLynne McCord (Nina)", "Stark Sands (Bud Crain)", "Matt Rippy (Doctor Logan)", "Pat Kilbane (Scientist)", "Taylor Hoover (Local Girl)", "Christa Campbell (Mrs. Leitner)", "Ian McNeice (Paul - DJ)", "Ving Rhames (Captain Rhodes)", "Robert Rais (Mr. Leitner)", "Michael McCoy (Mr. Noble)", "Laura Giosh (Mrs. Noble)", "Vanessa Johansson (Receptionist)", "Mark Coolidge Johnson (Sheriff Carver)", "David Pineda (Nervous Deputy)", "Sergio Buenrostro (Soldier)", "Miroslav Emilov (Young Punk)", "Alex Brown (Young Man)", "Hollie Dorrough (Young Punkgirl)", "Brian La Rosa (Man in Woods)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Zombezi I'm on my way.\r\n\r\nA town is infected with a virus that turns the populace into flesh eating creatures. A hardy band of survivors fight to stay alive...\r\n\r\nRegardless of comparing it to the Romero film that shares the same name - since not all remakes suck - this is just a bad film. OK! It can maybe be argued that the makers here tried to reimage Romero's zombie formula, by having the zombies here be supernatural in style, rage like in execution, and the gore is impressively shed. But sadly the characters are uninvolving and annoying, with actors either sleepwalking through their roles (hello Ving Rhames), or badly miscast (hello Mena Suvari).\r\n\r\nIt's a drunken one night stand of a movie, it looked like it might be fun at the time, but come the morning there is just headache and shame. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29426, 13025, 10070, 74471], "youtube_key": "LrI2xITvWts"}