{"tmdb_id": 1365, "title": "\u00c0 l'ombre de la haine", "original_title": "Monster's Ball", "slug_title": "a-l-ombre-de-la-haine", "date": "2001-11-11", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville du sud des Etats-Unis, Hank Grotowski, comme son p\u00e8re Buck avant lui, travaille au quartier des condamn\u00e9s \u00e0 mort au sein de la prison locale. Son fils Sonny y fait \u00e9galement ses d\u00e9buts. Hank a depuis longtemps appris \u00e0 \u00eatre distant et froid, tandis que Sonny fait preuve d'une grande sensibilit\u00e9.Tous deux sont en charge de l'ex\u00e9cution capitale de Lawrence Musgrove, un Noir dont le passe-temps favori est de dessiner des portraits. Sa femme Leticia et son fils Tyrell viennent r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement lui rendre visite.A la suite de tragiques \u00e9v\u00e9nements, Hank et Leticia vont \u00eatre amen\u00e9s \u00e0 faire connaissance. Cette rencontre va bouleverser leur existence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s7o0AyOFIYNjTe008pV6EZMI2IP.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Bob Thornton (Hank Grotowski)", "Halle Berry (Leticia Musgrove)", "Heath Ledger (Sonny Grotowski)", "Sean Combs (Lawrence Musgrove)", "Coronji Calhoun (Tyrell Musgrove)", "Peter Boyle (Buck Grotowski)", "Taylor Simpson (Lucille)", "Gabrielle Witcher (Betty)", "Amber Rules (Vera)", "Yasiin Bey (Ryrus Cooper)", "Taylor LaGrange (Darryl Cooper)", "Charles Cowan Jr. (Willie Cooper)", "Anthony Bean (Dappa Smith)", "Francine Segal (Georgia Ann Paynes)", "John McConnell (Harvey Shoonmaker)", "Marcus Lyle Brown (Phil Huggins)", "Milo Addica (Tommy Roulaine)", "Bernard Johnson (Deputy Jones)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Powerful message in a melancholic drama bogged down by un-real contrivances and other issues*** \r\n\r\nA father and son (Billy Bob Thornton and Heath Ledger) are correctional officers in Louisiana who live with their father, a former corrections officer and hateful racist (Peter Boyle). After overseeing the execution of a black man (Sean 'Diddy' Combs) a couple of tragedies compel the father, Hank (Thornton), to meet the struggling ex-wife of the executed man (Halle Berry).\r\n\r\nThe cast, locations, score and directing are all excellent. The problem is the contrived script, which tends to focus on the worst in humanity and sometimes creates a feeling of surreal un-reality. As far as the former goes, the first half features ugly racism, prostitution (and the corresponding overt sex scene), hate, a prison execution, an unforeseen suicide and a sudden hit-and-run. If you can handle all that in the first 55 minutes, you might appreciate this movie.\r\n\r\nSome of these sequences work (the prostitute scene and the execution) and some don\u2019t (the racism, suicide and hit-and-run). The latter ones have a sense of unreality either because of dubious writing or weak execution, or both. Take, for instance, the racist remarks by the old patriarch (Boyle). They come off unbelievable and laughable (or maybe they wanted them to come off laughable?). With better writing/acting/directing they would\u2019ve worked.  Or take the hit-and-run: it\u2019s totally off-camera; and the segue into the aftermath is weak. The viewer is left asking, \u201cWhat just happened? Did I miss something?\u201d As for the suicide, it was just unconvincing in more than one way.\r\n\r\nHalle won an Oscar for her performance, but I found her miscast. She was too white, too intelligent and too young/gorgeous for the role. As for being \u201ctoo white,\u201d her son would\u2019ve had lighter skin. In regards to being \u201ctoo intelligent,\u201d when she has a long talk with Hank on the couch I didn\u2019t buy her character. It came across as an obviously enlightened Berry ACTING uneducated and low class. As for being too young/hot, are we to believe she\u2019s been drinkin\u2019 and smokin\u2019 for ELEVEN YEARS waiting for her former husband to be put to death without any dudes sniffin\u2019 around and no worse for the wear? She should\u2019ve been made up to look older or, at least, more drained. Instead, she looks fresh and thoroughly beautiful from head-to-toe.\r\n\r\nDespite all these considerable negatives, the movie conveys a well thought-out message and contains some worthy intricacies, not to mention it refuses idiotic political correctness. For instance, the prisoner honestly admits what he did was wrong and accepts his fate as just, even while he\u2019s clearly repentant. Moreover, the wife wants nothing to do with him and only visits for the sake of their son.\r\n\r\nA critic wrongly argued that a certain character was a hardcore racist and wouldn\u2019t have such a \u201csudden change of heart.\u201d Well, this critic wasn\u2019t watching closely. At the beginning of the movie this character was well into the process of metamorphosizing from his father\u2019s odious mindset. Yes, he does something hateful with his rifle near the opening, but this was a PERFORMANCE for his dad who was peering through the window with approval. In short, the hateful patriarch still exercised his insufferable iron will over the family even while he was restricted to a wheelchair and stroller. The film\u2019s about freeing oneself of that power and that hate; and much more.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 51 minutes and was shot in Laplace, Louisiana, and Louisiana State Penitentiary, Angola.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Powerful message in a melancholic drama bogged down by un-real contrivances and other issues*** \r\n\r\nA father and son (Billy Bob Thornton and Heath Ledger) are correctional officers in Louisiana who live with their father, a former corrections officer and hateful racist (Peter Boyle). After overseeing the execution of a black man (Sean 'Diddy' Combs) a couple of tragedies compel the father, Hank (Thornton), to meet the struggling ex-wife of the executed man (Halle Berry).\r\n\r\nThe cast, locations, score and directing are all excellent. The problem is the contrived script, which tends to focus on the worst in humanity and sometimes creates a feeling of surreal un-reality. As far as the former goes, the first half features ugly racism, prostitution (and the corresponding overt sex scene), hate, a prison execution, an unforeseen suicide and a sudden hit-and-run. If you can handle all that in the first 55 minutes, you might appreciate this movie.\r\n\r\nSome of these sequences work (the prostitute scene and the execution) and some don\u2019t (the racism, suicide and hit-and-run). The latter ones have a sense of unreality either because of dubious writing or weak execution, or both. Take, for instance, the racist remarks by the old patriarch (Boyle). They come off unbelievable and laughable (or maybe they wanted them to come off laughable?). With better writing/acting/directing they would\u2019ve worked.  Or take the hit-and-run: it\u2019s totally off-camera; and the segue into the aftermath is weak. The viewer is left asking, \u201cWhat just happened? Did I miss something?\u201d As for the suicide, it was just unconvincing in more than one way.\r\n\r\nHalle won an Oscar for her performance, but I found her miscast. She was too white, too intelligent and too young/gorgeous for the role. As for being \u201ctoo white,\u201d her son would\u2019ve had lighter skin. In regards to being \u201ctoo intelligent,\u201d when she has a long talk with Hank on the couch I didn\u2019t buy her character. It came across as an obviously enlightened Berry ACTING uneducated and low class. As for being too young/hot, are we to believe she\u2019s been drinkin\u2019 and smokin\u2019 for ELEVEN YEARS waiting for her former husband to be put to death without any dudes sniffin\u2019 around and no worse for the wear? She should\u2019ve been made up to look older or, at least, more drained. Instead, she looks fresh and thoroughly beautiful from head-to-toe.\r\n\r\nDespite all these considerable negatives, the movie conveys a well thought-out message and contains some worthy intricacies, not to mention it refuses idiotic political correctness. For instance, the prisoner honestly admits what he did was wrong and accepts his fate as just, even while he\u2019s clearly repentant. Moreover, the wife wants nothing to do with him and only visits for the sake of their son.\r\n\r\nA critic wrongly argued that a certain character was a hardcore racist and wouldn\u2019t have such a \u201csudden change of heart.\u201d Well, this critic wasn\u2019t watching closely. At the beginning of the movie this character was well into the process of metamorphosizing from his father\u2019s odious mindset. Yes, he does something hateful with his rifle near the opening, but this was a PERFORMANCE for his dad who was peering through the window with approval. In short, the hateful patriarch still exercised his insufferable iron will over the family even while he was restricted to a wheelchair and stroller. The film\u2019s about freeing oneself of that power and that hate; and much more.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 51 minutes and was shot in Laplace, Louisiana, and Louisiana State Penitentiary, Angola.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [11093, 8012, 1985, 451], "youtube_key": "IaTU6U10p5s"}