{"tmdb_id": 136562, "title": "A Year With Armin van Buuren", "original_title": "A Year With Armin van Buuren", "slug_title": "a-year-with-armin-van-buuren", "date": "2012-10-11", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "An ordinary person, living an extraordinary life. Armin van Buuren, a superstar DJ, lives the life that most of us can only dream of. With a relentless passion for music, the born perfectionist strives to stay on top, dealing with the daily pressure that comes along with it. \u2018A YEAR IN THE LIFE OF ARMIN VAN BUUREN\u2019 gives you a closer look at the person behind the Dutch DJ. Taking one year out of his roaring life, and a special year it is\u2026  \u201cARMIN VAN BUUREN, IN PERSON\u201d", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rTzQ6J1Xle9vra353ckaeGX11o.jpg", "actors": ["Armin van Buuren ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "artur.morandi", "content": "Crowds chanting his name. People taking pictures of him, everywhere. Always on the move, from one club to the next. Days spent in airplanes, all for a few hours of doing what he does best: pleasing the crowd. If it wasn\u2019t for the love of music, Armin van Buuren wouldn\u2019t be where he is today. Four-time winner of the #1 spot in the DJ Mag Top 100 and  knighted by the Queen of his home country The Netherlands. The mastermind behind one of the longest running radio shows in dance music history and owner of the A State of Trance label. But also husband to Erika, the love of his life and father to his first-born, his daughter Fenna. A loyal friend to those who can handle his lack of spare time and a loving member of a warm family.\r\n\r\nThis documentary will take you all the way from his home, to the airports, to the private jets, heading for the party. It will show you the loneliness of an empty hotel room and bring you to the heat of the moment, as 100,000 clubbers await their hero. It reveals the perfectionist and the relentless drive inside him, as well as the music addict. From the preparation of his \u2018Mirage\u2019 world tour and the phone call that\u2019ll tell him if he\u2019ll keep his #1 position in the DJ Mag Top 100, to a tour around the house he grew up in and the radio announcement that he\u2019s going to be a father. \u2018A YEAR IN THE LIFE OF ARMIN VAN BUUREN\u2019 is not another \u2018behind the scenes\u2019 documentary. It\u2019s Armin van Buuren, in person."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "F44NgHPoxME"}