{"tmdb_id": 136742, "title": "Gulf Stream Under the Iceberg", "original_title": "Golfstrim pod Aysbergom", "slug_title": "gulf-stream-under-the-iceberg", "date": "2012-06-26", "genre": ["Drame / Fantastique / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "Adam\u2019s first wife Lilith is mentioned in the ancient Oriental legends, in Talmud and in the medieval books of Cabala. According to these sources, she was not created from Adam's rib like Eve but from clay like he himself. Nevertheless Lilith was not recognised by Adam as his equal and left him after a quarrel heading for Babylon. She has no soul, and she is immortal. Lilith assumes different names, can change her appearance, and takes possession of men against their will. Once it's accomplished, she leaves her victims forever, marking them for either spiritual, or physical death. Whatever she does it is neither Good nor Evil. She is made of an altogether different matter. Inspired by the works of French writer Anatole France, Yevgeny Pashkevich\u2018s GULF STREAM UNDER THE ICEBERG consists of three dramatically interwoven stories with the immortal Lilith stalking through time and space with her demonic mission.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/86A0wSfGhTRwfqSrcaROD3t6QtO.jpg", "actors": ["Aleksey Serebryakov ()", "Kseniya Rappoport ()", "Danila Kozlovsky ()", "Ville Haapasalo ()", "Yuriy Tsurilo ()", "Ekaterina Vilkova ()", "Anna Azarova ()", "Elena Morozova ()", "Tatyana Lyutaeva ()", "Liubomiras Laucevicius ()", "Lembit Ulfsak ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "MO-Ptao-MK8"}