{"tmdb_id": 136799, "title": "Les Trolls", "original_title": "Trolls", "slug_title": "les-trolls", "date": "2016-10-13", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Musique / Animation"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Connus pour leurs cheveux fluos et magiques, les Trolls sont des cr\u00e9atures d\u00e9lirantes et joyeuses et surtout les rois de la pop. Mais leur monde d'arcs-en-ciel et de cupcakes est chang\u00e9 \u00e0 jamais lorsque leur leader Poppy doit se lancer dans une mission de sauvetage qui l'entra\u00eenera loin de ce paradis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zKu5MNy9QW1a5ZHgv7iAp3kRZpE.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Kendrick (Poppy (voice))", "Justin Timberlake (Branch (voice))", "Zooey Deschanel (Bridget (voice))", "Russell Brand (Creek (voice))", "James Corden (Biggie (voice))", "Gwen Stefani (DJ Suki (voice))", "Iris Dohrn (Baby Poppy)", "Liam Henry (Young Branch)", "Aino Jawo (Satin)", "Caroline Hjelt (Chenille)", "Ron Funches (Cooper (voice))", "Kunal Nayyar (Guy Diamond (voice))", "Glozell Green (Grandma Rosiepuff)", "Meg DeAngelis (Moxie (voice))", "Ricky Dillon (Aspen Heitz)", "Kandee Johnson (Mandy Sparkledust (voice))", "Christine Baranski (Chef (voice))", "John Cleese (Roi Gristle (voice))", "Christopher Mintz-Plasse (Prince Gristle (voice))", "Walt Dohrn (Cloud Guy/Smidge/Fuzzbert/Mr. Dinkles/Tunnel Troll/Wedgie Bergen (voice))", "Jeffrey Tambor (King Peppy (voice))", "Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis (Harper (voice))", "Rhys Darby (Bibbly (voice))", "Grace Helbig (Sugar Cookieloaf (voice))", "Curtis Stone (Bergen Guard - Todd (voice))", "Mike Mitchell (Darius / Vinny the Phone / Capt. Starfunkle / Spider / Wedgie Bergen #1 / Chad / Card (voice))", "Nina Zoe Bakshi (Bini Troll / Nora Troll (voice))", "Zo\u00eb Crawford (McKenzie Troll (voice))", "Riley Crawford (Sean Troll (voice))", "Ollie Mitchell (Olley Troll (voice))", "Emmett Mitchell (Anxious Troll Child / Keith (voice))", "Phoebe Dohrn (Bergen Girl (voice))", "Louane Emera (Poppy (French voice))", "Gregg Berger (Additional Dialogue Recording (voice))", "Debi Derryberry (Additional Dialogue Replacement (voice))", "Greg Berg (ADR Group (voice))", "Bob Bergen (ADR Group (voice))", "Gregg Berger (ADR Group (voice))", "David Boat (ADR Group (voice))", "Cam Clarke (ADR Group (voice))", "David Cowgill (ADR Group (voice))", "Chris Cox (ADR Group (voice))", "Debi Derryberry (ADR Group (voice))", "Terri Douglas (ADR Group (voice))", "Eddie Frierson (ADR Group (voice))", "Jean Gilpin (ADR Group (voice))", "Jackie Gonneau (ADR Group (voice))", "Barbara Goodson (ADR Group (voice))", "Mona Marshall (ADR Group (voice))", "Scott Menville (ADR Group (voice))", "Laraine Newman (ADR Group (voice))", "Fred Tatasciore (ADR Group (voice))", "James Arnold Taylor (ADR Group (voice))", "Matthew Wood (ADR Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The message was about teaching the truth behind falsified believes.**\r\n\r\nThis is a good film than how it was labelled. At least I enjoyed it, despite being an adult, particularly a male and a bachelor. It looks more a little kids' film than for anyone else. Because the film was based on the famous dolls. Usually film comes first and then follows its dolls to the markets. But this film has a reverse concept and a very much acceptable. Yes, it was not great as Disney's or Pixar's animations, but the DreamWorks animation is always there behind these two, considered the third best and according to that limit, you should expect the film.\r\n\r\nIt's a musical like most of the animations are and one of the tracks made into the 2017 Oscars for best film songs list, but the film did not make into best the animated feature. Directed by the director of one of the sequels of 'Shrek' series. Technically, it sounds awesome with cute character models, colours, songs, music and particularly the voice-overs. The story wise, it's not bad, except the concept of eating trolls makes the real young kids go fright.\r\n\r\nGood for families and even better if you choose to watch it in digital 3D format. The runtime was good with a fine pace. In the line of smurfs, gnomes, fairies, and now these trolls to add in the list for children to watch growing up. Don't bother watching it if you are an adult and only like and enjoy adult films, other than seeing it neutral, as well as opinioning. Purely an entertaining film and I strongly suggest it for the little ones.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [332210, 335797, 153518, 228161], "youtube_key": "xyjm5VQ11TQ"}