{"tmdb_id": 136795, "title": "Les flingueuses", "original_title": "The Heat", "slug_title": "les-flingueuses", "date": "2013-06-27", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "D'un c\u00f4t\u00e9 il y a l\u2019agent sp\u00e9cial du FBI, Sarah Ashburn, une enqu\u00eatrice rigoureuse et m\u00e9thodique dont la r\u00e9putation la pr\u00e9c\u00e8de tant pour son excellence que son arrogance d\u00e9mesur\u00e9e. De l'autre l\u2019agent de police de Boston, Shannon Mullins, reconnue pour son fort temp\u00e9rament et son vocabulaire fleuri. L\u2019une comme l\u2019autre, n\u2019a jamais eu de partenaire\u2026 ni vraiment d\u2019ami.  Ainsi, lorsque ces deux repr\u00e9sentantes de la loi radicalement oppos\u00e9es sont oblig\u00e9es de faire \u00e9quipe pour arr\u00eater un baron de la drogue sans piti\u00e9, elles se retrouvent \u00e0 devoir lutter non seulement contre un puissant syndicat du crime, mais aussi et surtout contre l\u2019envie de s\u2019entretuer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tM3hDt8JcU8Y8i6vzTcbnocM2bx.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Bullock (Sarah Ashburn)", "Melissa McCarthy (Shannon Mullins)", "Demi\u00e1n Bichir (Hale)", "Marlon Wayans (Levy)", "Michael Rapaport (Jason Mullins)", "Jane Curtin (Mrs. Mullins)", "Spoken Reasons (Rojas)", "Dan Bakkedahl (Craig)", "Taran Killam (Adam)", "Michael McDonald (Julian)", "Thomas F. Wilson (Captain Woods)", "Tony Hale (The John)", "Kaitlin Olson (Tatiana)", "Andy Buckley (Robin)", "Joey McIntyre (Peter Mullins)", "Michael Tucci (Mr. Mullins)", "Bill Burr (Mark Mullins)", "Nate Corddry (Michael Mullins)", "Jessica Chaffin (Gina)", "Jamie Denbo (Beth)", "Ben Falcone (Blue Collar Man)", "Steve Bannos (Wayne)", "Zach Woods (Paramedic)", "Katie Dippold (ER Nurse)", "William Ambrose Kennedy (Desk Sergeant)", "John Franchi (Bar Patron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "markuspm", "content": "Absolutely fascinating interpretation of the good cop bad cop theme."}, {"pseudo": "ypnos", "content": "I honestly can't think of a better movie to replace a mind massage on a hard working Monday's night."}, {"pseudo": "Mistah Darcy", "content": "**Plot: 5/20**\r\nProbably the movie's biggest downfall. The plot is your generic story of two people who don't get along with each other and end up becoming best friends before the movie ends. On top of that, the whole point of the the story is for the characters to catch the \"typical bad guy\" leader of a drug ring. It's really just the garbage rehashed Hollywood cop story told over again, but with tons of hilarious scenes added in throughout. I don't really have any detail to go into with here because there's not much to analyze.\r\n\r\n**Rewatchability: 5/15**\r\nDon't get me wrong, even though the plot is terrible the movie is ridiculously funny. It gives comedies from 2013 a run for their money. As with all movie ratings I give, I watch a movie twice if it has a commentary track. This movie ended up having four or five separate commentaries, but I only watched the one with the director's commentary. I really don't think I can sit through it any longer than I have, because it is a two hour long movie after all. I wouldn't ever watch it again unless it popped up on TV and I was really bored, but I can give this movie a good ol' watch-this recommendation for the comedic aspect alone.\r\n\r\n**Acting: 15/20**\r\nInterestingly enough the acting is superb. With huge celebrity A-list names it's not too surprising. Sandra Bullock absolutely kills every scene she's in. A lot of her shots in the film are improvised. My favorite one being the hospital scene towards the end where she's crawling on the ground and ends up shooting the bad guy twice in the nuts. As much as I can't stand Melissa McCarthy in general, her acting was great as well. She came off as an arrogant, foul mouthed, dirty and annoying police officer better than probably anyone else could have managed to pull off. A YouTube star named Spoken Reasons also makes his acting debut in this film as a perpetrator and is actually quite impressive.\r\n\r\n**Audio Production: 10/20**\r\nI thought that the soundtrack was just your typical Hollywood film soundtrack with nothing but popular music. Most of the songs featured female rap from artists like Angel Haze and Azealia Banks, but there were also some classic pop/rock songs from Ted Nugent, Air Supply, and Boston. What I really got a kick out of was hearing the rapper Kreayshawn's song Left Eye play randomly (or so it seemed). I wasn't really feeling the soundtrack, but the overall sound effects and audio production were done quite well. Nothing spectacular, but good.\r\n\r\n**Visual Production: 15/20**\r\nThe film crew made very good use of different sets throughout the city of Boston. This film has everything from a giant paint warehouse, to a local town pub, to car chases. The amount of stunts performed in the movie is entertaining. Towards the beginning of the movie Melissa McCarthy parks in between two cars, but there's not enough room to open her door. She ends up climbing out the window into another car, and then struggling to make her way out of that car as well. Just the small things that add some good humor to the movie like this really make a difference. There's also some really good special effects in the movie and a scene where they blow up a car."}], "recommandations_id": [109431, 226486, 49524, 1493], "youtube_key": "PF5FjuSYU_0"}