{"tmdb_id": 136835, "title": "Double trahison", "original_title": "No Good Deed", "slug_title": "double-trahison", "date": "2014-09-10", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une ex-agent des stup\u00e9fiants, d\u00e9sormais m\u00e8re au foyer, a la mauvaise id\u00e9e de faire entrer chez elle un inconnu qui vient d\u2019avoir un accident de voiture devant sa maison. Elle et ses deux jeunes enfants sont rapidement terroris\u00e9s par l\u2019homme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x42BcGsV7gbINP3EIBdykdOZDDY.jpg", "actors": ["Idris Elba (Colin Evans)", "Taraji P. Henson (Terri)", "Leslie Bibb (Meg)", "Kate del Castillo (Alexis)", "Henry Simmons (Jeffrey)", "Mirage Moonschein (Ryan)", "Kenny Alfonso (Javier)", "Dan Caudill (Cop)", "Tatom Pender (Sally)", "Kelly O'Neal (Officer Jacobs)", "Mark Smith (EMT)", "Bobbie Elzey (Landlord)", "Leon Lamar (McKinley)", "Frank Brennan (Chairman)", "Wilbur Fitzgerald (Dr. Ross)", "Dolan Wilson (Reid)", "Brianna Slate (Nanny)", "Stacey Turner (Reporter)", "Bryce Durfee (Steve)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Generic Guff.\r\n\r\nNo Good Deed is actually not a bad film as such, it sticks rigidly to a formula and has all the requisite requirements - however ridiculous - for a home invasion thriller, and does it competently. The problem is that it has absolutely nothing new to appeal to anyone who has been watching movies through the 80s and 90s.\r\n\r\nThe 1990s was particularly a thriving hot-bed for such thriller fare, where some unhinged nut-case - male or female - would impose themselves upon some amiable good person's life, and then unleash mentally distorted hell upon them. Sam Miller's film is just a lazy retread of what has gone long before. Only he and his backers think that shifting the focus to black characters somehow makes it more vibrant. It doesn't.\r\n\r\nIdris Alba is a fine actor (in great physical shape as usual), and Taraji P. Henson is a more than effective actress, but the turgid screenplay on offer here does them no favours, where even an intended \"big reveal\" is hamstrung by the familiarity of it all. If one is fortunate to be of a youthful enough age and lucky enough to be viewing this thriller format for the first time? Then this works, it absolutely does. The more mature film lovers, however, will be jaded to the point of sleep status. And no, that's not meant to be patronising. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [262338, 283384, 84178, 240916], "youtube_key": "G5VeowxERwM"}