{"tmdb_id": 13703, "title": "Neige sur Beverly Hills", "original_title": "Less than Zero", "slug_title": "neige-sur-beverly-hills", "date": "1987-11-06", "genre": ["Drame / Crime / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A college freshman returns to Los Angeles for the holidays at his ex-girlfriend's request, but discovers that his former best friend has an out-of-control drug habit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lhLLXxyjmRTQy2auxzCo6wqYNqM.jpg", "actors": ["Andrew McCarthy (Clay Easton)", "Jami Gertz (Blair)", "Robert Downey Jr. (Julian Wells)", "James Spader (Rip)", "Brad Pitt (Partygoer / Preppie Kid at Fight (uncredited))", "Tony Bill (Bradford Easton)", "Nicholas Pryor (Benjamin Wells)", "Michael Bowen (Hop)", "Sarah Buxton (Markie)", "Donna Mitchell (Elaine Easton)", "Lisanne Falk (Patti)", "Jackie Swanson (Party Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1987 and directed by Marek Kanievska, \"Less than Zero\" is a drama about a trio of rich 18 year-olds from Los Angeles. After graduation, one goes off to college (Andrew McCarthy), but returns for Christmas break wherein he finds his ex-girlfriend (Jami Gertz) and, especially, his buddy (Robert Downey Jr.) struggling with drug addiction in the Beverly Hills fast lane. James Spader plays a smug high society dealer. \r\n \r\nThis is the furthest thing from typical 80\u2019s youth flicks, like \u201cFast Times at Ridgemont High,\u201d \u201cThe Karate Kid,\u201d \u201cValley Girl,\u201d \u201cFootloose\u201d and \u201cCan\u2019t Buy Me Love\u201d (where there\u2019s, admittedly, a lot of range). \u201cLess than Zero\u201d has the epic, artsy style of Francis Ford Coppola films like \u201cThe Outsiders\u201d and \u201cRumble Fish\u201d (both from 1983) meshed with the chic melancholy of \u201cPoison Ivy\u201d (1992). \r\n\r\nMy main issue is that it takes too long to get absorbed into the characters and their story. The filmmaking is gorgeous, however, which is ironic because this is a really downbeat movie. Gertz is fine, but she never did anything for me, while McCarthy is serviceable as the main protagonist, yet rather bland in a goody-goody way. Both Downey Jr. and Spader, however, de-shine in their roles (in a good way). If you favor arty, glum movies you might like this better than me, but it\u2019s nowhere near as effective as \u201cPoison Ivy,\u201d a similar artsy, gloomy flick.         \r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour 38 minutes and was shot in the Los Angeles area, including Malibu. WRITERS: Bret Easton Ellis (novel) and Harley Peyton (screenplay) \r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [18169, 25562, 11068, 21309], "youtube_key": "y3_iP1-shW8"}