{"tmdb_id": 137116, "title": "Les Schtroumpfs et le Village perdu", "original_title": "Smurfs: The Lost Village", "slug_title": "les-schtroumpfs-et-le-village-perdu", "date": "2017-03-23", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "La Schtroumpfette, le Schtroumpf costaud, le Schtroumpf \u00e0 lunettes et le Schtroumpf maladroit ont fil\u00e9 en douce pour suivre une carte vers un myst\u00e9rieux village. Mais le chemin qui y m\u00e8ne regorge d'embuches, de cr\u00e9atures magiques et de souterrains labyrinthiques. Il leur faudra par ailleurs redoubler de prudence puisque Gargamel n'est pas loin et compte bien les arr\u00eater.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/diYAZ6CKUuRAqLYMB2AyVutEFm0.jpg", "actors": ["Demi Lovato (Smurfette (voice))", "Rainn Wilson (Gargamel (voice))", "Joe Manganiello (Hefty (voice))", "Jack McBrayer (Clumsy (voice))", "Danny Pudi (Brainy (voice))", "Mandy Patinkin (Papa Smurf (voice))", "Dee Bradley Baker (Monty (voice))", "Frank Welker (Azrael (voice))", "Michelle Rodriguez (Smurfstorm (voice))", "Ellie Kemper (Smurfblossom (voice))", "Julia Roberts (Smurfwillow (voice))", "Ariel Winter (Smurflily (voice))", "Meghan Trainor (SmurfMelody (voice))", "Jake Johnson (Grouchy (voice))", "Gabriel Iglesias (Jokey (voice))", "Tituss Burgess (Vanity (voice))", "Jeff Dunham (Farmer (voice))", "Gordon Ramsay (Baker (voice))", "Alejandro Cuello (Gargamel (voice))", "Josh Keaton (Additional Voices (voice))", "Tara Strong (Additional Voices (voice))", "Debi Derryberry (Additional Voices (voice))", "Eric Bauza (Additional Voices (voice))", "Ashley Bell (Additional Voices (voice))", "Bob Bergen (Additional Voices (voice))", "Terri Douglas (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jeff Fischer (Additional Voices (voice))", "Marcella Lentz-Pope (Additional Voices (voice))", "Yuri Lowenthal (Additional Voices (voice))", "Scott Menville (Additional Voices (voice))", "Max Mittelman (Additional Voices (voice))", "Kari Wahlgren (Additional Voices (voice))", "Matthew Wood (Additional Voices (voice))", "Shelby Young (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An adventure to unleash the secret.**\r\n\r\nAfter an average reception for the first two films, I did not expect one more in the series. They should have been dropped it, yet the film was not that bad. It was simple and cute, somewhat better than the previous ones. Basically, there's no story, everything was an adventure and the story came out of it. The adventure of four Smurfs to outdo their arch-rival, Gargamel. They were racing to find the secret village, but with different agendas. They had to face many hurdles before getting close to their destination. After that what came was a surprise. Not for us, but the Smurfs, and following, the story ended with the result of the battle that fought.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarrom' with prominent actors behind the voice-over. Not one of the most expected animation of the year, but some people were, like the kids. The children won't go alone to the theatres, it always has to be with parents/elders/guardians. That is a complicated combination, and the filmmakers has to work on that. Which means making a film that can be enjoyed by them both. So this film is more a children's, but surely some grown ups too can enjoy it. Otherwise, it is a decent film, that's not deserved the poor box office respond it's got. That means, show it to your kids, even if you are not interested in it. That's how it should be!\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [77931, 378236, 136799, 41513], "youtube_key": "9NO8wk4n1Cs"}