{"tmdb_id": 1371, "title": "Rocky III", "original_title": "Rocky III", "slug_title": "rocky-iii", "date": "1982-05-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Rocky Balboa est aujourd'hui un champion respect\u00e9 apr\u00e8s sa victoire contre Apollo Creed. Mais lorsqu'il perd contre un nouveau venu sur le circuit, c'est Apollo Creed lui-m\u00eame qui va venir \u00e0 sa rescousse et lui redonner le go\u00fbt du combat et de la victoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ns55NGqTDEEjcI9z2a9htA2cFtG.jpg", "actors": ["Sylvester Stallone (Rocky Balboa)", "Talia Shire (Adrianna \"Adrian\" Pennino Balboa)", "Burt Young (Paulie)", "Carl Weathers (Apollo Creed)", "Burgess Meredith (Mickey Goldmill)", "Tony Burton (Duke)", "Mr. T (Clubber Lang)", "Hulk Hogan (Thunderlips)", "Ian Fried (Rocky Junior)", "Al Silvani (Al)", "Wally Taylor (Clubber Lang's manager)", "Jim Hill (Sportscaster)", "Don Sherman (Andy)", "Dennis James (Wrestling commentator 1)", "Jim Healy (Wrestling commentator 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I don't know what you want me to say. I mean, what happened? How did everything that was so good get so bad?\r\n\r\n*** This review contains spoilers ***\r\n\r\nRocky is reigning World Champion and is dispatching all comers to his crown with ease. But looming in the distance is Clubber Lang, a young and hungry boxer intent on becoming the new champ.\r\n\r\nPretty safe enjoyment for anyone into the fantastical world of Sly Stallone's Rocky Balboa franchise. Into the narrative this time comes a new boxer, portrayed with relish by Mr. T, a revelation that cuts Rocky to the quick, and personal grief when his mentor and friend Mickey (Burgess Meredith) dies (Stallone doing brilliant believable grief). Back comes Carl Weathers as Apollo Creed, only this time he wants to train Rocky to beat the mighty Clubber Lang. Rocky's heart isn't in it though! Can he get that Eye of the Tiger back? Well of course he can and thus we get the obligatory training montages and a ferocious fight to crown the story.\r\n\r\nIt's comfortable film making with comfortable acting performances and it's often very exciting as well. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1367, 1374, 1375, 1246], "youtube_key": "gbRDCWKqvEc"}