{"tmdb_id": 137662, "title": "Time Travelers", "original_title": "Time Travelers", "slug_title": "time-travelers", "date": "1976-03-19", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "In 1976, there's an outbreak of a disease that no one has seen before. All what they know is that resembles a disease that existed at around 1871, and that a Dr. Henderson was able to save most of his patients but the Chicago Fire destroyed his records. Dr. Earnshaw the doctor looking for a cure was approached by a man, Jeffrey Adams, who believes that he could help him. It seems that a Dr. Amos Cummings has prefected the art of time travel, and the plan is for Earnshaw and Adams to go back to 1871 and learn how Henderson cured his patients. But a glitch in the machines computers sends them the day before the fire not four days as intended.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vffNbdKbiZA2n42ogGftywt8Qz9.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Groom (Dr. Clint Earnshaw)", "Tom Hallick (Jeff Adams)", "Francine York (Dr. Helen Sanders)", "Booth Colman (Dr. Amos Cummings)", "Richard Basehart (Dr. Joshua Henderson (1871))", "Trish Stewart (Jane Henderson (1871))", "Walter Brooke (Dr. Stafford)", "Patrick Culliton (Jim Younger (1871))", "Jon Cedar (Pegleg (1871))", "Gil Lamb (Hansom Cabby (1871))", "Ed Ness (Joe - Hospital Attendant (1871))", "Kathleen Bracken (Katherine - Irish girl (1871))", "Richard Webb (Police Sergeant)", "Victoria Paige Meyerink (Betty)", "Fred Borden (Band Master)", "Baynes Barron (Fire Chief Williams (1871))", "Albert Cole (News Vendor (1871))", "Rita Lupino (Prostitute (1871))", "Dort Clark (Sharkey (1871))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "gi1lICSstAc"}