{"tmdb_id": 137756, "title": "I Spill Your Guts", "original_title": "I Spill Your Guts", "slug_title": "i-spill-your-guts", "date": "2012-04-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "1.2/10", "synopsis": "Two friends Dennis and Joe join the military together. While on a routine mission, the two are quickly surrounded by enemy fire. When Joe stands up in the line of fire to run, Dennis pushes him out of the way and takes a bullet in the throat. Dennis wakes up in hospital to find Joe rewarded as a hero. Joe told a lie and took all the glory, and Dennis was left as a mute from the accident. Dennis can't talk, but actions speak louder then words. The two return home to N.Y. and now the war rages in the streets. Dennis wants revenge on Joe, so he will kill everyone close to him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7T3i91pS23uHLkTL5Gcb5RQpmjV.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Walsh (Joe Bava)", "Carmine Capobianco (Detective)", "James Balsamo (Dennis)", "Lloyd Kaufman (Pop)", "Andrew W.K. (Crazy Hobo)", "Lynn Lowry (Weather Reporter)", "Tim Ritter (Tim)", "Caleb Emerson (Dr. Harold Zajicek)", "Donald Farmer (Chet Donaldson)", "Joe Fleishaker (Dave the Landlord)", "Dave Brockie (Oderus Ungerus)", "Jonathan Rechner (Balls Mahoney)", "Frank Mullen (The Manhattan Mutilator)", "Rick Jimenez (Dr. Leone)", "Dan E. Danger (Dan)", "Robert Arensen (Dr. Shiller)", "Tim Dax (The Eraser)", "Sparky Drakonis (Sparky Drakonis)", "Danny Karron (Bum)", "John Link (John)", "Edward X. Young (Ed)", "Bella Luciano (Sarah Watson)", "Joel M. Reed (The Veteran)", "Genoveva Rossi (Shelly Watson)", "Debbie Rochon (Elizabeth Gacy)", "Doug Sakmann (Major General R. Lee Hartman)", "Howard Stern (Howard Stern)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [27226, 28744, 25145, 40770], "youtube_key": "notfound"}