{"tmdb_id": 13805, "title": "Disaster Movie", "original_title": "Disaster Movie", "slug_title": "disaster-movie", "date": "2008-08-29", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.1/10", "synopsis": "Au cours d'une soir\u00e9e, un groupe d'adolescents se trouve assailli par plusieurs catastrophes naturelles et \u00e9v\u00e8nements surprenants...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6xBrOsf8RtHem3diXDGFsiKltYz.jpg", "actors": ["Matt Lanter (Will)", "Vanessa Lachey (Amy)", "Crista Flanagan (Juney / Hannah Montana)", "Gary 'G. Thang' Johnson (Calvin)", "Ike Barinholtz (Wolf / Javier Bardem Look-A-Like / Police Officer / Hellboy / Batman / Beowulf / Prince Caspian)", "Carmen Electra (Beautiful Assassin)", "Tony Cox (Indiana Jones)", "Tad Hilgenbrink (Prince)", "Nick Steele (Underwear Model)", "John Di Domenico (Dr. Phil Look-A-Like / Love Guru)", "Valerie Wildman (Samantha)", "Jason Boegh (Male Carrie)", "Kim Kardashian (Lisa)", "Jacob Tolano (Bruce Banner)", "Nicole Parker (Enchanted Princess / Amy Winehouse Look-A-Like / Jessica Simpson Look-A-Like)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Easily the worst film I have ever seen that wasn't helmed by a female director. I am usually very picky when it comes to selecting movies to watch, hence my usually high satisfaction as a cinephile. I can't believe I wasted my time on this vile piece of garbage and that this ever saw a cinematic release when there MUST be thousands...NO, millions, of better things that could have been made instead. The Lumiere brothers must be rolling in their graves at how cinema has been travestied.\r\n\r\nMy only regret other than my time wasted and the scar on my brain from having watched it is the fact that unlike Metacritic, on Letterboxd I can't give it a zero rating. Or a negative, for that matter! =)"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Easily the worst film I have ever seen that wasn't helmed by a female director. I am usually very picky when it comes to selecting movies to watch, hence my usually high satisfaction as a cinephile. I can't believe I wasted my time on this vile piece of garbage and that this ever saw a cinematic release when there MUST be thousands...NO, millions, of better things that could have been made instead. The Lumiere brothers must be rolling in their graves at how cinema has been travestied.\r\n\r\nMy only regret other than my time wasted and the scar on my brain from having watched it is the fact that unlike Metacritic, on themoviedb.org I can't give it a zero rating. Or a negative, for that matter! =)"}], "recommandations_id": [9760, 11918, 10073, 7278], "youtube_key": "tihG_2BSUqg"}