{"tmdb_id": 13809, "title": "RockNRolla", "original_title": "RockNRolla", "slug_title": "rocknrolla", "date": "2008-09-04", "genre": "Action / Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Ca\u00efd londonien, Lenny travaille \u00e0 l'ancienne. Ce qui ne l'emp\u00eache pas de savoir \u00e0 qui graisser la patte et de pouvoir faire pression sur n'importe quel ministre, promoteur immobilier ou malfrat en vue. D'un simple coup de fil, Lenny est capable de soulever des montagnes. Mais comme le lui dit Archy, son fid\u00e8le lieutenant, Londres est en train de changer : les mafieux des pays de l'Est, comme les petits voyous, cherchent tous \u00e0 bouleverser les r\u00e8gles du milieu. D\u00e9sormais, c'est toute la p\u00e8gre londonienne, des gros bonnets aux petits poissons, qui tentent de se remplir les poches en se disputant le coup du si\u00e8cle. Mais c'est Johnny Quid, rock star toxico qu'on croyait mort, qui a les cartes bien en main...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vojjyXPQq5ZfdA5pKNjggeM2nU3.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (One-Two)", "Tom Wilkinson (Lenny Cole)", "Thandie Newton (Stella)", "Mark Strong (Archy)", "Idris Elba (Mumbles)", "Tom Hardy (Handsome Bob)", "Toby Kebbell (Johnny Quid)", "Jeremy Piven (Roman)", "Ludacris (Mickey)", "Karel Roden (Uri Omovich)", "Matt King (Cookie)", "Gemma Arterton (June)", "Jimi Mistry (Councillor)", "Jamie Campbell Bower (Rocker)", "Nonso Anozie (Tank)", "Charlotte Armer (Nurse)", "Geoff Bell (Fred the Head)", "Kelly George (Danny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Ritchie repeats again the same template and this is not one of his best shots."}, {"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "Someone is trying to make easy money, but gets screwed. However, there is always a bigger fish in the pond looking to eat the smaller fish. In this movie, lowly criminals meets councillors, junkies, dead musicians, dirty accountants, nasty crime bosses and filthy rich russians. Sounds like another movie by Guy Ritchie, more or less, and it does indeed follow the same rhythm (and theme) as Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.\r\n\r\nThe movie opens with the narrator, Archy, who breaks down the plot for us in tiny, easy-to-digest bits, and thats definitely my least favorite bit in the movie, but sadly, needed. This plot is a twisted labyrinth, that constantly shifts from one person to the next. There are no real heroes here, just fish eaten by sharks, hunted by humans, killed by... you get the point.\r\n\r\nRocknRolla has a huge cast, and some big names too. In smaller roles, you'll see names such as Tom Hardy (Handsome Bob), Jeremy Piven (Roman), Thandie Newton (Stella) and Idris Elba (Mumbles), and in the bigger, you find names like Gerard Butler (One Two), Mark Strong (Archy) and Tom Wilkinson (Lenny Cole). Most of them delivers quirky and fun characters, and some of them even gives us a bit to think about, like Tom Hardy's role, Handsome Bob, who is coming to terms with being gay.\r\n\r\nThe movie is fast-paced to begin with, but slows down a bit later on. It has the obligatory violent Guy Ritchie scenes that reminds us of the early movies of Quentin Tarantino, but in the end, it is all a bit hollow. This is a movie about greed, about screwing over those with money, or even, those without.\r\n\r\n_Last words... looking for a bit of solid entertainment, a good plot (not too easy to get your head around, but not too hard to loose you either) and some nice solid actors (and actresses), this is definitely the movie you are looking for._"}], "recommandations_id": [100, 10851, 7516, 4836]}