{"tmdb_id": 13811, "title": "Pr\u00e9dictions", "original_title": "Knowing", "slug_title": "predictions", "date": "2009-03-19", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Pour f\u00eater l'anniversaire d'une \u00e9cole, une c\u00e9r\u00e9monie est organis\u00e9e au cours de laquelle une capsule temporelle contenant des messages \u00e9crits par des enfants 50 ans auparavant est d\u00e9terr\u00e9e et ouverte. Chaque enfant emporte chez lui un message, mais celui du petit Caleb est illisible, car il s'agit d'une suite incoh\u00e9rente de chiffres.D'abord amus\u00e9, son p\u00e8re, statisticien, essaye de trouver une signification. Horrifi\u00e9, il d\u00e9couvre peu \u00e0 peu que chaque s\u00e9quence de chiffres correspond \u00e0 la date exacte d'une catastrophe r\u00e9cente. Lorsqu'il comprend que les 3 derni\u00e8res s\u00e9quences proph\u00e9tisent des cataclysmes \u00e0 venir, une course contre la montre commence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uvd0fOK5dZsZDMICflMxotedsmC.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (John Koestler)", "Rose Byrne (Diana Wayland)", "Chandler Canterbury (Caleb Koestler)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Phil Bergman)", "Nadia Townsend (Grace Koestler)", "D.G. Maloney (The Stranger)", "Lara Robinson (Lucinda Embry / Abby Wayland)", "Alan Hopgood (Rev. Koestler)", "Adrienne Pickering (Allison)", "Joshua Long (Younger Caleb)", "Alethea McGrath (Miss Taylor (2009))", "Danielle Carter (Miss Taylor (1959))", "Tamara Donnellan (Lucinda's Mother)", "Travis Waite (Lucinda's Father)", "Liam Hemsworth (Spencer)", "Alyssa McClelland (Flight Attendant)", "Harli Ames (Man in Duffle Coat)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Pythagorus As Nostradamus.\r\n\r\nKnowing is directed by Alex Proyas and collectively written by Ryne Douglas Pearson, Juliet Snowden and Stiles White. It stars Nicolas Cage, Rose Byrne, Chandler Canterbury, Lara Robinson, Ben Mendelsohn and Nadia Townsend. Music is by Marco Beltrami and cinematography by Simon Duggan. \r\n\r\n1959, and young schoolgirl Lucinda Embry (Robinson) keeps hearing voices. When asked to submit a drawing for the school time capsule\u0096 that's to be opened in 50 years time,\u0096 she writes a series of random numbers that don't appear to make sense. Forward to 50 years and the grand opening of the capsule, where Professor Jonathan Koestler (Cage) and his young son come by way of Lucinda's numbers. Just what do they mean? If anything?... \r\n\r\nAh yes, the good old disaster movie, a genre of film that continues unabated through the decades, this in spite of critical indifference. But the paying public still keep turning up in droves, even in this new technological age. Where once was models being destroyed, and paintings forming elegant backdrops, now is whizz bangery that costs a fortune. Still great fun, though, which is why something like Knowing exists and has many fans. \r\n\r\nIt's a splendid piece of sci-fi hokum pulsing with supernatural overtones, a gentle creeper unravelling the mystery in layers until the final countdown begins. The science is obviously dubious (it's a movie folks) and the air of pessimism that hovers consistently over proceedings (not only is the world in trouble, but all the protags have miserable issues as well), may be too much for some. However, Cage is as committed as ever, Proyas yet again proves himself a beautiful visualist, while the scenes of carnage are truly harrowing and unforgettable. \r\n\r\nA popcorner with moments of wonder and awe, and yes of course, some cheese as well. Ignore the Cage haters, if you like sci-fi infused disaster movies and haven't had fun with this one yet, then do so, it's a blast. And did I say it's gorgeous to look at as well? It is!\u0085 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1738, 6637, 2059, 10200]}