{"tmdb_id": 138222, "title": "Best Man Down", "original_title": "Best Man Down", "slug_title": "best-man-down", "date": "2012-10-20", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9c\u00e8s de leur t\u00e9moin, le jour de leur mariage, les mari\u00e9s sont contraints d'annuler leur voyage de noces et retournent chez eux pour organiser l'enterrement. Mais tout ne va pas se passer comme pr\u00e9vu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2akSCt635Bp4tX94DYybRpnTkzk.jpg", "actors": ["Justin Long (Scott)", "Jess Weixler (Kristin)", "Tyler Labine (Lumpy)", "Addison Timlin (Ramsey)", "Shelley Long (Gail)", "Frances O'Connor (Jaime)", "Evan Jones (Winston)", "Michael Landes (Priest)", "Peter Syvertsen (Roger)", "Jan Hammill (Aunt Helen)", "Sasha Andreev  (Rick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> How one sad event that changed many peoples' lives.\r\n\r\nOriginally it was known as 'Lumpy', but this new title seems much better. Even though this title name is somewhat misleading regarding the film subject. I saw it a couple of years delayed, because I was not interested after knowing the title thinking it might be some kind of a silly B comedy. Surprisingly, this was one of the best films of the 2013 I've seen. This is not a comedy alone as it was classified, but a beautiful semi-emotional drama just like the film 'The Guilt Trip'.\r\n\r\nThe cast was so good, I loved everyone's performances. But in the opening, it looked like a mindless comedy with dumb characters. Only while the film progress, it slowly developed many awesome plots and I was totally impressed with it, especially for the way it ended. Yep, it concluded on a high note compared to the ordinary initiation. I think credit should go the writer-come-director, as well as the actors.\r\n\r\nIt was a two layered narration that sets in two different cities where one of it was a flashback, but both of them meets during the middle. So what comes later was the best segment. The second half is what made this film a better product. This is not an extraordinary film, but for a small project and its not so popular cast, it really excelled my expectation.\r\n\r\nWell maintained suspense, and I don't think anybody could guess them out that easily. Till the final scene, it'll keep you alive, especially if you like melodrama you'll surely enjoy it better than others. Lately Justin Long has been doing some of the interesting small-scale films and this is one of them that you should try it if you're a film fanatic without barriers in viewing any category films.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [174343, 249923, 41044, 14848]}