{"tmdb_id": 13825, "title": "The Lazarus Project", "original_title": "The Lazarus Project", "slug_title": "the-lazarus-project", "date": "2008-10-24", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Sur le point de sortir de libert\u00e9 conditionnelle, Ben se rend compte de sa chance : une tr\u00e8s belle femme, une adorable petite fille et un boulot bien pay\u00e9. Mais licenci\u00e9 du jour au lendemain, Ben replonge dans la criminalit\u00e9 en s\u2019impliquant dans un vol qui aura des cons\u00e9quences mortelles. Condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort, il obtient myst\u00e9rieusement une seconde chance de vivre mais se rend vite compte qu\u2019il s\u2019est laiss\u00e9 entra\u00eener dans une affaire encore plus sinistre. Sa vie pass\u00e9e n\u2019\u00e9tait-elle qu\u2019un r\u00eave ou fait-il partie d\u2019un complot bien plus machiav\u00e9lique ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oehWKqXq3ZxKuIKbzGDNDYa4HhR.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Walker (Ben Garvey)", "Piper Perabo (Lisa Garvey)", "Lambert Wilson (Avery)", "Linda Cardellini (Julie Ingram)", "Shawn Hatosy (Ricky Garvey)", "Bob Gunton (Father Ezra)", "Malcolm Goodwin (Robbie)", "Brooklynn Proulx (Katie Garvey)", "Tony Curran (William Reeds)", "Ross McMillan (Dr. James)", "Aaron Hughes (Caleb)", "Sean Skene (Orderly)", "John Callander (The Lineman)", "Alex Sol (Phelps)", "Peter Jordan (Male Tech)", "Tracy McMahon (Female Tech)", "Chuck Robinson (Security Guard)", "David Duncan (Cop #1)", "Richard Thomas (Cop #2)", "Frank Adamson (Danny)", "Ofield Williams (Joey)", "Mike O'Brien (Patrick Bonaire)", "Leigh Enns (Realtor Woman)", "Ty Wood (Young Ben)", "Steve Ratzlaff (Detective)", "Dan Skene (Uniformed Cop)", "Susan Kelso (Human Society Woman)", "Manfred Maretzki (Minister)", "Aryanna Zamonsky (Little Girl in Diner)", "Lisa Durupt (Mother in Diner)", "Onalee Ames (Waitress in Diner)", "Jessica Burleson (Woman at Post Office)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lazarus of Oregon.\r\n\r\nThe Lazarus Project is directed by John Patrick Glen, who also co-writes the screenplay with Evan Astrowsky. It stars Paul Walker, Linda Cardellini, Piper Perabo, Bob Gunton, Malcolm Goodwin and Tony Curran. Music is by Brian Tyler and cinematography by Jerzy Zielinski. \r\n\r\nA reformed criminal out on parole is beset by bad luck and finds himself sentenced to die by lethal injection. Strange then that once the lethal dose is administered, he wakes up working as a grounds-keeper at a psychiatric hospital\u2026 \r\n\r\nJohn Glen's first directing assignment is very much a mixed bag, but if landing in the DVD/Blu-ray players of the right audience it could well gain some momentum in the wake of Walker's untimely death. \r\n\r\nIt's one of those films that operates at a funereal pace and thrives on other worldly atmosphere. After the introductions to the main character and his psychological make-up is out the way, pic shifts into a realm where we, as well as Walker's character, are never sure what is real or what is going on. Is he in some afterlife place? Is it all in his head? A dream? Drug induced? And etc. One of the smart things about the movie is that it binds the audience to the mystery by asking us to fill in the gaps with our own logic. While crucially the reveal comes at the right time so as to give us viewers the opportunity to re-evaluate the various quandaries that the piece has thrown up. \r\n\r\nFor those who like films like Jacob's Ladder, Shutter Island, The Jacket et al, then this has to be at the very least of interest, to warrant the chance to sell itself to those particular sub-genre fans, besides which, it also shows a string to Walker's acting bow that was rarely tapped into by other directors. And it's beautifully shot by Zielinski too. Contemplative, intriguing and even chilling as regards the various themes it deals with, this Lazarus deserves its own second coming. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10425, 14148, 15801, 13074], "youtube_key": "9PnR562GsZw"}