{"tmdb_id": 13820, "title": "Repo Man", "original_title": "Repo Man", "slug_title": "repo-man", "date": "1984-02-20", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Otto est un punk \u00e0 qui rien ne sourit. Alors qu'il vient de perdre son travail, sa petite-amie le quitte pour un autre. Perdu, le jeune homme erre dans Los Angeles et fait la connaissance de Bud qui lui propose de travailler pour lui. D\u00e9sormais, Otto est un Repo Man, repreneur charg\u00e9 de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer les voitures impay\u00e9es...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9l48hWNQ5vH5dwzIVmXxb0D6bjc.jpg", "actors": ["Harry Dean Stanton (Bud)", "Emilio Estevez (Otto Maddox)", "Tracey Walter (Miller)", "Olivia Barash (Leila)", "Sy Richardson (Lite)", "Susan Barnes (Agent Rogersz)", "Fox Harris (J. Frank Parnell)", "Tom Finnegan (Oly)", "Del Zamora (Lagarto)", "Eddie Velez (Napo)", "Zander Schloss (Kevin)", "Jennifer Balgobin (Debbi)", "Dick Rude (Duke)", "Miguel Sandoval (Archie)", "Vonetta McGee (Marlene)", "Richard Foronjy (Plettschner)", "Bruce White (Reverend Larry)", "Sue Kiel (Ms. Magruder)", "Helen Martin (Mrs. Parks)", "Angelique Pettyjohn (Repo Wife #2)", "Con Covert (Harry Pace)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It happens sometimes. People just explode. Natural causes.\r\n\r\nRepo Man has become one of those films where even though it was savaged by many critics of the time (not Ebert, he loved it), was met with very poor box office as well, but now everyone seems to shout that they loved it back then, always have! It is the very definition of a \"cult movie\", a pic that went underground and found its audience, so much so it burst back above ground and today is still being discovered by an ever intrigued movie loving audience.\r\n\r\nRepo Man was one of a kind, a film that refused to be pigeon holed, a true original. Story for what it's worth has Emilio Estevez as L.A. punk Otto Maddox who gets bluffed into a repo man job. Taken under the wing of Bud (Harry Dean Stanton), Otto gets to become a fully fledged repo man, taking on all the perks and dangers that come with the territory. But when a mysterious 1964 Chevy Malibu arrives on the patch, all bets seem to be off because everyone is either after it or being disintegrated by it!\r\n\r\nThe life of a repo man is always intense.\r\n\r\nOK! Where to start? Offbeat, eccentric, punk, funky, funny, smart? Repo Man is all those things, it dares to be bold and challenging, its satirical edges slicing away at film genres and American societies. Director Alex Cox (how wonderful that such an American film is directed by a British guy) fills out this scuzzy part of L.A. with hippies, freaks, punks, aliens, scientist nutters, UFO nutters, effeminate coppers and the repo men themselves, a bunch of grizzled souls hardened by life's travails, but always with a quip, a smile and a gunshot at the ready.\r\n\r\nThe dialogue fizzes with cheeky derring-do, some lines even today still quotable and used in pubs and clubs across the continents. Robby Muller's cinematography has snap crackle and pop, as does the rocking soundtrack as Cox invites the likes of Iggy Pop, The Circle Jerks, Black Flag and The Plugz into his weird and wonderful world. Performances are bang on the dollar, Stanton the class act, Estevez superb, Tracey Walter proving what his fans already knew, that he's a legendary character actor.\r\n\r\nFrom an opening involving a pair of smoking boots, to the glowing sci-fi nirvana finale, Repo Man kicks ass. One viewing is never enough, and for sure there are those who have seen it once and hate it to the point of refusing to ever watch it again. That's a shame, because repeat viewings are essential, because the more you watch the more Cox's deliriously cheeky movie makes sense. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [811, 12476, 22307, 9749]}