{"tmdb_id": 138496, "title": "Crawlspace", "original_title": "Crawlspace", "slug_title": "crawlspace", "date": "2012-05-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Pine Gap, base secr\u00e8te de la CIA d\u00e9di\u00e9e aux manipulations g\u00e9n\u00e9tiques, ne donne plus aucun signe de vie depuis quelques heures. L\u2019unit\u00e9 de soldats d\u2019\u00e9lite envoy\u00e9e sur place d\u00e9couvre alors avec stupeur un lieu qui para\u00eet abandonn\u00e9 depuis des ann\u00e9es et dont les occupants ont tous disparu. Dans cette base sous haute s\u00e9curit\u00e9, certaines exp\u00e9riences ont mal tourn\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2jeDAVpLqn8UBOeU3Di55RFVnOK.jpg", "actors": ["Amber Clayton (Eve)", "Eddie Baroo (Fourpack)", "Justin Batchelor (Sinister Man)", "Nicholas Bell (Caesar)", "John Brumpton (Elvis)", "Ditch Davey (Romeo)", "Leslie Simpson (John McKinny)", "Fletcher Humphrys (Kid)", "Peta Sergeant (Wiki)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Eve and God Complex's.\r\n\r\nA team of elite commandos are sent into a top secret military base with instructions to rescue the scientists who are apparently under attack from escaped prisoners. What they find is something very strange and different...\r\n\r\nAustralia has produced some high quality horror in recent times, this sadly - in spite of some sterling efforts - isn't one of them.\r\n\r\nJustin Dix's (director/co-producer/co-writer) film is guilty of lifting from a whole bunch of other sci-fi/horror films to the point where the smart ideas in the narrative are practically squashed. Everything from Aliens and Scanners to Event Horizon are greased in to maintain a viable interest factor, a shame because the low budget is never an issue as the debut director shows a keen eye for atmosphere setting.\r\n\r\nThe facility that the characters find themselves in, as they fight for survival, is splendidly awash with a futuristic metallic sheen. While claustrophobia, as the title suggests, is one of the key character's of the piece. Acting is fine, no ham or cheese here, and in spite of the leanings from elsewhere, pic is never dull. It's not one for genre fans to base their evening in by the fire with, but it's just above average and shows Dix to have some potential behind the camera. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [120092, 205466, 74006, 291545], "youtube_key": "kB68WJDhWbU"}