{"tmdb_id": 13849, "title": "Bienvenue au cottage", "original_title": "The Cottage", "slug_title": "bienvenue-au-cottage", "date": "2008-02-07", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Deux fr\u00e8res font capoter le kidnapping d'une jeune fille organis\u00e9 par un gangster, et se retrouvent avec un terrible secret sur les bras. Les ennuis ne font que commencer lorsqu'ils croisent sur leur chemin un fermier psychopathe...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gh08eCKFWZC1gfYH6L3dKNu2HTr.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Serkis (David)", "Reece Shearsmith (Peter)", "Jennifer Ellison (Tracey)", "Steven O'Donnell (Andrew)", "James Bierman (Bouncer)", "Cat Meacher (Club Receptionist)", "Danny Nussbaum (Man in Suit)", "Logan Wong (Muk Li San)", "Jonathan Chan-Pensley (Chun Yo Fu)", "Simon Schatzberger (Steven)", "Doug Bradley (Villager with Dog)", "Dave Legeno (The Farmer)", "Katy Murphy (Farmer's Wife)", "Georgia Groome (Farmer's Daughter 1)", "Eden Watson (Farmer's Daughter 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It's a comedy with bite, right to the end.\r\n\r\nTwo brothers, David & Peter, kidnap Tracey, the daughter of local tough guy gangster Arnie, they hold her to ransom for the sum of \u00a3100,000. What they hadn't bargained into the equation is that Tracey is one tough feisty lady, and that a turn of events will lead them to something far more scary than big bad gangster Arnie.\r\n\r\nThis is the second feature from director Paul Andrew Williams, and bearing in mind that his debut effort was the highly lauded gritty drama London To Brighton, it's no surprise to find that some folk are a little bemused as to the genre splicing nature of The Cottage. The Cottage is far more in keeping with Christopher Smith's 2006 horror comedy, Severance, and certainly it wouldn't be out of place as a double bill with that criminally undervalued picture.\r\n\r\nVery much a film of two halves, this picture is likely to prove a very divisive piece, and it will (has) only find an audience based on word of mouth alone. You will be hard pressed to find any sort of press marketing that will prepare you for the type of genre fusion film you are getting. Already, based on the comments written on this site thus far, you can see that some people were confused (or annoyed) by the tonal shift for the second half of the film. The first half sees poles apart brothers, David & Peter, swapping comedy dialogue as they whisk through a number of exchanges and circumstances with the marvellously volatile Tracey. While the second part of the picture hits you over the head with a quick switch to horror formula that has catering fulfilment for the gore junkies amongst us.\r\n\r\nAnd this is where the problem lies with many, why didn't the film stay as a kidnap farce? Why didn't it set its stall out to be a horror film from the off? There is no denying that the films' high points come with the horror moments, but the film is first and foremost a comedy, from the first reel to the cheeky end of credits sequence it is what it is. As deliciously sick as the gore shift is, The Cottage never once takes its tongue out of its bloody cheek. It's obvious that Paul Andrew Williams is having fun here, and he is clearly hoping his audience will as well. View it as an all encompassing comedy/horror/thriller in that order and you wont go far wrong.\r\n\r\nAndy Serkis plays David, the tough brother of the two, with Serkis doing a wonderful line in both visual and vocal comedy. This benefits Reece Shearsmith as Peter, a character so far under the thumb he can barely be seen. Shearsmith feeds off of Serkis to seal the comedy deal for this odd brotherly couple. British tabloid fave Jennifer Ellison plays Tracey, literally swearing for England to have the audience divided as to if they want her to survive or not! But it's a gutsy show from her and one hopes she ventures into this territory a bit more often. There is nothing new or fresh here, and this wont win any awards; even in its homeland of England, but it is FUN and it shows a director intent on making films from different genres. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5072, 20606, 13429, 26587], "youtube_key": "q1DIFtBcozI"}