{"tmdb_id": 138491, "title": "Changes", "original_title": "Changes", "slug_title": "changes", "date": "1969-02-11", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "It's the late sixties, a time of peace signs, free love and revolution; and Kent (Kent Lane DEFIANT, HOOPER) like others of his generation, is looking for a meaning to his life. Driving alone along the Big Sur, he flashes back to difficult memories about college, drugs, family and relationships. The flashback over, Kent is back in his car, but he loses control and crashes over an embankment. Stunned and hurt, Kent starts hitchhiking, not caring which direction. He wanders aimlessly, taking rides from strangers, never making real contact. Then he meets Julie (Michele Carey, LIVE A LITTLE LOVE A LITTLE), who intrigues him and they move in together. Kent still has to find himself and the meaning of his existence. Co-starring Jack Albertson (TV's CHICO AND THE MAN), Manuela Thiess (TERROR CIRCUS), Sam Chew Jr. (TIME WALKER), Teri Garr (FIRSTBORN) and Marcia Strassman (TV's WELCOME BACK KOTTER). Made by award winning director Hall Bartlett (JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEAGULL)!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sdIj0wXzpC0ieb1Lr0dqE3JjtnV.jpg", "actors": ["Kent Lane (Kent)", "Jack Albertson (Kent's father / Interviewer)", "Gregory Walcott (Businessman / Job Interviewer)", "Michele Carey (Julie)", "Marcia Strassman (Kristine, Reporter)", "Sam Chew Jr. (Charlie)", "Teri Garr (Waitress)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}