{"tmdb_id": 138551, "title": "The Death of Richie", "original_title": "The Death of Richie", "slug_title": "the-death-of-richie", "date": "1977-01-10", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "A sensitive but confused teenager feels pressure on him from all directions and turns to drugs, which causes problems for him in school and at home.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zYwA8WC4Q5DoOpttd1WaQDzCAqO.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Gazzara (George Werner)", "Eileen Brennan (Carol Werner)", "Robby Benson (Richie Werner)", "Lance Kerwin (Russell Werner)", "John Zaremba (Mr. Norlon)", "Jennifer Rhodes (Elaine)", "Cindy Eilbacher (Sheila)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Instead of coming-of-age, a teen comes-to-death\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN early 1977 and directed by Paul Wendkos, \"The Death of Richie\" is a drama about a teen, Richie Werner (Robby Benson), who turns to drugs and increasingly troubles his family to the point that his father (Ben Gazzara) is compelled to take extreme measures in solving the problem. Eileen Brennan plays the mother. The movie is based on the real-life account detailed in the book \u201cRichie\u201d by Thomas Thompson about the 1972 death of George Richard \"Richie\" Diener Jr. from Long Island at the hands of his father, George Diener, who was not charged with a crime.\r\n\r\nThe drug culture was still relatively new in the 70s and so parents were generally ignorant of the pitfalls thereof, which explains why the parents wait too long to tackle Richie\u2019s drug problem by sending him to rehab or whatever. The movie illustrates how teens are drawn into the druggie lifestyle via hanging around the wrong crowd and the corresponding peer pressure. As they say: \u201cBad company corrupts good character.\u201d Mr. Werner should have banned Richie\u2019s drug-inclined buddies from his property WAY before he does, not to mention get him hooked-in with a serious counseling program.\r\n\r\nOf course not everyone who turns to drugs for recreation turns out like Richie and the movie never suggests this, but it does convey that the misuse of chemicals is a generally negative road and SOME personalities, for whatever reason, can\u2019t handle them because they have no sense of moderation and in some cases morph into psychos, like Richie. It\u2019s like alcohol: I rarely drink but, when I do, it makes me happy and pleasant. Yet I know people who become meaner than a junkyard dog when they drink. It depends on the personality in question. These types have to stay away from recreational drinking & drugs altogether.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Death of Richie\u201d isn\u2019t as good as \u201cGo Ask Alice\u201d (1973), but it\u2019s still a potent 70\u2019s anti-drug flick. The movie shows Richie\u2019s potential and how he was actually a nice, respectful boy when he was sober. There are coming-of-age elements but, unfortunately, this is a story about coming-of-death and it\u2019s just grueling and sad.\r\n\r\nIn real-life, the father, George Diener, died of cancer about 9 years after he killed Richie in April, 1981, at the too-young age of 52. Richie\u2019s friend Brick in the movie was Lenny Langone in real life; he died on August 25, 2010. He was with Richie 15 minutes before the killing and to his dying day defended Richie as \u201ctoo effed up\u201d to be a threat to anyone and insisted that his father was a cold bastage looking for the right moment to kill Richie and legally get away with it. What he doesn\u2019t tell you is that Richie came at his dad with a friggin\u2019 ice pick and Lenny wasn\u2019t present during the encounter. It\u2019s easy to defend a drug-addled wacko with an ice pick when you\u2019re not the one being threatened.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 37 minutes and was shot at Warner Brothers Burbank Studios, California. WRITERS: John McGreevey wrote the teleplay based on Thomas Thompson\u2019s book.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}