{"tmdb_id": 138772, "title": "The Neighbor's Wife and Mine", "original_title": "\u30de\u30c0\u30e0\u3068\u5973\u623f", "slug_title": "the-neighbor-s-wife-and-mine", "date": "1931-08-01", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Like Ernst Lubitsch, whom he studied, Gosho was an early experimenter in the narrative uses of sound (and silence). Japan\u2019s first \u201call talkie,\u201d this charming comedy lends itself to a natural use of sound. A playwright is distracted from his work by the din of a jazz band practicing next door. He goes over to complain but is totally disarmed by the lady of the house. The whole film plays on the presence of sound, from blaring horns and crying children to the duets our hero engages in with the neighbor\u2019s wife to the dismay of his own spouse. The film also demonstrates the growing importance of Western influences to the Japanese. American jazz, modern French painting, and Western dress are treated positively, if comically. But nothing quite prepares one for the closing duet of husband and wife singing \u201cMy Blue Heaven\u201d on their Sunday outing with the children. Look for Gosho\u2019s signature use of brief, separate shots, another influence from abroad. \u2014BAM/PFA", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uOkDUtPNj8hBxOtMgi1fHARa0GU.jpg", "actors": ["Kinuyo Tanaka (Wife of the playwright)", "Atsushi Watanabe (Playwright)", "Mitsuko Ichimura (Playwright daughter)", "Satoko Date (Madame, the neighbour)", "Shin'ichi Himori ()", "Yukiko Inoue ()", "Tokuji Kobayashi ()", "Takeshi Sakamoto ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}