{"tmdb_id": 138858, "title": "Dire Wolf", "original_title": "Dire Wolf", "slug_title": "dire-wolf", "date": "2009-09-25", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4UQekpW87efdBUU8U0JBEDhzEGu.jpg", "actors": ["Maxwell Caulfield (Sheriff Parker)", "Steven Lee Allen (Ed Reilly)", "Dawn Ann Billings (Tina)", "Vince Cefalu (Cooper)", "John L. Curtis (Connors)", "Angela Duffy (Jenny)", "Gil Gerard (Col. Hendry)", "Joe Gerety (General Peterson)", "Blake Cooper Griffin (Jim Martin)", "Summer Harlow (Sherry)", "Kimberly Horner (Amber)", "Kristen Howe (Agent Read)", "Ted Monte (Teddy)", "Laura Niles (Kelly)", "Gregory Paul Smith (Dire Wolf)", "Eric Spudic (Ernie)", "Ian Patrick Williams (Dr. Renault)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Entertaining and amusing TV-budget werewolf flick, not to mention gory\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2009 and directed by Fred Olen Ray, \"Dire Wolf\" (also known as \"Dinowolf\") chronicles events in rural Southern California when a genetically modified creature that's half-dire wolf and half-human escapes a government-funded research facility and goes on a gory rampage. The local Sheriff (Maxwell Caulfield) & game warden (Blake Cooper Griffin) team up with two federal agents (Kristen Howe & John L. Curtis) and one of the researchers (Dawn Ann Billings) to track it down. Gil Gerard has a small part as the commanding officer in charge of the dubious project.\r\n\r\nThis is an entertaining TV-budget werewolf flick (while some might nitpick that it's not truly a werewolf movie, it is at heart). The movie has a humorous edge, mostly with the quirky \"Rainman\" Sheriff, but it's largely serious (with a wink) and even has some moving parts, like when a certain character bites the dust and shares his last words with someone close to him.\r\n\r\nIt's nothing great, but it's entertaining and well-rounded Grade B horror with a likable cast and some seriously gory parts, not to mention a classy score here and there. On top of this, there are several worthwhile women, including several cuties, such as Kimberly Horner (Amber), Summer Harlow (the blonde researcher), Gina Scoles (the bikini girl) and Laura Niles (Kelly at the restaurant).\r\n\r\n\"Dire Wolf\" was made in the mold of seminal TV-horror flicks, like 1972's \"Gargoyles.\" If you like that movie you'll definitely appreciate this one. In some ways it's even better (although I give the better rating to \"Gargoyles\" due to its originality and place in history). The filmmakers, cast and crew of \"Dire Wolf\" knew they were making a low budget horror flick, but they gave it their all to make sure it was entertaining, amusing, moving and even a little classy.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 87 minutes and was shot in Southern California. WRITERS: Dan Golden and Patrick Moran.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": []}