{"tmdb_id": 138896, "title": "Gambler", "original_title": "Gambler", "slug_title": "gambler", "date": "1995-10-20", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Police Inspector Dayashanker Pandey is a slacker, a man who does not want to put his life under any risk, and is quite comfortable sharing tall tales, and a desk job. Fate has other plans for him, for whenever he goes on duty outside, he somehow apprehends some criminals or some smuggled goods or drugs. He thus becomes the pride of his division, much to his discomfort. For Dayashanker knows that if he is publicly felicitated, this will put in the black books of many underworld gangsters, which will rip his comfortable and easy-going life apart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cb8DVRPzWBA3fb4Kxvi7UzEsC1j.jpg", "actors": ["Govinda (Inspector Dayashankar Pandey)", "Shilpa Shetty (Ritu)", "Aditya Pancholi (Inspector Shiva)", "Gulshan Grover ()", "Mohan Joshi (Karianna)", "Johnny Lever (Havaldar Babulal)", "Tinnu Anand (Tinu)", "Rohini Hattangadi (Mrs. Pandey)", "Raj Babbar (Jai Chand)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kristy90", "content": "It was three hours full of laughter and complete disappointment. I admit that I have often watched Indian films. I like their music and dance, but this \"masterpiece\" made me disappointed in Indian cinema. The way they depicted <a href=\"http://www.brooklynjumbies.com/\">spin palace casino</a> and gamblers caused me something mid-range between disgust and laughter. I do not understand what they thought when filming this movie. Of course, you can watch it, but only if you do not mind spending 3 hours of your life in vain. Of course, there were quite good moments, but the whole movie disappointed me"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}