{"tmdb_id": 138997, "title": "The Undertaker", "original_title": "The Undertaker", "slug_title": "the-undertaker", "date": "1988-01-01", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Un fossoyeur perturb\u00e9 tue des femmes pour garder leurs corps dans un fun\u00e9rarium.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/206nwnIVR4gOF6g89BhkuDiierx.jpg", "actors": ["Joe Spinell (Uncle Roscoe)", "Rebecca Yaron (Pam Hayes)", "Patrick Askin (Nicky Leonardo)", "Susan Bachli (Mandy)", "Charles Kay-Hune (Police Chief)", "William James Kennedy (Inspector Barry)", "Mette Holt (Jean)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "The Undertaker seemed to be filmed on VHS and low grade film. I expected to see a movie that might serve as the inspiration for the WWE character. It might have done so. The soundtrack has that eerie bell tolling in the intro. But that appeared to be the only connection. The character more closely resembled Gorilla Monsoon. The rest of this movie was garbage. The only vestige being Joe Spinell. \r\n\r\nSpinell was featured in this b-movie as its lead. He did a pretty good job. He is most popular for his work in Rocky, The Godfather Part II and Taxi Driver. However, as seen in this movie, he is a great choice for horror. We have also seen him on Horror Movie Project in Maniac. In both movies he plays nearly the same character. Both are really creepy and really weird. Unfortunately Spinell would pass on in 1989 leaving the horror movie world forever."}], "recommandations_id": [26676, 40146]}