{"tmdb_id": 13909, "title": "La charge h\u00e9ro\u00efque", "original_title": "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon", "slug_title": "la-charge-heroique", "date": "1949-10-22", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1876, apr\u00e8s la d\u00e9faite et la mort de Custer, 10 000 indiens commencent \u00e0 se r\u00e9unir pour marcher contre les Blancs. Le capitaine Nathan Brittles, \u00e0 quelques jours de la retraite, effectue sa derni\u00e8re patrouille. Ce sera un \u00e9chec complet, car \u00e0 cause de la femme et de la ni\u00e8ce du commandant du fort qu'il doit mener \u00e0 la diligence, il ne pourra pas prendre le risque d'emp\u00eacher les indiens de faire leur jonction, de s'approvisionner en fusils aupr\u00e8s d'un trafiquant d'armes et de massacrer des planteurs.  Mais, durant les derni\u00e8res minutes de son commandement, Brittles effectue un raid audacieux contre le camp o\u00f9 se sont regroup\u00e9s des milliers d'Indiens et il met en fuite leurs chevaux, \u00e9vitant ainsi une guerre sanglante. Quand il croit quitter d\u00e9finitivement l'arm\u00e9e et la cavalerie, il est nomm\u00e9 chef des \u00e9claireurs civils.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/IJRsd1GdZd7Ue8kGZGFrPBn9H6.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Capt. Nathan Cutting Brittles)", "Joanne Dru (Olivia Dandridge)", "John Agar (Lt. Flint Cohill)", "Ben Johnson (Sgt. Tyree)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (2nd Lt. Ross Pennell)", "Victor McLaglen (First Sergeant Quincannon)", "Mildred Natwick (Abby Allshard (\"Old Iron Pants\"))", "George O'Brien (Maj. Mac Allshard)", "Arthur Shields (Dr. O'Laughlin)", "Michael Dugan (Sgt. Hochbauer)", "Chief John Big Tree (Chief Pony That Walks)", "Fred Graham (Sgt. Hench)", "George Sky Eagle (Chief Sky Eagle)", "Tom Tyler (Cpl. Mike Quayne)", "Noble Johnson (Chief Red Shirt)", "Paul Fix (Gunrunner (uncredited))", "Francis Ford (Connelly - Fort Stark Suttlers Barman (uncredited))", "Cliff Lyons (Trooper Cliff (uncredited))", "Frank McGrath (Bugler / Indian (uncredited))", "Irving Pichel (Narrator (voice) (uncredited))", "William Steele (Officer (uncredited))", "Jack Tornek (Officer (uncredited))", "Dan White (Trooper (uncredited))", "Harry Woods (Karl Rynders (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The army is always the same. The sun and the moon change, but the army knows no seasons. \r\n\r\nThe second instalment of the acclaimed John Ford cavalry trilogy had a lot to live up to after Fort Apache (1948). So it may not be too controversial to state that \"Yellow Ribbon\" doesn't quite achieve the potential promise that Fort Apache's foundation building had provided. However, here is still a mighty Western of many joys. \r\n\r\nThe lead theme here is the passing of time, of time and love lost, lest we forget indeed. These themes give the film a strong emotional heartbeat from which to work from - even if on proviso it's noted that elsewhere there is not much in the way of an adrenalin pumping action extravaganza. Accepting it as an affecting character piece is something of a requisite if you want to get the most out of the viewing experience, and of course simultaneously getting wrapped up in the gifted art of film making in the process. \r\n\r\nJohn Wayne gives a top notch performance in what is obviously one of the first out and out serious roles that Ford gave him. His ageing Captain Nathan Brittles requires him to put in a very fallible human type of performance, something that he achieves in spades. He's a believable leader who is ruing the calling of time on his career in the service. Yet even Wayne's affecting turn is trumped by some of the most gorgeous cinematography you could wish to see from the 1940s. \r\n\r\nWinton Hoch clashed with Ford on the shoot about various perfections (both parties equally to blame of course), but the final result is incredible. Witness a scene as Brittles visits his dead wife's grave, the backdrop is all purple and red, a storm is imminent, metaphorically and in reality. Has shooting in the desert ever been so colourfully lush? The locations are breath takingly brought to vivid life, Monument Valley in all its glory.\r\n\r\nPicture leaves an indelible mark on the conscious for the art and performances (Joanne Dru, Ben Johnson, Victor McLaglen & Harry Carey Jr bring their \"A\" game), but temper that slightly for as a story it just about gets by for dramatic purpose. Yet of course John Ford knows his onions and structures it accordingly, bringing precision and a genuine love of the genre and the material to hand. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37347, 11617, 17664, 20442]}