{"tmdb_id": 13910, "title": "Au-del\u00e0 de l'illusion", "original_title": "Death Defying Acts", "slug_title": "au-dela-de-l-illusion", "date": "2007-09-13", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "1926. Harry Houdini est le plus grand prestidigitateur au monde, attirant un public intrigu\u00e9 par ses tours de magie. Mais l'homme derri\u00e8re la l\u00e9gende est une \u00e2me tortur\u00e9e d'avoir rat\u00e9 les derniers mots de sa m\u00e8re mourante. Il est pr\u00eat \u00e0 offrir une r\u00e9compense de 10 000 $ \u00e0 quiconque pourra le mettre en contact avec l'esprit de sa m\u00e8re. Quand une myst\u00e9rieuse femme, Mary McGarvie, pr\u00e9tend avoir ce pouvoir, le scepticisme d'Houdini est troubl\u00e9. Plus il passe du temps avec Mary, plus il est attir\u00e9 par elle. Houdini ne se doute alors pas qu'il se trouve au coeur du tour de magie le plus dangereux de sa carri\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j8cw8NK9zAqH4dxbepBCgnHkc52.jpg", "actors": ["Catherine Zeta-Jones (Mary McGarvie)", "Guy Pearce (Harry Houdini)", "Timothy Spall (Sugarman)", "Saoirse Ronan (Benji McGarvie)", "Malcolm Shields (Leith Romeo)", "Leni Harper (Leith Romeo's wife)", "Ralph Riach (Mr. Robertson)", "Olivia Darnley (Flower Stall Seller)", "Anthony O'Donnell (Oily Librarian)", "Billy McColl (McTavish)", "James Holmes (Ugly Mug)", "Melanie Harris (Rose)", "Miles Jupp (Ventriloquist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Houdini Affairs of the Heart and Head.\r\n\r\nDeath Defying Acts is directed by Gillian Armstrong and written by Tony Grisoni and Brian Ward. It stars Guy Pearce, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Timothy Spall and Saoirse Ronan. Music is by Cezary Skubiszewski and cinematography by Haris Zambarloukos.\r\n\r\nNot a biopic of Harry Houdini, but an episode in his life, Death Defying Acts (a bum steer of a title) is lukewarm across the board. Story charts the years after the death of Houdini\u2019s mother, where he travels to 1920s Edinburgh and falls in with Psychic Tricksters Mary (Jones) and Benji McGarvie (Ronan), a mother and daughter team who spy an opportunity to prise a cash reward offered by the great escapologist.\r\n\r\nWhat is intended to be a searching examination of Houdini, his mental fragility, hang-ups, strengths and etc, just plays out as a romantic period piece lacking vim and vigour. Pearce works hard as Houdini but never gets to grasp the tormented angle of the man, while Jones is miscast and not even her pretty face can light up a dull performance. Ronan is sprightly enough and Spall shows some emotive verve as Houdini\u2019s concerned manager. The moments of trickery perk things up a bit, but even then the makers think it\u2019s wise to debunk the mysticism. The romanticism of the era, and that of Houdini\u2019s place in it, is well crafted onto the screen, but the flatness and confused thematic threads elsewhere leave this well below average. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [66044, 113211, 123615, 126853], "youtube_key": "4ZgR_7lBxTU"}