{"tmdb_id": 139293, "title": "Tiktik: The Aswang Chronicles", "original_title": "Tiktik: The Aswang Chronicles", "slug_title": "tiktik-the-aswang-chronicles", "date": "2012-10-16", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "With dark shades on and a burning cigarette between his lips, Makoy will do whatever it takes to get back his girlfriend Sonia, who\u2019s pregnant with their child. He makes the trip to remote Pulupandan, her hometown, and is quickly rebuffed by Sonia\u2019s mother Fely. But Makoy has never been one to give up. With the help of Sonia\u2019s father Nestor and his ever-dependable helper Bart, Makoy stays in town to surprise Sonia on her birthday. But alas, Makoy gets into trouble with a group of townsfolk who transform into tiktik\u2014horrific, man-eating creatures with a taste for fetuses that are still in the womb! They are angry, and they are hungry for revenge. Will their thirst for blood and retribution be quenched? Will Makoy finally get his act together, protect Sonia and their baby, and once and for all prove himself worthy of their love? Who will win in the battle between men and monsters?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wl2GUBVFEc55gGHeApRbo7po2lP.jpg", "actors": ["Dingdong Dantes (Makoy)", "Lovi Poe (Sonia)", "Janice de Belen (Fely)", "Joey Marquez (Nestor)", "Ramon Bautista (Bart)", "Roi Vinzon (Tatang)", "Mike Gayoso (Ringo)", "LJ Reyes (Hilda)", "Rina Reyes (Pacing)", "RJ Salvador (Kulot)", "Montito Almario (Cedric)", "Jeff Fernandez (Kulas)", "Cris Pastor (Mutya)", "Dwight Gaston (Tonio)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SheBlogger", "content": "Tiktik: The Aswang Chronicles (A Filipino Horror Movie) \u2013 From a Commoner\u2019s View\r\n\r\nIt is true what they say that Tiktik is not just your typical action-horror film. Yes, that is very true.  It is action-packed, that I agree. But I don\u2019t think I can categorize it as a horror movie in my book.  The scary factors in horror stories are not present in this film. My rating for Shock and Scare is half a heart. So there, no need to be wary of watching this movie because you have a weak heart.  Tiktik is more of an action-comedy with just a tiny bit element of horror because of the aswangs (human-eating monsters). But for Laughter and Tears, I give it 4 hearts! It was a really fun movie to watch.\r\n\r\nJoey Marquez was his usual tatanga-tanga (funny stupid), but with a big heart, character. I must admit\u2026seeing him again after a very long time of absence in movies, I realized that I kinda missed his antics.  Janice de Belen was also funny as the typical bungangera (nagging) wife and mother. Ramon Bautista, on the other hand, was a nice and fresh addition. Contrary to what I expected, he was not overacting or corny. He delivered a natural and right amount of comic expressions. Lovi Poe also gave what was required from her and did not overdo it. Like what Eugene Domingo calls a \u201cNo Acting Acting\u201d :)   The lines\u2026 the dialogues and their delivery were simply perfect! Even Dingdong Dantes, whom I never really liked, was great at being an ass****. A natural! Oh, I meant that in a good way, okay? Writer-Director of this film, Erik Matti, made the right choices in his personally hand-picked actors to play these roles. \r\n\r\nSo, for Character Performance I give Tiktik 4.5 gems.  Considering that the actors had to act frightened out of their wits by aswangs that they don\u2019t even see. They were all believable. And oh, let\u2019s not forget the aswang characters and their remarkable performances and saliva-dripping appearances. They acted in all seriousness of their monster characters, especially the two patriarchal figures: Mike Gayoso as the avenging father of the mischievous teenage aswangs;  and Roi Vinzons as the powerful head of the Aswang tribe.\r\n\r\nIt would be hard to separate ratings for Cinematography and Special FX, since Tiktik was shot entirely in green screen and everything depended on computer graphics animation.  I was really impressed with the opening credits. It\u2019s the first Filipino movie I\u2019ve seen where the creators really put in too much time and effort in the artistry of the opening credits. It was like watching the opening credits of Batman or Spider-man. Well\u2026not really but almost! And that\u2019s saying something, right?\r\n\r\nREAD FULL REVIEW ON: http://heblogs-sheblogs.com/2012/10/tiktik-the-aswang-chronicles-movie-review/"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}