{"tmdb_id": 139380, "title": "Sacr\u00e9 No\u00ebl! : Dr\u00f4le de chorale", "original_title": "Nativity 2: Danger in the Manger!", "slug_title": "sacre-noel-drole-de-chorale", "date": "2012-11-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "En cette p\u00e9riode de f\u00eates, les \u00e9l\u00e8ves de Sainte-Bernadette font route vers le Pays de Galles pour participer au concours de chant national \"Un chanson pour No\u00ebl\". Leur nouvel instituteur, M. Peterson, a la d\u00e9licate mission de temp\u00e9rer l'enthousiasme de ses \u00e9l\u00e8ves, mais doit composer avec un assistant ing\u00e9rable, M. Poppy, qui l'embarque bien malgr\u00e9 lui dans une de ses folles aventures...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ee0Z7cLbgmPsU7LxwHKw2RzKGtP.jpg", "actors": ["David Tennant (Mr. Peterson / Roderick Peterson)", "Marc Wootton (Mr. Poppy)", "Pam Ferris (Mrs. Bevan)", "Jessica Hynes (Angel Matthews)", "Joanna Page ()", "Jason Watkins (Gordon Shakespeare)", "Adrianna Bertola (Herself)", "Amanda Lawrence ()", "Ian McNeice ()", "Ben Wilby ()", "Rosie Cavaliero ()", "Pixie Davies ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It's on safe ground. This manger isn't wobbling.\r\n\r\nAfter the pleasing (justified) reaction to 2009s Nativity!, it's not unsurprising to find that two further films would follow it, starting with this, the first of the sequels. Formula remains the same as the first film, here we have David Tennant (great coup by writer and director Debbie Isitt to get him in a dual role) as an harangued teacher out on the road in charge of kiddies as they head towards the National 'Song for Christmas' Competition. Along side him, pulling the the emotional and cunning mental strings, is man-child Mr. Poppy (Marc Wooton once again on film stealing form), enter mirth, poignancy and a raft of engaging kiddies guaranteed to warm the cockles during Yuletide.\r\n\r\nThis is undeniably Isitt and her team treading on safe ground, which is both a blessing and a curse. For although the finale here - as regards the competition - has a different twist to the first film, it still feels like a redux of that picture - this is because it is. There's also a problem in that the last third is crammed packed with the competition song entries, not to say the songs and routines aren't great (Isitt and editor Nicky Ager co-writing), they are, and it's a nice cross reference of different styles of music. It's just that there comes a point when it veers close to being filler to pad the pic out to over 100 minutes of film, where much of the comedic human drama gets lost in the mix.\r\n\r\nHowever, it's still a warm film, and a real foot tapper that's nice to get involved with at Christmas time. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [49522, 295049, 313654, 417708]}