{"tmdb_id": 13975, "title": "Dans la brume \u00e9lectrique", "original_title": "In the Electric Mist", "slug_title": "dans-la-brume-electrique", "date": "2009-04-15", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "New Iberia, Louisiane. Le d\u00e9tective Dave Robicheaux est sur les traces d'un tueur en s\u00e9rie qui s'attaque \u00e0 de tr\u00e8s jeunes femmes. De retour chez lui apr\u00e8s une investigation sur la sc\u00e8ne d'un nouveau crime inf\u00e2me, Dave fait la rencontre d'Elrod Sykes. La grande star hollywoodienne est venue en Louisiane tourner un film, produit avec le soutien de la fine fleur du crime local, Baby Feet Balboni. Elrod raconte \u00e0 Dave qu'il a vu, gisant dans un marais, le corps d\u00e9compos\u00e9 d'un homme noir encha\u00een\u00e9. Cette d\u00e9couverte fait rapidement resurgir des souvenirs du pass\u00e9 de Dave. Mais \u00e0 mesure que Dave se rapproche du meurtrier, le meurtrier se rapproche de la famille de Dave...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nnWPxVcY2VWuX0VkuRNO7Fd2sTv.jpg", "actors": ["Tommy Lee Jones (Dave Robicheaux)", "John Goodman (Julie 'Baby Feet' Balboni)", "Peter Sarsgaard (Elrod Sykes)", "Mary Steenburgen (Bootsie Robicheaux)", "Kelly Macdonald (Kelly Drummond)", "Justina Machado (Rosie Gomez)", "Ned Beatty (Twinky LeMoyne)", "James Gammon (Ben Hebert)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Lou Girard)", "Levon Helm (General John Bell Hood)", "Buddy Guy (Sam 'Hogman' Patin)", "Julio Cedillo (Cholo Manelli)", "Bernard Hocke (Murphy Doucet)", "John Sayles (Michael Goldman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Tommy Lee Jones performance is superb and the Southern US atmosphere is really genuine but the story is just made overcomplicated and disappointing."}, {"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A woman is found murdered in the swamp somewhere in the south. A brutal murder, quite possibly a serial killer. A policeman is investigating, and  while he does that, another body is found, but this one nothing but bones. This guy (a black guy) was killed 40 years ago, and the policeman suddenly remembers that he saw this murder happening when he was a kid. There doesn't seem to be any sort of connection between the murders, except the man investigating both of them.\r\n\r\nTommy Lee Jones plays the old cop who investigates the murders in the swamp. He is a man fighting his own demons, meaning mostly alcohol, but clearly the death of this black guy has also haunted him for 40 years. He wants justice to be served, but is not willing to do whatever it takes, at least not in the beginning.\r\n\r\nThis movie is not the most exciting crime movie out there. One thing that makes it stand out from most of them, though, is that it doesn't want to trick us. From the beginning, we know where the plot is going, we just need to follow it all the way to the end and see the ends being tied together. The story is ok, solid, but what really makes this thriller different is the characters and the pace. It is not afraid to slow down the pace and gives us a look into the people who live here, and those visiting. I especially liked the element introduced with Elrod Sykes and Kelly Drummond, two movie stars down here shooting a movie. By the way, it is Elrod who finds the old bones while taking a piss. The confrontations between a drunken Elrod and a sober Dave (the cop), are brilliant and really gives this movie a lot of heart.\r\n\r\nI also want to mention the music in this movie. It is there, but doesn't overshadow the images and plot, and most importantly, it has a very unique rhythm, like a beating heart, that drives us forward together with Dave Robicheaux. You notice it, but you don't notice it, if you know what I mean. Brilliant.\r\n\r\n_Last words... don't expect this movie to offer you gore and violence. Sure, people die, but you never actually see any sickly images. That's not the story it wants to tell, it wants to give you an insight into a man, a man that isn't so different from you and I._"}], "recommandations_id": [8053, 6973, 4911, 19457]}