{"tmdb_id": 140300, "title": "Kung Fu Panda 3", "original_title": "Kung Fu Panda 3", "slug_title": "kung-fu-panda-3", "date": "2016-01-23", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Po avait toujours cru son p\u00e8re panda disparu, mais le voil\u00e0 qui r\u00e9apparait ! Enfin r\u00e9unis, p\u00e8re et fils vont voyager jusqu'au paradis secret du peuple panda. Ils y feront la connaissance de certains de leurs semblables, tous plus d\u00e9jant\u00e9s les uns que les autres. Mais lorsque le mal\u00e9fique Ka\u00ef d\u00e9cide de s'attaquer aux plus grands ma\u00eetres de kung-fu \u00e0 travers toute la Chine, Po va devoir r\u00e9ussir l'impossible : transformer tout un village de pandas maladroits et rigolards en experts des arts martiaux, les redoutables Kung-Fu Pandas !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/86HluKAzMt06LuR2oqHDh3bNAJB.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Black (Po (voice))", "Bryan Cranston (Li (voice))", "Dustin Hoffman (Shifu (voice))", "Angelina Jolie (Tigress (voice))", "J.K. Simmons (Kai (voice))", "Jackie Chan (Monkey (voice))", "Seth Rogen (Mantis (voice))", "Lucy Liu (Viper (voice))", "David Cross (Crane (voice))", "Kate Hudson (Mei Mei (voice))", "James Hong (Mr. Ping (voice))", "Randall Duk Kim (Oogway (voice))", "Steele Gagnon (Bao (voice))", "Liam Knight (Lei Lei (voice))", "Wayne Knight (Big Fun / Hom-Lee (voice))", "Barbara Dirickson (Grandma Panda (voice))", "Al Roker (Sum (voice))", "Willie Geist (Dim (voice))", "Fred Tatasciore (Master Bear (voice))", "Pax Jolie-Pitt (Yoo (voice))", "Kelly Cooney (Female Palace Goose (voice))", "Stephen Kearin (Master Chicken (voice))", "Mick Wingert (Farmer Goose / Farmer Rabbit (voice))", "Ming Tsai (Ming (voice))", "April Hong (Mrs. Chow (voice))", "Knox Jolie-Pitt (Ku Ku (voice))", "Zahara Jolie-Pitt (Meng Meng (voice))", "Shiloh Jolie-Pitt (Shuai Shuai (voice))", "Jean-Claude Van Damme (Master Croc (voice))", "Radzi Chinyanganya (Mi (voice))", "Lindsey Russell (Peony (voice))", "Joseph Izzo (Dumpling Record Pig (voice))", "Lena Golia (Cheering Bunny (voice))", "Gus Culligan (Panda Villager Kid (voice))", "Bridget Hoffman (ADR Group (voice))", "Hope Levy (ADR Group (voice))", "Scott Menville (ADR Group (voice))", "Edie Mirman (ADR Group (voice))", "Michelle Ruff (ADR Group (voice))", "Marcelo Tubert (ADR Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wong", "content": "Kung Fu Panda 3 does not disappoint. It has great animation, great music, and a great story. We loved it. My son, who is 9, enjoyed the story and thought the movie was very funny. The panda theme was adorable as pandas are cute animals. Also, the scary guy wasn't that scary - and was more funny. Jack Black is hilarious and everyone in the theater was laughing. There were some sad moments and some happy moments but you leave the theater feeling uplifted. If you like action movies, you will like this because many things explode but there is no gore. The colors of the film are quite beautiful and lush. Go see it! You will enjoy it. Take your kids."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> This time no Skadoosh, but Chi time.\r\n\r\nThree successful films in an animation franchise is a great achievement and according to the production house, yet another 3 films are going to hit the screens in a decade of time. So if you are an animation fan, especially 'Kung Fu Panda' and Po's fan, brace yourself for the future treats. This film was amazing. After two wonderful adventures, now this story has calmed down a bit with simplicity. Visually, it was spectacular with all those fight sequences, but the story was quite dramatised with enough comedies and then the final battle to conclude the 3rd installment on a high note.\r\n\r\nI think it was a well designed storyline in advance keeping in mind 5 to 6 films, that's why the flow was very smooth between all the three with those flashbacks placed at the right place. This particular part belongs to Pandas, the furious five were absent in most of the film, but good to see the return of Oogway. The master Oogway comes at the beginning and then during the end, though very happy for presence as he's my favourite character in this franchise. He's not a big player, but like Yoda, he's amazing and tell me who won't like him.\r\n\r\nThis time no Skadoosh, but a new villain with a battle fought for a new powerful thing called Chi. Now Po got a promotion, so I'm very excited for the next film for how it will going to turn out. This is a beautiful family film and must not miss it. All the cast was returned from the previous two and a few more new were recruited and it is set in a new location for the most of the narration like the most of the animations has done in China. After all made in China is not so bad.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Kung Fu Panda 3 is about what you would expect. A roller coaster ride of gags, goof ups and outrageous martial art outbursts.\r\n\r\nPo is himself, clumsy, na\u00efve, martial arts master and funny. As usual he is accompanied by his friends from the previous movies including the somewhat reluctant Shifu. The wise turtle Oogway from the first Kung Fu Panda is back as well, kind of.\r\n\r\nNaturally there is a big bad villain, General Kai, who it turns out have some past relations to Oogway. General Kai is pretty good as a villain with a suitable maniacal expression on his face. Then of course, a bull in itself is already projecting bad temper and violence so it is a good start.\r\n\r\nThe main story is of course about defeating General Kai but Po\u2019s reunification with his (real) father and the rest of the, funny and very clumsy, inhabitants in the Panda village is taking up a large part of the movie.\r\n\r\nIn general the story is quite nice with some nice twists.\r\n\r\nIt should come as no surprise that Po, as usual, saves the day in a cataclysmic showdown with General Kai. There are some great animation effects in the final battle.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the day this is a quite recommendable family movie."}], "recommandations_id": [49444, 9502, 278154, 153518]}