{"tmdb_id": 14072, "title": "\u0930\u092c \u0928\u0947 \u092c\u0928\u093e \u0926\u0940 \u091c\u094b\u0921\u093c\u0940", "original_title": "\u0930\u092c \u0928\u0947 \u092c\u0928\u093e \u0926\u0940 \u091c\u094b\u0921\u093c\u0940", "slug_title": "rb-ne-bnaa-dii-joddii", "date": "2008-12-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Surinder Sahni, employ\u00e9 consciencieux de la Compagnie d'\u00e9lectricit\u00e9 du Punjab, est invit\u00e9 par un de ses anciens professeurs au mariage de sa fille, Taani. Le tr\u00e8s raisonnable mais tr\u00e8s ennuyeux Surinder est imm\u00e9diatement conquis par la joie et la vivacit\u00e9 de la jeune femme. Apprenant la mort accidentelle du futur mari\u00e9, le vieux professeur a une attaque cardiaque. \u00c0 l'agonie et craignant de laisser sa fille seule, il fait promettre \u00e0 Surinder et \u00e0 Taani de se marier. Le mariage a lieu \u00e0 la h\u00e2te, et le jeune couple s'installe dans la modeste maison de Surinder dans la banlieue d'Amritsar. Celui-ci, sans oser le lui dire, est tr\u00e8s amoureux de sa jeune \u00e9pouse mais n'est pas pay\u00e9 en retour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jV06qgsXfLwhU0JQbfirhRcEFxS.jpg", "actors": ["Shah Rukh Khan (Surinder Sahni)", "Vinay Pathak (Balwinder Khosla)", "Anushka Sharma (Taani)", "M. K. Raina (Taani's Father)", "Manmeet Singh (Raju Mechanic)", "Areez Gandhi (Emcee at Dance Competition Finale)", "Isha Koppikar (Dance Master)", "Richa Pallod (Dance Instructor)", "Kajol (Special Appearance in  \"Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte\"  Song)", "Rani Mukerji (Special Appearance in  \"Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte\"  Song)", "Preity Zinta (Special Appearance in  \"Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte\"  Song)", "Lara Dutta (Special Appearance in  \"Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte\"  Song)", "Bipasha Basu (Special Appearance in  \"Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte\"  Song)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheTenth", "content": "Surinder (Shah Rukh Khan), a 40+ shy guy, comes to visit his professor. His daughter Taani (Anushka Sharma) is soon to be married, the father presents him as his favourite student, but as a young energetic woman she doesn't even see him. Tragedy strikes as the future husband is killed in a car accident. The father is devastated and sent to the hospital. He asks for Surinder and Taani and makes them promise to get married so that she is taken care of by someone he trusts. Taani comes to live with Surinder but barely speaks a word to him, despite his extreme gentleness and attempts to make her laugh. One day she comes on an advertisement for dance lessons. She asks Surinder to do it. He doesn't care about it at first, then accepts. He sees improvement in her mood, but she doesn't open to him. He then disguises to get into the dance lessons, but the school gets into a dance competition and couples are (randomly?) chosen.\r\n\r\nI saw maybe 300 Bollywood movies, most being romantic comedies. This one begins as a drama, then the mood gets lighter as the movie goes on. The characters are very likeable from the start, and the story development is mostly slow to allow to know them better. The scenery is only the small town they live in, so nothing fancy there, only the dance course is somewhat more colored, and improves a bit as the tension grows.\r\n\r\nBut what makes the movie is the stunning performance of SRK, playing both a shy guy in a strange situation and the bold dancer trying to warm Taani's heart. And Anushka Sharma (in her first role) is totally stunning, she plays this broken young woman in such a moving way, either very sad, a bit angry, lost among other people ...\r\nA special sequence with lots of guests (Kajol, Rani, Bipasha, Lara Dutta ...) brings a happy moment.\r\nVery recommended."}], "recommandations_id": [8079, 14134, 17501, 132316]}