{"tmdb_id": 140822, "title": "When a wolf falls in love with a sheep", "original_title": "\u5927\u91ce\u72fc\u548c\u5c0f\u7dbf\u7f8a\u7684\u611b\u60c5", "slug_title": "when-a-wolf-falls-in-love-with-a-sheep", "date": "2012-11-08", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8wRw7szKKPkaksrQQPsLVxSuNsi.jpg", "actors": ["Kai Ko (Wolf/Tung)", "Bryan Shu-Hao Chang (Chiang Shuo-tao)", "Guo Shu-Yao (Tsui Pao Pao)", "Tsai Chen-Nan (Photocopy shop boss)", "Lu Ting-Wei (Fried Rice Man)", "Peggy Tseng Pei-Yu (Fried Rice Man's ex-girlfriend)", "Jian Man-shu (Hsiao Yang)", "Nikki Hsieh (Tsai Yi-ying, Tung's ex-girlfriend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "This little Taiwanese movie was very stylish. The title would definitely seduce and invite those who love romantic-comedies. The same way I managed successfully and more importantly, I liked it very much. Someway the title also reminds me the Korean anime 'Stormy Night'. This was my second movie from the director. A lot different than the first movie, but nothing short in initiating creative ideas to present story in a style.\r\n\r\nIt was a simple love story with an extraordinary exhibition of the film contents. The opening was so fast, you may need some time to get in and pick up the current situation in story narration. It kind of confuses us, especially those who are depending on the subtitle because of the presentation with the stop- motion mode. Soon after you will be well set to enjoy the rest of the voyage.\r\n\r\n> ''Count 1 to 100, if it does not appear, it will never do.''\r\n\r\nI think the guy from 'You are the Apple of my Eye' enthusiastic to find his apple in this movie as well. A lot has improved from the earlier and his performance looks so promising that he can stay longer in this business. Opposite to him the 'One Day' girl did not stay long, sad because it was a lot like a cameo appearance. But the other chick who was the main lead was hypnotized me with her great performance and by her look.\r\n\r\nThere are many things that can be praised, but when it comes to the flaws, not many except the clich\u00e9 at the end. Actually, it was well handled that can please you overall. If you notice, this movie was not widespread and not rated better. I'd say it again this movie is for die-hard romedy fans and probably for lads and lasses. A good entertainer as we ask for and that's enough for a few people like me to have a variety of movies from the different parts of the world."}], "recommandations_id": []}