{"tmdb_id": 141058, "title": "Drakkar", "original_title": "A Viking Saga: The Darkest Day", "slug_title": "drakkar", "date": "2013-06-10", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Thriller", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "An de Gr\u00e2ce 793. La Grande Bretagne est ravag\u00e9e par les Vikings, qui pillent et d\u00e9truisent tout sur leur passage. Ils sont \u00e0 la recherche du Livre Sacr\u00e9 de Lindisfarne dont la possession leur permettrait de soumettre d\u00e9finitivement la r\u00e9gion. Seul survivant de l\u2019attaque de son monast\u00e8re, Hereward se voit confier la mission de mettre en lieu s\u00fbr le manuscrit, portant ainsi sur ses fr\u00eales \u00e9paules l\u2019espoir de son peuple. Mais les Vikings ne comptent pas laisser \u00e9chapper leur d\u00fb\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vC8alno1pirscBCJYWpDxHg2W4x.jpg", "actors": ["Elen Rhys (Eara)", "Mark Lewis Jones (Aethelwulf)", "Gary Mavers (Drengr)", "Marc Pickering (Hereward)", "Michael Jibson (Hamal)", "Ioan Hefin (Ambushing Bowman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Anglo-Saxon believers vs. Viking \u201cdevils\u201d in the haunting woods of Britain\r\n\r\nThe Viking era lasted roughly 300 years from about 790 to the Norman Conquest of England in 1066. The word \u2018Viking\u2019 comes from the Old English wicing, meaning pirate. The Vikings were Norse plunderers from what is modern-day Norway and Denmark who preferred to prey upon undefended rich monasteries in Britain and nearby regions. Their speedy longships gave them terrifying mobility. By the time an army was raised against them they had moved on to other raids.\r\n\r\nI bring this up to point out that the supposedly mighty Vikings were not noble warriors, but rather lowly brigands who preferred weak, defenseless victims. \u201cA Viking Saga: Decision Day\u201d (2013) drives this home and details a Viking raid on a monastery (mostly off-screen) and the subsequent pursuit through the haunting grey woods as the Viking chieftain seeks a priceless holy book in the possession of two monks who escaped the monastery.\r\n\r\nThe sluggish, grim tone is akin to that of \u201cValhalla Rising\u201d (2009), but I slightly prefer this one due to the potent theme, which addresses the folly of absolute pacifism vs. the wisdom of limited pacifism. The former stupefying-ly refuses to resort to physical violence under any conditions whereas the latter resorts to violence only when necessary and justified. The young simpering monk in the movie, Hereward (Marc Pickering), represents the view of absolute pacifism while the noble warrior, Aethelwulf (Mark Lewis Jones), represents limited pacifism.\r\n\r\nThe monks adhered to the gross misunderstanding that revolves around Christ' teaching to \"turn the cheek.\" The Messiah was referring to a backhanded slap to the face, which was an insult in that culture. In other words, we could all save ourselves a lot of trouble in life if we learn to ignore the antagonism of various morons who would like to divert our focus and ruin our day. The Old Testament teaches this as well: \"A fool shows his annoyance at once, but a prudent man overlooks an insult\" (Proverbs 12:16). So Christ was talking about giving an antagonist a break for the sake of peace in situations of personal offense; he was NOT referring to cases of criminal atrocities, which is what Viking raiders were guilty of committing. After all, why else do you think Christ allowed his disciples to carry swords, as chronicled in the Gospels?\r\n\r\nThe bible says that governments are \"God's servants\" for good in the sense that they protect citizens from criminals and their military protects the people from foreign attack; in short, they \"bear the sword,\" meaning that they possess the power to punish and even execute criminals or foreign raiders when justified (see Romans 13:1-6). Relating this to the movie, the monks were the government of their area and they in essence \"bore the sword.\" As such, they would be perfectly justified in annihilating the Norse thugs from the face of the earth. It\u2019s a lesson Hereward needs to learn IF he and his remaining loved ones are to survive.\r\n\r\nOne last thing: Someone commented on how the Vikings are effectively depicted as diabolical fiends, which is true to a point. They\u2019re also portrayed as mere men, who can be slain as easily as any other. This was a good call by the director in light of how Vikings are often depicted in a mythical super-heroic manner, which is light-years from the truth. They were wretched human pillagers, brutal murderers and sadistic rapists who deserved slain on sight. Speaking of which, the movie poster (and DVD cover) is thoroughly misleading and the clueless producer(s) responsible should be shot (not literally).\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 28 minutes and was shot in Neath Port Talbot area in South Wales, Britain. The UK production reportedly only cost around $132,000, but you wouldn\u2019t know that from viewing the movie; it looks more like a $2 million production.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [100542, 293894, 226672, 385363]}