{"tmdb_id": 141043, "title": "Up & Down", "original_title": "A Long Way Down", "slug_title": "up-down", "date": "2014-03-20", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "A Londres, la nuit du Nouvel An, quatre personnes d\u00e9\u00e7ues par leur vie sont d\u00e9cid\u00e9es \u00e0 en finir et se retrouvent sur le toit du m\u00eame immeuble.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vIa83hicQj1ZFDG2bWfZaoUoa2e.jpg", "actors": ["Pierce Brosnan (Martin Sharp)", "Aaron Paul (J.J. Maguire)", "Imogen Poots (Jess Crichton)", "Toni Collette (Maureen Thompson)", "Sam Neill (Chris Crichton)", "Rosamund Pike (Penny Chambers)", "Tuppence Middleton (Kathy Miller)", "Joe Cole (Chas Johnson)", "Josef Altin (Matty Thompson)", "Zara White (Shanay)", "Shola Adewusi (Gladys)", "Diana Kent (Hope)", "Leo Bill (Dr. Stephens)", "Enrique Arce (Angelo)", "Christos Tolera (Paolo)", "Honey Epstein (Maisie)", "Ilan Goodman (Airline Steward)", "Priyanga Burford (Reporter)", "Evelyn Duah (Nurse)", "Therese Bradley (Nurse 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "A dark comedy movie from the Britain which was partially based on a novel of the same name. The second movie together for the rising stars Imogen Poots and Aaron Paul after 'Need for Speed'. The trailer was one of the reasons I watch this movie. It created an interest in me for some uniqueness in its theme. But in the end when I watched the movie now it did not last much longer.\r\n\r\nUsually movies will have best shots for last parts, but here it came very early. The opening scene was the movie's highlight, get off with the fun and then while advancement it slowly died. The concept was really a good one, the story created around it was not. I expected twists and turns in last parts that never came. So, in the end it became a simple and the usual entertaining movie.\r\n\r\n\r\nAll the actors were good, but their characters were not convinced enough. The developments were to blame because all the four main characters were not exposed well on the screen about some of the mysteries of their earlier stages. I mean the story talks about each of them's difficulties they recently went through and 50% of them remained unexplained phenomena. Like, what was the Aaron Paul's real problems and about Imogen Poots little sister etc.\r\n\r\nBeside all these flaws, there's little enjoyments. Toni Collette and Pierce Brosnan's roles were made sense and blended well with the concept. But when it comes to performances all the four were equally good. Overall, a fine subject was wasted for not that good story. Yes, a little let down movie, should have been a better. I don't know the book, maybe they should have adapted it straight without changing much. A decent movie to watch and no guarantee of satisfactory because differ from people to people.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [206821, 239678, 138222, 289727]}