{"tmdb_id": 14117, "title": "Calamity Jane", "original_title": "Calamity Jane", "slug_title": "calamity-jane", "date": "1953-11-04", "genre": "Action / Musique / Western", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "La vie et l'histoire de Calamity Jane, de son saloon \u00e0 son histoire d'amour avec Wild Bill Hickok.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gn8J4QeNVjLn5Mo1QTQQJ3fLQWs.jpg", "actors": ["Doris Day (Calamity Jane)", "Howard Keel (Wild Bill Hickok)", "Allyn Ann McLerie (Katie Brown)", "Philip Carey (Lieutenant Danny Gilmartin)", "Dick Wesson (Francis Fryer)", "Paul Harvey (Henry Miller)", "Chubby Johnson (Rattlesnake)", "Gale Robbins (Adelaid Adams)", "Colin Kenny (Chicagoan (uncredited))", "Billy Bletcher (Prospector)", "Bess Flowers (Officer's Wife in Reception Line)", "Frank McLure (Officer at Fort Dance)", "Bert Stevens (Man at Fort Dance)", "Arthur Tovey (Wedding Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "As fizzy as a Sarsparilla.\r\n\r\nCalamity Jane is directed by David Butler and written by James O'Hanlon. It stars Doris Day, Howard Keel, Allyn Ann McLerie, Phillip Carey & Dick Wesson. The score features music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Paul Francis Webster. Out of Warner Brothers, the film is seen as a response to the success of MGM's production of Annie Get Your Gun in 1950, where Keel was also starring. Plot here is loosely based on the life of Wild West heroine Calamity Jane (Day) and explores the relationship between Wild Bill Hickok (Keel) and herself. \r\n\r\nI guess the first thing that should be said is that this is no biography of one Martha Jane Cannary Burke (AKA: Calamity Jane), In truth this is more a comedy musical romp built around the famous frontiers woman. And with it being very basic on narrative and direction, this really only appeals to the film fan with musical leanings. But on that score the film is delightful, with spirited lead performances from Day & Keel and a handful of truly great tunes headed by the Oscar winning \"Secret Love\". The film also earns some bonus points for giving Day the chance to play something other than the naive innocent girl next door type (it was a personal favourite role of hers). She gets to be spunky and brash without ever losing that adorable appeal that carried her throughout her career. The play on sexual stereotypes is rather humorous without being twee, something that you feel Butler was under appreciated for, and Wilfred M. Cline's colour photography enhances the playfulness of it all. \r\n\r\nSeen now as a feminist fantasy with a gay following thanks to \"Secret Love\", there's no denying the film is all very Hollywoodized; with characters so animated they could burst. But all told, if one is able to forgive and see past its flaws then it's a film guaranteed to light up the darkest of wintry days. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40894, 40633, 19414, 4952]}