{"tmdb_id": 1412, "title": "Sexe, mensonges et vid\u00e9o", "original_title": "sex, lies, and videotape", "slug_title": "sexe-mensonges-et-video", "date": "1989-08-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Graham Dalton collectionne les interviews video de femmes qui racontent sans embages leur vie sexuelle. De retour dans sa ville natale il retrouve un ancien copain de fac qui a \"reussi\" et sa femme. Cette rencontre va avoir pour tous des consequences surprenantes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kOXATYKziiKmoMxgKA10JOO13JZ.jpg", "actors": ["Andie MacDowell (Ann Bishop Mullany)", "Peter Gallagher (John Mullany)", "James Spader (Graham Dalton)", "Laura San Giacomo (Cynthia Bishop)", "Ron Vawter (Therapist)", "Steven Brill (Barfly)", "Alexandra Root (Girl on Tape)", "Earl T. Taylor (Landlord)", "David Foil (John's Colleague)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "William", "content": "This is about the most nonsexual movie I have ever seen with the word sex in the title. This is worse than a watered down romance novel. The story was very boring and uninspired. I personally find all the actors/actresses unattractive and there is no chemistry. On top of this being a flat film, it contains absolutely no nudity. This would be fine for the majority of movies but with a name like Sex, Lies and Videotape, one would expect at least brief nudity. Anyways, complete waste of time."}], "recommandations_id": [695, 7452, 11562, 10403], "youtube_key": "rxdQQpJ9t-4"}