{"tmdb_id": 14135, "title": "Bad Boy Bubby", "original_title": "Bad Boy Bubby", "slug_title": "bad-boy-bubby", "date": "1993-09-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Bubby, 35 ans, vit enferm\u00e9 dans un taudis depuis sa naissance et ne conna\u00eet rien d'autre. Sa propre m\u00e8re le s\u00e9questre en lui faisant croire que l\u2019air ext\u00e9rieur est empoisonn\u00e9. Elle le maintient \u00e0 un \u00e9tat infantile, le terrorise en lui parlant de Dieu, le bat ou lui fait l'amour au gr\u00e9 de son humeur. Lorsque le p\u00e8re de Bubby revient de mani\u00e8re impromptu, l\u2019univers et la place de l\u2019homme enfant est bouscul\u00e9. Il tue ses parents et s\u2019aventure dans le monde ext\u00e9rieur, tout en agressions sonores et physiques. Ne ma\u00eetrisant pas le langage, il reproduit tous les mots, gestes et sons qu\u2019il per\u00e7oit. Un jour, il rencontre un groupe de rock qui se prend d'affection pour lui et l'emm\u00e8ne sur la route. Un soir de concert, il rejoint le groupe sur sc\u00e8ne et s'empare du micro. Tout ce qu\u2019il a pu entendre va ressortir dans un flot ininterrompu. Il devient une rock star culte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tvipR7aVSsAbdfMlR4sbEqD1Pgd.jpg", "actors": ["Nicholas Hope (Bubby)", "Ralph Cotterill (Pop)", "Claire Benito (Mum)", "Syd Brisbane (Yobbo)", "Ullie Birve (Robbed Woman)", "Natalie Carr (Cherie the Salvo)", "Celine O'Leary (Woman in Mercedes)", "Carmel Johnson (Angel)", "Grant Piro (Salesman)", "Audine Leith (Fondled Salvo)", "Lucia Mastrantone (Pizza Waitress)", "Nikki Price (Screaming Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Arrrrrrrach", "content": "We see the world through the eyes of a childlike man who has been imprisoned in a squalid house since birth, ignorant of and terrified by stories of the outside and completely reliant on his mother, who beats and makes love to him. We see him forced into the outside world by the return of his parasitic and presumably itinerant father, who wants his place in the home again.   This childlike man, Bubby, realises that the outside world is not what he was made to believe it is and so begins his voyage of discovery.\r\n\r\nThrough Bubby's eyes we can see a (slightly crazy) city from a naive perspective and it is this sense of wonder and discovery that defines the film.  Bubby is not a clean slate, though.  His past is extremely messed up and this is never forgotten in his characterisation.  So he gets frustrated and angry as well as joyous and excited.  The acting is phenomenal, it really is.  This ain't Forest Gump, not to knock that film but this is next level documtary footage tier.\r\n\r\nThere's not much of a plot other than Bubby goes from A to Z via every stop along the way.  He finds love and learns that it is all.  There are a couple of incredibly touching scenes that are genuinely beautiful and, as far as I can tell, not acted.  It's a very philosophical film and explicitly encourages an open and critical mind in several scenes,   \r\n\r\nAn incredible masterpiece in my eyes, with many unforgettable scenes and several that you will not have seen the likeness of before."}], "recommandations_id": [39995, 1479, 39899, 39883], "youtube_key": "YXZ4u2ZVWOc"}