{"tmdb_id": 14168, "title": "3H10 Pour Yuma", "original_title": "3:10 to Yuma", "slug_title": "3h10-pour-yuma", "date": "1957-08-07", "genre": ["Drame / Western"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le criminel Ben Wade est captur\u00e9 dans une petitte ville. Cela n'empeche pas son gang de s\u00e9vir, mais on persuade Dan Evans, un eleveur, de convoyer en secret le dangereux hors-la-loi (et d\u00e9sormais prisonnier), par le train de Yuma pour une prime et l'estime de son fils. Tr\u00e8s vite se met en place une guerre des nerfs alors que les deux attendent le train dans un hotel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nyyemW49MCCvxIvX1PslAgKnZmd.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Ben Wade)", "Van Heflin (Dan Evans)", "Felicia Farr (Emmy)", "Leora Dana (Mrs. Alice Evans)", "Henry Jones (Alex Potter, town drunk)", "Richard Jaeckel (Charlie Prince)", "Robert Emhardt (Mr. Butterfield, Stage Line Owner)", "Sheridan Comerate (Bob Moons (Stagedriver's Brother))", "George Mitchell (Bartender)", "Robert Ellenstein (Ernie Collins)", "Ford Rainey (Bisbee Marshal)", "Dorothy Adams (Mrs. Potter (uncredited))", "Jimmie Booth (Wade Henchman (uncredited))", "John L. Cason (Wade Henchman (uncredited))", "Richard Devon (Wade Henchman (uncredited))", "Joe Haworth (Wade Henchman (uncredited))", "Robert 'Buzz' Henry (Wade Henchman (uncredited))", "Danny Borzage (Townsman (uncredited))", "Frank Hagney (Townsman in Contention (uncredited))", "Woody Chambliss (Blacksmith (uncredited))", "Barry Curtis (Mathew Evans (uncredited))", "Jerry Hartleben (Mark Evans (uncredited))", "Bill Hale (Dave Keene (uncredited))", "Tex Holden (One-Legged Man (uncredited))", "Boyd Stockman (Bill Moons (uncredited))", "Guy Teague (Orin Keene (uncredited))", "Guy Wilkerson (Hotel Proprietor-Bartender (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Room 207 and the 3:10 To Yuma.\r\n\r\nVan Heflin plays rancher Dan Evans whose family and livelihood is at breaking point due to a devastating drought. Needing money fast, Evans gets thrown a financial lifeline when a reward is offered to escort a recently captured outlaw, Ben Wade (Glenn Ford), on to the 3:10 train to Yuma prison. But as Wade's gang closes in to free the shackled outlaw, and the clock starts to tick down, Evans finds himself torn between a sense of social duty and an easy option courtesy of Wade's mind game offer.\r\n\r\nBased on a story by Elmore Leonard, this is a tight and tense Western that harks to the wonderful High Noon five years earlier. Directed by Delmer Daves, 3:10 to Yuma sees two of the Western genre's most undervalued performers come together in perfect contrast. Heflin's Evans is honest, almost saintly; but ultimately filling out his life with dullness and too much of a safe approach. Ford's Wade is the other side of the coin, ruthless (the opening sequence sets it up), handsome and very self-confident. This coupling makes for an interesting story-one that thankfully delivers royally on its set-up. As Wade's gang closes in, led by a sleek and mean Richard Jaeckel, Wade toys with Evans, offering him financial gain and gnawing away at him about his abilities as a husband, the tension is palpable in the extreme. Nothing is ever certain until the credits role, and that is something that is never to be sniffed at in the Western genre.\r\n\r\nThe comparison with High Noon is a fair one because 3:10 to Yuma also deals with the man alone scenario. A man left alone to deal with his adversaries and his own conscience; money or pride indeed. Daves' direction is gritty and suitably claustrophobic, with close ups either being erotically charged {watch out for Felicia Farr's scenes with Ford in the saloon} or tightly wound in room 207 of the hotel; where Heflin & Ford positively excel. His outdoor work, aided by Charles Lawton Jr's photography, also hits the spot, particularly the barren land desperate for water to invigorate it. While the piece also has a tremendous George Duning theme song warbled (and whistled by Ford in the film) by Frankie Laine. Great acting, great direction and a great involving story; essential for fans of character driven Westerns. 8.5/10\r\n\r\nFootnote: The film was very well remade in 2007 with two of the modern era's finest leading men, Russell Crowe & Christian Bale, in the dual roles of Ben & Dan respectively. One hopes, and likes to think, that they remade it purely because it was such a great premise to work from. Because Daves' film didn't need improving, it was, and still is, a great film showcasing how great this often maligned genre can sometimes be."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A top 50\u2019s Western with Glenn Ford only held back by the B&W photography\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1957 and directed by Delmer Daves, \"3:10 to Yuma\u201d is a Western about a struggling Arizona rancher, Dan Evans (Van Heflin), who has no choice but to hire-on as an escort of dangerous, but charismatic outlaw, Ben Wade (Glenn Ford). Wade proceeds to employ psychological manipulation in order to corrupt the righteous family man and escape.\r\n\r\nThis is a quality psychological Western from the 50s, only held back by the B&W photography. The Arizona landscapes are spectacular but they\u2019re all for naught due to this flat B&W presentation. Nevertheless, the story & characters are great. The mind games Wade plays with Evans keeps things interesting. Felicia Farr, the hottie from Glenn Ford\u2019s excellent \u201cJubal\u201d (1956) is on hand as a bartender who has a thang for bad boys. I\u2019m not complaining about her role, but it\u2019s a tad unlikely that such a smoking hot woman would be alone for too long in the Old West where there were twenty times more men than women.   \r\n\r\nMost old Western theme songs are hopelessly hokey, e.g. \u201cNorth to Alaska\u201d (1960) (a great Western), but the one here sung by Frankie Laine is very good. I like it when words that don't rhyme are made to rhyme in a song: \"There's a legend and a ruma', when you take the 3:10 to Yuma.\"\r\n\r\nThe 2007 remake with Christian Bale and Russell Crowe in the Evans/Wade roles takes the template of this film and makes a superior Western with more action and deeper themes, not to mention IN COLOR. \r\n                   \r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in Arizona (Old Tucson,, Contention City, Sedona, etc.) and the studio ranch in Burbank, California. WRITERS: Halsted Welles (screenplay) and Elmore Leonard (story). \r\n \r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [14551, 14638, 14554, 19119], "youtube_key": "GUMHAvXG4zg"}