{"tmdb_id": 14219, "title": "Skinwalkers", "original_title": "Skinwalkers", "slug_title": "skinwalkers", "date": "2006-03-20", "genre": "Fantastique / Action / Horreur", "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Deux gangs de loups-garous sont inform\u00e9s par la lune qu'une ancienne proph\u00e9tie va bient\u00f4t se r\u00e9aliser. Un jeune gar\u00e7on nomm\u00e9 Timothy, qui va bient\u00f4t f\u00eater ses 13 ans, n'est pas au courant que cet anniversaire marquera sa transformation. Timothy a \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9lev\u00e9 par sa m\u00e8re, Rachel, sa grand-m\u00e8re, son oncle Jonas, sa cousin Katherine et le petit ami de celle-ci, Adam. Rachel et son fils ne savent pas que le reste des membres de la famille sont de bons loups-garous qui veillent sur Timothy depuis sa naissance. Timothy, n\u00e9 d'une union entre des membres des deux gangs de loups-garous, d\u00e9terminera le destin de la famille: Varek, Zo et Sonya, leaders du gang oppos\u00e9 qui c\u00e9l\u00e8brent leur condition et leur soif de sang, sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 tuer pour pr\u00e9server leur vie, et d\u00e9termin\u00e9s \u00e0 trouver Timothy, qu'ils consid\u00e8rent comme un des leurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3dmH2j1iCcWrID2hsr5JhH8M2LF.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Behr (Varek)", "Elias Koteas (Jonas)", "Rhona Mitra (Rachel Talbot)", "Natassia Malthe (Sonja)", "Kim Coates (Zo)", "Sarah Carter (Katherine)", "Tom Jackson (Will)", "Matthew Knight (Timothy Talbot)", "Shawn Roberts (Adam Kilmer)", "Lyriq Bent (Doak)", "Ramona Pringle (Nurse Sally)", "Everton Lawrence (Paramedic)", "Jessica Huras (Bar Girl)", "David Sparrow (Manny the Butcher)", "Carl Marotte (Sheriff John)", "Wendy Crewson (Female Leader)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SoapboxQuantez08", "content": "Skinwalkers is simply superb. \r\nThe late Stan Winston (creature-makeup wizard) was acquired for this film. That's right folks, these aren't CGI werewolves, they're the real thing. Well, you know what I mean.\r\n\r\nElias Koteas (you might remember him from The Prophecy) stars as Jonas Talbot, uncle of the prophesized 12-year-old who's destiny is to become a werewolf-cure on the eve of his 13th birthday. There are many shoot-outs for a werewolf film, to the point where the director said that it was \"shot as a western\". In _the shooting at Huguenot_, the tranquility preceding the chaos is as described in The Professional (in other words, there's a \"peaceful little moment before the storm\").\r\n\r\nThere are many unique elements to this film, such as a falcon that seeks out the kid's presence for the _villainous_ skinwalkers (the ones who prefer death over a cure).\r\n\r\nThroughout the film, it's unclear how the kid is supposed to be a werewolf-fix, but imo, the twist at the end is quite clever and grounded in reality. So if you like originality, suspense, and Natassia Malthe in a biker top, you might want to check this one out, per se. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1872, 10854, 11380, 30685]}