{"tmdb_id": 142118, "title": "The Storage", "original_title": "Varasto", "slug_title": "the-storage", "date": "2011-12-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Antero Rousku is a storeman in a paint store. His job requires raw muscle power, mixing paints and carrying house repair materials around to earn his daily bread. But the basic salary is not enough for Rousku. He also sells a lot of stuff on the side from the storeroom directly to Jylh\u00e4korpi, a frequent visitor, bypassing company bookkeeping. Rousku's colleague in the cellar storeroom is Raninen whose life consists of work, quarreling with his wife, and lottery. Raninen wants to win the main prize but he wants to have the right numbers in exactly the order in which they appear from the lottery machine. Raninen is not the sharpest pencil in the pencil box. Rousku's freedom is threatened by his relationship to the saleswoman Karita. Rousku wants to keep a distance to the woman except in bed. Karita has decided otherwise.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4GMiwU6rspUbhbA4uDZmOyGef4f.jpg", "actors": ["Kari-Pekka Toivonen (Antero Rousku)", "Minttu Mustakallio (Karita)", "Aku Hirviniemi (Raninen)", "Esko Salminen (Kataja)", "Juha Muje (store manager)", "Vesa Vierikko (Jylh\u00e4korpi)", "Tomi Lauri (Rofa, deliveryman)", "Hannele Lauri (Karita's mother)", "Vesa-Matti Loiri (Mynttinen)", "Jope Ruonansuu (Yk\u00e4)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [54356, 51038, 60678, 55415], "youtube_key": "notfound"}