{"tmdb_id": 14223, "title": "Wind Chill", "original_title": "Wind Chill", "slug_title": "wind-chill", "date": "2007-04-27", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Pendant les vacances de No\u00ebl, deux \u00e9tudiants empruntent un raccourci sur une route de campagne enneig\u00e9e. La voiture d\u00e9rape et c'est l'accident. Tous deux se trouvent bloqu\u00e9s dans le v\u00e9hicule. Au cours d'une longue nuit, ils vont devoir affronter des \u00e9v\u00e9nements myst\u00e9rieux qui ont eu lieu dans les ann\u00e9es 1950...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pEVChTdLzgXO1fBvlSYFsukWlP4.jpg", "actors": ["Emily Blunt (Girl)", "Ashton Holmes (Guy)", "Martin Donovan (Highway Patrolman)", "Ned Bellamy (Snowplow Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Chilblains.\r\n\r\nWind Chill is directed by Gregory Jacobs and written by Joe Gangemi & Steven Katz. It stars Emily Blunt and Ashton Holmes. Music is by Clint Mansell and cinematography by Dan Laustsen.\r\n\r\nTwo students car share for a journey home at the end of term. Taking a short cut they get run off the road and find themselves stranded in the snow. Then strange things start to happen... Neither frightening or dull, Wind Chill is a very serviceable supernatural based drama with human interest factors pulsing away. Setting is superbly chilly, which when our protags are stranded opens up genuine fears for all of us who have ever broken down somewhere remote at night. The revelations and finale are hardly riveting stuff, but it gets top marks for a sense of dread and that for a good portion of film it's not apparent what is actually going on. Two strong performances by Blunt and Holmes help, which ultimately makes this a decent night in by the fire for those not after gore and shrieky boo-jumps. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11427, 6948, 26587, 14457], "youtube_key": "uiwyITqDZlk"}