{"tmdb_id": 142322, "title": "Christmas Angel", "original_title": "Christmas Angel", "slug_title": "christmas-angel", "date": "2012-11-24", "genre": ["Drame / Familial"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A young girl tries to prove that the mysterious old lady next door is really an angel, when some of the neighborhood kids\u2019 Christmas wishes. Olivia is not like most fifth graders. She is being raised by Melinda, a single mother who works at a bustling local bakery run by her good friend Daphne, the mother of Olivia's best friend and classmate. Olivia has a heart of gold that shines through in her good intentions and her imagination. During the hustle and bustle of the Christmas season, a mysterious lady quietly moves into the house next door. The house has been uninhabited since the owner, Dr. Nathan Davis, left town abruptly. When some of the neighborhood kids Christmas wishes suddenly begin to come true, Olivia is convinced that the towns newcomer is an angel and she is determined to prove it.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hX5dnDFOKN4hveME43l7JhC4fOh.jpg", "actors": ["Della Reese (Elsie Waybright)", "Lisa Arnold (Mrs. Bell)", "Rob Boltin (Mr. Brennan)", "Dylan DePaula (Classmate)", "Bradley Dorsey (Steve Dalt)", "Natalie Hultman (Becca Holloway)", "Tyler Humphrey (Lucas Conroy)", "Jaiden Kaine (Jeb Conroy)", "Brock Patrick Kaufman (Joey Becker)", "Toby Nichols (Bully / Classmate)", "Tamera Mowry (Daphney Conroy)", "Izabela Vidovic (Olivia Mead)", "Jennifer Klekas (Francine Miller)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [124042, 240357, 240723, 81882], "youtube_key": "mZuhDjLhGGE"}