{"tmdb_id": 142484, "title": "The Painted Stallion", "original_title": "The Painted Stallion", "slug_title": "the-painted-stallion", "date": "1937-06-05", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Western favorites Ray \"Crash\" Corrigan and Hoot Gibson head the cast of the 12-chapter Republic serial The Painted Stallion. Corrigan plays American federal agent Clark Stuart, on assignment in Santa Fe to draw up a trade agreement with the newly installed Mexican governor. Meanwhile, Walter Jamison (Hoot Gibson) leads a wagon train from Missouri, hoping to take advantage of the new agreement. Among Jamison's passenger are famed frontiersman Jim Bowie (Hal Taliaferro) and a very youthful Kit Carson (Sammy McKim). The destinies of all these personalities intersect when villainous ex-governor DuPrey (LeRoy Mason) schemes to undermine the treaty and take over the New Mexico territory for his own vile purposes. Somewhere along the way, Davy Crockett (Jack Perrin) joins the \"good guys\" in their efforts to thwart the despicable DuPrey.  ~ Hal Erickson, Rovi", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ooTGFV53FbYNSI21bTe7THoHlle.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Corrigan (Clark Stuart)", "Hoot Gibson (Walter Jamison)", "LeRoy Mason (Lt. Gov. Alfredo Dupray (as Leroy Mason))", "Duncan Renaldo (Zamorro)", "Sammy McKim (Christopher Kit Carson)", "Hal Taliaferro (Jim Bowie)", "Jack Perrin (Davy Crockett [Chs. 5-12])", "Ed 'Oscar' Platt (Oscar (as Oscar))", "Lou Fulton (Elmer (as Elmer))", "Jean Carmen (The Rider (as Julia Thayer))", "Yakima Canutt (Tom)", "Maston Williams (Macklin - Henchman (as Matson Williams))", "Duke Taylor (Bill - Henchman)", "Loren Riebe (Cave Sentry / Pedro - Henchman)", "George DeNormand (Luke Oldham [Chs. 4-5])"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}