{"tmdb_id": 142440, "title": "Battle of the Japan Sea", "original_title": "Nihonkai daikaisen", "slug_title": "battle-of-the-japan-sea", "date": "1969-08-01", "genre": ["Guerre"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Japan and Russia clash in what comes to be known as the Russo-Japanese War. An attempt by the Japanese fleet and army to take Port Arthur fails, and a Russian fleet bears down on the Sea of Japan. Admiral Heihachiro Togo sends his fleet to confront the Russians, with results which stun both nations. Meanwhile, Major Genjiro Akashi makes secret negotiations with the Bolshevik revolutionaries in Russia, negotiations that have repercussions far beyond the conflict at hand.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s5Aoc7pZKx2K9lbFOhWae2Aurvb.jpg", "actors": ["Toshir\u014d Mifune (Admiral Heihachiro Togo)", "Tatsuya Nakadai (Major Genjiro Akashi)", "Y\u00fbz\u00f4 Kayama (Cmdr. Hirose)", "Chish\u016b Ry\u016b (General Maresuke Nogi)", "Susumu Fujita (Uemura)", "Mitsuko Kusabue (Mrs. Togo)", "Ryutaro Tatsumi (General Gonbei Yamamoto)", "Haku\u00f4 Matsumoto (The Emperor (as K\u00f4shir\u00f4 Matsumoto))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "watchman", "content": "Seiji Maruyama\u2019s sanitized docu-drama, retelling the Japanese conduct of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, which culminated with Japan\u2019s stunning naval victory in the Tsushima Strait. \r\n\r\nTsushima\u2019s significance is practically mythic, amounting to a national symbol. From a director who has shown reverence for military values, you might expect a painstakingly conscientious propaganda film. That\u2019s what you get here, complete with diagrams and explanatory narration. \r\n\r\nThe emphasis is about equal between historic personalities and epic battles, both depicted with detachment and restraint, both almost bloodless by the standards of today. Confrontations are dignified, carnage is comparatively decorous. \r\n\r\nToshiro Mifune and a debonair Tatsuya Nakadai stand out among a fine studio cast. Foreign actors playing Russians\u2026 well, less was expected of them. The unseen star is technical director Eiji Tsuburaya. At times you can all but smell the coal smoke from his model warships. \r\n\r\nThe English subtitles are so flawed that they conclude with an apology. They\u2019re still preferable to the English-language version incongruously dubbed by an American vocal cast."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}