{"tmdb_id": 143474, "title": "Banned Book: Flesh Futon", "original_title": "Hakkin nikubuton", "slug_title": "banned-book-flesh-futon", "date": "1975-11-22", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The film is based on 17th century Chinese erotic novel by Li Yu best known as The Carnal Prayer Mat.  Mio is a struggling writer who writes a pornographic book entitled Flesh Futon which becomes a surprise best seller. With his newfound wealth, Mio begins indulging in the nightlife, excusing his activities to his wife by saying it is for research. Mio's reputation comes crashing down when a prostitute reports that his penis is like a \"guppy\". More bad luck follows. His book is banned, and his wife puts him on a short leash. At the height of his misfortune, his house is robbed. Mio meets the robber who turns out to be the Japanese folk-hero Nezumi Koz\u014d. The two become friends, and Koz\u014d introduces Mio to a doctor who can perform penis-enlargement surgery. With his new equipment, Koz\u014d and Mio become frequenters of the red-light district, until the real Nezumi Koz\u014d appears, and evil luck returns to Mio.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bgArUXGr7xNtTdAyGdNkS0bua62.jpg", "actors": ["Hajime Tanimoto (Mio Kingyotei)", "Hiromi Maya (Shungiku)", "Rei Okamoto (O-ine)", "Terumi Azuma (Nui)", "Akemi Nijo (Tama Kishibe)", "Tamaki Katsura (K\u014d Iwanabe)", "Asuka Seri (Kayo)", "Hiromi Igarashi (Bikuni)", "Nobutaka Masutomi (Jirokichi Nezumi Koz\u014d)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}