{"tmdb_id": 143535, "title": "O Incr\u00edvel Monstro Trapalh\u00e3o", "original_title": "O Incr\u00edvel Monstro Trapalh\u00e3o", "slug_title": "o-incrivel-monstro-trapalhao", "date": "1980-01-01", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "2.5/10", "synopsis": "Dr. Jegue is a fumbling inventor and scientist, who in his spare time helps his friends Kiko, Sass\u00e1, and Quindim in a mechanic's shop. The four are great friends of Carlos Alberto, a stock car driver who suffers from the frames of rival Hugo and his gang. By doing scientific research in his mini-lab, Jegue discovers two powerful formulas: one extracted through the Quince tree, an abundant fictitious plant in the Northeast; and another that turns Dr. Jegue into a big, bearded, moody man with powerful strength. The Marmeleiro formula is tested in a race at the Interlagos Autodrome in the old track and the news of a \"new fuel\" becomes the main news of the country. Soon, buyers from all over the world come to Brazil to try to buy the formula, offering a lot of money for it, but Jegue, not ambitious, decides not to sell the formula anymore and leaves it in his country.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xAP2ZzCdiOdrynIwPR702gMK668.jpg", "actors": ["Renato Arag\u00e3o (Dr. Jegue)", "Ded\u00e9 Santana (Kiko)", "Mussum (Sassa)", "Zacarias (Quindim)", "Alcione Mazzeo (Ritinha)", "Felipe Levy (Russo)", "Wilson Grey (Sr. Corre\u00e7\u00e3o)", "Eduardo Conde (Hugo)", "Sat\u00e3 ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}