{"tmdb_id": 14359, "title": "Doute", "original_title": "Doubt", "slug_title": "doute", "date": "2008-11-27", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "1964, une \u00e9cole catholique dans le Bronx.La p\u00e8re Flynn, un pr\u00eatre de la paroisse, entraineur de basketball, est soup\u00e7onn\u00e9 d'avoir fait des attouchements sur un gar\u00e7on noir de douze ans.Soeur Aloysius, directrice de l'\u00e9cole, a des doutes s\u00e9rieux sur la moralit\u00e9 du pr\u00eatre mais n'arrive pas \u00e0 \u00e9tablir les preuves n\u00e9cessaires \u00e0 son renvoi.Quand soeur James, une soeur na\u00efve, vient lui raconter un \u00e9v\u00e9nement impliquant le p\u00e8re Flynn et un gar\u00e7on de l'\u00e9cole, soeur Aloysius estime que ses soup\u00e7ons sont confirm\u00e9s. Elle part donc en guerre contre le pr\u00eatre, bien determin\u00e9e \u00e0 le demasquer. L'aum\u00f4nier accus\u00e9 va tenter de se disculper mais soeur Aoysius n'a pas dit son dernier mot. La doute s'installe. Quelles en seront les cons\u00e9quences ? Et si tout cela n'\u00e9tait qu'un malentendu ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2vCDVvUwzD9NTAJdyNiVb6oiRnG.jpg", "actors": ["Meryl Streep (Sister Aloysius Beauvier)", "Philip Seymour Hoffman (Father Brendan Flynn)", "Amy Adams (Sister James)", "Viola Davis (Mrs. Miller)", "Alice Drummond (Sister Veronica)", "Audrie Neenan (Sister Raymond)", "Susan Blommaert (Mrs. Carson)", "Carrie Preston (Christine Hurley)", "John Costelloe (Warren Hurley)", "Lloyd Clay Brown (Jimmy Hurley)", "Joseph Foster (Donald Miller)", "Mike Roukis (William London)", "Frank Shanley (Kevin)", "Frank Dolce (Ralph)", "Paulie Litt (Tommy Conroy)", "Matthew Marvin (Raymond)", "Bridget Megan Clark (Noreen Horan)", "Molly Chiffer (Sarah)", "Lydia Jordan (Alice)", "Suzanne Hevner (Mrs. Kean)", "Helen Stenborg (Sister Teresa)", "Tom Toner (Monsignor Benedict)", "Michael Puzzo (Father Sherman)", "Margery Beddow (Mrs. Shields)", "Jack O'Connell (II) (Mr. McGuinn)", "Marylouise Burke (Mrs. Deakins)", "Alannah Iacovano (Girl in Church)", "Valda Setterfield (Parishioner)", "Gerard Adimando (Parishioner)", "George Aloi (Parishioner)", "James P. Anderson (Parishioner)", "Jackie Brown (Parishioner)", "Jonathan Castillo (Parishioner)", "Jennifer Lauren DiBella (Parishioner)", "Seth Donavan (Parishioner)", "Amanda Florian (Student)", "Brianna Leann Florian (Student)", "Tiffany Ashley Florian (Student)", "Brian Hopson (Parishioner)", "Evan Lewis (Parishioner)", "Bernadette Lords (Parishioner)", "Jenny Paul (Parishioner)", "Robert Shulman (Parishioner)", "Felicia Tassone (Parishioner)", "Steph Van Vlack (Parishioner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Knee-deep in the throes of my first love, I was quite surprised to hear that my lady's favourite movie was 'Joe Versus the Volcano'. (I still haven't seen the film). It dawned on me, when I wanted to check out an American film which, to my knowledge, had a plethora of fine acting, that this was written and directed by the same guy who made that film much earlier. Being raised Christian and hearing in the press over the past few years about misdeeds, especially involving leaders of the Catholic church (represented in films as diverse as 'The Boys of St. Vincent' (John N. Smith, 1992) and 'In Bruges' (Martin McDonagh, 2008), I was especially intrigued by this, his work of more recent vintage.\r\n\r\nThe ambiguity at the core of the film (and hence the 'doubt') really acts in the movie's favour. The script and direction are both tense and flawless, and the beautiful New York locations chosen to illustrate The Bronx in 1964 help air the play out, and give it more cinematic scope. It features some of the finest work I have seen from Philip Seymour Hoffman (though my favourites will always be 'Happiness' and 'The Master'), Meryl Streep (my most-esteemed works of hers are 'The Deer Hunter' and 'The Devil Wears Prada') and Amy Adams (this is her finest performance IMHO) as well as a breakthrough role for Viola Davis, who steals every scene she's in. This easily holds up well even with Shanley's Oscar-winning screenplay for 'Moonstruck', and, though dark and depressing, is thoroughly recommended for those who can stomach its subject matter, and peer into that abyss without flinching, as these fine exemplars of 21st-century American cinema so easily do here.\r\n\r\nThat it didn't win any of its five Oscar nominations is almost as ghastly, to the cinephile, as the misdeeds insinuated here are to the community at large. Must have been a strong year for film, methinks."}], "recommandations_id": [398, 590, 1440, 9675]}