{"tmdb_id": 14367, "title": "Nuit de folie", "original_title": "Adventures in Babysitting", "slug_title": "nuit-de-folie", "date": "1987-07-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Chris Parker, une jeune fille habitant les quartiers chics de Chicago, a rendez-vous avec Mike, son petit ami, pour aller au restaurant, mais celui-ci se d\u00e9commande \u00e0 la derni\u00e8re minute. Elle accepte donc de faire la baby-sitter pour les enfants Anderson. Mais \u00e0 peine la soir\u00e9e commenc\u00e9e, Chris re\u00e7oit un coup de t\u00e9l\u00e9phone de son amie Brenda, qui lui annonce qu'elle vient de faire une fugue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8QiAj0Xw2UMeZMIIfZKeNoIsszs.jpg", "actors": ["Elisabeth Shue (Chris Parker)", "Maia Brewton (Sara Anderson)", "Keith Coogan (Brad Anderson)", "Anthony Rapp (Daryl Coopersmith)", "Calvin Levels (Joe Gipp)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Dawson / 'Thor')", "Penelope Ann Miller (Brenda)", "George Newbern (Dan Lynch)", "Bradley Whitford (Mike Todwell)", "John Ford Noonan (John Pruitt)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1987 and directed by Chris Columbus, \u201cAdventures in Babysitting\u201d (aka \"A Night on the Town\") is a teen dramedy about 17 year-old babysitter, Chris (Elisabeth Shue), from the suburbs of Chicago who has no choice but to take the siblings she\u2019s babysitting (Keith Coogan & Maia Brewton) and their friend (Anthony Rapp) into the big city whereupon they have many misadventures. Penelope Ann Miller plays Chris\u2019 geeky friend (at the bus station), Calvin Levels a car thief, John Davis Chandler the main heavy and George Newbern a helpful college dude with eyes for Chris. \r\n\r\nI was surprised at how entertaining this movie is. It has the tone of an Indiana Jones flick, but with teen protagonists and taking place in a modern USA city. The Thor element was a unique surprise and the little girl is cute and spry. The protagonists are likable and you can sense the warmth in their relationships, e.g. Brad\u2019s infatuation with Chris. \r\n\r\nUnfortunately, the movie fumbles the ball on the female front a little bit. There are quality women in the cast, for sure, but the director never milks these resources for their worth (and I\u2019m not tawkin\u2019 bout nudity or sleaze). Take Shue, for example (who was 21 during filming); she\u2019s dressed in a looong sweater or jacket that covers her figure the entire film. Compare this with her role in \u201cThe Karate Kid\u201d (1984) where her beauty is well displayed and tastefully so.   \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 42 minutes and was shot in Toronto and the Chicago area. WRITER: David Simkins            \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [13704, 11418, 10859, 14370], "youtube_key": "4FOQNuKcf7s"}