{"tmdb_id": 143765, "title": "Slaughter Trail", "original_title": "Slaughter Trail", "slug_title": "slaughter-trail", "date": "1951-10-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "Three outlaws rob the stage and then flee. When their horses give out they murder some Indians to get fresh ones. But this puts the Indians on the war path and they have to take refuge in an Army fort to avoid them. The Indians then arrive offering peace if the three men are turned over to them. The fort's commanding Officer wants peace but the rules say the men must be tried in a white man's court leaving the Indians no choice but to attack.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qCuPvb3ma12AvUgCPrHRGIImvzK.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Donlevy (Capt. Dempster)", "Gig Young (Ike Vaughn aka Murray)", "Virginia Grey (Lorabelle Larkin)", "Andy Devine (Sgt. Macintosh)", "Robert Hutton (Lt. Morgan)", "Terry Gilkyson (Singalong)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Just - Slaughter.\r\n\r\nThree bandits rob a stage coach and then shoot some Navajos and steal their horses. They seek refuge at the US Fort Marcy, and get it from the conflicted commander. The Navajos hone in...\r\n\r\nAlmost unwatchable on many levels, the screenplay is stupid, the direction wooden, lead actor phones it in and to add insult to injury the Cinecolor print is poor. That's not all, though, story is told mostly in song, irritatingly so, to the point where it feels like pic was made decades earlier than it was. Hell! Just to cap things off a main character flip-flop come the finale is really extracting the urine.\r\n\r\nBoooo! 1/10"}], "recommandations_id": [158715, 110674, 47744], "youtube_key": "notfound"}