{"tmdb_id": 14397, "title": "Whisper", "original_title": "Whisper", "slug_title": "whisper", "date": "2007-11-27", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Max veut prendre un nouveau d\u00e9part avec sa fianc\u00e9e Roxanne , mais ce n'est pas si \u00e9vident d'obtenir un pr\u00eat pour un restaurant comme ex-prisonnier. Max est tent\u00e9 d'acc\u00e9der \u00e0 la proposition d'enlever le petit David de son vieux copain. Apr\u00e8s l'enl\u00e8vement, les criminels se rencontrent dans un camp d'\u00e9t\u00e9 abandonn\u00e9, o\u00f9 ils attendent les instructions pour le ran\u00e7on. Petit \u00e0 petit, la m\u00e9fiance, la tromperie et les secrets se manifestent dans le groupe. Et il devient clair que David n'est pas le petit gar\u00e7on timide qu'il le pr\u00e9tend.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Rv4qeECuuFiz9JpqXHonovxZrq.jpg", "actors": ["Blake Woodruff (David Sandborn)", "Josh Holloway (Max Truemont)", "Sarah Wayne Callies (Roxanne)", "Michael Rooker (Sydney Braverman)", "Julian Christopher (Mr. Harper)", "Dul\u00e9 Hill (Detective Miles)", "Teryl Rothery (Catherine Sandborn)", "Jennifer Shirley (Nanny)", "Tara Wilson (Chloe)", "Joel Edgerton (Vince Delayo)", "John Kapelos (Whitley)", "Cainan Wiebe (Boy At Max's Restaurant)", "Cory Monteith (Teenage Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SoapboxQuantez08", "content": "\"What's a demon, but an angel who fell?\" \nSuch is the question posed by this potent Omen clone...with a ransom twist. \n\nJosh Holloway stars as Max, a down-on-his-luck opportunist, freshly released from prison. Max probably has a history of complying with his older friend Sydney, who (at the start of the film) suggests that they (along with their other friend Vince) kidnap an 8-year-old for ransom.\n\nLittle David was hand-picked by the group's current employer (Jones), and although Max is reluctant at first, a denied bank loan leaves him no choice but to comply. However, it soon becomes quite clear that David Sandborn is probably no ordinary child.\n\nThis kid seems to know everyone's past and future, and the group can't help but notice they're constantly hearing whispers that seem to be in the kid's voice.\n\nRoxanne (Max's girl) has been against this \"gig\" from the beginning (partly due to a bad feeling, partly due to having a history with Vince). Maybe her intuition is telling her that this particular kid will do anything he can to turn them against each other.\n\nYoung David has a certain outcome in mind, and he will manipulate anyone who tries to stop him. Whisper is simply a brutalizer of a film in which a seemingly normal child is bloodthirsty, and there seems to be no limit to what he can achieve. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [6948, 31012, 13803, 16167], "youtube_key": "zqizkKDpxRE"}