{"tmdb_id": 14433, "title": "Zoulou", "original_title": "Zulu", "slug_title": "zoulou", "date": "1964-01-22", "genre": "Action / Drame / Histoire / Guerre", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Au Natal, en Afrique du Sud, en janvier 1879. Une compagnie britannique est attaqu\u00e9e par des guerriers zoulous qui s'emparent de leurs armes. Les rebelles projettent ensuite de s'en prendre \u00e0 la mission o\u00f9 est bas\u00e9e une centaine de soldats. Le r\u00e9v\u00e9rend Otto Witt et sa fille Margaretta apprennent la nouvelle alors qu'ils assistent au mariage de paroissiens. En h\u00e2te, ils rentrent au poste pour avertir leurs concitoyens du danger. En cours de route, ils croisent une \u00e9quipe du G\u00e9nie, venue construire un pont dans la r\u00e9gion. Devant la menace, le lieutenant John Chard se joint \u00e0 la garde et prend le commandement des op\u00e9rations. Les fermiers de la r\u00e9gion, \u00e9pouvant\u00e9s par les massacres, abandonnent le combat. Le r\u00e9v\u00e9rend, pacifiste engag\u00e9, tente de convaincre Chard de replier ses troupes, mais celui-ci ne veut rien entendre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/C6VXbTYpZ1QVYA2rL5MtV2LnjT.jpg", "actors": ["Stanley Baker (Lt. John Chard R.E.)", "Jack Hawkins (Rev. Otto Witt)", "Ulla Jacobsson (Margareta Witt)", "James Booth (Pte. Henry Hook)", "Michael Caine (Lt. Gonville Bromhead)", "Nigel Green (Colour Sgt. Frank Bourne)", "Paul Daneman (Sgt. Maxfield)", "Patrick Magee (Surgeon Reynolds)", "Glynn Edwards (Cpl. Allen)", "Neil McCarthy (Pvt. Thomas)", "David Kernan (Pvt. Hitch)", "Gary Bond (Pvt. Cole)", "Richard Burton (Narration spoken)", "Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi (Cetewayo)", "Kerry Jordan (Company cook)", "Dennis Folbigge (Commissary Dalton)", "Gert Van den Bergh (Adendorff)", "Harvey Hall (Stickman)", "John Sullivan (Stephenson)", "Joe Powell (Sergeant Windridge)", "Larry Taylor (Hughes)", "Dickie Owen (Corporal Schiess)", "Dafydd Havard (Gunner Howarth)", "Denys Graham (Private 716 Jones)", "Richard Davies (Private 593 Jones)", "Tom Gerrard (Lance / Corporal)", "Peter Gill (Private 612 Williams)", "Ivor Emmanuel (Private Owen)", "Simon Sabela (Dance Leader)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Men of Harlech onto glory.\r\n\r\n\"In the hundred years since the Victoria Cross was created for valour and extreme courage beyond that normally expected of a British soldier in the face of the enemy, only 1,344 have been awarded, 11 of these were won by the defenders of the mission station at Rorke's Drift, Natal, January 22nd to the 23rd 1879\" \r\n\r\nJust typing out that spoken narration from Richard Burton brings me out into goose pimples, and the hairs on the back of my neck stand to attention, Zulu quite simply is my favourite film of all time, and my love for cinema to this day owes its credit to this 1964 masterpiece. \r\n\r\nZulu is a perfectly staged, perfectly acted account of the British defence of Rorke's Drift, where 139 British soldiers held off 4000 Zulu Warriors at the height of the Anglo-Zulu War. Its strength is not in romanticism or over sentimentality in the name of glossy hard sell, the crux lies with just being a tale of pure courage, a tale of pure stoic heroism, it sticks vigorously to the actual events, and thus the film plays out with genuine honesty that few other War pictures can ever lay claim to. \r\n\r\nWhere does one start when outlaying the brilliance this picture has to offer? The Natal location is stunning, beautiful lush rolling hills dwarf this tiny outpost, the sky a never ending eye witness to the courage unfolding, Stephen Dade's photography perfectly capturing this colourful extravaganza. The direction from the criminally undervalued Cy Enfield is excellent, along with his star and producer (Stanley Baker in a role of a lifetime) he manages to direct some of the most amazing battle sequences put onto the screen, the discipline of man to man combat perfectly orchestrated by Enfield. The Zulu extras, who once had no idea what they was supposed to do at first, finally grasped the concept of movie making and added weight to the drama. It's now down in legend that Baker showed the chiefs a Gene Autry Western and that got them into the swing of things! \r\n\r\nThe acting right through the cast is astonishing, Baker, Michael Caine, Jack Hawkins, James Booth, Nigel Green, Ivor Emmanuel and Patrick Magee are just some of the cast that shine bright and bold. John Barry's score is blood pumping to the maximum, swirling strings collide with thumping base drums to give one the feeling of invincibility. Ernest Archer's art decoration, Arthur Newman's costumes and of course the John Prebble screenplay that is Zulu's heart. I could go on and name everyone involved in this picture, such is the admiration I have for the work involved. But really the story sells itself, not a glossy British victory in sight (the British defenders were allowed to withdraw from the engagement gracefully), this is not just another British fable of imperialistic fervour, it's just a tale of bayonets with guts behind them, and ultimately a story of when men really were men, all in the line of duty. \r\n\r\nMen of Harlech onto glory...10/10 and then some.\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [18061, 983, 1485, 14807]}