{"tmdb_id": 144323, "title": "Shanghai Gypsy", "original_title": "\u0160anghaj", "slug_title": "shanghai-gypsy", "date": "2012-08-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The main protagonists of the film are members of the gypsy family Mirga. Lutvija Belmondo Mirga narrates a story about four generations. Belmondo is the central character of the film, a gypsy king, who decided to establish his own gypsy village. He names it Shanghai. Belmondo makes a living smuggling and his power and influence grow big. He even gets the local police and politics on his side and that helps him to become untouchable for law. But with the downfall of Yugoslavia, smuggling of goods is replaced by smuggling of the arms. Though lucrative the business starts to threaten Belmondo\u2019s personal life and he finds himself at the crossroads. Will he protect his own family or is he going to sacrifice his personal happiness for business ambitions?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A49WL3ajjrfg4VeMxv3pVDQk2RI.jpg", "actors": ["Visar Vishka (Lutvija Belmondo Mirga)", "Asli Bayram (Amanda)", "Senad Ba\u0161i\u0107 (Ujas Mirga)", "Marjuta Slami\u010d (Phirav Pao)", "Jasna Dikli\u0107 (Baka Rajka)", "Miodrag Trifunov (Deda Jorga)", "Bojan Emer\u0161i\u010d (Gabrijel Gali\u010d)", "Sa\u0161a Petrovi\u0107 (Sulij Barjaktarij)", "Vlado Novak (Jo\u017ee Sfiligoj)", "Ivo Ban (Polde \u0160eruga)", "An\u0111elo Kontrec (Mladi Belmondo)", "Mi\u0161o Kontrec (Dono Mirga)", "Anja Gujt (Belmondo's Sister 1)", "Natalija \u0160arkezi (Belmondo's Sister 2)", "Rosana \u0160arkezi (Belmondo's Sister 3)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}