{"tmdb_id": 14435, "title": "Meurtres \u00e0 la St-Valentin", "original_title": "My Bloody Valentine", "slug_title": "meurtres-a-la-st-valentin", "date": "2009-01-16", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Horreur"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Il y a dix ans qu'une trag\u00e9die a chang\u00e9 la petite ville mini\u00e8re de Harmony pour toujours. \u00c0 la suite d'une erreur d'un mineur inexp\u00e9riment\u00e9 appel\u00e9 Tom Hanniger, cinq mineurs ont trouv\u00e9 la mort, coinc\u00e9s dans les tunnels souterrains. Le seul survivant, Harry Warden, est plong\u00e9 dans le coma. Son d\u00e9sir de vengeance l'am\u00e8ne pourtant \u00e0 se r\u00e9veiller au bout d'un an, le jour de la Saint-Valentin, et il tue vingt-deux personnes avec une pioche avant d'\u00eatre lui-m\u00eame abattu. Dix ans plus tard, Tom Hanniger revient dans la ville de Harmony, toujours hant\u00e9 par les morts qu'il a provoqu\u00e9es. Tout en essayant de tourner la page, il devra aussi accepter que son ancienne petite amie, Sarah, est maintenant mari\u00e9e \u00e0 son meilleur ami Axel, devenu chef de la police. Mais le pass\u00e9 est tenace et, ce soir-l\u00e0, apr\u00e8s des ann\u00e9es de tranquillit\u00e9, il semble que l'obscurit\u00e9 soit de retour. Derri\u00e8re un masque de mineur et arm\u00e9 d'une pioche, un assassin terrorise la ville de Harmony...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kVR7uUedn4RNEZ3LByvpihhWn3.jpg", "actors": ["Jensen Ackles (Tom Hanniger)", "Jaime King (Sarah Palmer)", "Kerr Smith (Axel Palmer)", "Betsy Rue (Irene)", "Edi Gathegi (Deputy Martin)", "Tom Atkins (Sheriff Jim Burke)", "Kevin Tighe (Ben Foley)", "Megan Boone (Megan)", "Karen Baum (Deputy Ferris)", "Joy de la Paz (Rosa)", "Marc Macaulay (Riggs)", "Todd Farmer (Frank the Trucker)", "Jeff Hochendoner (Red)", "Bingo O'Malley (Officer Hinch)", "Liam Rhodes (Michael)", "Richard John Walters (Harry Warden)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Harry Warden is dead\u2026\r\n \r\nMy Bloody Valentine is directed by Patrick Lussier and collectively written by Zane Smith, Todd Farmer and John Beaird. It stars Jensen Ackles, Jaime King, Kerr Smith, Kevin Tighe and Tom Atkins. Music is by Michael Wandmacher and cinematography by Brian Pearson\r\n \r\nA remake of George Mihalker\u2019s 1981 slasher, the 2009 version was released in a blaze of 3D frenzy, where it absolutely coined it in at the World\u2019s box offices. It\u2019s not hard to see why, for no matter how much we may moan about remakes and the general languid nature of slashers turned out just for coin, there\u2019s a big market out there for them. As it happens this isn\u2019t half bad, oh it\u2019s all very familiar, there\u2019s another Michael Myers clone stalking the residents of some American town and offing them in gruesome ways. Here the perp is The Miner, dressed up in his work clothes, armed with a pickaxe, face covered by a gas mask that in turn makes him creepy looking and gives him Darth Vader breathing exercises to do. \r\n \r\nThe mystery element is that this new series of murders are being re-enacted from crimes ten years previously, so is the old killer back from the dead, or is there a copycat at large? Enter troubled teenagers, townsfolk acting suspiciously and mucho blood and screaming sitting in tandem together. There\u2019s the requisite amount of nudity, including one of the longest nude scenes ever, while Lussier shows a good knack for blending humour with the terror. The 3D is of a high standard, and the sound mix is incredible, this really is one to give your sub-woofer a work out. It pans out as expected, but it manages to eek out good suspense for its finale and having Atkins and Tighe in the movie is a reassuring presence.\r\n \r\nThe original was no great film anyway, and although this is better, it\u2019s still just a bunch of acting props being killed in different ways. But it is effective and above all else it\u2019s fun. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10781, 2082, 9793, 13515], "youtube_key": "mPMRDqMWKQ4"}