{"tmdb_id": 14441, "title": "Clean and Sober", "original_title": "Clean and Sober", "slug_title": "clean-and-sober", "date": "1988-08-10", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Hotshot real estate salesman Daryl has a bad cocaine habit. After embezzling his company's money, he wakes up next to a girl who overdosed. To hide from the police, he checks into a rehabilitation program guaranteeing anonymity. Under the mentorship of counselor Craig, Daryl accepts that he has a substance abuse problem. As he falls in love with fellow patient Charlie, Daryl begins committing to a newly sober life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tlMZLOtJNMrJUW4MJNEUw9ZmKBf.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Keaton (Daryl Poynter)", "Kathy Baker (Charlie Standers)", "Morgan Freeman (Craig)", "Tate Donovan (Donald Towle)", "Henry Judd Baker (Xavier)", "Claudia Christian (Iris)", "J. David Krassner (Tiller)", "Dakin Matthews (Bob)", "Mary Catherine Martin (Cheryl Ann)", "Patricia Quinn (June)", "Terri Hanauer (Admissions Counsellor)", "David A. Kimball (Doctor)", "Veronica Redd (Head Nurse - Detox)", "Sharie Doolittle (Nurse)", "Sharon Medearis (Nurse)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Richard Dirks)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dave", "content": "Michael Keaton tries his hand in a dramatic portrayal of an alcoholic, drug addicted stock broker who finds refuge in a treatment program - but not for it's intended purpose.  He slowly begins to realize that be may be there for a reason, but the arrogant nature of his personality is always at conflict.  As someone with long term sobriety, I always tell people that this is close to the real thing that Hollywood has to offer.  Nobody is a model citizen in this world, most are flawed, lonely, angry characters, however there is some redemption in the masses.  Strong supporting roles including M. Emmet Walsh, Kathy Bates and a young Morgan Freeman.  Worth a look if you can find it."}], "recommandations_id": [18966, 75531, 16814, 4988], "youtube_key": "gu_PiJcVtCk"}