{"tmdb_id": 144951, "title": "This American Life Live: The Invisible Made Visible", "original_title": "This American Life Live: The Invisible Made Visible", "slug_title": "this-american-life-live-the-invisible-made-visible", "date": "2012-05-10", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "It features all sorts of things that are way too visual to be on the radio: dance, animation, illustration, an interactive musical performance, photographs, a short film, and David Sedaris in clown makeup. Along with Sedaris, there are stories by the now-famous Tig Notaro, Glynn Washington, Ryan Knighton and David Rakoff. Lots of the stories are funny. David Rakoff's is particularly touching. He talks about the abilities he\u2019s lost during his fight with cancer, and then, gracefully, beautifully, does a solo dance onstage. It was the last story Rakoff ever wrote for the radio show. He died three months later, in August.  OK Go provides music. Monica Bill Barnes &amp; Company dance. Ira Glass tells a story using things he normally can't: photos. Mike Birbiglia casts Terry Gross in a surprising, hilarious little movie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f6Rj9bf99nLNDo4ao8QUEeWIKb0.jpg", "actors": ["Mike Birbiglia (Himself)", "Ira Glass (Himself)", "Tig Notaro (Herself)", "David Sedaris (Himself)", "David Rakoff (Himself)", "Taylor Dayne (Singer, Herself)", "Terry Gross (Bank Robber)", "Ryan Knighton (Himself)", "Glynn Washington (Himself)", "OK Go (Musical Guests)", "Monica Bill Barnes (Dancer)", "Anna Bass (Dancer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "d7Ble-aEqAc"}