{"tmdb_id": 144910, "title": "Suppose They Gave a War and Nobody Came?", "original_title": "Suppose They Gave a War and Nobody Came?", "slug_title": "suppose-they-gave-a-war-and-nobody-came", "date": "1970-09-11", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "War is brewing between the soldiers at an otherwise quiet army base and the civilians of a nearby Southern town. Brian Keith is an officer who tries to keep the peace. However, peace is hard to come by with Ernest Borgnine as a stereotypical dumb hick sheriff who's quick to call in the local militia. Tony Curtis plays a skirt-chasing sergeant who can't stay out of trouble and soon lands in jail. Brian Keith borrows a tank to release his friend from jail. Things get more chaotic after that.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mOdPuk0gqPLAdAcR58Sx66yNSMu.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Keith (Officer Michael M. Nace)", "Tony Curtis (Shannon Gambroni)", "Ernest Borgnine (Sheriff Harve)", "Ivan Dixon (Sgt. Jones)", "Suzanne Pleshette (Ramona)", "Tom Ewell (Billy Joe Davis)", "Bradford Dillman (Capt. Myerson)", "Arthur O'Connell (Mr. Kruft)", "John Fiedler (Maj. Purvis)", "Don Ameche (Col. Flanders)", "Christopher Mitchum (Alturi)", "Jean Argyle (Mrs. Calhoun)", "John James Bannon (1st MP)", "Stan Barrett (Green Beret Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Soldiers vs. townfolk in late 60\u2019s Arizona with a fabulous cast***\r\n\r\n\u201cSuppose They Gave a War and Nobody Came\u201d (1970) is a comedy/drama that details events in remote southern Arizona when militarists at an Army base (Tony Curtis, Brian Keith, Bradford Dillman & Ivan Dixon) conflict with the authorities of the nearby town (e.g. Earnest Borgnine) eventually leading to all hell breaking loose when a couple of disenchanted soldiers steal a tank.\r\n\r\nThis is a dialogue-driven dramedy stuffed with understated witticisms hidden within the verbiage; so I suggest using the subtitles to catch \u2019em all. The highlight is the great cast, but curvy cutie Suzanne Pleshette isn\u2019t used enough. An additional attraction is that this is a great way to go back in time and observe American society in 1969 (when the film was shot).\r\n\r\nThe producers were shooting for the tone of the contemporaneous \u201cKelly\u2019s Heroes\u201d transplanted to late 60\u2019s America. Unfortunately, the script needed a rewrite to flesh out more entertaining prospects. It\u2019s a flat viewing experience as is. Eastwood\u2019s \u201cHeartbreak Ridge\u201d took elements of it and made a better flick. Not that \u201cHeartbreak\u201d is great or anything, but it\u2019s superior to this.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 53 minutes and was shot at Fort Huachuca, Arizona, with some scenes done at Warner Brothers Studios, S. Cal. Don Amech and John Fiedler also appear.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "PqWUzy4zv_A"}