{"tmdb_id": 145099, "title": "The Dead Inside", "original_title": "The Dead Inside", "slug_title": "the-dead-inside", "date": "2011-07-20", "genre": ["Musique / Horreur"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Wes and Fi are empty. While their love for each other burns strong, artistically their hearts have been locked in a box for years. Wes is a burned out photographer paying the bills by shooting weddings. Fi is the writer's-blocked author of a series of zombie novellas called, The Dead Survive.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y8cIpWHz0Z26Yvi5fspZDsoq8UP.jpg", "actors": ["Dustin Fasching ()", "Sarah Lassez ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "johboyred", "content": "This film was highly creative and at times entertaining, but ultimately falls short of being great. The Dead Inside is a complex story of a young couple going through seemingly normal problems until the problems become surreal and supernatural . Often the hallmark of a great film is it's ability to blur the lines of classification. The problem is, in this film they aren't very blurry. It is, at times, a musical, at others a horror, sometimes a comedy and a serious drama at others. Where it goes wrong is it seems to delve too far into each area for too long making it confusing as to what the overall feeling the audience is supposed to have. I noticed the director was also the editor and I think that may be what is the biggest problem with this film. It just starts to drag on and on. The musical scenes are pretty good and the dialouge is good too, it's the seemingly endless scenes of people sitting and staring into the mirror or at the computer or at nothing. Good to great music, nice camera work (but has a very video look at times), good script, good lyrics and good acting (though not the best singing voices) just needs some serious editing."}], "recommandations_id": [37776, 204456, 124873, 254426], "youtube_key": "MB5s_FEgitU"}