{"tmdb_id": 14564, "title": "Le Cercle\u00a0: Rings", "original_title": "Rings", "slug_title": "le-cercle-rings", "date": "2017-02-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme s\u2019inqui\u00e8te pour son petit ami lorsqu\u2019 il commence \u00e0 s\u2019int\u00e9resser aux myst\u00e8res entourant une vid\u00e9o cens\u00e9e tuer celui qui la regarde 7 jours apr\u00e8s l\u2019avoir visionn\u00e9e. Elle se sacrifie pour sauver son petit ami et fait alors une terrifiante d\u00e9couverte : il y a \u00ab un film dans le film \u00bb que personne n\u2019avait encore vu\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bbxtz5V0vvnTDA2qWbiiRC77Ok9.jpg", "actors": ["Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz (Julia)", "Alex Roe (Holt Anthony)", "Johnny Galecki (Gabriel Brown)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Galen Burke)", "Aimee Teegarden (Skye Johnston)", "Bonnie Morgan (Samara Morgan)", "Chuck David Willis (Blue)", "Patrick R. Walker (Jamal)", "Zach Roerig (Carter)", "Laura Slade Wiggins (Faith)", "Lizzie Brocher\u00e9 (Kelly)", "Drew Grey (Sam)", "Kayli Carter (Evelyn Borden)", "Jill Jane Clements (Karen Styx)", "Andrea Laing (Libby)", "Surely Alvelo (Shanda)", "Adam Fristoe (Chris)", "Andrea Powell (Julia's Mom)", "Dawn Young-McDaniel (Paramedic)", "Michael Edwin Neil Sanders (Capt. J Forsett)", "Chris Greene (Officer Gonzalez)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "An interesting play up of the _Ring_ mythology, but not a great horror on its own merits.\r\n\r\nAlso! The trailer for _Rings_ makes it appear as if the movie is about one thing. As it turns out, that one thing takes place entirely in the last 90 seconds of the film.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Definitely not for me, but I sort of get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "**Samara takes a back seat to, um, I can't really remember what exactly.**\r\n\r\n2017 version of the franchise adds digital files but conveniently forgets about the internet in an unnecessary continuation.  Seriously, not one of the students would have tried to go viral by uploading the video to youtube or vimeo. The story takes a huge detour in what seems like it is supposed to be a fresh take on the franchise, but it just ends up treading water until the inevitable outcome.  Samara the creeping kubuki dancer dead girl is barely in it, and that is a real shame.  4/10 seems mean so I gave it a 5/10, simply because even though it is a bit boring and not really scary, it is not a terribly made film.  Just not very interesting."}], "recommandations_id": [10320, 335796, 292280, 345911], "youtube_key": "p17DJbPRLc0"}