{"tmdb_id": 145700, "title": "World's End / Girlfriend", "original_title": "\u305b\u304b\u3044\u306e\u304a\u308f\u308a", "slug_title": "world-s-end-girlfriend", "date": "2005-09-10", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Shinnosuke (Kiyohiko Shibukawa) and Misawa (Keishi Nagatsuka) are joint managers of a Bonsai shop. Suddenly Shinnosuke's childhood friend Haruko (Mami Nakamura) turns up. She has split up with her boyfriend and finds herself out on the streets. Shinnosuke starts to like Haruko and really wants to cheer her up, but he can't manage to express his real feelings or stop picking up other women. Misawa is dumbfounded by Shinnosuke's behavior but also has complex feelings of love for his friend. Haruko realizes that Shinnosuke is falling in love with her but she pretends not to notice in order to keep the peace between the friends. Then one day Shinnosuke suddenly blurts out his feelings for Haruko, but she has just hooked up with another man. Haruko moves out of the shop and in with the man, but then his wife returns and Haruko finds herself out on the streets again. Shinnosuke has to start cheering her up all over again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dfl8qhGaYe8FCpQ1yMIBFQyknDa.jpg", "actors": ["Nozomi Ando ()", "Y\u00f4ko Ch\u00f4sokabe ()", "Fumiyo Kohinata ()", "Makiko Kuno ()", "Keishi Nagatsuka ()", "Mami Nakamura (Haruko)", "Kiyohiko Shibukawa (Shinnosuke)", "Seiichi Tanabe ()", "Kumiko Tsuchiya ()", "Miho Tsumiki ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}