{"tmdb_id": 145878, "title": "The First Texan", "original_title": "The First Texan", "slug_title": "the-first-texan", "date": "1956-06-29", "genre": ["Histoire / Western"], "score": "3.2/10", "synopsis": "After arriving in Texas to escape a scandal back east, lawyer Sam Houston just wants to hang out his shingle, keep a low profile, and stay out of any political intrigue. However, when President Jackson personally orders him to lead the fight for Texan independence, he overcomes his reluctance to become involved and leads his compatriots to a string of victories over the Mexican army.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p4s4lx0slrh5LxI6zD0zC637yNy.jpg", "actors": ["Joel McCrea (Sam Houston)", "Felicia Farr (Katherine Delaney)", "Jeff Morrow (Jim Bowie)", "Wallace Ford (Henry Delaney)", "Abraham Sofaer (Don Carlos - magistrate)", "Jody McCrea (Lt. Baker)", "Chubby Johnson (Deaf Smith - army scout)", "William Hopper (William Barrett Travis)", "Dayton Lummis (Stephen Austin)", "Rodolfo Hoyos Jr. (Col. Cos (as Rodolfo Hoyos))", "Roy Roberts (Col. Sam Sherman)", "David Silva (General Antonio Lopez de Santa Ana)", "Frank Puglia (Pepe)", "James Griffith (Davy Crockett)", "Nelson Leigh (Col. Hockley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You are foolish Se\u00f1or, but not lacking in courage.\r\n\r\nThe First Texan is directed by Byron Haskin and written by Daniel B. Ullman. It stars Joel McCrea, Felicia Farr, Jeff Morrow, Wallace Ford and Rodolfo Hoyos. A Technicolor/CinemaScope production, cinematography is by Wilfrid Cline and music by Roy Webb. \r\n\r\nMcCrea plays Sam Houston, who after travelling from Tennessee to San Antonio, Texas, starts to shape Texas history in spite of his initial reluctance. \r\n\r\nOK! So it's no Sam Houston biography of considerable substance or big bucks production values, I mean how was it ever going to be so when it only runs at just over 82 minutes? Yet this is still a very colourful and engaging picture, with the core essence of the Sam Houston story firmly put forward. We are basically watching what Huston was doing as elsewhere The Alamo was playing its part in historical legend. This means that the narrative is given to mostly talky passages as political machinations and power hungry posturings come to the fore. Thankfully, in McCrea's hands Houston comes off as a fascinating and inspiring man, which in the grand scheme of things is objective achieved. \r\n\r\nThere is, perhaps inevitably, a romantic sub-plot, which explains why the gorgeous Felicia Farr is in the movie, sadly it's not only a token characterisation, but also historically suspect to say the least. But again, take it with a pinch of salt and buy into Houston the man and it never hurts the story. It all builds towards the battle of San Jacinto, where spurred on by famous chants about remembering The Alamo, Houston led his forces to victory over General Antonio L\u00f3pez de Santa Anna's Mexican army. Financial restraints mean we don't get the big and bold battle that history deserves, but what is on offer is deftly staged regardless, as stunt-men flail about and cannons do roar. \r\n\r\nNothing approaching educational class standards here, but with McCrea a strong and rugged presence, and Haskin rising above budget limitations to tell a literary story, The First Texan is as solid as a San Antonio mission built with limestone that has been cemented by a stucco layer. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}