{"tmdb_id": 14604, "title": "Fant\u00f4mes en vadrouille", "original_title": "Hold That Ghost", "slug_title": "fantomes-en-vadrouille", "date": "1941-08-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Deux agents de la station de service maladroits sont laiss\u00e9s comme les seuls b\u00e9n\u00e9ficiaires de la volont\u00e9 d'un gangster. Leur voyage \u00e0 r\u00e9clamer leur fortune est d\u00e9rout\u00e9 quand ils sont bloqu\u00e9s dans une maison hant\u00e9e avec plusieurs autres \u00e9trangers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7UgDUi9xG7QP0CmukDTJds2WdWC.jpg", "actors": ["Bud Abbott (Chuck Murray)", "Lou Costello (Ferdinand Jones)", "Richard Carlson (Doctor Jackson)", "Joan Davis (Camille Brewster)", "Mischa Auer (Gregory)", "Evelyn Ankers (Norma Lind)", "Marc Lawrence (Charlie Smith)", "Shemp Howard (Soda Jerk)", "Russell Hicks (Bannister)", "William B. Davidson (Moose Matson (as William Davidson))", "Ted Lewis (Ted Lewis)", "Laverne Andrews (Laverne Andrews)", "Maxene Andrews (Maxene Andrews)", "Patty Andrews (Patty Andrews)", "Thurston Hall (Alderman Birch (uncredited))", "Janet Shaw (Alderman's Girl (uncredited))", "Paul Fix (Lefty (uncredited))", "Nestor Paiva (Glum (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Look, from now on, keep one eye on that candle, another eye on that one, and with the other eye watch me!\r\n\r\nHold That Ghost is directed by Arthur Lubin and collectively written by Robert Lees, Frederic Rinaldo & John Grant. It stars Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Richard Carlson, Joan Davis, Mischa Auer, Evelyn Ankers, and Marc Lawrence. Music is by Hans J. Salter and cinematography by Elwood Bredell.\r\n\r\nThis is the fourth film from Abbott and Costello and finds the boys back on form after a dip in quality with their previous film, In the Navy. Here they play a couple of inept gas station workers who through a bizarre coincidence inherit a gangster's will. This pitches them up at a haunted house, where strangers are in their midst and a host of spooky goings on gets in the way of finding a hidden stash of cash. One of their better efforts for sure, the gags fly off the tongues and the skits are still fresh and exciting. Strong support also helps the flow of things, while musical relief from the zaniness comes via the Andrews Sisters. Well constructed all round really, just keep your eyes on those candles for us! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [33486, 29605, 49092, 33480], "youtube_key": "F82xYOsBd6k"}