{"tmdb_id": 146238, "title": "Players", "original_title": "Runner Runner", "slug_title": "players", "date": "2013-09-24", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Richie, \u00e9tudiant \u00e0 Princeton, joue au poker en ligne pour payer ses frais de scolarit\u00e9. Lorsqu'il se retrouve ruin\u00e9, persuad\u00e9 d'avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 arnaqu\u00e9, il d\u00e9cide de s'envoler pour le Costa Rica afin de retrouver la trace d'Ivan Block, le cr\u00e9ateur du site. Ivan prend Richie sous son aile et l'am\u00e8ne \u00e0 int\u00e9grer son business. Sentant grandir le danger et r\u00e9alisant les ambitions d\u00e9mesur\u00e9es de son boss, Richie va tenter de renverser la donne en sa faveur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vh3pmcySB3sWkNwLRIyrbTugSrD.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Ivan Block)", "Gemma Arterton (Rebecca Shafran)", "Justin Timberlake (Richie Furst)", "Anthony Mackie (Shavers)", "David Costabile (Professor Hornstein)", "John Heard (Harry Furst)", "Michael Esper (Billy 'Pet' Petricoff)", "Oliver Cooper (Andrew Cronin)", "Christian George (Wilson)", "Yul Vazquez (Delegate Herrera)", "James Molina (Esteban)", "Louis Lombardi (Archie)", "Vincent Laresca (Sergeant Barrancas)", "Sam Palladio (Shecky)", "Ben Schwartz (Craig)", "Dayo Okeniyi (Lionel)", "Laura Aleman (Masseuse)", "Sam Upton (Agent Poole)", "Hugh Scott (Shooter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Predictable and forgettable movie. Please, don't let Affleck to perform a bad guy ever again."}, {"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A kid is getting other kids to play poker online. The head of the university doesn't like it and threaten to throw him out. The kid (Justin Timberlake) takes all his money and play some poker, hoping that he will win and his future secure. Well, you guessed it, he loses everything. But, not because he is bad or anything, no, there is this guy called Ivan (Ben Affleck) who runs these online casinos, and who cheats the poor young kids.\r\n\r\nNow there is only one sensible thing to do, which is to go to Costa Rica and confront the bad guy with his scheme. Thats exactly what I would do. Well, nah, not really, but I hope you see where I am going with this. He arrives in Costa Rica, and soon finds himself at the deep end of the pool, hunted by Ivan, some dude named Herrera and the FBI... of course.\r\n\r\nThe plot is idiotic, as you might have guessed. It makes no sense, and the poor actors don't know how to act. And honestly, I don't blame them, they don't understand the manuscript either. I looked for a little light in the darkness, and I think I found it... the  photography. There are some beautiful images in this movie, worthy of a James Bond movie, and you know what, the plot matches the Bond movies of late pretty well too. Yeah, I am not a big Bond fan either.\r\n\r\n_Last words... it's not worth it. Ben Affleck is an overrated actor, not worth your time. Mr. Timberlake should just have stopped after The Social Network, and he would have stopped on top. This movie... don't waste your time on it. If you like poker and want to see a nice poker movie, watch Rounders instead, or even 21._"}], "recommandations_id": [115348, 109091, 98357, 284536], "youtube_key": "UFPqyNvNzvU"}