{"tmdb_id": 146449, "title": "Loose Ankles", "original_title": "Loose Ankles", "slug_title": "loose-ankles", "date": "1930-02-02", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "A grandmother's will  leaves her fortune to a few, mostly to her great-niece Ann. Ann will only receive her inheritance once she marries, with the approval of three of her stuffed-shirt relatives and without scandal. Otherwise the estate goes to the cat and dog hospital. Ann, not needing the money, rebels by seeking scandal with a gigolo.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sIHFHMN5o0PxrehPCJzrxvxhnh7.jpg", "actors": ["Loretta Young (Ann)", "Douglas Fairbanks Jr. (Gil)", "Louise Fazenda (Katherine)", "Otis Harlan (Major)", "Daphne Pollard (Agnes)", "Edward Nugent (Andy Martin (as Eddie Nugent))", "Inez Courtney (Betty)", "Ethel Wales (Aunt Katherine Harper)", "Norman Selby (Terry Todd)", "Raymond Keane (Linton)", "Billy Bletcher (Mr. Berry from Logan)", "Bobby Dunn (Butler)", "Billy Franey (Circus Cafe Waiter)", "Sydney Jarvis (Circus Cafe Ringmaster)", "Gus Leonard (Mr. Berry from Walla Walla)", "Virginia Sale (Mrs. Berry from Walla Walla)", "Glen Walters (Mrs. Berry from Logan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank F", "content": "Loose Ankles is an early B-grade, pre-code, comedy talkie starring Loretta Young and Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. Like many films of during the transition to talkies the plot is convoluted, the script weak and with mostly poor acting. Still, the film has appeal to those interested in this era."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "jYL-uP_8wIs"}