{"tmdb_id": 146508, "title": "Sj\u00f6salav\u00e5r", "original_title": "Sj\u00f6salav\u00e5r", "slug_title": "sjosalavar", "date": "1949-09-05", "genre": ["Musique / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Troubadour sits at a rock beside his summerhouse Sj\u00f6sala in the Stockholm archipelago. He is composing a new ballad, when his son Sven Bertil interrupts him, telling him that an angry man is knocking at their door. It is the creditor Andersson, coming with a new unpaid bill to be put on the top of all the other. The Troubadour is tired of all economical problems. It disturbs the peace he needs to be able to write new songs, and without new songs he cannot earn the money he needs to pay the bills. To get peace and inspiration for his writing, he makes a quick decision to go to Buenos Aires. By phone he persuades his publisher to prepay 7000 kronor for some future book. On the little ferry from the islands in the sea to Stockholm city the Troubadour is carried away by his imagination into the fictitious world of his main character Fritiof Andersson. Colorful scenes from various songs are enacted before his dreaming eyes. In Stockholm he spends the night at the inn Gyldene Freden. ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d007vmAAt1NPBlrfKlUkWh2fFaw.jpg", "actors": ["Evert Taube (The Troubadour)", "Elof Ahrle (Fritiof Andersson)", "Maj-Britt Nilsson (Elvira)", "Douglas H\u00e5ge (The cook)", "Benkt-\u00c5ke Benktsson (Elvira's father)", "John Elfstr\u00f6m (Ernst Georg)", "Sture Ericson (Strand)", "\u00c5ke Fridell (Karl-Oscar)", "Ulla Andreasson (Marita)", "Hj\u00f6rdis Petterson (Elvira's mother)", "Alexander von Baumgarten (Bar Manager in Ultra Mar)", "Bojan Westin (Emma)", "Oscar Ljung (Sailor)", "Lissi Alandh (Party girl)", "Per Arne Qvarsebo (Calle L\u00e5ng)", "Topsy H\u00e5kansson (Afrodite)", "Sven-Bertil Taube ()", "Astri Taube ()", "Nathanael Shell (Dancer)", "Katharine Crawford (American girl)", "Lolita Russel Jones (Creol woman)", "Henake Schubak (Gonzales)", "Stig J\u00e4rrel (Carmencita's father)", "Ellen Rasch (Carmencita)", "Gita Gordeladze (Bar girl)", "Julius Mengarelli (Apollon)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}