{"tmdb_id": 14675, "title": "Cette sacr\u00e9e v\u00e9rit\u00e9", "original_title": "The Awful Truth", "slug_title": "cette-sacree-verite", "date": "1937-10-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Jerry Warriner et sa femme Lucy se mentent depuis longtemps sans en \u00eatre dupes. Ils d\u00e9cident donc, d'un commun accord, de divorcer. Ils s'engagent tous les deux \u00e0 d'autres personnes : Lucy avec un riche mais ennuyeux homme d'affaire d'Oklahoma qui voyage avec sa m\u00e8re, Jerry avec Barbara Valance, une jeune h\u00e9riti\u00e8re. Chacun fait de son mieux pour que les plans de l'autre \u00e9chouent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2VtsJoxvjpcMpwh0gweS8IMfHxO.jpg", "actors": ["Irene Dunne (Lucy Warriner)", "Cary Grant (Jerry Warriner)", "Ralph Bellamy ('Dan' Leeson)", "Alexander D'Arcy (Armand Duvalle)", "Cecil Cunningham (Aunt Patsy)", "Molly Lamont (Barbara Vance)", "Esther Dale (Mrs. Leeson)", "Joyce Compton (Dixie Belle Lee)", "Robert 'Tex' Allen (Frank Randall)", "Robert Warwick (Mr. Vance)", "Mary Forbes (Mrs. Vance)", "Claud Allister (Lord Fabian (uncredited))", "Al Bridge (Motor Cop (uncredited))", "Edgar Dearing (Motor Cop (uncredited))", "Wyn Cahoon (Mrs. Barnsley (uncredited))", "Sarah Edwards (Lucy's Attorney's Wife (uncredited))", "Bess Flowers (Viola Heath (uncredited))", "Mitchell Harris (Jerry's Attorney (uncredited))", "Dell Henderson (Vance's Butler (uncredited))", "Scott Kolk (Mr. Barnsley (uncredited))", "Bert Moorhouse (Nightclub Patron (uncredited))", "Miki Morita (Armand's Japanese Servant (uncredited))", "Edmund Mortimer (Lucy's Attorney (uncredited))", "Zita Moulton (Lady Fabian (uncredited))", "George C. Pearce ('Dad' (uncredited))", "Edward Peil Sr. (Bailiff (uncredited))", "Paul Stanton (Judge (uncredited))", "John Tyrrell (Hank (uncredited))", "Frank C. Wilson (Master of Ceremonies (uncredited))", "Ruth Cherrington (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Dora Clement (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Arthur Stuart Hull (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Frank McLure (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Frances Raymond (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Bruce Sidney (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Lee Willard (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Skippy (Mr. Smith)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The rooster and the hen!\r\n\r\nLucy & Jerry Warriner strain their marriage by suspecting each other of cheating, so much so, a day in court leaves them with a 90 day prelude to a divorce. Sure enough, though, love never quite runs as expected, and can indeed be a truly complex thing, especially when the other parties involved are human, a cheeky cat, and a rather smart and astute canine!\r\n\r\nThe Awful Truth is tagged as part of the wonderful genre that encompasses the screwball comedy, and although to a degree that genre placement is true, I do believe that those not particularly fond of the high octane scattergun comedies from the genre, will certainly find this offering far more appealing with its pacing and lighthearted production values.\r\n\r\nThe Awful Truth began life as a stage play in the early 20s, and was then adapted to film twice previously in 1925 & 1929, but here for the 1937 version, director Leo McCarey (Academy Award winner Best Director) improves the story big time with sharp witty dialogue and an appreciative knack for letting his actors improvise at free will in the name of comedy. Taking the lead roles of the Warriner's is Cary Grant & Irene Dunne, and it's a great pairing as they positively bounce of each other with almost carefree abandon. Adding greatly to the frivolity is Ralph Bellamy as tone death country bumpkin love interest Daniel, Alex D'Arcy as the suave but naive Armand, and Cecil Cunningham as the wry Aunt Patsy. It's a seamless enjoyable romp containing many laugh out loud sequences, and as much as the outcome my never be in doubt, the ending is still a joy to behold. Even if the cat and the clock invariably steal the show!\r\n\r\nWonderful and highly recommended. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13562, 16274, 3086, 43832], "youtube_key": "Lk4pzBVfs_o"}