{"tmdb_id": 146852, "title": "The Brain", "original_title": "The Brain", "slug_title": "the-brain", "date": "1962-09-05", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Crime / Horreur / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "A millionaire businessman's brain is kept alive after a fatal accident, and communicates clues to a doctor on the trail of the killer", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3BmfEGa2na4RckbNzpUJn5uFfV.jpg", "actors": ["Peter van Eyck (Dr. Peter Corrie)", "Anne Heywood (Anna Holt)", "Cecil Parker (Stevenson)", "Bernard Lee (Dr. Frank Shears)", "Ellen Schwiers (Ella)", "Siegfried Lowitz (Mr. Walters)", "Hans Nielsen (Immerman)", "Jeremy Spenser (Martin Holt)", "Maxine Audley (Marion Fane)", "Jack MacGowran (Furber)", "Miles Malleson (Dr. Miller)", "George A. Cooper (Thomas Gabler)", "Dieter Borsche (Dr. Miller)", "Ann Sears (Stevenson's secretary)", "Irene Richmond (Mrs. Gabler)", "Allan Cuthbertson (Da Silva)", "Bandana Das Gupta (Miss Soong)", "Alister Williamson (Inspector Pike)", "Patsy Rowlands ()", "Bryan Pringle ()", "Frank Forsyth ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Instrument of Terror!\r\n\r\nAn adaptation of film noir legend Curt Siodmak's novel, Donovan's Brain, The Brain offers up a murder mystery narrative to go with the mad science angle. It's not particularly thrilling but it does tick along nicely and director Freddie Francis has a keen eye for scene staging. Cast features Peter Van Eyck, Anne Heywood, Cecil Parker and Bernard Lee, and they all do what is required to make the material work. Stand out moments involve some delightfully monstrous paintings, a lie detector scene and all the sequences where Van Eyck is possessed by the brain of the powerful industrialist who was murdered by person or persons unknown. Good and safe \"B\" schlocky fare for the so inclined. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [98903], "youtube_key": "notfound"}