{"tmdb_id": 14698, "title": "Soudain l'\u00e9t\u00e9 dernier", "original_title": "Suddenly, Last Summer", "slug_title": "soudain-l-ete-dernier", "date": "1959-12-22", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "A la Nouvelle-Orl\u00e9ans de 1937, une riche veuve, Violet Venable, propose de financer l'h\u00f4pital public Lyons View si l'un de ses praticiens, le docteur Cukrowicz, accepte de pratiquer une lobotomie sur sa ni\u00e8ce Catherine Holly. Celle-ci est intern\u00e9e depuis le d\u00e9c\u00e8s myst\u00e9rieux, durant un p\u00e9riple estival, de Sebastian Venable, po\u00e8te et fils de Mrs Venable. La version que raconte Catherine du d\u00e9c\u00e8s de Sebastian para\u00eet tellement loufoque, que Violet la croit folle \u00e0 lier. Avec l'aide du Dr Cukrowicz, Catherine va peu \u00e0 peu recouvrer la m\u00e9moire jusqu'\u00e0 r\u00e9v\u00e9ler une v\u00e9rit\u00e9 que certains auraient pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 rester enfouie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gvnPay4mSE4tbDzjv2e1sdcUJTD.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Taylor (Catherine Holly)", "Katharine Hepburn (Mrs. Violet Venable)", "Montgomery Clift (Dr. Cukrowicz)", "Albert Dekker (Dr. Lawrence J. Hockstader)", "Mercedes McCambridge (Mrs. Grace Holly)", "Gary Raymond (George Holly)", "Mavis Villiers (Miss Foxhill)", "Patricia Marmont (Nurse Benson)", "Joan Young (Sister Felicity)", "Maria Britneva (Lucy)", "Sheila Robbins (Dr. Hockstader's Secretary)", "David Cameron (Young Blonde Interne)", "Gore Vidal (Audience Member at Operation)", "Eddie Fisher (Street Urchin (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Talk is never cheap when sourced from Tennessee Williams.\r\n\r\nMillionairess, Violet Venable is obsessed with her now dead son, Sebastian. Sebastian met his untimely end whilst on vacation with his cousin Catharine, an end that has sent Catharine almost to the edge of insanity. Violet, very concerned about Catharine and her hurtful ramblings, enlists brain surgeon Dr. Cukrowicz to see if he will perform a lobotomy on the poor girl, but as Cukrowicz digs deeper, motives and facts come crashing together to reveal something far more worrying.\r\n\r\nAs one expects from a Tennessee Williams adaptation, this picture is very talky, perhaps borderline annoyingly so? Yet it has to be said that for those willing to invest the time with it, the pay off is well worth the wait. Suddenly Last Summer is an odd mix of campy melodrama and Gothic horror leanings, a mix that personally doesn't quite hit all the intended spots. It could have been so different, though, for if Gore Vidal and Joseph Mankiewicz had been given free rein back in this day of code restrictions, well the picture would surely have been close to masterpiece status. This adaptation only gives us little snippets on which to feed, we are aware of the homosexuality of the departed Sebastian, and other hints that come our way include incest, sadism and dubious class issues, but ultimately such strong material is never fully formed.\r\n\r\nElizabeth Taylor owns the picture as Catharine, sultry with heaving bosom, she does an excellent line in borderline nut case, all woe is me martyrdom and her final scenes are what pays the viewer off for their patience. Katharine Hepburn plays Violet and manages to chew the scenery and spit it out, it's an elegant performance but you really want more than we actually get! Montgomery Clift is the good doctor, not one of his better performances because he isn't asked to expand the character, just say his lines right, look baleful from time to time and play off Taylor's lead, job done really.\r\n\r\nIt's a recommended film to a degree, certainly one that simmers with an almost oppressive feel, but if the film is one to revisit often? Well that's up for debate and dependent on the viewer's inclination towards dialogue driven films. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [45578, 28571, 32499, 14638]}