{"tmdb_id": 14710, "title": "Le Cavalier du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "The Westerner", "slug_title": "le-cavalier-du-desert", "date": "1940-09-18", "genre": "Action / Western / Romance", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort par le juge Bean, un cow-boy est sauv\u00e9 parce qu'il feint conna\u00eetre Lily Langtry dont le juge est amoureux. Parvenu \u00e0 se faire nommer sh\u00e9rif d'une ville voisine, il affronte Bean.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/opuuokTJHV1TgUx52D76K4tEen1.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Cooper (Cole Harden)", "Walter Brennan (Judge Roy Bean)", "Doris Davenport (Jane Ellen Mathews)", "Fred Stone (Caliphet Mathews)", "Forrest Tucker (Wade Harper)", "Paul Hurst (Chickenfoot)", "Chill Wills (Southeast)", "Lilian Bond (Lily Langtry)", "Dana Andrews (Hod Johnson)", "Charles Halton (Mort Borrow)", "Trevor Bardette (Shad Wilkins)", "Tom Tyler (King Evans)", "Lucien Littlefield (The Stranger)", "C.E. Anderson (Hezekiah Willever)", "Stanley Andrews (Sheriff)", "Arthur Aylesworth (Mr. Dixon - Homesteader)", "Bill Beauman (Man Getting Haircut)", "Hank Bell (Deputy)", "Gertrude Bennett (Abigail)", "Danny Borzage (Joe Yates)", "Charles Coleman (Lily Langtry's Manager)", "Heinie Conklin (Man at Ticket Window)", "Philip Connor (John Yancy)", "Buck Connors (Abraham Wilson)", "Frank Cordell (Man)", "Jim Corey (Lee Webb)", "Joe De La Cruz (Mex)", "Helen Foster (Janice)", "William Gillis (Leon Beauregard)", "Roger Gray (Eph Stringer - Homesteader)", "Aleth Hansen (Walt McGary)", "Lew Kelly (Ticket Man)", "Connie Leon (Lily Langtry's Maid)", "Art Mix (Seth Tucker)", "Corbet Morris (Orchestra Leader)", "Buck Moulton (Charles Evans)", "Jack Pennick (Henry Williams)", "Julian Rivero (Juan Gomez)", "Henry Roquemore (Stage Manager)", "Annabelle Rousseau (Elizabeth)", "Miriam Sherwin (Martha)", "William Steele (Tex Cole)", "Phil Tead (Prisoner)", "Lupita Tovar (Teresita)", "Blackjack Ward (Buck Harrigan)", "Ted Wells (Joe Lawrence)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Law West of the Pecos. \r\n\r\nThe Westerner is directed by William Wyler and written by Niven Busch, Jo Swerling and Stuart N. Lake. It stars Gary Cooper, Walter Brennan, Fred Stone and Doris Davenport. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Gregg Toland. \r\n\r\nStory is a fictionalised account about Judge Roy Bean (Brennan), who here rules Vingaroon Town by his own law and punishment. When suspected horse thief Cole Harden (Cooper) comes under his judicial system, they become odd friends due to Harden claiming to know personally Lily Langtree - the object of Bean's worship. \r\n\r\nLots of uncredited work was involved in the making of The Westerner, while Cooper famously sulked about not having the main character role, so much so his part was expanded and he performed under contract but under protest! Fact is is that it is as everyone has said before, Brennan steals the film regardless, winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar in the process. Cooper needn't have worried, he's very good here, turning in a number of various strains to Harden's character, bouncing off of Brennan to the pics eternal benefit. \r\n\r\nAt the core of the plot is a good old fashioned thread involving Homesteaders versus Cattlemen, with Bean throwing his weight around and Harden forced to reevaluate his standing in the town when he falls for Jane Ellen Mathews (Davenport). The Lily Langtree (Lilian Bond) strand gives the pic an offbeat sensibility, making this a sort of dramatic comedy oater, but it works really well. Toland's photography is superb, sharp black and white sequences are given ethereal qualities, hinting at the fact this at times fun picture might be leading to a darker path? \r\n\r\nDavenport is weak and most of the supporting players struggle to make much of an impact, but come the attention grabbing finale you know you have been fed a wholesome western of substance. Propelled by two acting legends. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [188470, 43314, 28115, 42295]}