{"tmdb_id": 147252, "title": "Brit Floyd - The Pink Floyd Tribute Show - Live From Liverpool", "original_title": "Brit Floyd - The Pink Floyd Tribute Show - Live From Liverpool", "slug_title": "brit-floyd-the-pink-floyd-tribute-show-live-from-liverpool", "date": "2011-01-22", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Brit Floyd takes the Pink Floyd tribute experience to a brand new level. Their upcoming global tour, Pink Floyd Greatest Hits World Tour 2011, will showcase the biggest and most spectacular Floyd tribute of all time.  Two and a half hours of the absolute best of Floyd live in the sort of spectacularly ostentatious setting that all true Floyd fans will relish.  PART 1 \t01. Show Intro \t02. Shine On You Crazy Diamond \t03. Learning To Fly \t04. High Hopes \t05. Welcome To The Machine \t06. Mother \t07. Pig (Three Different Ones)  PART 2 \t08. Echoes \t09. Time \t10. The Great Gig In The Sky \t11. Wish You Were Here \t12. One Of These Days \t13. Nobody Home \t14. Us And Them \t15. The Happiest Day Of Our Live \t16. Another Brick In The Wall (part2) \t17. Band Introductions \t18. Comfortably Numb  Bonus: \t- Free Bird (excerpt Guitar Solo) \t- Won't Get Fooled Again", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3iq2Q1D0BRPYOea6iCIXHyjOQ9E.jpg", "actors": ["Damian Darlington (Musical Director, guitar, lapsteel, vocals)", "Ian Cattell (Bass guitar, vocals)", "Bobby Harrison (Guitar, vocals)", "Rob Stringer (Keyboards, vocals)", "Rick Benbow (Keyboards)", "Arran Ahmun (Drums)", "Carl Brunsdon (Saxophones, bass guitar, acoustic guitar, percussion, keyboards, clarinet)", "Emily Jollands (Vocals)", "Amy Smith (Vocals, percussion)", "Jacquie Williams (Vocals)", "Ola Bienkowska (Vocals)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}