{"tmdb_id": 14746, "title": "Les rues de feu", "original_title": "Streets of Fire", "slug_title": "les-rues-de-feu", "date": "1984-06-01", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Ellen Aim, une chanteuse de rock est kidnapp\u00e9e par Raven et son gang de motards. Son ancien amant Tom Cody arrive en ville pour la lib\u00e9rer, ce qu'il fait rapidement. Raven et son \u00e9quipe se lance alors \u00e0 leur poursuite...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cbd7haj22LgogH8PycigSVmCNY7.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Par\u00e9 (Tom Cody)", "Diane Lane (Ellen Aim)", "Rick Moranis (Billy Fish)", "Amy Madigan (McCoy)", "Willem Dafoe (Raven Shaddock)", "Bill Paxton (Clyde the Bartender)", "Deborah Van Valkenburgh (Reva Cody)", "Richard Lawson (Officer Ed Price)", "Rick Rossovich (Officer Cooley)", "Lee Ving (Greer)", "Stoney Jackson (Bird - The Sorels)", "Grand L. Bush (Reggie - The Sorels)", "Robert Townsend (Lester - The Sorels)", "Mykelti Williamson (B.J. - The Sorels)", "Elizabeth Daily (Baby Doll)", "Lynne Thigpen (Subway Motorwoman)", "Marine Jahan (Torchie's Dancer)", "Ed Begley Jr. (Ben Gunn)", "John Dennis Johnston (Pete the Mechanic)", "Harry Beer (Squirt)", "Olivia Brown (Addie)", "Kip Waldo (Waldo)", "Peter Jason (Ardmore Cop Harry)", "Matthew Laurance (Ardmore Cop #2)", "John Hateley (Poker Player)", "Paul Mones (The Roadmasters)", "Vince Deadrick Jr. (The Roadmasters)", "Paul M. Lane (The Roadmasters)", "Bernie Pock (The Roadmasters)", "Spiro Razatos (The Roadmasters)", "Dave Alvin (The Blasters)", "Philip Alvin (The Blasters)", "Lee Allen (The Blasters)", "William Bateman (The Blasters)", "Kathy Griffin (Concertgoer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bombers, Blasters, Attackers and Streets of Fire.\r\n\r\nStreets of Fire is directed by Walter Hill who also co-writes the screenplay with Larry Gross. It stars Michael Par\u00e9, Diane Lane, Rick Moranis, Amy Madigan and Willem Dafoe. Music is scored by Ry Cooder and cinematography is by Andrew Laszlo.\r\n\r\nWhen the lead singer of Ellen Aim and the Attackers is kidnapped by biker gang The Bombers, her ex-soldier of fortune boyfriend is contacted and hired to go get her back...\r\n\r\nThere were a couple of movies released in 1984 by maverick directors that were frowned upon at the time, but are now significantly held in high regard and define the saying \"cult movie\". One was Alex Cox's Repo Man, the other was Walter Hill's Streets of Fire.\r\n\r\nStreets of Fire is a bastard hybrid of ideas and influences. In part a rock opera set to the backdrop of blink blink blinkity blink neonvillle, an unnamed place that lives and breathes between 50s angst and 80s futurism, in others it's a straight forward road/mission movie headed up by an anti-hero taking notes from Snake Plissken whilst jostling for cool space with Kyle Reese. It's a film, that by Hill's own admission, is unashamedly a collage of things he finds cool in cinema. Yet this is not a detriment to the pic, the narrative is straightforward as can be and Hill throws everything he can into the mix, and it works.\r\n\r\nIn essence it's a live action comic book, it knows it's just a film and has no pretencions to seem remotely real life. The look is wonderfully flamboyant and campy, where the hero and villain wear braces and PVC overalls respectively. The girls are a mixture of a teenage diva babe and a beer swilling roughneck babe. The city itself is a vibrant mix of colours and carnage, beauty and beats, and where the streets literally are on fire. Hill weighs in with his adroit flair for action, always kinetic, while the soundtrack rocks and the dialogue bubbles with self aware glee. Cast are super, some sexy and tough, others weaselly and weak, but all pumping the pop culture blood through the veins of the movie.\r\n\r\nWith style and cool to burn, both only beaten out by the action quotient, Streets of Fire is an ode to live action fun. And watching it now you can see just how it has influenced many a film maker post its release. Streets of Fire, one bad ass bitch funky sex machine. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12528, 14475, 6341, 6106], "youtube_key": "oJGo2rvfSuA"}