{"tmdb_id": 147905, "title": "La Brigade h\u00e9ro\u00efque", "original_title": "Saskatchewan", "slug_title": "la-brigade-heroique", "date": "1954-03-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Au retour d'une saison de chasse dans le Nord du Canada, O'Rourke et son demi-fr\u00e8re Cajou d\u00e9couvrent un wagon en feu et en extirpent Grace la seule survivante. Les hommes se retrouvent alors m\u00eal\u00e9s \u00e0 un conflit entre indiens Sioux et Cree avant que O'Rourke ne prenne la t\u00eate d'un commandement face \u00e0 l'incomp\u00e9tence du g\u00e9n\u00e9ral. De plus, il doit prot\u00e9ger Grace du marshall Smith qui la convoite.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zHExuOqEDlIZZQcs6wRKQ1rcYjz.jpg", "actors": ["Alan Ladd (Thomas O'Rourke)", "Shelley Winters (Grace Markey)", "J. Carrol Naish (Batouche)", "Hugh O'Brian (Carl Smith)", "Robert Douglas (Benton)", "George J. Lewis (Lawson)", "Richard Long (Patrick J. Scanlon)", "Jay Silverheels (Cajou)", "Antonio Moreno (Chief Dark Cloud)", "Frank Chase (Keller)", "Lowell Gilmore (Banks)", "Anthony Caruso (Spotted Eagle)", "Henry Wills (Merrill)", "Bob Herron (Brill)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mounties, Cree and the Sioux.  \r\n\r\nSaskatchewan is directed by Raoul Walsh and written by Gil Doud. It stars Alan Ladd, Shelley Winters, J. Carrol Naish, Hugh O'Brian, Jay Silverheels, George Lewis and Robert Douglas. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography in Technicolor is by John F. Seitz.\r\n\r\nSaskatchewan River Country, Spring 1877, and Mountie Sergeant O'Rourke (Ladd), who was reared by the Cree Indians, sets about trying to prevent the Cree from joining forces with the Sioux who have crossed the border into Canada after massacring General Custer at Little Bighorn.\r\n\r\nCompetent story with muscular direction for the action sequences, Saskatchewan is undoubtedly reliant on the beautiful visuals to keep the viewer enthralled. Plot is one of those that telegraphs the outcome right from the off, thus any genuine suspense is hard to garner, while the characterisations are drawn as standard. \r\n\r\nMale cast members are mostly fine, with Ladd always watchable when doing stoicism, but Winters, in a character desperately trying not to be a token, is sadly miscast. However, the action is of high standard, with lots of extras and horses whizzing about to create excitement, and the photography in and around Banff National Park in Alberta is sublime. \r\n\r\nWhether it's the wonderful mountains, the angled trees or the shimmering river (the latter providing a truly breath taking reflection at one point), Seitz's (The Lost Weekend/Sunset Boulevard) work for this film is reason enough to seek it out. 6/10\r\n\r\nThe Pegasus Region 2 DVD release is presented in 4:3 full frame and the picture quality is good to fair, if a little grainy for the very light scenes."}], "recommandations_id": [64139, 145966, 233795, 60545], "youtube_key": "notfound"}