{"tmdb_id": 14794, "title": "if....", "original_title": "if....", "slug_title": "if", "date": "1968-12-19", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans un coll\u00e8ge priv\u00e9 quelque part en Angleterre, les jeunes \u00e9l\u00e8ves doivent subir la f\u00e9roce discipline instaur\u00e9e par les adultes. Ces m\u00e9thodes sont destin\u00e9es \u00e0 changer de simples lyc\u00e9ens en dignes repr\u00e9sentants de l'establishment britannique. Trois \u00e9l\u00e8ves, qui refusent cet embrigadement de masse, rusent avec le syst\u00e8me, le d\u00e9tournent tout d'abord en douceur en utilisant des m\u00e9thodes de r\u00e9sistance passive. Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 leur r\u00e9volte tranquille devient une explosion de violence contre l'autorit\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wRunfVOhHZtUwPwaRuikSK6Fpfx.jpg", "actors": ["Malcolm McDowell (Mick Travis)", "Richard Warwick (Wallace)", "David Wood (Johnny Knightly)", "Christine Noonan (the girl)", "Rupert Webster (Bobby Phillips)", "Robert Swann (Rowntree)", "Hugh Thomas (Denson)", "Michael Cadman (Fortinbras)", "Peter Sproule (Barnes)", "Peter Jeffrey (Headmaster)", "Anthony Nicholls (General Denson: Staff)", "Arthur Lowe (Mr. Kemp: Staff)", "Mona Washbourne (Matron: Staff)", "Mary MacLeod (Mrs. Kemp: Staff)", "Sean Bury (Jute: Juniors)", "Guy Ross (Stephens)", "Robin Askwith (Keating)", "Philip Bagenal (Peanuts)", "Brian Pettifer (Biles)", "Michael Newport (Brunning)", "Graham Crowden (History Master: Staff)", "Charles Lloyd Pack (Classics Master: Staff)", "Geoffrey Chater (Chaplain: Staff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Released in 1968, directed by Lindsay Anderson with a screenplay by David Sherwin, <i>If....</i> is a story of three non-conformist schoolboys played by Malcolm McDowell, Richard Warwick and David Wood, who plot revenge. Organized as a series of tableaux separated by title cards, IF... spends its first half depicting the harsh rules that these boys live under at their elite public school, and the arbitrary punishments given out by senior boys, headed by the sinister Rowntree (Robert Swann) and the distant school officials. This is all in an environment of bizarre old rituals, Latin refrains, and hardly more intelligible English public school slang (and of course, it wouldn't be a classic story of British public school life without some innuendo about buggery.) In the second half of <i>If....</i>, as the storytelling takes on an increasingly surreal tone where we question what is real and what is fantasy, the boys and a girl from town get their hands on weapons and ultimately commit a massacre.\r\n\r\nThe 1960s was a time of war in Vietnam (and other violent conflicts brought to viewers globally by the media) and youth uprisings in the United States and France. Plus, these elite British school also featured compulsory military drill. In <i>If....</i>, the walls of these boys' dormitory is covered with magazine cutouts of war photographs, as if to say that in a violent world, it is no surprise if the young too made recourse to violence. In this respect it feels very much like a precursor to Aki Kaurism\u00e4ki's <i>The Match Factory Girl</i>. <i>If....</i> also reflects the new sexual freedom of 1960s Britain, and the frustration kindled in these young men who see such open sexual expression in magazines and town streets but cannot have any of it. There are a number of films from this era that document the rise of a counterculture and more open attitudes, but few are as sympathetic to these young people as this film of Anderson and Sherwin.\r\n\r\nThe only serious flaw of <i>If....</i> is that the main actors are too old to convincingly play teenagers, being in their mid 20s at the time of shooting. Imagine how much more shocking the film would be if it were real sixth-formers acting, though I suppose the (few) sex scenes made this impossible. Still, <i>If....</i> is deservedly a classic."}], "recommandations_id": [13384, 20108, 4495, 690]}