{"tmdb_id": 14801, "title": "Le cerveau d'acier", "original_title": "Colossus: The Forbin Project", "slug_title": "le-cerveau-d-acier", "date": "1970-04-08", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Charles Forbin a mis au point un super ordinateur qui va prendre en charge la gestion des d\u00e9fenses militaires am\u00e9ricaines. Mais, seulement quelques minutes apr\u00e8s sa mise en service dans des conditions r\u00e9elles, la machine envoie un \u00e9nigmatique message : \u00abIl y a un autre syst\u00e8me !\u00bb. C\u2019est le d\u00e9but d\u2019une aventure qui risque de changer le destin de l\u2019humanit\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2ETBVIVpv8KFrKTkxnI46vXnmCQ.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Braeden (Dr Charles Forbin)", "Susan Clark (Dr. Cleo Markham)", "Gordon Pinsent (The President)", "William Schallert (CIA Director Grauber)", "Georg Stanford Brown (Dr. John F. Fisher)", "Willard Sage (Dr. Blake)", "Alex Rodine (Dr. Kuprin)", "Martin E. Brooks (Dr. Jefferson J. Johnson)", "Marion Ross (Angela Fields)", "Dolph Sweet (Missile Commander)", "Byron Morrow (Secretary of State)", "Lew Brown (Peterson)", "Sid McCoy (Secretary of Defense)", "James Hong (Dr. Chin)", "Robert Cornthwaite (First Scientist)", "Tom Basham (Thomas L. Harrison)", "Paul Frees (Colossus (voice) (uncredited))", "Robert Quarry (Scientist (uncredited))", "Leonid Rostoff (Russian Chairman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Daz", "content": "This film is an overlooked classic. Very rarely seen on TV. It is both a science fiction tale and a Cold War drama. \r\n\r\nThe United States creates a super computer to control its defence systems. This advanced machine has its own intelligence so that it can absorb the mass of data required to manage the nuclear arsenal. Dr Charles Forbin the creator of this computer called Colossus. Forbin is soon informed that there is another system created in the Soviet Union called Guardian and both computers start communicating with each other. The computers start dictating terms/ making demands of their human masters. \r\n\r\nForbin is charged with stopping the machines before its too late. What is chilling is that the computers are far more smarter than the humans and things get very tricky. I can't say anymore, give this is go. This film is the forerunner for films like The Matrix and The Terminator. Great stuff."}], "recommandations_id": [32940, 47892, 59189, 35976], "youtube_key": "t46Kjy-IJpY"}