{"tmdb_id": 148175, "title": "Avoir 17 ans... \u00e0 40 ans", "original_title": "Young Again", "slug_title": "avoir-17-ans-a-40-ans", "date": "1986-05-11", "genre": "", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A 40 ans Michael, cadre sup\u00e9rieur grisonnant mais toujours s\u00e9ducteur, s'ennuie dans sa vie qu'il juge terne au point de regretter sans cesse l'insouciance de ses 17 ans. Quand un ange myst\u00e9rieux et jovial lui joue le tour d'exaucer un beau jour son v\u0153ux le plus cher, il reprend avec enthousiasme sa vie de lyc\u00e9en dans sa ville natale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p4ZW15twOPBgnMry2XrG0QNs5vQ.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Urich (Michael Riley)", "Lindsay Wagner (Laura Gordon)", "Keanu Reeves (Michael Riley)", "Jessica Steen (Tracy Gordon)", "Jack Gilford (The Angel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zavierz9", "content": "One of the best TV movies ever made! Why Disney hasn't released it on US VHS and DVD is beyond me. I originally watched it on the Diney Channel when I was little just to see Robert Urich and came away with a major crush on Keanu Reeves! This movie has a lot of heart and soul. One of Reeves' best performances. Reeves and Wagner are sweet together and Robert Urich is at his best. The way in which the screenwriter and director went about Urich's character getting his wish was smart. This movie is not at all cheesy like a lot of TV movies. The only flaw in the film is that it is too short(85 min.), so you don't get much of Urich and Wagner together. However, Reeves'charisma saves the film and makes you want more of him than Urich. A great film for the whole family. A+"}], "recommandations_id": []}