{"tmdb_id": 148109, "title": "Tower of Terror", "original_title": "Tower of Terror", "slug_title": "tower-of-terror", "date": "1941-12-27", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Wartime Germany: Marie, a concentration camp escapee on the run from the Nazis, narrowly escapes drowing when she is rescued by Wolfe Kristan a half-mad lighthouse keeper. Brought aboard the lighthouse itself, she begins to fall in love with the assistant keeper who, unknown to her, is a British spy. As the couple become more intimate, Kristan's jealously finally pushes him over the brink and into full-blown madness...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5y0YEYZYpTFGcKv3w2KdrDFcrR8.jpg", "actors": ["Wilfrid Lawson (Wolfe Kristan)", "Michael Rennie (Anthony Hale)", "Movita (Marie Durand)", "Morland Graham (Harbor Master Kleber)", "George Woodbridge (Gruppenfuhrer Rudolf Jurgens)", "Charles Rolfe (Albers)", "Richard George (Ship's Capt. Borkmann)", "H Victor Weske (Peters - resigning lighthouse assistant)", "Olive Sloane (Florist)", "Eric Clavering (Riemers)", "John Longden (Commander)", "Edward Sinclair (Fletcher - Hale's contact)", "Bob Cameron (Sergeant)", "Davina Craig ()", "Noel Dainton ()", "Rita Grant (Barmaid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Loony, Light and Love?\r\n\r\nTower of Terror is directed by Lawrence Huntington and written by John Argyle and John Reinhardt. It stars Wilfrid Lawson, Michael Rennie and Movita. Music is by Eddie Benson and cinematography by Walter Harvey and Ronald Anscombe.\r\n\r\nA lighthouse keeper gets bent out of shape when a woman who looks like his dead wife seeks refuge.\r\n\r\n3 miles off the German coast - Westerrode Lighthouse - lonely outpost of the North Sea.\r\n\r\nKeep Your Chin Up!\r\n\r\nHee. OK, we are in a movie that has British actors playing pesky Germans, so get past that and there's a most intriguing picture to be enjoyed here. Core of the story is two-fold, one part is a macabre thread where Wolfe Kristan (Lawson) is clearly unhinged and unhealthily thinks Concentration Camp escapee Marie Durand (Movita) is his dead wife. The other thread involves spies, fronted by a straight backed Rennie, and the search by the Germans to locate something important in his grasp. Naturally the play unfolds at the titular lighthouse of the title.\r\n\r\nAnd so we have shoot-outs, awesome mano-mano fight (Kristan has a hook for his right hand), some nifty model work destruction, period flavours (large square kettle - hooray) and lots of shadowy photography. There's even an absolute peach of a left hook thrown that looks real! While the finale excites and has a touch of horror about it. This be no earth mover in thriller terms, but it's gloriously old fashioned and entertaining while it's on. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [223611, 264131, 130101, 111736], "youtube_key": "notfound"}