{"tmdb_id": 148193, "title": "The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown", "original_title": "The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown", "slug_title": "the-fuzzy-pink-nightgown", "date": "1957-08-09", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9L53ppcoAChcKQnKGDyHWPfeelh.jpg", "actors": ["Jane Russell (Laurel Stevens)", "Keenan Wynn (Dandy)", "Ralph Meeker (Mike Valla)", "Fred Clark (Police Sergeant McBride)", "Una Merkel (Bertha)", "Adolphe Menjou (Arthur Martin)", "Benay Venuta (Daisy Parker)", "Robert Harris (Barney Baylies (as Robert H. Harris))", "Bob Kelley (Television Announcer)", "Dick Haynes (Disc Jockey)", "John Truax (Publicity Agent)", "Milton Frome (Police Lieutenant Dempsey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tricksy", "content": "Ralph Meeker looks great. He tended toward puffiness in the all too few movies he made after the great \"Kiss Me Deadly.\" Here he is trim and does a good job (with little to work with.) Keenan Wynn is all right. He played sidekicks -- sort of the Tony Randall of the 1950s.\r\n\r\nJane Russell wears the title outfit. She got a bad rap as an actress. She was hilarious in \"Gentleman Prefer Blondes\" and very convincing in her adventure/thrillers with Robert Mitchum.\r\n\r\nHere she is OK. Her acting is OK, that is. But she's supposed to be a movie star at her peak and this is a little hard to buy. I remember her TV ads in which she spoke of \"us full-figured gals.\" These came a couple decades after \"The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown.\" But the nightgown, and everything she wears, looks like a maternity frock. She looks big here. In the beginning of the film she wears a long blonde wig. It is monumentally unbecoming. She looks better when she takes it off.\r\n\r\nStill, the movie is a disappointment. It's always a treat to see Meeker. And the supporting cast comprises familiar faces and is amusing. But the movie is a misfire. Russell and Meeker have no particular chemistry. It isn't touching. And it isn't really very funny, director Taurog notwithstanding."}], "recommandations_id": []}