{"tmdb_id": 14837, "title": "Quarante tueurs", "original_title": "Forty Guns", "slug_title": "quarante-tueurs", "date": "1957-09-01", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "En 1880, en Arizona, le sh\u00e9rif f\u00e9d\u00e9ral Griff Bonnel est envoy\u00e9 \u00e0 Tombstone avec son fr\u00e8re Wes pour arr\u00eater une bande de quarante hors-la-loi dirig\u00e9e par la puissante Jessica Drummond.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4NvIolo2dMEVrceVqPrA4X6gAVp.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Stanwyck (Jessica Drummond)", "Barry Sullivan (Griff Bonell)", "Dean Jagger (Sheriff Ned Logan)", "John Ericson (Brockie Drummond)", "Gene Barry (Wes Bonell)", "Robert Dix (Chico Bonell)", "Jidge Carroll (Barney Cashman)", "Paul Dubov (Judge Macy)", "Gerald Milton (Shotgun Spanger)", "Hank Worden (Marshal John Chisum)", "Eve Brent (Louvenia Spanger)", "Ziva Rodann (Rio)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I was born upset.\r\n\r\nForty Guns is written and directed by Sam Fuller. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, Dean Jagger, John Ericson, Gene Barry, Robert Dix, Eve Brent and Ziva Rodann. Music is by Harry Sukman and cinematography by Joseph F. Biroc.\r\n\r\nIt's all going to kick off in Arizona between the Bonnell brothers, U.S.Marshals, and Jessica Drummond - the tough no nonsense lady rancher who controls the territory.\r\n\r\nSo what do we have here then? Just another recycled Western plot that is basically the Earp's/Clanton's feud that culminated in the Gunfight At The O.K. Corral? Well no, not really, for this is Sam Fuller on devilishly twisty form.\r\n\r\nFuller gives this particular Western a film noir make over, both in look and dialogue innuendo. Pic is filled with outstanding sequences, be it shocking deaths, bravado pumped show downs or chiaroscuro framing of key characters, no frame is wasted in this piece - visually or aurally.\r\n\r\nFrom a psychological stand point it's a right hornets nest, a meaty broth of cynical observations on love, power and that bastion of American cinema - the Western. The action construction on offer is electrifying, if Fuller isn't dallying with various camera techniques to keep the story on the hop, he's being kinetic with is action filming. All of which is in the Scope format, with the ace Biroc weaving some monochrome magic.\r\n\r\nProbably now it has risen above being just a cult Western classic, Fuller's standing in the decades that would follow this release have ensured that to be the case. Yet it is noted that this holds no surprises in how story eventually pans out, which is disappointing given the noir pulse beats driving it forward. In fact a charge of schmaltz at pics end is justified and stops this being the masterpiece many of us yearn it to be.\r\n\r\nStill, tis a superb genre piece of some considerable substance. A film that begs to be revisited on more than one occasion. Thank You Samuel. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86244, 26502, 36332, 17221], "youtube_key": "2svtJOZmhIM"}