{"tmdb_id": 14840, "title": "The Shadow Play", "original_title": "G\u00f6lge Oyunu", "slug_title": "the-shadow-play", "date": "1992-09-02", "genre": ["Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Mahmut and Abidin work as comedians at a night club, Mahmut is honest yet Abidin is sly. Sulo brings a deaf and dumb girl named Kumru, to working the night club, but the club owner sends her away, she in he sees that Kumru is deaf and dumb. Mahmut wants to help her and brings her to their house. She starts living with them. Kumru starts selling cigarettes and flowers in the club. Mahmut sees a picture in her hand and understands that she is looking for her mother. He decides to help her and finds out that the mother is in prison. Abidin and Mahmut fight for Kumru and Abidin starts to work in a different club with a different partner. Yet Abidin is very sad and decides to commit suicide, but Mahmut saves him. They start working together again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uzeskzZ7cOJrrnyE2xGx1IFd2uf.jpg", "actors": ["\u015eener \u015een (Abidin)", "\u015eevket Altu\u011f (Mahmut)", "Metin Cekmez (Ramazan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Tolga Tatari", "content": "The one of the very best movie of Tavuz Turgul's cinematography. Istanbul is the stage(iconographic background)all the characters are of warriors for their own existence for some reason.Time and city looses its originality day by day.Only the very best partners can have the same dream which may takes days. Love is so difficult to reach in that stage.I am not pessimistic in that point.Istanbul is becoming for something different from what it was before.True.There also is something new which is good and inspiring. The movie also carries of an important reference which reminds traditional \"G\u00f6lge Oyunu-Karag\u00f6z=two partners arguing all the time for an artificial subject that they discovered for performance\" As a revolutionist I do not agree with the idea that the movie says ;no way out to get this capitalistic degradation. (from mujdatbank, imdb)"}], "recommandations_id": [272835, 63237, 35964, 180864], "youtube_key": "notfound"}