{"tmdb_id": 14864, "title": "Hot Spot", "original_title": "The Hot Spot", "slug_title": "hot-spot", "date": "1990-10-12", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Le myst\u00e9rieux Harry Madox est engag\u00e9 comme vendeur de voitures dans une petite ville paisible du Texas. Il fait la connaissance de la gentille et na\u00efve Gloria, et de la torride Dolly, la femme de son patron. Entretenant une liaison avec les deux femmes, il s'int\u00e9resse \u00e9galement de tr\u00e8s pr\u00e8s \u00e0 la banque locale...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fMY8wTX1xYxWDuXEOPkfNwAzguo.jpg", "actors": ["Don Johnson (Harry Madox)", "Virginia Madsen (Dolly Harshaw)", "Jennifer Connelly (Gloria Harper)", "Charles Martin Smith (Lon Gulick)", "William Sadler (Frank Sutton)", "Jerry Hardin (George Harshaw)", "Barry Corbin (Sheriff)", "Leon Rippy (Deputy Tate)", "Jack Nance (Julian Ward)", "Virgil Frye (Deputy Buck)", "John Hawker (Uncle Mort)", "Margaret Bowman (Woman at Gas Station)", "Debra Cole (Irene Davey)", "Karen Culley (Cowgirl)", "Cody Haynes (Cowboy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you fall out of bed again the cockroaches are gonna start talking.\r\n\r\nThe Hot Spot is directed by Dennis Hopper and adapted to screenplay from the Charles Williams novel, \"Hell Hath No Fury\", by Nona Tyson and Charles Williams. It stars Don Johnson, Virginia Madsen, Jennifer Connelly, Charles Martin Smith and William Sadler. Music is by Jack Nitzsche and cinematography by Ueli Steiger.\r\n\r\nDennis Hopper loves film noir, he has been in some bona fide classic neo-noirs, whilst also turning his hand to directing that style of film making. The Hot Spot may not be a total success as such, but it is a superb effort that lovers of all things noir can feast upon. Story pitches Johnson as drifter Harry Madox, who lands in a Southern state town, bluffs his way into a car salesman job, plots a robbery, and then finds that two local ladies - of very different qualities - are about to change his life forever...\r\n\r\nI found my level and I'm living it.\r\n\r\nHopper turns in a honest and faithful tribute to the first wave of film noir, but armed with the fact this was his era of film making relaxations, he gets to sex things up. Blending noir with erotic thriller conventions allows Hopper to pile on plenty of sizzle, which comes in the form of Madsen, who as Dolly Harshaw gives neo-noir one of its finest femme fatales. Overtly sexual and on the surface a ditz, an easy lay, it's only when this part of noirville shows its hand - in true old school fashion - does the character become memorable still further.\r\n\r\nOn the flip side is Connelly's more straight laced Gloria Harper, who Madox coverts, yet there's baggage there as well (is she virginal?), baggage which adds more potency and trickery to this smouldering hot spot hot-pot. The girls are great, but so is Johnson, he broods and has a raw masculinity most fitting for this type of role. It's a shame he didn't do more neo-noir because he has the tools for the trade. Hopper brings sweat, sweaty close ups and noirville fans, while the photography and musical accompaniments are superbly compliant to the required atmosphere.\r\n\r\nThe editing is a let down, so many scenes needed to have the linger factor, but it's not enough to kill this fine slice of noir pie. A sexy guy in over his head, devious machinations from both sexes, robbery, arson, deaths, ignorance and stupidity, The Hot Spot is far from being boring! The deliberate slow burn pacing has alienated the casual \"crime/erotic thriller\" film fan, but for those who love and know their noir, the fireplace cinders approach is a joy because the pay off delivers all that we hoped. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37835, 24249, 10410, 32615], "youtube_key": "vmWLUAsas60"}