{"tmdb_id": 148855, "title": "Fais Ta Pri\u00e8re... Tom Dooley", "original_title": "The Legend of Tom Dooley", "slug_title": "fais-ta-priere-tom-dooley", "date": "1959-07-01", "genre": "Western / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "En 1865, un soldat sudiste et deux de ses amis attaquent une diligence nordiste et assassinent ses passagers. Cet acte aura de graves cons\u00e9quences...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h9CwQXoLiGLgaYJdoyoK1H4vDzd.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Landon (Tom Dooley)", "Jo Morrow (Laura Foster)", "Jack Hogan (Charlie Grayson)", "Richard Rust (Country Boy)", "Dee Pollock (Abel)", "Ken Lynch (Father)", "Howard Wright (Sheriff Joe Dobbs)", "Ralph Moody (Doc Henry)", "John Cliff (Lieutenant)", "Cheerio Meredith (Meg)", "Gary Hunley (The Kid)", "Anthony Jochim (Preacher)", "Jeff Morris (Confederate Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hang down your head and cry.\r\n\r\nThe Legend of Tom Dooley is based on the old folk song, Tom Dooley, which itself was inspired by a real life case about Tom Dula, who was convicted of the murder of Laura Foster in 1866. The films story pretty much follows the song, performed by The Kingston Trio as the title song and as part of the soundtrack - cum - screenplay! \r\n\r\nPhotographed nicely out of Chatsworth and Thousand Oaks, California, by Gilbert Warrenton, it stars Michael Landon, Jo Morrow, Jack Hogan, Richard Rust and Dee Pollock. The narrative and various character actions hit all the right emotional beats. A series of events, where circumstance dictates, puts Dooley and his two pals on the run, which with the Civil War literally only just over, makes for a powder-keg like backdrop. Things are further compounded by the fact that Dooley wants to go to his home town and get Laura, to elope to Tennessee, only he has a major love rival, the bitter and vengeful Charlie Grayson.\r\n\r\nThere's nary a dull moment in the 80 minute runtime, no pointless exposition or scene fillers of no consequence. Action junkies are catered for, with the usual Western staples adhered - though the speeding up of one round of knuckles is more chucklesome than exciting, but a shoot-out (actually a hold-out is a more appropriate terminology) part of the play is splendidly executed. Cast are dandy, doing what is needed to make it all work on an emotional level, with the stand out being Rust as Country Boy. He's a sort of John Ireland/Kevin Bacon hybrid, a very good character actor who deserves to be better known, even if he thankfully carved out a good career in film and TV.\r\n\r\nIt's no hidden gem of the Western genre sphere, and it doesn't break any new ground, but it's admirably constructed and keeps those wagon wheels turning. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}