{"tmdb_id": 148847, "title": "Duel dans la Sierra", "original_title": "The Last of the Fast Guns", "slug_title": "duel-dans-la-sierra", "date": "1958-07-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Mexique, 1880. Forbes, un riche notable engage Brad Ellison, tueur en qu\u00eate de reconversion, pour retrouver son fr\u00e8re Edward \u00e0 qui il souhaite l\u00e9guer son entreprise \u00e0 la place de son associ\u00e9. En route, Brad fait la connaissance de Miles, contrema\u00eetre du riche O\u2019Reilly avec lequel il poursuit sa recherche, notamment aupr\u00e8s du Padre Jose. Mais l\u2019associ\u00e9 de Forbes ne l\u2019entend pas de cette oreille...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ucgJxcair6eUU4SC9ZWfcNxocQA.jpg", "actors": ["Jock Mahoney (Brad Ellison)", "Gilbert Roland (Miles Lang)", "Linda Cristal (Maria O'Reilly)", "Eduard Franz (Padre Jose)", "Lorne Greene (Michael O'Reilly)", "Carl Benton Reid (John Forbes)", "Edward Platt (Sam Grypton)", "Eduardo Noriega (Cordoba)", "Jorge Trevi\u00f1o (Manuel)", "Rafael Alcayde (Alcade)", "Lee Morgan (Johnny Ringo)", "Milton Bernstein (James Younger)", "Stillman Segar (Ben Thompson)", "Jos\u00e9 Ch\u00e1vez (Jose Garcia)", "Francisco Reiguera (Pablo)", "Richard H. Cutting (Sheriff)", "Ralph Neff (Bartender)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oh Brother!\r\n\r\nThe Last of the Fast Guns is directed by George Sherman and written by David P. Harman. It stars Jock Mahoney, Gilbert Roland, Linda Cristal, Eduard Franz and Lorne Greene. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Alex Phillips.\r\n\r\nGunslinger Brad Ellison (Mahoney) is hired by a rich tycoon to find his long lost brother. The trail leads to Mexico where hostility and intrigue ensue.\r\n\r\nThere's nothing overtly fresh about this as per plotting, but it delivers good qualities via some interesting twists and turns. From the sombre beginning it's evident that the makers have contemplation in mind for the narrative drive. Ellison is the last of a dying breed, and he knows it, so should he achieve the task to hand, the $25,000 he will earn could shape his future. As he sets about his detective work, tests come and go, while he is befriended by Miles Lang (Roland) and finds himself flirting with Maria O'Reilly (Cristal). But is everything as it seems? Cast are made of stoic stock, though Cristal is purely eye candy token. Pic is very airy and the Mexican vistas, filmed in CinemaScope/Eastman Color, are gorgeous. \r\n\r\nA good meaty Oater that's well mounted, so recommended for genre fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [233795, 204994, 121161, 167788]}