{"tmdb_id": 149023, "title": "Christmas Oranges", "original_title": "Christmas Oranges", "slug_title": "christmas-oranges", "date": "2012-08-12", "genre": ["Familial"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "In a town not so far away and a time not so long ago, baby Rose was left on the porch of Greenwoods Orphanage, where Mrs. Hartley (Nancy Stafford) and the children under her tender care become her family. But when tragedy strikes, Rose (Bailee Johnson) loses the only home she has ever known and she is abruptly shipped to Irongates\u2014a place that seems as cold and cruel as her previous home was kind. The strict headmaster, Mr. Crampton (Edward Herrmann), immediately seems to dislike Rose\u2014and makes sure she and the other children are punished for any minor infraction of his rules. Rose soon makes friends with Emily, but in spite of her gentle and forgiving nature, some of the children will take any chance they can to get her into trouble. When she learns that every Christmas Mr. Crampton\u2019s generous brother gives an orange to each child, Rose waits in eager anticipation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/deYcGg8LI8kwmSwh1wZbNzl7lw6.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Newbold (Joe)", "Edward Herrmann (Mr. Crampton)", "Bailee Michelle Johnson (Rose)", "Savanna Kylie Lewis (Emily)", "Nancy Stafford (Mrs. Hartley)", "Danny James (Simon Beesley)", "Yolanda Wood (Polly)", "Elizabeth Hales (Miss Gladstone)", "Jill Adler (Eliza's Mother)", "Cate Allen (Walter's Mother)", "Kenneth Applegate (Michael's Father)", "Caitlin E.J. Meyer (Rose's Mother / Grace Crampton)", "Marlys Miller-Fladeland (Kind Benefactress)", "Sage Adler (Young Josephine)", "Danna Louisa Wilson (Charlotte)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NWgTc5-azNY"}