{"tmdb_id": 1491, "title": "L'Illusionniste", "original_title": "The Illusionist", "slug_title": "l-illusionniste", "date": "2006-08-18", "genre": "Fantastique / Drame / Thriller / Romance", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Vienne, dans les ann\u00e9es 1900. Surgit un jour le charismatique et myst\u00e9rieux illusionniste Eisenheim, qui ne tarda pas \u00e0 devenir l'homme le plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bre de la ville, l'incarnation vivante d'une magie \u00e0 laquelle personne n'osait plus croire... Mais la gloire d'Eisenheim est intol\u00e9rable au Prince h\u00e9ritier Leopold, dont la popularit\u00e9 d\u00e9cro\u00eet \u00e0 mesure que grandit celle de ce showman consomm\u00e9. Rationaliste convaincu, avide de pouvoir, le Prince a une raison suppl\u00e9mentaire de jalouser Eisenheim : ce dernier fut le grand amour de jeunesse de sa fianc\u00e9e, la belle Sophie von Teschen, qui nourrit encore pour lui de tr\u00e8s tendres sentiments. D\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 \u00e9carter ce rival, Leopold charge son homme de confiance, l'inspecteur Uhl, d'enqu\u00eater sur l'illusionniste et de d\u00e9voiler ses impostures. Une partie serr\u00e9e s'engage entre les deux hommes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tGsCZ9U8EbQehPVCZadXizNZtm9.jpg", "actors": ["Edward Norton (Eisenheim)", "Paul Giamatti (Inspector Uhl)", "Jessica Biel (Sophie)", "Rufus Sewell (Crown Prince Leopold)", "Eddie Marsan (Josef Fischer)", "Jake Wood (Jurka)", "Tom Fisher (Willigut)", "Karl Johnson (Doctor / Old Man)", "Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Young Eisenheim)", "Eleanor Tomlinson (Young Sophie)", "Vincent Franklin (Loschek)", "Nicholas Blane (Herr Doebler)", "Philip McGough (Dr. Hofzinser)", "Erich Redman (Count Rainer)", "Michael Carter (Von Thurnburg)", "Andreas Grothusen (Eisenheim's Father)", "Brian Caspe (Eisenheim's Assistant)", "Ellen Savaria (Mrs. Uhl)", "Vitezslav Bouchner (Sophie's Driver)", "David O'Kelly (Archduke)", "Richard Rowlands (Archduke)", "Reuben-Henry Biggs (Frankel)", "Robert Russell (Spiritualist Leader)", "Noel Le Bon (Arrested Man)", "David Fellowes (Respectable Man)", "Jan Nemejovsk\u00fd (Senior Officer)", "Ivo Nov\u00e1k (Senior Officer)", "Vladimir Kulhavy (Train Conductor)", "Duke Faeger (Audience Member)", "Brendan Gunn (Audience Member)", "Ryan James (Audience Member)", "Petr Meissel (Audience Member)", "Jeff Smith (Audience Member)", "Ivan Urb\u00e1nek (Audience Member)", "James Babson (Young Father (uncredited))", "Jaroslav V\u00edzner (Audience Member)", "Jir\u00ed Vacek (Audience Member)", "Noelle Trkulja (Audience Member)", "Anezka Novak (Audience Member)", "Alistair Macnaughtan (Audience Member)", "Nancy Bishop (Audience Member)", "John Early (Man on Street)", "Eva Kelemenov\u00e1 (Sobbing Woman)", "Alfred Strej\u010dek (Guard)", "Fasihiddin Khasanov (Boy Apparition in Audience)", "Jan Cibulka (Boy Apparition on Stage)", "Erdenbileg Sengee (Asian Assistant)", "Sondom Nararbadrakh (Asian Assistant)", "Cheng Feng (Asian Assistant)", "Purevdorj Boldsaikhan (Asian Assistant)", "Vadam Bat-Orshikh (Asian Assistant)", "Robin Ferenc (Street Urchin)", "Dominik Havelka (Street Urchin)", "Elias Bauer (Street Urchin Messenger)", "Sean Hall (Young Prince)", "Thomas McEnchroe (Aristocratic Boy)", "Oliver Blaha (Aristocratic Boy)", "Laurie Athey (Aristocratic Boy)", "David Forest (Traveling Magician)", "Matthew Blood-Smyth (Man Who Incites Riot)", "Vanessa Gendron (Shouting Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "When I looked at this film for the first time I was unsure it would be any good... I was completely amazed by how this film was good. The actors all played there role very well. The film has a very good storyline and I was compelled to watch it. All in all a great movie, worth watching."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Life and death. Space and time. Fate and chance. Theses are the forces of the universe. \r\n\r\nThe Illusionist is directed by Neil Burger and Burger adapts the screenplay from \"Eisenheim the Illusionist\" written by Steven Millhauser. It stars Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel and Rufus Sewell. Music is by Philip Glass and cinematography by Dick Pope.\r\n\r\nHow splendid, a period romantic mystery that's filled with the mysticism of magical conjurings and political volatility. Plot essentially has Norton as Eisenheim The Illusionist, who later in life runs into Sophie (Biel), his childhood sweetheart, and finds that she's on course to marry Crown Prince Leopold (Sewell). Leopold has a bad reputation and it's not long before Eisenheim comes under Leopold's disdain, forcing Eisenheim to try and pull off the ultimate magic act to save Sophie and himself.\r\n\r\nCreator Neil Burger crafts a picture that has everything going for it. The story is rock solid with intrigue credentials, where appropriately for a story based around magic tricks nothing is ever as it seems. The period flavours are smartly assembled, the Czech Republic locations smartly standing in for turn of the century Vienna, the art production is on point with the era of setting, as is the costuming. Glass drifts a tender melancholic score over the piece, while Pope's cinematography is simply gorgeous, offering up colour lensing that's aura enhancing, the kind you could get lost in for days.\r\n\r\nThe magic tricks are beguiling, as they should be and are in fact required since the narrative tantalisingly suggests Eisenheim may have supernatural powers? The story itself has no historical worth, but is fascinating none the less. It all builds towards its revelations, and much hinges on if the pay off is worth the admission fee? Most assuredly so it is, even if from a personal point of view this writer wouldn't have minded if pic had finished five minutes before the final revelation. \r\n\r\nEither way, and with smart acting (Giamatti as the police inspector standing out) without histrionics holding things at the top end, this is delicate film making that engages the emotions fully for entertainment rewards. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [186, 1813, 7551, 1640]}