{"tmdb_id": 14926, "title": "Filles de bonne famille", "original_title": "Uptown Girls", "slug_title": "filles-de-bonne-famille", "date": "2003-08-15", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Molly Gunn, la fille d'une l\u00e9gende du rock d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9e, passe ses journ\u00e9es \u00e0 faire du shopping et ses nuits dans les discoth\u00e8ques. Mais lorsque son conseiller lui vole tout son h\u00e9ritage, elle est forc\u00e9e de trouver un emploi et devient la nourrice de la jeune Ray Schleine, une petite fille riche et cynique. Au contact l'une de l'autre, Molly va alors apprendre les responsabilit\u00e9s tandis que Ray va apprendre ce que veut dire \"\u00eatre un enfant\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tNT8R6s1RNFxVbzcQPuJE75HLPi.jpg", "actors": ["Brittany Murphy (Molly Gunn)", "Dakota Fanning (Lorraine \"Ray\" Schleine)", "Marley Shelton (Ingrid)", "Donald Faison (Huey)", "Jesse Spencer (Neal)", "Austin Pendleton (Mr. McConkey)", "Heather Locklear (Roma Schleine)", "Wynter Kullman (Holly)", "Will Toale (Briefs Model)", "Marceline Hugot (Nurse)", "Pell James (Julie)", "Quddus (Party Guy)", "Russell Steinberg (Party Guy)", "Fisher Stevens (Fisher Stevens)", "Susanna Frazer (Ballet Teacher)", "Anthony J. Ribustello (Tony - Doorman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Way more than a shallow \u201cchick flick\u201d romcom.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2003 and directed by Boaz Yakin, \"Uptown Girls\" is a dramedy with a little romance about Molly (Brittany Murphy), a fun-loving 22 year-old who suddenly loses her inherited riches and is forced to become a nanny to a stoical neat-freak girl, Ray (Dakota Fanning). Heather Locklear plays Ray\u2019s distant mother who\u2019s an exec in the music biz while Jesse Spencer plays a hunky musician who gets signed. Marley Shelton and Donald Faison are on hand as friends of Molly. \r\n\r\nThe first act didn\u2019t do much for me, but at the halfway point something made me bust out laughing and I busted out four more times before it was over. More importantly, the movie is rich with quality mind/spirit food. Both Molly and Ray are broken people who handle their grief in opposite ways. And each has what the other needs to heal and escape their disorder.\r\n\r\n\u201cUptown Girls\u201d boldly reveals that \u201cmeds\u201d (drugs) cannot heal or deliver a person; the best they can do is help a person cope. In fact, they usually have negative side-effects, mentally and physically. Sadly, six years after the release of the film Murphy ironically died of cardiac arrest due to inadvertent overdoses of a mixture of over-the-counter & prescription drugs taken (they presume) for a respiratory infection. She was only 32.\r\n\r\nThe flick encourages growing up and achieving true success through (1.) recognizing \u201cgolden connections\u201d and taking advantage of them (after all, no one makes it alone, no one; they had help); and (2.) discerning and cultivating one\u2019s special talent(s). I\u2019d say more, but it\u2019s better to see the movie, enjoy it, and quarry the gems for oneself.                                     \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 32 minutes and was shot in New York City (Manhattan & Brooklyn with studio work done in Queens). WRITERS: Julia Dahl, Mo Ogrodnik & Lisa Davidowitz wrote the script based on Allison Jacobs\u2019 story.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [12090, 4599, 14846, 10327], "youtube_key": "PBYhKyNSs0o"}