{"tmdb_id": 149509, "title": "Horns", "original_title": "Horns", "slug_title": "horns", "date": "2013-09-06", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur / Drame / Fantastique", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Soup\u00e7onn\u00e9 d\u2019avoir assassin\u00e9 sa fianc\u00e9e, rejet\u00e9 par tous ceux qu\u2019il conna\u00eet, Ignatius a sombr\u00e9 dans le d\u00e9sespoir. Un matin, il se r\u00e9veille avec une paire de cornes sur la t\u00eate. Celles-ci lui donnent un \u00e9trange pouvoir, celui de faire avouer leurs plus noirs secrets aux gens qu\u2019il croise. Ignatius se lance alors \u00e0 la recherche du v\u00e9ritable meurtrier\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8jNzwH49q6umzYDXJI6yVMF0H2i.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Radcliffe (Ig Perrish)", "Juno Temple (Merrin Williams)", "Kelli Garner (Glenna)", "James Remar (Derrick Perrish)", "Max Minghella (Lee Tourneau)", "Joe Anderson (Terry Parrish)", "Sabrina Carpenter (Young Merrin)", "Laine MacNeil (Young Glenna)", "Dylan Schmid (Lee at 13)", "Kendra Anderson (Nurse Delilah)", "Kathleen Quinlan (Lydia Perrish)", "Heather Graham (Veronica)", "David Morse (Dale Williams)", "Michael Adamthwaite (Eric Hannity)", "Nels Lennarson (Wallace Sturtz)", "Don Thompson (Al O'Hara)", "Jay Brazeau (Father Mould)", "Alex Zahara (Dr. Renald)", "Christine Willes (Receptionist)", "Meredith McGeachie (Mary, young mother)", "Sarah Boey (Little Girl)", "Panou (Golf Pro)", "Reese Alexander (TV Reporter)", "Desiree Zurowski (Radio Reporter)", "Marilyn Norry (Protester)", "Nancy Sivak (Mrs. Tourneau)", "Cameron McDonald (E.R. Doctor)", "John Stewart (Diner Manager)", "Dean Wray (Stan, the Barfly)", "Graem Beddoes (Unemployed Barfly)", "Eric Pollins (Exhibitionist Barfly)", "Pesi Daruwalla (Antique Store Owner)", "Ryan Clare (Terry's Bass Player)", "Richard Mitchell (Terry's Jazz Quintet)", "Kieron Rhys Lillo (Terry's Jazz Quintet)", "Tyson Sully (Terry's Jazz Quintet)", "Mark Muskiw (Terry's Jazz Quintet)", "Mitchell Kummen (Ig Perrish at 13)", "Jared Ager-Foster (Terry Perrish at 15)", "Erik McNamee (Eric Hannity at 15)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Expected a very little, but delivered very hugely.\r\n\r\nThe first word I said after the watch was 'unbelievable'. That means the movie is not bad, but how come I missed it for this long. This is the best dark-fantasy movie I have seen recently. But earlier, I thought it would be like the movie 'Tusk' which made me a little uncomfortable to watch. So in the end, what's the difference between the tusk and/or the horn. Both come in a pair and animals have it to defend themselves from the threat. When I watched that movie, I lost interest in this. Yep, it is a silly reason and now I feel bad for that.\r\n\r\nThis movie dominated by the British cast, especially for having Daniel Radcliffe and Juno Temple I thought it was British film, actually it was not. It was a Canadian-US jointly produced, adapted from a book of the same name and directed by 'Mirror' director. The story was so good, not genuine, though explored the theme very well. For every few minutes later, the narration was taking a turn and that made the plot to get lot tighter before heading for the concluding part.\r\n\r\nMaybe this the best movie of Radcliffe that I've seen after his goodbye to 'Harry Potter' movie series. I don't think he's a chocolate boy type, but this kind of movie suits him well. I think he should get muscles for more movie like this, but his height is another negative factor. The film was entirely shot in Canada, the photography was great, music as well as performances. Even those settings like woods, tree house feels kind of wet English and Scottish atmosphere that fits for a devilish mythical charactered movie like this. I regret for reviewing it so delayedly, but anyway I did it and over it, so I hope you watch it very soon as well if you haven't seen it yet.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [65086, 244458, 246403, 288158]}