{"tmdb_id": 149736, "title": "Lone and Angry Man", "original_title": "Una bara per lo sceriffo", "slug_title": "lone-and-angry-man", "date": "1965-12-23", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qVtUJjs75I2xazB0hJMNY5zpVij.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Steffen (Joe Logan aka Shenandoah)", "Eduardo Fajardo (Russell Murdock)", "Fulvia Franco (Lulu Belle)", "Luciana Gilli (Jane Wilson)", "George Rigaud (Wilson)", "Armando Calvo (Lupe Rojo)", "Arturo Dominici (Jerry Krueger)", "Lucio De Santis (Mulligan, Rojo's henchman)", "Jes\u00fas Tordesillas (Sven, old man)", "Mar\u00eda Vico (Elsie)", "Frank Bra\u00f1a (David, Rojo's henchman)", "Miguel Del Castillo (Sheriff Gallagher)", "Tom\u00e1s Torres (Pablo, Rojo's henchman)", "Miguel de la Riva (Damon, Rojo's henchman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You Dirty Rat.\r\n\r\nUna bara per lo sceriffo (AKA: A Coffin for the Sheriff/Lone and Angry Man/Tomb for the Sheriff) is directed by Mario Caiano and written by David Moreno and Guido Malatesta. It stars Anthony Steffen, Eduardo Fajardo, Fulvia Franco, George Rigaud and Armando Calvo. Music is by Francesco De Masi and cinematography by Julio Ortas.\r\n\r\nIn the grand scheme of things as regards Pasta Westerns, Mario Caiano's Oater is strictly routine. The plot is the basic lone gunman out for revenge theme, where in the weathered scuzzy frontage of Anthony Steffen, it involves the infiltration into a gang of scum-bags to get said revenge. \r\n\r\nIt's atypical of the genre around this time, it's a picture more concerned with raising the pulse rather than making any sort of thematic statements. There's no great style to praise, the dubbing is poor, the fight choreography weak, while all the foxy women on show are given short shrift big time. However, the action is never far away, thus ensuring the pic is never ever dull. \r\n\r\nSteffen makes for a cool dude under pressure, the actor would make a telling contribution to the genre with director Caiano, and he's given a number of scenes to hone his gruff rough and tough persona. The villains, fronted by an excitable Lupe Rojo (Calvo) and a maniacal Murdoch (Fajardo) are great fun. There's a great score from De Masi to help things along, and a super title song warbled by Peter Tevis lands in the ears and stays there. Hell! There's even a comedy old geezer doing his best Moore Marriott impression to keep us perky.\r\n\r\nIt's clich\u00e9d, it doesn't utilise the locales or the Widescreen format and it is scared to deviate away from the Spag Western film making 101 play book. Yet sometimes for genre fans this sort of fare is enough for a good time to be had, and so it proves. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [144343, 115353, 116156, 249313]}