{"tmdb_id": 150009, "title": "Rajdhani Express", "original_title": "Rajdhani Express", "slug_title": "rajdhani-express", "date": "2013-01-04", "genre": "Action / Drame / Thriller", "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aA8IOocaFMLNfkTnaJ8JUsp27AZ.jpg", "actors": ["Leander Paes (Keshav)", "Jimmy Sheirgill (D.Y. Commissioner Yadav)", "Priyanshu Chatterjee (Priyanshu Chatterjee)", "Gulshan Rai (T.T.E)", "Sayali Bhagat (REENA)", "Mukesh Rishi (S.I.)", "Puja Bose (SUNITA)", "Sudhanshu Pandey (MUNISH)", "Kiran Kumar (Bhaijee)", "Ishrat Ali (Minister Indral)", "Shilpa Shukla (Lady S.I)", "Archit Kaur (Pearl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Sukhwinder Singh", "content": "**Quick Review**\r\n\r\nStarring an Ace Tennis Player Leander Paes in lead, who is making his Bollywood debut with this film, expectations were strong enough to seek ones attention. However there are other factors as well to raise expectation among the moviegoers such as the strong leading star cast, interesting plot, and others. Well, the makers had indeed delivered what one would be expecting from Leander Paes and his film.\r\n\r\n**Story**\r\n\r\nRajdhani Express is the story of a poor and deprived man Keshav, played by Leander Paes. He works as a dutiful boy for his master Kiran Kumar, who is a gangster and deals in illegal gun activities. One fine day, Keshav steals a revolver and travels his journey in Rajdhani Express Train from Delhi to run away from these illegal activities and to start a new life. During his journey, he met certain people from different walks of life such as a renowned fashion designer Munish (Sudhanshu Pandey), a film-journalist Banerjee (Priyanshu Chatterjee) and a Bollywood item-girl Sunita (Puja Bose).\r\n\r\nWith their talks and behavior, Keshav sadly gets distanced and humiliated because of his low-class status. After heated argument with them, Keshav points his gun at all of them and hijacks the train. However on the other side, Keshav's doom chases him in the form of Deputy Commissioner of ATS, Yadav (Jimmy Shergill).\r\n\r\nCan Keshav escape from this trap now? If yes, then how.\r\n\r\n**Final Verdict**\r\n\r\nRajdhani Express is an apt social-political drama, which conveys a proper social message to the common man. It will relate to every individual who had encountered the experience of class-discrimination in their life, which is a major plus point here. Strong storyline, good dialogues, pleasant gongs, excellent direction, superb cinematography and impressive performances, makes the film worth watchable. Recommended!"}], "recommandations_id": []}