{"tmdb_id": 150486, "title": "Hondo & Les Apaches", "original_title": "Hondo and the Apaches", "slug_title": "hondo-les-apaches", "date": "1967-09-08", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Hondo Lane est un ancien officier de la cavalerie conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9e qui est parti dans l'Ouest apr\u00e8s la guerre civile et a \u00e9pous\u00e9 la fille d'un Chef Indien, qu'il verra mourir au cours d'un massacre perp\u00e9tr\u00e9 par les troupes de l'arm\u00e9e des \u00c9tats-Unis. D\u00e9sormais, lui et son chien Sam voyagent seuls, en essayant d'\u00e9viter les ennuis entre l'arm\u00e9e et les Indiens, mais aussi en luttant contre les accapareurs de terres et autres hors-la-loi... Des indiens ren\u00e9gats qui refusent de suivre le chef Vittorio, dont la politique d'apaisement avec les blancs ne leur convient pas, d\u00e9cident d'attaquer des colons. Hondo intervient et parvient \u00e0 arr\u00eater l'un d'entre eux. Revenu au Fort avec son prisonnier, il est alors impliqu\u00e9 dans un conflit commercial opposant un homme d'affaire, Tribolet, et un prospecteur, Gallagher, au sujet de l'exploitation d'une mine...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ZKq2gahbmSJ9CkFUgv1wKd82Xm.jpg", "actors": ["Ralph Taeger (Hondo Lane)", "Kathie Browne (Angie Dow)", "Michael Rennie (Tribolet)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Buffalo Baker)", "Gary Clarke (Capt. Richards)", "Randy Boone (Sean Gallagher)", "Gary Merrill (General Philip Sheridan)", "John Smith (Ed Dow)", "Robert Taylor (Gallagher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A Gift of Cochise.\r\n\r\nHondo and the Apaches is directed by Lee H. Katzin and adapted to screenplay by Andrew J. Fenady, which is based from a work by James Edward Grant, from a story titled A Gift of Cochise written by Louis L'Amour. It stars Ralph Taeger, Noah Beery Jr., Robert Taylor, John Smith, Kathie Brown and Michael Pate. Music is by Richard Markowitz and cinematography by Lester Shorr.\r\n\r\nNot released theatrically in America, this is two episodes of the TV show \"Hondo\" spliced together for a release in Europe. Derived from the John Wayne character that headed up Hondo (1953), the plot pitches Hondo (Taeger) as a frontier scout who has a justifiable affinity with the Native Americans. He is sent to broker peace with the Apaches, but a renegade band want no part of it and Hondo must do all he can to avert a war.\r\n\r\nIt actually is better than it had right to be, because it's nicely performed, has pleasant scenery, and the characters in the main are not just throw away types. Throw in some decent action, a grumpy canine partner for Hondo and a musical score lifting from Bernstein's Magnificent Seven classic, and yer good to go. Taeger is appealing, the character fun (he punches a lot of people out/the rapport with the dog), whilst Taylor is on hand to add a bit of reassuring quality.\r\n\r\nIt is what it is really, a safe enough production for Western fans to enjoy while it's on. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}