{"tmdb_id": 15121, "title": "La M\u00e9lodie du Bonheur", "original_title": "The Sound of Music", "slug_title": "la-melodie-du-bonheur", "date": "1965-03-02", "genre": "Drame / Familial / Musique / Romance", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En Autriche, Maria est une jeune femme qui se pr\u00e9pare \u00e0 devenir religieuse dans une abbaye b\u00e9n\u00e9dictine situ\u00e9e \u00e0 Salzbourg. Son couvent l'envoie en tant que gouvernante de sept enfants, dans la famille d'un veuf, le capitaine Georg Ritter von Trapp. Au d\u00e9but, les enfants se montrent hostiles et espi\u00e8gles. Elle tient bon, tout en leur enseignant le chant. Bient\u00f4t, elle leur sert d'amie et de confidente.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kqJTGopRvkMzwxY8dqVHZFIt3GU.jpg", "actors": ["Julie Andrews (Fr\u00e4ulein Maria)", "Christopher Plummer (Captain Georg von Trapp)", "Eleanor Parker (Baroness Elsa von Schraeder)", "Richard Haydn (Max Detweiler)", "Charmian Carr (Liesl von Trapp)", "Nicholas Hammond (Friedrich von Trapp)", "Heather Menzies (Louisa von Trapp)", "Duane Chase (Kurt von Trapp)", "Angela Cartwright (Brigitta von Trapp)", "Debbie Turner (Marta von Trapp)", "Kym Kareth (Gretl von Trapp)", "Peggy Wood (Mother Abbess)", "Anna Lee (Sister Margaretta)", "Portia Nelson (Sister Berthe)", "Ben Wright (Herr Zeller)", "Daniel Truhitte (Rolfe)", "Norma Varden (Frau Schmidt)", "Marni Nixon (Sister Sophia)", "Gilchrist Stuart (Franz)", "Evadne Baker (Sister Bernice)", "Doris Lloyd (Baroness Ebberfeld)", "Ada Beth Lee (Sister Catherine (uncredited))", "Doreen Tryden (Sister Agatha (uncredited))", "Bert Stevens (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Gertrude Astor (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Frank Baker (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Bill Lee (Captain Georg von Trapp (singing voice) (uncredited))", "Margery MacKay (Mother Abbess (singing voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "One of cinema's most enduring family classics.\r\n\r\nWhat can one say about a film that now, as it gears towards its next anniversary of a 50th birthday, is loved and adored by so many? It feels, to me at least, kind of redundant trying to even write a review of it now. So really I just want to say that as a mid-forties cinema loving man I revisited the film recently for the first time in about 15 years and found it still had a magical kind of hold over me. Yes I still think it's too long, but ask me what I would cut out of the film and I'm at a bit of a loss to answer.\r\n\r\nOver the last thirty years or so it has become something of a focal point for parody, somewhat diminishing the actual film's first time appeal. Then there are the charges of it being hackneyed, but they are misplaced and very unfair for The Sound Of Music is an ode to life and music, nothing remotely hackneyed there me thinks. Bookended by stunning Salzburg scenery {seriously the opening helicopter sequence is breath taking}, the rest in between is a series of brilliant set pieces and some unforgettable Rodgers & Hammerstein tunes. Led by Julie Andrews & Christoher Plummer, the cast delight throughout. Yes, not everyone is note perfect, but it's a moot point really. As a guy it's at the one hour ten mark where I get something to hang my coat upon, from there on in the Von Trapp family, and their gorgeous governess, have me hook, line & sinker. The Sound Of Music, one of the greatest screen musicals ever. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11113, 630, 872, 1725]}