{"tmdb_id": 15120, "title": "Cours apr\u00e8s moi Sh\u00e9rif 3", "original_title": "Smokey and the Bandit Part 3", "slug_title": "cours-apres-moi-sherif-3", "date": "1983-08-12", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Encore plus de folles poursuites, de destruction m\u00e9canique et de jokes plates dans ce troisi\u00e8me volet de la s\u00e9rie Smokey and the Bandit. Cette fois-ci, les deux Enos proposent au sh\u00e9rif Buford T. Justice de transporter un poisson promotionnel de Miami au Texas et ce, vous l'aurez devin\u00e9, dans un temps record... C'est pas trop long que le Bandit se m\u00e8le \u00e0 la chevauch\u00e9e, mais cette fois-ci c'est Jerry Reed, le Snowman des autres films qui joue au Bandit \u00e0 la place de l'ineffable Burt Reynolds, apparemment disparu de la carte... Il faut savoir qu'\u00e0 l'origine ces films avaient \u00e9t\u00e9 con\u00e7us avec Reed dans le r\u00f4le titre, et celui-ci a finalement la chance d'\u00eatre la t\u00eate d'affiche dans son propre film de \"Bandit\"...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/43srG9PnyrcpLhNOdLZ52lhK4vd.jpg", "actors": ["Jackie Gleason (Buford T. Justice)", "Jerry Reed (Cledus Snow/Bandit)", "Paul Williams (Little Enos Burdette)", "Pat McCormick (Big Enos Burdette)", "Colleen Camp (Dusty Trails)", "Burt Reynolds (The Real Bandit)", "Ray Bouchard (Purvis R. Beethoven)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1983 and directed by Dick Lowry, \"Smokey and the Bandit Part 3\u201d is a car chase comedy about Big Enos and Little Enos (Pat McCormick & Paul Williams) betting Sheriff Buford T. Justice (Jackie Gleason) that he can\u2019t drive from Miami to the Enos ranch in Texas in a short period of time. The Sheriff is joined by his dimwitted hunk of a son (Mike Henry). Meanwhile Cledus \"Snowman\" Snow (Jerry Reed) takes the place of The Bandit, teaming up with a woman who just quit her job at a used car lot (Colleen Camp).\r\n\r\nBurt Reynolds and Sally Field are absent in this third entry of the Good Ol\u2019 Boy series, except for Burt having a glorified cameo at the end. Gleason takes the lead with Mike Henry\u2019s support. The latter is so effective in his inane role that you completely forget that he played a serious Tarzan in three movies from 1966-1968, not to mention the formidable corrupt Sheriff in \u201cRio Lobo\u201d (1970). At 46 during shooting, you\u2019ll observe that he certainly kept in shape.\r\n\r\nCar chase comedies like this are meant for leaving your brain at the door and having fun, but this inferior sequel makes me want to up my rating for the original \u201cSmokey and the Bandit\u201d (1977). There\u2019s an amateurish vibe, particularly with the writing and editing, which prevents it from attaining even the low level of \"Cannonball Run 2\" (1984). Still, it\u2019s the most action-packed (and goofy) entry in the series and it has its points of silly amusement.\r\n\r\nColleen Camp is serviceable essentially replacing Field on the female front, although not enough is done with her. If you\u2019re not familiar with Colleen, she played the Indian playmate in \u201cApocalypse Now\u201d (1979) and the hot French maid in \u201cClue\u201d (1985). Anyway, this segment arguably features the best women in the periphery. Faith Minton is on hand as a 6\u20191\u201d Amazonian who takes a liking to the Sheriff.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 25 minutes and was shot entirely in Florida (Fort Lauderdale, Miami Beach, Key Biscayne, Ocala, Clearwater and Miami).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C-/D+"}], "recommandations_id": [12705, 11006, 11950, 19258]}