{"tmdb_id": 151310, "title": "Embuscade", "original_title": "Ambush", "slug_title": "embuscade", "date": "1950-01-13", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Ward Kinsman est charg\u00e9 de retrouver la fille d'un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral, kidnapp\u00e9e par des Apaches. Mais Ward, ainsi que le chef de l'exp\u00e9dition, \u00e9taient tr\u00e8s amoureux de la soeur de la jeune disparue. Des rivalit\u00e9s entre les deux hommes se font alors rapidement sentir...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ijpUj3jPnAw2UJF4zwM3F3zigY9.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Ward Kinsman)", "John Hodiak (Capt. Ben Lorrison)", "Arlene Dahl (Ann Duverall)", "Don Taylor (Lt. Linus Delaney)", "Jean Hagen (Martha Conovan)", "Leon Ames (Maj. C.E. Breverly)", "Chief Thundercloud (Tana)", "Ray Teal (Capt. J.R. Wolverson)", "John McIntire (Frank Holly)", "Bruce Cowling (Tom Conovan)", "Pat Moriarity (Sgt. Mack)", "Charles Stevens (Diablito)", "Robin Short (Lt. Storrow)", "Richard Bailey (Lt. Tremaine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "People only die when they have something to live for.\r\n\r\nAmbush is directed by Sam Wood and adapted to screenplay by Marguerite Roberts from a Luke Short serial story. It stars Robert Taylor, John Hodiak, Arlene Dahl, Jean Hagen, Don Taylor and John McIntire. Music is by Rudolph G. Kopp and cinematography by Harold Lipstein. \r\n\r\n\"In 1878 the shortest trail West through the territory of Arizona crawled across the foot of Bailey Mountain... \r\n\r\nThe shortest trail but, the most dangerous. For Bailey Mountain was the stronghold seized by Diablito and his hostile Apaches\" \r\n\r\nNice! A Western movie for Western movie lovers to sink their teeth into. It's not exactly wall to wall action on offer here, but there is an adultness to proceedings that hits all the right chords for the discerning audience. The opening scene shows us the aftermath of an Apache raid, then it's introductions to the main characters who will come together to go rescue a kidnapped white woman from Diablito's Apaches. \r\n\r\nThe build up isn't rushed, we are drawn into the lives of the American Fort residents, their love triangles and frets, while mature themes of adultery and spouse abuse are given some skilled direction and performances. Once traits and peccadilloes are established, the band of not so merry men go off to fight the Apache, the latter of which are thankfully shown as a resourceful foe with some cunning tactics. \r\n\r\nTaylor saddles up for a scuzzy portrayal, honourable for sure, but happily dirty and his character is shown to be fallible in one of the many machismo contests that permeate the story. Hodiak offers some elegance, Hagen some emotional punch, while Dahl - costumed to enhance her curvaceous figure - lights up every scene she is in. \r\n\r\nThe great Harold Lipstein photographs much of the picture through black and white film noir filters, adding the requisite turbulence to the story, while Wood, in what was his last motion picture directorial assignment, directs with assuredness and makes the most of the Simi Valley and Gallup locations. \r\n\r\nMcIntire is wasted and Bruce Cowling as the violent husband is only just convincing, while the blending of painted backdrops with the gorgeous locales becomes a little distracting in the final quarter. Yet as any hardcore Western fan will tell you, often those sort of things are forgiven if the makers don't insult our intelligence, which is thankfully the case here. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72472, 94814, 37593, 167769], "youtube_key": "notfound"}