{"tmdb_id": 151368, "title": "Open Windows", "original_title": "Open Windows", "slug_title": "open-windows", "date": "2014-07-04", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Crime", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Nick est un homme combl\u00e9 : ce soir, il d\u00eene avec Jill Goddard, la plus sexy des actrices, gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 un concours en ligne. Mais au dernier moment, la star annule\u2026. Dans la soir\u00e9e, un homme myst\u00e9rieux contacte Nick et lui propose d\u2019espionner son idole via son ordinateur. En acceptant, Nick se retrouve pris dans un terrible engrenage\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f4gA5hfs35VWo5WaOf1LiAZOI5y.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Nick Chambers)", "Sasha Grey (Jill Goddard)", "Neil Maskell (Chord)", "Iv\u00e1n Gonz\u00e1lez (Tony)", "Jaime Ol\u00edas (Dave)", "Adam Quintero (Pierre - Triop #1)", "Daniel P\u00e9rez Prada (Triop #2)", "Jake Klamburg (Triop #3)", "Rachel Arieff (Carol)", "Michelle Jenner (Possessed #1)", "Juli\u00e1n Villagr\u00e1n (Possessed #2)", "Carlos Areces (Watchman)", "Ra\u00fal Cimas (Survivor)", "Nacho Vigalondo (Richy Gabilondo)", "Miguel Noguera (Man on TV)", "Nancy Yao (News Reader #1)", "Luis Sanchez-Ca\u00f1ete (News Reader #2)", "Brian Elder (Fantastic Fest Attendee (uncredited))", "Scott Weinberg (Don Delano (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The night of the battle of the hackers!**\r\n\r\nI have been longing to watch this film since it was out, only now it had happened. There are not many hacking film that could satisfy thoroughly. Well, I haven't found as impressive as the recent 'Who Am I'. This film was more like partially a found-footage type. Everything was from webcams and phone cams. Not exactly truthful to the reality. Even people with basic knowledge about computers would know that. But entertainment was there. I enjoyed it, mainly because of the speed and being an edgy.\r\n\r\nWell, a contest winner is waiting in his hotel room for his dinner date with a celebrity in the later night. While he was updating his blog, someone hacks his computer and gives more contents for the blog than he had thought of. But soon it all plays out differently. Now he's the hacker's puppet, and must follow everything he says or the consequences would be serious. How far it all goes and how it all ends are the remaining story to tell us.\r\n\r\nAs I said not the best in this theme, but watchable film. Everything was a one night event. Slowly started and then picked up the pace before ending on a high. The end was not good, the twist. At least that's how I felt. Should have been better, yet acceptable. Elijah was good. I just checked it out after seeing his nice act in his latest Netflix film. The rest of the cast was fine too. A Spanish film in English language. Soon I'm going to check out the 'Colossal' from this same director. So it is a good time pass film and you might enjoy it as I did.\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "**Real-time hacker film that is all style no substance.**\r\n\r\nThere were so many times I was shaking my head at the sheer stupidity of this film.  The premise is thin, the acting is mostly weak.  There are some kind of cool visuals, but they don't make up for the many, many flaws.  Even the usually solid Elijah Wood seems to be coasting.  Real-time can be exciting, and I get that the style the film makers were going for, but your film still needs to work even if it didn't have the gimmick.  This one does not.\r\n\r\n4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [251852, 254191, 275696, 265016]}