{"tmdb_id": 15144, "title": "16 Bougies Pour Sam", "original_title": "Sixteen Candles", "slug_title": "16-bougies-pour-sam", "date": "1984-05-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Samantha, \u00e2g\u00e9e de quinze ans, est amoureuse du gar\u00e7on le plus populaire de l'\u00e9cole mais c'est le gar\u00e7on le moins populaire de l'\u00e9cole qui est amoureux d'elle. Sa s\u0153ur se marie et, sous le coup de l'excitation, sa famille oublie son anniversaire. Des grands-parents particuliers et un \u00e9tudiant \u00e9tranger nomm\u00e9 Long Duc Dong ach\u00e8veront de faire de cette journ\u00e9e la plus embarrassante qu'ait v\u00e9cue Samantha.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rzTrRQg5ek47Yl0Vfenc69r9gOd.jpg", "actors": ["Molly Ringwald (Samantha 'Sam' Baker)", "Justin Henry (Mike Baker)", "Michael Schoeffling (Jake Ryan)", "Haviland Morris (Caroline Mulford)", "Gedde Watanabe (Long Duk Dong)", "Anthony Michael Hall (Geek 'Farmer Ted')", "Paul Dooley (Jim Baker)", "Carlin Glynn (Brenda Baker)", "Blanche Baker (Ginny Baker)", "Edward Andrews (Howard Baker)", "Billie Bird (Dorthy Baker)", "Carole Cook (Grandma Helen)", "Max Showalter (Grandpa Fred)", "Liane Curtis (Randy)", "John Cusack (Bryce)", "Darren Harris (Cliff)", "Debbie Pollack (Lumberjack (as Deborah Pollack))", "Ross Berkson (Ray Gun Geek #1)", "Jonathan Chapin (Jimmy Montrose)", "Joan Cusack (Geek Girl #1)", "Brian Doyle-Murray (Reverend)", "Bekka Eaton (Female D.J.)", "Pamela Elser (Shower Double (as Paula Elser))", "Steven Farber (Ray Gun Geek #2)", "Jami Gertz (Robin)", "John Kapelos (Rudy)", "Marge Kotlisky (Irene)", "Tony Longo (Rock)", "Steve Monarque (Jock)", "Bill Orsi (Bruno)", "Beth Ringwald (Patty)", "Zelda Rubinstein (Organist)", "Dennis Vero (Bus Driver)", "Elaine Wilkes (Tracy)", "Frank Howard (Freshman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I've never bagged a babe. I'm not a stud.\r\n\r\nIt's Samantha Baker's 16th birthday and her family are so wrapped up in her sisters impending wedding, they have completely forgotten Sam's big day. Not only that but she has the hots for school hunk Jake Ryan who, apparently doesn't know she even exists. Her existence, however, is noted by freshman Ted \"The Geek\" who lusts after her at every opportunity. Being 16 really isn't all it's cracked up to be, maybe?\r\n\r\nJohn Hughes directs his first feature film and sets out his marker for the career that was to come for the astute observer of teen angst and coming of age drama.\r\n\r\nFeaturing Hughes faves Molly Ringwald (Sam0 & Anthony Michael Hall (Ted), Sixteen Candles is frothy on the outside but not without cunning substance on the inside. It's the sort of film that is easy to forgive its obviousness on account of its understanding of its characters, something that Hughes was a master of. Even as we run through the staple requirements of the teen comedy movie (dance, party, making out etc ) Hughes manages to avoid the clich\u00e9 pitfalls of such sequences by fuelling them with believable patois. \r\n\r\nHis cast, with the exception of the dull Michael Schoeffling (Jake), are sparky and engaging throughout. With the Cusack siblings, John & Joan also showing up in the strong supporting cast. There's an Asian exchange student thread that some have tried to paint as stereotypically offencive, but that is nonsense! Gedde Watanabe ensures the role is the fun and harmless one it's meant to be.\r\n\r\nThe soundtrack is kicking and very at one with the story (another knack of Hughes), it features the likes of The Specials, The Revillos, Billy Idol, The Stray Cats and The Thompson Twins. And the Evanston, Illinois location work really fleshes out the feeling of the piece.\r\n\r\nNot just a film for 80s nostalgists then, one for pretty much anyone who was 16 and had their emotions pulled all over the place. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11522, 2028, 11814, 13342], "youtube_key": "WcKqtzj8LAg"}