{"tmdb_id": 15152, "title": "OSS 117 : Le Caire, nid d'espions", "original_title": "OSS 117 : Le Caire, nid d'espions", "slug_title": "oss-117-le-caire-nid-d-espions", "date": "2006-04-19", "genre": "Crime / Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9gypte, 1955, le Caire est un v\u00e9ritable nid d'espions. Tout le monde se m\u00e9fie de tout le monde, tout le monde complote contre tout le monde : Anglais, Fran\u00e7ais, Sovi\u00e9tiques, la famille du Roi d\u00e9chu Farouk qui veut retrouver son tr\u00f4ne, les Aigles de Kh\u00e9ops, secte religieuse qui veut prendre le pouvoir. Le Pr\u00e9sident de la R\u00e9publique Fran\u00e7aise, Monsieur Ren\u00e9 Coty, envoie son arme ma\u00eetresse mettre de l'ordre dans cette p\u00e9taudi\u00e8re au bord du chaos : Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath, dit OSS 117.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/HnZhT7eR9OzAkF6LbWteLOQagw.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Dujardin (Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath, alias OSS 117)", "B\u00e9r\u00e9nice Bejo (Larmina El Akmar Betouche)", "Aure Atika (La princesse Al Tarouk)", "Philippe Lefebvre (Jack Jefferson)", "Constantin Alexandrov (Setine)", "Sa\u00efd Amadis (Le ministre \u00e9gyptien)", "Laurent Bateau (Gardenborough)", "Claude Brosset (Le patron)", "Fran\u00e7ois Damiens (Raymond Pelletier)", "Youssef Hamid (L'imam)", "Khalid Maadour (Le suiveur)", "Ars\u00e8ne Mosca (Loktar)", "Abdellah Moundy (Slimane)", "Eric Prat (Plantieux)", "Richard Sammel (Moeller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was a solid debut for Hazanavicius and a very fun film. There's uneven pacing, but I was very pleased with this, which seemed an interesting hybrid between the James Bond and Pink Panther film series. I loved the scoring and cinematography as well. Dujardin's character was a bit strange and the pacing was a tad uneven, but those are small flaws. This is the first of Hazanavicius' films I have seen, though I have 'The Artist' on blu. I've heard that in the sequel, he jumps a decade to the 60's--it would be interesting, if they decide to eventually continue the series, if each film could be of following decades, straight through to the present day. It was clever of the writers, through parallelism, to subconsciously suggest a linkage of the Nazis to radical Arab terrorists, so soon after 9/11, and, six years before 'Skyfall', what anyone knowing anything about espionage and counterintelligence would undoubtedly know--that all agents would probably be bisexual. I look forward to checking out Hazanavicius' other films, and hope there are eventually more in this series, for I have loved all kinds of spy films and spoofs of them, in the history of cinema."}], "recommandations_id": [15588, 17350, 15097, 2899]}