{"tmdb_id": 151666, "title": "Swapnakoodu", "original_title": "\u0d38\u0d4d\u0d35\u0d2a\u0d4d\u0d28\u0d15\u0d4d\u0d15\u0d42\u0d1f\u0d4d", "slug_title": "swapnakoodu", "date": "2003-09-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Kunjoonju, Deepu and Ashtamurthy are studying hotel management at Pondichery. Kunjoonju is a 'Kanjirappally Achayan' who is always after girls. But his 'thrill' for a girl will end the moment he finds that she is interested in him. Abbas ,the trio's friend, arranges the top floor of a house for them to stay. The house is owned by Sophy and she she stays there with her two daughters Kamala and Padma. All three guys fall for Kamala, but Kunjunju and Deepu joins together and push Ashtamurthy out of the race by making him the 'Rakhi Brother' of Kamala. Kamala knows that Kunjunju is a flirt and so she tries to keep away from him. Deepu never tells about his love to Kamala or to Kunjunju, but Ashtamurthy knows about it. Kunjunju and Deepu falls apart after a fight and Ashtamurthy brings them together. The story takes a turn, when Sophy dies and the sisters are left alone", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/om5Rh0KCcOkLANohWMiTlp6HN6n.jpg", "actors": ["Kunchacko Boban (Deepu)", "Prithviraj Sukumaran (Alex Chandy)", "Jayasurya (Ashtamoorthy)", "Meera Jasmine (Kamala)", "Bhavana (Padma)", "Vijeesh Vijayan (Abbas)", "Cochin Haneefa (Philippose)", "Kalaranjini (Sophia)", "Manya (Kurjeet)", "Laila (Cameo)", "Sandra Amy (Cameo)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [152098, 152784, 151633, 151637], "youtube_key": "notfound"}