{"tmdb_id": 15196, "title": "Cluedo", "original_title": "Clue", "slug_title": "cluedo", "date": "1985-12-13", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "L'adaptation du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre jeu de soci\u00e9t\u00e9. Six personnes sont invit\u00e9es \u00e0 passer une soir\u00e9e dans un manoir. Six meurtres sont commis. L'inspecteur Butler enqu\u00eate pour attribuer \u00e0 chaque invit\u00e9 le meurtre qu'il a commis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hx51tQtKPvdY35UHmQSRrZBR48z.jpg", "actors": ["Eileen Brennan (Mrs. Peacock)", "Tim Curry (Wadsworth)", "Madeline Kahn (Mrs. White)", "Christopher Lloyd (Professor Plum)", "Michael McKean (Mr. Green)", "Martin Mull (Colonel Mustard)", "Lesley Ann Warren (Miss Scarlet)", "Colleen Camp (Yvette)", "Lee Ving (Mr. Boddy)", "Bill Henderson (The Cop)", "Jane Wiedlin (The Singing Telegram Girl)", "Jeffrey Kramer (The Motorist)", "Kellye Nakahara (The Cook)", "Will Nye (Cop #1)", "Rick Goldman (Cop #2)", "Don Camp (Cop #3)", "Howard Hesseman (The Chief (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "An amusing take on \u201cAnd Then There Were None\u201d and \u201cMurder by Death\u201d\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1985 and directed by Jonathan Lynn, \"Clue\" is a comedic murder mystery based on the board game featuring an \u201call-star\u201d cast (Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn, Christopher Lloyd, Eileen Brennan, Lesley Ann Warren, etc.).\r\n\r\nThis is a good movie if you\u2019re in the mood for an amusing mystery that takes place during the McCarthy era (1954) almost entirely within a vast gothic mansion on a stormy night. It combines movies like \u201cTen Little Indians\u201d (1965) and \u201cThe Beast Must Die\u201d (1974) with the goofiness of \u201cThe Private Eyes\u201d (1980).\r\n\r\nI was skeptical at how Lynn & the cast could pull off the challenge of making such a confined story entertaining, but I have to admit that I busted out laughing several times (e.g. the scenes of making out with corpses). And the cast is a pleasure to behold with Colleen Camp a highlight as the stereotypical (hot) French maid. The climax with its several murder scenarios is kinda tedious, however.                                         \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 34 minutes and was shot in Paramount Studios, Hollywood, and Max Busch House, Pasadena, California. WRITERS: Jonathan Lynn and John Landis. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [11176, 850, 9749, 11977]}