{"tmdb_id": 151933, "title": "Dead in Tombstone", "original_title": "Dead in Tombstone", "slug_title": "dead-in-tombstone", "date": "2013-10-01", "genre": ["Western / Action / Fantastique / Horreur / Drame"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Un proscrit nomm\u00e9 Guerrero Hernandez est tu\u00e9 en essayant de lib\u00e9rer son demi-fr\u00e8re d'une prison. Abattu, il revient d'entre les morts pour se venger, apr\u00e8s avoir fait un pacte avec le diable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/esk9F3hBlNYsUk9koPrOyfYlLaB.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Trejo (Guerrero)", "Mickey Rourke (Lucifer)", "Anthony Michael Hall (Red Hernandez)", "Dina Meyer (Calathea Massey)", "Richard Dillane (Jack Sutter)", "Ronan Summers (Ramos)", "James Carroll Jordan (Father Paul)", "Catalina Grama (Liza)", "Edward Akrout (Snake)", "Dan Badarau (Cole Veteran Guard)", "Colin Mace (Judah Clark)", "Emil Hostina (Baptiste)", "Ovidiu Niculescu (Darko)", "Radu Andrei Micu (Washington)", "Daniel Lapaine (Sheriff Bob Massey)", "George Remes (Deputy Tom Morris)", "Ioan Cortea (Deputy Cade Hudson)", "Tomi Cristin (Bartender)", "Corneliu Ulici (Rip Young Guard)", "Claudiu Trandafir (Preacher)", "Radu Iacoban (Duke)", "Daniel Pisica (Rio)", "Miriam Rizea (Vera)", "Constantin Barbulescu (Mine Guard #1)", "Mike Elliott (Mine Guard #2)", "Ioan Ionescu (Judah's Marshall #1)", "R\u0103zvan Oprea (Bank Deputy #1)", "Marius Capota (Bank Deputy #2)", "Ornella Boul\u00e9 (Snake's Girl (uncredited))", "Sandy Romero (Saloon Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Danny Trejo on a violent rampage for revenge after having been revived by Satan himself. That certainly sounded promising to me. Unfortunately the movie is somewhat underwhelming. It is not all bad but certainly not as good as I hoped.\n\nIt is a rather uneven movie. Some parts are just great and some parts are fairly poor. It starts of quite well with Guerrero liberating one of his gang member just to eventually be betrayed by his own gang. Then it becomes quite uneven. Mickey Rourke as Satan did not do well for me. He mostly looked like an irritating fat slob. I would have expected something a bit more\u2026satanic.\n\nI liked Danny Trejo though. Then I mostly do like Danny Trejo. Some people complain that he only has two facial expressions, grim and grimmer. Well, to me, that is how it is supposed to be. If it is not broken then do not fix it. Danny Trejo should do what he does best and that is to play a grim and dangerous son of a bitch.\n\nA lot of the movie was somewhat illogical and I do not mean the supernatural bits. The second half felt choppy and the behavior of people rather illogical even nonsensical. For instance, take the scene where the townsfolk march up against the Sheriff\u2019s office with Cavanaugh and Clark in it and not only do Clark not seem to realize the shit they are in but he starts to badmouth Cavanaugh & Co right in front of him. Yeah, right, the survival instincts versus stupidity ratio was rather unfavorable on that one.\n\nI did not regret buying the Blu-ray and watching this movie. It is decent enough entertainment although I was expecting a bit more. I also fail to understand why it got an R-rating. I\u2019ve seen movies that were at least as violent which did not get it."}], "recommandations_id": [38498, 32012, 206213, 249021], "youtube_key": "2yMj8sWtJXY"}