{"tmdb_id": 152357, "title": "Kana Kanmani", "original_title": "\u0d15\u0d3e\u0d23\u0d3e \u0d15\u0d7a\u0d2e\u0d23\u0d3f", "slug_title": "kana-kanmani", "date": "2009-09-04", "genre": ["Thriller / Familial / Horreur"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Roy (Jayaram) is a successful architect married to Maya (Padmapriya) with a daughter named Anakha(pet name Anu). Roy decides to take his family on a vacation to Singapore, but Anu insists that they first go to Roy's old home. They agree to go there first, stay for 4 days, and then go to Singapore.  But upon arriving at the old house, Anu starts behaving strangely and soon Roy and Maya understand that she is infected by the ghost of their unborn child Shivani, who was aborted. It was at this house both that Maya conceived Shivani and that they decided to abort the pregnancy. Shivani tells them that she is envious of the love that Roy and Maya are giving Anu, and that she will kill Anu as revenge. Roy and Maya try to escape in vain. Roy calls his friend Raveendran to his house. They all anxiously pray and wait until the time when Shivani said she would kill Anu. By that time, Shivani has changed her mind, after seeing the parents' love for Anu, and spares her life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/94huaMTsf6dltbjCQ5CQRPq5VEf.jpg", "actors": ["Niveditha Vijayan (Shivani / Anakha)", "Jayaram (Roy)", "Padmapriya Janakiraman (Maya)", "Nedumudi Venu (Iyer)", "Biju Menon (Rajeevan)", "Vijayaraghavan (Roy's father)", "Sukumari (Grandmother)", "Suraj Venjaramoodu (Bhaskaran)", "Ambika (Doctor)", "Resmi Boban (Thresiamma)", "Geetha (Maya's Mother)", "Chali Pala (Thressyamma's Husband)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [151665, 151875, 151878, 181475], "youtube_key": "lWy4ZLDlSu8"}