{"tmdb_id": 1523, "title": "Le dernier roi d\u2019\u00c9cosse", "original_title": "The Last King of Scotland", "slug_title": "le-dernier-roi-decosse", "date": "2006-09-01", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Jeune m\u00e9decin \u00e9cossais tout juste dipl\u00f4m\u00e9, Nicholas Garrigan d\u00e9barque en Ouganda en qu\u00eate d'aventure et d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 venir en aide \u00e0 la population.Peu apr\u00e8s son arriv\u00e9e, il est appel\u00e9 sur les lieux d'un accident : le nouveau leader du pays, Idi Amin Dada, a percut\u00e9 une vache avec sa Maserati. La fa\u00e7on dont Garrigan ma\u00eetrise la situation, son calme et sa franchise surprennent Amin Dada. Fascin\u00e9 par l'Histoire et la culture \u00e9cossaise, il trouve le jeune homme sympathique et lui propose de devenir son m\u00e9decin personnel.S\u00e9duit par le charisme du chef de l'Etat, le jeune m\u00e9decin rejoint le cercle pr\u00e9sidentiel au sein duquel il m\u00e8ne grand train. Bombard\u00e9 confident du dictateur, pi\u00e9g\u00e9 au coeur de la m\u00e9galomanie meurtri\u00e8re d'Amin Dada, Garrigan, t\u00e9moin d'enl\u00e8vements et d'assassinats, devient malgr\u00e9 lui peu \u00e0 peu complice d'un des plus terrifiants r\u00e9gimes africains du XX\u00e8me si\u00e8cle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p7kZfTCcayx7M3rNxe7knaYzwnM.jpg", "actors": ["Forest Whitaker (Idi Amin)", "James McAvoy (Dr. Nicholas Garrigan)", "Simon McBurney (British Diplomat)", "Gillian Anderson (Sarah Merrit)", "Kerry Washington (Kay Amin)", "David Oyelowo (Dr. Thomas Junju)", "Abby Mukiibi Nkaaga (Masanga)", "Adam Kotz (Dr. David Merrit)", "Barbara Rafferty (Mrs. Garrigan)", "David Ashton (Dr. Garrigan - Senior)", "Sarah Nagayi (Tolu)", "Stephen Rwangyezi (Jonah Wasswa)", "Sam Okelo (Bonny)", "Dick Stockley (Times Journalist)", "Chris Wilson (Perkins)", "Daniel Ssettaba (Kay Amin's Servant)", "Giles Foden (British Journalist 1)", "Andrew Williams (British Journalist 2)", "Martina Amati (Italian Journalist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I am the father of Africa.\r\n\r\nBased on Giles Foden's novel of the same name, this filmic version of a period of Idi Amin's presidency of Uganda is a class act - that is if you can accept it as a loose reworking of events in Amin's life? Thus those who filed in for a bona fide history lesson subsequently either got angry or plain disappointed.\r\n\r\nPropelled by Forest Whitaker's barnstorming Oscar winning perf as Amin, Last King of Scotland is riveting and fascinating from first reel to last. The political upheaval at this time in Uganda's history is presented in delicate strokes of dark depressing realisations, and also that of uneasy humour.\r\n\r\nThe portrayal of Amin is most complex, part man child, part greenhorn political suitor and one heartbeat away from despotic lunacy, with Whitaker nailing every single tick. It's key to note that the film does shed some light on Amin, so as a character study it soars and holds you enthral throughout.\r\n\r\nDirector Kevin Macdonald films in kinetic style, which is perfect for the material to hand, and he also deserves a pat on the back for ensuring the characters around Amin (circle of family/advisors etc) are a constant intrigue as per Amin's agenda machinations. James McAvoy gives sterling support as the key \"fish out of water\" doctor who Amin takes to his bosom, while Kerry Washington as Amin's wife number 3 also strikes the right emotive notes.\r\n\r\nThe finale falters somewhat, where it encompasses the Entebbe Hostage Crisis but fails to do that incident justice - instead using it as a cypher to have us rooting for McAvoy's made up character to get out of harm's way. But this is just a misstep that's not film defining. For this is a fine film, if it's not jolting you with harrowing scenes, or tickling your brain for education purpose, then it's demanding your attention for historical noting. Job done. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1985, 231, 205, 4566]}