{"tmdb_id": 15247, "title": "Ipcress : Danger imm\u00e9diat", "original_title": "The Ipcress File", "slug_title": "ipcress-danger-immediat", "date": "1965-03-18", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Un prestigieux scientifique s\u2019est fait enlever dans une gare de Londres. Malgr\u00e9 des ant\u00e9c\u00e9dents peu glorieux, Harry Palmer, des services secrets militaires britanniques, est charg\u00e9 de l\u2019affaire par son sup\u00e9rieur, le colonel Ross, au service du contre-espionnage. Palmer ne tarde pas \u00e0 mettre la main sur une bande magn\u00e9tique intitul\u00e9e IPCRESS sur laquelle sont enregistr\u00e9s d\u2019\u00e9tranges sons...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6dwM9Wc1y2Ga2N1XFbWOrpWjQfp.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Caine (Harry Palmer)", "Nigel Green (Major Dalby)", "Guy Doleman (Colonel Ross)", "Sue Lloyd (Jean)", "Gordon Jackson (Carswell)", "Aubrey Richards (Radcliffe)", "Frank Gatliff (Bluejay)", "Thomas Baptiste (Barney)", "Oliver MacGreevy (Housemartin)", "Freda Bamford (Alice)", "Pauline Winter (Charlady)", "Anthony Blackshaw (Edwards)", "Barry Raymond (Gray)", "David Glover (Chilcott-Oakes)", "Stanley Meadows (Inspector Keightley)", "Tony Caunter (O.N.I Man)", "Peter Ashmore (Sir Robert)", "Mike Murray (Raid Inspector)", "Anthony Baird (Raid Sergeant)", "Charles Rea (Taylor)", "Ric Hutton (Records Officer)", "Douglas Blackwell (Murray)", "Richard Burrell (Operator)", "Glynn Edwards (Police Station Sergeant)", "Zsolt Vadaszffy (Prison Doctor)", "Josef Behrmann (Prison Guard)", "Max Faulkner (Prison Guard)", "Paul S. Chapman (Prison Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A scientist disappears from a train, a man dies. Harry Palmer (Michael Caine) is one of many investigators on the case, looking for a man named Grantby. He follows a lead to a library where he gets the feeling that something big is at stake here. After a fight with one of Grantby's goons, he returns to his captain with the bad news that he has been unsuccessful. The captain is for obvious reasons, not pleased.\r\n\r\nIn an abandoned warehouse, Palmer finds a small piece of tape with the name IPCRESS on, but at this point in the movie, has no idea what it means, if anything. Later on, though, he learns that it is an abbreviation of \"Induction of Psychoneuroses by Conditioned Reflex Under Stress\". When a scientist suddenly appears, with a strange memory loss, all the dots are about to get connected.\r\n\r\nThe Ipcress File is an old movie, but not so old that you are bored by the plot, dialogue or even images. It starts out with a mysterious disappearance from a train and a murder. Who did this and for what reasons? Then we meet a young Michael Caine, this time playing an agent called Harry Palmer, who is taken from his job on a stakeout, to investigating the murder and disappearance. He is no James Bond, and thank you very much for that. In Harry Palmer we meet a real person with real routines, real emotions and who can speak like a real person without a single one-liner. For these very reasons, this is a very satisfying movie.\r\n\r\nI quite liked this movie, and while the colors are a bit faded and the dialogue a bit stiff, it actually felt contemporary, and the plot itself is as relevant today as it was back in 1965. The drama is not big car chases or rivers of blood, it is the drama between people, people that feel real and with real relationships. Also, the Harry Palmer character is not without humor, especially in the scenes with the young Jean (Sue Lloyd) who has been asked by her superior to learn more about Palmer.\r\n\r\n_Last words... As far as agent movies go, this is one of the better that I have seen in a while. If you are thinking of seeing Skyfall\u2026 don't\u2026 go rent this movie instead. You'll be the better person for it._"}], "recommandations_id": [34388, 4889, 13580, 1485], "youtube_key": "Ui5ec35Toc4"}