{"tmdb_id": 152532, "title": "Dallas Buyers Club", "original_title": "Dallas Buyers Club", "slug_title": "dallas-buyers-club", "date": "2013-11-17", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "1986, Dallas, Texas, une histoire vraie. Ron Woodroof a 35 ans, des bottes, un Stetson, c\u2019est un cow-boy, un vrai. Sa vie: sexe, drogue et rod\u00e9o. Tout bascule quand, diagnostiqu\u00e9 s\u00e9ropositif, il lui reste 30 jours \u00e0 vivre. R\u00e9volt\u00e9 par l\u2019impuissance du corps m\u00e9dical, il recourt \u00e0 des traitements alternatifs non officiels. Au fil du temps, il rassemble d\u2019autres malades en qu\u00eate de gu\u00e9rison: le Dallas Buyers Club est n\u00e9. Mais son succ\u00e8s g\u00eane, Ron doit s\u2019engager dans une bataille contre les laboratoires et les autorit\u00e9s f\u00e9d\u00e9rales. C\u2019est son combat pour une nouvelle cause... et pour sa propre vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l71pXdjUmVkzKJwOzdg0XfO5G5I.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Ron Woodroof)", "Jennifer Garner (Dr. Eve Saks)", "Jared Leto (Rayon)", "Denis O'Hare (Dr. Sevard)", "Steve Zahn (Tucker)", "Dallas Roberts (David Wayne)", "Michael O'Neill (Richard Barkley)", "Griffin Dunne (Dr. Vass)", "Kevin Rankin (T.J.)", "Bradford Cox (Sunflower)", "Scott Takeda (Mr. Yamata)", "Adam Dunn (Bartender)", "Donna DuPlantier (Nurse Frazin)", "Deneen Tyler (Denise)", "J.D. Evermore (Clint)", "Ian Casselberry (Hispanic Orderly)", "Jane McNeill (Francine Suskind)", "Juliet Reeves (Rodeo Girl)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Rog)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "**A powerful film about the will to survive and the coldness of big pharma**\r\n\r\nMatthew McConaughey gives an amazing performance as Ron Woodroof the homophobic, hard partying electrician/rodeo cowboy who becomes HIV positive due to some poor lifestyle choices.  Ostracised by his friends for having what was at the time considered a gay disease he goes on a damaging bender before discovering he has full blown AIDS. \r\n\r\nWhen faced with a death sentence and ineffective drugs approved by the FDA, he heads to Mexico to source and import medication not available in the US, and decides to sell it to help himself and others while making a tidy profit.\r\n\r\nJared Leto is magnetic as Rayon, a drug addicted gay man who becomes Woodroof's business partner and eventually his friend.  Both actors lost a significant amount of weight for the role, which lends real authenticity and gravity to the film.\r\n\r\nMade on a shoestring budget, with little to no special effects, this film is all about the story and the performances. The battles with the FDA trying to circumvent red tape, and get people medication they desperately need is frustrating and all too realistic.  Big pharma calls the shots, manipulates data and statistics and keeps peddling their toxic expensive medication, while Woodroof battles for the rights to treat himself with medicine he knows works.\r\n\r\nIt is a David and Goliath story, a look at an era when AIDS was virtually untreatable and running out of control.  One man's battle against bureaucracy told with charm and panache. \r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [168672, 76203, 85350, 194662]}