{"tmdb_id": 15260, "title": "Joy Division", "original_title": "Joy Division", "slug_title": "joy-division", "date": "2007-09-07", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "En 1976, quatre jeunes hommes issus de la post-industrielle Manchester se rendent \u00e0 un concert des Sex Pistols. Fortement inspir\u00e9s par ce show auquel ils ont assist\u00e9, ils d\u00e9cident de monter un groupe, Joy Division. Pr\u00e8s de 30 ans plus tard, malgr\u00e9 une trag\u00e9die qui les a arr\u00eat\u00e9s dans leur \u00e9lan, Joy Division conna\u00eet un succ\u00e8s et une influence plus grande que jamais. Leur h\u00e9ritage r\u00e9sonne tout particuli\u00e8rement dans une industrie musicale actuelle carri\u00e9riste et une culture pop surm\u00e9diatis\u00e9e. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 des interviews des membres survivants du groupe, aujourd'hui r\u00e9unis sous le nom de New Order, et \u00e0 des archives in\u00e9dites, Joy Division se fait la chronique d'un changement social et politique en Angleterre et nous entra\u00eene dans l'histoire de ces quatre hommes, qui ont transcend\u00e9 les barri\u00e8res \u00e9conomiques et culturelles pour produire une musique atemporelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ceZGm9vELw382vqICjZ3723BHh2.jpg", "actors": ["Anton Corbijn (Himself)", "Kevin Cummins (Himself)", "Richard Boon (Himself)", "Ian Curtis (Himself)", "Peter Hook (Himself)", "Bernard Sumner (Himself)", "Stephen Morris (Himself)", "Paul Morley (Himself)", "Genesis P-Orridge (Himself)", "Peter Saville (Himself)", "Tony Wilson (Himself)", "Pete Shelley (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In the shadowplay acting out your own death knowing no more.\r\n\r\nJoy Division, the mercurial Manchester based masters of dark post punk sounds, who in Ian Curtis had one of the eras most tortured souls.\r\n\r\nDirected by Grant Gee and written by Jon Savage, this documentary actually brings nothing new to the table for hardened fans of the band, of which I am unashamedly amongst that number. There is a tendency with musical documentaries to be over praised by fans simply because, well, they just love to see their idols/heroes/inspirations up there on the screen. Grant Gee's film has strong merits as an introduction for those new to the band, for the curious and to those hypnotised by tunes so hauntingly poetic they can reduce you to tears, but again for those who have followed Joy Division and their subsequent brotherhood band, New Order, there is nothing to be learned here.\r\n\r\nThe absence of Deborah Curtis (Ian's widow) from the doc is annoying, where we are only given printed quotes from her. One can only guess that she refused to be sharing screen space with her love rival, and fellow tormentor of Ian Curtis' psyche, Annik Honor\u00e9, the latter of which who is more than happy to fuel the documentary fire. At times this feels like a copy of Anton Corbijn's superb film, Control, only with the real life band members and entourage commenting from the edges of the frame. But then there is of course the live excerpts of the band, which lifts this up to the high levels set by Control and Deborah Curtis' excellent book, Touching from a Distance.\r\n\r\nIn that, there is the crux, Joy Division the film is essential for fans, to see that performance of Shadowplay and etc etc, it's these moments that make us forgive the narrative, which quite frankly, is a bit of a cash cow cash in. And I really do say that with heavy heart. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [114442, 136752, 144707, 51434], "youtube_key": "notfound"}