{"tmdb_id": 15263, "title": "Le grand McLintock", "original_title": "McLintock!", "slug_title": "le-grand-mclintock", "date": "1963-11-13", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "George Washington McLintock, propri\u00e9taire du plus grand ranch de la r\u00e9gion, est riche, respect\u00e9 et craint par tout le monde sauf par sa femme Katherine qui revient apr\u00e8s deux ans d'absence pour demander le divorce et obtenir la garde de leur fille Rebecca. Mais aucun des deux n'entend capituler au profit de l'autre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hfAx4gHuAfURqvQ1LYaJRnS3TAg.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (George Washington McLintock)", "Maureen O'Hara (Katherine Gilhooley McLintock)", "Patrick Wayne (Devlin Warren)", "Stefanie Powers (Becky McLintock)", "Jack Kruschen (Jake Birnbaum)", "Chill Wills (Drago)", "Yvonne De Carlo (Louise Warren)", "Jerry Van Dyke (Matt Douglas Jr.)", "Edgar Buchanan (Bunny Dull)", "Bruce Cabot (Ben Sage)", "Perry Lopez (Davey Elk)", "Strother Martin (Agard)", "Gordon Jones (Matt Douglas)", "Robert Lowery (Governor Cuthbert H. Humphrey)", "Hank Worden (Curly Fletcher)", "Michael Pate (Puma)", "Mari Blanchard (Camille Reedbottom)", "Leo Gordon (Jones)", "Bob Steele (Train Engineer)", "Frank Hagney (Elmer - Bartender (uncredited))", "Hal Needham (Carter (uncredited))", "Edward Faulkner (Young Ben Sage)", "Chuck Roberson (Sheriff Jeff Lord)", "Aissa Wayne (Alice Warren)", "Big John Hamilton (Fauntleroy Sage)", "H.W. Gim (Ching (uncredited))", "Bill Hart (Brawler (uncredited))", "Chief Sky Eagle (Running Buffalo (uncredited))", "Chief Sky Eagle (Running Buffalo (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Why does it have to be you that stirs me?\r\n\r\nMcLintock! is directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and written by James Edward Grant. It stars John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Yvonne De Carlo, Patrick Wayne and Stefanie Powers. Music is by Frank De Vol and cinematography by William H. Clothier. It's a Panavision/Technicolor production and locations used for the shoot were Nogales, Old Tucson and San Rafael Ranch State Park, Arizona, USA. A loose reworking of William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew, plot finds Duke Wayne as cattle baron George Washington McLintock, whose estranged wife Katherine (O'Hara) returns with daughter Becky (Powers) to the family town after a two year absence. Having left George originally on suspicion of him committing adultery, she now wants a divorce and with it full custody of Becky. George isn't keen on the idea and Katherine's arrival in town also signals the arrival of chaos.\r\n\r\nProduced out of John Wayne's own Batjac Productions company, McLintock! became one of Wayne's most successful and popular movies of the 60's. Played for laughs, film sees Wayne surrounded by family and friends and this shines thru in the final product. It looks, and was, a fun production, its values may be dated a great deal now, but it's easy to see why the paying public warmed to it. Wayne is in his element as the tough, hard drinking and no nonsense title character, and those playing off of him are in tune with what's needed to make the comedy work. The action is well staged by McLaglen, especially a free for all punch up at a mud pit, and Clothier's photography beautifully brings the Arizona locales out from the screen. A touch too long at just over two hours, it still manages to last the course to deliver the goods for the western/comedy seeker. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16211, 21717, 6644, 17538], "youtube_key": "8Cbh2UqXk-s"}