{"tmdb_id": 152792, "title": "Les 3 crimes de West Memphis", "original_title": "Devil's Knot", "slug_title": "les-3-crimes-de-west-memphis", "date": "2013-05-09", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie de trois adolescents, accus\u00e9s du meurtre de trois jeunes enfants lors d'un rituel satanique, rel\u00e2ch\u00e9s en ao\u00fbt 2011 apr\u00e8s 18 ans de prison par manque de preuves.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zKOujg68daWPRFy4KH6G0bM1Cxh.jpg", "actors": ["Reese Witherspoon (Pam Hobbs)", "Colin Firth (Ron Lax)", "Mireille Enos (Vicki Hutcherson)", "Stephen Moyer (John Fogelman)", "Kevin Durand (John Mark Byers)", "Collette Wolfe (Glori Shettles)", "Elias Koteas (Jerry Driver)", "Bruce Greenwood (Judge David Burnett)", "Amy Ryan (Margaret Lax)", "Alessandro Nivola (Terry Hobbs)", "Martin Henderson (Brent Davis)", "Dane DeHaan (Chris Morgan)", "James Hamrick (Damien Echols)", "Haley Craft (Teenage Employee)", "Julie Ivey (Melissa Byers)", "Kristopher Higgins (Jessie Misskelley)", "Kate Kneeland (Ron's Secretary)", "Kerry Cahill (Jo Lynn)", "Bill Murphey (Marty King)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "I understand why this film did not vastly, positively recognized, even though it was taken straight from a really cruel incident. Some viewers mind only the commercial value, forget that one because they're living a useless and careless life about society. And the other reason is there is nothing wrong in performance, direction or in any technical aspect, but the story itself do not fit to be a movie. It should have been documentary instead. \r\n\r\nCoincidentally, this movie was similar to the 2011 Koren movie 'Children...' which was also based on the true event. About children who go missing. Both the events took place in the early 90s. This silver screen movie looks a lot like television broadcastable item that it should be. There is a documentary trilogy inspired from this story. The motive was to bring the truth out and it was well received according to ratings and reviews. And don't forget the books. \r\n\r\n\u2018\u2018My son is 8-year-old. He sleeps with a night light on, \r\nhe did not run away from home.\u2019\u2019 \r\n\r\nA movie must have (1) a story to begin with, (2) characters that develop along the story and (3) finally a conclusion whether twist in it or not, happy or sad, either way it works. So what's wrong with it? Well, it lacks in development in either of above first two points and extents throughout without nothing while we are expecting a glimpse of something to happen. The fact is, no one knows what really happened, actually those who know are tight lipped because of involvement. I just can't conclude my judgement because of this movie, but give a fair point for anyone who are not familiar with this case. \r\n\r\nNot focused on a particular character, the most of the perspective in the storytelling was Colin Firth's role which was just an appearance to show I'm there but not in action. You have a couple of choices to rate this movie, one, based on the story which is real and cruel, and another is the movie that disappoints as a movie. Like I am always quite happy with the product like this, because I got to know what I supposed to learn about this 'West Memphis Three' case. Hope the new movie do convey well to the cinematic output."}], "recommandations_id": [240916, 199373, 97614, 74998]}