{"tmdb_id": 152790, "title": "Deuxi\u00e8me chance \u00e0 Brooklyn", "original_title": "The Angriest Man in Brooklyn", "slug_title": "deuxieme-chance-a-brooklyn", "date": "2014-05-23", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Le Dr. Sharon Gill (Mila Kunis), exasp\u00e9r\u00e9e par son patient Henry Altmann (Robin Williams) lui annonce sur un coup de t\u00eate qu'il ne lui reste que 90 minutes \u00e0 vivre. Commence alors une folle course contre la montre pour Henry qui croit n'avoir plus que ce temps pour recoucher avec sa femme, se rapprocher de son fr\u00e8re et de son fils...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9HtP03BCSliVE1k9ODTL8M33Eob.jpg", "actors": ["Robin Williams (Henry Altmann)", "Mila Kunis (Dr. Sharon Gill)", "Peter Dinklage (Aaron Altmann)", "Melissa Leo (Bette Altmann)", "James Earl Jones (Ruben)", "Richard Kind (Bix)", "Isiah Whitlock Jr. (Yates)", "Lee Garlington (Gummy)", "Chris Gethard (Dr. Jordan Reed)", "Olga Merediz (Jane)", "Sutton Foster (Adela)", "Daniel Raymont (Ulugbek)", "Louis C.K. (Dr. Fielding)", "Hamish Linklater (Tommy Altmann)", "Jerry Adler (Cooper)", "Da'Vine Joy Randolph (Nurse Rowan)", "Jeremie Harris (Leon)", "Roy Milton Davis (Buster)", "Hank Chen (Damien)", "Rock Kohli (Gurjot)", "Kirk Taylor (Cop)", "Sunah Bilsted (Elevator Mother)", "Len Murach (Boat Captain)", "Noah Radcliffe (Tommy (10 Years Old))", "Sawyer Ever (Tommy (5 Years Old))", "Adam Chernick (Peter (7 Years Old))", "Zariah Singletary (Flower Girl)", "Chris Skeries (Pedestrian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "It was a remake of the Israeli movie 'Mar Baum'. Kind of incorrect to call it a comedy movie when it is a dark comedy. Enjoyments from both the genres are different. You know it was one of the last movies of the legendary actor Robin Williams. That was not the reason for me to like it. The story begins to build on a silly reason, but it was a partially unique concept. Opens like a regular comedy and then turn over to the actual meaning for the contents it deals. Like the cancer theme movies it gets emotional in the later parts. There's no twists, but convinces the effort they had tried to end it on a high note. Sadly, it kind of depicts the actual life incident of Robin Williams. It is a great loss, I grew up watching 'Jumanji' and 'Flubber' and definitely he's going to live forever through his movies.\r\n\r\nHenry Altman is a man of impatient. He always angry at everyone for everything. It was no different one day when he decides to go see a doctor. He gets his turn after the long wait. As usual, he shows his anger at the lady doctor who just had a bad day. With a tension arise in an argument, a mistake will be made. So the adventure begins that takes us along all over the city which takes place in a 90 minutes. Like all the story, after realizing the what she had done was wrong, how it was brought into the sense for who affected by her mistake is the remaining.\r\n\r\n> **\u2018\u2018Anger is the only thing they left me.\r\n> Anger is my refuge, it's my shield. Anger is my birthright!\u2019\u2019**\r\n\r\nThe trailer itself said everything about the movie. Going for the movie without the trailer watch would be a great move, at least you will get something to enjoy. The cast was good, I mean everyone, including who came in short roles. It mainly focused on Robin Williams and Mila Kunis roles. These two characters take an adventure throughout the Brooklyn before the story comes to the conclusion. The movie was a lot better than I thought and what others said about it. It is kind of tearjerker movie. With the loss of Robin Williams in the real life, I got a little emotional to the end part. But the story was a bit let down. In the middle when the second half starts to undertake it really slows down and nothing happens in an exciting way. Frankly to say, it was an hour movie, but stretched for extra few more minutes to make comfortable for the theatre release. So that caused it to fall to a moderate pace. It should have been a short movie, though, as a feature film it kind of satisfied me. Somehow, with the nice direction and performances and places it was shot, all combined together gives an overall decent movie watching experience.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [281418, 209271, 243935, 209403]}