{"tmdb_id": 152742, "title": "The Best Offer", "original_title": "La migliore offerta", "slug_title": "the-best-offer", "date": "2013-01-01", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Virgil Oldman est un monde d'antiquit\u00e9s c\u00e9l\u00e8bre expert et commissaire-priseur. Un g\u00e9nie excentrique, il m\u00e8ne une vie solitaire, aller \u00e0 l'extr\u00eame pour garder ses distances avec le d\u00e9sordre des relations humaines. Lors de sa nomination par le beau mais \u00e9motionnellement endommag\u00e9 Claire pour superviser l'\u00e9valuation et la vente de la collection d'art inestimable de sa famille, Virgile se permet de former un attachement pour elle - et bient\u00f4t il est englouti par une passion qui fera vibrer son existence", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kvQnNNFkjSw1BDjPXqKtzWgDrj2.jpg", "actors": ["Geoffrey Rush (Virgil Oldman)", "Jim Sturgess (Robert)", "Sylvia Hoeks (Claire)", "Donald Sutherland (Billy)", "Maximilian Dirr (Virgil's Assistant)", "Philip Jackson (Fred)", "Dermot Crowley (Lambert)", "Liya Kebede (Sarah)", "Hannah Britland (Terri)", "Brigitte Christensen (The Sister)", "Kiruna Stamell (Girl in the Bar)", "Caterina Capodilista (Young Woman)", "Gen Seto (Housekeeper)", "Klaus Tauber (Virgil's Assistant #1)", "Laurence Belgrave (Virgil's Assistant #3)", "Sean Buchanan (Virgil's Assistant #4)", "John Benfield (Barman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Are ready to change yourself when you think you found your match!**\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by one of the famous Italian filmmaker, Giuseppe Tornatore. An English language film, Geoffrey Rush in the lead. It was about an aging art and antique auctioneer, Virgil. The story reveals his final days in his professional field where he meets a young woman who pursued him for her inherited antiques to put on auction. The woman is very mysterious, because of her medical condition and how they both become so close despite their initial meetings were disastrous is the remaining film to tell us with a twist in the final.\r\n\r\nIt was an awesome storytelling. The screenplay was the top notch and the matching background score. Especially when the story ends and credits rolls up, all those memories from the film keeps us fresh with that music. The music won several awards for the film. I liked the story, but towards the end, I kind of predicted almost everything. That did not stop me, so I enjoyed it thoroughly. Particularly the theme of the film, which I think a bit fresh, and I liked the conclusion as well, but I feel it should have been different or more to it. The way it ended might disappoint some people, but still it is very smart.\r\n\r\nEverybody was good, but it was Geoffrey Rush, who stole the show with his stellar performance. Three years might be a little late, but it's never too late to watch a fine film like this. One of the best suspense films from the recent time, it is a must see, particularly if you are seeking a good entertainment. So I hope you watch it if you're not yet.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [179144, 10376, 11216, 53487]}