{"tmdb_id": 153518, "title": "Angry Birds, le film", "original_title": "The Angry Birds Movie", "slug_title": "angry-birds-le-film", "date": "2016-05-11", "genre": "Animation / Aventure / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Ce film nous am\u00e8ne sur une \u00eele enti\u00e8rement peupl\u00e9e d\u2019oiseaux heureux et qui ne volent pas \u2013 ou presque. Dans ce paradis, Red, un oiseau avec un probl\u00e8me de col\u00e8re, le tr\u00e8s press\u00e9 Chuck, et l\u2019impr\u00e9visible Bomb ont toujours \u00e9t\u00e9 mis \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9cart. Mais lorsqu\u2019arrivent des cochons verts myst\u00e9rieux sur l\u2019\u00eele, ce sera la mission de ce groupe de parias de d\u00e9couvrir ce que trament les cochons.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mM2jexjZZkjNp6WxXgQAizfIBk9.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Sudeikis (Red (voice))", "Josh Gad (Chuck (voice))", "Danny McBride (Bomb (voice))", "Maya Rudolph (Matilda (voice))", "Bill Hader (Leonard (voice))", "Peter Dinklage (Mighty Eagle (voice))", "Sean Penn (Terence (voice))", "Keegan-Michael Key (Judge Peckinpah (voice))", "Tony Hale (Ross / Cyrus / Mime (voice))", "Ike Barinholtz (Tiny (voice))", "Tituss Burgess (Photog (voice))", "Hannibal Buress (Edward the Birthday Dad (voice))", "Jillian Bell (Helen the Lunch Mom / Yoga Instructor (voice))", "Ian Hecox (Bubbles (voice))", "Anthony Padilla (Hal (voice))", "Billy Eichner (Chef Pig / Phillip (voice))", "Danielle Brooks (Olive Blue / Monica the Crossing Guard (voice))", "Kate McKinnon (Stella / Eva the Birthday Mom (voice))", "Blake Shelton (Earl Pig (voice))", "Charli XCX (Willow (voice))", "Romeo Santos (Early Bird (voice))", "Cristela Alonzo (Shirley the Old Lady Bird (voice))", "Adam Brown (Hug Trader (voice))", "Ava Acres (Timothy the Birthday Bird (voice))", "Geoffrey Arend (Day Care Teacher (voice))", "Catherine Winder (Billy the Sign (voice))", "Alex Borstein (Sophie Bird / Peggy Bird (voice))", "John Cohen (Johnny Bird (voice))", "Max Charles (Bobby Bird (voice))", "Clay Kaytis (Clayton the Waiter Bird (voice))", "Matthew J. McCarthy (Rodney Pig / Acrobat Pig (voice))", "Fergal Reilly (Foreman Pig (voice))", "Samantha Cohen (Samantha Hatchling (voice))", "Kevin Bigley (Greg Blue (voice))", "Ali Wong (Betty Bird (voice))", "Mckenna Grace (Ella Bird (voice))", "Fred Tatasciore (Monty Pig (voice))", "Judah Friedlander (Bill Beakins (voice))", "Jeff Fischer (Loop Group (voice))", "Richard Steven Horvitz (Loop Group (voice))", "Hope Levy (Loop Group (voice))", "Scott Menville (Loop Group (voice))", "Edie Mirman (Loop Group (voice))", "Michelle Ruff (Loop Group (voice))", "Michael Sorich (Loop Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> What makes the birds to get so angry?\r\n\r\nVideo games to films is an old topic to discuss it now, but the fans from the original source are always in the high hope when they hear news like this. Because 'Angry Birds' game is one of the mainstream games which is originally from Finland. Despite the mixed reviews, it is a box office success and definitely a sequel on the card. After lots of animal themed films, now in the line of underrated animation 'Free Birds', another the bird's quest begins with this.\r\n\r\nI'm not much into this game, but I was looking forward to the film since it was first announced. Now I'm here after the watch and I think is a good film, but better suitable for children than the adults. That did not stop me from enjoying it. The target audience might be the kids with those cute film characters, as well as the story, but there are some dialogues that are written keeping in mind the grownups. Anyway, most of the adults won't feel they are in a wrong cinema hall if they regularly watch animation films, especially in the present world animations are accepted as for all ages.\r\n\r\nSo this is the story about the Red, an orphan bird lives in a small house on the sea shore. The kids from the island loves him, but the adults stay away from him for his bad anger attitude. One day a ship of pigs arrives on the bird's island offering friendship, but their intention was later known once the valuables things were stolen from them. So the revenge and rescue operation begins which stretched with full of action-adventure in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nFilled with lots of fun moments, it was much better than I expected. Sometimes it looked cute, but you know our angry bird, Red with his companions makes it not to stay that way. Peter Dinklage as Might Eagle was one of the highlights of the film and the rest of the cast did well too. It is definitely a great directional debute for the two experienced animators. Makes a bit sad how the film was received, but after seeing it myself I think its fine. Different people have different opinion. In my perspective, it was a good watch so I surely suggest it, especially for animation fans and obviously children.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [140300, 332210, 159824, 278154]}