{"tmdb_id": 15360, "title": "The Night Stalker", "original_title": "The Night Stalker", "slug_title": "the-night-stalker", "date": "1972-01-11", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Thriller / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Carl Kolchak poursuit un alchimiste qui serait \u00e2g\u00e9 de plus de 100 ans. Ce dernier trouverait la jeunesse \u00e9ternelle en tuant des jeunes femmes et en se repaissant de leur sang...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dij60cVBL39B5t1SdGQr33APksC.jpg", "actors": ["Darren McGavin (Carl Kolchak)", "Carol Lynley (Gail Foster)", "Simon Oakland (Tony Vincenzo)", "Ralph Meeker (Bernie Jenks)", "Claude Akins (Sheriff Warren A. Butcher)", "Charles McGraw (Police Chief Ed Masterson)", "Kent Smith (District Attorney Tom Paine)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (Mickey Crawford)", "Stanley Adams (Fred Hurley)", "Larry Linville (Dr. Robert Makurji)", "Jordan Rhodes (Dr. John O'Brien)", "Barry Atwater (Janos Skorzeny)", "Edward Faulkner (Las Vegas Policeman (uncredited))", "Virginia Gregg (Mrs. Brandon (uncredited))", "Buddy Joe Hooker (Intern (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Judge for yourself its believability and then try to tell yourself, wherever you may be, it couldn't happen here.\r\n\r\nCarl Kolchak (Darren McGavin) is a cynical and brusk Los Angeles newspaper reporter who comes to believe the activities of a serial killer are in fact - those of a modern day vampire!\r\n\r\nIt spawned a sequel and a TV series, such was the impact of this better than average TV horror movie. It's a film of many delights, full of rich and quirky characters, who come to life as the screenplay enjoys toying with audience expectations. Nicely photographed as well, there's a lot of love gone into bringing this to the screen. The great Richard Matheson adapts from a Jeffrey Rice story, while a roll call of excellent character actors of the 40s and 50s give stoic support to the magnetic and witty McGavin.\r\n\r\nNot as scary these days as it would have been to impressionable viewers back in 72, it's none the less a horror antique to cherish. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A formidable vampire is on the loose in Las Vegas\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN EARLY 1972 and directed by John Llewellyn Moxey, \"The Night Stalker\" chronicles events in Las Vegas when the bodies of several young women are found drained of blood. Intrepid reporter Carl Kolchak (Darren McGavin) increasingly suspects that something supernatural is at foot, which his bellowing boss finds incredulous (Simon Oakland), as well as city authorities (Ralph Meeker, Claude Akins & Kent Smith). Elisha Cook Jr is on hand as an informant while Barry Atwater plays Janos Skorzeny. \r\n\r\n\u201cThe Night Stalker\u201d was a hugely successful TV movie, which naturally led to a sequel, \u201cThe Night Strangler\u201d (1973), and a series that ran for one season from 1974-1975 (20 episodes), not to mention numerous Kolchak books. This original movie was the best of the batch with \u201cThe Night Strangler\u201d almost as good and even better in some ways. Both movies established the template (formula) for all that followed. \r\n\r\nWhat makes this movie \u201cthe best of the batch\u201d? Answer: The streamlined story is full of intrigue, action, ravishing women, horror and suspense; and the jazzy score doesn\u2019t hurt. As far as the women go, lovely Carol Lynley is on hand as Kolchak\u2019s babe, but not enough is done with her. Nevertheless, there are 3-4 peripheral beauties. The sequel flick and the first episode \u201cThe Ripper\u201d followed this pilot\u2019s lead in the female department, but the rest of the series was rather weak on this front. \r\n\r\nSince this is a TV flick from the early 70s don\u2019t expect a much gore.        \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 14 minutes and was shot in Las Vegas with studio work done at Universal Studios & Samuel Goldwyn Studios, CA. WRITER: Richard Matheson (teleplay) & Jeffrey Grant Rice (story).\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [32021, 48014, 64568, 68146]}