{"tmdb_id": 153738, "title": "Frankenstein's Army", "original_title": "Frankenstein's Army", "slug_title": "frankenstein-s-army", "date": "2013-01-24", "genre": "Action / Horreur", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans les derniers jours de la Deuxi\u00e8me Guerre mondiale, un bataillon russe se perd dans le territoire ennemi. Tombant sur un village d\u00e9cim\u00e9 par une terreur invisible, ses membres se retrouvent dans le laboratoire secret d'un scientifique d\u00e9rang\u00e9 et sont contraints de combattre une arm\u00e9e horrible de machines de guerre de chair et de m\u00e9tal. Sans chef et min\u00e9s par les dissensions, les Russes doivent faire preuve de courage pour contrer cette nouvelle menace... ou mourir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g4I4zCJYzgkfhacCeuHinmZmzAK.jpg", "actors": ["Karel Roden (Viktor)", "Joshua Sasse (Sergei)", "Robert Gwilym (Novikov)", "Alexander Mercury (Dimitri)", "Luke Newberry (Sacha)", "Hon Ping Tang (Ivan)", "Andrei Zayats (Vassili)", "Mark Stevenson (Alexei)", "Cristina Catalina (Eva)", "Jan de Lukowicz (Fritz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I guess one good thing one can say about this movie is that the producer had tried to make it a bit original. Unfortunately it did not work for me. I have never really liked these handy-cam movies where all the scenes are jumping around. This one tried to be a bit original in that it was simulating being made by an old-fashioned world war II film camera instead of a handy-cam. I am afraid that it did not really make it any better as far as I am concerned. It just added a few scrapes and the occasional end of the film reel effect every so often. Usually when something gory was about to happen.\n\nSpeaking of gory. The movie was not really that goory unless you count a lot of body parts being strewn around the scenes. Plenty of the, supposedly, gory parts was just silly, possibly supposed to be comical, but mostly just really silly. The part where the mad \u201cgenious\u201d was grafting to brain parts, one Nazi and one communist, together was just ludicrous and sad.\n\nThe blurb claims this was supposed to be Hitler\u2019s last ghastly attempt to win the war but in the movie it seemed little more than some crazy guys drug induced dream. The main adversary failed completely in projecting any form of \u201cgenius\u201d image and there certainly did not seem to be any support from the Nazi regime.\n\nTo make matters worse there was really not a single likable person in the movie. All the characters where either just filler characters, crazy people, real assholes or some mixture of said traits.\nI am afraid that I had to force myself to watch this movie to the end."}], "recommandations_id": [122369, 132064, 40041, 157115]}