{"tmdb_id": 15379, "title": "Port\u00e9s disparus", "original_title": "Missing in Action", "slug_title": "portes-disparus", "date": "1984-11-16", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "James Braddock, colonel des Forces Sp\u00e9ciales Am\u00e9ricaines, est retenu dans un camp de prisonniers vietnamien. Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre \u00e9vad\u00e9, il se voit confier la mission de localiser et de sauver un groupe d'hommes port\u00e9s disparus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tUGyhiQXDcCPvt0H6zVG2vcZJnU.jpg", "actors": ["Chuck Norris (Col. James Braddock)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Tuck)", "David Tress (Sen. Porter)", "Lenore Kasdorf (Ann)", "James Hong (Gen. Trau)", "Ernie Ortega (Vinh)", "Pierrino Mascarino (Jacques)", "Erich Anderson (Masucci)", "Joseph Carberry (Carter)", "Avi Kleinberger (Dalton)", "Willie Williams (Randall)", "Bella Flores (Madame Pearl)", "Ric Segreto (G.I.)", "Gil Arceo (First Vietnamese Businessman)", "Roger Dantes (Second Vietnamese Businessman)", "Jean-Claude Van Damme (Soldier (uncredited))", "Sabatini Fernandez (Dinh)", "Renato Morado (Mike)", "James Crumrine (Gibson)", "Jeff Mason (Barnes)", "Stephen Barbers (Moore)", "Jessie Cuneta (Street Hawker)", "Joonee Gamboa (Bartender)", "Augusto Victa (Tran's Aide)", "Protacio Dee (Yang)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ah, Colonel Braddock. I heard much about you. Welcome to the People's Republic of Vietnam.\r\n\r\nChuck Norris is Col. James Braddock, a survivor of a Vietnam Prisoner of War camp who many years later decides to return to find proof - and liberate - American soldiers still being held against their will.\r\n\r\nAs the 1980s boom for martial artists becoming filmic action stars gathered apace, Chuck Norris carved his own spot upon the testosterone fuelled wave. Much like a lot of films of its ilk, Missing in Action is of course daft, violent, jingoistic but also crucially it's a whole bunch of fun. This naturally comes down to expectation levels for a production of this type, park the brain and enjoy the cheese and carnage. It's a bit disappointing to find that we don't get to see much of Norris' martial artistry, it' s more a case of gun play and standard fists and kicks taking the lead in this one. The story is hardly taxing and many scenes just serve to show some flesh and pecs, but with M. Emmet Walsh along for the ride as an ebullient side-kick, there's enough here for the undemanding action film fan to enjoy. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12764, 27352, 16113, 14854], "youtube_key": "CgmADv4tkLQ"}