{"tmdb_id": 153764, "title": "The Last Blues", "original_title": "Az utols\u00f3 blues", "slug_title": "the-last-blues", "date": "2002-10-10", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "On the surface it is an idyll. He lives a happily married life with Judit, a teacher and their eight-year old son, Dani. His best friend, Zoli is also his business partner and between the two of them they own four flourishing bakeries in Budapest. An enviable setting. But in the background a time bomb is ticking away. For years Andris has been living a passionate and blessed second life. The scene is Poland. Pretending to be making business trips, he has been spending half the year in Cracow, with Bea. She is a beautiful young woman and a church-painter. In this life Andris paints Creation in the chapel near the city. He is sensitive and gifted in what he does. In Pest he is a talented businessman, in Cracow an excellent artist. It is as if there were two people in him. What's more: he is satisfied with both lives. And since he is also an excellent conspirator, until this early morning he has never had to make a choice. But now Bea is pregnant, and would like to marry him...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kWTMcBYoAvZ5Kr6jM087122LbJH.jpg", "actors": ["J\u00e1nos Kulka (Andris)", "Andrea Fullajt\u00e1r (Judit)", "Agnieszka Wagner (Bea)", "P\u00e9ter Rudolf (Zoli)", "G\u00e1bor Ag\u00e1rdi (Zs\u00fcl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}