{"tmdb_id": 15393, "title": "Un frisson dans la nuit", "original_title": "Play Misty for Me", "slug_title": "un-frisson-dans-la-nuit", "date": "1971-11-03", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dave Garland est disc-jockey \u00e0 la station de radio KRML de Monterey. R\u00e9guli\u00e8rement, une auditrice lui demande de passer \"Misty\" d'Errol Garner. Un soir, il la rencontre dans le bar de son ami Murphy. Elle s'appelle Evelyn Draper. Ils passent la nuit ensemble. Le lendemain, elle le rejoint chez lui. Dave la trouve un peu inqui\u00e9tante et envahissante. Il renoue avec son amie Tobie Williams, qui est de retour. Cette derni\u00e8re lui demande quelques jours pour faire le point.Evelyn retrouve Dave et ils passent une nouvelle nuit ensemble. Dave se sent oppress\u00e9 par Evelyn. Elle lui pr\u00e9pare un d\u00eener auquel il se rend, d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 rompre. Elle l'importune. Il rompt et part. Evelyn continue \u00e0 le poursuivre au t\u00e9l\u00e9phone et le surveille sans qu'il s'en rende compte alors qu'il est avec Tobie. Elle se pr\u00e9cipite en pleine nuit chez lui et s'ouvre les veines...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gMMYNpxsVwGjgtMR20dKXr3kWUg.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Dave)", "Jessica Walter (Evelyn)", "John Larch (Sgt. McCallum)", "Donna Mills (Tobie)", "Jack Ging (Frank)", "Irene Hervey (Madge)", "James McEachin (Al Monte)", "Clarice Taylor (Birdie)", "Don Siegel (Murphy)", "Duke Everts (Jay Jay)", "George Fargo (Man)", "Mervin W. Frates (Locksmith)", "Tim Frawley (Deputy Sheriff)", "Otis Kadani (Policeman)", "Brit Lind (Anjelica)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well if you are going to play away Dave...\r\n\r\nDave Garver (Clint Eastwood) is a late night disc jockey in Carmel, California. Whilst his girlfriend is out of town he meets and beds a fan named Evelyn (Jessica Walter) who turns out to be the mystery caller to his show who sexily requests the Errol Garner classic tune \"Play Misty For Me\". Thinking that his night of passion with Evelyn is purely a one off, he starts to become concerned as Evelyn refuses to leave him alone, and things are about to get very out of hand and become very disturbing for all involved.\r\n\r\nThis was Clint Eastwood's first stab (hrr hrr) at directing and it proved to be a very commendable effort as he directs himself in the picture, polishes the production across the board, and then wrapped the film on time and under budget, quite an achievement and it's no surprise that he went on to be a big hitter from behind the camera right up to this present day.\r\n\r\nPlay Misty For Me is a truly tight and engrossing picture, and certainly more of a character study than its slasher shell would suggest. Eastwood (playing against type) plays Garver perfectly weasel like, and it's because of his selfish sexual proclivities, and all round disdain for his actions, that the maelstrom that comes his way is kind of like the reckoning. The picture firmly belongs to Jessica Walter, though, her turn as the irrational psychotic in waiting, Evelyn, is truly magic, lacing sympathetic sadness with outright moments of terror, believable to the point of forcing the audience into an uneasy understanding. It's a mystery (and a crying shame) that Walter didn't go on to be a big star because the marker for major talent was right here.\r\n\r\nEdgy and darkly fascinating, Play Misty For Me stands up today as a right on the money thriller, and not even the sight of Clint in his over large white underpants can dim the films appeal. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26170, 20187, 17689, 16969], "youtube_key": "t9JAz9-Kxbk"}