{"tmdb_id": 15401, "title": "Captain Kidd", "original_title": "Captain Kidd", "slug_title": "captain-kidd", "date": "1945-12-25", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "En 1699, le roi d'Angleterre charge le capitaine Kidd d'escorter un navire avec un tr\u00e9sor \u00e0 son bord. Pour cette \u00e9quip\u00e9e, Kidd recrute des hommes parmi les plus redoutables des repris de justice du pays.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kQg1K5dics5W7eQe1D8GKaj6hfA.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Laughton (Captain Kidd)", "Randolph Scott (Adam Mercy)", "Barbara Britton (Lady Anne Dunstan)", "John Carradine (Orange Povey)", "Gilbert Roland (Jose Lorenzo)", "John Qualen (Bart Blivens)", "Sheldon Leonard (Cyprian Boyle)", "William Farnum (Capt. Rawson)", "Henry Daniell (King William III)", "Reginald Owen (Cary Shadwell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In days of old when ships were bold, just like the men that sailed them.  \r\n\r\nCaptain Kidd is directed by Rowland V. Lee and adapted to screenplay by Norman Reilly Raine from a story by Robert N. Lee. It stars Charles Laughton, Randolph Scott, Barbara Britton and John Carradine. Music is scored by Werner Janssen and cinematography by Archie Stout.\r\n\r\nThe late 17th century and ruthless pirate Captain William Kidd (Laughton) is the scourge of the seas and attempts a double cross of King William III (Henry Daniell). His dastardly scheming, however, is in danger of falling apart when he hires ex-convict Adam Mercy (Scott) to be his master gunner. For Mercy has a secret and he also has his own mission to complete.\r\n\r\nThe most ruthless of them all, Captain William Kidd.\r\n\r\nForget history and try to enjoy Captain Kidd for its light hearted piratical touches. Running at 90 minutes the film is surprisingly short on blood pumping action, with much of the screenplay given to draggy verbose passages. Yet there is an overriding sense of fun throughout, with a cast of highly watchable actors making it very much an acting 101 picture. \r\n\r\nParticularly striking is Laughton who seems to be enjoying himself royally as he gets to pout, stomp and dally in villainy. However, there's not enough of the excellent Daniell and the very pretty Barbara Britton is a token offering who is reduced to a near walk on part late in proceedings. Janssen's score is suitably full of high seas bluster, and plot has enough skullduggery, back stabbing and treasure plundering to at the least keep one interested to the finale. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [55773, 26373, 40642, 74422], "youtube_key": "nAZdL0e1bwE"}