{"tmdb_id": 154091, "title": "Rues de Laredo", "original_title": "Streets of Laredo", "slug_title": "rues-de-laredo", "date": "1949-05-27", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Texas, 1878: joyeux hors la loi-copains Jim, Lorn et Wahoo sauvetage courageux orphelin Rannie Carter de racketteurs bruissement, puis sont forc\u00e9s de se s\u00e9parer. Lorn va \u00e0 plus gros et meilleurs vols, alors que Jim et Wahoo sont (d'abord \u00e0 contrec\u0153ur) manoeuvr\u00e9 \u00e0 rejoindre les Rangers du Texas. Pour l'amour de l'amiti\u00e9, les trois tentent de garder hors de conflit direct, mais une \u00e9preuve de force commence \u00e0 regarder in\u00e9vitable. Et Rannie, maintenant devenu belle jeune condition f\u00e9minine, doit choisir entre Lorn et Jim", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rPbZYjo0eKrLYvkuh665WRxApSt.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Jim Dawkins)", "Macdonald Carey (Lorn Reming)", "Mona Freeman (Rannie Carter)", "William Bendix (Reuben 'Wahoo' Jones)", "Stanley Ridges (Major Bailey)", "Alfonso Bedoya (Charley Calico)", "Ray Teal (Henchman Cantrel)", "Clem Bevans (Pop Lint)", "James Bell (Ike)", "Dick Foote (Texas Ranger Pipes)", "Joe Dominguez (Texas Ranger Francisco)", "Grandon Rhodes (Phil Jessup)", "Perry Ivins (Mayor Towson)", "Hank Worden (Texas Ranger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Boys From Company D - Frontier Battalion. \r\n\r\nStreets of Laredo is directed by Leslie Fenton and adapted to screenplay by Charles Marquis Warren from a Louis Stevens and Elizabeth Hill story. It stars William Holden, Macdonald Carey, William Bendix and Mona Freeman. Music is by Victor Young and cinematography by Ray Rennahan. \r\n\r\nFor fans of traditional Westerns this is as solid as a Brick Adobe Structure. A remake of The Texas Rangers (1936) of sorts, plot finds Holden, Bendix and Carey as three bad boys who get divided by circumstance, love and conscious. Two of them wind up in the Texas Rangers - the famed frontier law enforcement battalion - the other stays on the wrong side of the law. All roads lead to the day of reckoning... \r\n\r\nThe production is the usual mixed bag of superlative location photography (Simi Valley/Gallup) and crude back projection so often seen in the 40s and 50s Oater releases, with Rennahan's Technicolor photography a treat for the eyes. Performances are assured because the three principal guy actors are given characterisations that suits them - Holden tough emotional anti-hero - Bendix a lovable and dopey toughie - Carey sly bad boy. Freeman is lovely but it's a dressage character, while Alfonso Bedoya is on hand for some stereotypical bandido villainy. \r\n\r\nAt 90 minutes in length it feels a bit padded out until the two guys actually join the Rangers, so some patience is required during the first half. However, there is plenty of Western movie action within the story, some turns in plotting to grab the heart strings and a pleasing array of costumes and musical accompaniments to keep the senses perky. All told, it's just a thoroughly enjoyable Oater regardless of if you have happened to have seen the original version. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [120124, 64368, 66888, 95677], "youtube_key": "notfound"}