{"tmdb_id": 154093, "title": "Le cavalier traqu\u00e9", "original_title": "Riding Shotgun", "slug_title": "le-cavalier-traque", "date": "1954-04-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "Quand un gardien de stagecoach tente d'avertir une ville d'un raid imminent par une bande de brigands, les gens le prennent pour l'un des gangs", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7BQeVnWief7ZvlH9aK0X9CHMtYa.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Larry Delong)", "Wayne Morris (Deputy Sheriff Tub Murphy)", "Joan Weldon (Orissa Flynn)", "Joe Sawyer (Tom Biggert)", "James Millican (Dan Marady)", "Charles Bronson (Pinto (as Charles Buchinsky))", "James Bell (Doc Winkler)", "Fritz Feld (Fritz)", "Richard Garrick (Walters)", "Vic Perrin (Bar-M Rider with Lynching Rope (as Victor Perrin))", "John Baer (Deputy Ross Hughes)", "William Johnstone (Col. Flynn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Deepwater Dimwits.\r\n\r\nRiding Shotgun is directed by Andre De Toth and adapted to screenplay by Thomas W. Blackburn fro the story \u201cRiding Solo\u201d written by Kenneth Perkins. It stars Randolph Scott, Wayne Morris, Joan Weldon, Joe Sawyer, James Millican, Charles Bronson and James Bell. Music is by David Buttolph and Warnercolor cinematography is by Bert Glennon.\r\n\r\nBefore he would make the Western movies with Budd Boetticher that would define him as a Western movie legend, Randolph Scott worked tirelessly in the genre. He would make 6 films with Ray Enright and 6 with Andre De Toth, all of these are good value for the Western fan. They vary in thematic quality, but production value was always decent and there was always Randy at war with some gruff or poncey bloke, nice location photography and of course some gorgeous ladies as well. That\u2019s enough for genre fans who happily take these movies on their required terms.\r\n\r\nAnyone else got anything to say?\r\n\r\nRiding Shotgun has Scott as Larry Delong, a man who spends his time \u201criding shotgun\u201d as a stagecoach guard. He has an ulterior motive, though, he\u2019s constantly on the look out for a known outlaw, Dan Marady (Millican), and he wants him dead. Sure enough Malady is about the place and Larry falls into a trap and finds things spiralling so out of control, that by the time he manages to get back into town, practically everyone hates him and thinks he\u2019s part of Marady\u2019s murderous gang.\r\n\r\nHate makes a man careless.\r\n\r\nCue a scenario where Delong, who has been wonderfully providing us with a film noir like narration throughout (love the wry David and Goliath observation), literally has to make a one man stand against the dimwit townsfolk and also Marady and his henchmen who are fronted by twitchy gun Pinto! (Bronson). It clocks in at under 75 minutes, it\u2019s brisk, it has Scott kicking ass big time and it looks lovely (unsurprising with Glennon photographing). \r\n\r\nIs it flawless? God no! There\u2019s some distinctly below average acting around Scott (Morris/Millican), while Fritz Feld as the Cantina owner (erm, called Fritz) where Delong holes up, is annoying in the extreme. While as radiant and perky as Joan Weldon is, she\u2019s no actress capable of grabbing a scene and shooting electricity through it. But this type of Scott Oater is comfort food to genre fans who once in a while like to down pistols and relax away from the more serious genre fare. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [260451, 82963], "youtube_key": "notfound"}