{"tmdb_id": 154066, "title": "Massacre \u00c0 Furnace Creek", "original_title": "Fury at Furnace Creek", "slug_title": "massacre-a-furnace-creek", "date": "1948-04-30", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 la complicit\u00e9 d'un tra\u00eetre, des Indiens ont massacr\u00e9 la garnison qui \u00e9tait en poste \u00e0 Furnace Creek. Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Fletcher Blackwell est accus\u00e9 par sa hi\u00e9rarchie d'\u00eatre directement responsable de ce carnage. Les deux fils de l'officier mis en tort, Cash et Rufe Blackwell, d\u00e9cident de laver l'honneur perdu de leur p\u00e8re en d\u00e9masquant les vrais coupables. Ils utilisent diff\u00e9rentes m\u00e9thodes pour faire la lumi\u00e8re sur cette affaire. Le premier a une approche plut\u00f4t directe tandis que le second pr\u00e9f\u00e8re agir en toute discr\u00e9tion. Si au d\u00e9but de leur enqu\u00eate, leurs pistes se perdent en conjectures, ils finissent par retrouver celui qui a profit\u00e9 du massacre de Furnace Creek...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tE3cRnCrCUKG5t8XN5SzEAxbTnI.jpg", "actors": ["Victor Mature (Cash Blackwell / Tex Cameron)", "Coleen Gray (Molly Baxter)", "Glenn Langan (Capt. Rufe Blackwell / Sam Gilmore)", "Reginald Gardiner (Capt. Grover A. Walsh)", "Albert Dekker (Edward Leverett)", "Fred Clark (Bird)", "Charles Kemper (Peaceful Jones)", "Robert Warwick (Gen. Fletcher Blackwell)", "George Cleveland (Judge)", "Roy Roberts (Al Shanks)", "Willard Robertson (Gen. Leads)", "Griff Barnett (Appleby)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Pops Murphy (uncredited))", "Jay Silverheels (Little Dog (uncredited))", "Cap Somers (Trial Spectator (uncredited))", "Ray Teal (Sergeant (uncredited))", "Robert Williams (Stranger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rufe and Cash.\r\n\r\nFury at Furnace Creek is directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and collectively written by Charles G. Booth, Winston Miller and David Garth. It stars Victor Mature, Glenn Langan, Coleen Gray, Albert Dekker and Reginald Gardiner. Music is by David Raksin and cinematography by Harry Jackson.\r\n\r\nWhen General Blackwell (Robert Warwick) is accused of instigating an Apache massacre, he refutes the allegation so strongly in court he keels over and dies. With the family name tarnished, the estranged Blackwell brothers (Mature and Langan) must put aside their differences to hopefully unearth the truth and clear their father's name.\r\n\r\nNice. Without bringing new dimensions to this formula of plotting, Fury at Furnace Creek is stylish and doesn't take the easy narrative options so prevalent in other Westerns of the 40s. Sure, the standard action quotient is adhered to, with Apache attack, pursuits, saloon shoot-out and the good versus bad finale, but screenplay and scripting has an intelligence about it; and the cast performances coupled with Jackson's shadowy infused black and white photography, make this well worthy of a look by the Western faithful. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [66888]}