{"tmdb_id": 154304, "title": "McDull, the Alumni", "original_title": "\u6625\u7530\u82b1\u82b1\u540c\u5b78\u6703", "slug_title": "mcdull-the-alumni", "date": "2006-01-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In McDull, the Alumni, our protagonist has grown up. He is no longer the little boy who banters with his mates at school. How he wishes he could just go on bantering all day long with his mates at the renowned Flower on the Spring Field Kindergarten. But that is not to be. Like all grown-ups, he has to grapple with harsh reality. McDull and his mates are scattered all over the place. Each one of them has to find his or her own path. In each of their hearts, they know they have failed. Meanwhile, life goes on in the kindergarten. Someone strums a guitar and the pupils chime in to the song: Puff the magic dragon, lives by the sea\u2026 A dragon lives forever, but not so little boys. With hindsight, McDull believes this could well be the maxim of the Flower on the Spring Field Kindergarten alumni.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m94sNdIdLs9xW5WHBsOxmUjkzhr.jpg", "actors": ["Ronald Cheng (Marketing Head / Musical instruments salesman)", "Gigi Leung (Suckers salesgirl / hotpot receptionist)", "Anthony Wong (Ship captain)", "Eric Tsang (Fat woman in dream /Beach lifeguard)", "Bibi Chow (May)", "Josie Ho (Dieting office lady)", "Kelly Chan (Office lady who hates Law Diner's food)", "Shawn Yue (Policeman relaying order to Law Diner)", "Miki Yeung (Policewoman relaying order to Law Diner)", "Jan Lamb (Hotpot kitchen help with fish heads)", "Francis Ng (Judge ordering at hotpot)", "Nicholas Tse (Old man in toilet)", "Michael Miu (Snr police officer)", "Theresa Fu (Beach kiosk salesgirl)", "Jaycee Chan (Office worker cooking eggs)", "Cheung Tat-Ming (Lawyer ordering at hotpot)", "Daniel Wu (Hijacker #2)", "Jim Chim (\"Point\" meeting manager)", "Dejay Choi (Miss Chan (voice))", "Christopher Doyle (BBQ cook)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}