{"tmdb_id": 154719, "title": "WWE Elimination Chamber 2010", "original_title": "WWE Elimination Chamber 2010", "slug_title": "wwe-elimination-chamber-2010", "date": "2010-02-21", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Elimination Chamber (2010) was a PPV which took place on February 21, 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It was the first Elimination Chamber event.  The concept of the event was that the two main event matches would occur in an Elimination Chamber. Each match featured six competitors: the defending champion and five challengers. Sheamus defended the WWE Championship against Triple H, Ted DiBiase, Randy Orton, John Cena, and Kofi Kingston in the Raw Elimination Chamber. In the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match, The Undertaker defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho, John Morrison, Rey Mysterio, CM Punk and R-Truth. On the undercard, Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane, The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter, and Maryse and Gail Kim competed against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in an interbrand Divas tag team match.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tarPAYsH6JCNvb8SfvTsGyRkJ9j.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Stephen Farrelly (Sheamus)", "John Hennigan (John Morrison)", "Ron Killings (R-Truth)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Ted DiBiase, Jr. (Himself)", "Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah (Kofi Kingston)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Andrew Galloway (Drew McIntyre)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Michelle Leigh Calaway  (Herself)", "Layla El (Herself)", "Maryse Ouellet (Herself)", "Gail Kim (Herself)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (MVP)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Andrew Hankinson (Luke Gallows)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [80172, 60147, 49401, 63205], "youtube_key": "FaxDNmxwlE0"}