{"tmdb_id": 154925, "title": "Every Madman to His Specialty", "original_title": "Cada loco con su tema", "slug_title": "every-madman-to-his-specialty", "date": "1939-04-28", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Julio Cesar (Enrique Herrera), writer of soap operas, is very upset nerves. Dr. Jimenez (Alberto Gal\u00e1n) recommends an institution that will give he a therapy to cure these scares. To avoid exposure to bad publicity, is camouflaged by the pseudonym Justiniano Conquian . By chance, a taxidermist (Joaquin Pardav\u00e9) also named. His case is different: it is a millionaire heir heritage potential, but will only be legally recognized if it meets a peculiar condition in the will, having to spend a whole month in the gloomy castle Conquian, competing with other heirs of fortune. Dr. Jimenez is bribed by a cousin of Justinian to send the false Conquian scares Castle into thinking that is the sanatorium.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ucOLE1U2FTRyUYwRBkSxCnVd1CR.jpg", "actors": ["Enrique Herrera (Julio C\u00e9sar Napole\u00f3n)", "Joaqu\u00edn Pardav\u00e9 (Justiniano conqui\u00e1n)", "Gloria Mar\u00edn (Josefina Larios)", "Antonio R. Frausto (Serafin del Monte)", "Alberto Mart\u00ed (Dr. Germ\u00e1n Casca)", "Natalia Ortiz (Augusta)", "Eduardo Arozamena (Severo - Cedronio Conqui\u00e1n)", "Adela Jaloma (Lucrecia)", "Francisco Jambrina (Arturo \u00cd\u00f1igo)", "Alberto Gal\u00e1n (Dr. Luis Jim\u00e9nez)", "Wilfrido Moreno (Jos\u00e9 Ram\u00edrez)", "Roberto Banquells (Anselmo Cordero)", "Victoria Argota (Etelvina)", "Elvira Gosti (Clarita)", "Humberto Rodr\u00edguez (Policia)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}