{"tmdb_id": 155084, "title": "13 Sins", "original_title": "13 Sins", "slug_title": "13-sins", "date": "2014-04-18", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un homme d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 qui croule sous les dettes est sur le point d'\u00e9pouser la femme de sa vie. C'est alors qu'il re\u00e7oit un myst\u00e9rieux coup de t\u00e9l\u00e9phone lui annon\u00e7ant qu'il est film\u00e9 par des cam\u00e9ras cach\u00e9es et qu'il doit accomplir 13 t\u00e2ches pour recevoir une r\u00e9compense de 5 millions de dollars. Les t\u00e2ches \u00e0 accomplir deviennent de plus en plus extr\u00eames...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uYPy89cVgvE1ic0bN39YJrumxwo.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Webber (Elliot)", "Devon Graye (Michael)", "Rutina Wesley (Shelby)", "Ron Perlman (Det. Chilcoat)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Vogler)", "Christopher Berry (Detective Vance)", "Tom Bower (Father)", "Clyde Jones (Gerry)", "Deneen Tyler (Joyce)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Apartment Manager)", "Sabrina Gennarino (Mother)", "John McConnell (Detective)", "Judd Lormand (Diner Cop)", "Lance E. Nichols (Police Captain)", "Danny Cosmo (Mr. Shaw)", "Tom Lawson Jr. (Prof. Edgar Solomon)", "Brylee Kate Woodard (Little Girl)", "Robert Larriviere (Sketch Artist)", "Stephanie Honor\u00e9 (Junkie Girl)", "Jenn Foreman (Waitress)", "Brittney Alger (Nurse)", "Angela Jones (Aunt Jessica)", "Sharon Smith (Hostess)", "Greg Pearson (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The quick money does not come from easy way!**\r\n\r\nIt is a remake of the Thai film '13 Beloved'. Not seen the original film, but this is a very familiar theme. Some good films were already made out of it and this one is slightly different. It is about a man who is expecting a baby with his girlfriend who he is going marry very soon. But he gets fired from his job and clueless about raising a child and maintain the family. Then a strange phone call gives him a series of challenges to win with a greater reward. It all begins with a small easy task and then begin to complicate when he can't back off as per the rules he has agreed. Now how far he goes to finish it off what he had started was told in the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nSince this is not a fresh idea for a film, I expected the story to be very good, but a little disappointed. At least it opened well and overall first half was much better. Later the film did not stand up to what it was promised in the earlier. But kind of unpredictable way it was developed. Seeing how the film was received, those who liked the original version did not like this one. That happens all the time as expected. Even though if you haven't seen the Thai film, the chances are slim one to enjoy it, especially if you have seen and liked the films like '12 Rounds', 'The Game', including the recent 'Nerve'. Not bad for watching at once, but instead I would suggest other similar title if you ask me.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [101669, 215830, 16342, 276488], "youtube_key": "vTNtyJIKTXk"}