{"tmdb_id": 155391, "title": "Love Me", "original_title": "Love Me", "slug_title": "love-me", "date": "2012-01-01", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Sixteen-year-old Melissa Kennedy's been missing for almost 3 months now and the Town of Ridgedale is coming unhinged. The projectionist at the old revival movie house, Sylvia Potter (16) wants so badly to be in love. Just like in the movies. But can any guy live up to her ideal leading man? Even her best friend Harry's unrequited love for her (since fifth grade) has never been reciprocated. When sexy, quiet, rich kid, Lucas Green transfers to Hampton Prep the sparks fly. Lucas and Sylvia's initial animosity quickly becomes a heated romance - despite the warnings of almost every friend in her circle. But what seems like a love story straight out of the movies hits a major plot twist when the police begin an investigation into Lucas' involvement in the Melissa Kennedy case. What really happened to Melissa Kennedy and how long can Lucas and Sylvia's relationship last in the face of a mystery that threatens to change the lives of these teenagers forever? Written by AC  (IMDb.com)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kF6cxMmnZnZqhBrUDkxEtIXKY3z.jpg", "actors": ["Jean-Luc Bilodeau (Harry Townsend)", "Jerritt Boyce (Brian)", "Shawna Lori Burnett (Mrs. Kennedy)", "Nicholas Cleary (Mr. Tucker)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [363890, 191094, 14789, 346079], "youtube_key": "Zcwn2956LUo"}