{"tmdb_id": 155756, "title": "The Hardys Ride High", "original_title": "The Hardys Ride High", "slug_title": "the-hardys-ride-high", "date": "1939-04-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Sixth of the Judge Hardy series. Judge James K. Hardy is brought the fabulous news from attorney George Irving, that he could be the heir to 2 million dollars. In order to claim the inheritance, he and his family must leave for Detroit. The disinherited heir Philip 'Phil' Westcott, adopted son of the deceased relative, has to leave the fabulous mansion Detroit. But the playboy Phil ain't going down without a fight. He decides on a charm offensive. First with Polly Benedict and foremost Andrew 'Andy' Hardy, the son of Judge Hardy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2Rkvj4Iopgw082KzMqkhu0I6O5V.jpg", "actors": ["Lewis Stone (Judge James K. Hardy)", "Mickey Rooney (Andrew 'Andy' Hardy)", "Cecilia Parker (Marian Hardy)", "Fay Holden (Mrs. Emily Hardy)", "Ann Rutherford (Polly Benedict)", "Sara Haden (Mildred 'Aunt Milly' Forrest)", "Virginia Grey (Consuela MacNish)", "Minor Watson (Mr. Terry B. Archer)", "John 'Dusty' King (Philip 'Phil' Westcott)", "John T. Murray (Don Davis, the Druggist)", "Halliwell Hobbes (Dobbs, the Butler)", "George Irving (Mr. Jonas Bronell)", "Aileen Pringle (Miss Booth, Dress Saleslady)", "Marsha Hunt (Susan Bowen)", "Donald Briggs (Caleb Bowen)", "William T. Orr (Dick Bannersly)", "Truman Bradley (Clerk)", "Erville Alderson (Bailiff)", "Frances MacInerney (Sylvia, Hatcheck Girl)", "Ann Morriss (Rosamund)", "Alexander Pollard (Headwaiter)", "William Tannen (Hotel Desk Clerk)", "Phil Tead (Taxi Driver)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "JrZK7gtNUuM"}