{"tmdb_id": 155, "title": "The Dark Knight : Le Chevalier noir", "original_title": "The Dark Knight", "slug_title": "the-dark-knight-le-chevalier-noir", "date": "2008-07-16", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "8.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans ce nouveau volet, Batman augmente les mises dans sa guerre contre le crime. Avec l'appui du lieutenant de police Jim Gordon et du procureur de Gotham, Harvey Dent, Batman vise \u00e0 \u00e9radiquer le crime organis\u00e9 qui pullule dans la ville. Leur association est tr\u00e8s efficace mais elle sera bient\u00f4t boulevers\u00e9e par le chaos d\u00e9clench\u00e9 par un criminel extraordinaire que les citoyens de Gotham connaissent sous le nom de Joker.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1hRoyzDtpgMU7Dz4JF22RANzQO7.jpg", "actors": ["Christian Bale (Bruce Wayne / Batman)", "Michael Caine (Alfred Pennyworth)", "Heath Ledger (Joker)", "Gary Oldman (James Gordon)", "Aaron Eckhart (Harvey Dent / Two-Face)", "Maggie Gyllenhaal (Rachel Dawes)", "Morgan Freeman (Lucius Fox)", "Monique Gabriela Curnen (Anna Ramirez)", "Ron Dean (Michael Wuertz)", "Nestor Carbonell (Mayor Anthony Garcia)", "Chin Han (Lau)", "Eric Roberts (Sal Maroni)", "Ritchie Coster (Chechen)", "Anthony Michael Hall (Mike Engel)", "Keith Szarabajka (Gerard Stephens)", "Joshua Harto (Coleman Reese)", "Melinda McGraw (Barbara Gordon)", "Nathan Gamble (James Gordon Jr.)", "Michael Jai White (Gambol)", "Colin McFarlane (Gillian B. Loeb)", "Nydia Rodriguez Terracina (Judge Janet Surrillo)", "Tom Lister Jr. (Tattooed Prisoner)", "William Fichtner (Bank Manager)", "Cillian Murphy (Jonathan Crane / Scarecrow)", "Patrick Leahy (Gentleman at Party)", "Matt Skiba (Man Trying to Reach Coleman Reese (uncredited))", "David Dastmalchian (Thomas Schiff)", "Michael Vieau (Rossi)", "Michael Stoyanov (Dopey)", "William Smillie (Happy)", "Danny Goldring (Grumpy)", "Matthew O'Neill (Chuckles)", "Olumiji Olawumi (Drug Dealer)", "Greg Beam (Drug Buyer)", "Erik Hellman (Junkie)", "Beatrice Rosen (Natascha)", "Vincenzo Nicoli (Crime Boss)", "Edison Chen (LSI VP)", "Andy Luther (Brian)", "James Farruggio (Man No. 1)", "Tom McElroy (Man No. 2)", "Will Zahrn (Assistant DA)", "James Fierro (Thug at Party)", "Sam Derence (Male Guest)", "Jennifer Knox (Female Guest)", "Patrick Clear (Judge Freel)", "Sarah Jayne Dunn (Maroni's Mistress)", "Charles Venn (Gambol's Bodyguard (as Chucky Venn))", "Winston G. Ellis (Gambol's Bodyguard (as Winston Ellis))", "Sophia Hinshelwood (Reporter)", "Keith Kupferer (Heckler)", "Joseph Luis Caballero (Cop Heckler)", "Richard Dillane (Acting Commissioner)", "Daryl Satcher (Officer at Intersection)", "Chris Petschler (Convoy Leader)", "Aidan Feore (Fat Thug)", "Philip Bulcock (Murphy)", "Paul Birchard (Cop with Fat Thug)", "Walter Lewis (Medic)", "Vincent Riotta (Cop at 250 52nd St.)", "Nancy Crane (Nurse)", "K. Todd Freeman (Polk)", "Matt Shallenberger (Berg)", "Michael Andrew Gorman (Cop at Hospital)", "Lanny Lutz (Bartender)", "Peter DeFaria (Civilian)", "Matt Rippy (First Mate)", "Andrew Bicknell (Prison Ferry Pilot)", "Ariyon Bakare (Guard Commander)", "Doug Ballard (Businessman)", "Helene Wilson (Mother)", "Tommy Campbell (Passenger)", "Craig Heaney (Passenger)", "Lorna Gayle (Passenger)", "Lisa McAllister (Passenger)", "Peter Brooke (Passenger)", "Joshua Rollins (SWAT Sniper)", "Dale Rivera (SWAT Leader)", "Matthew Leitch (Prisoner on Ferry)", "Thomas Gaitsch (Reporter #3)", "William Armstrong (Evans)", "Adam Kalesperis (Honor Guard Man)", "Tristan Tait (Uniform Cop)", "Bronson Webb (Bounty Hunter)", "David Ajala (Bounty Hunter)", "Gertrude Kyles (Fox's Secretary)", "Jonathan Ryland (Passenger Ferry Pilot)", "James Scales (Guardsman)", "Nigel Carrington (Warden)", "Ian Pirie (Corrections Officer)", "Lateef Lovejoy (Prisoner)", "Grahame Edwards (Prisoner)", "Roger Monk (Prisoner)", "Ronan Summers (Prisoner)", "Wai Wong (Hong Kong Detective)", "Michael Corey Foster (Honor Guard Leader)", "Hannah Gunn (Gordon's Daughter)", "Brandon Lambdin (Armored Car SWAT)", "Jon Lee Brody (Waiter (uncredited))", "Debbi Burns (Bank Patron (uncredited))", "Maritza Cabrera (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Shirin Caiola (Party Guest with Glass (uncredited))", "Laura Chernicky (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Henry Milton Chu (Lau Henchman (uncredited))", "Kelli Clevenger (Paramedic (uncredited))", "Richard Divizio (Chechen Gangster (uncredited))", "Tony Domino (Press Conference Heckler (uncredited))", "David Fultz (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Natalie Hallam (Ferry Passenger (uncredited))", "Jordon Hodges (Police Officer (uncredited))", "Erron Jay (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Daniel Jefferson (Immigrant Ferry Passenger (uncredited))", "Nicky Katt (Shotgun SWAT (uncredited))", "Thomas Kosik (Parade Police Officer (uncredited))", "Don Kress (Maroni's Henchman (uncredited))", "Tim Krueger (Assistant D.A. (uncredited))", "Dan Latham (Police Sgt. Spellman / Gotham Bomb Squad (uncredited))", "Tom McComas (Helicopter SWAT Sniper (uncredited))", "James Mellor (Ferry Passenger (uncredited))", "Joseph Oliveira (Officer (uncredited))", "Buster Reeves (Joker's Thug #2 (uncredited))", "Peter Rnic (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Amit Shah (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Michelle Shields (Angry Hospital Relative (uncredited))", "Sofiya Smirnova (Evacuee (uncredited))", "Bruce Spielbauer (High-Ranking Police Official (uncredited))", "Robert Patrick Stern (Extra (uncredited))", "Robert Stone (Dept. of Corrections Resident (uncredited))", "Richard Strobel (Detective (uncredited))", "Tom Townsend (Police Officer (uncredited))", "John Turk (Chechen's Bodyguard (uncredited))", "John Warman (Detective (uncredited))", "Erik A. Williams (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Chris Wilson (Major Crime Unit Detective (uncredited))", "Kevin Zaideman (Party Staff (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tricksy", "content": "Excellent movie. Best of the trilogy. Lovely music. Nolan is a genius. So is Heath Ledger."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This has no competition. It is the very finest comic-book character movie ever made. Knowing the Burton, Donner and Nolan filmic adaptations of Batman and Superman exist helps me to sleep at night. They are Exhibit A of 'How to Make a Comic-Book Movie'. Nothing else has ever come even remotely close. These seven films (I include 'Superman II' because it was mostly Donner's work)--and Nolan's trilogy especially--are what I imagine a great director like Kubrick, Hitchcock or Kurosawa would have come up with, if they had ever been asked to make a Superman or Batman movie. They are the easiest for an audience to identify with because in these the scripts most approximate human emotions and the typical conundrums of the human experience--in short, are the closest, in a good way, they come to the complexities of the human condition. Peerless."}, {"pseudo": "erickprieto", "content": "Perhaps the best Batman movie of all times. I think that this Batman trilogy presents the well-known superhero history in an unexpected way with the capable to maintain on the edge of the chair all time.\r\n**Heath Ledger** present an excellent impersonification of a psychopath.\r\nAll support roles are magnificent.\r\nAnd Bruce Wayne role played by Christian Bale, shows a human being behind of the mask."}, {"pseudo": "moubledian", "content": "I used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel \"Star Wars\" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for \"Dark Knight\".\r\n\r\nThough my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, \"Dark Knight\" ably stands on its own with or without \"Batman Begins\". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.\r\n\r\nChristian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.\r\n\r\nCountering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?\r\n\r\nInitially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the \"Batman\" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in \"Batman Forever\", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.\r\n\r\nBe it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside.\r\n\r\n\"The Dark Knight\" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars.\r\n\r\nI used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel \"Star Wars\" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for \"Dark Knight\".\r\n\r\nThough my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, \"Dark Knight\" ably stands on its own with or without \"Batman Begins\". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.\r\n\r\nChristian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.\r\n\r\nCountering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?\r\n\r\nInitially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the \"Batman\" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in \"Batman Forever\", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.\r\n\r\nBe it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside.\r\n\r\n\"The Dark Knight\" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars.\r\n\r\nI used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel \"Star Wars\" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for \"Dark Knight\".\r\n\r\nThough my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, \"Dark Knight\" ably stands on its own with or without \"Batman Begins\". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.\r\n\r\nChristian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.\r\n\r\nCountering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?\r\n\r\nInitially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the \"Batman\" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in \"Batman Forever\", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.\r\n\r\nBe it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside.\r\n\r\n\"The Dark Knight\" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars."}], "recommandations_id": [49026, 272, 122, 120], "youtube_key": "kmJLuwP3MbY"}