{"tmdb_id": 156080, "title": "The Proud and Damned", "original_title": "The Proud and Damned", "slug_title": "the-proud-and-damned", "date": "1972-07-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z8Li8ct1PsjvZv0hElunG6Dsttp.jpg", "actors": ["Chuck Connors (Will Hansen)", "Aron Kincaid (Ike)", "Cesar Romero (San Carlos' Mayor)", "Jos\u00e9 Greco (Ramon)", "Smokey Roberds (Jeb)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Cheese Grater.\r\n\r\nThe Proud and Damned is written and directed by Ferde Grofe Jr. It stars Chuck Connors, Cesar Romero and Andres Marquis. Music is by Gene Kauer and Douglas M. Lackey, and cinematography by Remegio Young.\r\n\r\n1870 and five ex Confederate mercs arrive in South America and become embroiled in another Civil War of sorts...\r\n\r\nPretty poor offering, a pic that was completed in 1969 but wasn't released until three years later, one can only think that after viewing it, some financial backer saw it for the dud it is and refused release! The plot principal is sound, the fact it's a Western filmed in Columbia and set in South America (the place unnamed) is an interesting point of note, plus Connors and Romero at least have fans from which to launch potential for cult fandom. But hopes of a good film are dashed quite early.\r\n\r\nIs being boring a valid criticism? Well yes it is, and this is a snore bore. The cast turn in auto-cue acting, all of them saddled with direlogue, the editing is messy, and the musical score irritating as it fluctuates between sorrowful guitar to bandido marching music, with some flamenco type jolly that's out of place as well, and what little action there is is laughably constructed. A bold turn of events in the narrative is worth a point at least, as is the outcome of it all - though it doesn't really make grounded sense - but ultimately this is one that deserves to stay obscure. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}