{"tmdb_id": 156022, "title": "Equalizer", "original_title": "The Equalizer", "slug_title": "equalizer", "date": "2014-09-24", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Crime"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "McCall, un homme qui pense avoir rang\u00e9 son pass\u00e9 myst\u00e9rieux derri\u00e8re lui, se consacre \u00e0 sa nouvelle vie tranquille. Au moment o\u00f9 il rencontre Teri, une jeune fille sous le contr\u00f4le de gangsters russes violents, il d\u00e9cide d'agir. McCall sort ainsi de sa retraite et voit son d\u00e9sir de justice r\u00e9veill\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2eQfjqlvPAxd9aLDs8DvsKLnfed.jpg", "actors": ["Denzel Washington (Robert McCall)", "Marton Csokas (Teddy)", "Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Teri)", "David Harbour (Masters)", "Haley Bennett (Mandy)", "Bill Pullman (Brian Plummer)", "Melissa Leo (Susan Plummer)", "David Meunier (Slavi)", "Johnny Skourtis (Ralphie)", "Alex Veadov (Tevi)", "Vladimir Kulich (Vladimir Pushkin)", "E. Roger Mitchell (Lead Investigator)", "James Wilcox (Pederson)", "Anastasia Sanidopoulos Mousis (Jenny)", "Allen Maldonado (Marcus)", "Matt Lasky (Marat)", "Vitaliy Shtabnoy (Andri)", "Timothy John Smith (Detective Gilly)", "Robert Wahlberg (Detective Harris)", "Rhet Kidd (Jay)", "Shawn Fitzgibbon (Little John Looney)", "Owen Burke (Thief)", "John Romualdi (Agent Mosley)", "Johnny Messner (P&E Worker)", "William Xifaras (Laborer)", "Peter Haydu (Bank Officer)", "Tait Fletcher (Teddy's Guy)", "Mark Stefanich (Teddy's Guy)", "Dan Bilzerian (Teddy's Guy)", "Matt Leonard (Teddy's Guy)", "Sala Baker (Teddy's Guy)", "Yan Dron (Teddy's Guy)", "Mike O'Dea (Remar)", "Andrew Farazi (Gangster)", "Patrick Coppola (Homeowner)", "Mike Morrell (HM Brian)", "Luz Mery Sanchez (Ralphie's Mom)", "Jenny Johnson (Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "mspanther", "content": "Watched the movie last night, kept me interested although somewhat predictable plot.  Big bad guy, quiet good guy, helpless victims, bad guy gets his.  Overall I did like the movie, but then again I like anything Denzel is in."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "For me this was a very entertaining vigilante flick. Denzel Washington is excellent in his role as a cold and calculating yet compassionate vigilante. The movie is slower than a lot of movies in this genre but that does not make it boring and when the action starts it is measured (for a movie in this genre) and well done.\r\n\r\nAlthough there is a red thread, started by McCall\u2019s first act of vigilantism, running through the movie he also performs a few on the side jobs as well during the movie. I like the vigilante stuff so for me this was some nice fillers to round off the movie.\r\n\r\nThe main thread pitches McCall against a real psychopathic Russian enforcer. No one can say that this movie did not have a well done bad guy. The role is quite well played. The guy is creepy to say the least. Not to mention violent of course but then so is McCall when the time is right.\r\n\r\nOne thing I liked with this movie is that McCall it is not one of the usual run around, look dangerous and clobber the bad guys in periodic outbursts of violence stereotypes. McCall is always calm, calculating, behaving intelligently and the baddies almost never realizes the mistake they just did until it is quite a bit too late.\r\n\r\nSure, the capacity of McCall to clobber the bad guys, usually without getting hurt himself, is bordering on superhuman but what the heck, it is fiction after all. Totally realistic movies are rarely fun, at least not movies of this genre. Also, the end fight where the baddies are more or less running around aimlessly and get taken out could have been better. Especially since the Russian mobster had shown quite a bit of intelligence up until that point. Having said that, I did like that it did not degenerate into the usual 20 minute shoot anything that moves nonsense. McCall is continuing his cold and calculating rampage through the unfortunate individuals on the wrong side and the various ways of disposing of them are rather creative.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I found this to be a rather entertaining movie. In one sense it is the usual vigilante stuff, which I happen to like, but in one sense it is not your normal run of the mill vigilante movie thanks to Denzel Washington\u2019s cold, calculating and intelligent portrayal of McCall."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Expected pretty good, got very good. Can't call _The Equaliser_ a perfect movie, but I love me a mixed bag of content like this.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [169917, 260346, 136400, 241554], "youtube_key": "qNggvk8QtaY"}