{"tmdb_id": 156708, "title": "Afternoon Delight", "original_title": "Afternoon Delight", "slug_title": "afternoon-delight", "date": "2013-08-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Mari\u00e9e et sans emploi, Rachel d\u00e9cide de prendre sous son aile une jeune strip-teaseuse, McKenna.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xdOKahB0LOWdQS2OZqyVeO4lPHC.jpg", "actors": ["Kathryn Hahn (Rachel)", "Juno Temple (McKenna)", "Josh Radnor (Jeff)", "Jane Lynch (Lenore)", "Annie Mumolo (Amanda)", "Jessica St. Clair (Stephanie)", "John Kapelos (Jack)", "Michaela Watkins (Jennie)", "Suzy Nakamura (Meredith)", "Keegan-Michael Key (Bo)", "Brooksley Bishop (School Child Mom (uncredited))", "Eugene Cordero ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Everybody can't be a Captain Save-a-Ho!**\r\n\r\nSometimes small films are good enough to highlight the good and bads of society. But the thing is they won't to everybody. This is not a message film, but about doing good. Self is important, but still you can care for other than yourself. It was about an average modern day couple. They come across a young woman working in a strip club and try to support her to give up it to live a normal life like them. They know the risk of letting her in, so what comes later is a trouble that affects the family and friendship.\r\n\r\nYou won't believe that it was one of the Tarantino's top ten films of the year 2013. I find it not bad as well. But surely it should have been better. Feature film directional debut for the writer and producer. From the woman filmmaker, women oriented film drama. Fun to watch, yet a very serious thematic. From the cast side, both, Kathryn Hahn and Juno Temple were good. Surely a delightful film if you are not anticipating a big from it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 2013 and written & directed by Jill Soloway, \u201cAfternoon Delight\u201d chronicles events when a bored stay-at-home mom in Los Angeles (Kathryn Hahn) becomes intrigued by a beautiful \u2018sex worker\u2019 (Juno Temple) at a strip club. Surprisingly, she brings her home to live in the extra room and even enlists her as a nanny, which has repercussions. Josh Radnor plays the husband and Jane Lynch the wife\u2019s therapist.  \r\n\r\nThis contains some hard R-rated sex-oriented scenes so I encourage you to pass if you find that unsavory. To be honest, I was only interested in \u201cAfternoon Delight\u201d because of the winsome, stunning Juno. This isn\u2019t a quirky comedy, but rather a serious drama with amusing touches. The occasional crudeness and overt raciness tempted me to tune out a few times, but I kept watching in the hope that the film had something good to get across; thankfully, it did (see below for details).                 \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hours & 38 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-\r\n\r\nEXPLANATION (***SPOILER ALERT*** Don\u2019t read further if you haven\u2019t seen the film):\r\n\r\nMcKenna (Juno) is a siren, the daughter of a witch. She openly suggests that she\u2019s a witch as well. Using her charms, she puts a \u2018spell\u2019 on Rachel (Hahn) at the strip club and so the mesmerized Rachel eventually tracks her down and brings her home. While Rachel sincerely intends on being a positive influence on McKenna and help her get out of the dubious sex business, McKenna intends on luring Rachel into her sleazy lifestyle. McKenna explains to Rachel why she has no qualms about what she does and even justifies it. Rachel is intrigued until she sees McKenna\u2019s sordid work up close and rejects it because she discerns that McKenna is unrepentant about her vocation. \r\n\r\nRachel immediately puts the kibosh on McKenna babysitting her friends\u2019 girls because she\u2019s clearly a bad role model, but the mother has yet to figure out a way to get the prostitute out of the house without making too many waves. That\u2019s when the wives go out on the town while the husbands stay home to party with tantalizing McKenna lurking nearby. Needless to say, it\u2019s a recipe for disaster and provides a way for McKenna to stick it to Rachel and her \u2018judgmental\u2019 friends.\r\n\r\nThe negative fallout provokes Jeff (Radnor) to confront Rachel on how she could be so stupid to bring an unabashed whore into their abode. He didn\u2019t comprehend Rachel\u2019s reasoning: Did she want him to sleep with McKenna? Did SHE want to sleep with her? Jeff failed to grasp that Rachel was under McKenna\u2019s \u201cspell\u201d and inadvertently doing her bidding. \r\n\r\nFortunately, Rachel, realizes her error (\u201cwaking up\u201d from McKenna\u2019s enchantment) and seeks reconciliation with her husband, now fully appreciating her family."}], "recommandations_id": [242083, 70695, 105531, 56607], "youtube_key": "0XYvY3L1nug"}