{"tmdb_id": 156904, "title": "Always In My Dreams", "original_title": "Altyd in my Drome", "slug_title": "always-in-my-dreams", "date": "1952-03-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "This engaging Afrikaans comedy/romance is about the power of love and music to transport and inspire, and to make dreams come true \u2013 sometimes. Fanie (Frederik Burgers), a struggling producer/composer, needs to write a winning song to keep his agent happy and his company in work, but, alas, he\u2019s lacking inspiration. Until, that is, his musical partner Ben (Al Debbo) starts dreaming \u2013 and singing in  his sleep \u2013 about a beautiful girl, all in operetta style. Seizing this Cupid-sent gift, Fanie secretly tapes Ben\u2019s songs. The delighted agent pushes for more songs to produce a full-scale musical, which means Fanie has to keep Ben dreaming, and stay awake to tape the songs. All goes well until Ben suddenly stops dreaming. Fanie\u2019s attempts to restart the flow of inspiration fail until Cupid\u2019s arrow comes to the rescue again \u2013 only this time, it is Fanie who falls in love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gRw0qEydgkxWZhcPNnhDz3c4XBF.jpg", "actors": ["Al Debbo (Ebenhaeser Els (Ben))", "Frederik Burgers (Fanie Lotz)", "Pierre de Wet (Mr. Marais)", "Hanlie van Niekerk (Rita Botha)", "Hendrik Susan (Himself)", "Ben Havenga (The Sandman)", "Wanda Lemmer ()", "Bettie Groenewald ()", "Dulcie van der Merwe ()", "Desmond Willson ()", "Vincent Hesse ()", "Pieter Hauptfleisch (Mr. Botha)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}