{"tmdb_id": 15698, "title": "Deux flics \u00e0 Chicago", "original_title": "Running Scared", "slug_title": "deux-flics-a-chicago", "date": "1986-06-27", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Danny et Ray, un tandem de policiers non conformistes, l'un Blanc et l'autre Noir, sont forc\u00e9s par leur chef \u00e0 prendre des vacances apr\u00e8s avoir manqu\u00e9 de se faire tuer par Julio, un trafficant de drogue. Ils doivent donc quitter Chicago pour la Floride o\u00f9 ils ont d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de prendre leur retraite et d'ouvrir un bar. Mais lorsqu'ils apprennent que Julio est sur un gros coup, ils d\u00e9cident de r\u00e9gler cette affaire avant de partir en retraite paradisiaque. Mais les choses commencent mal pour le tandem de choc: ils perdent leur voiture de police, leur suspect et leurs pantalons!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2LoovCuL3mP7deokeMlqtZRMq1v.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Hines (Ray Hughes)", "Billy Crystal (Danny Costanzo)", "Steven Bauer (Det. Frank Sigliano)", "Darlanne Fluegel (Anna Costanzo)", "Joe Pantoliano (Snake)", "Dan Hedaya (Captain Logan)", "Jon Gries (Det. Tony Montoya)", "Tracy Reed (Maryann)", "Jimmy Smits (Julio Gonzales)", "John DiSanti (Vinnie)", "Larry Hankin (Ace)", "Don Calfa (Women's Room Lawyer)", "Robert Lesser (Supoena Lawyer)", "Betty Carvalho (Apartment Manager)", "Louis Perez (Thug)", "Al Leong ()", "Meg Register (Julie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Show me another career they let you shoot people.\r\n\r\nRunning Scared is directed by Peter Hyams (also on cinematography duties) and written by Gary DeVore, Gary DeVore and Jimmy Huston. It stars Billy Crystal, Gregory Hines, Steven Bauer, Darlanne Fluegel, Joe Pantoliano, Dan Hedaya, Jon Gries, Tracy Reed and Jimmy Smits. Music is by Rod Temperton.\r\n\r\nThe buddy buddy action/comedy cop formula has proved to be a most viable filmic commodity over the years. It gathered apace in the 1980s and right at the forefront is this often forgotten fun little treasure.\r\n\r\nPlot has Hines and Crystal as Chicago cops, tough and full of wise cracks, they are tasked with trying to bring down high profile drug dealer Julio Gonzales (Smits). The timing is unfortunate because after a holiday in Key West the boys decide they have had enough of police work and want to retire there. Can they bring down Julio Gonzales? Can they stay alive in the process? Questions to be answered in an entertaining hour and forty five minutes.\r\n\r\nThe chemistry between Hines and Crystal is set in stone, they are a great pairing and very quickly you warm to them. As per genre requirements some of their character's methods are unconventional. the gags are thick and fast, and crucially very funny - while the support slots are nicely filled (Pantoliano a joy).\r\n\r\nIn the mix as the two cops ponder retirement is the looming presence of two younger cops ready to step into their shoes, which of course makes for sparky rivalry. There's the emotional beat of \"the ex-wife\" as a critical plot development, though amazingly Fluegel is under written and hardly in the piece! And Smits never fully convinces as the chief villain, but he also is weirdly under written. \r\n\r\nBasically if you have a kink for this type of genre piece, especially ones produced in the 80s - and to have an understanding of that decades style of film making - then there's a good time to be had here. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16806, 10859, 30069, 10117], "youtube_key": "INwvXCwLJ8s"}