{"tmdb_id": 157072, "title": "Sep", "original_title": "S\u0119p", "slug_title": "sep", "date": "2013-01-11", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Imagine that you have the power to decide on people's lives. Who would you condemned, and whom he saved? In the center of Europe suddenly, without a trace, people begin to disappear. The investigation goes into the hands of Vulture (Michal Zebrowski) - a police officer who appears to be devoid of feelings. Tough, incorruptible, no obligations and favors to others. Until he meets Natasha (Anna Przybylska) - a woman other than those that he met so far. Vulture begins a dangerous game with the enemy ahead of him is still a step. Discovers a world in which people are leading a double life. For the first time, logical thinking will drive him into a trap with no way out. Suddenly, the hunter turned into animals. Balancing on the border between passion and reason, the world of logic and clever manipulation, you will have to answer the question: is there anything more important than life?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ZmechtbTJaePsscrn7GAdJgz9D.jpg", "actors": ["Michal Zebrowski (Aleksander Wolin \"S\u0119p\")", "Daniel Olbrychski (Bo\u017cek)", "Anna Przybylska (Natasza)", "Pawe\u0142 Ma\u0142aszy\u0144ski (Robaczewski)", "Miros\u0142aw Baka (Rajski)", "Andrzej Grabowski (Raczek)", "Piotr Fronczewski (Krasucki)", "Andrzej Seweryn (Reatorski)", "Anna Dereszowska (Magda Leman)", "Jolanta Fraszy\u0144ska (S\u0119dzia)", "Przemys\u0142aw Sadowski (G\u0105dek)", "Piotr G\u0105sowski (Malinka)", "Jacek Beler (Walerian Leman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [38373, 129477, 36387, 79247], "youtube_key": "tUpCptnwDOs"}