{"tmdb_id": 15762, "title": "La nuit des sangsues", "original_title": "Night of the Creeps", "slug_title": "la-nuit-des-sangsues", "date": "1986-08-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Loin dans l'univers, une exp\u00e9rience scientifique tourne \u00e0 la catastrophe. Une cr\u00e9ature redoutable s'\u00e9chappe et trouve refuge sur Terre. Elle prend possession d'un jeune homme en s'introduisant dans sa bouche.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3jpPveTEs5ZsQ4k56Ux1xUc6mL5.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Lively (Christopher 'Chris' Romero)", "Steve Marshall (James Carpenter 'J.C.' Hooper)", "Jill Whitlow (Cynthia 'Cindy' Cronenberg)", "Tom Atkins (Det. Ray Cameron)", "Wally Taylor (Detective Landis)", "Allan Kayser (Brad)", "Bruce Solomon (Sgt. Raimi)", "Vic Polizos (Coroner)", "Dick Miller (Walt)", "Ken Heron (Johnny)", "Alice Cadogan (Pam)", "June Harris (Karen)", "David Paymer (Young Scientist)", "David Oliver (Steve)", "Evelyne Smith (House Mother)", "Leslie Ryan (Sorority Girl with Hairbrush)", "Suzanne Snyder (Lisa)", "Elizabeth Cox (Kathy)", "John J. York (Todd)", "Robert Kerman (Patrolman with Searchlight)", "Earl Ellis (Beta Zombie)", "Robert Kurtzman (Beta Zombie)", "Howard Berger (Beta Zombie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What is this? A homicide, or a bad B-movie?\r\n\r\nNot exactly what you would call an unknown horror comedy, but there is the distinct feeling that it should be better known. As its cult fan base will attest, this is blast of a movie, a homage to the \"B\" schlockers of lore. Directed by Fred Dekker, the premise sees some alien beings eject a flask of alien slugs down to earth, which lands at a fraternity campus, something which cause mayhem some years later when a frozen body is disturbed at the medical lab and the slugs are unleashed. Cue infestation that turns people into zombies!\r\n\r\nThe pic plays up to the clich\u00e9s of fraternity based movies, with nerds and nudity on tap, all smothered in a gooey horror comedy sauce. One-liners are ripe, the characterisations also, the latter of which fronted by a glorious Tom Atkins as a hard drinking hard - boiled detective with issues and quips ready to be poured out. It's not genius film making, but given the low budget it deserves its cult status, because it never pauses for breath and it's very aware of what it wants to be - and crucially who its target audience is. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [14510, 24929, 28260, 10925]}