{"tmdb_id": 157851, "title": "Maps to the Stars", "original_title": "Maps to the Stars", "slug_title": "maps-to-the-stars", "date": "2014-05-21", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A Hollywood, la ville des r\u00eaves, se t\u00e9lescopent les \u00e9toiles : Benjie, 13 ans et d\u00e9j\u00e0 star; son p\u00e8re, Sanford Weiss, auteur \u00e0 succ\u00e8s et coach des c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9s; sa cliente, la belle Havana Segrand, qu\u2019il aide \u00e0 se r\u00e9aliser en tant que femme et actrice. La capitale du Cin\u00e9ma promet aussi le bonheur sur pellicule et papier glac\u00e9 \u00e0 ceux qui tentent de rejoindre les \u00e9toiles: Agatha, une jeune fille devenue, \u00e0 peine d\u00e9barqu\u00e9e, l\u2019assistante d\u2019Havana et le s\u00e9duisant chauffeur de limousine avec lequel elle se lie, Jerome Fontana, qui aspire \u00e0 la c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9. Mais alors, pourquoi dit-on qu\u2019Hollywood est la ville des vices et des n\u00e9vroses, des incestes et des jalousies ? La ville des r\u00eaves fait revivre les fant\u00f4mes et promet surtout le d\u00e9chainement des pulsions et l\u2019odeur du sang.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/udqw5vrkzEppgp5xPNkNMyjNu8h.jpg", "actors": ["Julianne Moore (Havana Segrand)", "Mia Wasikowska (Agatha Weiss)", "John Cusack (Dr. Stafford Weiss)", "Evan Bird (Benjie Weiss)", "Robert Pattinson (Jerome Fontana)", "Olivia Williams (Cristina Weiss)", "Sarah Gadon (Clarice Taggart)", "Kiara Glasco (Cammy)", "Dawn Greenhalgh (Genie)", "Jonathan Watton (Sterl Carruth)", "Carrie Fisher (Herself)", "Jennifer Gibson (Starla Gent)", "Gord Rand (Damien Javitz)", "Justin Kelly (Rhett)", "Niamh Wilson (Sam)", "Clara Pasieka (Gretchen Voss)", "Emilia McCarthy (Kayla)", "Allegra Fulton (Harriet)", "Domenic Ricci (Micah)", "Jayne Heitmeyer (Azita Wachtel)", "Sean Robertson (Roy)", "Ari Cohen (Jeb)", "Joe Pingue (Arnold)", "Christian Lloyd (Stu)", "Donald Burda (Hank)", "Amanda Brugel (Star! Channel Interviewer)", "Alden Adair (2nd AD (Blue Matrix))", "David Amito (PA (Blue Matrix))", "Dan Lett (Talkshow Host)", "Sandra Battaglini (Havana's Housekeeper)", "Joanne Reece (Nurse)", "Chris Anton (Rusty)", "George Kolitsopoulos (Dispatcher)", "Joseph Murray (Young Intern)", "Adrienne Wilson (Wife)", "Murray Furrow (Husband)", "Neil Girvan (Bad Babysitter 2 Director)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Not about the night stars, but the Hollywood's.**\r\n\r\nThe title gives an impression of someone lost in somewhere and trying to find a way back home. I did not know what this film was about. I did not know who stars in it and when it released. But I decided to watch it at the last minute without checking out its synopsis and I ended up satisfied. Not fully pleased, but the refreshing story and its characters interested me.\r\n\r\nThis is an unusual drama that takes place in a district where the Hollywood people are dominated. Our tale opens with a young woman arriving there and soon gets an opportunity to become a famous artist's personal assistant. The film also focuses others tales, so it is a multi layered story. But all of them are somewhere connected; particularly at the end. Revealing everyone's agenda behind their act is what brings the conclusion to the tale.\r\n\r\nNot neatly told story, yet different. I would say futuristic theme. I liked the performances. Robert Pattinson was not in a major role, but the other like Mia Wasikowska, Julianne Moore were good. Revolving around the bunch film celebrities means there's no real ones involved with the real names, just mentioned the names who were not in the film. Hard to predict the story, I was not sure until it revealed itself everything at the end. That part was a quite a shock, not I expected, but that's the real twist. Overall film was decent, slightly it missed to be a great. I feel it is worth a watch if you want something new in the story.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [49014, 246860, 241239, 221902]}