{"tmdb_id": 157843, "title": "Reine du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "Queen of the Desert", "slug_title": "reine-du-desert", "date": "2015-09-03", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Le film est bas\u00e9 sur la vie de Gertrude Bell, voyageuse, auteure, arch\u00e9ologue, exploratrice, cartographe et responsable politique anglaise.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1zCCgF60bEEMPLgFNdcBYousFrw.jpg", "actors": ["Nicole Kidman (Gertrude Bell)", "James Franco (Henry Cadogan)", "Robert Pattinson (Col. T.E. Lawrence)", "Damian Lewis (Charles Doughty-Wylie)", "Jenny Agutter (Florence Bell)", "Holly Earl (Cousin Florence Lascelles)", "Renee Faia ((voice) (uncredited))", "David Calder (Hugh Bell)", "Mark Lewis Jones (Frank Lascelles)", "Assaad Bouab (Sheik)", "Sophie Linfield (Judith Doughtie-Wylie)", "Fehd Benchemsi (Ibrahim)", "Jay Abdo (Fattuh)", "Christina Low (Handmaiden (uncredited))", "Christopher Fulford (Winston Churchill)", "Sarah Crowden (Lady Ascot)", "Michael Jenn (R. Campbell Thompson)", "Beth Goddard (Aunt Lascelles)", "Nick Waring (Sir Mark Sykes)", "William Ellis (Earl of Chester)", "John Wark (Arnold Runcie)", "Richard Goulding (Havenhurst)", "Younes Benzakour (Abdullah)", "Megan Sullivan (Secretary)", "Abdellatif Chaouqi (Lieutenant)", "Mostafa El Houari (Druze Warrior)", "Hamid Najah (Fortune Teller)", "Anas El Baz (Horseman)", "Qualid Mezouar (Dignitary)", "Abderrahmane Baalla (Sheikh Harb)", "Nick N. Raslan (Shop Owner)", "Amadou Salah (Hamad)", "Sam Kanater (Hayil Gate Keeper)", "Nadia Niazi (Fatima)", "Fatima ezzahra El Jaouhari (Turkiyyeh)", "Francis Montary (Reporter)", "Peter Stevenson (The Colonel)", "Ayoub Layoussifi (King Abdullah)", "Younes Bouab (King Faisal)", "Colin Goodwin (The General (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The woman who knew every inch of the middle-east!\r\n\r\nIt is a kind of female version of 'Lawrence of Arabia', the lead actress herself told that. A biographical drama of a British woman who had played an important role in many middle-eastern affairs during the early 1900s. After the tragic death of the man she was madly in love, the young Gertrude Bell decides to travel across the middle-east to write about it and to do some archaeological research and other stuffs. After the decades of travel on all the corners of the region, what she achieved was the film disclosed in an inspiring way.\r\n\r\nI love this director's films and filmmaking style. It is his first time since last 6 years, but not good as I expected. It is a bit of both, documentary and feature film. Awesomely shot, I loved the camera work and actors too did so well. Nicole Kidman was brilliant, might be her best for portraying in a real life character. Yet something was missing from the film. Maybe the film came at the wrong time, should have been made at least 15 years ago. Otherwise, it is an Oscar worthy product.\r\n\r\nThis film is worth watching for the beautiful desert landscapes and obviously for Kidman. The issue with the story is the focus which completely relied on Kidman's role. She was everywhere and leaving blank on the other end. Something like showing what she accomplished was the notion, so in perspective, it could have made a better documentary film. Some people might like it, especially if you're from the middle-east. But don't expect I would recommend it, because I won't. Whatever I said the film was not bad, just a 50-50 kind.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [455847, 254634, 45014, 296162], "youtube_key": "5g2bBX_stcg"}