{"tmdb_id": 157827, "title": "Back Home", "original_title": "Louder Than Bombs", "slug_title": "back-home", "date": "2015-05-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Alors que se pr\u00e9pare une exposition consacr\u00e9e \u00e0 la c\u00e9l\u00e8bre photographe Isabelle Reed trois ans apr\u00e8s sa mort accidentelle, son mari et ses deux fils sont amen\u00e9s \u00e0 se r\u00e9unir dans la maison familiale et \u00e9voquer ensemble les fant\u00f4mes du pass\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rnbs1o9UXScWCP2VqScZqPr4IwN.jpg", "actors": ["Gabriel Byrne (Gene)", "Isabelle Huppert (Isabelle)", "Jesse Eisenberg (Jonah)", "Devin Druid (Conrad)", "Amy Ryan (Hannah Brennan)", "Ruby Jerins (Melanie)", "Megan Ketch (Amy Reed)", "David Strathairn (Richard Weissman)", "Rachel Brosnahan (Erin)", "Russell Posner (Kenneth)", "Maryann Urbano (The Agency Woman)", "Harry M. Ford (Ralph)", "Leslie Lyles (Principal)", "Sean Cullen (Lars Hecht)", "Venus Schultheis (Miriam)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A family in the grief, at a different level.\r\n\r\nA multi-nationally produced film, especially you can call it a European product, but an English language film that takes place in the New York. The story of a husband and two sons of the famed war photographer who recently died in a car crash. So the film is focused to tell how they are going to cope with their loss, especially the little brother who has differences with his father. They all kind of drifted away from each other, but without an alternate they have to come together to go through it.\r\n\r\nThis is not a usual mourning theme, but sometimes I felt they forgot they're in mourning. Because the narration quickly shifts to various topics like the birth of a child, a new affair and trying to impress the girl whom the boy has a crush. So with all this, I completely witnessed a different type of film than what it had said. That's not bad, just a refreshing and with constant moving back and forth in in time to disclose some key events.\r\n\r\nMainly the portrayal splits into three to cover those three family members and each has its own specialty. Something like a film for older people, middle-aged and teens, all the these contents smartly joined together. Apart from the good show from the cast, the director did his best as usual, but this is not up to the par with his other works. For a watch this film definitely would do good. Since it's not a Hollywood, you won't have to worry about American film clich\u00e9s, because it was developed much better and ends better.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [378636, 339079, 333846, 296360], "youtube_key": "4I1l_J9QuVk"}