{"tmdb_id": 157847, "title": "Joe", "original_title": "Joe", "slug_title": "joe", "date": "2014-04-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville du Texas, l\u2019ancien taulard Joe Ransom essaie d\u2019oublier son sombre pass\u00e9 et de vivre une existence tranquille. Il travaille comme b\u00fbcheron la journ\u00e9e, et passe ses soir\u00e9es \u00e0 boire. Jusqu\u2019\u00e0 ce qu\u2019il rencontre Gary, un adolescent de 15 ans qui tente de faire survivre sa famille. En voyant Gary chercher un boulot, Joe trouve un moyen d\u2019expier ses p\u00e9ch\u00e9s et de devenir enfin le h\u00e9ros de quelqu\u2019un. Il devient alors le protecteur de Gary. Les deux empruntent la route de la r\u00e9demption, en qu\u00eate d\u2019une vie meilleure\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bvcLnoffCm67n7pZPVdJ6pluJsi.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Joe Ransom)", "Tye Sheridan (Gary)", "Ronnie Gene Blevins (Willie)", "Sue Rock (Merle)", "Heather Kafka (Lacy)", "Robert Johnson (Cop #1)", "Gary Poulter (Wade)", "Adriene Mishler (Connie)", "Brenda Isaacs Booth (Mother Jones)", "Aaron Spivey-Sorrells (Sammy)", "Dana Freitag (Sue)", "Anna Niemtschk (Dorothy)", "Erin Elizabeth Reed (Cathy)", "Jon Bonzor (Deputy)", "Jonny Mars (Young Deputy)", "Elbert Hill Jr. (Wino)", "Lazaro Solares (Henry)", "Lico Reyes (Blind George)", "Lynette Walden (Charlotte)", "Patrick Arnez (Slim)", "Kevin Kinkade (Brothel Patron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "In what could perhaps be called one of the most electrifying performances of his legendary career, Nicolas Cage stars as Joe Ransom - the dearly beloved, albeit terribly troubled protagonist - in this, one of the most magnificently conducted, excruciatingly emotional, powerfully thought-provoking, and deeply moving films of all-time.\r\n\r\nDespite the fact that the David Gordon Green-directed indie jewel didn't exactly set the world on fire during its box office debut, as a result of the many, many peoples who'd frowned upon it, I would still wager a gorgeous sum that in due time, Joe will be hailed as a motion picture masterpiece ... And as one of the greatest achievements by any given filmmaker in the history of cinema. It's only a matter of time.\r\n\r\nBrought to life from the pages of a gut-wrenching screenplay, Joe is a powerful drama carried by an outstanding cast, and graced with performances nothing short of tour de force.\r\n\r\nExtraordinary filmmaking.\r\n\r\nAs is the case where my book reviews are concerned, each one of my film reviews was set to be written in chronological order. But for this particular work of visual art, I made an exception. This one couldn't wait.\r\n\r\nJoe is a remarkable film with a distinctive score, and a beautiful soundtrack of the Folk genre. Indeed, the cinematic tearjerker is a rare and priceless diamond in its own right.\r\n\r\nFive well earned stars."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 2013 and directed by David Gordon Green, \u201cJoe\u201d chronicles events in the heart of Texas when a goodhearted-but-flawed ex-con, Joe (Nicolas Cage), befriends a 15 year-old poor kid (Tye Sheridan) from a dysfunctional family headed by a hopeless alcoholic (Gary Poulter). Ronnie Gene Blevins plays Joe\u2019s rival while Adriene Mishler plays Joe\u2019s maybe babe. Aj Wilson McPhaul is on hand as the likable police chief.  \r\n \r\nThis is a southern gothic crime drama with a gritty melancholy mood similar to \u201cMud\u201d (2013) and \u201cWinter\u2019s Bone\u201d (2010). The guy who plays the kid\u2019s dirtbag father was actually a homeless drunk who pursued acting in his youth. While he looks like he\u2019s about 68 years-old, he was actually only 53 and died on the streets of Austin a couple of months after filming stopped.\r\n\r\nThe movie depicts the ugly side of \u201crural trash\u201d (aka \u201crednecks\u201d) and is so downbeat some find it disgusting. Also, the film might seem sloppy story-wise, but that\u2019s because it respects the intelligence of the viewer to read in between the lines. If you can look past these issues, there are thematic gems to mine and occasional glimmerings of light.                 \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 57 minutes and was shot in rural areas outside Austin, Texas (Bastrop, Taylor & Lockhart). WRITERS: Gary Hawkins wrote the script based on the novel by Larry Brown.            \r\n\r\nGRADE: B- "}], "recommandations_id": [157845, 244509, 73567, 164457], "youtube_key": "3WPLVEUx5AU"}