{"tmdb_id": 15794, "title": "L'Enfer est \u00e0 lui", "original_title": "White Heat", "slug_title": "l-enfer-est-a-lui", "date": "1949-09-02", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Le gangster Cody Jarrett et ses complices attaquent un train en Californie. Pendant l'op\u00e9ration, quatre employ\u00e9s sont tu\u00e9s. La police est d\u00e9termin\u00e9e \u00e0 retrouver les coupables et surveille la m\u00e8re de Cody, \u00e0 laquelle ce dernier voue une adoration pathologique. Pour d\u00e9tourner les soup\u00e7ons, Cody se rend \u00e0 la police pr\u00e9textant un d\u00e9lit mineur. Les policiers ne sont pas dupes et d\u00e9l\u00e8guent un des leurs dans la prison o\u00f9 est enferm\u00e9 le gangster...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xWeZOOZIUrV2Hhkkfqvg1cH0u6v.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (Arthur 'Cody' Jarrett)", "Virginia Mayo (Verna Jarrett)", "Edmond O'Brien (Vic Pardo)", "Margaret Wycherly (Ma Jarrett)", "Steve Cochran ('Big Ed' Somers)", "John Archer (Philip Evans)", "Wally Cassell ('Cotton' Valletti)", "Fred Clark (Daniel Winston)", "Paul Guilfoyle (Roy Parker)", "Ford Rainey (Zuckie)", "Robert Foulk (Payroll Guard at Chemical Plant)", "Ian MacDonald (Creel)", "Robert Osterloh (Ryley)", "Joel Allen (Operative (uncredited))", "Claudia Barrett (Cashier (uncredited))", "Ray Bennett (Guard (uncredited))", "Marshall Bradford (Chief of Police (uncredited))", "Chet Brandenburg (Convict (uncredited))", "John Butler (Motorist at Gas Station (uncredited))", "Robert Carson (Agent at Directional Map (uncredited))", "Bill Cartledge (Car-Hop at Drive-In Theatre (uncredited))", "Leo Cleary (Railroad Fireman (uncredited))", "Fred Coby (Happy Taylor (uncredited))", "Tom Coleman (Court Officer (uncredited))", "G. Pat Collins (The Reader (uncredited))", "Herschel Daugherty (Policeman (uncredited))", "Charles Ferguson (Plant Detective (uncredited))", "Art Foster (Guard (uncredited))", "Eddie Foster (Lefeld (uncredited))", "Buddy Gorman (Vendor at Drive-in (uncredited))", "Sherry Hall (Court Clerk (uncredited))", "Carl Harbaugh (Foreman (uncredited))", "Clarence Hennecke (Small Role (uncredited))", "Perry Ivins (Dr. Simpson (uncredited))", "Colin Kenny (Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Mickey Knox (Het Kohler (uncredited))", "Harry Lauter (Man with Microphone in Car (uncredited))", "Nolan Leary (Russ (uncredited))", "Murray Leonard (Engineer (uncredited))", "Larry McGrath (Clocker (uncredited))", "John McGuire (Psychiatrist #2 (uncredited))", "Sid Melton (Russell Hughes (uncredited))", "Art Miles (Guard (uncredited))", "Ray Montgomery (Ernie (uncredited))", "Terry O'Sullivan (Radio Announcer (uncredited))", "Milton Parsons (Willie Rolf (uncredited))", "Jack Perrin (Policeman (uncredited))", "Jack Perry (Convict (uncredited))", "Lee Phelps (Prison Tower Guard (uncredited))", "Eddie Phillips (T-Man (uncredited))", "John Pickard (T-Man Driving Car C (uncredited))", "Joey Ray (T-Man (uncredited))", "Grandon Rhodes (Dr. Harris - Psychiatrist #1 (uncredited))", "Jeffrey Sayre (Plant Detective (uncredited))", "George Spaulding (Judge (uncredited))", "Harry Strang (Prison Infirmary Guard (uncredited))", "Jim Thorpe (Big Convict (uncredited))", "Jim Toney (Brakeman (uncredited))", "Sid Troy (Convict (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I told you to keep away from that radio. If that battery is dead it'll have company.\r\n\r\nWhite Heat is directed by Raoul Walsh and adapted by Ivan Goff & Ben Roberts from a story suggested by Virginia Kellogg. It stars James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Steve Cochran & Margaret Wycherly. Music is by Max Steiner and photography by Sidney Hickox.\r\n\r\nCody Jarrett (Cagney) is the sadistic leader of a violent and ruthless gang of thieves. Unnervingly devoted to his mother (Wycherly) and afflicted by terrible headaches since childhood, Cody is one bad day away from being a full blown psychotic. That day is coming soon, and everyone in his way is sure to pay.\r\n\r\nAround the time of White Heat being released, two things were evident as regards its star and its themes. One is that it had been a long time since a gangster, and a truly vicious one at that, had thrilled or frightened a cinema audience. The Production Code and a change in emotional value due to World War II had seen the genuine career gangster all but disappear. Second thing of note is that Cagney was stung by the disappointing performance of Cagney Productions. So after having left Warner Brothers in 1942, the diminutive star re-signed for the studio and returned to the genre he had almost made his own in the 30s. He of course had some say in proceedings, such as urging the makers to ensure a crime does not pay motif, but all told he needed a hit and the fit with Raoul Walsh and the psychotic Jarrett was perfect. It may not be his best acting performance, but it's certainly his most potent and arguably it's the cream of the gangster genre crop.\r\n\r\nThe inspiration for the film is mostly agreed to be the real life criminals: Ma Barker, Arthur \"Doc\" Barker and Francis Crowley. A point of worth being that they were all 30s criminals since White Heat very much looks and feels like a 30s movie. Cagney for sure is older (he was 50 at the time) and more rotund, but he and the film have the presence and vibrancy respectively to keep it suitably in period and in the process becoming the last of its kind. White Heat is that rare old beast that manages to have a conventional action story at its core, yet still be unique in structure and portrayal of the lead character. Neatly crafted by Walsh around four Cody Jarrett \"moments\" of importance, the Oedipal tones playing out between Cody and his Ma make for an uneasy experience, but even then Walsh and the team pull a rabbit out the hat by still garnering sympathy for the crazed protagonist. It sounds nutty, but it really is one of the big reasons why White Heat is the great film that it is. Another reason of course is \"those\" special scenes, two of which are folklore cinematic legends now. Note legend number 1 as Cody, incarcerated, receives bad news, the reaction is at once terrifying and pitiful (note the extras reaction here since they didn't know what was coming). Legend number 2 comes with \"that\" ending, forever quotable and as octane ignited finale's go it takes some beating. \r\n\r\nAs brilliant and memorable as Cagney is, it's not, however, a one man show. He's superbly directed by Walsh, with the great director maintaining a pace and rhythm to match Cody Jarrett's state of mind. And with Steiner (Angels With Dirty Faces/Casablanca/Key Largo) scoring with eerie strands and strains, and Hickox (The Big Sleep/To Have and Have Not) adding noir flourishes for realism and atmosphere, it's technically a very smart picture. The supporting cast in the face of Cagney's barnstorming come up with sterling work. Wycherly is glorious as the tough and tetchy Ma Jarrett and O'Brien is needed to be spot on in the film's second most important role; a role that calls for him to not only be the first man Cody has ever trusted, but also as some sort of weird surrogate mother! Mayo isn't called on to do much, but she's gorgeous and sexy and fatalistic in sheen. While Cochran holds his end up well as the right hand man getting ideas above his station.\r\n\r\nWhite Heat is as tough as they come, a gritty pulsating psycho drama that has many visual delights and scenes that are still as powerful and as shocking some 60 odd years since it first hit the silver screen. What is often forgotten, when yet another clip of the brilliant ending is shown on TV, is that it's also a weird and snarky piece of film. All told, it is blisteringly hot. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16958, 14580, 17687, 976]}