{"tmdb_id": 157, "title": "Star Trek III : \u00c0 la recherche de Spock", "original_title": "Star Trek III: The Search for Spock", "slug_title": "star-trek-iii-a-la-recherche-de-spock", "date": "1984-05-31", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Aventure / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Le Capitaine Kirk et son \u00e9quipage volent l'Enterprise pour tenter de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer le corps de M. Spock, qui s'est sacrifi\u00e9 lors du combat contre Khan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b9ZaPiD6AaZR7CgQP5P4Kg893QL.jpg", "actors": ["William Shatner (Admiral James T. Kirk)", "DeForest Kelley (Dr. Leonard McCoy)", "Robin Curtis (Lt. Saavik)", "Merritt Butrick (Dr. David Marcus)", "Christopher Lloyd (Cmdr. Kruge)", "James Doohan (Montgomery Scott)", "George Takei (Hikaru Sulu)", "Walter Koenig (Pavel Chekov)", "Nichelle Nichols (Cmdr. Uhura)", "Mark Lenard (Ambassador Sarek)", "James Sikking (Captain Styles)", "Phillip R. Allen (Capt. Esteban)", "Robert Hooks (Admiral Morrow)", "John Larroquette (Maltz)", "Judith Anderson (Vulcan High Priestess)", "Leonard Nimoy (Capt. Spock/Elevator Voice)", "Carl Steven (Spock...Age 9)", "Vadia Potenza (Spock...Age 13)", "Stephen Manley (Spock...Age 17)", "Joe W. Davis (Spock at age 25)", "Miguel Ferrer (First Officer)", "Branscombe Richmond (Klingon Gunner #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You Klingon bastards! Kirk gets personal.\r\n\r\nIt is what it is folks, it's a good honest Star Trek story, it beats a real emotive heart and although some may decry the lack of blistering space battles, or end of the universe peril scenarios, it's an essential film for dealing with the protagonists we know and love.\r\n\r\nInto the mix here we have our favourite alien enemies The Klingons (led by the oddly cast Christopher Lloyd), Spock's father, Sarek, who adds grace to the story, and crucially Kirk gets an emotional kicker. While elsewhere hardcore fans get a big surprise with the beloved Enterprise.\r\n\r\nIt's of course merely a set up for the next (and delightfully great) instalment of Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, but on its own terms this stands up as one of the better character pieces in the series. Due in no small part to having Leonard Nimoy directing it because he shows care and thought about a subject he obviously knows quite a bit about. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [168, 172, 174, 152], "youtube_key": "4wzG1u4zStM"}