{"tmdb_id": 158114, "title": "The Case of the Black Cat", "original_title": "The Case of the Black Cat", "slug_title": "the-case-of-the-black-cat", "date": "1936-10-31", "genre": ["Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Lawyer Perry Mason is summoned to the Laxter mansion in the dead of night to write granddaughter Wilma out of invalid Peter Laxter's will, to keep her from marrying suspected fortune hunter Doug. Peter dies in a mysterious fire and Laxter's two grandsons, Sam Laxter and Frank Oafley, inherit his estate on the condition old caretaker Schuster and his cat Clinker are kept on. When cat-hating Sam threatens Clinker, Perry steps in and learns Laxter's death was suspicious and the family fortune and diamonds are missing. Schuster's found dead in his basement apartment, Laxter's nurse Louise is murdered with Schuster's crutch, and circumstantial evidence brings Doug to trial for Louise's death. Mason's investigation produces a surprise witness who turns the trial around. Written by Sister Grimm", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3FT9pALCakGxrjumzvXWs86OI0R.jpg", "actors": ["Ricardo Cortez (Perry Mason)", "June Travis (Della Street)", "Jane Bryan (Wilma Laxter)", "Craig Reynolds (Frank Oafley)", "Carlyle Moore Jr. (Douglas Keene)", "Bill Elliott (Sam Laxter)", "Nedda Harrigan (Nurse Louise DeVoe)", "Garry Owen (Paul Drake)", "Harry Davenport (Peter Laxter)", "George Rosener (Charles Ashton)", "Gordon Hart (Dr. Jacobs)", "Clarence Wilson (Mr. Shuster)", "Guy Usher (District Attorney Hamilton Burger)", "Lottie Williams (Mrs. Pixley)", "Harry Hayden (Reverend Stillwell)", "Earl Askam (Desk Officer)", "Frank Bruno (Construction Foreman)", "Don Downen (Newsboy)", "Kenneth Gibson (Clerk)", "Sol Gorss (Poker Player)", "Harrison Greene (Worried Client)", "Chuck Hamilton (Bailiff)", "Milton Kibbee (Brandon - Oafley's Butler)", "Paul Kruger (Reporter)", "John Marston (Judge Robert Fellows)", "Edward McWade (Keene's Apartment Manager)", "Lyle Moraine (Reporter)", "Paul Panzer (Poker Player)", "Ferdinand Schumann-Heink (Mason's Driver)", "John Sheehan (Sergeant Holcomb)", "Billy Wayne (Poker Player)", "Claire White (Woman)", "Tom Wilson (Waffle Shop Construction Foreman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}