{"tmdb_id": 158113, "title": "The Case of the Stuttering Bishop", "original_title": "The Case of the Stuttering Bishop", "slug_title": "the-case-of-the-stuttering-bishop", "date": "1937-06-08", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A Bishop from Australia comes to Perry to ask him to take a case of a woman wrongly accused of manslaughter 22 years before. The case would involve the wealthy Mr. Brownley and the fact that his alleged granddaughter may be an imposter. With that, the Bishop leaves and is clubbed in his hotel room. Soon after, he leaves on a boat and Perry meets the woman - Ida Gilbert. Perry goes to see Mr. Brownley, but gets nowhere. Later that night, Brownley is to meet Ida, but he is shot by a woman who drops Ida's gun. Ida is arrested for the murder of Mr. Brownley and Perry gets involved. Written by Tony Fontana", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aX7N0aaJXWa9yJpzhbbHEJQjoEC.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Woods (Perry Mason)", "Ann Dvorak (Della Street)", "Anne Nagel (Janice Alma Brownley)", "Linda Perry (Janice Seaton)", "Craig Reynolds (Gordon Bixler)", "Gordon Oliver (Philip Brownley)", "Joseph Crehan (Paul Drake)", "Helen MacKellar (Stella Kenwood)", "Edward McWade (Bishop Mallory)", "Tom Kennedy (Jim Magooney)", "Mira McKinney (Ida Gilbert)", "Frank Faylen (Charlie Downs)", "Douglas Wood (Renald C. Brownley)", "Veda Ann Borg (Gladys)", "George Lloyd (Peter Sacks)", "Selmer Jackson (Victor Stockton)", "Charles C. Wilson (Hamilton Burger)", "Eddy Chandler (Detective James Fleet)", "Don Downen (Bellboy)", "Harry Fox (Clerk)", "Gordon Hart (Judge Knox)", "Stuart Holmes (Renald's Butler)", "Lyle Moraine (Western Union Witness)", "Jack Mower (Second Detective)", "Wedgwood Nowell (Hotel Manager)", "Paul Panzer (Guiseppe - Waiter)", "John J. Richardson (Second Taxi Driver)", "Cliff Saum (Third Detective)", "Ferdinand Schumann-Heink (Ambulance Helper)", "John Shelton (Ambulance Doctor)", "Louise Stanley (Young Woman in Room 310)", "Billy Wayne (First Taxi Driver)", "Tom Wilson (Yacht Club Attendant Watchman)", "Dan Wolheim (Policeman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [75770], "youtube_key": "notfound"}