{"tmdb_id": 15849, "title": "La Momie", "original_title": "The Mummy", "slug_title": "la-momie", "date": "1932-12-22", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans l'Egypte ancienne, le grand pr\u00eatre Imhotep a \u00e9t\u00e9 enseveli vivant pour avoir vol\u00e9 un manuscrit qui devait ressusciter sa belle. D\u00e9couvert sous forme de momie par un arch\u00e9ologue, rendu \u00e0 la vie, il monte une exp\u00e9dition pour retrouver la tombe de sa bien-aim\u00e9e. Mais celle-ci s'est r\u00e9incarn\u00e9e en jeune femme moderne, et il lui faut la conqu\u00e9rir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4vk9YFob7PEXCdf75TtcbnL4hQq.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Imhotep / Ardath Bey)", "Zita Johann (Helen Grosvenor / Princess Anck-es-en-Amon)", "David Manners (Frank Whemple)", "Arthur Byron (Sir Joseph Whemple)", "Edward Van Sloan (Dr. Muller)", "Bramwell Fletcher (Ralph Norton)", "Noble Johnson (The Nubian Servant)", "Kathryn Byron (Frau Muller)", "Leonard Mudie (Professor Pearson)", "James Crane (The Pharaoh)", "Florence Britton (Nurse (uncredited))", "Jack Deery (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Bill Elliott (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Eddie Kane (Inspector's Assistant (uncredited))", "Tony Marlow (Police Inspector (uncredited))", "C. Montague Shaw (Gentleman #1 at Party (uncredited))", "Leyland Hodgson (Gentleman #2 at Party (uncredited))", "Pat Somerset (Helen's Dancing Partner (uncredited))", "Arthur Tovey (Nubian (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tiailds", "content": "After watching Frankenstein and Dracula, this one is far above them.\r\n\r\n\"Is it interesting?\" This one kept my interest for quite a while, though the editing was a major flaw.\r\n2 out of 3.\r\n\r\n\"Is it memorable?\" If I think of classic monster movies, I will think of this one. Especially the story.\r\n2 out of 3.\r\n\r\n\"Is it entertaining?\" That is the biggest problem. We have a great bad guy with a recognizable motivation, but out protagonists bumble along. The characters aren't evenly represented. I knew who was going to win or lose and stopped caring why. Just was waiting to find out how.\r\n1 out of 3\r\n\r\nStart with 1, 1+2+2+1=6\r\nIt might be a while but would watch again. Would also mention it to others, but let them judge how good it was. It's not for everyone."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Put it back. Bury it where you found it. You have read the curse. You dare defy it?\r\n\r\nThe Mummy is directed by Karl Freund and written by Nina Wilcox Putnam, Richard Schayer and John L. Balderston. It stars Boris Karloff, Zita Johann, David Manners, Arthur Byron, Edward Van Sloan, and Bramwell Fletcher. Music is by James Dietrich and cinematography by Charles J. Stumar.\r\n\r\nThe first of Universal's Mummy films follows the story of Imhotep (Karloff), who after being awaken from his tomb by expedition workers, believes his lover has been reincarnated in the body of a modern woman.\r\n\r\nIt's undeniably slow moving, it's stagy, and away from Karloff the acting and dialogue is just about reaching average qualities. Yet there's a haunting quality to the pic, with a number of genuinely eerie sequences. The shadowed photography helps greatly for funereal atmospherics, while it's somewhat refreshing to find a film of this type not resorting to shock tactics to get your attention.\r\n\r\nAn important film in a lot of ways and well worth a look for those interested in the history of Horror Film. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13666, 10787, 229, 138]}