{"tmdb_id": 1584, "title": "Rock Academy", "original_title": "School of Rock", "slug_title": "rock-academy", "date": "2003-10-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Un musicien se fait virer de son groupe de rock et trouve, dans la foul\u00e9e, un emploi de prof de musique dans une \u00e9cole priv\u00e9e stricte. L\u00e0, devant un parterre de tubas, de clairons, de pianos et de harpes, il d\u00e9cide de revoir l'approche de la musique de ses \u00e9l\u00e8ves. Leur filant des Gibson en V, des claviers, des caisses claires et des charleys, il leur enseigne la musique des amplis. Le gros son des rockers. Et \" leur donne le pouvoir de casser les r\u00e8gles \".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cREN222Yw78zvSQ9bg17Y9QZS0c.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Black (Dewey Finn)", "Sarah Silverman (Patty Di Marco)", "Joan Cusack (Rosalie Mullins)", "Mike White (Ned Schneebly)", "Miranda Cosgrove (Summer Hathaway)", "Joey Gaydos Jr. (Zack Mooneyham)", "Kevin Alexander Clark (Freddy Jones)", "Maryam Hassan (Tomika)", "Chris Stack (Doug)", "Lucas Babin (Spider)", "Jordan-Claire Green (Michelle)", "Aleisha Allen (Alicia)", "Veronica Afflerbach (Eleni)", "Robert Tsai (Lawrence)", "Angelo Massagli (Frankie)", "Caitlin Hale (Marta)", "Cole Hawkins (Leonard)", "Brian Falduto (Billy)", "James Hosey (Marco)", "Zachary Infante (Gordon)", "Rebecca Brown (Katie)", "Jaclyn Neidenthal (Emily)", "Suzzanne Douglas (Tomika's Mother)", "Eron Otcasek (Musician)", "Carlos Velazquez (Musician)", "Kimberly Grigsby (Mrs. Sheinkopf)", "Lee Wilkof (Mr. Green)", "Kate McGregor-Stewart (Mrs. Lemmons)", "Wally Dunn (Gym Teacher)", "Tim Hopper (Zack's Father)", "Michael Dominguez-Rudolph (Art Student)", "Crash Cortez (Max)", "Nicky Katt (Razor)", "John Highsmith (Tony)", "Heather Goldenhersh (Sheila)", "Timothy \"Speed\" Levitch (Waiter)", "Scott Graham (Punk Rock Guy)", "Sharon Washington (Alicia's Mother)", "Kim Brockington (Leonard's Mother)", "Marty Murphy (Concerned Father)", "Kathleen McNenny (Freddy's Mother)", "Joanna Adler (Summer's Mother)", "Robert Lin (Lawrence's Father)", "Barry Shurchin (Cop)", "MacIntyre Dixon (Bus Driver)", "Amy Sedaris (Mrs. Haynish)", "Mary Fortune (Teacher's Assistant)", "Mandy Siegfried (Female Employee)", "Elisa Pugliese (Concert Goer)", "Carlos J. Da Silva (Security Guard)", "Ian O'Malley (Radio Exec)", "Chris Line (Radio DJ)", "Kyle Meaney (Toby)", "Frank Whaley (Battle of the Bands Director)", "Lauren Adler (Concert Goer)", "Kelly Anne Burns (Groupie)", "Leanne Cabrera (Concert Goer)", "Catherine A. Callahan (Concert Goer)", "Lucas Papaelias (Neil)", "Adam Pascal (Theo)", "Cedric Cannon (Leonard's Dad)", "Mike Clemente (Crazed Fan)", "Anivile Daniel (Concert Goer)", "Jane DeNoble (Billy's Mom)", "Caileigh Scott (Concert Goer)", "Karen Nazarov (Groupie)", "Riley G. Matthews Jr. (Blood Brothers MC Biker)", "Jada Montemarano (Student)", "Mateo Moreno (Concert Goer)", "Lian Moy (Student)", "Ryan O'Connor (No Vaccancy's Biggest Fan)", "Scott Ross (Concert Goer)", "Johnny Sullivan (Guy in Crowd Who Catches Dewey)", "Jamie Vergan (Concert Goer)", "Joe Wachowski (Concert Goer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You are not hardcore unless you live hardcore.\r\n\r\nThe perfect vehicle for Jack Black, a film to show that given the right material he\u2019s a bona fide comedic actor of some worth. Plot has Black as Dewey Finn, a wastrel musician who has no job prospects and who spends his time mooching off of his best mate Ned Sheebly (Mike White). When Dewey is fired from his rock band he\u2019s left in limbo and in danger of being homeless. But when he answers a phone call offering Ned a job assignment, Dewey decides to take it upon himself to impersonate Ned and take the employment himself; as a schoolteacher!\r\n\r\nSo it\u2019s Jack Black in a classroom full of kids, it probably shouldn\u2019t work, and even might seem like some sort of cruel and unusual punishment to anyone with an aversion to Black, but this is feel good nirvana and a paean to rock and roll. It\u2019s perhaps unsurprising that it\u2019s crammed with clich\u00e9s from the classroom splinter of moviedom, the kids a roll call of characters we have seen numerous times. The spoilt swot, the roughneck, the one suffering parental peer pressure, the weight issue one and on it goes, but boy can they play music when Dewey takes them out of classical mode and into rock central.\r\n\r\nHow nice to find that director Richard Linklater and writer Mike White have managed to rise above the clich\u00e9s and avoid syrupy fodder, there\u2019s such a zest and earnestness to it all, and the kids acting is high in quality as well, led by the big kid himself, Black on full tilt. But most of all, even as the morals and life affirming threads come wading in with the pulsing rock soundtrack, it\u2019s a very funny picture, the gag quota enormously high. Be it Black trying to bluff the kids, the kids trying to bluff everyone else - or the wonderful Joan Cusack as the scatty stickler for the rules Principal Mullins \u2013 a laugh is never far away. Rock on! 8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "daisyrowley", "content": "Our family loved this movie. While the language is a little strong, compared to other movies that are rated the same, it is relatively mild. If your children like rock, it is a lot of fun. If you are a family who tolerates no swearing whatsoever, or if \"kick some ass\" would shock or offend you, then it's not for you. The overall message is that uptight kids use their skills to create a rock show, a slacker finds a calling and realizes what is really important in life, and forgiveness abounds.\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [9472, 9032, 9889, 2300], "youtube_key": "LqEszt5wG9I"}