{"tmdb_id": 15855, "title": "Le Fant\u00f4me de l'Op\u00e9ra", "original_title": "Phantom of the Opera", "slug_title": "le-fantome-de-l-opera", "date": "1943-08-27", "genre": ["Musique / Horreur / Romance / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "La prometteuse soprano Christine Dubois est une jeune femme tr\u00e8s courtis\u00e9e, \u00e0 la fois par le chanteur lyrique Anatole Garron et l'inspecteur Raoul D'Aubert. Mais elle a \u00e9galement un pr\u00e9tendant secret, ancien violoniste de l'Op\u00e9ra de Paris d\u00e9figur\u00e9 par une projection d'acide, qui hante les catacombes de l'\u00e9difice...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hy9FR0LZxTasQjkzlgRUZq9SAma.jpg", "actors": ["Nelson Eddy (Anatole Garron)", "Susanna Foster (Christine Dubois)", "Claude Rains (Erique Claudin)", "Edgar Barrier (Raoul D'Aubert)", "Leo Carrillo (Signor Ferretti)", "Jane Farrar (Biancarolli)", "J. Edward Bromberg (Amiot)", "Fritz Feld (Lecours)", "Frank Puglia (Villeneuve)", "Steven Geray (Vereheres)", "Barbara Everest (The Aunt)", "Hume Cronyn (Gerard)", "Fritz Leiber (Franz Liszt)", "Nicki Andre (Madame Lorenzi)", "Gladys Blake (Jeanne)", "Elvira Curci (Biancarolli's Maid)", "Kate Drain Lawson (Landlady)", "Miles Mander (Pleyel)", "Rosina Galli (Christine's Maid)", "Edward Biby (Operagoer (uncredited))", "Stanley Blystone (Officer (uncredited))", "Beatrice Roberts (Nurse (uncredited))", "Belle Mitchell (Feretti's Maid (uncredited))", "James Mitchell (Reporter (uncredited))", "Walter O. Stahl (Doctor (as Walter Stahl))", "Paul Marion (Desjardines)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well it's one of the most beautiful Universal Horror movies out there.\r\n\r\nPhantom of the Opera is directed by Arthur Lubin and features a collective of writers adapting from Gaston Leroux's novel. It stars Nelson Eddy, Claude Rains, Edgar Barrier, Susanna Foster, Leo Carrillo and Jane Farrar. Music is by Edward Ward and cinematography by W. Howard Greene.\r\n\r\nThe Leroux source material has been adapted a number of times. This version sees Universal update their own 1925 silent version that starred Lon Chaney, and give it a Technicolor make over whilst practically making it a musical picture. Even making it a light comedy in parts! It is undeniably a gorgeous picture, both visually and aurally, for the sets and operatic tunes alone this could never be called a dull movie. But we want horror, it's an horrific tale of murder, disfigurement, disloyalty and unbridled passions, we don't want to be watching a Phantom of the Opera movie where at any moment you expect the cast to start singing \"ding dong the witch is dead\". Cast are mostly fine as regards the tone of the piece, though Rains barely gets his teeth into the role of the Phantom and comes off more like Zorro or the Lone Ranger. While Lubin and his crew give the whole production a professional polish.\r\n\r\nBut is this horror? No, never, and that's a shame given it's from the torch bearers for classic horror of the 30s and 40s. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3103, 46330, 90968, 43517], "youtube_key": "m0yLIsk7bxE"}