{"tmdb_id": 1586, "title": "Fen\u00eatre secr\u00e8te", "original_title": "Secret Window", "slug_title": "fenetre-secrete", "date": "2004-03-12", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Mort Rainey devrait \u00eatre devant son ordinateur, \u00e0 \u00e9crire un autre de ses romans \u00e0 succ\u00e8s. Mais son divorce le d\u00e9truit et le prive de toute inspiration. Tout ce qui touche \u00e0 la rupture devient un v\u00e9ritable cauchemar et sa page reste blanche. Un jour, un inconnu nomm\u00e9 John Shooter se pr\u00e9sente \u00e0 sa porte et l'accuse d'avoir plagi\u00e9 son histoire. L'homme demande r\u00e9paration. Malgr\u00e9 les efforts de Rainey pour le calmer, l'individu devient de plus en plus vindicatif. Sa notion particuli\u00e8re de la justice pourrait bien le conduire jusqu'au meurtre. Forc\u00e9 de se lancer dans un affrontement qui va le pousser au bout de lui-m\u00eame, Rainey va se d\u00e9couvrir des ressources d'astuce et de d\u00e9termination qu'il n'aurait jamais cru avoir. Il va en avoir besoin, parce que l'\u00e9trange Shooter semble le conna\u00eetre mieux qu'il ne se conna\u00eet lui-m\u00eame...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/210t77CLRtBMRdeMho5Aqa9uVPL.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Depp (Mort Rainey)", "John Turturro (John Shooter)", "Maria Bello (Amy Rainey)", "Timothy Hutton (Ted Milner)", "Charles S. Dutton (Ken Karsch)", "Len Cariou (Sheriff Dave Newsome)", "Joan Heney (Mrs. Garvey)", "John Dunn-Hill (Tom Greenleaf)", "Vlasta Vr\u00e1na (Fire Chief Wickersham)", "Matt Holland (Detective Bradley)", "Gillian Ferrabee (Fran Evans)", "Bronwen Mantel (Greta Bowie)", "Elizabeth Marleau (Juliet Stoker)", "Kyle Allatt (Busboy)", "Richard Jutras (Motel Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You strike me as the kind of guy who's on the lookout for a head he can knock off with a shovel.\r\n\r\nIt's actually a film that shows both the good and bad sides of Johnny Depp and Stephen King adaptations to film form.\r\n\r\nDepp plays a writer who whilst going through a divorce and living out in the country in isolation, is suddenly menaced by John Turturo, who claims he is the victim of plagiarism perpetrated by Depp. Mysteries and murky shenanigans to follow...\r\n\r\nThat the film, in spite of its flimsy heart, is watchable, is down to the two stars, both are filing in for eccentricities and spooky menace respectively. Yet it's a bit of a one trick pony and difficult to take seriously, while it's also surprisingly bloodless, negating the interest of the potential Stephen King blood-lust crowd. The reveal is something of a cheat given what has gone before, belief of suspension is so stretched to breaking point, you literally should be wondering just what all other characters were doing in the film?!\r\n\r\nStill, Johnny and John, resplendent with weird hats and hairdo's, give good camera time and save David Koepp's movie from stinker damnation. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A successful writer who accused of plagiarism.**\r\n\r\nIt was based on the novel, though the original title makes more sense than this film. Maybe they wanted to avert the spoiler. But I don't think it would have affected much, because the twist comes at the final segment. The tale of a writer who is in the middle of divorce and now living alone is the lake house got threatened by a stranger, because according to him he stole his story. Followed by many unpleasant events, how he gets out of the trouble told in the next half.\r\n\r\nFeels just an okay kind. Though Johnny Depp was good. The suspense was good, particularly in the first half, but later it comes falling down. The second half was average, the twist was not interesting enough. After some point, you might predict it, but the point is it was too familiar. I especially did not like the finale, it was like not in detail. Still a watchable film, because of the actor and for decently made. So I think worth a watch if you keep a low expectation.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [768, 622, 2668, 2900]}