{"tmdb_id": 158752, "title": "Escape from Tomorrow", "original_title": "Escape from Tomorrow", "slug_title": "escape-from-tomorrow", "date": "2013-10-11", "genre": ["Horreur / Fantastique"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans un monde de faux ch\u00e2teaux et les rongeurs anthropomorphes, une bataille \u00e9pique commence lorsque la sant\u00e9 mentale d'un p\u00e8re au ch\u00f4mage est contest\u00e9e par une rencontre fortuite avec deux jeunes filles mineures en vacances.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lmAyBNWIMqj3hMPdnf6tObvuaua.jpg", "actors": ["Roy Abramsohn (Jim)", "Elena Schuber (Emily)", "Katelynn Rodriguez (Sara)", "Danielle Safady (Sophie)", "Alison Lees-Taylor (Other Woman)", "Jack Dalton (Elliot)", "Annet Mahendru (Isabelle)", "Lee Armstrong (Man on Scooter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Disneyland to Disasterland.**\r\n\r\nThe first thing is it is a different film. Might not be fully a fresh concept, but a rare kind. A bunch of wonderful characters and cast, this is somewhat entertaining. Takes place in the backdrop of Disneyland, Florida. Focused on a small family with two little kids having a nice time in the theme park. The story centres mainly on the father, who unable to resist the attraction towards two young French girls seen everywhere he goes. Which leads him to make mistakes being a father. Moreover, strange and unrecognisable events jeopardises the unity of his family.\r\n\r\nA bit of fantasy and reality, the film has a style. I thought it was just a flow that's taking it to the other end of the film, but the twist caught me by surprise. Nothing like a mind blowing, but for this kind of small flick, it was good enough. I don't think in any way the film offends the Disney park and Disney fans. Though the Disney did a fine job ignoring it rather than creating more publicity for the film by suing. It was just a possibility of life event which can take place anywhere, anytime. So, that's how it came into the life with this children's favourite theme park. Despite where it sets in, the film is for the adults. I think it is worth a try without any expectation.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [174678, 123359, 54013, 27743], "youtube_key": "1nfU_5NWBoE"}