{"tmdb_id": 15873, "title": "Le pont de Remagen", "original_title": "The Bridge at Remagen", "slug_title": "le-pont-de-remagen", "date": "1969-06-25", "genre": ["Action / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "En 1945, le pont Ludendorff \u00e0 Remagen demeure le dernier ouvrage d'art intact sur le Rhin. Les Am\u00e9ricains projettent de s'en emparer car il n'y a pas d'autre voie pour p\u00e9n\u00e9trer en territoire ennemi...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aDWi9Lxztr0MAJiqGJED3p3CAdg.jpg", "actors": ["George Segal (Lt. Phil Hartman)", "Ben Gazzara (Sgt. Angelo (\"Angel\"))", "Robert Vaughn (Maj. Paul Krueger)", "Bradford Dillman (Maj. Barnes)", "Peter van Eyck (Gen. Von Brock)", "Matt Clark (Corp. Jellicoe)", "Tom Heaton (Lt. Pattison)", "Bo Hopkins (Corp. Grebs)", "E.G. Marshall (Brig. Gen. Shinner)", "Hans Christian Blech (Hauptmann Carl Schmidt)", "Heinz Reincke (Stadtrat Holzgang, Kreisleiter der NSDAP)", "Sonja Ziemann (Greta Holzgang)", "Joachim Hansen (Hauptmann Otto Baumann)", "Richard M\u00fcnch (General von St\u00fcrmer)", "G\u00fcnter Meisner (SS Officer)", "Fritz Ford (Col. Dent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Amazing Story of March 7, 1945.\r\n\r\nThe Bridge at Remagen is directed by John Guillermin and collectively adapted to screenplay by William Roberts, Richard Yates and Roger O. Hirson from the book The Bridge at Remagen: The Amazing Story of March 7, 1945. It stars George Segal, Robert Vaughn, Ben Gazzara, Bradford Dillman and E.G. Marshall. A Panavision/ De Luxe Color production, music is by Elmer Bernstein and cinematography by Stanley Cortez.\r\n\r\nFilm is a fictionalised account of the battle for control of The Ludendorff Bridge over the Rhine during the tail end of World War II.\r\n\r\nA war film that\u2019s rich with action and no little intelligence as it views the battle equally from both sides of the warring factions. The bridge is crucial to the war effort to both sides, but for different reasons, here the narrative is a little complex so total investment in the dialogue is strongly recommended. The characterisations are high quality, even if the war is hell weariness of the American soldiers had been done many times before in other notable war movies. Guillermin thrusts the psychologically hurt soldiers into desperate combat situations, from which we the viewers indulge in seeing the survival of the fittest. A  sweeping score from Bernstein, gritty looking photography by Cortez, and a cast giving good turns, rounds this out as a thoroughly enjoyable World War II picture. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35392, 31935, 11463, 45398], "youtube_key": "DWj0EnWyNgk"}