{"tmdb_id": 15875, "title": "La taverne de l'Irlandais", "original_title": "Donovan's Reef", "slug_title": "la-taverne-de-l-irlandais", "date": "1963-06-12", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Guns et Boats, deux anciens combattants du Pacifique se sont install\u00e9s en Polyn\u00e9sie. La fille d'un troisi\u00e8me camarade, \u00e9lev\u00e9e dans la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 puritaine de Boston vient \u00e0 la recherche de son p\u00e8re. Alors qu'ils se retrouvent, comme chaque ann\u00e9e, dans l'\u00eele de Haleakaloa, o\u00f9 habite Guns, pour une rituelle bagarre, cet ancien marin irlandais va donner \u00e0 la jeune h\u00e9riti\u00e8re prude et pleine de pr\u00e9jug\u00e9s une le\u00e7on de charit\u00e9 et de joie de vivre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mmj5n0LWHxlVtRJSK1FcDIwAOFo.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Michael Patrick 'Guns' Donovan)", "Elizabeth Allen (Ameilia Sarah Dedham)", "Lee Marvin (Thomas Aloysius 'Boats' Gilhooley)", "Cesar Romero (Marquis Andre de Lage)", "Mike Mazurki (Sgt. Monk Menkowicz)", "Jack Warden (Dr. William Dedham)", "Jacqueline Malouf (Lelani Dedham)", "Cherylene Lee (Sarah 'Sally' Dedham)", "Jeffrey Byron (Luki Dedham)", "Dorothy Lamour (Miss Lafleur)", "Marcel Dalio (Father Cluzeot)", "Dick Foran (Australian Navy Officer Sean O'Brien)", "Edgar Buchanan (Boston Attorney Francis X. O'Brien)", "Jon Fong (Mister Eu)", "Dan Ford (Child (uncredited))", "Mae Marsh (Family Council Member (uncredited))", "Ron Nyman (Naval Officer (uncredited))", "John Qualen (Deckhand Who Cries 'Man Overboard' (uncredited))", "Aissa Wayne (Native Girl (uncredited))", "Patrick Wayne (Australian Navy Lieutenant (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sunny, breezy and flipping delightful.  \r\n\r\nYou hear the names John Ford and John Wayne and one automatically thinks of Westerns, sprawling landscapes and machismo in bunches. Odd then that their last collaboration should be a knock about comedy set on a paradise isle. Perhaps even odder is that it should turn out to be one of their most entertaining films. Donovan's Reef finds the two Johns in very relaxed mood, as is the rest of the cast I might add. A cast that includes Lee Marvin, Mike Mazurki, Jack Warden, Cesar Romero, Dorothy Lamour and the lovely Elizabeth Allen.\r\n\r\nSpeaking personally, I found the film far more rewarding by not knowing much about it before hand, I really only ventured into it out of loyalty to the Johns and the Marv. So in that, this isn't much of a review as such, because I would simply urge people to give it a go. Why you ask?, well because it's one of those films that can brighten your day when things have gone dark, you got The Duke and The Marv slugging each other at regular intervals, not in the normal way associated with these guys, but jocular-with this biff bang machismo comes laughs a plenty. We have Romero and his beard on prime slime mode, Allen as delicious as she is prim and proper and the Kaua'i location work gorgeously realised by William H. Clothier's photography. It's not just a comedy either. Under the mirth we find Ford dealing in thematics such as anti-racism, anti preconceptions and one of his pet leanings of brotherhood.\r\n\r\nDonovan's Reef is a smashing film, it's far from perfect, something the principals were aware of. But in the end it's obvious that all involved just said to hell with it, lets enjoy it and hope the audience buys into that attitude as well. One can only hope that you do buy into it, and thus get as much fun from it as yours truly most assuredly did. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [6523, 30462, 21717, 26185]}