{"tmdb_id": 158852, "title": "\u00c0 la poursuite de demain", "original_title": "Tomorrowland", "slug_title": "a-la-poursuite-de-demain", "date": "2015-05-19", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Casey, une adolescente brillante et optimiste, dou\u00e9e d\u2019une grande curiosit\u00e9 scientifique et Frank, un homme qui fut autrefois un jeune inventeur de g\u00e9nie avant de perdre ses illusions, s\u2019embarquent pour une p\u00e9rilleuse mission. Leur but : d\u00e9couvrir les secrets d\u2019un lieu myst\u00e9rieux du nom de Tomorrowland, un endroit situ\u00e9 quelque part dans le temps et l\u2019espace, qui ne semble exister que dans leur m\u00e9moire commune... Ce qu\u2019ils y feront changera \u00e0 jamais la face du monde\u2026 et leur propre destin !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/69Cz9VNQZy39fUE2g0Ggth6SBTM.jpg", "actors": ["Britt Robertson (Casey Newton)", "George Clooney (Frank Walker)", "Raffey Cassidy (Athena)", "Thomas Robinson (Young Frank Walker)", "Hugh Laurie (David Nix)", "Kathryn Hahn (Ursula)", "Keegan-Michael Key (Hugo)", "Tim McGraw (Eddie Newton)", "Chris Bauer (Frank's Dad)", "Pierce Gagnon (Nate Newton)", "Matthew MacCaull (Dave Clark)", "Judy Greer (Jenny Newton)", "Matthew Kevin Anderson (Bus Driver)", "Michael Giacchino (Small World Operator)", "D. Harlan Cutshall (Skyscraper Foreman)", "Shiloh Nelson (Young Casey Newton)", "Xantha Radley (History Teacher)", "David Nykl (Science Teacher)", "Paul McGillion (English Teacher)", "Pearce Visser (Beefy Cop)", "Garry Chalk (Jail Desk Jockey)", "Dagan Nish (Jail Punk)", "Yusuf A. Ahmed (Jetpack Dexter)", "Alex Barima (Jetpack Buddy)", "Jedidiah Goodacre (Jetpack Buddy)", "Kate Crutchlow (Monorail Mother)", "Priya Rajaratnam (Young Astronaut)", "Parm Soor (Astronaut's Father)", "Leena Manro (Astronaut's Mother)", "Rick Pearce (Pickup Driver)", "Tom Butler (Police Captain)", "Michael Rowe (Deputy)", "Tim Perez (Deputy)", "Patrick Sabongui (Eiffel Tower Guard #1)", "Romuald Hivert (Eiffel Tower Guard #2)", "Mathieu Lardier (Pierre Clark)", "Fraser Corbett (Jensen)", "Darren Shahlavi (Tough Guard)", "Aidan Gemme (Young British Recruiter)", "Takayuki Oki (Guitar Player)", "Natasha Davidson (GM Plant Worker)", "Liliane Leilan Juma (Haitian Woman)", "Paul Anthony (Thick Glasses (uncredited))", "Kenia Arias (DQ Patron (uncredited))", "Kimberly Arklie (Hero Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Nicholas Barrera (World's Fair Patron (uncredited))", "Jason Bell (Dave Clark #7 (uncredited))", "Wendy Bell (Guest (uncredited))", "Aimee Bowen (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Chrystall Friedemann (World's Fair Lady (uncredited))", "Felix Kjellberg (Pewdiepie (Uncredited))", "Barbara Keegan (World's Fair Patron)", "Darien Provost (Mikey (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I quite enjoyed Tomorrowland despite its way too common mistake of being quite a bit nonsensically preachy to satisfy the current politically correct view of what is \u201cwrong\u201d with the world today. Filtering out those parts this is a quite enjoyable, visually very entertaining, family movie. If you have strong opinions about certain things then you might want to be with your kids when watching this one. Personally I consider my oldest son to be quite capable of making his own opinions and as for the two younger kinds I try to point out the pro\u2019s and con\u2019s and let them grow up to make their own mistakes.\r\n\r\nHaving that out of the way this is a visually quite wonderful movie. it is of course quite CGI enhanced but in a good way. It is a Disney movie after all so you would expect, at least I did, some \u201cartistic freedom\u201d as far as the scenery is concerned.\r\n\r\nThe story is actually a quite lovely \u201cfairy tale\u201d kind of story about a \u201cwonderland\u201d far far away. Initially it is a wee bit difficult to get a grip of what is happening since it all moves about all over the place a bit. If you can overcome that first disorientation it does indeed get somewhat sensible after a while. Having said that I mean \u201csensible\u201d in the context of not only a wild and whacky science fiction movie but in the context of a wild and wacky science fiction movie aimed at the younger part of the audience. Despite the scientific blurb thrown around in the last half of the movie do not for a minute believe that any of the script writers have more scientific knowledge than the average Hollywood script writer which is\u2026zero.\r\n\r\nTo me the enjoyment of this movie came from the childish fantasy style (it does have quite a bit of a fairly tale story over it), from the rather enjoyable cinematic effects, quite a bit of cool action and last but not least \u2026 George Clooney. Actually that is not entirely fair. George was part of it but what I really liked was the recruiting android all the way from the start. When Clooney entered the scene both him and the android pretty much stole the scene. I am afraid that the Newton girl, for a lot of the time, felt more like a \u201cplot element\u201d than a main character to me.\r\n\r\nI have to say that I quite liked the scenes in Paris as well. Sorry guys but I do live in France after all. The Eiffel Tower scenes where quite enjoyable and I do like the touch where they used Mr. Eiffel\u2019s apartment at the top of the tower as a scenery. Actually I am not sure how many people actually know that there is an apartment (now a museum) up there. The stuff about a hidden room and a hidden [naah, that would be a spoiler] beneath the tower is of course truly nonsensical.\r\n\r\nSo, bottom line, if Disney would not have gone down the line of trying to make a political statement, and I do not care what that statement was except that it was blunt, obvious and unconcealed, then this movie would have gotten another star or two. I cannot justify giving it much lower than what I did since it was, technically speaking, a quite good and entertaining movie. However, movies for children is not the medium to make a statement unless you believe that you are living in a socialist state a \u2018la the Soviet Union."}], "recommandations_id": [76757, 257344, 166424, 198184], "youtube_key": "lNzukD8pS_s"}