{"tmdb_id": 158821, "title": "Adventure in Sahara", "original_title": "Adventure in Sahara", "slug_title": "adventure-in-sahara", "date": "1938-11-15", "genre": ["Aventure / Action"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Agadez is a lonely French outpost baking under the desert sun and commanded by the cruel and oppressive Captain Savatt. To it comes, at his own request, Legionnaire Jim Wilson soon followed by his fianc\u00e9e, Carla Preston, who has been tracing him from post to post. Legionnaires seize the fort and turn Savitt loose in the Arab-haunted desert with only a fraction of the water and food needed to get back to civilization. But Savitt gets through and returns to the fort at the head of an avenging troop of men. But Arabs surround Savitt and his men, and the mutineers, knowing that to leave the fort and aid them means their own death", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qGvf59xOrKoE724CnTVge7BBQQR.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Kelly (Jim Wilson)", "C. Henry Gordon (Capt. Savatt)", "Lorna Gray (Carla Preston)", "Robert Fiske (Lt. Dumond)", "Marc Lawrence (Poule)", "Dick Curtis (Karnoldi)", "Stanley Brown (Ren\u00e9 Malreaux)", "Al Bridge (Cpl. Dronov)", "Ray Bennett (Ladoux)", "Charles R. Moore (Gungadin)", "Dwight Frye (Gravet, 'the Jackal')", "Stanley Andrews (Col. Rancreux)", "Maurice Brierre (Sergeant)", "Charles Brinley (Soldier)", "Dee Cascoigne (Legionaire Machine-Gunner)", "George Chesebro (Velich)", "Lew Davis (Steward)", "Jean De Briac (Recruiting Officer)", "Joe De Stefani (Edis)", "Homer Dickenson (Soldier)", "Joe Dominguez (Pascal)", "George Du Count (Gerguson)", "Eddie Fetherston (Sergeant)", "Sherry Hall (Sick Legionnaire)", "Oscar 'Dutch' Hendrian (Sergeant)", "Al Herman (Landreau)", "Boyd Irwin (Beauchamp)", "Charles King (Legionaire)", "Jack Low (Kranzt)", "Louis Mercier (Pierre)", "Art Mix (Bearded Arab)", "John Northpole (Fuestral)", "Joe Palma (Soldier)", "Albert Pollet (Sembland)", "Ed Randolph (Soldier)", "Rolfe Sedan (Airline Officer)", "Edwin Stanley (Dr. Renault)", "Harry Strang (Jolatar)", "Blackie Whiteford (Landring)", "Ron Wilson (Soldier)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "yKOhdlTgdPA"}