{"tmdb_id": 158999, "title": "L'orque tueuse", "original_title": "Blackfish", "slug_title": "l-orque-tueuse", "date": "2013-06-07", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Tilikum est une orque agressive. En captivit\u00e9 dans un parc aquatique, il a tu\u00e9 trois personnes. Avec l'appuie d'images choquantes, Blackfish fait intervenir des sp\u00e9cialistes qui luttent pour le maintien de ces animaux \u00e0 l'\u00e9tat sauvage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aqAYjUWZyoOjG9mHj380O0kFSxZ.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Gomersall (Himself)", "Samantha Berg (Herself)", "John Jett (Himself)", "John Hargrove (Himself)", "Carol Ray (Herself)", "Jeffrey Ventre (Himself)", "Kim Ashdown (Herself)", "Ken Balcomb (Himself)", "Mark Simmons (Himself)", "Thomas Tobin (Himself)", "Dave Duffus (Himself)", "Estefania Rodriguez (Herself)", "Mercedes Martinez (Herself)", "John Crowe (Himself)", "Howard Garrett (Himself)", "Eric Walters (Himself)", "Steve Huxter (Himself)", "Christopher Porter (Himself)", "Corinne Cowell (Herself)", "Nadien Kallen (Herself)", "Suzanne Allee (Herself)", "Lori Marino (Herself)", "Diane Brancheau (Herself)", "Dawn Brancheau (Herself)", "John Sillick (Himself)", "Tamarie Tollison (Herself)", "Alexis Martinez (Himself)", "Keltie Byrne (Herself)", "Whoopi Goldberg (Herself)", "Anderson Cooper (Himself)", "James Earl Jones (Himself (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "This is a documentary about how humans keep orcas (killer whales) as pets to entertain at places such as SeaWorld. It is centered around one vicious attack by a killer whale named Tilikum, but actually takes us around the world as well as into the past. This is not the first attack on trainers, and if the movie is to be believed, probably not the last one, unless measures are being taken to prevent abuse of the killer whales. Abuse in this case, by the way, means basically using them as entertainment. Killer whales should be free.\r\n\r\nI admit it, these beasts scare the daylight out of me. Apparently because of how we treat them, because someone informas us during the documentary, that never has there been reported a killer whale attack in the wild. I find that a little hard to believe, but ok, I'll play along for the sake of strengthening the morale of this movie. I actually saw a killer whale once, stranded more or less, inside a danish harbour. It was there for days I believe, and people traveled far to see it. I did as well, so I guess I understand the attraction of this magnificent and scary creatures. Also, isn't part of the attraction the fact that they are scary with a reputation? The fact that some people dare defy nature and enter a pool with them... a horrible and yet, strangely appealing thought. Not because we want to see anything bad happen to them, but because there is a chance it could happen.\r\n\r\nAs documentaries go, this is solid. It delves into the story of the orca, and also a bit about its physiology. Apparently, these guys are very emotional. It would have been great to have more than just one side to the story, but since SeaWorld declined to participate, I guess that would have been hard to do.\r\n\r\nLast words... not a very thought-provoking documentary. It shows some scary images, but never anything truly disturbing, which is a good thing in my opinion. But honestly, just go see Free Willy, and you will see a movie that tries to bring across the same message."}, {"pseudo": "j0ng", "content": "Great documentary. I had known about Orca attacks in captivity before watching it, but this film really drove home the point. Free Willy!"}], "recommandations_id": [23128, 39452, 501, 318224], "youtube_key": "fLOeH-Oq_1Y"}