{"tmdb_id": 158908, "title": "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete", "original_title": "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete", "slug_title": "the-inevitable-defeat-of-mister-pete", "date": "2013-10-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes gar\u00e7ons d'un quartier d\u00e9favoris\u00e9 sont livr\u00e9s \u00e0 eux-m\u00eames pendant tout un \u00e9t\u00e9, apr\u00e8s l'arrestation de leurs m\u00e8res par les autorit\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6zPGqjUBuYnQNiSDjG2qpu4pc29.jpg", "actors": ["Skylan Brooks (Mister)", "Ethan Dizon (Pete)", "Jennifer Hudson (Gloria)", "Jordin Sparks (Alice)", "Anthony Mackie (Kris)", "Jeffrey Wright (Henry)", "Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Sergeant Pike)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Between the parent's absence and the child protective service, the struggle lies!**\r\n\r\nThis is a wonderful film, but not the first time I'm seeing. I mean there's a similar film called 'Children of Invention' about two Chinese-American kids. So this film tells the similar story about two kids whose parents were drug addicts. After they were taken by the cops, the two boys try to live by themselves, struggling to feed and hiding all day and night long from the authorities. But how long this thing can go and with a little message, the story comes to an end.\r\n\r\nI won't say it was better than the other title I mentioned, but surely well developed than that. Still, I did not like the conclusion. There are some flawed parts like the shopkeeper trying to avenge in front of the cops. Yet the overall film was kind of realistic. That approach is what I liked from this. The two lead kids were brilliant. The entire film revolves around them, basically the camera never takes off the lens from them.\r\n\r\nAt some point it gets emotional, but the negativity was actually telling the truth. I mean the child welfare is to protect them, but not in this film, any film around the world, they are portrayed like they are the child snatchers. Like a boogeyman. That must change which is in the hands of the organisation to alter their approach to handling such situation. Definitely it is a must see film, despite a few defects. The theme was strong with drugs and sex references, so I think it is not suitable for the kids, despite two kids in the lead. But I think it would work if they were supervised by their parents.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [54602, 8199, 140443, 157384], "youtube_key": "yUBnTs3z5jI"}