{"tmdb_id": 159032, "title": "Pussy Riot: A Punk Prayer", "original_title": "\u041f\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0446\u0435\u0441\u0441: \u0418\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0440\u0438\u044f Pussy Riot", "slug_title": "pussy-riot-a-punk-prayer", "date": "2013-06-10", "genre": "Musique / Documentaire", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mLWysyvUQTDy0UqNKtueo7aYGJJ.jpg", "actors": ["Mariya Alyokhina (Herself)", "Yekaterina Samutsevich (Herself)", "Nadezhda Tolokonnikova (Herself)", "Andrey Tolokonnikov (Himself)", "Pussy Riot ()", "Petr Verzilov ()", "Dmitry Medvedev ()", "Madonna ()", "Stanislav Samutsevich ()", "Natalia Alyokhina ()", "Mark Feygin ()", "Vladimir Putin ()", "Yoko Ono ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Liberalism gone loony\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2013 and directed by Mike Lerner & Maxim Pozdorovkin, \"Pussy Riot: A Punk Prayer\" is a documentary about the feminist/anti-Putin Russian punk rock collective, Pussy Riot, and the arrest & trial of three of its main members (Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, Maria Alyokhina and Yekaterina Samutsevich) for their offensive protest \u201cperformance\u201d at a Moscow cathedral in 2012 wherein they were charged with hooliganism motivated by enmity toward a religious group and disturbing the social order.\r\n\r\nI have an obvious message for these three women (aged 22, 23 and 29 respectively at the time of the events): If you don\u2019t want to go to jail don\u2019t enact hateful criminal protests. Let me put it this way: What if several conservative Christians visited whatever dive they \u201cperform\u201d at and carried out a mocking, hostile rant against them and their ilk? They\u2019d be incensed and immediately put a stop to it, not to mention press charges to prevent it from happening again.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of \u201cperforming,\u201d the girls\u2019 music is laughably trite punk ditties. Separated from the political hype, their cacophonies wouldn\u2019t register even a blip on the punk/rock/metal barometer. \r\n\r\nA couple of the females are asked what they\u2019re protesting against and one of them says they\u2019re objecting to the (supposed) Russian expectation of women to have babies and do little else in society. But (1.) no one\u2019s forcing her or anyone else to have babies and (2.) the movie itself shows women in all kinds of significant professions in Russia, including two judges, a prominent lawyer and police officers. It\u2019s a classic case of rebel without a cause. If they don\u2019t like Putin, fine, vote against him and look into becoming a politician. If you don\u2019t like the conservative sway in current Russian culture, then do your part to respectfully influence society to your point of view, which would include offering a positive example of your (supposedly superior) belief system. \r\n\r\nInstead, these women opted for outrageous acts in their 3-year protest against the Russian government, culminating in the sacrilegious incident at the Russian Orthodox cathedral: They stuck poultry up their you-know-whats in supermarkets, spray-painted vulgar graffiti on bridges, staged an unbelievable public orgy at a museum when Nadya was eight-months pregnant, which is actually shown in the movie for like 10 seconds (two clips). Seriously? In response, Putin expressed \u201cI\u2019m surprised they weren\u2019t arrested prior to this.\u201d So am I. \r\n\r\nThe flick is evenhanded in that it lacks a biased narration and simply shows the actual footage, translating the Russian verbiage into English, with a smattering of interviews with parents, husbands and whoever. It\u2019s a fascinating documentary in that it reveals modern Russian culture, its predominant values and lunatic fringe. I was surprised to observe that the elder disciples of the Russian Orthodox Church resemble formidable American bikers more than anything else. \r\n\r\nDespite these positives, I\u2019m not giving the film a higher rating because it foolishly sides with the girls. Which is baffling since anyone with a modicum of common sense can see that they got precisely what their doofus behavior deserved. If a group of conservatives in America did what these women did, but enacted toward liberal people & institutions, they\u2019d be lambasted by the lamestream media and imprisoned for years for hooligan hate crimes. Of course loony libertines are notorious for their hypocritical double standards.                                \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 28 minutes.   \r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [133823, 41973, 355177, 41276]}