{"tmdb_id": 159258, "title": "Good Luck, Sweetheart", "original_title": "Boa Sorte, Meu Amor", "slug_title": "good-luck-sweetheart", "date": "2012-11-07", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dirceu, 30 years old, has origins that go back to the aristocracy of Northeast Brazilian backlands. Settled in a kind of subjective amnesia, Dirceu tries to bury his family's past. He is a demolition man in Recife, an urban landscape undergoing an uncontrolled process of transformation. Maria shares the same country origins, but she uses the city for a different purpose. She is a carefree and joyful music student. If Dirceu aspires to a world that is stable and present, Maria lives in discord with the present. To her, nothing is as it should be. Maria's apparition unleashes in Dirceu an urge for being somebody else. On a route of escape through the desert of the backlands, a unique encounter is set to happen. Boa sorte, meu amor (Good luck, sweetheart) is an anti-romance of the impact between music and silence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/37AAbBtiBv1mhY9MbRVZ6t46Qt4.jpg", "actors": ["Vinicius Zinn (Dirceu)", "Christiana Ubach (Maria)", "Rog\u00e9rio Trindade (Pai de Dirceu)", "Maeve Jinkings (Juliana)", "Carlo Mossy (Pai de Maria)", "Jr. Black (Rafael)", "Marku Ribas (Pastor)", "J\u00falio Rocha (Doutor)", "Sandra Possani (M\u00e3e de Maria)", "Zezita Matos (Empregada da Fam\u00edlia)", "Bianca Muller (Amante)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}