{"tmdb_id": 159344, "title": "Gold", "original_title": "Gold", "slug_title": "gold", "date": "2013-02-09", "genre": "Aventure / Drame / Western", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Canada, \u00e9t\u00e9 1898. En pleine Ru\u00e9e vers l'Or du Klondike, Emily Meyer rejoint un groupe d'immigr\u00e9s allemands pour entamer une chevauch\u00e9e p\u00e9rilleuse \u00e0 la recherche du pr\u00e9cieux minerai. Anim\u00e9s par l'espoir d'une vie meilleure, Emily et son \u00e9quipage s\u2019enfoncent au c\u0153ur des grands espaces canadiens.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7FJX5P2OdVIc9QjUjcJp1QfeYbM.jpg", "actors": ["Nina Hoss (Emily Meyer)", "Lars Rudolph (Joseph Rossmann)", "Uwe Bohm (Gustav M\u00fcller)", "Marko Mandi\u010d (Carl B\u00f6hmer)", "Peter Kurth (Wilhelm Laser)", "Wolfgang Packh\u00e4user (Otto Dietz)", "Rosa Enskat (Maria Dietz)", "Kindall Charters (First Indian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Gritty hardships of traveling in the Far North during the Klondike Gold Rush\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2013 and written & directed by Thomas Arslan, \"Gold\u201d covers events in 1898 when a single woman (Nina Hoss) joins a small group of other prospectors heading north through Canada to the Klondike gold fields near Dawson City. Their numbers dwindle as they face challenging hardships.\r\n\r\nMy title blurb says it all. Just as \u201cMeek\u2019s Cutoff\u201d (2010) covered the adversities of traveling in the late 1800s on an alternative route of the Oregon Trail and \u201cThe Homesman\u201d (2014) covered journeying from western Nebraska to Iowa, so \u201cGold\u201d features the challenges of traveling from Ashcroft, BC, where the train tracks end, to Dawson City in the Yukon territories. \r\n\r\nNeedless to say, \u201cGold\u201d favors gritty realism to conventional Western staples. Still, there are Indians, Old West boom towns, covered wagons, a possible hanging, alcohol and a believable shootout. I think it\u2019s a little more compelling than those other two flicks, although those are worthwhile too if you favor mundane accounts of arduous travel in the Old West. If you\u2019d like to see a more eventful old-fashioned Western covering similar terrain, check out \u201cThe Far Country\u201d (1954) with Jimmy Stewart.  \r\n\r\nI suppose the movie should've contained at least one rain sequence, particularly considering it takes place in the Great Northwest. But shooting in the rain is challenging & costly so the viewer is asked to read in-between-the-lines that they experienced rainy days. The film never shows any of the characters 'going to the bathroom' either, but we're to assume it happened.\r\n\r\nA German/Canadian production, THE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 41 minutes and was shot in British Columbia, Canada. At least half the dialogue is in German with English subtitles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [158455, 255482, 63064, 70928]}