{"tmdb_id": 159469, "title": "From This Day Forward", "original_title": "From This Day Forward", "slug_title": "from-this-day-forward", "date": "1946-03-02", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Guerre", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jONrDK5DyCi9u10VyTBdSTjnQSE.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Fontaine (Susan Cummings)", "Mark Stevens (Bill Cummings)", "Rosemary DeCamp (Martha Beesley)", "Harry Morgan (Hank Beesley)", "Wally Brown (Jake Beesley)", "Arline Judge (Margie Beesley)", "Renny McEvoy (Charlie Beesley)", "Bobby Driscoll (Timmy Beesley)", "Mary Treen (Alice Beesley)", "Queenie Smith (Mrs. Beesley)", "Doreen McCann (Barbara Beesley)", "Erskine Sanford (Mr. Higgler)", "Carol Forman (Counselor in Unemployment Office)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All Brides are Beautiful.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrom This Day Forward is directed by John Berry and adapted to screenplay by Garson Kanin and Hugo Butler from the novel All Brides are Beautiful written by Thomas Bell. It stars Joan Fontaine, Mark Stevens, Rosemary DeCamp, Harry Morgan, Wally Brown, Arline Judge and Renny McEvoy. Music is by Leigh Harline and cinematography by George Barnes.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nRom-Dram that finds Stevens and Fontaine as a young couple struggling with the perils and optimism of post-war life. Story unfolds in flashback as Stevens reminisces about how he met Fontaine and their subsequent courtship that was fraught with uncertainty about what the future had in store. The Depression bites hard and Stevens finds himself a kept man as Fontaine\u2019s wages has to cover for the both of them. It\u2019s a pretty simple fable, but one of romantic hope in times of hardship, Stevens and Fontaine are good together, if a little miscast considering the themes at work in the screenplay. Popular with audiences back in 1946, its escapism factor would have been a huge pull, it is however now something of an antiquated sitting, a laborious picture that sort of just exists as a time-capsule piece. Approach with caution. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}