{"tmdb_id": 159682, "title": "Kohlhaas or the Proportionality of Means", "original_title": "Kohlhaas oder die Verh\u00e4ltnism\u00e4\u00dfigkeit der Mittel", "slug_title": "kohlhaas-or-the-proportionality-of-means", "date": "2013-01-19", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Deep in the Bavarian countryside Kleist\u2019s historical drama Michael Kohlhaas is being shot. But instead of shooting a huge epic with impressive costumes and extraordinary props, grown-up men in suits fight with imaginary weapons. What has happened? Young director Lehman is fighting for his film, although all funds have been canceled. He\u2019s convinced that the actor\u2019s play and the fantasy of the audience will be sufficient. He fights for his vision as much as Kleist\u2019s Kohlhaas fights for his rights. This film has to be finished. Whatever may come. Even if he has to go too far.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rszjHiDJiwa4k8btG4JDt7rZkrn.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Gwisdek (Lehmann)", "Jan Messutat (Kohlhaas)", "Thorsten Merten (Herse)", "Rosalie Thomass (Lisbeth)", "Michael Fuith (Heinrich)", "Heiko Pinkowski (Rainer)", "Peter Trabner (Roman)", "Luise L\u00e4hnemann (Marianne)", "Eckhard Greiner (Hubel)", "Nico Jilka (Bauer)", "Anton Gruber (Regieassistent)", "Bernd Frisch (Bernhard)", "Alexander Schmidt (Alex)", "Matthias Ransberger (Schauspieler Tronka)", "Caroline Rabe (Klara)", "Otto Philipp Christ (Peter)", "Peter R\u00f6del-Klieber (Peter (Double))", "Christian Lex (Pferdeh\u00e4ndler)", "Alexander Wei\u00df (G\u00fcnther)", "Hermann Greiner (Klaus)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}