{"tmdb_id": 159667, "title": "Molly Maxwell", "original_title": "Molly Maxwell", "slug_title": "molly-maxwell", "date": "2013-01-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "At Phoenix Progressive School, students take notes lying on parlor couches and are encouraged to explore their gifts through electives like break-dancing and graphic-novel writing. In the midst of all this liberal pedagogy and budding talent, Molly Maxwell feels unexceptional, until she embarks on a photography independent study under the tutelage of her attractive English teacher, Ben. Their relationship quickly evolves beyond the darkroom, introducing Molly to the throes of a first love, and putting Ben\u2019s job in jeopardy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g2gihO47mTbgwKSKS9V4eLTWqR0.jpg", "actors": ["Lola Tash (Molly Maxwell)", "Charlie Carrick (Ben Carter)", "Krista Bridges (Marilyn Maxwell)", "Rob Stewart (Evan Maxwell)", "Richard Clarkin (Raymond)", "Brooke Palsson (Caitlin)", "A.K. Shand (Gala)", "Nicholas Bode (Aiden Maxwell)", "Lucy Gervais (Alicia)", "Cory Lee (Jordan)", "Alex Ozerov (Starr)", "Shankar Ravindram (Dexter)", "Bob Kerr (Police Officer)", "Brendee Green (Heidi)", "Miles Faber (Breakdance Teacher)", "Antonio Cayonne (Bartender)", "Inessa Frantowski (Gynecologist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It's the same all teenagers love and sexual curiosity.**\r\n\r\nIt's a little surprise film. The theme was a bit inappropriate, but there's nothing seriously offensive in the narration in the name of art and everything was explained loud and clear. Especially the way it ended seems the best one from any angle. If you are a parent, that too for a teenager, you will get it. So this is the story of the 16 year old girl Molly, who attends a progressive school. Her new undertaking is the photography which is guided by her English teacher whom she develops a crush. Since teacher-student should not involve in any kind of close relationship, their's attraction to each other will be tested. But how it will be dealt was focused on the remains.\r\n\r\nI really kind of liked it. Though this is not the first time in a film to focus on an affair between a teacher and his student. But, how nicely and properly portrayed that issue was the highlight in this. There are no familiar faces, maybe because it is a Canadian film. It was a simple story, so no extraordinary performances, but I liked the girl in the title role. The first feature film for the director and he also wrote the screenplay. Overall a decent film, but a great indie. You should check it out if you are convinced with what I said so far. So I say go for it.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334893, 62984, 34128, 18273], "youtube_key": "HKvTV8acLbA"}