{"tmdb_id": 15982, "title": "The Legend of Billie Jean", "original_title": "The Legend of Billie Jean", "slug_title": "the-legend-of-billie-jean", "date": "1985-07-19", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Average Texas teen, Billie Jean Davy, is caught up in an odd fight for justice. She is usually followed and harrased around by local boys, who, one day, decide to trash her brother's scooter for fun. The boys' father refuses to pay them back the price of the scooter. The fight for \"fair is fair\" takes the teens around the state and produces an unlikely hero.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/auRbZDruB9q40ibPURjWZnqVpRz.jpg", "actors": ["Helen Slater (Billie Jean Davy)", "Christian Slater (Binx Davy)", "Yeardley Smith (Putter)", "Martha Gehman (Ophelia)", "Peter Coyote (Lt. Larry Ringwald)", "Dean Stockwell (Muldaur)", "Barry Tubb (Hubie Pyatt)", "Richard Bradford (Pyatt)", "Mona Lee Fultz (Donna Davy)", "Keith Gordon (Lloyd Muldaur)", "Caroline Williams (Woman in Pickup)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Just kill Binx and problem solved\r\n\r\nA blonde teen from Gulf Coast Texas named Billie Jean and her little brother, Binx (Helen Slater and Christian Slater), become outlaw fugitives after a mishap. Two other girls go on the lam with them wherein Billie Jean cuts her hair and, unexpectedly, becomes a cultural sensation. Keith Gordon, Peter Coyote and Dean Stockwell have peripheral roles.\r\n\r\nBeing released in 1985, the movie screams mid-80\u2019s on every front. The soundtrack, for instance, includes cuts like \u201cInvincible\u201d by Pat Benatar and \u201cRebel Yell\u201d by Billy Idol. The first act is interesting enough but the movie somehow peters out. Helen is winsome as the protagonist, but not curvy enough to hold my interest whereas Christian, who was 15 years-old during shooting, plays his role well, but his character, Binx, is just an annoying loser who seems to always do the wrong thing. If someone just mercifully shot him at the beginning there would be no problem and no film.\r\n\r\nWhile this one should be filed under subpar 80\u2019s teen flicks, it has a few points of interest to make it worthwhile to certain viewers.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 36 minutes and was shot in Corpus Christi, Texas, and nearby areas (e.g. Padre Island National Seashore); the closing Vermont sequence was shot in Colorado and obviously so.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [24548, 27969, 53287, 56385], "youtube_key": "notfound"}