{"tmdb_id": 159824, "title": "H\u00f4tel Transylvanie 2", "original_title": "Hotel Transylvania 2", "slug_title": "hotel-transylvanie-2", "date": "2015-09-21", "genre": ["Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dracula est dor\u00e9navant grand-p\u00e8re et est bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 initier son petit gar\u00e7on \u00e0 la crini\u00e8re rousse aux rudiments du monde de l'\u00e9pouvante. Bien s\u00fbr, rien ne va se passer comme pr\u00e9vu pour notre dr\u00f4lissime vampire et sa bande de monstres : Frankenstein, la Momie, l'Homme invisible, le Loup-garou et le Blob...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cFQHMUmxaO3PEDo5lxuQC8MCRIH.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Dracula (voice))", "Andy Samberg (Jonathan (voice))", "Selena Gomez (Mavis (voice))", "Kevin James (Frank / Frankenstein (voice))", "Steve Buscemi (Wayne (voice))", "David Spade (Griffin (voice))", "Keegan-Michael Key (Murray (voice))", "Asher Blinkoff (Dennis (voice))", "Fran Drescher (Eunice (voice))", "Molly Shannon (Wanda (voice))", "Megan Mullally (Linda (voice))", "Nick Offerman (Mike (voice))", "Dana Carvey (Dana (voice))", "Rob Riggle (Bela (voice))", "Mel Brooks (Vlad (voice))", "Jonny Solomon (Blobby (voice))", "Chris Kattan (Kakie (voice))", "Sadie Sandler (Winnie (voice))", "Sunny Sandler (Baby Dennis (voice))", "Jon Lovitz (The Phantom of the Opera (voice))", "Robert Smigel (Marty (voice))", "Ava Acres (Additional Voices (voice))", "Cole Sand (Additional Voices (voice))", "Rose Abdoo (Ticket Agent (voice))", "Luenell (Shrunken Heads (voice))", "Jared Sandler (Tourist Driver (voice))", "Melissa Sturm (Jogger #1 / Tourist Passenger / Caren (voice))", "Paul Brittain (Pandragora (voice))", "Nick Swardson (Kelsey (voice))", "Chris Parnell (Fly (voice))", "Allen Covert (Candle Cake Monster (voice))", "Stephen Apostolina (Additional Voices (voice))", "Brian T. Delaney (Additional Voices (voice))", "Aaron LaPlante (Additional Voices (voice))", "Steve Blum (Additional Voices (voice))", "Melendy Britt (Additional Voices (voice))", "David Cowgill (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jessica Gee-George (Additional Voices (voice))", "Grant George (Additional Voices (voice))", "Nicholas Guest (Additional Voices (voice))", "Todd Haberkorn (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jess Harnell (Additional Voices (voice))", "Bridget Hoffman (Additional Voices (voice))", "Lex Lang (Additional Voices (voice))", "Mona Marshall (Additional Voices (voice))", "Joseph Sanfelippo (Additional Voices (voice))", "Kirk Thornton (Additional Voices (voice))", "Matthew Wolf (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It's vampa time!\r\n\r\nFrankly, I was not thinking of writing a review for this. You know, some animated movies come and go unnoticed, so I believed it would be one of those. In fact, I did not like the first film much, that is the reason to watch it so delayedly and with a minimum expectation. Better late than never, well, I regret for viewing it so late. One of the best animation of 2015, maybe in the top 10 or 15.\r\n\r\nWell, it was a one liner, like, the daughter wants to move to the human social world thinking that might do good for her son's future. But her father plan to stop her getting away from him and the hotel. So those attempts are the rest of the movie. I liked the movie very much because it was very funny, especially the lines were and its accent, Adam Sandler nailed it.\r\n\r\nI have said millions of times that I don't know why Americans and critics hate Adam Sandler that much, I don't know about the rest of the world but I kind of like his films. The last few films like 'The Cobbler', 'Pixel', 'Men, Women & Children' and this one were so much better. It did not bring the old Sandler, but brought us a different and new Sandler on screen. He was definitely the main reason for this film's success.\r\n\r\nDon't just a book by its cover, well, here the cover is the previous installment. The first part was not a must see IMPO, but this is especially for the animated movie fans. PG rated movie, but still it might scare mildly for below 8 kids, only because of the theme. I had a great time with it and expecting it to do the same impact on you as well. And I can't predict the third will be as lucky as this one, lets wait and see.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [76492, 140300, 228161, 109451], "youtube_key": "T3nqmGgnJe8"}