{"tmdb_id": 16093, "title": "Le carnaval des \u00e2mes", "original_title": "Carnival of Souls", "slug_title": "le-carnaval-des-ames", "date": "1962-09-26", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Lors d'une course de voiture innocente, qui s'inscrit dans un jeu de s\u00e9duction entre trois gar\u00e7ons et trois filles, ces derni\u00e8res, arriv\u00e9es sur un pont, perdent le contr\u00f4le de leur v\u00e9hicule qui sombre dans des eaux profondes et boueuses. A leur arriv\u00e9e, la police doute m\u00eame de pouvoir retrouver la voiture et les corps, mais, contre toute attente, Mary Henry \u00e9merge des eaux, en \u00e9tat de choc et sans aucun souvenir de l'accident. Sans faire montre d'aucune \u00e9motion, elle reprend sa route vers Salt Lake City o\u00f9 elle se fait engager comme organiste dans une \u00e9glise. Mais depuis son accident, elle est victime de visions et poursuivie par l'image fantomatique d'un homme en costume noir...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AdbQsFB8pS090l0NO3uBtLZy2zw.jpg", "actors": ["Candace Hilligoss (Mary Henry)", "Frances Feist (Mrs. Thomas the Landlady)", "Sidney Berger (John Linden)", "Art Ellison (Minister)", "Stan Levitt (Dr. Samuels)", "Tom McGinnis (Organ Factory Boss)", "Forbes Caldwell (Organ Factory Worker)", "Dan Palmquist (Gas Station Attendant)", "Bill de Jarnette (Mechanic)", "Steve Boozer (Chip the Man at Juke Box)", "Pamela Ballard (Dress Sales Lady)", "Larry Sneegas (Drag Racer)", "Cari Conboy (Lake Zombie)", "Karen Pyles (Dress Store Customer)", "T.C. Adams (Dancing Zombie)", "Sharon Scoville (Mary's Girlfriend)", "Mary Ann Harris (Mary's Girlfriend)", "Peter Schnitzler (A Walking Corpse)", "Bill Sollner (Lake Zombie)", "Reza Badiyi (Bus Ticket Customer (uncredited))", "Ed Down (Man at Bridge (uncredited))", "Herk Harvey ('The Man' (uncredited))", "Wayne Shmille (Sheriff at Bridge (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We open with a car crash...\r\n\r\nMary and her two friends leave the road and fly off a bridge during a friendly dragster race. She is the only survivor and after her recovery she takes up a job as the church organist in a new town, but she is constantly blighted by a ghostly like visitor and periods of time when nobody seems to know she exists.\r\n\r\nA hinted spoiler follows.\r\n\r\nCarnival Of Souls has thankfully found a whole new audience in the new millennium, the advent of cheap triple pack DVDs and a lush Criterion release have brought it firmly to the attention of Horror/Ghost fans who were not aware that the film even existed. That said, there is no doubting that many big name directors were fully aware of it, tho, for Carnival Of Souls has influenced such luminary genre masters from Romero to Carpenter, and from Hooper to Shyamalan, be it the low budget DIY ethic, or its now genre staple twist ending, it's a film (along with it's director Herk Harvey) that is referenced as much as it is copied.\r\n\r\nThe tag often used for the film is that it's an elongated Twilight Zone episode, and sure enough I think that is a perfect fit. Its whole structure feels like a part of that wonderful and amazing Rod Serling show, and for sure this story owes a doff of the cap to An Occurrence At Owl Creek Bridge (an Ambrose Bierce short that was reworked and used on Serling's show), but to merely suggest a retread of a previously used idea would be very unfair. Carnival Of Souls is full of eerie sequences that are dream like in quality yet goose pimply in effect. Scored at frequent intervals by a jangling organ shrill, the ghostly phantoms that plague poor Mary actually bring a shiver to the spine; while a surrealistic dance of the carnival is a stunning eerie highlight. It's a wonderfully brought together story that has one pondering uneasily from the get go, managing to jolt your senses adroitly with a very special ending.\r\n\r\nWith a small budget of only $30,000 and a cast of friends, Herk Harvey crafted one of the best independent horror sub-genre films ever made. Don't believe me? Then go ask Romero, Raimi or Hooper. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16372, 13581, 11772, 31417], "youtube_key": "w81n8BUWixM"}