{"tmdb_id": 160984, "title": "Don't Be Afraid, I'm with You", "original_title": "Qorxma, m\u0259n s\u0259ninl\u0259y\u0259m", "slug_title": "don-t-be-afraid-i-m-with-you", "date": "1981-06-29", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Aventure / Musique / Familial"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The story developed during XX century in Russian empire, Azerbaijan. Two circus actors Rustam and his friend San Sanich travel to a village where Rustam was born after long years of absence, to burry his aunt. After burring his aunt, friends decide to stay in her house for couple of days. A local wealthy inhabitant of the village Farzali bek, is looking for oil, and finds out that the land which now officially owned by Rustam might have some oil repositories. He learns that Rustam is back and wants to take him out, to put his hands on valuable land. A young theater singer Teymur is in love with Farzali bey's beautiful daughter, Telli, but has nothing to offer to marry her. Yet he decides to speak with her father. While planning to \"sell\" his daughter to one of other wealthy bey's son, Farzali bey still promises that if Teymur will kill Rustam, he will let Telli marry him. Rustam and his friend San Sanich defend Teymur, but after talking to him become friends. They decide to help ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rDkvPQZsYOHbAXR4kilcfLtxhsZ.jpg", "actors": ["Lev Durov (San Sanich)", "Hamida Omarova (Telli)", "Sergei Yursky (Chief of Police)", "Mukhtarbey Kantemirov (Rustam)", "Polad Bulbuloghlu (Teymur)", "Hasanagha Turabov (Three-Eyed Jafar)", "Mirza Babayev (Farzali bey)", "Aleksandr Sharovski (Petrov)", "Mukhtar Maniyev (Prisoner)", "Abbas Kazimov ()", "Kazim Abdullayev (Mammad)", "Konstantin Artyomov ()", "Yusif Alizadeh ()", "Mustafa Suleymanov ()", "Nizami Musayev (Prisoner)", "Rashid Mahmudzadeh ()", "Ramiz Novruzov ()", "Aligulu Samadov ()", "Valeri Karimov ()", "Susan Majidova (Nanny)", "Ramiz Mammadov ()", "Mammad Majidov ()", "Abdul Mahmudov ()", "Valiahd Valiyev ()", "Elkhan Aghahuseynoghlu (Flower seller)", "Nasiba Zeynalova (Mardan's Mother)", "Cahangir Novruzov (Mardan)", "Alakbar Muradov ()", "Zilli Namazov ()", "Sofya Basirzadeh ()", "Sadig Huseynov (Mardan's Father)", "Tariyel Gasimov ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}