{"tmdb_id": 161460, "title": "Les Baroudeurs", "original_title": "You Can't Win 'Em All", "slug_title": "les-baroudeurs", "date": "1970-07-23", "genre": ["Guerre / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Deux aventuriers s'associent pour transporter un tresor a travers la Turquie en proie a la guerre civile.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9UpUnDRY2N7tRemlFv2Hq8PWVs8.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Curtis (Adam Dyer)", "Charles Bronson (Josh Corey)", "Mich\u00e8le Mercier (Aila)", "Patrick Magee (The General - Ataturk)", "Gr\u00e9goire Aslan (Osman Bey)", "Fikret Hakan (Colonel Elci)", "Horst Janson (Wollen)", "Leo Gordon (Bolek)", "John Alderson (U.S. Army Major)", "Tony Bonner (Reese)", "John Acheson (Davis)", "Salih G\u00fcney (Capt. Enver)", "Y\u00fcksel G\u00f6zen (Papadopoulos)", "M\u00fcmtaz Alpaslan ()", "Roger Delgado (Capt. Enver (uncredited) (voice))", "Paul Stassino (Gunner Major)", "Nikki Van der Zyl (Aila (uncredited) (voice))", "Robert Rietti (Col. Enci (uncredited) (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well. You know what they say? It\u2019s a short life at best.\r\n\r\nYou Can\u2019t Win \u2018Em All (AKA: Soldiers of Fortune/The Dubious Patriots) is directed by Peter Collinson and written by Leo Gordon. It stars Tony Curtis, Charles Bronson, Michele Mercier, Fikret Hakan, Leo Gordon and Salih Guney. Music is by Bert Kaempfert and cinematography by Kenneth Higgins.\r\n\r\n1922 and the Greco-Turkish War is coming to a close, and two soldiers of fortune meet and find themselves on a deadly mission that will either make them rich, get them killed or something else entirely\u2026\r\n\r\nMarauding machismo under the burning Turkey sun, You Can\u2019t Win \u2018Em All is good on intentions and two fisted action quotas. That the script is poor is a shame, because although it\u2019s hardly grade \u201cA\u201d as an actioner, it is a whole bunch of fun and Curtis and Bronson are great company to be in.\r\n\r\nCollinson constructs the action in a competent manner as he fills out the plot with gunfire, explosions, barroom brawls, biplane attacks, speeding train, foxy women and a picturesque location. Bronson gets to flex his muscles while Curtis deals out the quips, and the narrative has the two men spun into a world of double crosses, bluffs and dubious motives. Their chemistry is solid, they make for a good buddy-buddy pairing.\r\n\r\nWeak on the page for sure, but enough guts, gusto and grins to ensure it\u2019s worth spending the time with. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [94135, 14708, 73449, 6587], "youtube_key": "notfound"}