{"tmdb_id": 16174, "title": "La reine des neiges", "original_title": "Snow Queen", "slug_title": "la-reine-des-neiges", "date": "2002-01-04", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Fantastique / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Depuis que sa m\u00e8re a \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9e morte dans la neige alors qu'elle n'avait que 8 ans, Gerda d\u00e9teste l'hiver et reste inconsolable, tout comme son p\u00e8re Wolfgang. Celui-ci, qui tient un h\u00f4tel, engage le jeune Kai comme groom. Bient\u00f4t, Gerda et Kai tombent amoureux, et la jeune fille se sent revivre. Mais un soir, Kai re\u00e7oit un \u00e9clat de glace dans l'\u0153il. Il devient alors distant et m\u00e9prisant. Une femme myst\u00e9rieuse arrive \u00e0 l'h\u00f4tel et enl\u00e8ve Kai, qui n'oppose gu\u00e8re de r\u00e9sistance. Gerda part \u00e0 sa recherche...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6FdFNSMuSAk4e88toGK8YIAgMYe.jpg", "actors": ["Bridget Fonda (H\u00f3kir\u00e1lyn\u0151)", "Chelsea Hobbs (Gerda)", "Jeremy Guilbaut (Kai)", "Robert Wisden (Wolfgang)", "Jennifer Cl\u00e9ment (Tavaszi Boszork\u00e1ny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Uneven Hallmark fantasy notable as Bridget Fonda\u2019s last film***\r\n\r\nIn the late 1800s the daughter (Chelsea Hobbs) of a hotel owner in a town in the Great Northwest becomes enamored with the bellboy, Kai (Jeremy Guilbaut). When an icy-but-beautiful woman known as the Snow Queen (Bridget Fonda) whisks him away, Gerda (Hobbs) seeks to find him & free him after she amazingly enters the parallel realm of the Snow Queen. But, first, she has to struggle through Spring, Summer and Autumn and the challenges thereof.\r\n\r\n\"Snow Queen\" (2002) is a Hallmark production that runs 12 minutes shy of 3 hours and was based on the original fairy tale written by Danish author Hans Christian Andersen, which was first published in two parts in 1844-1845. Elements from another folktale about the four seasons were mixed into the brew.\r\n\r\nThis is an Americanized version of the fairy tale with the events taking place somewhere out West in the USA or Canada, both of which are (North) America. The film was shot in British Columbia and takes place there or anywhere in the Great Northwest in the late 1800s (or early 1900s). It definitely doesn\u2019t take place in Denmark since (1) there are snowcapped mountains in the background and (2) everyone speaks English. I suppose someone could argue that it takes place in either Norway or Sweden, but that doesn't resolve the English-speaking issue (unless you simply imagine the characters speaking a Scandinavian language).\r\n\r\nThe long movie\u2019s worth catching just to see Bridget in her last role before marrying notable composer Danny Elfman and starting a family. Hobbs doesn\u2019t personally trip my trigger, but she\u2019s a\u2019right. Guilbaut is bland, but serviceable. The movie comes alive whenever Fonda is present.\r\n\r\nMost of the first half is rooted in reality and is quite good for a TV production, but the mid-section focuses on Gerda\u2019s misadventures journeying through Spring, Summer and Autumn while Kai is captive in the Snow Queen\u2019s stronghold on top of a mountain guarded by a talking polar bear. The entire middle of the picture cuts back-and-forth between these two stories with a few sequences in reality thrown in for good measure, the latter involving the father at the hotel (Robert Wisden) and his cook, Minna (Wanda Cannon).\r\n\r\nIn Gerda\u2019s quest the characters come-and-go like a rollercoaster ride. It\u2019s reminiscent of the Neverland sequences in \u201cHook\u201d (1991). If you like fairy tales like \u201cSnow White and the Huntsman\u201d (2012) or episodic fantasies like \u201cThe Odyssey\u201d (1997), \u201cUlysses\u201d (1954) and \u201cThe Lords of the Rings\u201d trilogy (2001-2003) give this a look; just remember it was made on a TV budget and there\u2019s not a lot of swashbuckling, as with those other productions.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hour, 48 minutes and was shot entirely in British Columbia (Cranbrook, Fort Steele & Vancouver).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [166433, 19373, 44260, 53445], "youtube_key": "IEojXa6voVo"}