{"tmdb_id": 16180, "title": "La Maison des Damn\u00e9s", "original_title": "The Legend of Hell House", "slug_title": "la-maison-des-damnes", "date": "1973-06-15", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Afin de d\u00e9couvrir les myst\u00e8res de \"la maison des damn\u00e9s\", une \u00e9quipe compos\u00e9e d'un couple de physiciens, d'une m\u00e9dium et d'un survivant s'enferme pendant une semaine dans cette maison d'o\u00f9 l'on ressort soit mort, soit fou.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8HJVrW9ghN9sce4tSpLCubF18Gf.jpg", "actors": ["Pamela Franklin (Florence Tanner)", "Roddy McDowall (Benjamin Franklin Fischer)", "Clive Revill (Mr. (Lionel) Barrett)", "Gayle Hunnicutt (Ann Barrett)", "Roland Culver (Mr. (Rudolph) Deutsch)", "Peter Bowles (Hanley)", "Michael Gough (Emeric Belasco)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "May you find the answer that you seek. It is here, I promise you.\r\n\r\nThe Legend of Hell House is directed by John Hough and adapted to screenplay by Richard Matheson from his own novel Hell House. It stars Roddy McDowall, Pamela Franklin, Clive Revill and Gayle Hunnicutt. Music is by Electrophon Ltd and cinematography by Alan Hume.\r\n\r\nThe Belasco Mansion, the Mount Everest of Haunted Houses, a place where many have stayed and never made it out alive or escaped with sanity in tact. Now four more people are challenged to enter it and investigate if survival after death exists...\r\n\r\nIn many ways it is a film that has been unlucky over the years, for it has consistently been dogged with association with Robert Wise's similar themed, and excellent, The Haunting from 1963. Not only that but it was also released in the same year as The Exorcist, William Friedkin's behemoth that continues to cast a shadow over many a supernatural based horror movie. While the fact that it was \"toned down sexually\" from the book has proved to be irksome to some fans of Matheson's page turner. Oh definitely John Hough's film has a sturdy fan base and reputation, but it still comes under fire from first time viewers who will not judge it on its own terms. A shame because although it may indeed not be in the same league as The Haunting, or as sexually charged as the book, it does sit worthily in the top draw of haunted house pictures.\r\n\r\nThe back story to the house sets the scene. It was run as a place of complete debauchery, a sort of Buck Whaley and the Hellfire Club type of place, the master of ceremonies was the owner Emeric Balasco, a man with a fearsome reputation, that of a roaring giant. When one day the sins and violence overspill, all inside are finalised from the planet, only Belasco was never found, and ever since that day the house is believed to be haunted by numerous spirits. Enter our four protagonists (a physicist and his wife, a mental medium and a physical medium who was the sole survivor of the last Hell House carnage), who under a financially dangled carrot set about unearthing the truth. They are opposites in beliefs, and for the next 90 minutes they will be haunted whilst having their respective fears, desires and repressions born out.\r\n\r\nWhat unfolds is a lesson in how to get the maximum scary atmosphere with so little to hand. Following the brilliant example set by Robert Wise back in 63, special effects are kept to an absolute minimum as Hough lets our minds eye fill in the blanks. We don't need to see the horror up front, it's better when we can just feel or hear it. Little incidents help fuel the fire, a mad cat, a s\u00e9ance, ectoplasm (put a specimen in the jar please, ooh Matron), suspicious noises, eroticism and a little possession. The mansion itself is suitably eerie (exteriors are the wonderfully Gothic designed Wykehurst Place in Bolney, West Sussex) and drifting in and out of the story is Electrophon Ltd's rumbling sinister score. The direction is tight, the cast work exceptionally well to bear out the interpersonal conflicts before the final battle against the paranormal kills or defines them?\r\n\r\nWorking well as a haunted house spooker of some considerable substance, and intelligent and interesting with its themes of paranormal psychology and investigation of such, The Legend of Hell House is a classical supernatural thriller. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18196, 13549, 28801, 28498]}