{"tmdb_id": 162066, "title": "Muskurahat", "original_title": "Muskurahat", "slug_title": "muskurahat", "date": "", "genre": [""], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Gopichand Verma is a retired Judge of the Supreme Court of India. He re-locates to scenic Ooty and decides to live there in a palatial home. He has a cook/servant in Badriprasad Chaurasia. When Chaurasia wins a lottery, he quits, and Verma hires a woman by the name of Nandini in his place. He soon finds out that there is a mystery behind Nandini and her presence in his house, apart from the fact that she is mentally imbalanced. When he probes further, he finds that she is claiming to be his illegitimate daughter. He does accept her and decides to let her live there, but his wife, his son, his sister, his son-in-law, and daughter have other plans - for they have hired notorious hit-man Samar Khan to abduct and kill Nandini at any cost. Is Nandini really Verma's daughter? Why would the Verma family want her dead?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jUgrS7Ex3JECcUBe8MrricVtEdu.jpg", "actors": ["Jay Mehta (Pritam)", "Revathi (Nandini)", "Amrish Puri (Gopichand Verma)", "Anil Dhawan (Gopal Srivastava)", "Jagdeep (Badriprasad Chaurasia)", "Mahesh Anand (K.C.)", "Arif Khan (Verma's son)", "Uma Riyaz Khan (Verma's Daughter)", "Asha Sharma (Mrs. Gopichand Verma)", "Annu Kapoor (Jagan)", "Lalita Pawar (Laundry lady)", "Sharat Saxena (Samar Khan)", "Anju Mahendru (Mayadevi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}