{"tmdb_id": 1620, "title": "Hitman", "original_title": "Hitman", "slug_title": "hitman", "date": "2007-11-21", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Cr\u00e2ne ras\u00e9, code barre tatou\u00e9 sur la nuque, costume noir, chemise blanche et cravate rouge : l'agent 47 est le plus myst\u00e9rieux et le plus insaisissable des tueurs professionnels. R\u00e9put\u00e9 pour la minutie avec laquelle il va jusqu'au bout de ses missions, il ob\u00e9it toujours \u00e0 un protocole strict : extr\u00eame vigilance, extr\u00eame discr\u00e9tion et extr\u00eame soin apport\u00e9 \u00e0 l'ex\u00e9cution de ses contrats. Patience et d\u00e9termination sont ses deux armes de pr\u00e9dilection. Rien ne l'arr\u00eate. Sa signature : l'absence de preuves. Sa sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 : dispara\u00eetre sit\u00f4t sa mission accomplie. Un vrai fant\u00f4me, oblig\u00e9 de se d\u00e9couvrir le jour o\u00f9 Belicoff, candidat aux \u00e9lections russes, lui tend un pi\u00e8ge. Avec Interpol, les services secrets russes et trois tueurs de sa propre agence \u00e0 ses trousses, l'agent 47 est contraint de briser son propre protocole pour mener \u00e0 bien sa mission...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1U2FpMotSyaciATw5qfEsKdgpX4.jpg", "actors": ["Timothy Olyphant (Agent 47)", "Dougray Scott (Mike Whittier)", "Olga Kurylenko (Nika Boronina)", "Robert Knepper (Yuri Marklov)", "Ulrich Thomsen (Mikhail Belicoff)", "Henry Ian Cusick (Udre Belicoff)", "Michael Offei (Jenkins)", "Christian Erickson (General Kormarov)", "Eriq Ebouaney (Bwana Ovie)", "Joe Sheridan (Captain Gudnayev)", "James Faulkner (Smith Jamison)", "Jean-Marc Bellu (Hitman #2)", "Nicky Naud\u00e9 (Hitman #3)", "Abdou Sagna (Hitman #4)", "Ilya Nikitenko (Hitman #5)", "Lo\u00efc Molla (Hitman #6)", "Youssef Diawara (Hog-Tied Prisoner)", "Patrick Ligardes (Another Buyer)", "Anca Radici (The Sad Girl)", "Cyril Gue\u00ef (Old SUV Leader)", "Ivan Yurukov (Russian John)", "Vladimir Kolev (HRT Guy)", "Makssim Kolev Genchev (Yuri's Guy #3)", "Kamen Ivanov (Russian Captain)", "Stefka Yanorova-Trenfafilova (Belicoff's Wife)", "Yasmine Meddour (Belicoff's Daughter)", "Iosis Shamli (SWAT Team Leader #1)", "Desislava Bakardzhieva (Female News Reporter)", "Viktoria Dimova (Mike's Daughter - 8 Years)", "Emile Abossolo M'bo (General Ajunwa)", "Paul Bandey (Director MC Ray)", "Nikolay Valentinov Lukanov (Swanky Restaurant Waiter #1)", "Boiko Boyanov (SWAT Team Guy #3)", "Deyan Donkov (Russian EMT)", "Sabine Crossen (June)", "Assen Blatechki (FSB Driver)", "Dobrin Dosev (Clergyman)", "Vili Dimitrova (Terrified Maid)", "Anatoli Nechev (SWAT Team Guy #2)", "Blagovest Argirov (Swanky Restaurant Waiter #2)", "Nikolay Stoyanov Ilchev (Russian Soldier with Radio)", "Milko Marinov Milanov (Interpol Driver)", "Elvis Delannay (Leader Assistant)", "Dessislava Zidarova (Belicoff's Whore)", "Lisa Ray-Jacobs (Diana (voice))", "Atanas Srebrev (News Correspondent)", "Samantha Timmerman (Reporter #1)", "Borislav Parvanov (Young Agent 47)", "Velizar Binev (The Priest)", "Hristo Neykov Neykov (Video Game Player #1)", "Nicolay Milev (Video Game Player #2)", "David William James Elliott (Hank (uncredited))", "George Venev (Russian Soldier (uncredited))", "\u00d6zcan \u00d6zdemir (Salesman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I know, I know, this movie is rather superficial and simple. More effort has been spent on cool action than on depth of the story. Well, you know what? I do not care! I quite liked this movie. Agent 47 is cool and kicks ass. The bad guys gets plenty of ass whooping. The action is good. There is quite a lot of high tech and gadgets. What is there not to like?\n\nThe movie starts of with a quite cool sequence introducing Agent 47. I have to say that I got into quite a bit of \u201cwow\u201d mode right a way there. The movie continues with plenty of action sequences with just a wee bit of slowdown in between. Actually the first-half, at least, of the movie is pretty much one long chase.\n\nPerhaps I should point out that I have not played Hitman and do not really know what the original story is about. From a lot of the comments I have read it appears That this might be to my advantage when it comes to enjoying the movie.\n\nSome people are probably complaining about bad acting since Agent 47 do not really show much in terms of facial expressions or emotions. Well, news for you, he is not supposed to! He is supposed to be a cold emotionless killing machine so stop whining. Personally I found Agent 47 to be an excellent character. the re is on scene in particular that I liked where Agent 47 intentionally allows himself to be caught in a embassy. Once inside he, to no one in the audience surprise starts to tear the place apart. You have to see it to know what I mean.\n\nThe second part, or perhaps just the last third, of the movie turns into more of a search and destroy for Agent 47 and his new \u201cpartner\u201d. this part is of course as action filled as the first part of the movie. Naturally it all leads to a big show down between the Agent 47 & Co. The end itself did not really deliver any surprises but was satisfying.\n\nThe one thing in the movie that annoyed me was this subdermal armor stuff. The idea was not a too bad one but they really overplayed it. Come on! Just shoot him in the head or an eye or some other \u201csensitive\u201d part for Christ sake. Bulletproof my arse!\n\nI honestly do not understand the low rating this movie has received. 5.7 at IMDb is really a bit harsh. Rotten Tomatoes rating is, not very surprisingly, abysmal. Rotten Tomatoes and their \u201ccritics\u201d ratings must be the worst of any ratings site. When these dickwads rate down a movie, that\u2019s when I start to get interested. First step is to drill down into the real audience ratings which more often that not gives a different picture.\n\nAny way I digress. Bottom line is that, for me, this is a simple, straightforward, high octane action movie and I quite enjoyed it."}], "recommandations_id": [13051, 9335, 10483, 13387], "youtube_key": "XJhNzHyq-IE"}