{"tmdb_id": 16211, "title": "Les quatre fils de Katie Elder", "original_title": "The Sons of Katie Elder", "slug_title": "les-quatre-fils-de-katie-elder", "date": "1965-06-23", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Clearwater, au Texas, les quatre fils de Katie Elder se retrouvent pour les fun\u00e9railles de leur m\u00e8re. Ils d\u00e9couvrent que celle-ci vivait dans la pauvret\u00e9 et que leur p\u00e8re, assassin\u00e9, avait perdu aux cartes le ranch familial, au profit de Morgan Hastings. Les trois plus \u00e2g\u00e9s des Elder ont la g\u00e2chette facile, surtout l'a\u00een\u00e9 John, recherch\u00e9 par la loi. Le cadet, Bud, voudrait suivre leur \"exemple\", alors que sa m\u00e8re aurait souhait\u00e9 qu'il fasse des \u00e9tudes. Les circonstances de la cession du ranch familial restant obscures et Hastings ayant embauch\u00e9 un homme de main, Curley, pour \u00e9liminer John, l'affrontement devient in\u00e9vitable...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dGwKfXbpdz73GXR1nb6p6votnSS.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (John Elder)", "Dean Martin (Tom Elder)", "Martha Hyer (Mary Gordon)", "Michael Anderson Jr. (Bud Elder)", "Earl Holliman (Matt Elder)", "Jeremy Slate (Ben Latta)", "James Gregory (Morgan Hastings)", "Paul Fix (Sheriff Billy Wilson)", "George Kennedy (Curley)", "Dennis Hopper (Dave Hastings)", "Sheldon Allman (Harry Evers)", "John Litel (Minister)", "John Doucette (Henry Hyselman)", "James Westerfield (Mr. Vennar)", "Rhys Williams (Charlie Bob Striker)", "John Qualen (Charlie Biller)", "Rodolfo Acosta (Bondie Adams)", "Strother Martin (Ned Ross)", "Percy Helton (Mr. Peevey)", "Karl Swenson (Doc Isdell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Magnificent Four!\r\n\r\nJohn, Tom, Matt and Bud, these are the Elder boys, who upon meeting up at the funeral of their recently deceased mother, find that their father may have been murdered over a card game. The boys must cast off sibling rivalries and find out just what has been happening in their childhood town of Clearwater, Texas.\r\n\r\nUnfairly given harsh treatment upon its release by the critics and beset with behind the scenes problems, The Sons Of Katie Elder actually holds up rather well in this day and age. All the required traits are in the film to make it an oater of some worth, a splendid cast with as much macho beef as you can shake a stick at, a top Elmer Bernstein score, the wonderful use of the Casa Blanca location and a revenge driven plot of some note. So why is it hard to actually sell this picture to the staunch Western crowd? Well coming as it did in 1965 it certainly has something of a modern sheen to it, an uneasy bed fellow with the wild west theme of the picture. The casting of the brothers just about works, but Michael Anderson Jr (Bud) and Earl Holliman (Matt) do seem to be overawed by the presence of John Wayne (John) and Dean Martin (Tom), meaning as a foursome it never quite gets to being a tight acting unit. The length of the picture may also be an issue to some? Long periods of inaction work to me personally because the characters (family unit) are gaining much needed depth, but for those wanting guns a toting at frequent intervals are not exactly catered for.\r\n\r\nYet what action there is surely more than makes it worth the viewers patience? From the Duke swinging a nice piece of hickory to a wonderful riverside shootout, Henry Hathaway's Western is not found wanting for memorable sequences, in fact if you ask me then the mere sight of the Duke blasting away with a six shooter in each hand is a truly blood pumping joy, and don't get me started on a delightful Dean Martin scene as he raffles his glass eye! So all in all it's not without its itches, but as 60s Westerns go, The Sons Of Katie Elder is a hugely enjoyable picture to enjoy by the fireside on a Sunday afternoon. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [15263, 21717, 6644, 38765], "youtube_key": "rMuSaqYofOE"}