{"tmdb_id": 162145, "title": "The Liability", "original_title": "The Liability", "slug_title": "the-liability", "date": "2012-11-24", "genre": "Thriller / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune homme de 19 ans se retrouve embarqu\u00e9 malgr\u00e9 lui dans de sombres affaires et doit faire face \u00e0 un redoutable tueur \u00e0 gages, Roy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wpjO1o7dav8ZTPJg0CiuXL5C7DF.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Roth (Roy)", "Talulah Riley (The Girl)", "Jack O'Connell (Adam)", "Kierston Wareing (Nicky)", "Peter Mullan (Peter)", "Christopher Hatherall (Ivan)", "Clive Shaw (Snipper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A day with a hitman!\r\n\r\nA typical British dark comedy-thriller. I said that because I loves movies like 'Wild Target', 'I Hired a Contract Killer' and now this one. It gives the pleasure to enjoy those running and chasing and mistakes, sometimes very edgy. This is the story that happens within the 24 hours of a 19 year old carefree Adam. When takes-up the driving job to a hitman, he goes all sorts of difficulties and overcoming it is the remaining narration.\r\n\r\nRecently, Jack O'Connell is soaring high with the movies like 'Starred Up', '71' and three Academy Award nominee 'Unbroken'. I would say this film is the turning point in his career. In the earlier films he was merely hanging around with his roles, but he showed lots of promise with this one. Now he's the Britain's latest young sensation and Hollywood is showing interest in him. It's just a matter of time to grab his own spot there.\r\n\r\nIt is so sad that from the movie posters to promos are not enthralling and the online ratings for it is too low. But it was twice better than what do you see. Of course it was a slow start, but after the opening few minutes, it was completely a different movie and very entertaining. Obviously not a large budget movie, with a limited cast and a decent story, betters the quality that require to be a laudable product.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [107934, 173980, 399786, 95516]}