{"tmdb_id": 16227, "title": "Les Passagers de la nuit", "original_title": "Dark Passage", "slug_title": "les-passagers-de-la-nuit", "date": "1947-09-27", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Vincent Parry, condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 perp\u00e9tuit\u00e9 pour le meurtre de sa femme, s'\u00e9vade de prison. Sur son chemin, il croise Ir\u00e8ne Jansen, qui l'aide \u00e0 passer un barrage de police. La jeune artiste peintre qui a suivi le proc\u00e8s est convaincue que Vincent est innocent. Recherch\u00e9, Vincent d\u00e9cide dans un premier temps de fuir la ville avant d'avoir recours \u00e0 la chirurgie esth\u00e9tique. Muni d'un nouveau visage, Vincent entreprend de retrouver le coupable, mais les \u00e9v\u00e8nements vont encore lui \u00e9chapper...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dvwmiD6qQ05gojrFQRaFbdhbNDF.jpg", "actors": ["Humphrey Bogart (Vincent Parry)", "Lauren Bacall (Irene Jansen)", "Bruce Bennett (Bob)", "Agnes Moorehead (Madge Rapf)", "Tom D'Andrea (Cabby (Sam))", "Clifton Young (Baker)", "Douglas Kennedy (Detective Kennedy)", "Rory Mallinson (George Fellsinger)", "Houseley Stevenson (Dr. Walter Coley)", "Mary Field (Aunt Mary at Bus Station)", "John Arledge (Lonely Man at Bus Station)", "Vince Edwards (Cop at Tollbooth (uncredited))", "Leonard Bremen (Bus Ticket Clerk (uncredited))", "Paul Panzer (Bus Passenger (uncredited))", "Clancy Cooper (Man on Street Seeking Match (uncredited))", "Dudie Maschmeyer (Man (uncredited))", "Michael Daves (Michael (uncredited))", "Tom Fadden (Diner Counterman Serving Parry (uncredited))", "Ross Ford (Ross (uncredited))", "Ian MacDonald (Cop in Bus Depot (uncredited))", "Patrick McVey (Impatient Cabbie (uncredited))", "Ray Montgomery (Theatre Usher in Trailer (uncredited))", "Tom Reynolds (Hotel Clerk (uncredited))", "Ramon Ros (Waiter (uncredited))", "Shimen Ruskin (Driver Hitting Kennedy (uncredited))", "Anita Sharp-Bolster (Woman (uncredited))", "Jo Stafford (Singer (voice, uncredited))", "Richard Walsh (Policeman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dark Passage, light journey.\r\n\r\n*** This review may contain spoilers ***\r\n\r\nVincent Parry has been imprisoned in San Quentin for murdering his wife, he escapes at sets about clearing his name. After being picked up, and then hidden by Irene Jansen (who has followed his case closely), Parry gets a tip from a cab driver which leads him to an underground plastic surgeon. After being given a new face, Parry must keep away from the police and find out just who did in fact kill his wife?\r\n\r\nOK, so the plot isn't much to write home about, but the star appeal of the leads and a quite simply brilliant supporting performance lifts this noirish thriller way above average. Humphrey Bogart is Vincent Parry and Lauren Bacall is Irene Jansen, so it's with a tinge of sadness that Dark Passage is considered the weakest film of the four collaborations from the special duo. And though in plot and screenplay that may well be true, I maintain that the sexual chemistry here is as electric as it is in The Big Sleep. Has to be said, though, that both Bacall & Bogart are playing second fiddle to a waspish turn from Agnes Moorehead as Madge Rapf, she ups the ante and grabs the attention span when the film drifts close to a stand still.\r\n\r\nThe clever camera technique of viewing the events from Vincent's eyes works well for the first third of the film (we never see Vincent's face), but heavy with Bogarts' narration, this loses impact once Vincent gets his new face. The mysterious element to the plot doesn't quite get the jolt that it should because sadly we know it's Bogart from the off, So when the reveal comes about it just falls a little flat. Still, the film works as a more than serviceable thriller, with great acting and a very tidy turn of events in the ending make Dark Passage recommended viewing for noirish thriller fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11016, 27725, 22584, 14580], "youtube_key": "DaeoGJGTNGg"}