{"tmdb_id": 16248, "title": "D.A.R.Y.L.", "original_title": "D.A.R.Y.L.", "slug_title": "d-a-r-y-l", "date": "1985-06-14", "genre": ["Familial / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un accident impressionnant en pleine for\u00eat. Un jeune gar\u00e7on erre sur la route. Il s'appelle D.A.R.Y.L. et ne se souvient de rien. Joyce et Andy Richardson, d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9s de ne pas avoir d'enfant, le recueillent. Il s'\u00e9panouit dans ce foyer plein de chaleur et d'amour et profite des le\u00e7ons de son ami Turtle, qui lui apprend \u00e0 \u00eatre moins parfait, moins bon \u00e9l\u00e8ve et moins irr\u00e9prochable, bref \u00e0 ne plus \u00eatre humain. Ce qui n'est pas toujours simple ! Lorsque D.A.R.Y.L. devient un champion de base ball, c\u00e9l\u00e9br\u00e9 dans le journal local, ses vrais parents le retrouvent. Mais D.A.R.Y.L. veut de toutes ses forces rester avec Joyce et Andy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1YOIpiT5crUtdzruseCHTCPj5rg.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Beth Hurt (Joyce Richardson)", "Michael McKean (Andy Richardson)", "Barret Oliver (Daryl)", "Amy Linker (Sherie Lee Fox)", "Danny Corkill (Turtle)", "Colleen Camp (Elaine Fox)", "Josef Sommer (Dr. Jeffrey Stewart)", "Kathryn Walker (Dr. Ellen Lamb)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Olivergbyrne", "content": "This film is a nostalgia fest for me. Am I being a bit selfish to review a film when I am so connected to it , perhaps so I will try to put my love for the film aside and review it for what it is. This film is part of what I would call the Amblin generation of films (although it is not an Amblin film) because it came out in a decade full of wonderful family films (Goonies,Gremlins,Cocoon,Neverending story etc..) . It was a time when adults could watch a so called kids film and enjoy it as much as their rugrats. D.A.R.Y.L is a family drama with a dash of Sci-Fy , it is two film in one.A heart warming film for the first half and a children Sci Fy thriller in it's second half.These two different style works surprisingly well here. There is something so welcoming about the first half when young D.A.R.Y.L superbly played by child actor Barret Oliver is found in the middle of the wood and put into foster care as a test drive for a couple who desperately want to adopt a child. Here he meet his first friend , potty mouthed Turtle (Yeah he his called Turtle) and learn valuable lessons about how to relate to adults (The kid does not know a thing about being a son) There is just something so incredibly warm and fuzzy about the first half of the movie that makes it the perfect choice for a rainy Sunday afternoon.There is that 80's charm.It is also nice to basically watch a family that enjoy the little thing in life like baseball , Ice cream etc..The suburban setting his welcoming and the 80's vibe will bring as much memories to 80's kids as lets say \"The Andy Griffith Show\" does for children of the 50's. It was a simpler time and this film shows that. Barret Oliver as D.A.R.Y.L is a great main character , he his curious , oddly different and curiously smart...way too smart. The second half reveal something is different about D.A.R.Y.L and that is when the Sci-Fy elements kicks in. I am not going to say what it is just in case the person who is reading this know nothing about this film (The cover of the DVD reveals way too much unfortunately). This film is a great film for the all family.If you feel to escape the grim reality of life lol you could do far worse then putting this charming film on! I give D.A.R.Y.L a 8 out of 10."}], "recommandations_id": [18410, 13766, 18252, 26603], "youtube_key": "v6ziA2n1OT0"}