{"tmdb_id": 16250, "title": "\u00c0 la conqu\u00eate d'un c\u0153ur", "original_title": "Love Comes Softly", "slug_title": "a-la-conquete-d-un-coeur", "date": "2003-04-13", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Western"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Au terme d'un voyage \u00e9prouvant de presque un an, un couple de pionniers atteint la terre promise dont ils ont tant r\u00eav\u00e9. Mais au lendemain de leur arriv\u00e9e, Aaron meurt d'une chute de cheval. Tous les espoirs de bonheur de sa femme Marty sont brutalement an\u00e9antis et le pire reste \u00e0 venir, car l'hiver est proche. Elle rencontre Clark Davis, un fermier veuf d\u00e9j\u00e0 \u00e9tabli dans la r\u00e9gion, qui lui propose le mariage, un arrangement qui solutionnera leurs probl\u00e8mes. Ainsi elle aura un toit et un protecteur jusqu'au printemps, en contrepartie de quoi elle s'occupera de Missie, la fille de Clark. Peu avant les premi\u00e8res neiges, Marty annonce qu'elle attend un enfant d'Aaron. La naissance du b\u00e9b\u00e9, un gar\u00e7on, est v\u00e9cue comme un heureux \u00e9v\u00e9nement familial. Mais au retour des beaux jours, il est \u00e0 nouveau question du d\u00e9part de Marty. Mais le temps a mis en chacun des sentiments impr\u00e9vus et jusque-l\u00e0 non exprim\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3SMRYWV25pqBFjIKWgtHxZFJNyN.jpg", "actors": ["Katherine Heigl (Marty Claridge)", "Dale Midkiff (Clark Davis)", "Skye McCole Bartusiak (Missie Davis)", "Corbin Bernsen (Ben Graham)", "Theresa Russell (Sarah Graham)", "Oliver Macready (Aaron Claridge)", "Tiffany Amber Knight (Laura Graham)", "Nick Scoggin (Reverend Johnson)", "Rutanya Alda (Wanda Marshall)", "Jaimz Woolvett (Wagon Train Scout)", "Janet Rotblatt (Woman in Wagon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 1. The story of Marty: The beginning of the Love saga.\r\n\r\nThis was the Hallmark's production, a television movie series called Love saga. This is the first one in the 11 episodes, a long movie series. The first 8 are based on the books by Janette Oke and remaining 3 are not. Each chapter in the each film that briefs different stages of lives in the different timeline and characters. Its the dramatised romance stories in the times of the cowboy culture in the United States, but in the realistic approach. So in the next few days and/or weeks, my reviews are going to be sequels and prequels to this one.\r\n\r\nI haven't done this like since five years, after the 'Ernest' movies. I watched them one after another for weeks, that was a quite an experience apart from my likes and dislikes parts from that series. Watching all together in a short period of gap is better and gives an opportunity to follow the series easily than watching them one per year on the television. It is going to be a simple and short review, that's what I'm thinking to give. Okay then lets jump into the 'ocean of love' for a long swim.\r\n\r\nAs I said the first film in the eleven. Kicks off quite quickly with a tragic in the beginning. All about the present narrative, it does not let you know any past events except the characters talks about it in required parts which somehow allows the viewers to get it. I bet in the follow-ups we are going to know more about those, so I did not bother about the character developments in this pilot episode. Engaging story, but very-very simple and too short. A perfect television movie with some great acts and with the well blended background scores.\r\n\r\n> \"You know... Sometimes love isn't fireworks.\r\n> Sometimes love just comes softly.\"\r\n\r\nThe story is set in the middle of the 1800s. A young woman begins to narrate her story in the background. A journey of her life in a wagon wheel with her husband. All they have dreamt together is about to happen, but unexpectedly it all shatters like a tree struck by a lightning. Leaves misery behind to carry with clueless about what's coming up. It is about the time to face the Nature's challenge, so the decision must be made quickly to avoid the threat. All these happen within the first ten minutes, the actual story constructive unfolds in the following hour. That lets you know the meaning of the title.\r\n\r\nHaving Katherine Heigl on-board was the advantage for the movie to grab the attention of the television audience. In fact, it was one of her earlier movies in the career before she was getting very famous. I was interesting only after seeing her name in the cast. But everyone performed well in their roles. The whole story was told in the span of one rotation of the yearly season. As the seasons change how the characters as well refines and finds the life's pleasure from the new beginning.\r\n\r\nThere might be no large cast, but within its well managed to tell a beautiful tale that covers theme like faith, hope, dream and love. This kind of story suits for the reading, and might look short for a movie, but surprisingly a better movie than I anticipated. There's no second thought, it was a fine adaptation. I enjoyed it and I can't wait for the rest of the installments.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [20641, 30975, 49857, 21636], "youtube_key": "JFTsYgtGcwA"}