{"tmdb_id": 16315, "title": "Mort De Peur", "original_title": "Campfire Tales", "slug_title": "mort-de-peur", "date": "1997-05-16", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de jeunes touristes, coinc\u00e9s dans une for\u00eat \u00e0 la suite d'un accident de voiture, se raconte trois histoires effrayantes autour d'un feu, en attendant des secours.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fRoHjg43cZ5lJRPF6c95e2wS8dC.jpg", "actors": ["Jay R. Ferguson (Cliff (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Christine Taylor (Lauren (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Christopher Masterson (Eric (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Kim Murphy (Alex (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Ron Livingston (Rick (segment \"The Honeymoon\") / RV Driver (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Jennifer MacDonald (Valerie (segment \"The Honeymoon\") / RV Passenger (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Hawthorne James (Cole (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Alex McKenna (Amanda (segment \"People Can Lick Too\"))", "Devon Odessa (Katherine (segment \"People Can Lick Too\"))", "Jonathan Fuller ('Jessica' / Internet Man (segment \"People Can Lick Too\"))", "Glenn Quinn (Scott Anderson (segment \"The Locket\") / Paramedic #1 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Jacinda Barrett (Heather Wallace (segment \"The Locket\"))", "James Marsden (Eddie (segment \"The Hook\"))", "Amy Smart (Jenny (segment \"The Hook\"))", "Rick Lawrence (Rockin' Rob (segment \"The Hook\"))", "Stewart J. Zully (Deputy Manson (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Paul Salamoff (Crew Man #1 (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Bill Zahn (Crew Man #2 (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Gary Jensen (Crew Man #3 (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Ben Jensen (Crew Man #4 (segment \"The Honeymoon\"))", "Suzanne Goddard-Smythe (Mom (segment \"People Can Lick Too\") / Paramedic #2 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Michael Dempsey (Dad (segment \"People Can Lick Too\"))", "Otin (Himself (segment \"People Can Lick Too\"))", "Denny Arnold (Heather's Father (segment \"The Locket\"))", "Meleva Barbula (Heather the Locket (segment \"The Locket\") (voice))", "David Cooper (Policeman #1 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Eric Fleeks (Policeman #2 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Mike Terner (Policeman #3 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Matt Cooper (Policeman #4 (segment \"The Campfire\"))", "Larry Weinberg (Willy the Hook (closing scene))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Anthological Urban Legend Blast!\r\n\r\nThe horror anthology movie has been a popular source of enjoyment for horror fans for a number of decades. As is pretty much always the case, the quality of each segment of the films varies - and this always will be the case. Case in point Campfire Tales.\r\n\r\nSomething of a little treat for those inclined, this offers up four main stories and a wraparound device which involves four teenagers telling the tales around a campfire after their car has crashed. In my own anthology experiences, the main stories have tended to improve in quality as each story plays out, Campfire Tales is different, it opens weakly - has two great stories in the middle - and then closes on a damp boring squib. leading into the big - if unsurprising - reveal at films end.\r\n\r\nThe poster for the film puts Amy Smart and James Marsden up at the front, which is a bum steer given that their screen time is not massive. Their story, \"The Hook\", opens the film and it's poor, devoid of scares and tension, and it obviously gears itself up for a chilling reveal but it ends up more funny (even baffling) than creepy.\r\n\r\n\"The Honeymoon\" is up next and things significantly improve. Based on one of the most famous of urban legends, this finds a young couple of honeymooners stranded out in the woods when their camper van runs out of petrol. Choices are made, menacing terror begins, which all leads to a genuinely shocking finale.\r\n\r\nNext up is \"People Can Lick Too\", which finds a young girl home alone and stalked by a paedophile she met on line. The whole episode has a sinister eeriness to it, with some reveals sending chills down the spine. The ending is heart stopping and blood curdling.\r\n\r\nThe last segment is \"The Locket\", which is well acted but ultimately more wistful and ethereal than anything scary or unnerving. Though the denouement is sure to appeal to many. Nice musical score here as well. And on to the reveal, straight out of The Twilight Zone and from any number of films of the same ilk. Great fun even if not all the stories knock it out of the park. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [57685, 39268, 79876, 66044]}