{"tmdb_id": 163169, "title": "The Big Money", "original_title": "The Big Money", "slug_title": "the-big-money", "date": "1958-06-09", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/amlSvnbdt5AB2wCMYofHjFMgFBU.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Carmichael (Willie Frith)", "Belinda Lee (Gloria)", "Kathleen Harrison (Mrs Frith)", "Robert Helpmann (The Reverend)", "Leslie Phillips (Receptionist)", "James Hayter (Mr Frith)", "George Coulouris (The Colonel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Not really a hic-hic hooray here.\r\n\r\nOut of Pinewood Studios, The Big Money is directed by John Paddy Carstairs and written by John Baines. It stats Ian Carmichael, Belinda Lee, Robert Helpmann, James Hayter, Kathleen, Harrison and George Coulouris. Music is by Van Phillips and cinematography by Jack Cox. It is a VistaVision/Technicolor production.\r\n\r\nWhen bumbling thief Willie Frith (Carmichael) steals a suitcase from a clergyman, he gets far more than he bargained for. Disowned by star and creators, and left on the shelf for years by the studio, it's safe to say that The Big Money at best is an awkward comedy. It's not bad exactly, in fact there's enough comedy here for those familiar with - and entertained by - British comedy slapstick pics of years gone by. The problem is a poor script that leaves a fine cast wasted.\r\n\r\nThe premise is a good one, eldest son from a family of crooks is incompetent and desperately wants to not only make the family proud, but also to make it big himself. The latter of which he sees as a way of attracting the opposite sex, notably the blonde siren behind the bar of The Red Dragon. Once he secures what he thinks is his life changing steal, he is thrust into mishap after mishap, all while some unsavoury types get on his trail. What transpires is a gently amusing comedy, but in truth that's not enough to make this a must - seek - out pic for those wishing to blow the blues away. Nice to see Royal Ascot feature though, that is if you like horse racing mind... 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [256545, 171297, 116529, 64984]}