{"tmdb_id": 163550, "title": "Hearts of Humanity", "original_title": "Hearts of Humanity", "slug_title": "hearts-of-humanity", "date": "1932-08-31", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Genial Irish NYC policeman Tom O'Hara is looking forward to the arrival of his wife and their young son, Shandy from Ireland. Several days before the ship is to dock, O'Hara gets a radiogram informing him that his wife has died at sea. That night a burglar breaks into the Antigue & Second Hand Shop ran by Sol Bloom, directly below O'Hara's flat. The burglar shoots O'Hara, who has rushed to his friend's aid, and, with his last breath he asks Sol to take care of Shandy. When Shandy arrives, Sol immediately makes him a member of the family, which also consists of a very mischievous motherless boy named Joey Bloom, whose pursuits consist of stealing oranges from fruit-dealer Tony, and playing hookey from school. Tom Varney, the young beat cop, is in love with Ruth Sneider, whose mother runs a Cleaning and Dyeling establishment. Ruth, however, is momentarily dazed with worthless Dave Haller.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5yMteakK7ByCkpj0MC4DOTRlTxo.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Hersholt (Sol Bloom)", "Jackie Searl (Shandy O'Hara)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Tom O'Hara)", "Claudia Dell (Ruth Sneider)", "Charles Delaney (Tom Varney)", "Lucille La Verne (Mrs. Sneider)", "Richard Wallace (Joey Bloom (as Dick Wallace))", "John Vosper (Dave Haller (as John Vosburgh))", "Tom McGuire (Mr. Wells)", "Betty Jane Graham (Hilda)", "George Humbert (Tony)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}