{"tmdb_id": 163614, "title": "Flames Over Treasures", "original_title": "Flacari pe comori", "slug_title": "flames-over-treasures", "date": "1988-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Inspired by the novel \u201cArchangels\u201d written by Ion Agarbiceanu. A film about the fascination of gold and the mirage of fast enrichment.  Inspirat din romanul \u201cArhanghelii\u201d de Ion Agarbiceanu. Un film despre fascinatia aurului si mirajul imbogatirii rapide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vblXmScufxzstJlVASbihYIxZV4.jpg", "actors": ["Mircea Albulescu (Rodean)", "Claudiu Bleon\u0163 (Vasile Muresan)", "Remus Margineanu (Marza)", "Magda Catone ()", "Viorel Ludusan ()", "Vasile Nitulescu ()", "Claudiu Oblea ()", "Valentin Uritescu ()", "Melania Ursu ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "germish", "content": "This movie, as well as others from Nicolae Margineanu is now available on DVD with subtitles in English, German, French and Spanish. Look for Ager-film Editions in the web. It's seldom enough for Romanian films to be worth mentioning. Shot a year after the famous \"Pandureanca\", we notice a bit of the same mysterious atmosphere produced by awesome landscapes and silent looks. Some of the landscapes shown in this film are now endangered by the project of a Canada-based mining company which projects to create there the largest open-air gold-mine in Europe. Fears for the ecological balance of the whole region is big. Gold still drives people crazy, thus making the film of a burning actuality."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}