{"tmdb_id": 16384, "title": "Un pourri au paradis", "original_title": "My Blue Heaven", "slug_title": "un-pourri-au-paradis", "date": "1990-08-17", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "L'agent du FBI Barney Coopersmith est charg\u00e9 de la protection d'un mafieux devant t\u00e9moigner contre ses acolytes, Vincent Antonelli. H\u00e9las, ce dernier est incapable de rester discret, ce qui facilite la t\u00e2che des tueurs lanc\u00e9s \u00e0 ses trousses...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4rTJLIBocmu1WjadfcZL2nsivZd.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Martin (Vincent 'Vinnie' Antonelli)", "Rick Moranis (Barney Coopersmith)", "Joan Cusack (Hannah Stubbs)", "Melanie Mayron (Crystal Rybak)", "Bill Irwin (Kirby)", "Carol Kane (Shaldeen)", "Jesse Bradford (Jamie)", "Colleen Camp (Dr. Margaret Snow Coopersmith)", "Ed Lauter (Underwood)", "Daniel Stern (Will Stubbs)", "William Hickey (Billy Sparrow)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "BadChristian", "content": "My Blue Heaven is okay. The acting is serviceable, although never did I believe that Steve Martin was an Italian Mob guy. I didn't find it particularly funny; I laughed two times and those were more out of shock. The plot, which Wikipedia tells me is vaguely based on the same guy who inspired Goodfellas, isn't exactly a new or unique idea, but it has some potential as both a fish out of water and an odd couple story. My Blue Heaven is fine; there isn't anything terrible, nothing drew me out of the film (except Steve Martin's casting and the choice to use title cards to occasionally change perspective), and I never was confused or disappointed with the story beats, but I was never impressed or fully invested. I picked this movie at random and didn't know what I was watching until the title appeared. I was excited to see that I was going to see a movie with Steve Martin, Rick Moranis, and Joan Cusack, but they are all misused and easily could have been replaced with any other B-list actor. Again, it's fine. It's okay. I didn't dislike it, but there are plenty of better movies to have given that hour and a half to."}], "recommandations_id": [2107, 10631, 12772, 26261]}