{"tmdb_id": 1641, "title": "Un vent de folie", "original_title": "Forces of Nature", "slug_title": "un-vent-de-folie", "date": "1999-03-12", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Ben, \u00e9crivain new-yorkais, se rend a Savannah pour rejoindre sa future femme, Bridget. Dans l'avion, il fait la connaissance d'une jeune femme excentrique, Sarah. Ensemble, ils vont subir toutes sortes d'aventures et de catastrophes: accident d'avion, imposture, vol, strip-tease, ouragan... A travers cette aventure picaresque, Ben va remettre en question sa vie et son mariage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g1w3I72XTZ604Luhv8MEpTLLoU7.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Bullock (Sarah Lewis)", "Ben Affleck (Ben Holmes)", "Maura Tierney (Bridget Cahill)", "Steve Zahn (Alan)", "Blythe Danner (Virginia)", "Ronny Cox (Hadley)", "Michael Fairman (Richard Holmes)", "Richard Schiff (Joe)", "Athena Maria Bitzis (Juanita the Bull Tamer)", "Afemo Omilami (Cab Driver)", "David Strickland (Steve Montgomery)", "Jack Kehler (Vic DeFranco)", "Janet Carroll (Barbara Holmes)", "Meredith Scott Lynn (Debbie)", "George Wallace (Max)", "Steve Hytner (Jack Bailey)", "John Doe (Carl Lewis)", "Anne Haney (Emma)", "Bert Remsen (Ned)", "Julie Ivey (Beth)", "Danny Scalf (Skycap)", "Pat Crawford Brown (Florence)", "Bill Erwin (Murray)", "Carter Reedy (Groomsman)", "Kara Hamilton (Kirsten)", "William Marquez (Herman)", "Michael Cudlitz (Bartender)", "Libby Whittemore (Car Rental Agent)", "Dan Albright (Officer McDonnell)", "Mike Pniewski (Conductor)", "Taylor Gilbert (Dr. Keller)", "Francisco De Ram\u00edrez (Bus Driver)", "Shelly Desai (Cabbie)", "Chad Ridgely (Police Officer)", "Rob Springer (Wedding Videographer)", "Joanne Pankow (Sunseeker Gladys)", "Bill Coates (Sunseeker)", "Leon Lamar (Sunseeker)", "Bob King (Sunseeker)", "Dan Biggers (Justice of the Peace)", "Wes Kennemore (Thief)", "Cal Johnson (Wedding Party Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Fun road romcom with Ben Affleck, a zany Sandra Bullock and a great ending  \r\n\r\nA man (Ben Affleck) sets out to fly from New York to Savannah to be married to his bride (Maura Tierney), but circumstances compel him to use other means of transportation with an attractive, but screwy traveling companion (Sandra Bullock). Will this new relationship and their misadventures change his plans over the course of the next two days? \r\n\r\nI\u2019m a sucker for road movies and Affleck is great as the principled protagonist, but Bullock\u2019s character, Sarah, is so erratic she becomes seriously irritating by the midpoint that it\u2019s hard to see how anyone would find her appealing, at least as a possible lifelong companion. Thankfully, the sights are interesting and the pair\u2019s mishaps are amusing enough (although I feel the script needed a rewrite to flush out better prospects). In addition, the last act is actually ballsy and totally changed any negative feelings I had. The movie\u2019s not really anti-marriage; it just shows the awful truth and potential glory. In other words, it\u2019s realistic and balanced.\r\n\r\nWhat\u2019s funny is that Roger Ebert expressed outrage over the climax and called it smarmy. All I can say is he didn\u2019t \u2018get\u2019 it because it\u2019s not disingenuous at all. In fact, it\u2019s revelatory; and wholly fits. I don\u2019t want to say anything more because I don\u2019t want to spoil it. Reflect on the key points and everything makes sense.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 45 minutes and was shot in New York City, Washington DC, Virginia, Tennessee, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. Steve Zahn is on hand as the best man.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [9715, 10468, 2020, 2064], "youtube_key": "gRb5JFHpzew"}