{"tmdb_id": 164328, "title": "The Strange Little Cat", "original_title": "Das merkw\u00fcrdige K\u00e4tzchen", "slug_title": "the-strange-little-cat", "date": "2013-02-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "It is a Saturday in autumn, and Karin and Simon are visiting their parents and youngest sister Clara. This family gathering provides the occasion for a dinner together, at which other relatives appear over the course of the day. While the family members animate the apartment\u2019s space with their conversations, everyday activities and cooking preparations, the cat and dog range through the various rooms. they too become a central element in this quotidian familial dance that repeatedly manifests stylized elements, disrupting any naturalistic mode of presentation. In this way, adjoining spaces open up between family drama, fairy tale and the psychological study of a mother.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gwQsJoODmPrJhxGctj9DTa84Jw2.jpg", "actors": ["Anjorka Strechel (Karin)", "Jenny Schily (Mutter)", "Matthias Dittmer (Vater)", "Luk Pfaff (Simon)", "Monika Hetterle (Gro\u00dfmutter)", "Kathleen Morgeneyer (Hanna)", "Gustav K\u00f6rner (Nachbarsjunge)", "Leon Beiersdorf (Jonas)", "Armin Marewski (Schwager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A beautiful video portrait of a family!\r\n\r\nIndeed a beautiful video portrait of a family and friends coming together for an evening. I wanted to like it more, but not impressed by the overall product. However, I liked very much the film theme, not very unique, yet simpler and different than those I've seen. The cat was the centre of the narration as the title suggests, but it was seen rarely within the video frame and sometimes the characters mentions it, but we know it was around there where our eyes can't reach.\r\n\r\nOn an ordinary day, about an ordinary family and their ordinary event which might remind you your own family or the others you're familiar with. I don't know the cast, but I liked their character displays. Each one offered so many topics on what they were doing, because I can easily say it was not completely written script, but they were improvised while the camera was on the roll. As the actors that's what they do, but as a viewer I must appreciate the effort. Even the kids were so impressive, yet like I said overall film fallen short by a slight margin.\r\n\r\nI'm a semi-artist, those who are interested in the art would stare at the paintings for a very long time to observe the details closely like every visible stroke the artist did. Likewise, in this, the details were very impressive. In every scene, there's something happening like each scene has its own twist before going to the next. What I meant was, it was not like those lazy films I'd seen in my life with boring scenes where camera stands still and nothing happens for a very long time. That's the reason I usually dislike art films, but a very few like this makes my day.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [310799, 43974, 52717, 149507], "youtube_key": "h9WwkoEjkJc"}