{"tmdb_id": 164377, "title": "Outpost : Rise of the Spetsnaz", "original_title": "Outpost: Rise of the Spetsnaz", "slug_title": "outpost-rise-of-the-spetsnaz", "date": "2013-06-26", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Un troisi\u00e8me opus qui raconte les origines de l'arm\u00e9e de zombies nazis et qui met en sc\u00e8ne leur bataille avec la redoutable arm\u00e9e des forces sp\u00e9ciales russes, les Spetsnaz.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cKIJXGI1wMzx63ewmYHrPbC8Yc2.jpg", "actors": ["Velibor Topic (Arkadi)", "Iv\u00e1n Kamar\u00e1s (Fyodor)", "Bryan Larkin (Dolokhov)", "Michael McKell (Strasser)", "Vivien Taylor (Nurse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "andrew taylor-smith", "content": "The popular Outpost franchise gets third outing with a prequel,   OUTPOST : Rise of the Spetsnaz, an origins story rooted in the aftermath of WW2.\r\nAfter the short prologue, we join a Russian unit (The Elite Special Forces known as the Spetsnaz) whilst on a stakeout mission for Nazi blood. They\u2019re a rag tag bunch; disguised in part by the garments of fallen Nazis - sporting their wardrobe and Nazi insignia.\r\nThey makes easy work of the first wave of unsuspecting Germans, but just as their leader discovers some sinister  paraphernalia,  they are out gunned by a backup fleet sporting more hardware that sends them fleeing to the forest. Their leader, one Dolokhov is captured and taken to the experiment chamber of an underground bunker where the origins of this action packet saga come to light. Followers or the previous two films will appreciate the attention to detail that director Kieran Parker and Rae Brunton have cultivated here. It\u2019s subtle enough not to indulge one too much in what we\u2019ve already come to like about the series. Several characters emerge in numerous Zombie guises recognisable in the labyrinth of shudder-some  corridors.\r\nIt\u2019s not long before the unit are pitted against the sinister and barbaric regime  orchestrating their evil deeds and using them as test subjects for something far more inhuman and sinister.\r\nWhat transpires is most action packet of the series so far. It\u2019s littered with a high body count and some well executed fight sequences. There are also great moments of tension and some dry humour thrown in too. There\u2019s even space for the occasional Russian proverb  -  Trouble never comes alone\u2026\r\nIt\u2019s not without its less shining moments. The ending, although brutal came about too quickly and easily. A potentially life-saving amount of weaponry would have helped our assailants to safety was never used. They dispose of the Nazi\u2019s with mere  firepower and some combat when there was an entire army at the Reich\u2019s disposal. This spoiled it for me. That said it is not a dull film, not in the slightest. It just had too much action and not enough danger placed on the surviving Russians.\r\nThis marks Kieran Parker\u2019s directorial debut after story writing and producing the previous two films, Outpost and Outpost : Black sun. It\u2019s a commendable turn, particularly in the action sequences. The central performances are strong too. Bryan Larkin\u2019s  Dolokhov has huge presence , his seemingly imperious demeanour showing signs of cracking under the terrors. He\u2019s hulking, stoic and commanding.  Meanwhile  Michael McKell\u2019s  sneering  Strasser, the unhinged Nazi overlord is brimming with  a measure of the sadist and eccentric. \r\nIt leaves it open for a sequel. Some may welcome it but will the zombies rise again or has it been a good series needing to resign from the Outpost?"}], "recommandations_id": [100183, 172342, 252189, 363890], "youtube_key": "SL-ZOGhzFas"}