{"tmdb_id": 164443, "title": "Le Candidat de mon c\u0153ur", "original_title": "The Makeover", "slug_title": "le-candidat-de-mon-coeur", "date": "2013-01-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Hannah Higgins a perdu les \u00e9lections au Congr\u00e8s \u00e0 cause de son attitude d'intellectuelle coinc\u00e9e. Mais peu apr\u00e8s sa d\u00e9faite, son opposant d\u00e9c\u00e8de et de nouvelles \u00e9lections sont donc organis\u00e9es. Ses conseillers lui expliquent que la personne pouvant porter jusqu'\u00e0 la victoire ses id\u00e9es devrait \u00eatre un homme ! Hannah accepte alors de se retirer pour donner toutes les chances \u00e0 son programme pour l'\u00e9ducation d'\u00eatre un jour appliqu\u00e9. Elle d\u00e9cide de former Elliot, un simple livreur de bi\u00e8re, afin qu'il prenne le relais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ywepu6TUxC3mRtzxa7CCKFYJbiC.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Stiles (Hannah)", "Camryn Manheim (Colleen)", "Frances Fisher (Allie Doolittle)", "David Walton (Elliot)", "Gary Galone (Officer Rory)", "Bri DiMattio (Hotel Staff)", "Christopher Tarjan (Dock Guy 1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Nicholas_V", "content": "Not even sweetly silly. This lacks more political credibility than The Campaign. It's hard enough to endure Julia Stiles as this pedantic cold fish who is so concerned with the \"proper\" English language. But even excusing that, it's the relationship tropes between her character and David Walton which shamelessly force that distance. He is a beer vender who can barely speak. She has pesky issues with everything and can't even do a slight smile. We get it, you can't get further than that. Together they learn to adapt and she realizes that kindness and likability can go a surprisingly long way. Did I expect anything different? Not really, just wanted to start adding to my tally from this year. Sure, I laughed a few times and bought into its sentimental affection, and that is why I wouldn't rate it any lower."}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 241071, 291405, 79995], "youtube_key": "f6_pNzogwj8"}