{"tmdb_id": 16465, "title": "The Infernal Caldron", "original_title": "Le chaudron infernal", "slug_title": "the-infernal-caldron", "date": "1903-10-17", "genre": ["Fantastique / Horreur"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "The Infernal Boiling Pot is a 1903 silent French fantasy film directed by Georges M\u00e9li\u00e8s. The film shows a green-skinned demon who places a woman and then two courtiers into a burning cauldron.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wq2uGu5qJfYkzAylzVn9E4r8q3n.jpg", "actors": ["Georges M\u00e9li\u00e8s (Devil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "Here we are kiddos with another short from George Melies. This one is entitled The Infernal Boiling Pot. We open with two demons boiling women, suddenly the women's ghosts emerge from the boiling pot and dance above the demon's head.\r\n\r\nWhat we have here is nothing more than experiments on film conducted by George Melies. This isn't the first Melies short that i have reviewed (ex. The Haunted Castle) but this one really shows his ingenious with using the camera. Costumes, Special Effects, and of course Set Design, show us just how dedicated a director like himself is to experimenting with film. This is in the beginning stages of film and its amazing what this director accomplished. Its fun to watch these shorts and follow the directors path of learning.\r\n\r\nIts really hard to review something that is so short. I would have to say go to YouTube, plug in these short films, make up a margarita and sit back and relax. Enjoy these little gems from the beginning of film."}], "recommandations_id": [108278, 107439, 49273, 106814], "youtube_key": "pErLbBeMlEk"}