{"tmdb_id": 164974, "title": "Matinee Wives", "original_title": "Matinee Wives", "slug_title": "matinee-wives", "date": "1970-11-25", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Yes, totally bored with their husbands in bed, horny Hollywood-Hills housewives Linda Devlin and Pat Chandler have become Matinee Wives. For some time now, they\u2019ve been turning \"matinee tricks\" with the horny hubbies of other frigid suburban housewives by housewife-turned-madam Kay Gavin (CHRISTINE MURRAY of Trader Hornee), a supersexed entrepreneurial vixen who likes to \"curl up with a warm vibrator\" each morning to jump-start her day.  So, of course, when Paul and Tom make plans for some \"outside stud,\" who do you suppose they call? That\u2019s right: the vibrant Madam Kay herself! And who do you suppose she sets them up with? Right again: each other\u2019s wives! But the kicker is: no one knows this, neither the husbands nor the wives, as they\u2019re all chipping under false names and no one has met the other\u2019s spouse before! So all four are swapping partners and no one\u2019s the wiser. Neat, no?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3Jav8hrqxVuVTERZ0WC0hBYYhxw.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Treadwell (Paul Devlin)", "Barbara Mills (Linda Devlin (as Barbara Caron))", "Robert Cole (Tom Chandler)", "Edward Blessington (Dr. Milton Arnold / Ken McCord (as Mark Edwards))", "Jeannie Anderson (Betty Morgan (as Jeanne Henderson))", "Luanne Roberts (Kay Gavin (as Christine Murray))", "Jennie Lynn (Cocktail Waitress (as Denny Lynn))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}