{"tmdb_id": 165517, "title": "The Danish Connection", "original_title": "The Danish Connection", "slug_title": "the-danish-connection", "date": "1974-03-01", "genre": ["Crime / Action"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Everyone wants the formula for male virility that Danish scientists have developed. Wealthy but impotent Herbert Steele, who desires his secretary, Kitty, is willing to pay $1,000,000 or more for the formula. He's hired private eye, Johnny Wadd, but Wadd has disappeared after a trip to Hawaii. So Steele hires Eric Jensen, a photographer and Don Juan who claims he can get the drug. Meanwhile, Dr. Livingston Presume is also searching for the formula and thinks Wadd has it or knows where it is. Presume kidnaps Wadd and subjects him to a unique torture in order to get into his memory and find out where the formula is hidden. Kitty has another idea.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Ihc5cbmVkBQ0H4Hga6z2K03oup.jpg", "actors": ["John Holmes (Johnny Wadd)", "Rick Cassidy (Eric Jensen)", "Helen O'Connell (Kitty Polenti)", "Walt Davis (Dr. Livingston Presume)", "William Kirschner (Herbert Steele)", "Celenthia Monett (Mata Horny)", "Cyndee Summers (First Dream Girl/Jensen's Accomplice)", "Sandy Carey (First Blonde)", "Alain Patrick (Thug with Eye Patch)", "Rene Bond (Bubble Bath Girl)", "Sandy Dempsey (The Model)", "Cleo O'Hara (Lollipops)", "Alex Elliot (Thug with Mustache)", "Bob Chinn (Hercules Fong / Fighter in White)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}