{"tmdb_id": 166168, "title": "Oh... Rosalinda!!", "original_title": "Oh... Rosalinda!!", "slug_title": "oh-rosalinda", "date": "1956-06-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Oh... Rosalinda!! (1955) is a film by the British director-writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. The film stars Michael Redgrave, Mel Ferrer, Anthony Quayle, dancer Ludmilla Tch\u00e9rina and Anton Walbrook and features Dennis Price.  The film is based on the operetta Die Fledermaus (The Bat) by Johann Strauss, but updated to take place in post-war Vienna as occupied by the four Allied powers: the United States, the United Kingdom, France and the U.S.S.R. The music, played by the Vienna Symphony Orchestra under conductor Alois Melichar,[2] has new lyrics by Dennis Arundell, and professional singers dubbed for some of the actors. The choreography is by Alfred Rodrigues, and the production was designed by Hein Heckroth.  Oh... Rosalinda!! is a light-hearted Technicolor romp that makes full use of the new CinemaScope process, and is not just a film of a staged production but a filmic operetta.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7LmehCsopVLkq0vc6Jj20DpZFyo.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Quayle (Gen. Orlovsky)", "Adolf Wohlbr\u00fcck (Dr. Falke)", "Dennis Price (Maj. Frank)", "Ludmilla Tch\u00e9rina (Rosalinda)", "Michael Redgrave (Col. Eisenstein)", "Mel Ferrer (Capt. Alfred Westerman)", "Anneliese Rothenberger (Adele)", "Oskar Sima (Frosch)", "Richard Marner (Col. Lebotov)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}