{"tmdb_id": 1662, "title": "Les Anges de la nuit", "original_title": "State of Grace", "slug_title": "les-anges-de-la-nuit", "date": "1990-09-14", "genre": "Drame / Action / Thriller / Crime", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Terry Noonan revient apres plusieurs ann\u00e9es d'absence dans le quartier de Hell's Kitchen a New York, fief des Irlandais. Il retrouve ses anciens camarades en pleine guerre avec la mafia italienne qui menace la communaut\u00e9 irlandaise. Terry est un fait un policier infiltr\u00e9. Il va etre dechir\u00e9 entre sa loyaut\u00e9 pour son vieux quartier et son sens de l'ordre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2cJoWlERVrnzRBu7wAvTzKhv4P9.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Penn (Terry Noonan)", "Gary Oldman (Jackie Flannery)", "Ed Harris (Frankie Flannery)", "Robin Wright (Kathleen Flannery)", "John Turturro (Nick)", "John C. Reilly (Stevie McGuire)", "R. D. Call (Pat Nicholson, Frankie's Lieutenant)", "Joe Viterelli (Borelli)", "Deirdre O'Connell (Irene)", "Burgess Meredith (Finn)", "Marco St. John (Jimmy Cavello)", "James Russo (DeMarco)", "Jaime Tirelli (Alvarez)", "Sandra Beall (Stevie's date)", "Mo Gaffney (Maureen)", "John MacKay (Raferty)", "John Ottavino (Raferty's son)", "Tim Gallin (Bar Customer)", "Frank Girardeau (Bartender)", "Paul-Felix Montez (Pool Hall Manager)", "Ben Fine (Hotel Doorman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Westies.\r\n\r\nState of Grace is directed by Phil Joanou and written by Dennis McIntyre. It stars Sean Penn, Ed Harris, Gary Oldman, Robin Wright, John Turturo and John C. Reilly. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Jordan Cronenweth.\r\n\r\nTerry Noonan (Penn) returns to Hells Kitchen after a number of years away and finds his best pal, Jackie Flannery (Oldman), is a major player in the Irish/American mob being run by his elder brother, Frankie Flannery (Harris). With a love interest rekindled and a secret he dare not reveal, Terry is soon caught in a maelstrom of danger and tested loyalties.\r\n\r\nIt got lost in the slipstream of Goodfellas, but although it\u2019s not in the same league as Scorsese\u2019s critical darling, State of Grace is a splendid slice of neo-noir gangsterism. The plot is made up of standard genre tropes, divided loyalties, betrayals, kinship, revenge, rivalries, territorial machismo and etc, all of which of course comes laced with spitfire  dialogue and sparky violence.\r\n\r\nThe strengths come with the performances of the lead cast members, the visual flourishes via Cronenweth and Joanou and Morricone\u2019s classical score. Penn and Oldman are forces of nature, the former a ball of emotional turbulence, the latter a hopped up maniac with killer tendencies. Harris as the daddio main man is a moody and malevolent presence, as is Joe Viterelli as mafia boss man Borelli. Wright seems a little out of place in this material, Turturo isn\u2019t used nearly enough, but Reilly scores well with a limited role and Burgess Meredith pops in for a superb cameo.\r\n\r\nIt doesn\u2019t have originality on its side, but it\u2019s a mightily strong film regardless, with the human drama drawing one in as the tech skills impress across the board. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Bazzjazz", "content": "This is a fine film. Loved everything about it!\r\n\r\nGreat ensemble cast, Sean Penn plays a fantastic role as imbedded mole unto his past \u2018hoodlum\u2019 friends.\r\nGary Oldman is outstanding with such intensity and dynamic manic character he plays.\r\n\r\nRobin Wright plays the love interest, and you can understand how Penn fell for her (outside of movie) \r\n\r\nThere\u2019s such great music too.\r\n\r\nBrilliant soundtrack!\r\n\r\nMerrideth Burgess plays a lovely cameo which must have been one of his last appearances on film.\r\n\r\nThe st Patrick\u2019s Day Finale is beautifully filmed.\r\n\r\nTotally loved the film!!\r\n\r\nSeen it more than once!!"}], "recommandations_id": [9558, 12143, 27526, 13715]}