{"tmdb_id": 16642, "title": "Les Moissons du ciel", "original_title": "Days of Heaven", "slug_title": "les-moissons-du-ciel", "date": "1978-09-13", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Ouvrier dans une aci\u00e9rie, Bill s'enfuit de Chicago, emmenant avec lui sa jeune soeur, Linda, et Abby, sa compagne. Tous trois arrivent au Texas au moment o\u00f9 commencent les moissons. Ils sont embauch\u00e9s chez un riche propri\u00e9taire terrien, Chuck. Celui-ci remarque bient\u00f4t la beaut\u00e9 d'Abby, que Bill, pour simplifier les choses, fait passer pour sa soeur. Bient\u00f4t, le paysan improvis\u00e9 apprend que Chuck est condamn\u00e9 par la maladie. Sans aucun \u00e9tat d'\u00e2me, il pousse Abby \u00e0 r\u00e9pondre aux avances de Chuck. Un mariage est bient\u00f4t projet\u00e9 pour sceller leur union. Toutefois, avec le temps, Abby finit par s'attacher \u00e0 cette \u00e9trange personnalit\u00e9, au grand d\u00e9sespoir de Bill...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5NEsJXv75d8GHbdjuUsoTAYxROK.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Gere (Bill)", "Brooke Adams (Abbey)", "Linda Manz (Linda)", "Sam Shepard (The farmer)", "Robert J. Wilke (The Farm Foreman)", "Stuart Margolin (Mill Foreman)", "Timothy Scott (Harvest Hand)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Following the story of Bill (Richard Gere), a hard working laborer in the early 19th century, Days Of Heaven is a cinematic masterpiece. Accompanied by his girlfriend, Abby (Brooke Adams) and sister (Linda Manz), Bill departs on a steam engine for a lone wheat farm in Texas for work. The journey is a long one, but director Terrence Malick makes the ride pleasant with beautiful shots of nature at its best.\r\nThe rest of the movie follows suit. Although once at the farm the labor is arduous for the three characters, they find solace in being surrounded by the natural aesthetics. Everything is made even better when Bill, against his better judgment, convinces Abby to marry the owner of the farm. Life becomes carefree.\r\nThe common thread that ties the film together is the depiction of nature. The plains of Texas are exactly that\u2013plain. Malick is able to capture this simplicity and turn it into something extraordinarily beautiful. A common theme emerges\u2013the relationship between humans and nature. At times the relationship can be a close one, as illustrated by the carefree frolicking through the fields. However at other times, by piecing together wide shots of the plains, Malick portrays humans as insignificant in comparison to nature.  While the two are contrasts, the two work together to form a cohesive depiction of nature. This relationship is especially illuminated by the attempt to industrialize the farm. Steam engines and massive coal powered plows stand tall over the individual farmhands. One can look at these massive machines as an attempt for man to conquer nature and assert his dominance.\r\nAdditionally, Malick is able to give nature emotion, almost as vivid as if it was an animate object. Wheat blowing back and forth in the wind while the sun shines through the clouds provides for a very melancholy and relaxed mood. The breeze is almost palpable on one\u2019s cheek. Yet, when the massive machines arrive and the farmhands are forced to do intense manual labor, the calmness disappears. Life becomes hectic. This contrast shows the duality of nature. For every pleasant thing in life, there is a bad thing as its complement\u2013 much like heaven and hell. This is extremely apparent when Bill attempts to leave the farm for the second time. As he leaves the farmer\u2019s residence, he hears a droning sound. Before Bill or the viewer understands what is happening, the sky opens up with locusts. The farm literally becomes engulfed in these insects coming straight out of the ten plagues. All hell breaks loose\u2013sirens sound and hundreds of workers tried to get these locusts off the farm. All that is beautiful\u2013the wheat, the sky, and the vast emptiness of the plains\u2013is covered up. It is almost as if hell is covering the heaven on earth. This allegory becomes even clearer once a fire erupts. The days in heaven are clearly over as the fire cannot be contained and the beauty is physically destroyed. Following the duality in nature already established by the movie, heaven is subsequently restored. Although most of the crops are gone after the fire, the land still has an aesthetic quality to it. And although Bill and Abby never find solace after fleeing, Bill\u2019s sister finds herself enjoying life again after reuniting with her friend. Just as it had been during the days of heaven, she is carefree again."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Outstanding. My second favourite Malick film next to Badlands. I'm not sure anyone has ever been better at photographing fire. The only other of his films I have seen thus far is 'To the Wonder', but it's films like this that make me such a lover of cinema. I'm not a Richard Gere fan in the slightest (though I have always loved Brooke Adams), but it's roles like this that cement his reputation as a cinematic icon in my books. I didn't say 'actor' because I'm not really sure that's his strength--it's more a presence, such as Alain Delon in 'Le Samourai'."}], "recommandations_id": [3133, 8416, 25188, 20108]}