{"tmdb_id": 16662, "title": "Colorado", "original_title": "La resa dei conti", "slug_title": "colorado", "date": "1966-11-29", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Jonathan Corbett, alias Colorado, fine g\u00e2chette et redresseur de torts sans \u00e9gal a d\u00e9barrass\u00e9 le Texas de nombreux malfrats. Sa bravoure l\u00e9gendaire et ses faits d\u2019armes lui valent d\u2019\u00eatre plac\u00e9 en t\u00eate de liste des \u00e9lections s\u00e9natoriales\u2026\r Mais en apprenant que Cuchillo, un bandit notoire, vient de tuer une fillette de douze ans apr\u00e8s l\u2019avoir viol\u00e9e, Colorado se lance dans une nouvelle chasse \u00e0 l\u2019homme\u2026 Sa retraite dor\u00e9e de politicien attendra\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/VaKpFaAAxq28Xoz3fz0nupFPPP.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Van Cleef (Jonathan Corbett)", "Tom\u00e1s Mili\u00e1n (Manuel 'Cuchillo' Sanchez)", "Walter Barnes (Brokston)", "G\u00e9rard Herter (Baron von Schulenberg)", "Mar\u00eda Granada (Rosita, Cuchillo's wife)", "Fernando Sancho (Capt. Segura)", "Nieves Navarro ('The Widow')", "Benito Stefanelli (Jess)", "Frank Bra\u00f1a (Widow's ranch hand)", "Antonio Casas (Brother Smith & Wesson)", "Roberto Camardiel (Sheriff Jellicol)", "Nello Pazzafini (Hondo)", "Luisa Rivelli (Lizzie Miller)", "Lorenzo Robledo (Pioneer)", "Romano Puppo (Rocky)", "Tom Felleghy (Mr. Miller)", "Luis Barboo (Widow's ranch hand)", "Fernando Bilbao (Widow's ranch hand)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you don't kill me right now, it'll be the last mistake you make.\r\n\r\nLa resa dei conti (The Big Gundown) is directed by Sergio Sollima and written by Sollima and Sergio Donati. It stars Lee Van Cleef, Tomas Milian, Walter Barnes and Gerard Herter. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Carlo Calini.\r\n\r\nSuperior Spaghetti Western with shades of Zapata for good measure, The Big Gundown finds Van Cleef as bounty hunter - cum -  unofficial lawman Jonathan Corbett, whose reputation for bringing in the criminals, dead or alive, has caught the attention of business baron Brockston (Barnes). With an interest in getting into politics, Corbett is sold on Brockston\u2019s offer of political help if he will do a job for him. The job is to hunt down a Mexican rogue by the name of Cuchillo (Milian) who is alleged to have raped and murdered a 12 year old girl. Tracking Cuchillo across the land, the Mexican proves to be a slippery customer, and more importantly, Corbett begins to doubt the veracity of the charges against him.\r\n\r\nAdios Amigo.\r\n\r\nWhat do you need for a great Italo Western? A leading man with screen presence supreme? Check! Rogue antagonist able to overact opposite the leading man whilst still exuding charm personified? Check! Scorching vistas? Check! A musical score so in tune with the story it\u2019s a character all by itself? Check! And violence? Check! Sollima\u2019s movie has it all.\r\n\r\nMuch of the film is about the manhunt and how the two men involved develop a relationship. Cuchillo claims he\u2019s being set up and seems to have friends in every town featured in the play. Corbett is a dandy with a gun, but he\u2019s not perfect, he can be outsmarted and get caught cold. There\u2019s good thought gone into the screenplay in this respect, not putting the anti-hero up as an infallible superman.\r\n\r\nThen there\u2019s the side-bar narrative strands that show Sollima\u2019s political bent, even though this is hardly a heavily politico piece. From class struggles and racism, to asides on the justice system and the fat cats who operate around the system, Sollima does enjoy dangling such carrots. With zippy set pieces fuelled by brooding machismo that is in turn enhanced by the top work from Carlini and Morricone (it's one of Moricone's best scores, real dynamite), this is grade \u201cA\u201d Spaghetti and well worth feasting on. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [56373, 45211, 48169, 18928]}