{"tmdb_id": 166997, "title": "Taxi, An Encounter", "original_title": "Taxi, Un Encuentro", "slug_title": "taxi-an-encounter", "date": "2001-09-13", "genre": [""], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "\"Taxi, an encounter\" marks debut of Gabriela David in the direction, and this is very favorable for the national cinematography.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lhwOzG5QN0HcHXPjNid5ojZo7Vo.jpg", "actors": ["Diego Peretti (Laura)", "Miguel Guerberof (Padre)", "Josefina Viton (Laura)", "Pochi Ducasse (Abuela)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ionel99", "content": "Taxi,an encounter is one of those unlucky films (an admirable film is never much too popular with crowds) which never get a chance to be seen by thousands of viewers. This anomaly should not be considered as a drawback as this particular film has enough material to sustain viewers' attention. The prime reason lies in Gabriela David's taut direction. As there is ample suspense in this film viewers are always bound to stay glued to their seats. For those who have not been to Buenos Aires there are spectacular scenes of Argentinian capital's nocturnal views. All this is shown through bravura performance by Diego Peretti. This dazzling performance can easily fetch him the title of \"Argentinian Al Pacino\". He plays the role of a Samaritan thief. His life experiences a complete upheaval once he comes in contact with an injured girl. Who says that two lonely people cannot experience pure love ? This film is a proof of the fact that such a love exists."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NonfEaGJ85I"}