{"tmdb_id": 167828, "title": "Things Happen at Night", "original_title": "Things Happen at Night", "slug_title": "things-happen-at-night", "date": "1947-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "A young girl finds herself possessed by the spirit of a mischievous demon.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i3239NT6MUvo0VETC4w1r6h4R5J.jpg", "actors": ["Gordon Harker (Joe Harris)", "Alfred Drayton (Wilfred Prescott)", "Robertson Hare (Vincent Ebury)", "Gwynneth Vaughan (Audrey Prescott)", "Olga Lindo (Hilda Prescott)", "Garry Marsh (Spenser)", "Wylie Watson (Watson, the butler)", "Joan Young (Mrs. Venning, the cook)", "Beatrice Campbell (Joyce Prescott)", "Patricia Owens ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Poltergoost!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThings Happen At Night is directed by Francis Searle and adapted to screenplay by St. John Leigh Clowes from Frank Harvey\u2019s play The Poltergeist. It stars Gordon Harker, Alfred drayton, Robertson Hare, Gwneth Vaughan, Olga Lindo, Wylie Watson and Gary Marsh. It\u2019s an Alliance Film Studio Production out of Twickenham and Southall Studios, with music by George Melachrino and cinematography by Leslie Rowson.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nTo be honest, it feels a lot earlier than 1947, 37 would probably sit right. It\u2019s one of those farce horror films that come off as an excuse for some tom foolery perpetrated by a bunch of actors enjoying themselves. The plot basically revolves around the strange goings on at Hilton Grange, where a number of characters gather, there\u2019s some guff about milk, and insurance investigation and an engagement. Poltergeist activity is rife, with coal and apples flung about the place, chest of drawers moved, vases hovering above heads and so on. Characters react in different ways, as you would expect, and as the mystery to the haunting draws ever closer, the makers ramp up the speed to deliver the coup de grace. It\u2019s all very harmless and wonderfully gay, if a touch irritating as well! 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [41468, 51788, 56597, 85849], "youtube_key": "notfound"}