{"tmdb_id": 1678, "title": "Godzilla", "original_title": "\u30b4\u30b8\u30e9", "slug_title": "godzilla", "date": "1954-11-03", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Une s\u00e9rie de naufrages inexpliqu\u00e9s d\u00e9fraie la chronique japonaise. Au m\u00eame moment, \u00e0 la suite de plusieurs p\u00eaches infructueuses, les insulaires de l'\u00eele Odo organisent une c\u00e9r\u00e9monie pour apaiser la col\u00e8re de \"Gojira\", un dragon marin v\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 depuis des temps imm\u00e9moriaux. Mais la nuit venue, quelque chose d\u00e9barque sur l'\u00eele dans une temp\u00eate et pi\u00e9tine le village. Le lendemain, le professeur Kyohei Yamane examine le sol et d\u00e9couvre des traces de radioactivit\u00e9 ainsi qu'un trilobite. Un gigantesque monstre reptilien appara\u00eet bient\u00f4t aux yeux de tous, avant de s'enfoncer dans la mer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1MJcpTpeSh2RtRHI7EMHStvWDEt.jpg", "actors": ["Akira Takarada (Hideto Ogata)", "Momoko K\u00f4chi (Emiko Yamane)", "Akihiko Hirata (Daisuke Serizawa-hakase)", "Takashi Shimura (Kyohei Yamane-hakase)", "Fuyuki Murakami (Professor Tanabe)", "Sachio Sakai (Newspaper Reporter Hagiwara)", "Ren Yamamoto (Masaji Sieji)", "Toyoaki Suzuki (Shinkichi Sieji)", "Toranosuke Ogawa (President of Company)", "Hiroshi Hayashi (Chairman of Diet Committee)", "Seijir\u00f4 Onda (Parliamentarian Oyama)", "Kin Sugai (Ozawa-san)", "Kokuten K\u00f4d\u00f4 (The Old Fisherman)", "Tadashi Okabe (Prof. Tababe's Assistant)", "Jir\u00f4 Mitsuaki (Employee of Nankai Salvage Company)", "Ren Imaizumi (Radio Operator)", "S\u00f4kichi Maki (Chief of Maritime Safety Agency)", "Kenji Sahara (Young Lover on Ship)", "Haruo Nakajima (Godzilla)", "Yasuhisa Tsutsumi (Soldier)", "Tsuruko Mano (Mrs. Sieji)", "Takeo Oikawa (Chief of Emergency Headquarters)", "Junpei Natsuki (Power Station Engineer)", "Katsumi Tezuka (Godzilla)", "Sabur\u00f4 Iketani (News Reporter)", "Shizuko Azuma (Woman with Children)", "Shizuko Higashi (Partygoer)", "Kiyoshi Kamata (Partygoer's Escort)", "Keiji Sakakida (Mayor Inada)", "Tamae Sengo (Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The big political atomic lizard is cheesed off!\r\n\r\nAfter H bomb testing in the pacific, ships start to go missing and a remote island is apparently under attack from a prehistoric monster. Japanese scientists hasten to find out just what is going on, what they find is Gojira, and he is mightily hell bent on destruction...next stop Tokyo.\r\n\r\nGojira is such an influential film, it has spawned many sequels, remakes, copyists, and numerous homages, and of course there is two versions of this film for the viewer to choose from. The American version is a decent enough watch, it has integrated Raymond Burr into this original versions plot, and although it's unintentionally funny at times, it holds up pretty well as a no brainer piece of fluff. But it fails to compare to this original Ishir\u00f4 Honda classic because this has a wonderful ambiance of fear at its heart, coming some 10 years after the Hiroshima bomb, the Japanese audiences of the time would surely have noted the heavy aura of destruction seaming through the picture. \r\n\r\nWatching it today, now that it's restored in all its original glory, is still a memorable and exhilarating experience, the build up is perfect, we are practically on the edge of our seats waiting to glimpse the giant atomic creature, and when he/it/she shows up for the first time, it gives us a truly memorable classic piece of cinema. Sadly the film is hampered a touch by a meandering romantic sub-plot, but the performances (notably Takeshi Shimura) are very engaging, while Akira Ifkube's score is poignantly perfect.\r\n\r\nAs man in a rubber suit movies go, Gojira has no peers, it's smart, fun, and above all else, memorable. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1679, 1682, 244, 3107], "youtube_key": "VKrj1ymJzmo"}