{"tmdb_id": 167810, "title": "Lost River", "original_title": "Lost River", "slug_title": "lost-river", "date": "2015-04-08", "genre": "Fantastique / Thriller / Drame", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans une ville qui se meurt, Billy, m\u00e8re c\u00e9libataire de deux enfants, est entra\u00een\u00e9e peu \u00e0 peu dans les bas-fonds d\u2019un monde sombre et macabre, pendant que Bones, son fils a\u00een\u00e9, d\u00e9couvre une route secr\u00e8te menant \u00e0 une cit\u00e9 engloutie. Billy et son fils devront aller jusqu\u2019au bout pour que leur famille s\u2019en sorte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tUszZHG4ds73phrQpuRW9U14qr8.jpg", "actors": ["Christina Hendricks (Billy)", "Saoirse Ronan (Rat)", "Eva Mendes (Cat)", "Matt Smith (Bully)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Dave)", "Iain De Caestecker (Bones)", "Reda Kateb (Cab Driver)", "Barbara Steele (Belladonna)", "Landyn Stewart (Franky)", "Rob Zabrecky (MC)", "Shannon Plumb (Fanny)", "Torrey Wigfield (Face)", "Misty Robinette (Misty)", "Holly Schlegel (Holly)", "Thomas McDonald (Skip)", "Larry Mongo (Larry)", "Robert Skrok (Demolition Guy)", "Aris Costner (Marylou)", "K.T. Almujahid (Gas Station Attendant)", "Joseph Norman (Mr. Detroit)", "Angela Hearts-Glass (Teacher)", "Dorothy Bennich (Janet & Mariella)", "Darnell James (Security Guard)", "Alexis Mabry-Hart (Moon Girl)", "Wayne Brinston (BBW Member)", "Alexander Burke (Musician)", "Ron Causey  (BBW Member)", "Elijah Daniel (BBW Member)", "Erin Emanii (Stripper)", "Nesti Gee (Cab Driver)", "Nate Hatton (BBW Member)", "Jeff Hill (BBW Member)", "Demi Kazanis (Club Bartender)", "Linda Linsley (Club Singer)", "Melissa Marra (Passerby)", "Cody Stauber (BBW Member)", "Garrett Thierry (Nightclub Patron)", "Carey Torrice (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Every city has its own history and hidden secrets.\r\n\r\nIt's not the first time the actors who reach a certain stage of their acting career to shift their gear to the direction mode. So this time it is none other than the Canadian import, Ryan Gosling. He produced, wrote and directed this fantasy-drama-mystery which looks like a semi apocalyptic film. Very interesting concept and the cast as well. Quite impressed by the narration with those suspenses, decent story as well, but kind of complicated to understand the mix its genre.\r\n\r\nActually, it was not a bad film, except the story won't go deeper into the characters to uncover them completely. Especially no details about the earlier years at the place where it sets in which what the title denoting. The rest of the developments are unpredictable yet created enough curiosity to hook with. The location was awesome, I mean it was kind of a wasteland, though perfectly matched to what script wanted. The overall idea of the film was like when 'Beasts of the Southern Wild' meets 'Goonies'.\r\n\r\nThe story did not deliver a satisfying ending after all those promises were made in the first two acts, but overall film was a much better than any fancy twist we would expect. So the film is not for everybody, only if you ready to accept any kind of turnover at any stage of the narration, even it is a very plain, then you can consider it. Not an ideal directional debut for Ryan, but definitely a fine first step to explore the field in the coming years. Surely he would come out with a masterpiece and I'm looking forward for that.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [241239, 77987, 157851, 64720]}