{"tmdb_id": 168177, "title": "Xx: Where Your Heart Should Be", "original_title": "Xx", "slug_title": "xx-where-your-heart-should-be", "date": "2007-10-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Todd Verow, his latest film is an experimental narrative feature heralding the end time. Split up into 20 short films, the film explores the fear and longing of several characters as they wait for some unspecified apocalyptic event.  Some try to escape physically, emotionally or sexually while others welcome the end with open arms. A woman (PHILLY) is busy dragging her own corpse, trying to find a resting place for it, when she encounters an old lover (MICHAEL BURKE) who used to be a she but has transitioned to a man. He wants to get out of town but she wants to stay it's the end of time when nothing is a crime.  Several gay men engage in more and more extreme sexual activity, they want to experience it all before the big collapse. Two gay ex-lovers try to reconnect and feel something, anything but total emptiness. Porn actors and producers make more unsafe films as fantasies grow darker and more violent. Will the world end with a whimper or a bang? Or worse will it not end at all.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xPxfBIF5pOuFrclLM8fgoqZvk0D.jpg", "actors": ["Philly Abe ()", "Michael Burke ()", "William Burl ()", "Brian Camp ()", "Mike Diaz ()", "Elliott Kennerson ()", "Julian Neville ()", "Todd Verow ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "0RWfPy1ehDs"}