{"tmdb_id": 168320, "title": "The Weight of Elephants", "original_title": "The Weight of Elephants", "slug_title": "the-weight-of-elephants", "date": "2013-02-14", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Adrian is a classic outsider. His playful, dreamy imagination distracts him from everyday life, for the reality he lives in could not be more different. Neither his chronically depressed uncle nor his overworked grandmother understand the ten-year-old\u2019s games. His mother abandoned him when he was very young and he is bullied at school. Just as news arrives that three children are missing, a new family moves in next door. Adrian develops a close relationship to their tomboyish, ten-year-old daughter Nicole and believes he is getting close to solving the mys- tery of the missing children. New Zealand forms the backdrop for this universal story for adults and those who have never wanted to grow up. It is a story about friendship and loneliness, emotions which Adrian already feels so poignantly as a child. The Danish first-time director\u2019s expressive visual language dramatically merges water and air, reality and a hint of fantasy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1bYgm0GfCNBTnQt1FD74ON9lwqk.jpg", "actors": ["Demos Murphy (Adrian)", "Matthew Sunderland (Uncle Rory)", "Catherine Wilkin (Grandmother)", "Angelina Cottrell (Nicole)", "Hannah Jones (Joely)", "Finn Holden (Clinton)", "Courtney Luskie (Horse Girl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "47ovZhiddoA"}