{"tmdb_id": 16850, "title": "Les h\u00e9ros de T\u00e9l\u00e9mark", "original_title": "The Heroes of Telemark", "slug_title": "les-heros-de-telemark", "date": "1965-11-22", "genre": ["Guerre / Action / Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, les Allemands produisent de l'eau lourde \u00e0 T\u00e9l\u00e9mark en Norv\u00e8ge dans le but de fabriquer la bombe atomique. Les forces britanniques d\u00e9l\u00e8guent un petit commando qui a pour mission de s'introduire dans l'usine de T\u00e9l\u00e9mark afin de d\u00e9truire la dangereuse production ennemie", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dsdCK5iPW9bgZTvzilC9GBnJuEf.jpg", "actors": ["Kirk Douglas (Dr. Rolf Pedersen)", "Richard Harris (Knut Straud)", "Ulla Jacobsson (Anna Pedersen)", "Michael Redgrave (Uncle)", "David Weston (Arne)", "Sebastian Breaks (Gunnar)", "John Golightly (Freddy)", "Alan Howard (Oli)", "Patrick Jordan (Henrik)", "William Marlowe (Claus)", "Brook Williams (Einar)", "Roy Dotrice (Jensen)", "Anton Diffring (Major Frick)", "Ralph Michael (Nilssen)", "Eric Porter (Terboven)", "Wolf Frees (Knippelberg)", "Karel Stepanek (Hartmuller)", "Gerard Heinz (Erhardt)", "Victor Beaumont (German Sgt.)", "George Murcell (Sturmfuhrer)", "Mervyn Johns (Col. Wilkinson)", "Barry Jones (Prof. Logan)", "Geoffrey Keen (Gen. Bolt)", "Robert Ayres (Gen. Courts)", "Jennifer Hilary (Sigrid)", "Maurice Denham (Doctor)", "David Davies (Captain of \"Galtesund\")", "Philo Hauser (Businessman)", "Faith Brook (Woman on Bus)", "Elvi Hale (Mrs. Sandersen)", "Russell Waters (Mr. Sandersen)", "Jan Conrad (Watchman in Factory)", "Annette Andre (Girl Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Battle for Heavy Water.\r\n\r\nThe Heroes of Telemark is directed by Anthony Mann and written by Ben Barzman and Ivan Moffat. It stars Kirk Douglas, Richard Harris, Ulla Jacobsson, Michael Redgrave and David Weston. Music is by Malcolm Arnold and cinematography by Robert Krasker. \r\n\r\n1942, Nazi occupied Norway, and the Germans are making great strides with their plans for atomic weaponry. It\u2019s down to a band of resistance fighters and a scientist to blow up the German heavy water factory located up in the Telemark mountains. \r\n\r\nPerhaps it\u2019s stating the obvious considering Mann and Krasker's reputations as quality visualists, but The Heroes of Telemark is a splendid looking war movie. It\u2019s solidly performed by the cast, the story, which is based on a real and crucial incident in the war, is gripping, while some of the tech flourishes shown by Mann for the more pacy scenes are impressive. \r\n\r\nProblems only really arise when the film resorts to standard character interactions, shifting focus away from the film\u2019s strength, that of the mission, the planning and execution of such. The script doesn\u2019t really give the characters much to work with, so in truth it\u2019s hard to really care about them in context to their own personal trials and tribulations. \r\n\r\nHowever, such is the visual treats and excellent action choreography on show, it still rounds out as a wholesome meaty war epic well worth investing time with. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11372, 27759, 36554, 31935], "youtube_key": "7kkgIe1TI5k"}