{"tmdb_id": 1687, "title": "Les \u00c9vad\u00e9s de la Plan\u00e8te des Singes", "original_title": "Escape from the Planet of the Apes", "slug_title": "les-evades-de-la-planete-des-singes", "date": "1971-05-20", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Corn\u00e9lius et Zira parviennent \u00e0 retourner vers le pass\u00e9, et d\u00e9barquent au 20e si\u00e8cle \u00e0 Los Angeles. Ils y subissent les m\u00eames tourments que Taylor sur la \"plan\u00e8te des singes\", et d\u00e9couvrent petit \u00e0 petit quels \u00e9v\u00e9nements conduiront \u00e0 la fin de la civilisation humaine et \u00e0 la domination simienne...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/22qH0U8KolLkpbgik0uUtNZWHZn.jpg", "actors": ["Roddy McDowall (Cornelius)", "Kim Hunter (Dr. Zira)", "Bradford Dillman (Dr. Lewis Dixon)", "Natalie Trundy (Dr. Stephanie 'Stevie' Branton)", "Eric Braeden (Dr. Otto Hasslein)", "William Windom (The President)", "Sal Mineo (Dr. Milo)", "Albert Salmi (E-1)", "Jason Evers (E-2)", "John Randolph (Committee Chairman)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Aide)", "Ricardo Montalban (Armando)", "Arthur Tovey (Official at Briefing)", "Harry Lauter (General Winthrop)", "Roy Glenn (Lawyer (as Roy E. Glenn Sr.))", "Peter Forster (Cardinal)", "Norman Burton (Army Officer)", "William Woodson (Naval Officer)", "Tom Lowell (Orderly)", "Gene Whittington (Marine Captain)", "Donald Elson (Curator)", "Bill Bonds (TV Newscaster)", "Army Archerd (Referee)", "James Bacon (General Faulkner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Potential Kermode", "content": "**A picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a landscape.**\r\n\r\nIndeed.\r\n\r\nTalk, talk and some more talk. Then they all decide to talk some more - taking a break for a little more talking - before finally deciding on talking just a little while longer. These actors must have had sore tongues after the film was completed. Some of them hospitalised with repetitive strain on the jawbone.\r\n\r\nA very talky film which could indeed lose the interest of younger viewers. Younger viewers don't want to see  old men blabbering for 90 minutes - they want gorillas with machine guns.\r\n\r\nLots of scenes of people with tobacco stained grey hair talking around 1970's tables and not much action here. \r\n\r\nNot enough psycho gorilla action. The three chimps should have brought at least one maniac gorilla with them for security reasons. If there weren't enough seats in the ship then I am certain he wouldn't mind standing.\r\nPerhaps they feared that once they arrived and they opened the ships hatch on the beach - everything from turtles, whelks and Brian Wilson's surf board would have been riddled with bullets.\r\n\r\n- Potential Kermode"}], "recommandations_id": [1688, 1685, 1705, 871], "youtube_key": "t4OQqg-oL2M"}