{"tmdb_id": 16912, "title": "Les Indomptables de Colditz", "original_title": "The Colditz Story", "slug_title": "les-indomptables-de-colditz", "date": "1955-01-25", "genre": ["Guerre"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire se d\u00e9roule durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale. Des prisonniers de guerre britannique, fran\u00e7ais, hollandais et polonais qui ont fait plusieurs tentatives d'\u00e9vasion sont envoy\u00e9s \u00e0 l'Oflag IV-C, un schloss, c'est-\u00e0-dire un fort, cens\u00e9 \u00eatre s\u00e9curis\u00e9. Ils se retrouvent en Saxe, au coeur de l'Allemagne nazie. Au d\u00e9but, les diff\u00e9rentes nationalit\u00e9s r\u00e9fl\u00e9chissent \u00e0 des plans de fuite s\u00e9par\u00e9ment, jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'un officier sup\u00e9rieur britannique sugg\u00e8re une coop\u00e9ration. S'ensuivent plusieurs autres tentatives d'\u00e9vasion, qui pour certaines r\u00e9ussissent, pour d'autres non\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6X8j7BBmHAlS5cogweX7lYahva3.jpg", "actors": ["John Mills (Pat Reid)", "Eric Portman (Colonel Richmond)", "Frederick Valk (Kommandant)", "Denis Shaw (Priem)", "Lionel Jeffries (Harry Tyler)", "Christopher Rhodes ('Mac' McGill)", "Richard Wattis (Richard Gordon)", "Ian Carmichael (Robin Cartwright)", "Bryan Forbes (Jimmy Winslow)", "Theodore Bikel (Vandy)", "Eugene Deckers (La Tour)", "Anton Diffring (Hauptmann Fischer)", "Guido Lorraine (Polish officer)", "Witold Sikorski (Polish Officer)", "A. Blichewicz (Polish Officer)", "B. Dolinski (Polish Officer)", "Leo Bieber (German Interpreter)", "Rudolph Offenbach (Dutch Colonel)", "Keith Pyott (French Colonel)", "Arthur Butcher (Polish Colonel)", "David Yates (Dick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Escape from Colditz Castle.\r\n\r\nGuy Hamilton directs and co-adapts the screenplay with Ivan Foxwell from the P.R. Reid novel of the same name. A story based on actual facts, it stars John Mills, Lionel Jeffries, Bryan Forbes, Anton Diffring, Richard Wattis, Ian Carmichael and Eric Portman. Music is by Francis Chagrin and cinematography by Gordon Dines. \r\n\r\nThe story essentially follows the repeated escape attempts by allied prisoners held at Colditz Castle. It shows the hard luck stories, the bonds that are formed between the men, the regime and day to day life they lived by, and of course it builds to the historical finale. \r\n\r\nIt's structured with great balance by the makers, who manage to wring out a number of tense sequences whilst also ensuring that humour shines brightly. It gives the pic the requisite feel of stiff upper lippery, imbuing the characters with justifiable heroism in the face of being a POW, which all told plays as inspirational stuff. \r\n\r\nActed with aplomb by a notable cast, this delightful pic harks back to a a grand time of British film making, while simultaneously doffing its cap towards the real life allied soldiers who wound up in war prison establishments. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43995, 42493, 85126, 95220], "youtube_key": "notfound"}