{"tmdb_id": 169209, "title": "Empire State", "original_title": "Empire State", "slug_title": "empire-state", "date": "2013-09-03", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9chou\u00e9 au concours d'entr\u00e9e du NYPD, Chris accepte par d\u00e9pit un poste chez Empire State, une compagnie de convoyeurs de fonds. Il fait alors l'erreur de mentionner \u00e0 Eddie, son meilleur ami, le manque de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 de l'entrep\u00f4t, ce qui va l'impliquer dans un plan tr\u00e8s risqu\u00e9. En effet, Eddie s'est mis en t\u00eate de voler l'int\u00e9gralit\u00e9 du stock de billets, le tout en doublant les parrains locaux et en d\u00e9fiant James Ransone, le d\u00e9tective charg\u00e9 de l'enqu\u00eate !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tSTwtXeNQ83sjXQr40XmpQJfCXW.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Hemsworth (Chris Potamitis)", "Dwayne Johnson (Detective James Ransome)", "Emma Roberts (Nancy Michaelides)", "Nikki Reed (Lizzette)", "Lydia Hull (Maria)", "Michael Angarano (Eddie)", "Shenae Grimes-Beech (Eleni)", "Jerry Ferrara (Jimmy)", "James Ransone (Agent Nugent)", "Chris Diamantopoulos (Spyro)", "Michael Rispoli (Tony)", "Gia Mantegna (Vicky)", "Paul Ben-Victor (Tommy)", "Sharon Angela (Dina)", "Roger Guenveur Smith (Agent Marichal)", "Bonnie Bentley (Mother)", "Wayne P\u00e9re (Williams)", "Tony Bentley (Sam Wallace)", "Karen Clark (Karen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "First of all, this movie is nothing to do with Empire State Building. When I saw the movie poster with that building the background, I thought the movie would be something like 'White House Down' which will be defended against the terrorist takeover/attack. Poster also misleads that the movie is a complete action pack, but it was not. It was a crime-thriller which was based on the real story.\r\n\r\nThe sudden variation in scenes and the character behaviors kind of  incompetence to keep balanced everything in the story progress. Inspired by a real event is what kept my interest all the way. Suppose it was fictional that was written for the movie I would have said the writer was confused between character to build and story development.\r\n\r\nOn the other side the performances promised to conclude the movie on a high note and it does. One of it was Dwayne Johnson, actually it was not his movie, but his part was a highlight alongside Liam Hemsworth and Michael Angarano. Could have done a little better in few parts for the best outcome. Anyway, it will entertain you, but cannot remain in your memory for so long.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [139567, 204082, 41283, 127493], "youtube_key": "HnbG6izGPlc"}