{"tmdb_id": 169800, "title": "The Retrieval", "original_title": "The Retrieval", "slug_title": "the-retrieval", "date": "2014-04-02", "genre": ["Western / Drame / Histoire / Aventure"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la veille de la guerre de S\u00e9cession, un jeune gar\u00e7on est envoy\u00e9 au nord du pays par un gang de chasseurs de primes afin de retrouver la trace d'un homme recherch\u00e9 par la justice.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/buXVsenVhRxWpTGTplzJujJ38zk.jpg", "actors": ["Ashton Sanders (Will)", "Tishuan Scott (Nate)", "Keston John (Marcus)", "Christine Horn (Rachel)", "Alfonso Freeman (Isaac)", "Raven Ledeatte (Abby)", "Jonathan Brooks (Royce)", "Bill Oberst Jr. (Burrell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Despite knowing it is wrong, doing what has to do to be alive and make some money.\r\n\r\nThis is not a great film from a great director and writer, not even based on the real, just a simple road drama, yet very powerful. Though how do you look at it makes all the impact. The title says it all, it takes place in the year 1864, about a teen African-American boy who partnered with another man to help the bounty hunters to catch their target. One such mission is to retrieve a man from far away place and how they are going to do it the story speaks intensely.\r\n\r\nIt looks a bit like 'Slow West' because of the journey the main characters make, but it is different and quite interesting. I don't know anybody from this film, but I'm pleased with their character executions. The boy was at his best, I don't know he would win any award for it, but mentioning and appreciating him is at least the right thing to do. Because a small film like this won't get much attention other than critics through film festivals. So I saw it and I'm glad I saw it.\r\n\r\nIt was much better than other similar films. Realistic approach was the highlight. During the civil war and lots of casualties happened around, this little adventure of three was told better than I anticipated. Being an African-American at that time of the United States was not very fortunate. It just reveals the actual atmosphere and other related stuffs how difficult it was then.\r\n\r\nIt started off like some kind of a serious bounty hunting story and then slowed in the remaining parts, until the final sequence to get emotional. Does not feel like a fictional tale, definitely a small gem. I think feeling it should have been a bit better is normal, but overall I'm satisfied and recommend it for those who wants a good B movie.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [54352, 110218, 434505, 198500], "youtube_key": "VKcKk_RzElA"}