{"tmdb_id": 169925, "title": "La Charge sur la rivi\u00e8re rouge", "original_title": "The Charge at Feather River", "slug_title": "la-charge-sur-la-riviere-rouge", "date": "1953-07-11", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Sur le territoire du Colorado, Miles Archer est demand\u00e9 par la cavalerie \u00e0 Fort Soufflet pour aider \u00e0 sauver deux femmes blanches enlev\u00e9s par le Cheyenne et \u00e0 assurer la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 pour les \u00e9quipes de construction de chemin de fer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j0EgMYHx3eZGK6CHcpqAsfgKhTr.jpg", "actors": ["Guy Madison (Miles Archer)", "Frank Lovejoy (Sgt. Charlie Baker)", "Helen Westcott (Anne McKeever)", "Vera Miles (Jennie McKeever)", "Dick Wesson (Pvt. Cullen)", "Onslow Stevens (Grover Johnson)", "Steve Brodie (Pvt. Ryan)", "Ron Hagerthy (Johnny McKeever)", "Fay Roope (Lt. Col. Kilrain)", "Neville Brand (Pvt. Morgan)", "James Brown (Pvt. Connors)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "No brass button soldiers here. \r\n\r\nThe Charge at Feather River is directed by Gordon Douglas and written by James R. Webb. It stars Guy Madison, Frank Lovejoy, Helen Westcott, Vera Miles, Dick Wesson, Onslow Stevens, Steve Brodie, Neville Brand and James Brown. Filmed in Natural Vision-3-Dimension and WarnerColor, music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by J. Peverell Marley. \r\n\r\nThe Guardhouse Brigade. \r\n\r\nWonderful. It\u2019s the sort of Western you watched as a kid and it made you fall in love with the genre. It has it all, the standard Cowboys versus Indians action to keep the youngsters amused, and quality characterisations for the knowing adults to acknowledge. Plot would become very familiar over the years, where a bunch of reprobates, here they are the bad boys of the army guardhouse, are trained up and sent on a suicide mission. The mission here is to rescue two white sisters who were captured by the Cheyenne years ago. \r\n\r\nThe group dynamic positively bubbles with tension as men who fought on opposite sides of the Civil War are tasked with performing as one force. There\u2019s also a heated rivalry between two men because of a woman, and naturally there\u2019s some looses cannons in the group. Things further pick up when the two ladies are rescued and the group has to try and make it back to the fort with the whole Cheyenne tribe on their tail. The elder sister is grateful to be rescued, the younger one not so much since she has converted to the Cheyenne way and is set to marry Chief Thunder Hawk. \r\n\r\nThus the group dynamic goes up a couple of more notches on the stove as the younger sister does all she can to sabotage the mission, while the elder frets about how society will treat her once her past comes to light, and of course there\u2019s an attraction between her and the alpha male. Yet the romantic thread is superbly written, really mature and never cloying. There\u2019s some requisite humour that works very well, the action is very well staged by the wily Douglas and Madison makes for a good leader of men. While having Brand and Brodie in support playing ornery dudes is perfect casting. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a very satisfying Oater, it\u2019s not hard to see why it was a big hit at the box office. Oh for sure the 3-D gimmick would have been a big draw, especially since there\u2019s plenty of scenes made for 3-D nirvana in the picture. However, this is strong enough to stand on its own 2-D feet, a throwback to a great decade of Westerns. It also has a Steiner musical score and Marley\u2019s super photography around the California locations. Think what would happen if you mixed The Searchers and Major Dundee together and you get an idea of the type of film on offer. Recommended to Western buffs. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [154093], "youtube_key": "ctzhtwGypwA"}