{"tmdb_id": 170125, "title": "La fille aux neuf perruques", "original_title": "Heute bin ich blond", "slug_title": "la-fille-aux-neuf-perruques", "date": "2013-03-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Sophie a vingt et un ans et des r\u00eaves plein la t\u00eate lorsqu\u2019elle apprend qu\u2019elle est atteinte d\u2019un cancer. Dot\u00e9e d\u2019une \u00e9nergie hors du commun, elle est d\u00e9termin\u00e9e \u00e0 se battre. Quand ses cheveux commencent \u00e0 tomber sous l\u2019effet de la chimioth\u00e9rapie, Sophie a l\u2019impression de perdre sa f\u00e9minit\u00e9. Elle se lance alors dans une fr\u00e9n\u00e9sie d\u2019achat de perruques et imagine un jeu qui, petit \u00e0 petit, va lui donner une force insoup\u00e7onn\u00e9e. Il y aura neuf perruques pour neuf facettes de sa personnalit\u00e9. Sophie sera tour \u00e0 tour Stella, Daisy, Sue, Blondie, Platine, Emma, Pam, Lydia et B\u00e9b\u00e9. Neuf identit\u00e9s qui vont l\u2019aider \u00e0 s\u2019affirmer, \u00e0 devenir elle-m\u00eame, et \u00e0 survivre. Neuf vies en une alors que le temps lui est compt\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dH9Ocqw44qY463kRiwjlRjtah3T.jpg", "actors": ["Lisa Tomaschewsky (Sophie Ritter)", "Karoline Teska (Annabel)", "David Rott (Rob)", "Alice Dwyer (Saskia Ritter)", "Peter Prager (Wolfgang Ritter)", "Alexander Held (Dr. Friedrich Leonhard)", "Jasmin Gerat (Chantal)", "Daniel Zillmann (Pfleger Bastian)", "Katrin Pollitt (Krankenschwester Pauke)", "Sebastian Bezzel (Dozent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A chance to self-discovery, at the end of the life.\r\n\r\nIt is one of my favourite genre, but all the cancer themed movies are not emotional, here it comes a tragicomedy. Based on the bestseller autobiography about a young girl Sophie Ritter, who after discovering she has a rare type of cancer, her daring method of dealing it is what this story expands all the 2 hours for us.\r\n\r\nDespite a dark humour it is still inspiring. One of the ways to tackle the disease with having a positive energy and of course the boost comes from the people around us who cares very much. After all, treatment is a long process, so those ups and downs too this movie shown very well. Especially, the family member's behaviour won't be the same right from the beginning to end. Those phases were the pivot in transformation of each character and their relationship. Including romance as it one of the obstacles which affects mentally beside the physical troubles. And the friendship, that is always there to share and do those mischievous stuffs.\r\n\r\nThe movie opens on the new year's eve celebration in the Belgium city, Antwerp and moves to Hamburg, Germany. Sophie is confident to begin her new life who's going turn 21 the same year. She also meets her man on that night. Followed days, when everything was going fine, the tragic trikes and tosses her world upside down. That's how the real story commence, her journey in the bus of agony where only the rare people takes it and only a very few makes out. In this case, it is a life changing experience, in her expedition she discovers herself, writes a blog, shares, parties and meets other patients. What happens next is again a followed new year's eve where the story concludes.\r\n\r\n> Grandma says that every day I live worth ten years\r\n\r\nAs for what the title says, Sophie is only a young, so she's enthusiastic and passionate in lifestyle, especially when it comes to exhibit her beauty. She won't let her sick to take it away. The idea of nine wigs with nine different names gives a distinct character together. So, 'Today I am Blonde', that's what the original title's meaning. The fake toy doll Stella is the first one you meet and then Daisy, who flirts, Sue, who fights, Fifi, who parties, followed by Lydia, Blondie, Uma, Pam and finally Bebe as a birthday girl. Each personality tells different tales of her new appearance which helps to enjoy the life and realise the world. When she meets an old patient, he tells his perspective of handling the illness and so a little boy along a girl with her own age.\r\n\r\nThe movie '50/50' tells the importance of friendship. In 'The Bucket List', the importance of remaining precious days. So if you just look back any of the cancer theme movies you've seen, all of them briefs something valuable in life. Those achievements in a short period of time fulfills the life they are not going to live. That's the reason I always love this theme if it is narrated properly. This film was a slight different having attached comedy to the corner of the main plot which helped the portrayal to trim a bit of sentiments and adds a few fun portions. The contents are little stronger, so suitable for adults and maybe matured and older teens. Since it is established from a real life story definitely a good watch. Nice movie, not bestest among other awesome similar flicks, but worthy.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [69406, 117467, 150056, 367177], "youtube_key": "notfound"}