{"tmdb_id": 170234, "title": "Faithless", "original_title": "Faithless", "slug_title": "faithless", "date": "1932-10-15", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Socialite Carol Morgan romps through the depression and her wealth while breaking up with Bill Wade and getting back together with him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nsPiBs80TfZE9XVLhqtOuiwSAEE.jpg", "actors": ["Tallulah Bankhead (Carol Morgan)", "Robert Montgomery (William 'Bill' Wade)", "Hugh Herbert (Mr. Peter M. Blainey)", "Maurice Murphy (Anthony 'Tony' Wade)", "Louise Closser Hale (First landlady)", "Anna Appel (Mrs. Mandel, Second Landlady)", "Lawrence Grant (Mr. Ledyard)", "Henry Kolker (Mr. Carter)", "Jack Baxley (Candy Store Proprietor)", "Jack Rube Clifford (Truck Driver)", "Jay Eaton (Chez Louise Manager)", "Theresa Harris (Amanda)", "Sterling Holloway (Photographer)", "Tenen Holtz (Diner Proprietor)", "Virginia Howell (Mrs. Blainey)", "Tiny Jones (Little Woman in Bread Line)", "James T. Mack (The Morgan Butler)", "Geneva Mitchell (Party Guest)", "William H. O'Brien (Croupier)", "Marshall Ruth (Party Guest)", "Evelyn Selbie (Hungry Woman in Bread Line)", "Ben Taggart (Officer Clancy)", "Phil Tead (Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank F", "content": "Faithless is a much better than average variation of the depression-era standard plot of \"real men don't sponge off of rich wife.\"\r\n\r\nSocialite Carol Morgan and Bill Wade are deeply in love, but Carol also loves her money and lifestyle and is confident that she will always have them. They part ways and the Great Depression finally wipes out Carol's fortune. What follows is Carol's increasing desperation to live, redeem herself and eventual re-establishment of a relationship with Bill. The path has many struggles."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "xEW01-F6Elg"}