{"tmdb_id": 170522, "title": "Ast\u00e9rix : Le Domaine des dieux", "original_title": "Ast\u00e9rix: Le domaine des dieux", "slug_title": "asterix-le-domaine-des-dieux", "date": "2014-11-26", "genre": ["Animation / Com\u00e9die / Aventure / Familial"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Nous sommes en 50 avant J\u00e9sus-Christ ; toute la Gaule est occup\u00e9e par les Romains\u2026 Toute ? Non ! Car un village peupl\u00e9 d'irr\u00e9ductibles Gaulois r\u00e9siste encore et toujours \u00e0 l'envahisseur. Exasp\u00e9r\u00e9 par la situation, Jules C\u00e9sar d\u00e9cide de changer de tactique : puisque ses arm\u00e9es sont incapables de s\u2019imposer par la force, c\u2019est la civilisation romaine elle-m\u00eame qui saura s\u00e9duire ces barbares gaulois. Il fait donc construire \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 du village un domaine r\u00e9sidentiel luxueux destin\u00e9 \u00e0 des propri\u00e9taires romains : \"Le Domaine des Dieux\".  Nos amis gaulois r\u00e9sisteront-ils \u00e0 l\u2019app\u00e2t du gain et au confort romain ? Leur village deviendra-t-il une simple attraction touristique ?  Ast\u00e9rix et Ob\u00e9lix vont tout faire pour contrecarrer les plans de C\u00e9sar.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uGJmA6bh4gtH2nLMn4wlKazpGlj.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Carel (Ast\u00e9rix (voice))", "Alexandre Astier (Centurion (voice))", "Lionnel Astier (C\u00e9tautomatix (voice))", "Serge Papagalli (Abraracourcix (voice))", "Fran\u00e7ois Morel (Ordralfab\u00e9tix (voice))", "Elie Semoun (Cubitus (voice))", "Guillaume Briat (Ob\u00e9lix (voice))", "Lor\u00e0nt Deutsch (Anglaigus  (voice))", "Alain Chabat (Senator Prospectus (voice))", "G\u00e9raldine Nakache (Dulcia (voice))", "Florence Foresti (Bonemine (voice))", "Laurent Lafitte (Duplicatha (voice))", "Baptiste Lecaplain (Gladiator (voice))", "Brice Fournier (Senator (voice))", "Pascal Demolon (Cordius (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "Like I said in 'Song of the Sea' review, its a 3D animation dominated world. That's mainly in Hollywood, but trend spreading so fast everywhere. Even the Japan shifting gear from anime to 3D anime, I saw it in 'Space Pirate: Captain Harlock'. From a comic book to 2D animation is easy because they are much alike, but it's different when it comes to the 3D. I have seen Micky Mouse and Co transformed into 3D characters that I did not like, because some characters do not suit for that kind of leap. In Micky Mouse, the ears were the biggest drawback. But 'Tintin' was a success and so expecting 'Popeye' would do the same magic which is due next year (2016).\r\n\r\nI have seen all the 'Asterix & Obelix' movies so far from both the format, live-shot and animation, but this is the first 3D animation. I'm so happy that it came overall very well, every detail was retained. Even those mud-smoke/dirt-smoke (whatever it's called) shown exactly as it to be which forms during their fight after the consumption of magic potion. That concept is for comic book, to make understand the readers the situation because the picture is still. But in a motion picture you can show the whole action, if they make that change the trademark will lose. So I must praise the technical side of the movie for the lossless transformation.\r\n\r\nIt's like a new beginning in the series in the 'Asterix & Obelix' franchise. Especially this story was not freshly written for the screen, but taken straight from one of the comic books in the series called 'The Mansions of the Gods'. In 3D animation, emotions, violence, comedies would be a little realistic. That's why the movie like 'Brave', 'Frozen', 'Up' appealed strongly on the sentimental side. Gaul's favourite food, the wild boar hunting was compromised, because children would be watching the movie and it might disturb on the softer side of them. Just like the filmmakers avoided the Giant's children and women in 'Jack the Giant Slayer'.\r\n\r\nOne of the best things in 'Asterix & Obelix' movies is that the movie might not be awesome, but still it entertains and keeps you engaged. You can't spot the flaws, in animation all are relevant. A man can jump 1000 feet high and leap a mile away. So if there should be something, that must come from the technical side. Since it (Gauls in 3D) is new and so much fun, you can't concentrate finding those faults or you will miss the actual enjoyment.\r\n\r\n> \u2018\u2018It's weird that the house looks like a box.\u2019\u2019\r\n\r\nAs usual the story set in the first BC. The Gaul's enemy the Romans comes with a new strategy to defeat them. They begin to build the large mansions near to their village and later to invade by seducing the community by the Roman culture. So the fight begins between them where the innocent civilians and black slaves get affect more. But Gaul's main intention is to keep the ecosystem unaffected, especially they're against the Romans modern fancy civilization. What happens to the Julius Caeser's 'Veni, Vidi, Vici' is the movie's final battle to disclose.\r\n\r\nProbably a best 'Asterix & Obelix' movie compared to the previous couple of movies. Good to see a non-Hollywood 3D animated movie with a great quality and doing well commercially as well. A whole family together watchable movie, not only for the children. Hoping for the a sequel, I mean very soon. All the above it was short and sweet which runs about 80 minutes. If you are a fan of this comic, you will love it, because lots of the frames look alike. Must be dedicated  to the fans.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9642, 99770, 2899, 2395], "youtube_key": "_Npe5FV_dTA"}