{"tmdb_id": 171130, "title": "Starlift", "original_title": "Starlift", "slug_title": "starlift", "date": "1951-12-14", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Air Force fliers Rick Williams and Mike Nolan attempt to meet film star Nell Wayne, with whom Rick shares a hometown but not much else. Fellow film stars Doris Day and Ruth Roman mistakenly believe Rick to be very close to Nell and arrange for him to meet her. The pair begin to form a match, especially after Nell, Doris, and Ruth arrange for Hollywood stars to perform for G.I.s in transit to and from the Korean War, at Travis Air Base. But Nell thinks Rick is getting ready to ship out to the war, when in reality, he and Mike ferry troops part of the way then return to Travis Air Base with returning soldiers. Nell is furious with Rick for letting her believe he was headed to a war zone, especially because the press has made a huge story of their romance. Meantime, a new program, Operation Starlift, has been set in place by the Air Force and the Hollywood studios, whereby stars are flown to San Francisco to perform for the outbound and inbound troops", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rfXtFG9smjF8mxgFBekv83RZN6x.jpg", "actors": ["Doris Day (Doris Day)", "Gordon MacRae (Gordon MacRae)", "Virginia Mayo (Virginia Mayo)", "Gene Nelson (Gene Nelson)", "Ruth Roman (Ruth Roman)", "Janice Rule (Nell Wayne)", "Dick Wesson (Sgt. Mike Nolan)", "Ron Hagerthy (Cpl. Rick Williams)", "Richard Webb (Col. Callan)", "Hayden Rorke (Chaplain)", "Howard St. John (Steve Rogers)", "James Cagney (James Cagney)", "Gary Cooper (Gary Cooper)", "Virginia Gibson (Virginia Gibson)", "Phil Harris (Phil Harris)", "Frank Lovejoy (Frank Lovejoy)", "Lucille Norman (Lucille Norman)", "Louella Parsons (Louella Parsons)", "Randolph Scott (Randolph Scott)", "Jane Wyman (Jane Wyman)", "Patrice Wymore (Patrice Wymore)", "Peter Marshall (Noonan and Marshall)", "Tommy Noonan (Noonan and Marshall)", "LeRoy Prinz (LeRoy Prinz)", "Joe Turkel (Litter Case)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "bebOfmWRbyY"}