{"tmdb_id": 171164, "title": "Brothers in Law", "original_title": "Brothers in Law", "slug_title": "brothers-in-law", "date": "1957-03-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Roger Thursby (Ian Carmichael) is an overly keen, newly-qualified barrister who rubs his fellow barristers up the wrong way. When he is thrown in at the deep-end, with a particularly hot-tempered judge (Miles Malleson) and tricky case, Thursby learns how to prove himself not only to the judge and fellow barristers but also to the public gallery.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/moTQE2vl0v8VRYtPECJbOuEi8BI.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Attenborough (Henry Marshall)", "Ian Carmichael (Roger Thursby)", "Terry-Thomas (Alfred Green)", "Jill Adams (Sally Smith)", "Leslie Phillips (Shop Assistant)", "Henry B. Longhurst (Rev. Arthur Thursby)", "Edith Sharpe (Mrs. Thursby)", "Eric Barker (Alec Blair)", "Miles Malleson (Kendall Grimes Q.C.)", "John Le Mesurier (His Honour Judge Ryman)", "Irene Handl (Mrs. Potter)", "Olive Sloane (Mrs. Newent)", "Penny Morrell (Rosalie Biddle)", "Stuart Saunders (Major Biddle)", "Peggy Ann Clifford (Mrs. Bristow)", "Nicholas Parsons (Charles Poole)", "John Welsh (Mr. Justice Fanshawe)", "Llewellyn Rees (Farrant Q.C.)", "Raymond Huntley (Tatlock Q.C.)", "Robert Raglan (Cleaver)", "Everley Gregg (Mrs. Barber)", "John Warren (Mr. Venner)", "John Boxer (Mr. Johnson)", "Wyndham Goldie (Mr. Smith)", "Basil Dignam (Mr. Justice Emery)", "Kynaston Reeves (Mr. Justice Lawson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Frightfully sorry old boy!\r\n\r\nNewly qualified and wet behind the ears barrister Roger Thursby joins his flatmate Henry Marshall as trainee at a London law firm. After a bout of confusion, Thursby finds himself defending a case and is hopelessly out of his depth, where the only thing he wins is the scorn of the judge! Things are further compounded by the fact that both Roger and Henry have designs on pretty Sally Smith who lives on the top floor. But a chance encounter with 17 time offender Alfred Green is going to turn Roger's world upside down.\r\n\r\nAs British as Fish & Chips is Brothers In Law. Starring Richard Attenborough (Henry), Ian Carmichael (Roger), Terry-Thomas (Alfred Green) and brought to us by the supreme talents of Roy and John Boulting, it's a cheeky and charming satire on the British wig wearing legal eagles.\r\n\r\nThe film opens with Shakespeare's quote from Henry VI (Part 2), \"The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers,\" from there we follow the sprightly Carmichael as he bumbles his way through a series of court encounters and a bad golf day with Judge Ryman (the irrepressible and elegant John Le Mesurier). Aided by a nice sub-plot that sees Attenborough and Carmichael chase the delectable Jill Adams as Sally Smith, Brothers In Arms is really just unfussy film making.\r\n\r\nThings further gather a pace once Terry-Thomas arrives on the scene as Alfred Green. With a full head of hair and gap in tooth prominent as usual, the film, and Roger's fortunes, considerably changes. It should be noted, however, that Thomas is only in the film for a very short time, and he doesn't turn up until past the hour mark. So fans of his should not expect a Terry-Thomas vehicle, in fact that the film is included in the Thomas Region 2 Collection Box Set is somewhat perplexing.\r\n\r\nOther notable British stars such as Eric Barker, Nicholas Parsons, Irene Handl and Leslie Phillips pop up along the way. While Benjamin Frankel's music has that lovely plink plonk comedy feel to really aid the charm on offer. Based on the novel written by Henry Cecil (himself a judge), Brothers In Arms achieves all it sets out to do. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}