{"tmdb_id": 171297, "title": "Meet Mr Lucifer", "original_title": "Meet Mr Lucifer", "slug_title": "meet-mr-lucifer", "date": "1953-11-30", "genre": ["Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "A T.V. set given as a retiremant present is sold on to different households causing misery each time.  One of the Ealing comedies.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t5fegUWFYt4nYFfIw8njLdQdhcI.jpg", "actors": ["Stanley Holloway (Sam Hollingsworth / Mr Lucifer)", "Peggy Cummins (Kitty Norton)", "Jack Watling (Jim Norton)", "Kay Kendall (Lonely Hearts Singer)", "Ian Carmichael (Man Friday)", "Joan Sims (Fairy Queen)", "Gordon Jackson (Hector)", "Dandy Nichols (Mrs. Clarke)", "Ernest Thesiger (Mr. Macdonald)", "Jean Cadell (Mrs. Macdonald)", "Joseph Tomelty (Mr. Pedelty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Devil's Goggle Box.\r\n\r\nMeet Mr. Lucifer is directed by Anthony Pelissier and adapted to screenplay by Monja Danischewsky from Arnold Ridley's (later to play private Godfrey in the long running situation comedy) Dad's Army) play (Beggar My Neighbour). It stars Stanley Holloway, Peggy Cummins, Jack Watling, Barbara Murray, Joseph Tomelty, Humphrey Lestocq and Gordon Jackson. Music is by Eric Rogers and cinematography by Desmond Dickinson.\r\n\r\nOut of Ealing Studios, Meet Mr. Lucifer is one of that great studio's lesser lights. Homing in on a sort of fear of the new home entertainment of the 50s, that of the TV set, plot features a television set that moves from owner to owner and causes nothing but trouble for said owners. This of course is the work of Old Nick himself, here essayed with a glint in his eye by Holloway. Sadly the attempts at satire miss the mark, leaving us with a somewhat uneven mix of comedy and seriousness. On the plus side it opens the eyes to the iffy quality on the TV in the early 50s, while there's a roll call of fine British actors in the supporting (cameo) slots.\r\n\r\nInterestingly the Ealing hierarchy were very wary of the themes at the core of the picture, which explains why Pelissier was fetched in to direct. Knowing they themselves were uncommitted to the production goes some way to explaining the flat feel to it all. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [97820, 214669, 205082, 86790], "youtube_key": "notfound"}