{"tmdb_id": 171691, "title": "Agnus Dei", "original_title": "Agnus Dei", "slug_title": "agnus-dei", "date": "2012-09-28", "genre": ["Familial / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Based on a true story, Agnus Dei is a kind of Oedipus of our days. Peter must find his way to redemption. But the past will make itself known and fate sparingly gives mercy. Can he save himself, or even be saved at all?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xOFiPdqJStG245joo4jOTx53iav.jpg", "actors": ["Dafina Berisha (Maria)", "Astrit Alihajdaraj (Peter)", "Zhaklina Oshtir (Mother Maria)", "Enver Petrovci (Comander Vojvodo)", "\u00c7un Laj\u00e7i (Vuk)", "Lumnie Sopi ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Diana Stevenson", "content": "The fifth and final film of the Cinequest Film Festival was AGNUS DEI back at the Camera 12. Based on a true story, the film takes place during the Kosovo war. Peter (Astrit Alihajdaraj) is a teacher, loves his mom very much, despises his drunken lush of a father, and refuses to fight in the war. However, he's forced to join against his will, and soon becomes one of the finest and respected soldiers ever. But the slaughtering of the innocent civilians has worn him down, and he risks his life saving an Albanian girl named Maria (the beautiful Dafina Berisha). They travel back to Peter's mom's house, only to discover a terrible family secret that will destroy Peter's entire world.\r\nSo this was based on a true story?! Unbelievable as it may sound, but it is indeed all true. Director Agim Sopi wrote the screenplay after reading a article in the paper about a man who discovered a secret family lie that unfortunately killed him. Sopi's directing is brilliant, capturing the ugliness of war and the lost of one man's ability to cope with what he has done.Astrit Alihajdaraj was Peter, no question about it. When I was watching the film, all I saw was Peter, not an actor. Dafina Berisha (with her mouth dropping beauty) was amazing in the film, propelling Peter to finally do the right thing. This was the film's last screening, but you can check out the film's official website at www.agnusdei-movie.com.\r\n\r\nPosted by Philip Castor"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}