{"tmdb_id": 171776, "title": "Sparks", "original_title": "Sparks", "slug_title": "sparks", "date": "2013-03-01", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Un justicier masqu\u00e9, Sparks, d\u00e9couvre le c\u00f4t\u00e9 sombre de l'h\u00e9ro\u00efsme. Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre dress\u00e9 contre le criminel le plus connu du pays, sa vie et sa r\u00e9putation vont \u00eatre ruin\u00e9es.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eNlwlxXRjTUMcSQouLDfBPqPpK6.jpg", "actors": ["Chase Williamson (Ian Sparks)", "Ashley Bell (Lady Heavenly)", "Clancy Brown (Archer)", "Jake Busey (Sledge)", "William Katt (Matanza)", "Marina Squerciati (Dawn)", "Clint Howard (Gordon Eldridge)", "Scott Rinker (Mr. Docherty)", "David Sobolov (Driver)", "Larry Cedar (Mr. Prather)", "Esteban Cueto (Cain)", "Dave Hanson (Blasini)", "Stephen Kearin (Concierge)", "Jeremy Rowley (Orson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A superhero noir!**\r\n\r\nI don't know where to begin, but the film kicked off with the heavy influence of 'Kick-Ass' and 'Sin City'. But the actual film was based on the graphic novel. Though the overall film looks so different, mainly because of the characters. The story was not anything extraordinary, not event the stunts which very essential for a theme like this. I don't know what the budget was, but looks like it made with a tight financial circumstance. The quality was acceptable, even though falls short to entertain us.\r\n\r\nIt was not high-end superhero film, Kind of a superhero noir. The costumes were not fancy enough to attract. I think the actors were not bad, only their roles were. Written, produced and directed by some unknown B movie filmmaker who also the brain of the original graphic novel. He had a decent source, but the modern superhero films need those magical touch of twists and turns where this in lacked thoroughly. Seeing the reviews and ratings, it looks like some people liked it, but don't get deceived by that. I'm not saying it was so bad, but I was not impressed, so anlyse it well before picking up to watch.\r\n\r\n_4.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [167919, 79915, 7517, 249169]}