{"tmdb_id": 17209, "title": "Madhouse", "original_title": "Madhouse", "slug_title": "madhouse", "date": "2004-07-30", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Alarm\u00e9 par l'atmosph\u00e8re pesante et sordide de l'asile dans lequel il vient d'\u00eatre affect\u00e9, Clark Stevens, jeune interne en psychiatrie, d\u00e9cide d'enqu\u00eater sur le pass\u00e9 de cet h\u00f4pital. Il rencontre alors un \u00e9trange patient qui semble pouvoir lui en apprendre davantage sur le petit gar\u00e7on qui arpente les couloirs la nuit...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wEVNTUl8Uc5tht3BCVAzhuB5TiD.jpg", "actors": ["Joshua Leonard (Clark Stevens)", "Jordan Ladd (Sara)", "Natasha Lyonne (Alice)", "Lance Henriksen (Dr. Franks)", "Dendrie Taylor (Nurse Hendricks)", "Leslie Jordan (Dr. Morton)", "Patrika Darbo (Betty)", "Christian Leffler (Drake)", "Newell Alexander (Dr. Douglas)", "Dan Callahan (Dr. Hendricks)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We all go a little crazy sometimes.\r\n \r\nStraight to DVD fare it may be, but it has some merit as a spooker to make it worth spending time with. Plot finds Joshua Leonard as a psychiatric intern who arrives at Cunningham Hall Mental Facility and quickly finds that all is not as it seems.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s hardly an original concept, that of a mental asylum housing something sinister, either supernatural or of human origin, but director and co-writer William Butler has a good feel for a chilly atmosphere, while he\u2019s not scrimping on the shocks and terrifying imagery either.\r\n \r\nThe asylum is a suitably depressing place, unhealthily cold to look at and the patients milling about the place are the requisite hot-pot of sad cases and the disturbed. Then there is the basement ward, of course, where the extreme cases are kept in cells, and it looks like something straight out of Hades.\r\n \r\nJordan Ladd is on hand for eye candy and romantic thread duties, and Lance Henriksen adds his horror weight to the role of Governor of Cunningham Hall. It\u2019s all very competently performed and constructed, the screenplay full of killings, dark corridor peril, secrets and a curveball twist thrown in as well.\r\n \r\nIt doesn\u2019t push any boundaries, so searching for anything new here will only end up in disappointment. Yet it\u2019s stylish and creepy enough to warrant a night in with the lights turned off. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19936, 39268, 66044, 88651], "youtube_key": "aYWrcU0Lqa8"}