{"tmdb_id": 172155, "title": "The Feeding", "original_title": "The Feeding", "slug_title": "the-feeding", "date": "2006-07-11", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "2.3/10", "synopsis": "A werewolf pursues campers in the Appalachian Mountains. Consumed by its legendary bloodlust, the creature begins the hunt for its oldest and most dangerous prey: Man. Special Agent Jack Driscoll has seen this before. The beast is his obsession and his nightmare. Now, he and his new partner must race against the rising moon to save a group of unsuspecting campers. Outmatched and unarmed, the frightened group must rally themselves to survive the night. As their numbers dwindle and their strength wanes, the group scrambles to answer the only question that will save their lives; how do you kill the unkillable?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sFL39hEe8UYrn7lbOd73xtREYZ1.jpg", "actors": ["Kara Maria Amedon (Cynthia)", "Sam Blankenship (Ranger #2)", "Barry Ellenberger (Ranger #1 / Werewolf)", "Ben Green (Phil)", "Lucas N. Hall (Hunter #1)", "Courtney Hogan (Reagan)", "Lynnili James (Elle)", "Jennifer Leigh (Elizabeth)", "Andrew Porter (Allen)", "Robert Pralgo (Jack Driscoll)", "Ben Reed (Clive Burnell)", "Rod Shephard (Ty)", "Hektor Stockton (Dying Werewolf)", "Dione J. Updike (Aimee)", "David Winning (Hunter #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "viciouslollipop", "content": "Wow! And there are people who are homeless and starving...\r\n\r\n\"The Feeding\" was the worst werewolf movie, if not worst movie,that I have seen for quite some time. Absolute and total rubbish, a fly-infested dung heap of cinematic failure...I stayed up late last night to watch this on the SciFi Channel, as I am a huge werewolf/zombie movie fan and I do enjoy a good cheesy B movie(of which the SciFi Channel now obviously owns the patent for:). Having said that, there is only so much I am willing to put up with(exhibit 1-House of the Dead!) The plot was ridiculous(something skulking around on 2 legs is killing deer and other wildlife on a mountaintop;and now it's moving on to humans...so the forest rangers figure it's gotta be a cougar or wolf, since everyone knows they are bipedal predators, right?!) The acting and character development was horrendous(imagine if the director/producer rounded up some students and/or friends and offered them lunch to be in a movie. Most of the actors sounded, and looked,as if they were reading from cue cards. You want the werewolf to eviscerate them all to make it stop, it's so bad!) The dialogue seems to have been written by a monkey on a bender(I won't even go into this, just pick a line...any line) And lastly we have the \"werewolf\"(I put this in quotations b/c it is quite possibly the single worst werewolf I've ever seen on celluloid, and I've seen all of the \"Howling\" movies-lol. The head looks like a papier-mache project some middle-schoolers threw together, and the suit looks like a brown wetsuit with hair haphazardly glued to it. Not to mention every time you see the creature the director has applied this out of focus technique to cover-up how underdone, and ratty,the costume looks.) There was some gore involved, but like everything else in this movie it was a hack job at best. As I stated in the beginning of this review, I like a good B movie...trust me folks, this is an F movie and should be avoided like Paris Hilton. Save yourself now, and run screaming into the night if this movie ever turns up on your telly or some well-meaning friend/spouse brings this home for your enjoyment:)"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}