{"tmdb_id": 172226, "title": "En Secret", "original_title": "In Secret", "slug_title": "en-secret", "date": "2013-09-17", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se et son amant Laurent tuent Camille, le mari de cette derni\u00e8re. Apr\u00e8s leur mariage, le jeune couple re\u00e7oit la visite du fant\u00f4me de Camille, qui va rapidement transformer leur amour naissant en une haine farouche.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oBLKU5TlaH5mzDfVTylQ2D3jjDT.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Olsen (Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Raquin)", "Tom Felton (Camille Raquin)", "Jessica Lange (Madame Raquin)", "Matt Lucas (Olivier)", "Oscar Isaac (Laurent LeClaire)", "Shirley Henderson (Suzanne)", "Mackenzie Crook (Grivet)", "John Kavanagh (Inspector Michaud)", "Lily Laight (Young Th\u00e9r\u00e8se)", "Dimitrije Bogdanov (Young Camille)", "Matt Devere (Therese's Father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A tale of tragic secret affair.**\r\n\r\nI never heard of it, but I found it accidentally and then decided to watch after learning it has a good cast. I mean not that they are the very popular ones right now in the Hollywood, maybe except Elizabeth Olsen, but awesomely played their roles. All the main four characters were very crucial throughout the narration. Like the title say, it was about a secret love affair between a young married woman and her handicapped husband's close friend. In between them, a mother of one of them played an important part in the story that brings a twist in the later part.\r\n\r\nAn affair means, going any extent to achieve what they want for the permanent basis. But not all the affairs, but in this one it gets darker while the story progresses. One thing I liked very much was the tale never intended to label any of its characters as a villain. That balance was so brilliant, but I did not know that, so I always expected something very bad to happen and then, except in one scene which changes the course of the rest of the film. The cinematic feel is there, but it was more like in the real life event.\r\n\r\nNo ones are evil and no ones are heroes, but everyone does all the good and bad things in their life and how serious those harmful acts, particularly how it destroys who are all involved in it was the film excellently told. It was based on the 150 years old French novel. It is also set in at the same time, I mean the 1860s, Paris. The recreation of the era was very good, but my only concern was the pace and the length of the film. Feels boring in some parts, other than that I got no issue with it. Having good actors with a decent direction, still it is like to belong in the B movie category. Though the overall effort from everyone was amazing and that's the reason you should watch it.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [119117, 143928, 89326, 256467], "youtube_key": "XCLBkM4OfSY"}