{"tmdb_id": 1724, "title": "L'Incroyable Hulk", "original_title": "The Incredible Hulk", "slug_title": "l-incroyable-hulk", "date": "2008-06-12", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Aventure", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Le scientifique Bruce Banner cherche d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment un antidote aux radiations gamma qui ont cr\u00e9\u00e9 Hulk. Il vit dans l'ombre, toujours amoureux de la belle Betty Ross et parcourt la plan\u00e8te \u00e0 la recherche d'un rem\u00e8de. La force destructrice de Hulk attire le G\u00e9n\u00e9ral Thunderbolt Ross et son bras droit Blonsky qui r\u00eavent de l'utiliser \u00e0 des fins militaires. Ils tentent de d\u00e9velopper un s\u00e9rum pour cr\u00e9er des soldats surpuissants. De retour aux \u00c9tats-Unis, Bruce Banner se d\u00e9couvre un nouvel ennemi. Apr\u00e8s avoir essay\u00e9 le s\u00e9rum exp\u00e9rimental, Blonsky est devenu L'Abomination, un monstre incontr\u00f4lable dont la force pure est m\u00eame sup\u00e9rieure \u00e0 celle de Hulk. Devenu fou, il s'est transform\u00e9 en plein c\u0153ur de New York. Pour sauver la ville de la destruction totale, Bruce Banner va devoir faire appel au monstre qui sommeille en lui...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/42I6qYrwyPFjyCIYVmRneeHeaIX.jpg", "actors": ["Edward Norton (Bruce Banner / The Hulk)", "Liv Tyler (Betty Ross)", "Tim Roth (Emil Blonsky / Abomination)", "William Hurt (General Thaddeus \"Thunderbolt\" Ross)", "Tim Blake Nelson (Dr. Samuel Sterns)", "Ty Burrell (Dr. Leonard Samson)", "Christina Cabot (Major Kathleen Sparr)", "Peter Mensah (General Joe Greller)", "Lou Ferrigno (Voice of The Incredible Hulk / Security Guard)", "Paul Soles (Stanley)", "D\u00e9bora Nascimento (Martina)", "Greg Bryk (Commando)", "Chris Owens (Commando)", "Al Vrkljan (Commando)", "Adrian Hein (Commando)", "John MacDonald (Commando)", "Shaun McComb (Helicopter Soldier)", "Simon Wong (Grad Student)", "Pedro Salv\u00edn (Tough Guy Leader)", "Julio Cesar Torres Dantas (Tough Guy)", "Raimundo Camargo Nascimento (Tough Guy)", "Nick Alachiotis (Tough Guy)", "Jason Burke (Communications Officer)", "Grant Nickalls (Helicopter Pilot)", "Joris Jarsky (Soldier)", "Arnold Pinnock (Soldier)", "Jason Hunter (Cop)", "Tig Fong (Cop)", "Maxwell McCabe-Lokos (Cab Driver)", "David Collins (Medical Technician)", "John Carvalho (Plant Manager)", "Robin Wilcock (Sniper)", "Wayne Robson (Boat Captain)", "Javier Lambert (Guatemalan Trucker)", "Martin Starr (Computer Nerd)", "Chris Ratz (Young Guy)", "Todd Hofley (Apache Helicopter Pilot)", "Joe La Loggia (Soldier)", "Tamsen McDonough (Colleague)", "Michael Kenneth Williams (Harlem Bystande)", "Roberto Bakker (Market Vendor)", "Ruru Sacha (Supply Driver)", "James Downing (Army Base Doctor)", "Rickson Gracie (Aikido Instructor)", "Stephen Gartner (Ross's Soldier)", "Nicholas Rose (McGee)", "Genelle Williams (Terrified Gal)", "P.J. Kerr (Wilson)", "Jee-Yun Lee (Reporter)", "Desmond Campbell (Gunner)", "Deshaun Clarke (Little Boy)", "Tony Nappo (Brave Cop)", "Aaron Berg (Soldier)", "David Meunier (Soldier)", "Tre Smith (Soldier)", "Moses Nyarko (Soldier)", "Carlos A. Gonzalez (BOPE Officer)", "Yan Regis (Medic Soldier)", "Stephen Broussard (Handsome Soldier)", "Robert Morse (Command Van Soldier)", "Matt Purdy (Ross's Aide)", "Lenka Matuska (Female Medical Assistant)", "Scott Magee (Humvee Driver)", "Wes Berger (Sterns Lab Soldier)", "Carla Nascimento (Large Woman)", "Krista Vendy (Female Bartender)", "Mila Stromboni (Hopscotch Girl)", "Stan Lee (Milwaukee Man Drinking From Bottle (uncredited))", "Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long form review originally posted in 2011:**\r\n\r\nDubbed as a \u201cre-quel\u201d, _The Incredible Hulk_ was first released in 2008, and now, I\u2019m here to review it in the line of Marvel films I\u2019m getting through a the moment. \r\n\r\nI always like to think of films individually, but with the Marvel Cinematic Universe getting so big, that can be rather difficult to do. So though I may comment on films in relation to their sequels, remakes, prequels, spin-offs, parodies and the like, know that my final score out of ten is always based purely on the films merits, or lack thereof. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s pretty crazy seeing Edward Norton (_American History X, Fight Club, Red Dragon, Kingdom of Heaven, Pride and Glory, Stone_) as a very scrawny Bruce Banner, considering that he turns into the giant, muscular Hulk. But to me it totally worked. As an interesting side-note, Norton co-wrote the script, which may or may not have contributed to his being ousted as Banner for any future films after the movie was released. Not because the script is particularly awful or anything, but because as a general rule production doesn\u2019t like actors getting all up in \"dey grillz\" half way through. Although it\u2019s not like Norton\u2019s never done this sort of thing before.\r\n\r\nUnder-appreciated Tim Roth (_Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, Planet of the Apes, Lie to Me, Rob Roy_) is also excellent (as far as I\u2019m concerned) playing the role of Abomination/Emil Blonsky. Interesting side-note, no, he\u2019s not related to Eli Roth, who\u2019s also a friend and actor of Quentin Tarantino and his films.\r\n\r\nUltimately, _The Incredible Hulk_ is a fine film, but it just can\u2019t stand up to the superior writing and character building of Thor, Iron Man or Iron Man 2. Liv Tyler (_The Strangers, The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Armageddon_) is rather a non-event as supposed love interest Betty Ross. And William Hurt (_Robin Hood, A History of Violence, The Village, A.I.: Artificial Intelligence, Dark City_) as semi-antagonist General Thunderbolt Ross, is nothing but annoying (although it is pretty cool to see just how much they got him looking like the comic book character he is based on.\r\n\r\nYou would\u2019ve thought that having a modern day Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde story to run with, backing from the success of the franchise you\u2019ve got supporting you, that it would be easy to write strong characters, unfortunately, it\u2019s not the case. And while the action sequences are cool, and the fighting is possibly some of the best that Marvel\u2019s come up with, it\u2019s not enough to bring this film up to the standards of the other 3. The film lacks the flair I\u2019m sure everyone would be expecting, and while it\u2019s a perfectly good monster-movie movie, perhaps a completely separate Super Hero origin story would have been better than the overly-CGI-ridden quasi-sequel to 2003\u2019s _The Hulk_ that we ended up with.\r\n\r\n66%\r\n\r\n_-Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "It's an improvement on the Ang Lee film only in the sense that the smashy smashy bits are more entertaining than the previous film's thinky thinky bits. But the fact that the entire film is just one long extended fight scene is disappointing to us who enjoy the darker, more emotional beats of the Hulk's story. I enjoy this movie quite a bit as a well put together piece of fluff entertainment, but I hold no delusions that even Marvel Studios couldn't get the definitive version of Hulk on screen."}], "recommandations_id": [1927, 36668, 10138, 1979]}