{"tmdb_id": 172520, "title": "Coldwater", "original_title": "Coldwater", "slug_title": "coldwater", "date": "2013-03-10", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Brad est un adolescent impliqu\u00e9 dans plusieurs petits d\u00e9lits. Ses parents d\u00e9cident de le faire emmener de force dans le camp de redressement pour mineurs tr\u00e8s isol\u00e9 de Coldwater. Les jeunes d\u00e9tenus sont coup\u00e9s du monde ext\u00e9rieur, subissent des violences tant physiques que psychologiques et n\u2019ont d\u2019autre choix que de survivre ou de s\u2019\u00e9chapper.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6aANN6HQARnErZZvEkosB3r1U51.jpg", "actors": ["P.J. Boudousqu\u00e9 (Brad Lunders)", "James C. Burns (Colonel Frank Reichert)", "Chris Petrovski (Gabriel Nunez)", "Octavius J. Johnson (Jonas Williams)", "Nicholas Bateman (Josh Warrick)", "Stephanie Simbari (Erin Rose)", "Mackenzie Sidwell Graff (Casey)", "Clayton LaDue (Trevor)", "Scott MacArthur (Gillis)", "Raquel Gardner (Doris Lunders)", "Douglas Bennett (Dr. William Jenson)", "Tommy Nash (Powell)", "Stephen Todt (Inmate)", "David Hill (Police Officer)", "Bailey Anne Borders (Holly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When a reform camp becomes a torture chamber...\r\n\r\nThe concept was inspired by the real, but I was not expecting a camp like this practically exist. I mean, I'm familiar with juvenile detention and reform centres, not something like this. It was more like an another American thing, especially for kids with the tough attitude and of course who are a junkie. The institution is not the issue, but privatisation was the.\r\n\r\nYou might have heard it a million times that PJ Boudousque was looked alike Ryan Gosling. I thought he was related to him, but he was not. Anyway, it was a perfect launch, might have not an overwhelmed movie, but he got a chance to appear in a proficient role for the first time in front of the camera.\r\n\r\nA fair quality product for half a million budgets. Slightly a weak narration, especially after a fine first and third act, I felt something was missing in between. I was anticipating a strong conclusion, but it was way stronger and unexpectedly a violent just like 'Bellflower'. I think worth a watch if you limit your expectation.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43920, 192623, 232580, 319348], "youtube_key": "h6YY3SHpcPo"}