{"tmdb_id": 172585, "title": "The Secret Place", "original_title": "The Secret Place", "slug_title": "the-secret-place", "date": "1957-02-06", "genre": "Crime", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/81hns7rrpIZV4oSYMX8BAebefBA.jpg", "actors": ["Belinda Lee (Molly Wilson)", "Michael Brooke (Freddie Haywood)", "David McCallum (Mike Wilson)", "Ronald Lewis (Gerry Carter)", "Michael Gwynn (Steve Waring)", "Geoffrey Keen (Mr. Haywood)", "Maureen Pryor (Mrs. Haywood)", "George Selway (Paddy)", "George A. Cooper (Harry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Diamonds are not forever.\r\n\r\nThe Secret Place is directed by Clive Donner and written by Linette Perry. It stars Belinda Lee, Ronald Lewis, Michael Brooke, Michael Gwynn, Geoffrey Keen and David McCallum. Music is by Clifton Parker and cinematography by Ernest Steward,\r\n\r\nLittle seen and heard of piece of British noir, The Secret Place sits somewhere in between good and frustrating. Plot involves London crooks enacting a gems robbery and finding themselves at the mercy of an adolescent boy and his secret place.\r\n\r\nFirst and foremost the pluses here far outweigh the negatives. The cast list is a veritable roll call of British actors who need no introduction to fans of British film and TV. The cinematography on show is perpetually film noir in look, where cinematographer Steward (The 39 Steps/Payroll) fills 90% of the pic with monochrome menace and dark cloaked actions. The robbery at the center of the tale is suspenseful and has a cheeky glint in its eye, and with the cast on form - bolstered by an excellent child acting turn from Brooke, production value from London locales is bang on the money.\r\n\r\nHowever, the pacing of the pic is an issue, where as much as you want some depth to characterisations, the back and forward expansion of the key players takes up the bulk of the running time. It's also sad to report that the finale just fizzles out as a damp squib, almost as if the Hays Code was still in force and thriving in Britain! Is there still enough to keep this above average? Yes, definitely, but it's not a hidden gem by any stretch of the imagination. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}