{"tmdb_id": 172828, "title": "Bad Milo!", "original_title": "Bad Milo!", "slug_title": "bad-milo", "date": "2013-08-28", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Coinc\u00e9 entre un boulot qui l'ennuie et sa famille qui le brime, Duncan est loin d'\u00eatre heureux. Sa vie tourne carr\u00e9ment au cauchemar lorsqu'il est pris de douleurs intestinales aig\u00fces. Il s'av\u00e8re bient\u00f4t qu'une bestiole immonde et ultra-violente est \u00e0 l'origine de ses maux...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1dmHunFILNXKzjOkl1A7IIsTI58.jpg", "actors": ["Ken Marino (Duncan)", "Gillian Jacobs (Sarah)", "Peter Stormare (Highsmith)", "Stephen Root (Roger)", "Patrick Warburton (Phil)", "Mary Kay Place (Beatrice)", "Nick Jaine (Abilash)", "Jonathan Daniel Brown (Joey)", "Toby Huss (Dr. Yeager)", "Adrian Quinonez (Janitor)", "Claudia Choi (Jillian)", "Erik Charles Nielsen (Allistair)", "Kumail Nanjiani (Bobbi)", "Steve Zissis (Dr. Yip / Milo (voice))", "Jake Broder (Bradley)", "Diana Toshiko (Brittany)", "Tisha French (Susan)", "Sergio Enrique (FBI Agent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The Men's version of the movie TEETH.\r\n\r\nClearly I was delaying this watch for over the past couple of years. Finally, I ended watching it during this holiday season (December 2015). I am glad to get over with it and sad for dragging it this far, because the film was not that bad as I have heard.\r\n\r\nMay be we call it the men's version of the movie 'Teeth'. Since the sexual intercourse is kind of complication for the theme from this movie to draw a better storyline, they have introduced a fictional character that detachable from the human body. That is very funny as well as disgusting.\r\n\r\nThis horror-comedy was average, but very enjoyable and better than being a worse. It was a short flick and had a surprise twist and turns, but the quality to excite us is what's missing. Had a decent story, but the scenes that constructed were not top notch. Being a B movie is that why it passes the flaws' test because of the restricted budget and for not having a top star in the lead. Simply one time watch movie and nothing a big deal about it.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157115, 10288, 262840, 17287]}