{"tmdb_id": 173466, "title": "WWE SummerSlam 1988", "original_title": "WWE SummerSlam 1988", "slug_title": "wwe-summerslam-1988", "date": "1988-08-29", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "SummerSlam (1988) was the first annual SummerSlam professional wrestling pay-per-view event. It was produced by the World Wrestling Federation and took place on August 29, 1988 in Madison Square Garden, located in New York, New York. The PPV was created to help the company compete against rival promotion World Championship Wrestling. It was one of the first four annual pay-per-view events produced by the WWF.  The main match of the preliminary bouts was the WWF Intercontinental Championship match between The Ultimate Warrior and the reigning champion The Honky Tonk Man. The Ultimate Warrior won the match in approximately thirty seconds to end the longest Intercontinental Championship reign. The main event was a match pitting The Mega Powers (Hulk Hogan and Randy Savage) against their long-time rivals, The Mega Bucks (Ted DiBiase and Andr\u00e9 the Giant). Hogan and Savage won the match after Miss Elizabeth distracted the special guest referee by removing her skirt to reveal a bikini bottom.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zKmPZ4T9xvjuPeuwnyXQHMpUFhP.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Randy Savage (\u201cMacho Man\u201d Randy Savage)", "Ted DiBiase (\"The Million Dollar Man\" Ted DiBiase)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Elizabeth Hulette (Miss Elizabeth)", "Bobby Heenan (Bobby \"The Brain\" Heenan)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Jake \"The Snake\" Roberts)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "James Ware (\"The Mouth Of The South\" Jimmy Hart)", "Adolph Bresciano (Himself)", "Don Muraco (Himself)", "The Honky Tonk Man (The Honky Tonk Man)", "Jimmy Hart (\"The Mouth Of The South\" Jimmy Hart)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Richard Erwin Rood (\"Ravishing\" Rick Rude)", "Sylvester Ritter (Junkyard Dog)", "Davey Boy Smith (Himself)", "Thomas Billington (The Dynamite Kid)", "Jacques Rougeau (Himself)", "Allen Coage (Bad News Brown)", "James Harrell (Boris Zhukov)", "Raymond Rougeau (Himself)", "Ken Patera (Himself)", "Sione Vailahi (The Barbarian)", "Terry Szopinski (The Warlord)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}