{"tmdb_id": 173681, "title": "The Great Outdoors: American Summer", "original_title": "The Great Outdoors: American Summer", "slug_title": "the-great-outdoors-american-summer", "date": "2010-03-04", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Summertime in America... For most, it means swimming pools, baseball, and beaches, but to a select few, to our people, the summer means only one thing...Outdoor Motocross.  All access was granted by the world's best riders. The TGO crew stepped inside their boots, showcasing their lives during the week and at the races. A first for the series is this intimate look at our MX heroes and their families as they attempt to take on the toughest sport out there.  In the 450 class, an unlikely champion was crowned. American hopefuls Mike Alessi, Andrew Short and Josh Grant faced off against the 2 time SX Champion, Australia's Chad Reed. Injuries, drama, and surprise performances turned the season upside down.  The 250's battled all summer long with an eclectic and world-class line up. As the season came down to the wire, Team Suzuki's Ryan Dungey and Pro Circuit's Christophe Pourcel traded blows respectively, only to end in heartache for one and triumph for the other.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/whoFbZrPy8zgdgkBZH7rEuehCOa.jpg", "actors": ["Mike Alessi (Himself)", "Chad Reed (Himself)", "Andrew Short (Himself)", "Ryan Dungey (Himself)", "Christophe Pourcel (Himself)", "Josh Grant (Himself)", "Ryan Villopoto (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "uWsqKo1HhU4"}