{"tmdb_id": 17360, "title": "\u00c0 nous la victoire", "original_title": "Escape to Victory", "slug_title": "a-nous-la-victoire", "date": "1981-06-17", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Comment s'\u00e9vader d'un camp de prisonniers tout en gagnant un match de foot contre les nazis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wHbwsEtXRWxncYvH7LCYuQ19MOo.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Caine (Captain John Colby)", "Sylvester Stallone (Captain Robert Hatch)", "Max von Sydow (Major Karl von Steiner)", "Pel\u00e9 (Cpl. Luis Fernandez - Allied Soccer Player - The Players: Trinidad)", "Carole Laure (Renee)", "Bobby Moore (Terry Brady - Allied Soccer Player - The Players: England)", "Osvaldo Ardiles (Carlos Rey - Allied Soccer Player - The Players: Argentina)", "Paul Van Himst (Michel Fileu - The Players: Belgium)", "Kazimierz Deyna (Paul Wolchek - The Players: Poland)", "Hallvar Thoresen (Gunnar Hilsson - The Players: Norway)", "Mike Summerbee (Sid Harmor - Allied Soccer Player - The Players: England)", "Co Prins (Pieter Van Beck - The Players: Holland)", "Russell Osman (Doug Clure - The Players)", "John Wark (Arthur Hayes - The Players: Scotland)", "S\u00f8ren Lindsted (Erik Ball - Allied Soccer Player - The Players: Denmark)", "Kevin O'Callaghan (Tony Lewis - Allied Goalkeeper - The Players: Ireland)", "Gary Waldhorn (Mueller - Coach - The Germans)", "George Mikell (Kommandant - The Germans)", "Laurie Sivell (Schmidt - Goalie - The Germans)", "Anton Diffring (Match Commentator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Arguably one of the most unfairly derided boys own movies out there?\r\n\r\nWorld War II and the Nazi officers come up with a propaganda driven idea for the German national football team to play a team composed of Allied Prisoners of War. Led by Capt. John Colby (Michael Caine) the prisoners agree, but there's more than just propaganda at stake here.\r\n\r\nDirected by John Huston in the twilight of his career, Escape To Victory, in spite of it being a perennial Bank Holiday viewing in the UK, is a film that's often used as a kicking post by critics. It's hard to understand why such a fun and harmless piece can cause such derision in cinematic circles. It can't be expectation because when you read the plot, see that Sylvester Stallone is playing in goal and that a tubby 48 year old Caine is the captain of this soccer team!; well surely you know this film isn't all about about cranial depth encompassing the propaganda machinations of the Nazi regime?\r\n\r\nUsing real footballers (notably Pel\u00e9, Bobby Moore and Osvaldo Ardilies) is what makes Escape To Victory work as entertainment for so many people in the UK. Huston, much like Stallone, hadn't got a clue how to make a football based movie. In stepped the footballers to choreograph the film's football sequences, sequences that give the film some truly memorable moments (Pel\u00e9 overhead kick, Ardiles rainbow flick, and erm, Stallone penalty save). They couldn't act for toffee, none of them, but that's where Caine comes in. Guiding them thru their scenes, Caine was highly thought of on the set by the players, a sort of father figure by all accounts, not just on the set, but in the bar too. Stallone excepted (he was off doing his own thing most of the time), it was a happy shoot, and that shows in the movie, the non actors growing in confidence as the movie progresses. While the film ultimately deals in escapist fun, it's not without moments of poignancy too. A sacrificial break for the war effort induces winces across the board, whilst the arrival of the Eastern Block players from the work camps demands our utmost heartfelt attention.\r\n\r\nIs Escape To Victory a great film? No, of course not. But it is a darn good one. A film that's easy to lose oneself in during the holiday periods. With Caine flicking the Vs, Max Von Sydow being classy as usual and some legendary footballers strutting their stuff, what's not to enjoy? Really? 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1825, 9972, 21610, 9604], "youtube_key": "xOxj26vcwMI"}