{"tmdb_id": 173943, "title": "Les salauds vont en enfer", "original_title": "Les salauds vont en enfer", "slug_title": "les-salauds-vont-en-enfer", "date": "1955-12-07", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "En Camargue, deux \u00e9vad\u00e9s en cavale, Macquart et Rudel, trouvent refuge dans la cabane isol\u00e9e d\u2019un jeune couple d\u2019amoureux et abattent sauvagement le compagnon de la s\u00e9duisante \u00c9va. Celle-ci va user de tous ses charmes pour venger l\u2019assassinat de son amant\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ckrD4EaCLJ3rypjXGzuReqPwe0A.jpg", "actors": ["Marina Vlady (Eva)", "Henri Vidal (Pierre Macquart)", "Serge Reggiani (Rudel)", "Jacques Duby (Georges Bagot)", "Robert Dalban (Cl\u00e9ment)", "Marthe Mercadier (Germaine)", "Robert Hossein (Fred)", "Roger Hanin (Un mauvais gar\u00e7on)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Eva is for Ever.\r\n\r\nLes salauds vont en enfer (The Bastards Go to Hell) is directed by Robert Hossein and Hossein co-adapts the screenplay with Ren\u00e9 Wheeler from the Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Dard play. It stars Marina Vlady, Henri Vidal and Serge Reggiani. Music is by Andr\u00e9 Hossein and cinematography by Michel Kelber.\r\n\r\nTwo escaped convicts hole up at a beach house and get more than they bargained for...\r\n\r\n1955 was the year that Robert Hossein starred in Jules Dassin's brilliant crimer, Rififi, it was also the year where he began his directing career with this splendid slice of Frenchie film noir. Pic is very much a two parter, first part focuses on our two protagonists in prison. Standard prison noir rules are adhered to, with the shadows of the bars suitably oppressive, the murky confinements of the surroundings offering up a feeling of sorrowful pessimism. There's even a strong narrative thread that says one of the men may be a rat, which is a problem since they share a cell together! But they want out, and we want them out because we feel their claustrophobia in that there dank miserable prison.\r\n\r\nThen the story goes outside, it's all airy, with sunshine even, but this is noir so darkness is never far away. It's here where we are introduced to our femme fatale, who comes in the form of Eva, played as crafty and sensual by Vlady. A turn of events has brought the three of them together, and as the story plays out there's a whole ream of human traits, foibles and wiles on show. It's all very deliciously sly, a trinity bouncing off of each other with a blend of mistrust and sexual energy. Which shunts us uneasily, yet in eager anticipation as well, towards the finale. Hossein (who also plays a part in the film) knows his noir, and he knows that the best noirs do not cop out at the end. Thus we have, well, the ending here.\r\n\r\nThe only misstep here is the musical score. Scored by Hossein's father, it's far too old school for the play on show, it would be more at home in a silent chiller of the 20s, or some Tod Slaughter twirling moustache horror of the 30s. A shame, for even though it isn't a film killer, a better and more tonally aware composition would have elevated this nifty noir to a grade higher. Also be advised that the subtitles don't hang around, read quickly folks! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}