{"tmdb_id": 174011, "title": "Groucho: A Life in Revue", "original_title": "Groucho: A Life in Revue", "slug_title": "groucho-a-life-in-revue", "date": "2001-12-30", "genre": [""], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Groucho: A Life In Revue highlights the legendary comedian\u2019s life and amazing career. Written by the ultimate authority \u2013 Groucho\u2019s son Arthur Marx \u2013 this comedy with music chronicles the unparalleled rags-to-riches story of America\u2019s funniest entertainer. Groucho is portrayed by Frank Ferrante, whose more than 2,000 performances in this role have earned him critical acclaim worldwide. Groucho: A Life In Revue entertains as a comedy, a play and as a musical. With ten songs and musical underscore throughout, the score captures the comic genius and wildness of Groucho, the Marx Brothers and the times in which they lived.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r752BD6S3wKBPgjvHwmr0KKTd4C.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Ferrante (Groucho Marx)", "Roy Abramsohn (Harpo / Chico Marx)", "Marguerite Lowell (The Girls)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tweissel", "content": "Watching Frank Ferrante become Groucho Marx was an amazing experience, especially for old and crotchety Marx Bros. fans like I am. I was worried that he was going to come across with a stereotyped Groucho impression, the kind you might see Bugs Bunny do, or even Alan Alda's (or, rather, Hawkeye Pierce's) impersonation on M*A*S*H*. You know who they're parodying, but it's not really Groucho. Ferrante, however, captures so many of Groucho's mannerisms and speech habits, from subtle eye rolls to sly grins at the audience, that you soon forget you're watching an impersonation. It's a masterful performance."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "tNfgjBeMF6E"}