{"tmdb_id": 174271, "title": "The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders", "original_title": "The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders", "slug_title": "the-fortunes-and-misfortunes-of-moll-flanders", "date": "1996-10-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "In her filthy cell in Newgate prison Moll Flanders, dubbed 'the wickedest woman in England' tells her story. Born in the gaol, after her mother is transported Moll is raised by the kindly mayor of Colchester and his wife, whose two sons lust after her. She enjoys sex with handsome Rowland, who teaches her that money talks, but, realizing he only wants her as a mistress, she marries his duller brother Robin, who conveniently dies after five years, leaving her wealthy. She goes to London, briefly meeting highwayman Jemmy Seagrove, and marries parvenu draper Daniel Dawkins, but he has huge debts and must flee to France, leaving Moll alone and poor. Moll meets handsome young American sea captain Lemuel Golightly, who marries her and takes her to Virginia and a good life style, along with his mother. They have two children and are blissfully happy until Moll discovers her mother-in-law is also her birth mother. She has married her own brother. She returns to England and poses as wealthy ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3axe2JK3OM9zwYmKisUYY7JmuPD.jpg", "actors": ["James Bowers (Gaoler)", "Alex Kingston (Moll Flanders)", "Geoffrey Beevers (Judge)", "Lucy Evans (Little Moll)", "Anthony Bessick (Gypsy)", "Struan Rodger (Mr. Richardson)", "Peter Jonfield (Parish Officer)", "Neville Phillips (Magistrate)", "Maureen O'Brien (Mrs. Richardson)", "Dawn McDaniel (Emily)", "Caroline Harker (Maria)", "Daniel Craig (James 'Jemmy' Seagrave)", "Roger Ashton-Griffiths (Gent at Mint)", "Tom Ward (Lemuel)", "Diana Rigg (Mrs. Golightly)", "James Fleet (James Bland)", "Nicola Walker (Lucy Diver)", "Christopher Fulford (Daniel Dawkins)", "Nicola Kingston (Moll's Mother)", "Kenn McDonald (Mr. Baggot)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [130858, 167033, 58458, 55657], "youtube_key": "notfound"}