{"tmdb_id": 17431, "title": "Moon", "original_title": "Moon", "slug_title": "moon", "date": "2009-06-12", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Drame", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Sam Bell vit depuis plus de trois ans dans la station lunaire de Selene, o\u00f9 il g\u00e8re l'extraction de l'h\u00e9lium 3, seule solution \u00e0 la crise de l'\u00e9nergie sur Terre. Souffrant en silence de son isolement et de la distance le s\u00e9parant de sa femme et de sa fille, il passe sont temps \u00e0 imaginer leurs retrouvailles. Mais quelques semaines avant la fin de son contrat pour l'entreprise Lunar, Sam se met \u00e0 voir et \u00e0 entendre des choses \u00e9tranges... D'abord convaincu que son isolement y est pour quelque chose, il se retrouve malgr\u00e9 tout \u00e0 enqu\u00eater et d\u00e9couvre que si ses patrons ont pr\u00e9vu de le remplacer, ils n'ont jamais projet\u00e9 de le ramener. \u00c0 moins que ce soit la Lune qui ne souhaite pas le voir partir...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ydmC5WsPEhMZKV7VwQ8jT8hQLlc.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Rockwell (Sam Bell)", "Kevin Spacey (GERTY (voice))", "Dominique McElligott (Tess Bell)", "Rosie Shaw (Little Eve)", "Adrienne Shaw (Nanny)", "Kaya Scodelario (Eve)", "Benedict Wong (Thompson)", "Matt Berry (Overmeyers)", "Malcolm Stewart (Technician)", "Robin Chalk (Sam Bell Clone (double))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Gerty, we're not programmed. We're people, do you understand?\r\n\r\nDirected by Duncan Jones and starring Sam Rockwell, Moon finds Rockwell as Sam Bell who is coming to the end of his three year contract on a lunar station working for Lunar Industries. His only companion is an intelligent computer named GERTY (voiced by Kevin Spacey). When Sam has an accident he awakens to find he is now not alone and all he thought and believed in is just not as it seems.\r\n\r\nForget any fears about a low budget and any plot similarity to 2001: A Space Odyssey, for this is a cracker jack of a science fiction picture. Film quickly fills us in on Sam Bell the man and his function up there on the lunar station. His relationship with GERTY the computer grabs our interest whilst the production design has a sort of medicinal sheen to it. Once Sam's solitude is established, the minimal contact with Earth explained, the pic then spins into another dimension, dragging both Sam and us viewers into the vortex.\r\n\r\nTo say more would be churlish, but this is adult science fiction, clever in existential whiles and scathing with observations on corporate shenanigans. Narratively it's evocative in its telling, even haunting and philosophical, where a brilliant Rockwell nails every inch of Bell's search for being, and crucially, the truth. It's all building towards a finale of some devilish substance, no cop outs or easy fed answers, just a pertinent question asked of the viewers. Moon comes highly recommended to sci-fi fans who are after a bit more than mere sparkly fluff and robotic chaos. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1272, 2666, 9693, 8321]}