{"tmdb_id": 17450, "title": "Pennies from Heaven", "original_title": "Pennies from Heaven", "slug_title": "pennies-from-heaven", "date": "1981-12-11", "genre": ["Drame / Musique / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A musical set in the great Busby Berkeley style. In Chicago during the depression, sheet music salesman, Arthur Parker, is trying to sell his products, but it's not easy to convince unwilling music store owners to buy them. Although he's already married to the somewhat drab Joan, when he meets school teacher Eileen in a music store, he falls in love with her.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pGRQRVqRFu1RvZcdQrGQ7wI5GB3.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Martin (Arthur)", "Bernadette Peters (Eileen)", "Jessica Harper (Joan)", "Vernel Bagneris (The Accordion Man)", "John McMartin (Mr. Warner)", "John Karlen (The Detective)", "Tommy Rall (Ed)", "Christopher Walken (Tom)", "Francis X. McCarthy (The Bartender)", "M.C. Gainey (Young Policeman)", "Tammy O'Rourke (Dancer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Imagination helps endure the harsh realities of the Depression***\r\n\r\nIn the 1930s a struggling sheet music salesman (Steve Martin) tries to escape his dreary existence with his prudish wife (Jessica Harper) to pursue his dream and a cute schoolmarm (Bernadette Peters). The imaginations of the characters help them deal with the harsh realities of the Great Depression. Vernel Bagneris plays a homeless accordion player while Christopher Walken is on hand as a pimp.\r\n\r\n\u201cPennies from Heaven\u201d (1981) is a drama/musical based on the 1978 British mini-series and written by the same guy. The song & dance routines occur about every 7 minutes and are an amusingly kinetic counterpoint to the sad Depression-era dramatics. Martin is his usual comical self, but the drama is definitely not a comedy and contains some seriously unsavory moments. \r\n\r\n\u201cPennies from Heaven\u201d was the precursor to musicals like \u201cChicago\u201d (2002) and \u201cNine\u201d (2009), but those films have superior reality-based stories and far better women, especially \u201cChicago\u201d as far as the women go. But Bernadette is a joy to behold as usual; and Martin is charismatic despite playing a man of dubious character.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 48 minutes and was shot in Illinois (Chicago & Galena) and Southern Cal (the Los Angeles area & Wasco).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [18966, 42158, 110138, 31913], "youtube_key": "Xvd7WTfzCWA"}