{"tmdb_id": 174825, "title": "Guni-Guni", "original_title": "Guni-Guni", "slug_title": "guni-guni", "date": "2012-08-21", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Thirty years ago, an unborn child was buried in the garden of what is now a boardinghouse in Cubao. It lies beneath the ground, unbeknownst to the tenants who live there. One of the tenants is Mylene (Lovi Poe) who appears like the perfect girl, nice, pretty and at the top of her Medicine class. But nobody knows about her past, not even the man who loves her most, Paolo (Benjamin Alvez). Paolo doesn't know anything about Mylene's family, her long, lost sibling or her estranged, nervous wreck of a mother. Nor does he know about the very long scar that runs across Mylene's body, nor of how incomplete she always feels. And he finds that the more he tries to win back her love, the more she retreats to her secret world that nobody could enter.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/czqEBnqp17pcp6Nrh4GMifKJpjp.jpg", "actors": ["Lovi Poe (Mylene)", "Benjamin Alves (Paolo)", "Empress Schuck (Joanna)", "Julia Clarete (Vangie)", "Jaime Fabregas (Tatay Narding)", "Gina Alajar (Mrs. Arevalo)", "James Blanco (Angelo)", "Neil Ryan Sese (Eddie)", "Gerald Pesigan (JayJay)", "Ria Garcia (Alicia)", "Isay Alvarez (Mother of Mylene)", "Ces Quesada (Mrs. Garay)", "Chinggoy Alonzo (Dr. Gonzaga)", "Zeppi Borromeo (Jonas)", "Guji Lorenzana (Javier)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}