{"tmdb_id": 175574, "title": "Dr\u00f4les de dindes", "original_title": "Free Birds", "slug_title": "droles-de-dindes", "date": "2013-10-30", "genre": "Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Reggie, une dinde, tente de faire comprendre \u00e0 ses cong\u00e9n\u00e8res que s'ils sont engraiss\u00e9s, c'est pour finir dans une assiette \u00e0 l'occasion de la f\u00eate de Thanksgiving. Mais, surprise, Reggie est graci\u00e9 par le Pr\u00e9sident des Etats-Unis. Habitant dans une demeure confortable, il est alors enlev\u00e9 par Jake, un dindon rebelle. Il l'oblige \u00e0 voyager avec lui, dans le pass\u00e9, gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 une machine \u00e0 remonter le temps afin de retourner aux origines de cette tradition, pour y mettre fin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/966RGYD6Wkd0Yhe86QCd3W8ImZX.jpg", "actors": ["Owen Wilson (Reggie (voice))", "Woody Harrelson (Jake (voice))", "Amy Poehler (Jenny (voice))", "George Takei (S.T.E.V.E. (voice))", "Colm Meaney (Myles Standish (voice))", "Keith David (Chief Broadbeak (Voice))", "Dan Fogler (Governor William Bradford (voice))", "Lesley Nicol (Female Pilgrim (voice))", "Jimmy Hayward (President of the United States/Ranger/Leatherbeak/Hazmats (voice))", "Kaitlyn Maher (President's Daughter (voice))", "Carlos Alazraqui (Amos (voice))", "Josh Lawson (Gus (Voice))", "Dwight Howard (Cold Turkey (Voice))", "Danny Carey (Danny (voice))", "Carlos Ponce (Narrator/Alejandro (voice))", "Robert Beltran (Chief Massasoit (voice))", "Scott Mosier (Pizza Dude (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Mission thanksgiving. The turkeys time to fight back!\r\n\r\nIt is definitely an underrated animation. Okay, I agree, Disney is solely dominating the animation industry, especially at present. But this film is no masterpiece like that Disney makes yet not bad to ignore complete. Yes, there are flaws in it, but very acceptable as they're just minors. In the animations, the real world logics won't apply. So you should try to enjoy it than trying to find the errors.\r\n\r\nThis film is targeted for children, but then anybody can watch it because it is a beautiful theme with some real laughs in it, only if you forget that you are an adult for a 90 minute. Technically the film quality matches with Disney, Pixer, Dreamworks and even the Sony animation. It is a fine achievement for an outside/new production house to come up with like this. I hope Reel FX would make more animations in the future and compete directly with these top companies.\r\n\r\nIt was really a star studded cast. I did not know who were they all, but I identified them by their voices. As far as the story, too easy to predict, but somehow it managed to keep me glued to it with its entertaining contents. It is a time travel theme and a quite entertaining film made by the 'Horton Hears a Who' director.\r\n\r\nSome are saying it is anti-thanking giving film, but I think it is just a fun film. Although, it was kind of like 'Happy Feet', where a bunch of turkeys tries to loose their kind from the humans grip. But narrated differently, something like in the line of 'Penguins of Madagascar'. I don't think anybody can regret watching it, but then there are people with expectations, so it might fail at them. Overall, it was a decent film for sure if not great as other animations that came in the same year. Waiting for its sequel about 'mission turducken'.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [227783, 68179, 109451, 77950]}