{"tmdb_id": 17578, "title": "Les Aventures de Tintin : Le Secret de La Licorne", "original_title": "The Adventures of Tintin", "slug_title": "les-aventures-de-tintin-le-secret-de-la-licorne", "date": "2011-10-25", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Tintin, notre intr\u00e9pide reporter, son fid\u00e8le compagnon Milou et son ins\u00e9parable ami le capitaine Haddock partent \u00e0 la recherche d\u2019un tr\u00e9sor enfoui avec l\u2019\u00e9pave d\u2019un bateau \u201cla Licorne\u201d, command\u00e9 autrefois par un anc\u00eatre du capitaine Haddock.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tnopTLY0ywRCWGzdUNhzX9ghTfz.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Bell (Tintin (voice))", "Andy Serkis (Captain Haddock / Sir Francis Haddock (voice))", "Daniel Craig (Sakharine / Red Rackham (voice))", "Nick Frost (Thomson (voice))", "Simon Pegg (Thompson (voice))", "Cary Elwes (Pilot (voice))", "Tony Curran (Lt. Delcourt (voice))", "Toby Jones (Silk (voice))", "Daniel Mays (Allan /  Pirate Flunky #1 (voice))", "Sebastian Roch\u00e9 (Pedro / 1st Mate (voice))", "Phillip Rhys (Co-Pilot / French Medic (voice))", "Mark Ivanir (Afghar Outpost Soldier / Secretary (voice))", "Gad Elmaleh (Ben Salaad (voice))", "Jacquie Barnbrook (Lady in the Phonebox / Old Lady)", "Joe Starr (Barnaby (voice))", "Enn Reitel (Nestor / Mr. Crabtree (voice))", "Mackenzie Crook (Tom / Pirate Flunky #2 (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "The animation was something else. It looked so real. I don't really remember the story from the comics (we had the entire collection when we were younger but lost all of it when we left the Philippines), but the story was really nice. I can't wait for the next one if ever there'll be a next one."}, {"pseudo": "lmao7", "content": "Wow\u2026they just took cg/motion/performance capture to the next level! Just for the film\u2019s look - like without the story, it deserves an A++\r\n\r\nNot just the look (soo realistic especially the extras and the scenery) but the shots! There were a lot of street/chase scenes that was done beautifully. The clothes, the buildings\u2026it was so perfect!\r\n\r\nI liked the opening credits reminded me of Pink Panther & Catch Me If You Can but the opening scene, the painting of Tintin, was that Herge? so awesome!\r\n\r\nOf course as expected there were some changes like the sequence of events but it worked well for me (maybe not the crane scene but it didn\u2019t bother me that much) and I missed Professor Calculus, I thought it would include Red Rackham\u2019s Treasure. Now I can\u2019t wait for the next one, I want to see them all at Marlinspike Hall.\r\n\r\nAll in all, as a fan of Tintin comics (grew up reading it again and again), I loved it!!!"}], "recommandations_id": [44896, 44826, 46195, 217]}