{"tmdb_id": 175944, "title": "Abduction", "original_title": "Abduction", "slug_title": "abduction", "date": "2009-08-01", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur", "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5zdT0rGk1YCCop565P1i8FQjoCN.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Rugnetta (Jacob)", "S. Freddor (Donny)", "Roberto Lombardi (Johnny)", "Christy Callas (Lilly)", "Gerry Kirschbaum (Doc)", "Deana Enoches (Rosie)", "Omaida Aponte (Bella)", "Jamie Zapp (Holly)", "Dan Rush (Sam)", "Brian M. Wixson (Carlo)", "Daphne Scully (Iris)", "Christina Sampson (Myrtle)", "Samuel L.M. Cole (Reggie)", "Vince Puma (Officer Tindal)", "Phil Hall (Hank)", "Cathy Loch (Mrs. Fukes)", "Belito Garcia (Willie)", "David B. Powers (Pete)", "Gregory R. Campbell (Rudy)", "Rudy J. Altenor (Stud Noir Trainer)", "David M. Sitbon (Charlie)", "Jes\u00fas M. Villanueva (Man at Auction)", "Anne Ferrari (Annie)", "Tanya Scott (Kira)", "Toni Vitale (Dance Choreographer)", "Damien Colletti (Otto)", "Jeannie Sconzo (Marcy)", "John Orrichio (Alan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "*SPOILERS* \r\n\r\nI bought this film from Amazon and I really liked it! I've read some really positive reviews and some negative ones as well, but being an indie film fan and a fan of previous John Orrichio films - I bought Abduction. The camera-work is his best yet with beautiful outdoor shots and disturbing lighting and effects that show how the town is twisted behind closed doors, but picturesque and normal to the outside world.\r\n\r\nIt's the story of a remote New Jersey small town that is not on any map. Basically the townsfolk kidnap unsuspecting tourists and sell them into slavery, they harvest their organs for sale on the black market or make leather goods out of them! Everything starts to unravel when an up & coming pop star from South America is kidnapped and her bodyguards come to town to find her. The whole town is in on the secret. The story is original and plays out well. The first 10 minutes are a little slow, but it picks up nicely from there.\r\n\r\nAs for the acting, Tony Rugnetta (Jacob) is excellent. His best role to date. Roberto Lombardi (Johnny) is perfect, convincingly evil & sexy at the same time! Christy Callas (Lilly) who is vulnerable & sinister at the same time and Gerry Kirschbaum (Doc) who has the cool demeanor of a Doctor with a hidden mania. Other notable performances are Deana Demko (Rosie) and Christina Sampson (Myrtle). There is rarely a stumble by any of the actors.\r\n\r\nI also think that to truly enjoy this film you have to take it for what it is. A low budget, well made drama / thriller that is a little creepy, a little campy/funny and a little bloody. It's not a horror film per se and it's not for everyone. If you want the thrills of a Saw movie, pass on this. If you like Rosemary's Baby, this is right up your alley. The film has gotten bashed, but I believe that is coming from former colleagues of the film maker who are bitter. Judge for yourself!!"}], "recommandations_id": [220720, 279504, 282736, 282724]}