{"tmdb_id": 176122, "title": "Cruel Friends", "original_title": "Eiskalte Freunde", "slug_title": "cruel-friends", "date": "2003-03-27", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Bingo! Lukas, a twenty-five-year-old law student, is among the chosen few accepted to study under the distinguished Professor Arndt. At the start of the summer semester he switches to Munich University. Lukas is determined to head his class and win the 25,000 valedictorian scholarship \u2013 the first step toward a great international career.\r Among Lukas\u2019s classmates are smart Alexander and his friends Marco, Anton and lovely Evelyn. Fascinated by their charisma, Lukas dreams of joining the clique. Although Alexander is his major rival in the seminar, Lukas courts his friendship. To complicate matters, he falls head over heels in love with Evelyn, the most desirable woman he\u2019s ever seen.\r Finally a dream comes true: The clique accepts him. But the glamorous lure proves treacherous. Unable to keep up with his new friends\u2019 high-society lifestyle, Lukas gets into ever deeper trouble. Concealing his financial problems, he becomes entangled in a web of lies\u2026", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Andreas Guenther (Lukas)", "Torben Liebrecht (Alexander)", "Johanna Klante (Evelyn)", "Daniel Krauss (Anton)", "Manuel Cortez (Boger)", "Dietrich Hollinderb\u00e4umer (Prof. Arndt)", "Anne Sarah Hartung (Kristina)", "Karoline Kunz (Jana)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}