{"tmdb_id": 176185, "title": "I Was a Teenage TV Terrorist", "original_title": "I Was a Teenage TV Terrorist", "slug_title": "i-was-a-teenage-tv-terrorist", "date": "1985-11-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Donna &amp; Paul were like most high school sweethearts from the suburbs of middle America, they hated their town and wanted to destroy their school. After a disastrous prank at his high school, Paul's fed up mother sends him to live with his estranged father, a TV executive in the big city. Donna, an aspiring actress makes the move with Paul to fulfill her own dreams of becoming a movie star.  Donna &amp; Paul arrive in the city with great expectations only to find a place with high rent, low-paying jobs and strange people. Paul's father turns out to be a total dick but does manage to get the two low-end jobs at his T.V. station where they are worked like dogs. After a series of unfortunate events Donna &amp; Paul devise a plan to take the city by storm. Like a modern day Bonnie &amp; Clyde, the two perpetuate an elaborate bomb scare hoax that sends the media into a frenzy. Fueled by their new reputation as \"terrorists\", Donna &amp; Paul take their plan to unimaginable new heights.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zg9WP4uJq6SQDl7zqd2xIfp5ITg.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Nathan (Paul Pierce)", "Juliet Hanlon (Donna Rose)", "John MacKay (John Reid)", "Walt Willey (Bill Johnson)", "Saul Alpiner (Frank Romance)", "Mikhall Druhan (Miss Murphy)", "Natalie O'Connell (Woman in Audition Line)", "Tony Kruk (Donna's Father)", "J. Buzz Von Ornsteiner (Asparagus Director)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}