{"tmdb_id": 176813, "title": "Psyche 59", "original_title": "Psyche 59", "slug_title": "psyche-59", "date": "1964-04-29", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "La femme d'un industriel tente de se rappeler le spectacle choquant qui l'a rendue aveugle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/evl6GPBvt8NyAusxUfPZCy54nQ.jpg", "actors": ["Curd J\u00fcrgens (Eric Crawford (as Curt Jurgens))", "Patricia Neal (Alison Crawford)", "Samantha Eggar (Robin)", "Ian Bannen (Paul)", "Beatrix Lehmann (Mrs. Crawford)", "Elspeth March (Mme. Valadier)", "Sandra Leo  (Susan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Freudian Frolics.\r\n\r\nPsyche 59 is directed by Alexander Singer and adapted to screenplay by Julian Zimet from the novel written by Francoise des Ligneris. It stars Patricia Neal, Curd Jurgens, Samantha Eggar, Ian Bannen and Beatrix Lehmann. Music is by Kenneth V. Jones and cinematography by Walter Lassally.\r\n\r\nBlind Alison Crawford (Neal) lives with her husband Eric (Jurgens) and finds the equilibrium of life upset when her young sister Robin (Eggar) comes to stay. It seems there are secrets to will out, both with Robin and the matter of how Alison came to be blind.\r\n\r\nA strange, almost hypnotic type of movie, Psyche 59 aims to be a Freudian thriller but just misses the mark of being great. The set up is intriguing, the twists risqu\u00e9 and the photography suitably moody. Neal gives a fine performance as the afflicted Alison, both physically and emotionally, Eggar is super sultry and raises the temperatures considerably, while both Bannen and Jurgens are fine considering the former is under written and the latter gets a character arc that\u2019s a bit of a stretch. Unfortunately the pay off is hopelessly weak, the whole build up holds the attention, you sense we are heading for great dramatic denouement, but sadly that\u2019s not the case and it leaves a disappointing taste in the mouth. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [85126, 26158, 83781, 124807]}