{"tmdb_id": 176908, "title": "High Flyers", "original_title": "High Flyers", "slug_title": "high-flyers", "date": "1937-11-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Two men running a carnival airplane ride are hired to fly to retrieve what they think are photos for a reporter. Actually, they are retrieving diamonds stolen from a noted gem dealer. As it turns out, their plane crashes on the very estate of the dealer. Thinking the duo are police officers, the dealer offers his home for their convalescence from the accident. Meanwhile, the diamonds have been snatched by a kleptomaniac dog and buried on the estate. When the smugglers track down the pair, they try to convince the dealer that they are officials from an institution from which the two have escaped. Before long, the carnival fellows, the crooks, the gem dealer and his family, along with a platoon of cops, are tearing up the grounds to find where the dog has buried the diamonds.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cNUpZLHIh6URhs6mSI5WquZeWjR.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Woolsey (Pierre Potkin)", "Bert Wheeler (Jerry Lane)", "Lupe V\u00e9lez (Juanita - the Maid)", "Marjorie Lord (Arlene Arlington)", "Margaret Dumont (Martha Arlington)", "Jack Carson (Dave Hanlon)", "Paul Harvey (Horace Arlington)", "Charles Judels (Mr. Fontaine)", "Lucien Prival (Mr. Panzer)", "Herbert Evans (Mr. Hartley)", "Herbert Clifton (Stone - the Butler)", "George Irving (Chief of Police)", "Stanley Blystone (Cop on Pier)", "Don Brodie (Accomplice on Boat)", "Mike Donovan (Radio Cop)", "Frank Fanning (Cop)", "Otto Fries (Fat Man on Kiddie Ride)", "Bud Geary (Sailor)", "Rodney Hildebrandt (Police Officer)", "Soledad Jim\u00e9nez (Essie - the Cook)", "Donald Kerr (The Chauffeur)", "Bruce Mitchell (Police Lieutenant)", "Philip Morris (Cop)", "James Pierce (Cop)", "Florence Promise (Bit)", "Bruce Sidney (Ship's Officer)", "Frank M. Thomas (Officer Collins)", "Monte Vandergrift (Cop Announcer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}