{"tmdb_id": 17707, "title": "Bangkok, Aller simple", "original_title": "Brokedown Palace", "slug_title": "bangkok-aller-simple", "date": "1999-08-13", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire d'une amiti\u00e9 qui tourne mal au cours d'un voyage en Tha\u00eflande.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kO0Fw3kCHR436WptbYc7tqq9xSU.jpg", "actors": ["Claire Danes (Alice Marano)", "Kate Beckinsale (Darlene Davis)", "Bill Pullman (Hank Greene)", "Jacqueline Kim (Yon Greene)", "Lou Diamond Phillips (Roy Knox)", "Daniel Lapaine (Nick Parks)", "Tom Amandes (Doug Davis)", "Aimee Graham (Beth Ann Gardener)", "John Doe (Bill Marano)", "Lim Kay Tong (Chief Detective Jagkrit)", "Beulah Quo (Guard Velie)", "Maya Goodwin (Mary)", "Chad Todhunter (Ferg)", "Paul Walker (Jason)", "Harry Northup (Leon Smith)", "Amanda de Cadenet (English Prisoner)", "Bahni Turpin (Jamaican Prisoner)", "Henry O (Emissary to Crown)", "Intira Jaroenpura (Prisoner Shub)", "Lilia Cuntapay (Old Prisoner)", "Lori Lethin (Lori Davis)", "Hayley Palmer (Heidi Davis)", "Victor Neri (Bellhop)", "Ronnie Lazaro (Security)", "Ermie Concepcion (Paku)", "Val Victa (Lt. Tung)", "Sahajak Boonthanakit (Sgt. Choy)", "Joonee Gamboa (Attorney Montree)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "That's all freedom is... an illusion.\r\n\r\nTwo carefree teenage girls are jailed in Thailand for allegedly smuggling Heroin while on vacation.\r\n\r\nIt has become the stuff of reality nightmares, seemingly every year there is the reports of foreigners abroad caught smuggling drugs. Quite often the innocence is starkly protested, claims of being duped or threatened into being drug mules through customs borders. Brokedown Palace is an interpretation of one such instance.\r\n\r\nThere's a viable complaint about the film that it condenses the harsh realities of the surroundings, this \"Brokedown Palace\" is not portrayed as the dirty hell holes they so often are in reality. This initially gives the film a sort of false feel, that we are being fed a watered down Hollywood production of something very serious.\r\n\r\nHowever, looking deeper into the picture as a character piece, Jonathan Kaplan's film beats a mighty heart and has brain staying power as well. Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale (both superb) are the two friends at the centre of this mystery. Story is more concerned with how their friendship copes under the trying circumstances. Through the initial shock of their situation, to the faux trial, the interactions with others and the relationship they have with their American lawyer, Hank the Yank (Bill Pullman). There's also the not small matter that one of the girls might actually be guilty as charged? Which really gives the piece an intriguing kick.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately it falls down in other areas. How come the girls are perfectly coiffured? Quite often splendidly attired in cosmetics? As Kaplan strains for authenticity in human interactions, he loses credibility elsewhere because these two girls look like actors who have had a \"don't make me look ugly\" clause inserted into their contracts. Ultimately when the story is dialled into the two girls and their friendship, Brokedown Palace hits the heights required, elsewhere it's a disappointment and it's not hard to understand why the two lead actresses practically disowned the film shortly after their publicity commitments were over. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12596, 12257, 9430, 25330]}