{"tmdb_id": 177047, "title": "Decoding Annie Parker", "original_title": "Decoding Annie Parker", "slug_title": "decoding-annie-parker", "date": "2014-05-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The lives of a breast-cancer patient and a researcher who is trying to prove a genetic link to cancer intersect in a groundbreaking study.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5aUYUQ7vt063WvFDC8VpHwNwMNA.jpg", "actors": ["Samantha Morton (Annie Parker)", "Helen Hunt (Mary-Claire King)", "Aaron Paul (Paul)", "Alice Eve (Louise)", "Maggie Grace (Sarah)", "Rashida Jones (Kim)", "Corey Stoll (Sean)", "Richard Schiff (Mr. Allen)", "Bradley Whitford (Marshall)", "Marley Shelton (Joan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Half movie, half documentary, the story of most crucial scientific discovery.\r\n\r\nThe film was inspired by the real life stories of the two women from the same timeline who had no connections, except theirs involvement with something. That means there are two sets of stories that's told one after another in parts which covered the events from nearly the three decades. So it all begins in the 1960, where two little sisters promise to each other about something, but 10 years later one of their's life changed forever when another one dies of cancer. So this is the story where the other sister begins her fight against the disease that took her family away.\r\n\r\nThis is a small budget film that shot entirely within a month of time. There are lots of actresses in this, even for the small roles. I thought Helen Hunt would lead the narration, but then there were Maggie Grace, Alice Eve, Aaron Paul and others. Great dedications by all, but this was Samantha Morton's film.\r\n\r\nI did not know what this story is about when I decided to watch, but I'm pretty happy for the film. Except the material was more a documentary suitable kind, especially the story of Helen Hunt's character. Moreover feels like it is a short film with a decent story. I think it is worth a watch because of unfolding an important scientific discovery of our time. So a big yes on that perspective, but entertainment wise it is just an average. Now you can decide this on what you're seeking.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [34128, 177851, 42869, 44109], "youtube_key": "ODlgvRvLEtU"}