{"tmdb_id": 177472, "title": "Joan of Arc", "original_title": "Das M\u00e4dchen Johanna", "slug_title": "joan-of-arc", "date": "1935-04-26", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "France in the 15th Century: The country is marked by the wars with England and internal power struggles. King Charles sees himself powerless against the state. As emerges from the people suddenly a young woman named Johanna, who claimed that the Archangel Gabriel to be appointed, to save France. First of all doubt the king in their words, but he remembers that the people through this \"help of God\" is gaining new courage. With the slogan \"God and the Virgin!\" pulls the revivified victorious army into battle against the English-Burgundian alliance. After Johanna King Charles is crowned at Reims, there breaks the plague over the country in.  Now Johanna all the blame on the disaster: God would punish believe in the country for that a heretic; if Johanna were actual a holy, she would deal also with the plague. The waning faith weakens France, England is again on the rise. But Johanna is executed as a witch. Only years later annulled the verdict of the Holy and Johanna explained.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/39HOBTBtm93adjHcaq5wha08yZ6.jpg", "actors": ["Angela Salloker (Johanna von Orl\u00e9ans)", "Gustaf Gr\u00fcndgens (K\u00f6nig Karl VII. von Frankreich)", "Heinrich George (Herzog von Burgund)", "Ren\u00e9 Deltgen (Maillezais, Unterh\u00e4ndler des K\u00f6nigs)", "Erich Ponto (Lord Talbot, englischer Armeef\u00fchrer)", "Willy Birgel (Graf La Tr\u00e9mouille, Stadtkommandant)", "Aribert W\u00e4scher (Herzog von Alen\u00e7on)", "Veit Harlan (Pierre)", "Paul Bildt (ein verzweifelter B\u00fcrger bei der Bergung der Tote)", "Bernhard Minetti (ein Amtmann)", "Maria Koppenh\u00f6fer (eine Frau aus dem Volk)", "Albert Florath (h\u00f6hnischer W\u00e4chter des gefangenen La Tr\u00e9mouille)", "Alexander Golling (Soldat Talbots, der dem englischen Heerf\u00fchrer zur Flucht r\u00e4t)", "Theodor Loos (Dunois)", "Franz Nicklisch (Johann von Metz)", "S.O. Schoening (Pater)", "Friedrich Ulmer (A Captain)", "Fritz Genschow (Hauptmann)", "Paul Wagner (A Herald)", "Karl Dannemann (Englischer Soldat)", "Wera Liessem (M\u00e4dchen aus dem Volk)", "Elsa Wagner (Frau aus dem Volk)", "Josef Sieber (Mann bei der Kr\u00f6nung)", "Paul Dahlke ()", "Jac Diehl ()", "Erich Dunskus ()", "Rudolf Forster ()", "Hans Hessling ()", "Bruno H\u00fcbner ()", "Wolfgang Klein ()", "Rudolf Sch\u00fcndler ()", "Albert Venohr ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}