{"tmdb_id": 17744, "title": "Aux postes de combat", "original_title": "The Bedford Incident", "slug_title": "aux-postes-de-combat", "date": "1965-10-11", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Durant la guerre froide, le destroyer ultra moderne U.S.S. Bedford, \u00e9quip\u00e9 pour la chasse aux sous-marins, patrouille le long de la c\u00f4te du Groenland. Il est command\u00e9 par le capitaine Finlander, un homme craint et respect\u00e9 par son \u00e9quipage. Ben Munceford, un journaliste lib\u00e9ral, arrive \u00e0 bord avec l'autorisation de faire un reportage. Il est accompagn\u00e9 par le m\u00e9decin Chester Potter qui d\u00e9couvre avec stup\u00e9faction que les membres de l'\u00e9quipage, redoutant leur commandant, ne se d\u00e9clarent jamais malades....  Produit par Richard Widmark dans l'esprit de Docteur Folamour, contre tous ceux qui durant la guerre froide souhaitaient la guerre avec l'URSS. Richard Widmark compose \u00e0 contre-emploi le capitaine fou.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v0NIOvZ2puNOUssLST7FRxbpBi7.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Widmark (Captain Eric Finlander, U.S.N.)", "Sidney Poitier (Ben Munceford)", "Eric Portman (Commodore Wolfgang Schrepke, Deutsche Marine)", "James MacArthur (Ensign Ralston, U.S.N.)", "Martin Balsam (Lieut Cmdr. Chester Potter, M.D., U.S.N.)", "Wally Cox (Seaman Merlin Queffle)", "Michael Kane (Commander Allison Executive Officer - Bridge)", "Colin Maitland (Seaman Jones - Bridge)", "Paul Tamarin (Seaman 2nd Class - Bridge)", "Frank Lieberman (Seaman 1st Class - Bridge)", "Burnell Tucker (Seaman 1st Class - Bridge)", "Donald Sutherland (Hospitalman Nerney - Sick Bay)", "James Caffrey (Seaman 1st Class - Bridge)", "Brian Davies (Lieutenant Beckman U.S.N. - Communications)", "Ed Bishop (Lieutenant Hacker U.S.N. - Communications)", "Shane Rimmer (Seaman 1st Class)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Yeah, it's a lot of work being a mean bastard.\r\n\r\nThe Bedford Incident is directed by James B. Harris and is adapted by James Poe from the 1963 book by Mark Rascovich. It stars Richard Widmark and Sidney Poitier, with Widmark co-producing. The cast also features James McArthur, Martin Balsam, Wally Cox and Eric Portman, as well as early appearances by Donald Sutherland and Ed Bishop.\r\n\r\nThe story is set during the Cold War and focuses on the captain and crew of the USS Bedford as it patrols the North Atlantic waters for Russian submarine activities. Capt. Eric Findlander (Widmark) is a tough authoritarian figure who drives his crew hard and keeps them ever ready for any sort of incidents that may arise. They respond loyally to his ethics, this is a crew where nobody ever goes on sick call such is the hard approach instilled in them by their captain. Two newcomers have boarded the ship by helicopter: Ben Munceford (Poitier), a liberal newspaper journalist, assigned to write a story about the Bedford and its grizzled captain and a ship's doctor, Lieut. Comdr. Chester Potter (Balsam), a reserve officer who has volunteered for active duty. Both men are quickly disliked by Findlander, he sees their being there as intrusive and upsetting the tough equilibrium of his ship. When a Russian sub is spotted unlawfully in Greenland's territorial icy waters, Finlander stalks it ready to take action. But the top brass doesn't want a perilous situation arising between the two nuclear powered ships and orders Finlander to sit tight, something he is unable to comprehend and intends to do things his own way. With his hard driven crew at breaking point, this could turn into a catastrophic incident...\r\n\r\nTaut, tense and impeccably acted by the cast, The Bedford Incident is a superior psycho-drama that feeds off of the paranoia of the Cold War and cloaks it in military claustrophobia. It offers up the dangers of military aggression fuelled by some sense of patriotic duty, with an intriguing \"hunt till we drop\" iron fist ethic making for an engrossing narrative thread. The film of course is not alone in the \"doomsday\" scheme of things, even the previous year had seen the release of Sidney Lumet's Fail-Safe and Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove (a link here coming courtesy of James B. Harris having been Kubrick's producer for almost ten years), but Harris' movie is more than the equal of any other film with the same thematics. The box office returns for the film at the time didn't do it justice, but time has been kind to the movie. For now it can be viewed as a lesson in jangling the nerves, a reference point in how to script polar opposite characters; thriving on dialogue set in amongst murky military zeal and an unstable political environment. Now more than ever the film serves as a cautionary tale. Tho there's some differences from the book, the film follows the novel fairly closely. However, the big change comes with the ending. I don't consider it hyperbole to suggest that the ending to the film is stunning. A fitting closure to the piece and the ultimate release from the stifling grip that the makers had held the viewers in throughout the story. Shot in stark black and white by Gilbert Taylor and with Widmark at the top of his game, The Bedford Incident is a must see for the serious War movie fan. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86616, 42500, 11387, 39419], "youtube_key": "uA-rgKBq7Ss"}