{"tmdb_id": 177566, "title": "G-War - La guerre des G\u00e9ants", "original_title": "Jack the Giant Killer", "slug_title": "g-war-la-guerre-des-geants", "date": "2013-03-12", "genre": "Action / Fantastique", "score": "3.2/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Jack d\u00e9couvre par inadvertance une porte menant vers un autre monde, il n\u2019h\u00e9site pas \u00e0 y entrer. Loin d\u2019imaginer le danger de ce nouvel univers, il se ravit de sa d\u00e9couverte. Il ne faudra pas longtemps avant qu\u2019il comprenne que ce monde est habit\u00e9 par de f\u00e9roces cr\u00e9atures qui n\u2019ont qu\u2019un objectif : d\u00e9truire la Terre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eV1qcF3ifxJqEESus7wJeDrR3z2.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Cross (Agent Hinton)", "Jane March (Sirena)", "Jamie Atkins (Jack Krutchens)", "Vicki Glover (Lisa Russell)", "Tanya Winsor (Sharon Mason)", "Julian Boote (Nigel Mason)", "Harry Dyer (Newald Krutchens)", "Jon Campling (Jess Walters)", "Steve McTigue (General O'Shauncey)", "Robert Boyle (Staff Sergeant Sam Jones)", "Dylan Jones (Agent Jones)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Low-budget knockoff of \u201cJack the Giant Slayer\u201d is original enough to stand on its own***\r\n\r\nThe Asylum\u2019s \u201cJack the Giant Killer\u201d (2013) isn\u2019t a remake of the 1962 film, but rather a mockbuster for which the company is known. These kinds of movies are produced with the intention of exploiting the mass publicity machine of a blockbuster with a similar title or subject, in this case \u201cJack the Giant Slayer,\u201d which was released to theaters around the same time.\r\n\r\nWhile both films feature a main character named Jack and massive beanstalks that lead up to an amazing realm above the clouds, they\u2019re otherwise totally different. This one doesn\u2019t even have giants, although they\u2019re mentioned. The \u201cgiants\u201d here are prehistoric-like beasts that look like a cross between ankylosaurus, triceratops and an elephant, albeit the size of brontosaurs. Also, the story takes place in the present rather than some fantasy medieval period.\r\n\r\nThese Asylum flicks only cost between $1 million and $2 million, so I was surprised how well done some of the CGI is, like the flying castle and Serena\u2019s palace. Believe it or not, the \u201crealm above the clouds\u201d is actually superior to the one in the blockbuster \u201cJack the Giant Slayer\u201d because this film uses actual locations rather than cartoonish CGI; and the locations are magnificent.\r\n\r\nBoth Jamie Atkins (Jack) and Harry Dyer (Newald) work well as the son/father protagonists. Ben Cross is also on hand. On the female front, Vicki Glover stands out as Lisa, but not enough is done with her. Jane March plays Serena (the evil queen or whatever) and she still looks good at almost 40 during shooting.\r\n\r\nThe first half of the movie is surprisingly good, but I was let down a bit by the conventional last act where the colossal beasts attack earth with too many reaction shots of the main characters. I would\u2019ve preferred the script focusing on the people and the interesting dynamics thereof.\r\n\r\nYes, some Asylum movies suck, like \"30,000 Leagues Under the Sea\" and \"Mega Piranha.\u201d But some don't, e.g. \"The Land That Time Forgot\" (2009), \"6 Guns\" and \"Grimm's Snow White.\u201d This one may not make the latter list, but it could have if they spent a little more money to draw out the plot\u2019s potential. Nevertheless, it\u2019s not bad for fans of Grade B fantasy adventure flicks.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 27 minutes and was shot in England (Lancashire & Merseyside) and Wales, UK.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [108147, 406582, 213803, 84293]}