{"tmdb_id": 17814, "title": "Assaut", "original_title": "Assault on Precinct 13", "slug_title": "assaut", "date": "1976-11-05", "genre": ["Thriller / Action"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Une nuit, \u00e0 Los Angeles, les membres d\u2019un gang assi\u00e8gent un poste de police dans lequel s\u2019est r\u00e9fugi\u00e9 un homme qui a tu\u00e9 l\u2019un des leurs. Pour survivre aux assauts r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9s, les policiers et les prisonniers unissent leurs forces.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nKwww1DA43Y1H5XfHdaGFxIIXzD.jpg", "actors": ["Austin Stoker (Ethan Bishop)", "Darwin Joston (Napoleon Wilson)", "Laurie Zimmer (Leigh)", "Martin West (Lawson)", "Tony Burton (Wells)", "Charles Cyphers (Starker)", "Nancy Kyes (Julie)", "Peter Bruni (Ice Cream Man)", "John J. Fox (Warden)", "Marc Ross (Patrolman Tramer)", "Alan Koss (Patrolman Baxter)", "Henry Brandon (Chaney)", "Kim Richards (Kathy)", "Frank Doubleday (White Warlord)", "Gilbert De la Pena (Chicano Warlord)", "Peter Frankland (Caudell)", "Al Nakauchi (Oriental Warlord)", "James Johnson (Black Warlord)", "Gilman Rankin (Bus Driver)", "Cliff Battuello (First Guard)", "Horace Johnson (Second Guard)", "Valentine Villareal (Chicano Tough)", "Kenny Miyamoto (Oriental Tough)", "Jerry Viramontes (Chicano Hood)", "Len Whitaker (Black Hood)", "Kris Young (Gang Member)", "Randy Moore (Gang Member)", "Warren Bradley III (Gang Member)", "Joe Woo Jr. (Gang Member)", "William S. Taylor (Gang Member)", "Brent Keast (Radio Announcer (voice))", "Maynard Smith (Police Commissioner (voice))", "John Carpenter (Gang Member)", "James Jeter (Precinct Captain)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "chris.tmdb", "content": "Awesome film one of my all time favorite movies Plus (Great soundtrack)"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There are no heroes anymore, Bishop. Just men who follow orders.\r\n\r\nAssault on Precinct 13 is written, directed, edited and musically scored by John Carpenter. It stars Austin Stoker, Darwin Joston, Laurie Zimmer, Martin West, Tony Burton, Charles Cyphers and Nancy Kyes. Cinematography is by Douglas Knapp.\r\n\r\nIf you are going to homage films that you love, or ones that influence you, then you have to get it right. Something John Carpenter most assuredly did with this, his first masterpiece. Plot and structure of film are simplicity extreme, but it's the execution that matters here, the cool veneer of the hero characters, the frightening relentlessness of the gang members who assault the soon to close down police station and the small number of inhabitants within. Interestingly it's actually Precinct 9, Division 13, but Carpenter was no doubt in a playful mood.\r\n\r\nCarpenter builds the first half slowly, introducing key characters whilst deftly staging the events that will lead to the actual siege itself. This part of Los Angeles where the story is set is conspicuous by how empty and soulless it seems, even in daylight, which is where the terror actually begins. It's as if residents and locals just prefer to be off the streets at any time of day or night. \r\n\r\nThe gang, like the folk inside the station, are multiracial, but unlike those inside the gang never speak. They move like silent assassins, no shouting or cussing, just a tidal wave of death, their guns adorned with silencers, which leads to a truly brilliant extended sequence as the gang begin to destroy the building silently! Meanwhile relationships are being formed by those under duress, convicts and police forced to battle side by side in the slightest hope of surviving the night.\r\n\r\nThere is no flab on show here, no pointless dialogue or scenes which could have been cut, it's a film that is very much to the point. The cast respond well to Carpenter's requirements, be it emotionally, physically or coolly, all while Carpenter's low tone synthesiser plays out its memorably eerie beats. It's a superb lesson in low budget film making from one of the masters of that art. His filmic star may have waned in his later life, but for a time in the 70s and 80s he shone bright, Assault On Precinct 13 was the ignition. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [8852, 790, 1410, 8337], "youtube_key": "BaJR2zlnp7o"}