{"tmdb_id": 17818, "title": "San Antonio", "original_title": "San Antonio", "slug_title": "san-antonio", "date": "1945-11-29", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / Western", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Afin de mettre un terme aux agissements d'une bande de voleurs de b\u00e9tails men\u00e9e par Roy Stuart, Clay Hardin retourne \u00e0 San Antonio en s'infiltrant dans la diligence de Jeanne Starr. En effet, cette derni\u00e8re, chanteuse, se rend au cabaret de Roy o\u00f9 elle doit se produire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/afRIwdYuhzo2YLHW07izty6QeLz.jpg", "actors": ["Errol Flynn (Clay Hardin)", "Alexis Smith (Jeanne Star)", "S.Z. Sakall (Sacha Bozic)", "Victor Francen (Legare)", "Florence Bates (Henrietta)", "John Litel (Charlie Bell)", "Paul Kelly (Roy Stuart)", "Robert Shayne (Captain Morgan)", "John Alvin (Pony Smith)", "Monte Blue (Cleve Andrews)", "Robert Barrat (Colonel Johnson)", "Pedro de Cordoba (Ricardo Torreon)", "Tom Tyler (Lafe McWilliams)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This town looks as if it's full of men who step on baby chickens.\r\n\r\nSan Antonio is directed by David Butler and written by Alan Le May and W. R. Burnett. It stars Errol Flynn, Alexis Smith, Paul Kelly, S.Z. Sakall, Florence Bates and Victor Francen. Music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by Bert Glennon.\r\n\r\nIt's always interesting to compare Errol Flynn's Westerns, his work in a genre he was not overly fond of. Depending on your Western genre proclivities of course, there's a mix of the old fashioned type, where Errol flirts and is heroic, or the more serious ones where his heroism is underplayed. San Antonio is the former.\r\n\r\nPlot has Flynn as Clay Hardin, who is the man who can prove that town impresario Roy Stuart (Kelly) is the man responsible for the rampant cattle rustling going on in the state. There's agendas gnawing away in the plot, romantic dalliances that bring the delightful Alexis Smith into prominence, and of course there's frothy comedy light relief - the proviso here is if Sakall and Bates' thing doesn't irritate you?\r\n\r\nFlynn is ace, athletic with a handsomeness that's rarely been bettered in Hollywood, to which here he's on lovable rascal form, playing off of Smith with appealing skill. Smith is a strong foil for her leading man, holding her end up in both stern characteristics and comedy angles. While it's always great to find Kelly in a villain role, here getting his teeth into it for much viewing reward.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately this really could have done with a better director, the blend of drama and comedy seemingly uneasy in Butler's hands. The big denouement between hero and villain is a damp squib, which is a shame as we are in the ruins of The Alamo, a poignant piece of architecture that positively demands a more extended and vigorous finale. Elsewhere, Glennon's photography is pleasing if lacking in exterior splendours, and Steiner's score will sound familiar to anyone already familiar with his work.\r\n\r\nGloriously pretty, vibrant and colourful, it's well weighted with good production values and a solid cast, but as fun as it is it does lack some urgency ingredients to be great. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [85505, 113430, 90984, 85504]}