{"tmdb_id": 17835, "title": "Threads", "original_title": "Threads", "slug_title": "threads", "date": "1984-09-23", "genre": "Guerre / Drame / Science-Fiction / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Une famille anglaise tente de survivre \u00e0 une attaque nucl\u00e9aire sur la Grande Bretagne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lBhU4U9Eehr9shstPem6I7BdkxK.jpg", "actors": ["Karen Meagher (Ruth Beckett)", "Reece Dinsdale (Jimmy Kemp)", "David Brierly (Mr. Kemp)", "Rita May (Mrs. Kemp)", "Nicholas Lane (Michael Kemp)", "Jane Hazlegrove (Alison Kemp)", "Henry Moxon (Mr Beckett)", "June Broughton (Mrs Beckett)", "Sylvia Stoker (Granny Beckett)", "Harry Beety (Clive Sutton)", "Ruth Holden (Marjorie Sutton)", "Ashley Barker (Bob)", "Michael O'Hagan (Chief Supt. Hirst)", "Phil Rose (Medical Officer)", "Steve Halliwell (Information Officer)", "Brian Grellis (Accommodation Officer)", "Peter Faulkner (Transport Officer)", "Anthony Collin (Food Officer)", "Michael Ely (Scientific Officer)", "Sharon Baylis (Manpower Officer)", "David Stutt (Works Officer)", "Phil Askham (Mr Stothard)", "Anna Seymour (Mrs Stothard)", "Fiona Rook (Carol Stothard)", "Christine Buckley (Woman in Supermarket)", "Joe Belcher (Shopkeeper)", "David Major (Boy in Supermarket)", "Maggie Ford (Peace Speaker)", "Mike Kay (Trade Unionist)", "Richard Albrecht (Officer at Food Depot)", "Ted Beyer (Policeman)", "Dean Williamson (Policeman)", "Joe Holmes (Mr Langley)", "Andy Fenn-Rodgers (Patrol Officer)", "Graham Hill (Soldier)", "Nigel Collins (Soldier)", "Jerry Ready (Looter)", "Dennis Conlon (Looter)", "Greta Dunn (Woman at Hospital)", "Nat Jackley (Old Man at Graveyard)", "John Livesey (Street Trader)", "Victoria O'Keefe (Jane)", "Lee Daley (Spike)", "Marcus Lund (Gaz)", "Lesley Judd (Newscaster)", "Colin Ward-Lewis (Newscaster)", "Paul Vaughan (Narrator (voice))", "Ingrid P. Frehley (Woman with dead baby (uncredited))", "Michael Shale (Man who has leg amputated (uncredited))", "Anne Sellors (Woman who urinates herself (uncredited))", "Lee Cambell (Dead Boy Under Gate (uncredited))", "Jonathan Harston (Survivor on the Moors (uncredited))", "Patrick Allen (Public Information Film Announcer (voice) (uncredited))", "Ed Bishop (US President (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "znapper", "content": "This film was, for many, a turning-point regarding nuclear weapons, the cold war and nuclear-politics.\r\n\r\nSet in a 1984 UK industrial-suburbia, as the cold war gets hot, we follow regular people in their daily lives and how they prepare for the coming apocalypse.\r\n\r\nBarry Hines and Mick Jackson explains and shows us how the world is interconnected and woven together, each strand in this web is dependent on the others and when the threads start to break, the webbing that hold society together, unravel and we are quickly left with hardship and irreparable loss.\r\n\r\nThere is no help from the outside, as most places are left in the same sorry state.\r\n\r\nWith the lingering pollution from the war, there is only one way human kind can go from there.\r\n\r\nThis film has no high-notes and there are no cheesy Hollywood-lines to comfort you during the viewing, just cold-hard facts and statistic. \r\n\r\nWhen the inevitable starts, we follow Ruth in particular, the main character, on her journey, 13 years into the future. We see how she tries to cope, as the remnants of the industrial world and human kind slowly crumble and whither around her.\r\n\r\nThe film use simple effects and has a natural gritty style. \r\nThis prevents the film from looking too dated. In addition, most of the film work with limited sets and scenes, so the time-period it is shot in, is somewhat removed from the story and experience. \r\n\r\nThe acting is real and very good, they are real people, playing real people, 'no time for plastic Hollywood-figures here'.\r\n\r\nWhat we are left with, is most likely one of the bleakest, grimmest and most depressing film, that everyone needs to see at least once.\r\n\r\nIt will remain a testament to the cold war, but as long as there are nuclear weapons, it will continue to be an ever-relevant warning.\r\n\r\nIt will stick with you indefinitely."}, {"pseudo": "Columbusbuck", "content": "Once again, I struggled to understand the British English. At least this time, I didn't really need to. Not a word needed to be spoken to convey the very real horror we might all be subjected to. Now, closer to that armageddon than ever before in our history. I just hope I die in the initial blast. The after is actually worse than the blast itself. God help us all."}], "recommandations_id": [16182, 10176, 10857, 34028]}