{"tmdb_id": 17836, "title": "La caravane h\u00e9ro\u00efque", "original_title": "Virginia City", "slug_title": "la-caravane-heroique", "date": "1940-03-23", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Kerry Bradford Union officier \u00e9chappe \u00e0 une prison conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9e et courses pour intercepter 5 millions $ en or destin\u00e9 \u00e0 coffres conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9s. Un sympathisant sudiste et un bandit mexicain, chacun avec leur propre participation dans le butin, se dressent sur son chemin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wpyQi9LWHvxHnZj6sDZuppP015.jpg", "actors": ["Errol Flynn (Kerry Bradford)", "Miriam  Hopkins (Julia Hayne)", "Randolph Scott (Vance Irby)", "Humphrey Bogart (John Murrell)", "Frank McHugh (Mr. Upjohn)", "Alan Hale (Olaf Swenson)", "Guinn Williams (Marblehead)", "John Litel (Marshall)", "Douglass Dumbrille (Maj. Drewery)", "Moroni Olsen (Cameron)", "Russell Hicks (Armistead)", "Dickie Jones (Cobby)", "Frank Wilcox (Union Soldier)", "Russell Simpson (Gaylord)", "Victor Kilian (Abraham Lincoln)", "Charles Middleton (Jefferson Davis)", "Trevor Bardette (Union Fanatic with Knife)", "Hank Bell (Barfly)", "Ward Bond (Confederate Sergeant Checking Passengers)", "Roy Bucko (Barfly)", "Lane Chandler (Irby's Orderly at Libby)", "Spencer Charters (Sazerac Saloon Bartender)", "George Chesebro (Southerner)", "Tex Cooper (Townsman)", "Ben Corbett (Barfly)", "Harry Cording (Scarecrow - Union Prisoner at Libby)", "Claire Du Brey (Southern Woman with Rifle)", "Tom Dugan (Saloon Spieler)", "Jim Farley (Southerner)", "Paul Fix (Murrell's Henchman)", "Roy Gordon (Maj. Gen. Taylor)", "George Guhl (Sazerac Saloon Bartender #2)", "Henry Hall (Union Officer)", "Thurston Hall (Gen. George Meade)", "Charles Halton (Ralston - Virginia City Banker)", "Chick Hannan (Barfly)", "John Harron (Union Lieutenant)", "Al Haskell (Guerrilla)", "Howard C. Hickman (Confederate Gen. Page)", "Max Hoffman Jr. (Union Sergeant)", "Robert Homans (Southerner)", "William Hopper (Lieutenant Reporting Murrell's Attack)", "Reed Howes (Union Sergeant on Horse)", "Edward Keane (Officer)", "Jack Kenny (Barfly)", "Bernard L. Kowalski (Extra)", "Ethan Laidlaw (Union Soldier)", "Wilfred Lucas (Southerner)", "Sam McDaniel (Sam Moore - Black Driver)", "Robert Milasch (Townsman)", "Walter Miller (Sergeant in Saloon Reporting Irby's Whereabouts)", "Frank Mills (Prisoner at Libby Prison)", "Shirley Mills (Crying Young Southern Girl)", "Art Mix (Southerner)", "Kansas Moehring (Townsman)", "Monte Montague (Wells Fargo Stage Driver)", "Philip Morris (Confederate Sentry)", "Jack Mower (Outpost Officer)", "Wedgwood Nowell (Prosecuting Officer)", "Artie Ortego (Guerrilla)", "Bud Osborne (Ted - Stage Driver)", "Eddie Parker (Lieutenant)", "George Reeves (Maj. Drewery's Union Telegrapher)", "George Regas (Murrell's Halfbreed Henchman)", "Robert Robinson (Townsman)", "Albert Russell (Southerner)", "Georgia Simmons (Southern Spinster)", "Al Taylor (Barfly)", "Charles Trowbridge (Seddon - Aide to Jefferson Davis)", "Brandon Tynan (Trenholm)", "Sailor Vincent (Barfly)", "Blackie Whiteford (Townsman Standing by Stagecoach)", "Norman Willis (Union Sergeant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oh, I'm an expert at that now. Treating friends like strangers and enemies like friends.\r\n\r\nVirginia City is directed by Michael Curtiz and written by Robert Buckner. It stars Errol Flynn, Randolph Scott, Miriam Hopkins, Humphrey Bogart, Alan Hale and Guinn Williams. Music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by Sol Polito.\r\n\u200b\r\nStory is a loose working of actual events that happened in December 1864 at the tail end of the American Civil War. A group of Confederate sympathisers are trying to ship a substantial amount of gold out of Virginia City to rebel leader Jefferson Davis, where it is hoped that the course of the war that the Confederates are close to losing will now be changed...\u200b\r\n\u200b\r\nIt was a messy production, not very many people got on, the pic started without a finished script, and with the bad weather mixing with bad blood it was something of a chore for many of the cast. Add in that the great Bogart is woefully miscast - and he knows it - then you got a picture that considering the talent involved across the board is a long way away from being a genre classic.\u200b\r\n\u200b\r\nIt starts off so promisingly, we are thrust into the murky confines of Libby Prison - The Black Hole Of The Confederacy (AKA: The Devil's Warehouse), where the ever splendidly twinkled Flynn is burrowing out through a tunnel with his two comedy sidekicks, Hale and Williams. Before you know it they are to be confronted by that bastion of Western/Southern film greatness, Randolph Scott, this is classic film fan nirvana. Sadly it's a false dawn that precedes a film of great moments cobbled together to almost outstay its welcome.\r\n\r\nHowever, such as it is that a love of classic film can keep one engaged for escapist fare value, so it be here. Curtiz at least keeps things brisk enough with a number of action sequences, where we at times find the genius that is stuntman Yakima Canutt at the core of things. Some stunts here beggar belief, including one involving a horse that the ASPCA must have raged at! The stars hold court for their scenes - well except for Bogart trying to munch his way through a Mexican bandit accent and Hopkins out of tone the for the singing sequences , while as fluffy as it is the ending has a warm glow to it. Which leaves what?\r\n\r\nIt's not the disaster it could have been given the behind the scenes problems, and for sure a love of the era of film making it comes from ensures you have to give it props (it was popular on release). But this could have easily have had twenty minutes shaved from its excess, for then it might have spared an unhappy cast and an expectant audience the sense of disappointment it isn't top line stuff. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [53867, 62135, 43045, 82378], "youtube_key": "oqWMDmFx4lo"}