{"tmdb_id": 17832, "title": "Kull le conqu\u00e9rant", "original_title": "Kull the Conqueror", "slug_title": "kull-le-conquerant", "date": "1997-08-29", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Action", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Kull est un bon roi. Sa droiture et sa vaillance incomparables l'ont port\u00e9 sur le tr\u00f4ne et il est aim\u00e9 de son peuple. Seulement quelques noblions corrompus lui vouent une haine f\u00e9roce et sont bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 l'\u00e9liminer. C'est alors que, malgr\u00e9 les tendres sentiments qu'il porte \u00e0 l'esclave Zareta, il c\u00e8de \u00e0 la seduction de la belle Akivasha, une sorci\u00e8re mal\u00e9fique que ses ennemis ont ressuscit\u00e9e pour le tuer au cours de sa nuit de noces.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lFaw1DhlhbjM5MHmZoaQpZTBeUr.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Sorbo (Kull)", "Tia Carrere (Akivasha)", "Thomas Ian Griffith (General Taligaro)", "Litefoot (Ascalante)", "Roy Brocksmith (Tu)", "Harvey Fierstein (Juba)", "Karina Lombard (Zareta)", "Edward Tudor-Pole (Enaros)", "Douglas Henshall (Ducalon)", "Joe Shaw (Dalgar)", "Sven-Ole Thorsen (King Borna)", "Terry O'Neill (Ship Captain)", "Pat Roach (Zulcki)", "John Hallam (Mandara)", "Peter Petruna (Slave)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***\u201cBy this Axe I Rule!\u201d***\r\n\r\nAn Atlantean barbarian (Kevin Sorbo) takes the throne of Valusia when he defeats King Borna (Sven-Ole Thorsen) and so General Taligaro (Thomas Ian Griffith) & assorted \u201cnoble-blooded\u201d men conspire to overthrow Kull by resurrecting the wicked Acheron sorceress Akivasha (Tia Carrere). Karina Lombard plays Kull\u2019s love interest, Zareta, while Litefoot is on hand as the priest Ascalante.\r\n\r\nReleased in 1997, thirteen years after the last Conan movie, \u201cKull the Conqueror\u201d was intended to be the third Conan film, but Schwarzenegger declined so they morphed it into a Kull movie. For those not in the know, Kull was author Robert E. Howard\u2019s other barbarian hero, who wasn\u2019t as popular as Conan. Kull, incidentally, existed thousands of years before Conan\u2019s Hyborian Age. The switch didn\u2019t really matter because the script was loosely based on Howard\u2019s Conan story \"The Phoenix on the Sword,\" which was a rewrite of the Kull yarn \u201cBy this Axe I Rule.\u201d\r\n\r\nSorbo was in his prime here and definitely looks like Kull from the comics, except he has his characteristic geniality whereas Kull was more grim and brooding in Howard\u2019s tales. Nevertheless, Sorbo is well cast and one of the film\u2019s highlights.\r\n\r\nThe score by Joel Goldsmith is quite good, except for a couple of semi-cheesy metal riffs, like the eye-rolling riff near the beginning and another one much later during the fight at the ice cave, which isn\u2019t as bad. At least half of the score lacks any metal guitar whatsoever and most of the pieces that do include it are very good; there\u2019s just a couple of dubious riffs, which turned me off the first time I watched the movie. These wannabe metal rhythms were rather lame in 1997, let alone today.\r\n\r\nAnother flaw is that the opening of the movie is weak with Kull\u2019s dealings with the Dragon Legion and his fiery sword fight with Taligaro. If you\u2019re patient, however, the story takes a compelling turn with the palace confrontation. The production is acceptable, but noticeably inferior to \u201cConan the Destroyer\u201d (1984). I\u2019d say it\u2019s on par with \u201cThe Sword and the Sorcerer\u201d (1982), but with a superior story and more interesting characters (once you get past the lousy opening). I should add that Tia looks great as a green-eyed redhead and the fiery demon F/X at the close are quite effective.\r\n\r\nIF you can handle its obvious shortcomings, \u201cKull the Conqueror\u201d is an entertaining S&S flick that should be enjoyed by fans of Conan, Sinbad and the like. If you watched it before and didn\u2019t like it, give it a second chance. I\u2019m glad I did. It\u2019s flawed, but there\u2019s too much to appreciate to give it a negative rating.  \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 35 minutes and was shot in Slovakia (Bratislava & Cerveny Kamen) and Croatia (Kornati National Park & Murter Island).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [47881, 24126, 18862, 34309]}