{"tmdb_id": 1788, "title": "Footloose", "original_title": "Footloose", "slug_title": "footloose", "date": "1984-02-17", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Ren et sa m\u00e8re Ethel quittent Chicago pour Beaumont, une petite ville du Middle West. Passionn\u00e9 de rock et danseur effr\u00e9n\u00e9, Ren heurte les conceptions morales de la communaut\u00e9 et de son pasteur, ma\u00eetre \u00e0 penser du lieu. R\u00e9volt\u00e9s par cet univers scl\u00e9rosant, les jeunes de la ville se rallient \u00e0 Ren...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/79iEen28ai1rsXvOVWRJuHrsexO.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Bacon (Ren McCormack)", "Lori Singer (Ariel Moore)", "John Lithgow (Reverend Shaw Moore)", "Dianne Wiest (Vi Moore)", "Chris Penn (Willard Hewitt)", "Sarah Jessica Parker (Rusty)", "John Laughlin (Woody)", "Elizabeth Gorcey (Wendy Jo)", "Frances Lee McCain (Ethel McCormack)", "Jim Youngs (Chuck Cranston)", "Douglas Dirkson (Burlington Cranston)", "Lynne Marta (Lulu Warnicker)", "Arthur Rosenberg (Wes Warnicker)", "Timothy Scott (Andy Beamis)", "Alan Haufrect (Coach Roger Dunbar)", "Linda MacEwen (Eleanor Dunbar)", "Kim Jensen (Edna)", "Michael Telmont (Travis)", "Leo Geter (Rich)", "Ken Kemp (Jeff)", "Russ McGinn (Herb)", "Sam Dalton (Mr. Gurntz)", "H.E.D. Redford (Widdoes)", "Jay Bernard (Harvey)", "David Valenza (Team member)", "Meghan Broadhead (Sarah Warnicker)", "Mimi Broadhead (Amy Warnicker)", "Gene Pack (Bernie)", "Marcia Dangerfield (Virginia)", "John Perryman (Fat cowboy)", "Mary Ethel Gregory (Mrs. Allyson)", "Oscar Rowland (Mr. Walsh)", "J. Paul Broadhead (Mayor Dooley)", "John Bishop (Elvis)", "Carmen Trevino (Girl)", "Melissa Renee Graehl (Girl)", "Monica M. Da Silva (Girl)", "Terri Gay Ulmer (Girl)", "Brandyn Cross (Party kid)", "Kevin Denson (Dancer)", "Michael Flynn (Policeman)", "Deborah Frazier (Dancer)", "Marcia Gay Harden (Dancer)", "Andrea Hays (Bar patron)", "Michele Laurita (Dancer)", "Brian L. McCarty (Nerdy DJ)", "Alison Trouse (Cowgirl bar dancer)", "Brian Wimmer (Extra)", "Peter Tramm (Stunt Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\"A time to mourn and a time to dance\" - Ecclesiastes 3:4 \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1984 and directed by Herbert Ross, \u201cFootloose\u201d chronicles events in the small Western town of Bomont where dancing and loud music have been outlawed because of an accident that killed some kids years earlier. Preacher\u2019s daughter Ariel (Lori Singer) rebels against the legalistic measures while taking liking to a new student from Chicago, Ren (Kevin Bacon), whom her father (John Lithgow) disapproves of because he perceives Ren as a \u201ctroublemaker\u201d who wants to change the town laws against dancing.\r\n\r\nAlso on hand are Chris Penn as Ren's \u201ccountry boy\u201d pal, Willard, and Sarah Jessica Parker as Ariel's friend, Rusty. Penn's character is real fun and Sarah was a real cutie back in '84.\r\n\r\nI stayed away from this film because of Roger Ebert's scathing review and the fact that I thought the story was about some big city fop moving to a small town and dancing on the tables of the local high school, etc. I was wrong (and so was Ebert). The protagonist, Ren, is no dandy; in fact, he can kick some arse if necessary. And you never see him dancing through the halls of the high school or whatever. He\u2019s a professional-class gymnast and his dynamic solo work-out at the factory is simply a matter of blowing off steam, which is a form of healthy venting.\r\n\r\nAlthough I stayed away from \"Footloose,\u201d the film acquired a respectable following and this inspired me to finally view it. I now understand why it's so popular. \"Footloose\" has that cinematic magic that pulls you in and gives you a good time. This is just a really entertaining movie with an exceptional soundtrack of songs made for the move with no less than six top 40 hits, like the title track by Kenny Loggins and \u201cHolding Out for a Hero\u201d performed by Bonnie Tyler, plus a couple of other significant ditties, e.g. \u201cBang Your Head\u201d by Quiet Riot.\r\n\r\nSurprisingly, \u201cFootloose\u201d also has depth and is actually moving. We understand Rev. Shaw Moore's grief, but his rigid law-ism isn't doing his people or town any good. I like how Shaw isn't made out to be the clich\u00e9d villain. This is a good man thinking he's doing the right thing for his town, and in many ways he is, but the legalistic spirit he cops is sapping the life out of him, his family, his congregants and his town. Does he have the wisdom to see his error and re-route?\r\n\r\nBOTTOM LINE: Footloose is easily the best of the Big Three 80's dance movies and actually made significantly more at the domestic box office than \u201cDirty Dancing\u201d ($80 million compared to $65 million). It has heart, a great cast, a superb soundtrack, all-around entertainment and real-life mindfood. It's also based on a true story that occurred in Elmore City, Oklahoma. Actually, there were similar towns with the same laws throughout America (and maybe still are). \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 47 minutes and was shot in areas 30 minutes south of Salt Lake City, on the eastern side of Utah Lake. WRITER: Dean Pitchford.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [535, 11522, 11557, 12154], "youtube_key": "xxOuSqokKok"}