{"tmdb_id": 17898, "title": "Peur Bleue", "original_title": "Silver Bullet", "slug_title": "peur-bleue", "date": "1985-10-10", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Quand une petite ville tranquille est terroris\u00e9e par un loup-garou sanguinaire, seul un gar\u00e7on en fauteuil roulant a le courage de traquer la b\u00eate myst\u00e9rieuse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w5B4xDqtkFy8nhuIlpM0vUmR7vD.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Busey (Uncle Red)", "Everett McGill (Reverend Lowe)", "Corey Haim (Marty Coslaw)", "Megan Follows (Jane Coslaw)", "Terry O'Quinn (Sheriff Joe Haller)", "James Gammon (Arnie Westrum)", "Tovah Feldshuh (Narrator)", "Lawrence Tierney (Owen)", "Bill Smitrovich (Andy Fairton)", "Joe Wright (Brady)", "Robin Groves (Nan Coslaw)", "Leon Russom (Bob Coslaw)", "Kent Broadhurst (Herb Kincaid)", "Heather Simmons (Tammy Sturmfuller)", "James A. Baffico (Milt Sturmfuller)", "Rebecca Fleming (Mrs. Sturmfuller)", "William Newman (Virgil Cuts)", "Sam Stoneburner (Mayor O'Banion)", "Lonnie Moore (Billy mcLaren)", "Rick Pasotto (Aspinall)", "Cassidy Eckert (Girl)", "Wendy Walker (Stella Randolph)", "Michael Lague (Stella's Boyfriend)", "Myra Mailloux (Stella's mother)", "William Brown (Bobby Robertson)", "Herb Harton (Elmer Zinneman)", "David Hart (Pete Sylvester)", "Graham Smith (Porter Zinneman)", "Paul Butler (Edgar Rounds)", "Crystal Field (Maggie Andrews)", "Julius LeFlore (Smokey)", "Roxanne Aalam (Uncle Red's Girl)", "Pearl Jones (Mrs. Thayer)", "Ish Jones Jr. (Mr. Thayer)", "Steven White (Outfielder)", "Conrad McLaren (Mac)", "Tovah Feldshuh (Older Jane (voice))", "Laura Warner (Towns Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rosemary Johnsobn", "content": "What makes this movie a winner to me is that the Boogeyman can be anyone; and usually is the person we want to trust in the most outside of a Supreme Higher power than ourselves; this movie is great because, it shares a great bond and obligation between siblings and family, with family support, open-mindedness, and will; brings back that old saying; If there's a will there's a way. Well thought out from the beginning to the end. Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Quaint comic book werewolf flick by Stephen King\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1985 and directed by Daniel Attias, \"Silver Bullet\" chronicles events in a small town in Eastern America when a ferocious werewolf starts picking people off one-by-one. Corey Haim and Megan Follows play the adolescent brother/sister protagonists, the boy being a paraplegic. Gary Busey appears as the amiable alcoholic uncle while Robin Groves plays the mother. Everett McGill is on hand as a prominent minister while Terry O'Quinn appears as the sheriff.\r\n\r\nStephen King wrote both the novella and the screenplay and so the movie has the comic book vibe of movies based on King\u2019s works. The townspeople are unsurprisingly cartoonish, but the main family is well done, i.e. realistic. In any case, \u201cSilver Bullet\u201d seems quaint compared to the three werewolf flicks of 1981: \u201cThe Howling,\u201d \u201cAn American Werewolf in London\u201d and \u201cWolfen\u201d (of course the latter wasn\u2019t strictly a werewolf flick, if at all). Nevertheless, I appreciate the old fashioned take on the subject and the warmth of the family members. The werewolf is Grade B when fully revealed, but certainly formidable. \r\n\r\nThe film conveys cinematic stereotypes, like the goodhearted drunk (or prostitute) and the corrupt civic leader, who puts on a fake smile for the community while being a savage beast within. Although there\u2019s some truth to these depictions, most of the time a drunkard is an alcoholic because his/her heart is desperately flawed. And the bulk of respected community leaders aren\u2019t evil incarnate. Yet I like the way the movie shows how everything is not necessarily as it appears.            \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 35 minutes and was shot in North Carolina (Burgaw, Leland, Wilmington, Castle Hayne and Carolina Beach). \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Like a children's horror movie that still has some **actual** horror, Busey chews up _Silver Bullet_ hard, because of course he does, but it was still pretty enjoyable. If you **are** feeling a retro sort a deal, I can recommend it, not strongly, but there's a mood you can be in where _Silver Bullet_ is much appreciated.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [11428, 11415, 20701, 27769], "youtube_key": "cXdNkTyjQKE"}