{"tmdb_id": 1790, "title": "Au paradis \u00e0 coups de revolver", "original_title": "Heaven with a Gun", "slug_title": "au-paradis-a-coups-de-revolver", "date": "1969-05-20", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Devenu fondateur de la Mission \u00e9vang\u00e9lique du Bon Pasteur, l'ancien tueur repenti et amnisti\u00e9, Jim Killian, se consacre \u00e0 pr\u00e9sent \u00e0 la pacification des communaut\u00e9s d\u00e9chir\u00e9es par tous les conflits marquants de la Conqu\u00eate de l'Ouest. Jim Killian intervient \u00e0 Vinegatoon o\u00f9 le puissant clan des \u00e9leveurs de bovins s'oppose aux pauvres bergers pour des raisons de p\u00e2turages. La bible se r\u00e9v\u00e8lera alors impuissante face aux revolvers... et l'affrontement sera in\u00e9vitable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4A1wm2H6FYFyKDKhJSfZ8jVMcqO.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Jim Killan)", "Carolyn Jones (Madge McCloud)", "Barbara Hershey (Leloopa)", "John Anderson (Ase Beck)", "David Carradine (Coke Beck)", "J. D. Cannon (Mace)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Garvey)", "Harry Townes (Gus Sampson)", "William Bryant (Bart Paterson)", "Virginia Gregg (Mrs. Patterson)", "Barbara Babcock (Mrs. Andrews)", "Angelique Pettyjohn (Emily)", "Al Wyatt Sr. (Leeloopa's Father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You gotta doctor in this town? Go get him!\r\n\r\nHeaven with a Gun is directed by Lee Katzin and written by Richard Carr. it stars Glenn Ford, Carolyn Jones, Barbara Hershey, John Anderson, David Carradine, J.D. Cannon and Noah Beery Jr. Music is by Johnny Mandel and the Metrocolor/Panavision cinematography is by Fred Koenekamp. \r\n\r\nThis is a good ole late 1960s Oater, not one to rush out and see immediately, or quickly part with your cash to buy or rent - or go out and steal. But it has Glenn Ford, who maybe in the twilight of his career, but still a bad mutha with gun, shovel and a pulpit! Yep, the punching preacher indeed. \r\n\r\nLambs to the slaughter. \r\n\r\nIt's the town of Vinegarroon and a war is raging between cattle and sheep breeders. Into this walks Jim Killian (Ford), a famed gunfighter who has come to build a church and preach the bible. However, Pastor Jim is not afraid to use his guns in the name of the Lord! \r\n\r\nThe God Squad. \r\n\r\nIt is what it is in that respect, the cheeky kicker here is that Killian is unorthodox in his methods, anyone wanting to come to church will be guaranteed safety, important since Killian is trying to convince the cattle and sheep barons that they can co-exist, that the animals (all God's creatures of course) can do it, and thus so can the humans. Naturally some are more keen to give it a try than others - cue intimidation and bloodshed, Killian clearly has his work cut out here... \r\n\r\nThe musical score is a touch out of place, one big turn of events feels completely unnecessary, while the delectable Hershey works hard but never comes close to convincing as a girl of Indian blood. Converseley the Arizona locales are nicely prominent, while Anderson does his stuff, Carradine fits well as a dastard hot-head and Beery Junior is a reassuring presence. As is Ford, a Western actor that fans can rely on, to feel safe around, it is he that keeps this on the good side of good. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [287726, 72472, 37593, 167769]}