{"tmdb_id": 17909, "title": "Qui chante la-bas ?", "original_title": "Ko to tamo peva", "slug_title": "qui-chante-la-bas", "date": "1980-01-01", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Aventure", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "A la veille de l'invasion de la Yougoslavie, le 5 avril 1941, le voyage d'un autobus bringuebalant et de ses passagers dans la campagne. Le microcosme d'une population desabusee dans un pays au bord du desastre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nndKddgLcAj9dtPbPMbXEqcRyHH.jpg", "actors": ["Pavle Vuisi\u0107 (Kondukter)", "Aleksandar Ber\u010dek (Mi\u0161ko)", "Dragan Nikoli\u0107 (Peva\u010d \u0161lagera)", "Danilo 'Bata' Stojkovi\u0107 (Brka)", "Neda Arneri\u0107 (Mlada)", "Slavko \u0160timac (Mlado\u017eenja)", "Milivoje Mi\u0107a Tomi\u0107 (Aleksa Simi\u0107)", "Boro Stjepanovi\u0107 (\u0106elavi)", "Ta\u0161ko Na\u010di\u0107 (Lovac)", "Petar Lupa (Pop)", "Borivoje Todorovi\u0107 (Sve\u0161tenik na groblju)", "Stanojlo Milinkovi\u0107 (Deda na njivi)", "Slobodan Aligrudi\u0107 (Vojni stare\u0161ina)", "Slobodan Aligrudi\u0107 (Poru\u010dnik)", "Ljubomir \u0106iprani\u0107 (Kaplar)", "Milovan Tasi\u0107 (Ora\u010dev sin koji bu\u0161i gumu)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "dotokija", "content": "An old bus, owned by \"Krstic & son\" is heading from unnamed province to the capital Belgrade, just one day before Nazis attacked Yugoslavia in april 1941. \r\nThe writer Dusan Kovacevic stated that this story was inspired by true events and real people. They all had their reasons why they needed to get to Belgrade as soon as possible, not knowing that their destiny was uncertain.\r\nAnd their stories and characters get twisted together in a series of events that make you laugh in disbelief.\r\nThis comedy and drama is so popular in all of ex Yugoslavia, that even young people know the most of dialogs from this movie by heart. They have become the part of the popular culture. Dusan Kovacevic manages to make those characters so real and alive. The cast is the first class, all of the actors come from the best theaters in the country. \r\nNo use to tell the story and spoil the joy of watching. Just to tell how good it is: the play is staged in theaters around the country for more than 30 years! \r\n\r\nI will not waste time trying to explain technical details, photography, etc. since I am not an expert for that. When one watches the movie, all it matters is do you get bored during the show at any point? Not with this one! And the feeling you get after: do you get excited? Do you want to watch it again? Oh, yes!\r\nIt is funny, interesting, it makes you laugh, it makes you cry. You will see that different cultures are not so different and that destiny can play tricks with everyone and everywhere.\r\n\r\nIf you've seen \"The Marathon Family\" or \"The Balkan Spy\" and you liked it, know that this one comes from the same kitchen so it will taste great."}, {"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "<i>Ko to tamo peva?</i> is one of Yugoslavia's film classics. It was shot and released in 1980, but it looks back to a tragic era in the country's history: the opening titles announce that what we will see takes place on 5 April 1941, a date that any Yugoslav at this time would recognize as the day before the German invasion. In a non-descript countryside, a bus stops for a motley crew of passengers all headed for Belgrade. They include a grizzled old WWI veteran (Milivoje \"Mi\u0107a\" Tomic), a dandy hoping to audition at a caberet (Dragan Nikolic), a germanophile who may well be a spy (Bata Stojkovi\u0107), and a newlywed couple (Slavko Stimac, Neda Arneric). Also on board are two gypsies (Miodrag and Nenad Kosti\u0107) who periodically comment on the action in funny musical interludes. Driving the bus is cranky and sly old man Kstic (Pavle Vuisic) and his manchild son Misko (Aleksandar Bercek).\r\n\r\nSo much of the Yugoslav cinema tradition up to this point had consisted of state-approved World War II films repeatedly underscoring how the brave Yugoslav Partisans beat the Germans through every patriotic Yugoslav banding together regardless of their backgrounds and differences. <i>Ko to tamo peva?</i> upsets this tradition, depicting its cast as a squabbling bunch of cantankerous, greedy, and venial types, every man for himself. Yet, in spite of their dislike for one another, the Serb passengers manage to join together at least to beat up the gypsies. (This is a grim counterpart of the old joke popular in the USSR that \"friendship of peoples\" -- one of the values proclaimed by the Communist Party -- refers to when e.g. Russians and Georgians join together to beat up some third ethnicity.)\r\n\r\nAs the bus makes its way to the big city, the passengers encounter a series of absurd obstacles a la William Faulkner's novel <i>As I Lay Dying</i>: a funeral, the bus driver's impromptu barbecue, and the Yugoslav army detaining them as suspected spies. It seems like they will never reach Belgrade. But when they do finally make it to the capital, the audience has a surprise in store.\r\n\r\nThe extremely high rating given to this film is mainly due to Serbs and other former Yugoslavs gushing about a beloved classic, perhaps more than it deserves. For viewers outside Yugoslavia, few are likely to get all the references and humour, and so one will probably be so impressed as those reviewers giving this a perfect 10. Still, <i>Ko to tamo peva?</i> may be worth seeing for cinephiles abroad. Much of the comedy does come through. Furthermore, the work of the former Yugoslavia's most internationally acclaimed filmmaker, Emir Kusturica, riffs on some of the gags here. Indeed, the screenplay for this film was written by Dusan Kovacevic, who would eventually collaborate with Kusturica on <i>Underground</i>, and <i>Ko to tamo peva?</i> presents a similar view of the Balkan mentality as a lot of riotous eating, drinking, and dancing as in Kusturica's films."}], "recommandations_id": [29450, 109587, 148034, 33604]}