{"tmdb_id": 17918, "title": "La Cr\u00e9ature du Marais", "original_title": "Swamp Thing", "slug_title": "la-creature-du-marais", "date": "1982-02-19", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans les sombres mar\u00e9cages de la Louisiane, le scientifique Alec Holland, assist\u00e9 d'Alice Cable, une agent du gouvernement, a mis au point une cellule v\u00e9g\u00e9tale r\u00e9volutionnaire, dot\u00e9e de l'intelligence et l'instinct de survie d'un animal.Une d\u00e9couverte capitale,capable d'\u00e9radiquer la famine de la plan\u00e8te.Mais leur ennemi jur\u00e9, le sinistre Arcane, cherchant \u00e0 s'emparer du s\u00e9rum, saccagele laboratoire, kidnappe Alice et d\u00e9verse sur Alec des fioles de son produit.Alec Holland commence \u00e0 se transformer en une cr\u00e9ature mi-homme, mi-v\u00e9g\u00e9tal, anim\u00e9e par une soif de vengeance destructrice....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/MQG0XuWjfdsPm9upD5aZ0atMAx.jpg", "actors": ["Louis Jourdan (Dr. Anton Arcane)", "Adrienne Barbeau (Alice Cable)", "Ray Wise (Doctor Alec Holland)", "David Hess (Ferret)", "Nicholas Worth (Bruno)", "Don Knight (Ritter)", "Al Ruban (Charlie)", "Dick Durock (Swamp Thing)", "Ben Bates (Arcane Monster)", "Nannette Brown (Dr. Linda Holland)", "Reggie Batts (Jude)", "Mimi Craven (Arcane's Secretary)", "Karen Price (Arcane's Messenger)", "Bill Erickson (Young Agent)", "Dov Gottesfeld (Commando)", "Tommy Madden (Little Bruno)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "HoundCat", "content": "This movie was so awful, I loved it! \n\nI saw this film in the theater when I was in high school and couldn't get enough of the cheesy horror flick, sci-fi, and all that was in-between, and \"Swamp Thing\" was just the right kind of movie I needed to see at the right time to enjoy it as I did.  **Adrienne Barbeau** had the right assets for a high school boy, and to this day I love any movie or TV show with **Ray Wise**.  \n\nThe effects were pretty cool for that time, though not too sophisticated as they really didn't need do be. As long as you had some dry ice, food coloring, water, beakers and such, and a green rubber suit that looked a bit like a walking bean stalk, this was the movie to make following in the tradition of bringing the comics we read and collected to life on the big screen. Sure, I had Swamp Thing comic books (DC) (I guess they're called 'Graphic Novels' now). A few more prosthetics and **Wes Craven** writing and directing and you have \"Swamp Thing\" the motion picture. \n\nRent it, buy it, stream it, just watch it, and grab a bag of popcorn if you love these movies like I do. In other words, just enjoy!"}, {"pseudo": "Cam864", "content": "Meh. I found Swamp Thing to be rather bleak. Just really some lady falls in love with a scientist turned swamp monster. They just kind of kiss and then \u201chey, look we are in love\u201d and then he turns into a dreadfully awful looking ideration of the Swamp Thing and she\u2019s scared of it until she figures out it\u2019s him. Really cool to see this was filmed in my state of residence, South Carolina, though."}], "recommandations_id": [19142, 23730, 11954, 29343], "youtube_key": "kzbqK4nw3R8"}