{"tmdb_id": 179439, "title": "Les portes de l'enfer", "original_title": "Hellgate", "slug_title": "les-portes-de-l-enfer", "date": "1952-09-04", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Kansas, 1867. La Guerre de S\u00e9cession est termin\u00e9e depuis peu mais des ren\u00e9gats sudistes n\u2019ayant pas support\u00e9 la d\u00e9faite sillonnent toujours la campagne, commettant encore quelques actes \"terroristes\" \u00e0 l\u2019encontre des civils. Le v\u00e9t\u00e9rinaire Gil Hanley (Sterling Hayden) vit paisiblement avec son \u00e9pouse (Joan Leslie) dans un coin isol\u00e9 quand un groupe de ces rebelles vient frapper \u00e0 sa porte, l\u2019un d\u2019entre eux (James Anderson) \u00e9tant bless\u00e9. Hanley le soigne sans se montrer curieux quant \u00e0 la raison de sa plaie mais peu apr\u00e8s des soldats de l\u2019arm\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine viennent l\u2019arr\u00eater. Ils ont retrouv\u00e9 derri\u00e8re sa maison une sacoche d\u2019argent vol\u00e9, perdue par les hors-la-loi, et l\u2019accusent d\u2019avoir aid\u00e9 des bandits en fuite, voire m\u00eame de faire partie du gang tra\u00eetre \u00e0 la patrie, lui-m\u00eame ayant \u00e9t\u00e9 un ex-soldat conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Ak4p8eaTO9Wcbkv5vNlm6QOU3fG.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Hayden (Lt. Tod Voorhees)", "Joan Leslie (Ellen Hanley)", "Ward Bond (Lt. Tod Voorhees)", "James Arness (George Redfield)", "Robert J. Wilke (Sgt. Maj. Kearn (as Robert Wilkie))", "Peter Coe (Jumper Hall)", "John Pickard (Gundy Boyd)", "James H. Anderson (Vern Brechene (as Kyle James))", "Richard Emory (Dan Mott)", "Dick Paxton (George Nye (as Richard Paxton))", "William Hamel (Lt. Col. Woods (as William R. Hamel))", "Marshall Bradford (Dr. Pelham)", "Sheb Wooley (Neill Price)", "Rory Mallinson (Banta)", "Pat Coleman (Hunchy)", "Pat Coleman (Hunchy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hellgate, the citadel of terror in the blazing heat of the Romara Desert.\r\n\r\nHellgate is directed by Charles Marquis Warren who also co-writes the screenplay with John C. Champion, the latter of which also produces. Andrew V. McLaglen is the assistant director. It stars Sterling Hayden, Ward Bond, Joan Leslie, James Arness, Peter Coe, John Pickard and Robert Wilkie. Music is scored by Paul Dunlap and cinematography by Ernest W. Miller.\r\n\r\n\"It is not for us to decide at this date that the man, Gilman Hanley, was the victim of a nations unintentional injustice. Rather, it is our duty to see that the fate that befell him can never again befall any man\". Oliver Wendell Holmes, Justice, U.S, Supreme Court.\r\n\r\nLets cut to the chase, there was no Hellgate Prison, no Romara Desert and no Gilman Hanley. The film is set in New Mexico but filmed in California. And, as the few reviews about it will attest to, this is ultimately The Prisoner of Shark Island remade as a Western. But what a treat for Western fans it is.\r\n\r\nDoorway of the Damned! The Curse of Convicts! The Shame of America!\r\n\r\nSweaty, moody and full of testosterone, Hellgate is also compact and firmly dealing in the innocent good guy suffering at the hands of a pathetic justice system. Hayden is our good doctor Hanley, well veterinarian actually, who administers basic first aid to a Guerilla outlaw and gets sent to America's Devil's Island. The prison is out in the desert, surrounded by a rock formation and the cells are underground lock ups in the caves. Punishment for misbehaving is slow whipping or a stint in the baking oven! Even if the convicts get out of the rock valley, there's Pima Indians waiting to hunt them down and secure a bounty for their heads.\r\n\r\nHanley is in trouble, sadistic Lt. Tod Voorhees (Bond of course) doesn't much care for him, as he tells him, \"You'll find I have a special regard for Guerillas\", not only that but he is in a shared cell with some right characters, including Redfield (Arness), one tough mother who doesn't much care for another guy taking up the monthly water ration. What will follow is machismo moments, fights, torture, battle of wills, death and escape attempts, while anyone who has seen Prisoner of Shark Island will know that disease enters the fray and gives us a finale of punch the air satisfaction.\r\n\r\nNot all the acting is first grade stuff, though Hayden is perfect for this role, and the abruptness of the key Typhus infection turnaround for the finale kind of feels like a cheat after having endured some quality claustrophobia for the previous 75 minutes. But this is still a tight and taut production, an unquenchable thirst of moody black and white 50s cinema. Which for anyone else like me who loves Westerns and anything prison based, is manna from heaven. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [136772]}