{"tmdb_id": 17971, "title": "Une nuit folle, folle", "original_title": "Midnight Madness", "slug_title": "une-nuit-folle-folle", "date": "1980-02-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Un g\u00e9nie \u00e9tudiant dipl\u00f4m\u00e9 organise une toute la nuit chasse au tr\u00e9sor dans lequel cinq \u00e9quipes rivales compos\u00e9es d'hurluberlus color\u00e9es correspondent furieusement esprits les uns aux autres, tout en essayant de localiser et de d\u00e9chiffrer divers indices \u00e9nigmatiques plant\u00e9s ing\u00e9nieusement autour de Los Angeles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vxzQbGOLxOxi6S5wbTGTEcwCwfk.jpg", "actors": ["Michael J. Fox (Scott Larson)", "David Naughton (Adam Larson - Yellow Team Leader)", "Stephen Furst (Harold - Blue Team Leader)", "Maggie Roswell (Donna - Red Team Leader)", "Eddie Deezen (Wesley - White Team Leader)", "Debra Clinger (Laura - Yellow Team)", "David Damas (Marvin - Yellow Team)", "Patricia Alice Albrecht (Lucille - Blue Team)", "Andy Tennant (Melio - Blue Team)", "Brian Frishman (Barf - Blue Team)", "Joel Kenney (Flynch - Yellow Team)", "Sal Lopez (Blade - Blue Team)", "Robyn Petty (Berle - Red Team)", "Betsy Lynn Thompson (Peggy - Red Team)", "Carol Gwynn Thompson (Lulu - Red Team)", "Marvin Katzoff (Debater #1 - White Team)", "Christopher Sands (Debater #2 - White Team)", "Dirk Blocker (Blaylak - Green Team)", "Kirsten Baker (Sunshine)", "John Fiedler (Wally Thorpe)", "Paul Reubens (Pinball City Proprietor)", "Keny Long (Gerber - Green Team)", "Alan Solomon (Leon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "Midnight Madness is a comedy adventure movie brought to us from the fine folks over at Disney! That's right. Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Winnie the Pooh. The whole lot. Now, I understand that Disney puts out a lot of things with different companies. But Midnight Madness was released officially by the mouse. This is the first Disney movie that I have seen with such overt sexual content. It's wonderful!\r\n\r\nThe plot is in the same vein as movies like Cannonball Run or It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. This movie just mixes in a bit of Animal House and other College Comedies of the era. Five teams of bombastic stereotypical young-adults set out on a treasure hunt. They follow clues that lead them to locations with more clues. The winners are given a trophy. The secondary plot follows Adam and his brother Scott as they try to bond.\r\n\r\nThe teams are color coded. Green, Blue, Red, White and Yellow. The Green team is the Jocks. Your stereotypical meat-heads appropriately driving a cropped VW Bug called the Meat Wagon. Dirk Blocker plays Blaylock who has some hilarious scenes at a Pabst Blue Ribbon factory. Easily the best jock. The Blue team are jerks. Stephen Furst of Animal House is the leader. He is short tempered and seems unenthused. The Red team is the female group. Their memorable members are these obese twins that giggle, a lot. The White team are nerds. Their led by Eddie Deezen. \r\n\r\nThe Yellow team is our star team. This is the featured team of the film. It features your stars like David Naughton, Debra Clinger, David Damas, Michael J. Fox and Joel Kenney as Flynch. Flynch is your McLovin' character. Fox is making his film debut in Midnight Madness. It's also an early feature that cameos Paul Rubens before his Pee-Wee Herman fame. \r\n\r\nMidnight Madness is fun. It's a comedy with light raunch that is entertaining above all things. It has it's issues. But all of that is overshadowed by the fact that this is a Disney movie with boob jokes! You can't beat it."}], "recommandations_id": [206321, 109167, 103777, 64875], "youtube_key": "gLusAy-aOJY"}