{"tmdb_id": 179855, "title": "La Folie de L'Or", "original_title": "Cripple Creek", "slug_title": "la-folie-de-l-or", "date": "1952-06-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe d'espions du gouvernement infiltre un gang de trafiquants d'or pour le d\u00e9manteler.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/weRzhU7RIwtofvH9Qd7HPGzk4Bq.jpg", "actors": ["George Montgomery (Bret Ivers / Iverson)", "Karin Booth (Julie Hanson)", "Jerome Courtland (Larry Galland)", "William Bishop (Silver Kirby)", "Richard Egan (Strap Galland alias Gillis)", "Don Porter (Denver Jones)", "John Dehner (Emil Cabeau)", "Roy Roberts (Marshal John Tetheroe)", "George Cleveland ('Hardrock' Hanson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Undercover Crisis in Cripple Creek. \r\n\r\nCripple Creek is directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Richard Schayer. It stars George Montgomery, Jerome Courtland, Richard Egan, Karin Booth, John Dehner, Don Porter and William Bishop. Music is by Mischa Bakaleinikoff and Technicolor cinematography by William V. Skall. \r\n\r\nTwo secret service agents go undercover as gunmen in the mining town of Cripple Creek, Colorado. Someone has been smuggling gold ore out of the country at a time when gold reserves are critically low. \r\n\r\nHarmless, colourful and vigorous, Cripple Creek is solid Western entertainment. It packs a lot into its relatively short running time, with chases, gunfights, robberies and an almighty barroom brawl. The narrative is not without brains, with a healthy mystery element ticking away throughout, and in amongst the shifty shenanigans perpetrated by denizens of Cripple Creek there\u2019s some surprises in store. The acting is the standard fare for such a production, which is ok as the cast all engage with their efforts, while set designs and colour photography score favourably as well. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [223611, 148109, 264131, 130101], "youtube_key": "notfound"}