{"tmdb_id": 18015, "title": "Shark Attack 3 : Megalodon", "original_title": "Shark Attack 3: Megalodon", "slug_title": "shark-attack-3-megalodon", "date": "2002-11-26", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "La terreur r\u00e8gne dans les profondeurs paradisiaques des Bahamas. D'effroyables agressions mortelles ensanglantent la r\u00e9gion dont s'occupe le garde-c\u00f4te Ben Carpenter. D\u00e9couvrant une dent, il acquiert la certitude que c'est l'oeuvre d'un requin. Il demande l'aide d'une sp\u00e9cialiste, Cataline, qui lui r\u00e9v\u00e8le qu'il s'agit d'un sp\u00e9cimen dont on croyait la race \u00e9teinte depuis des millions d'ann\u00e9es: le M\u00e9galodon. Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 exterminer l'implacable pr\u00e9dateur, ils vont d\u00e9couvrir une r\u00e9alit\u00e9 bien plus terrifiante: le requin qu'ils poursuivent n'est qu'un b\u00e9b\u00e9, le v\u00e9ritable monstre est beaucoup, beaucoup plus grand...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1u7YT0qenpdZmhMZmto8TEAAYwh.jpg", "actors": ["John Barrowman (Ben Carpenter)", "Jenny McShane (Cataline Stone)", "Ryan Cutrona (Chuck Rampart)", "Bashar Rahal (Luis Ruiz)", "George Stanchev (Esai 'Sy')", "Pavlin Kemilev (Porter)", "Plamen Manassiev (Radio Tech)", "Krasimir Simeonov (Sonar Chief)", "Ivo Tonchev (Ramirez)", "Rosi Chernogorova (Sherry)", "Plamen Zahov (Hector)", "Peter Rusev (First Mate)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Grade B \u201cJaws\u201d rip-off is mildly amusing, but overall meh***\r\n\r\nEvidence of a prehistoric shark is discovered near a resort town on the west coast of Mexican. A beach patrol chief (John Barrowman) and a paleontologist (Jenny McShane) team-up to see if the megalodon actually exists. It does and it\u2019s feeding on beachgoers.\r\n\r\n\u201cShark Attack 3: Megalodon\u201d (2002) is not as bad as armchair critics say or as amusing as its supporters say in a \u201cso bad it\u2019s good\u201d way. It\u2019s somewhere in between. Jenny McShane returns from the first flick (1999), but the film\u2019s not as good. Not that the first one was great or anything, but at least it had an original plot. This one rips-off \u201cJaws\u201d too much, including the similar-sounding shark music. It\u2019s also predictable. For instance, if the initial megalodon discovered is a baby, what do ya think that means? Nevertheless, the scene done at the 1-hour mark is effective.   \r\n\r\nOn the female front, Jenny\u2019s three years older here and not as curvy or alluring. There are several glimpses of bikini-clad women in the periphery but they\u2019re generally second rate with maybe one or two brief exceptions.\r\n\r\nThe movie was shot in Bulgaria, but the Mexican flag is shown in as many scenes as possible to convince viewers that it\u2019s Mexico. I didn\u2019t have a problem with this because the scenery was a decent stand-in for Mexico, it\u2019s just that most of the actors are Eastern Europeans who are badly dubbed or speak with heavy accents.\r\n\r\nThe obvious CGI is unsurprisingly cartoonish, but the actual shark footage is good, filmed off the coast of South Africa. The main protagonists are decent and play it straight while the heavies are too over-the-top sinister. The few unintentional laughs don\u2019t come until the final act.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 39 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [42187, 42185, 15591, 39283]}