{"tmdb_id": 180287, "title": "Circles in a Forest", "original_title": "Circles in a Forest", "slug_title": "circles-in-a-forest", "date": "1989-08-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Saul Barnard grew up in a family of woodcutters. The woodcutters are scared of the elephants in the forest, but there's one elephant that never seems to threaten Saul. Tired of being exploited by wood buyers, Saul takes a stand and his father chases him away. He goes to work on the wood buyer MacDonald's wood yard, where he gets to know MacDonald's daughter, Kate, and falls in love with her. After a few years he leaves MacDonald and joins the first prospectors in the forest, searching for gold. Millwood becomes a small town with hotels and bars and houses. Kate appears again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jNQ9Bf1NXNdowooHCxZVuEL0854.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Vosloo (Saul Barnard)", "Ian Bannen (MacDonald)", "Judi Trott (Kate MacDonald)", "Brion James (Mr. Patterson)", "Joe Stewardson (Joram Barnard)", "Christo Niehaus (Younger Saul Barnard)", "Danielle Crouse (Younger Kate MacDonald)", "Joanna Palmer (Mrs. MacDonald)", "Nic van Rensburg (Older Jozef Barnard)", "Albert Maritz (Younger Jozef Barnard)", "Liam Cundill (Older Isak Barnard)", "Dulcie van den Bergh (Sanna)", "Prince Mokhini (Maska)", "Shareen Swart (Magrieta Barnard)", "Lynne White (Mrs. Stopforth (as Lynn White))", "Wilson Dunster (Crompton)", "Ingrid Emslie (Older Jane)", "Dorette Potgieter (Younger Jane)", "Gillian Garlick (Mrs. Cairncross)", "Scott J. Ateah (Cairncross)", "David Sherwood (Morris)", "David Butler (Older James)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}