{"tmdb_id": 18043, "title": "Popcorn", "original_title": "Popcorn", "slug_title": "popcorn", "date": "2007-03-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Too insecure to approach the girl of his dreams, Danny takes a job at the local multiplex where she works", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1Vriskf7zzrWtE8kqUuh1G95Kam.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Ryder (Danny)", "Jodi Albert (Suki)", "Laura Aikman (Jeannie)", "Luke de Woolfson (Zak)", "Ophelia Lovibond (Katerina)", "Colette Brown (Florence)", "Andrew-Lee Potts (Kris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Doug Fisherman", "content": "Production-Wise:\r\n\r\nActing = 4/10,\r\nScript = 3/10,\r\nProduction = 7/10,\r\nNot a complicated job. Any organised director could rap it up in 21 days or less. So rent a working theater complex, bring in the gear, set up, shoot, tear down = 5-7 days. Editing another 5 days, 7 days if audio dubs are necessary and they probably are for the concrete corridor scenes. Render the print and save will probably took a week for 2006/2007 machines. Marketting should be easy enough just because of the topless, unoffensive nature of this film. UNRATED this could be on the shelves within 90 days.\r\n\r\nContent-Wise:\r\n\r\nSome very attractive girls and great eye candy. Yes, there is great topless nudity as expected. The ending does leave some unanswered questions regarding the main crime plot which I would have prefered cleared up as it was a significant part of the sub-plot. Does the boy get the girl? You'll have to watch it to see.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe female audience will enjoy the soap opera, and the men will put up with the soap because of the hot chicks. Not worth an expensive night out at the theater but from the $2.00 BARGAIN BIN watching at home, it's ok. I doubt anyone would watch it a 2nd time.\r\n\r\nMy overall rating 3/10 on the Hollywood scale, 8/10 on the bargain bin scale.\r\n\r\n\r\nEnjoy it."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}