{"tmdb_id": 180644, "title": "Anina", "original_title": "Anina", "slug_title": "anina", "date": "2015-04-02", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Familial", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Anina Yatay Salas est une petite fille qui n\u2019aime pas son nom car c\u2019est un palindrome \u2013 on peut le lire \u00e0 l\u2019envers comme \u00e0 l\u2019endroit \u2013 et fait d\u2019elle la ris\u00e9e de ses camarades. Un jour, suite \u00e0 une bagarre dans la cour d\u2019\u00e9cole, Anina et son ennemie Gis\u00e8le sont convoqu\u00e9es par la directrice qui leur remet comme \u00e9trange punition, une enveloppe scell\u00e9e qu\u2019elles ne devront pas ouvrir avant sept jours. Anina avec son imagination d\u00e9bordante, fera tout pour deviner le contenu de l\u2019enveloppe myst\u00e9rieuse\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k3F4gxSmYUartkawKV6kUMN813I.jpg", "actors": ["Federica Laca\u00f1o (Anina)", "Guillermina Pardo (Florencia)", "Luc\u00eda Parrilla (Ysel)", "Cristina Mor\u00e1n (School principal)", "C\u00e9sar Troncoso (Padre de Anina)", "Mar\u00eda Mendive (Madre de Anina)", "Petru Valenski (Tota)", "Roberto Su\u00e1rez (Pocha)", "Gimena Fajardo (Maestra Agueda)", "Florencia Zabaleta (Maestra Aurora)", "Marcel Keoroglian (C\u00e9sar)", "Jhonny Hendrix (Perianto)", "Ana Gonz\u00e1lez (Abuela de Anina)", "Edgar Pedraza (Flogisto Rolando)", "Claudia Prezioso (Pablo)", "Samuel Sadovnik (Jonathan (voice))", "Stephany S\u00e1nchez (Casilda Cornelia)", "Pedro Cruz (Yonatan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**We make mistakes, but we learn something out of it, that's what school is for to teach us.**\r\n\r\nA little sweet animation from South America. The official entry from Uruguay for the best foreign language film at the 2014 Oscars, but did not make into the final. This is the story of a little school girl, Anina, followed by a fight she has got into, as a punishment she and the other girl gets each a sealed letter from the school principal to safeguard until the further notice. Through those days what she learns and how it comes to end leads to the final segment of the story.\r\n\r\nWell intended story, but a bit lacks the cheerfulness. I mean in some parts it falls short in development and keeps it dull mood. Especially in the early mid parts, but later on till the conclusion, it's got a better. Visually, its stunning on its own way, surely an impressive animation, but overall film was short as 80 minutes. Adapted from a children's novel and beautifully made.\r\n\r\nFor me, I think they should have been a bit careful. There's nothing problem in the story, sketches or in the pace, but the overall flow was not sparkling enough like those Hollywood counterparts. Other than those tiny stumbles, this is a fine animation, especially being a non North America, Europe and Japan product. Not a must see, but I don't find any strong reason to skip it, particularly for the animation fans.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [33657, 74982, 116265, 179376]}