{"tmdb_id": 180762, "title": "Gun Duel In Durango", "original_title": "Gun Duel In Durango", "slug_title": "gun-duel-in-durango", "date": "1957-05-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zGmSUbndQieln0gXUs8qY22oFda.jpg", "actors": ["George Montgomery (Dan Tomlinson (aka Will Sabre))", "Ann Robinson (Judy Ollivant)", "Steve Brodie (Jake Dunsten)", "Bobby Clark (Robbie)", "Frank Ferguson (Sheriff Howard)", "Don Barry (Larry)", "Denver Pyle (Ranger Captain)", "Mary Treen (Miss Henderson)", "Al Wyatt Sr. (Jones (as Al Wyatt))", "Boyd 'Red' Morgan (Burt (as Red Morgan))", "Joe Yrigoyen (Stacey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You are either with us or you are dead!\r\n\r\nGun Duel in Durango is directed by Sidney Salkow and written by Louis Stevens. It stars George Montgomery, Ann Robinson, Steve Brodie, Bobby Clark, Frank Ferguson, Don Barry, Henry Rowland and Denver Pyle. Music is by Paul Sawtell and Berts Shefter and cinematography by Maury Gertsman.\r\n\r\nStandard 50s Oater as per formulaic story, but it's spiritedly played and it's not without emotional hefts. Story has Montgomery as Will Sabre, who has had enough of the outlaw life and quits the gang that are titled in his name. Only the gang wont let him quit and he has 30 days to change his mind or else! Not good since under an alias he's landed a nice job in Durango, become a surrogate father to an orphan, and if he can stay straight he'll get the hand of his honey, Judy (Robinson).\r\n\r\nIt starts with a callous murder and from there we are in no doubt that the one time Sabre Gang, now the Dunsten (Brodie) Gang, are bad dudes and Will Sabre (alias Dan) has his hands full from a number of angles. It's the various active threads that keep the pic from falling into mediocre hell, with Montgomery finding believable chemistry with both Robinson and young Clark. Action scenes are well staged, the Simi Valley and Chatsworth locales are nicely present and Gertsman's crisp black and white photography is most pleasant. No surprises in store but this is above average and better than the plot would suggest. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}