{"tmdb_id": 18087, "title": "Pride and Prejudice", "original_title": "Pride and Prejudice", "slug_title": "pride-and-prejudice", "date": "2003-12-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance / Action / Aventure", "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3oAub2opFoDhepSoNW3Tlcmems7.jpg", "actors": ["Orlando Seale (Will Darcy)", "Kam Heskin (Elizabeth Bennet)", "Ben Gourley (Charles Bingley)", "Lucila Sol\u00e1 (Jane Vasquez)", "Henry Maguire (Jack Wickam)", "Kelly Stables (Lydia Meryton)", "Amber Hamilton Russo (Kitty Meriton)", "Rainy Kerwin (Mary Lamblen)", "Kara Holden (Caroline Bingley)", "Hubbel Palmer (William Collins)", "Honor Bliss (Anna Darcy)", "Carmen Rasmusen (Charlotte Lucas)", "Doug Chamberlain (Host)", "Daniel Shanthakumar (Bombay House Waiter)", "Ken Norris (Mr. Gardiner)", "Bob Nelson (Professor)", "Jared Hess (Reverend Steve Two-Trees Green)", "Maire Nelligan (Mrs. Green)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TrentTX", "content": "I am a big Austen fan, and I love her novel Pride and Prejudice so I like to check out all the movie adaptations.  This movie is very enjoyable especially if you are also an Austen fan.  Their adaptation is very creative and I appreciated the choices they made to update the story.  I don't know what the connection is to the Mormons but it does not detract from the movie.  I don't think the word Mormon is heard in the movie, and the church they visit could be any modern church.  Having religious characters does help the characters stay true to their Austen-era values.  Most of the fun of any P&P adaptation is seeing the characters and I think they are all very consistent to the characters in the book as far as their motivations and personalities.  The biggest disappointment is the lack of a Mr. & Mrs. Bennett but they were probably trying to stay in budget.  The character Lady Catherine is also missing with Caroline Bingley taking over some of that plot drama.  Overall, I can recommend this movie to fans of the book. I prefer the Keira Knightly version but this one is fun too."}], "recommandations_id": [10578, 18093]}