{"tmdb_id": 180951, "title": "Summer in February", "original_title": "Summer in February", "slug_title": "summer-in-february", "date": "2013-06-13", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire d'Alfred Munnings, un membre du groupe boh\u00e8me Lamorna Group au d\u00e9but du XXe si\u00e8cle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f0DEGfhf6z3tBfO3vwBcPKrnD2w.jpg", "actors": ["Dominic Cooper (AJ Munnings)", "Emily Browning (Florence Carter-Wood)", "Dan Stevens (Gilbert Evans)", "Hattie Morahan (Laura Knight)", "Mia Austen (Dolly)", "Shaun Dingwall (Harold Knight)", "Max Deacon (Joey Carter-Wood)", "Michael Maloney (Colonel Paynter)", "Nicholas Farrell (Mr. Carter-Wood)", "Tom Ward-Thomas (Frank)", "Joshua James (Bertie)", "Ollie Marsden (Walter)", "Roger Ashton-Griffiths (Jory)", "Camille O'Sullivan (Gypsy Woman)", "Richard Syms (Vicar)", "Richard de Lisle (Butler)", "Stuart Davidson (Horse Race Spectator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A true feeling or a genius, who would you choose among them to be your life partner!**\r\n\r\nBiographical films do their job depicting the real events, but the way they were transformed to the screen matter a lot, This one was decent as a film, but as a someone's real story I was impressed. I learn about the world and its famous people by watching films. I did not know this person, so thanks to the film. It centres on the three people as seen them on the poster, but mostly Florence's perspective that beautifully played by Emily Browning. She was introduced by her brother to his circle where she develops a true feeling for one and later decides to marry another for the different reason. The remaining film narrates her life falling apart and can she make it all right to the end.\r\n\r\nBeing a biopic is what its strength, but the story is another version of many films and the people around us. The cast was great, but Emily Browning was on the top of the show. Shot in beautiful places, and I loved the background score. These things make it worth a watch, but if you are interested in the art and artists, you might enjoy it well. If you decide to watch out of the interest, make sure you keep low expectation, especially for the final part. Because people are disappointed how it ended than what it revealed. In a biopic they can't change just to please the viewers, instead the viewers have to learn to accept the truth.\r\n\r\nMy issue was the filmmaking, I was not that impressed with that. It was adapted from a book of the same name, but the film narrated only a few years of the life of Florence. Especially around her romance and marriage life, prior to that events are not known. So that makes the story too familiar compared with the other films. It should have improved a bit with the additional details out of the original source. A small research would have helped them on that. Other than that this film was quite interesting with some unexpected development in the important portion. So it can be watched once, but you won't remember for a long.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [96314, 53103, 297621, 34128]}