{"tmdb_id": 18118, "title": "L'Or de MacKenna", "original_title": "Mackenna's Gold", "slug_title": "l-or-de-mackenna", "date": "1969-03-18", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Western", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un hors-la-loi, Colorado, kidnappe le sh\u00e9rif MacKenna, cens\u00e9 seul conna\u00eetre l'emplacement d'un gisement d'or appartenant aux Apaches. La nouvelle se r\u00e9pand et \u00e9veille les convoitises, et c'est bient\u00f4t une v\u00e9ritable petite troupe qui part \u00e0 la recherche de l'or l\u00e9gendaire. Mais l'entr\u00e9e en territoire indien leur r\u00e9serve bien des difficult\u00e9s...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sUpc1SxdbEdBOW5G75ACPulCnyf.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Marshal MacKenna)", "Omar Sharif (Colorado)", "Camilla Sparv (Inga Bergmann)", "Julie Newmar (Hesh-Ke)", "Telly Savalas (Sergeant Tibbs)", "Keenan Wynn (Sanchez)", "Ted Cassidy (Hachita)", "Lee J. Cobb (The Editor)", "Raymond Massey (The Preacher)", "Burgess Meredith (The Storekeeper)", "Anthony Quayle (Older Englishman)", "Edward G. Robinson (Old Adams)", "Eli Wallach (Ben Baker)", "Eduardo Ciannelli (Prairie Dog)", "Dick Peabody (Avila)", "Rudy Diaz (Besh)", "Robert Phillips (Monkey)", "Shelley Morrison (The Pima Squaw)", "Robert Porter (Young Englishman)", "David Garfield (Adams' Boy)", "Pepe Callahan (Laguna)", "Madeleine Taylor Holmes (Old Apache Woman)", "Duke Hobbie (Lieutenant)", "Victor Jory (The Narrator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "How to succeed by failing big?\r\n\r\nMackenna's Gold is directed by J. Lee Thompson and adapted for the screen by Carl Foreman from a novel of the same name written by Henry Wilson Allen (AKA: Heck Allen, Henry Allen & Will Henry!), which in turn is loosely based on the legend of the Lost Adams Diggings. It stars Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Camilla Sparv, Julie Newmar, Ted Cassidy & Telly Savalas. It's photographed by Joseph MacDonald in Technicolor and Super Panavision, with a music score by Quincy Jones. \r\n\r\nIt begins so well, the credits inform us that not only do we get Peck, Sharif and Newmar in lead roles, but that we also have in support a role call of quality thespians: Eli Wallach, Edward G. Robinson, Raymond Massey, Burgess Meredith, Lee J. Cobb, Keenan Wynn & Anthony Quayle. We are then treated to some gorgeous aerial photography of Monument Valley, a Vulture glides gracefully thru the air, and then, we hear the awful strains of \"Old Turkey Buzzard\" warbled like it belongs in a seventies porn movie by Jos\u00e9 Feliciano. It's there that the true marker for Mackenna's Gold is set. \r\n\r\nThe idea and source for the plot is safe, Lawman Mackenna (Peck) has the knowledge of where the legendary Canyon of Gold is. A fabled place awash with gold but guarded religiously by the Apache. With the map safely tucked away in his brain, Peck is quickly captured by blood thirsty Mexican bandit, Colorado (Sharif), and his companions, one of which (Newmar playing Indian Hesh-Ke) has past history with Mackenna. But that's not all, pretty soon Mackenna's party are joined by a whole host of other gold seekers, all seemingly gripped with Gold Fever. So in fighting and suspicion ensues, and with the Cavalry in pursuit of Colorado and the Apache still to come, this is as dangerous as it gets. If only the film wasn't so choppy and flat. \r\n\r\nThe film was originally a three hour epic, complete with intermission, but the budget probably all went on securing the cast and the producers don't seem able to deal with the task of making a big budget epic. Thus the film was cut to just over two hours; thank god for small mercies! Looking at the cast assembled it's obvious that this was a very ambitious project meant to keep the Western flag flying high and enthral the adventure seeking cinema goer. And you can see why such a quality cast signed on for the film, tho Peck was second choice after Clint Eastwood wisely chose to make Hang Em High instead. But what plays out is a series of clich\u00e9s and absurdities that makes one unintentionally laugh. The effects are awful, I mean OK we don't expect back screen work to be high class, but here, with the actors half heartedly pretending it's real, it belies the fine work of MacDonald for the exteriors. \r\n\r\nThe problems don't just stop with the effects, before we even get to the issues in the cast, there's Jones' dreadful score to try and ignore. It sounds like he thinks he's scoring a Keystone Cops Gold Rush type movie! Dimitri Tiomkin, along with Foreman, is on production duties (hmm), I'm sure he could have knocked up something better for this film in his sleep. Peck is actually OK, with that laconic way of his, he suits the tone of the narrative. Sharif is grossly miscast, while Sparv is simply woeful. Newmar raises the temperatures of audience and cast alike, which you sense was her only instruction, while the lauded support cast file in and out without time to impact on proceedings. All of which leads to a finale of ham, model work and predictability. Yet there's been just enough to make the undemanding stay to the end. We wonder if indeed there is a Canyon of Gold, and Peck is so likable we just want to see him win out and defy the baddies. \r\n\r\nDoes it succeed by failing big? Well it is fun, but coming as it does from the makers of the Guns of Navarone, you have to believe that the end product is not the sort of entertainment they originally set out to craft. 3.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Entertaining, but comic booky 1969 Western with a superlative cast***  \r\n\r\n\"MacKenna's Gold\" (1969) deals with the insanity of \u2018gold fever\u2019 and builds-up a good amount of anticipation concerning the secret gold canyon. Does it exist or doesn\u2019t it? Western expert Brian Garfield (author of \"Death Wish\") commented on \"MacKenna's Gold\" in his outstanding book \"Western Films\" thusly: \"it hasn't a single redeeming quality. It has got to be the most expensive star-studded two-hour \u2018B\u2019 movie ever made; a gargantuan dud of absolutely stunning dreadfulness.\"\r\n\r\nIt hasn't a SINGLE redeeming quality? Okay, let me list a smattering: Outstanding cast, including Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Ted Cassidy, Julie Newmar, Telly Savalas, Carmilla Sparv and many more, albeit mostly cameos; one of the greatest Western scores of all time by Quincy Jones, which ranks up there with \"How the West Was Won,\" \"Rio Lobo,\" \"Duel at Diablo,\" \"Bandolero!\" \"Bonanza,\" \"The Magnificent Seven\" and \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\" (to name a handful); a standout theme song, \"Old Turkey Buzzard,\" sung by Jose Feliciano, written by Jones; and magnificent locations (Utah, Arizona, Rogue River Oregon) & cinematography.\r\n\r\nPlus, although the story has an undeniable comic booky vibe (which explains why Garfield referred to it as a \"B\" movie), it is played out in a completely serious manner. And pretty much holds your attention while creating much anticipation regarding the legendary canyon.\r\n\r\nGregory Peck, who plays Marshal MacKenna, and Carmilla Sparv are definitely the \"good guys.\" The film was made at a time (the late 60s) when characters in Westerns tended to be unlikable or amoral (e.g. \"The Wild Bunch,\" \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\" and \"Macho Callahan\"), and this movie has its fill as well, but it's nice to have some quality protagonists.\r\n\r\nOmar Sharif plays the head Mexican bandit \"Colorado\" excellently. It's sort of an atypical role for him, but he performs with such gusto it seems he was born to play the part. Ted Cassidy, well-known as \"Lurch\" on TV's The Addam's Family, plays the intimidating, laconic Indian warrior Hachita. He superbly fits the character (regardless of whether or not he has AmerIndian blood running through his veins). Julie Newmar is likewise great as a CRAZY squaw. Red-blooded males will be interested to know that she has a nude swimming scene.\r\n\r\nQuincy Jones' opening score and the theme song \"Old Turkey Buzzard\" are so stirring (especially combined with the magnificent Southwest photography) that sometimes I'll just play the beginning of the film, which runs a full 6-8 minutes (!). I've heard some complain that \"Old Turkey Buzzard\" is corny. But, speaking as someone who\u2019s never been much of a fan of County/Western music, \"Old Turkey Buzzard\" is just a potent composition, regardless of the musical genre. It effectively comments on man's temporal nature and the insane & contagious condition of gold fever.\r\n\r\nWhile \"MacKenna's Gold\" certainly lacks the gritty realism of, say, the contemporaneous \"The Wild Bunch,\" it is indeed a serious film despite some undeniable cartoonish aspects. One could also probably nitpick about the not-quite-successful F/X miniature sequences, but that's not important; what is important is the film's entertainment value. At the end of the day \"MacKenna's Gold\" entertains.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 8 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [29715, 22383, 32068, 42500]}