{"tmdb_id": 18117, "title": "Dean Spanley", "original_title": "Dean Spanley", "slug_title": "dean-spanley", "date": "2008-12-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Set in Edwardian England where upper lips are always stiff and men from the Colonies are not entirely to be trusted, Fisk Senior has little time or affection for his son, but when the pair visit an eccentric Indian, they start a strange journey that eventually allows the old man to find his heart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s3iveGpDUsBhajMMJxiwBSR7XRB.jpg", "actors": ["Jeremy Northam (Narrator - Fisk Junior)", "Sam Neill (Dean Spanley)", "Bryan Brown (Wrather)", "Peter O'Toole (Fisk Senior)", "Judy Parfitt (Mr. Brimley)", "Art Malik (Swami Nala Prash)", "Ramon Tikaram (Nawab of Ranjiput)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sykobanana", "content": "This is one of those films that I recommend to everyone who love movies and great acting.   It was little seen upon its release which is a shame because it has some of the most sublime and subtle acting as well as a moving and at times hilarious screenplay.\r\n\r\nSet in Edwardian England, we meet Fisk senior, an elderly gentleman looked after by his son, Fisk Junior, and house keeper, Mrs Brimley.  Fisk senior has withdrawn from life and as a part of his son trying to keep him involved in society, they visit a talk on reincarnation where they briefly meet local clergyman, Dean Spanley.  Following a further chance meeting, Fisk junior decides that he would like to spend more time with the reclusive Spanley, but he can only do so if he can procure a bottle of Imperial Tokaji (formerly spelled Tokay in English).  \r\n\r\nAs I mentioned, the acting in this film is superb by all, Northam with his quiet frustration with his father as Fisk junior and Brown does his \u201cabrasive\u201d Australian.  But it is Sam Neil and Peter O'Toole who are the highlights \u2013 their acting, particularly during close ups, is at times incredible.  \r\n\r\nFull credit to Toa Fraser for bringing these performances out with his light-handed direction.  \r\n\r\nThe beginning of the film can be a bit slow but I believe that this was done on purpose as a reflection of Fisk senior's life...as we journey with him, the film opens up more.  \r\n\r\nI highly recommend this film, especially if you can try some Tokaji when you watch it.  \r\n\r\n9/10."}], "recommandations_id": [45675, 54494, 285844, 54803], "youtube_key": "6d91Ol7rui4"}