{"tmdb_id": 181283, "title": "Enfant 44", "original_title": "Child 44", "slug_title": "enfant-44", "date": "2015-03-15", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Hiver 1952, Moscou. Leo Demidov est un brillant agent de la police secr\u00e8te sovi\u00e9tique, promis \u00e0 un grand avenir au sein du Parti. Lorsque le corps d\u2019un enfant est retrouv\u00e9 sur une voie ferr\u00e9e, il est charg\u00e9 de classer l\u2019affaire. Il s\u2019agit d\u2019un accident, Staline ayant d\u00e9cr\u00e9t\u00e9 que le crime ne pouvait exister dans le parfait Etat communiste. Mais peu \u00e0 peu, le doute s\u2019installe dans l\u2019esprit de L\u00e9o et il d\u00e9couvre que d\u2019autres enfants ont \u00e9t\u00e9 victimes \u00ab d\u2019accidents \u00bb similaires. Tomb\u00e9 en disgr\u00e2ce, soup\u00e7onn\u00e9 de trahison, L\u00e9o est contraint \u00e0 l'exil avec sa femme, Ra\u00efssa. Prenant tous les risques, L\u00e9o et Ra\u00efssa vont se lancer dans la traque de ce tueur en s\u00e9rie invisible, qui fera d'eux des ennemis du peuple...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nzXwfnBcsmREzHlem6fkStN1RUH.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hardy (Leo Demidov)", "Gary Oldman (General Mikhail Nesterov)", "Noomi Rapace (Raisa Demidov)", "Fares Fares (Alexei Andreyev)", "Joel Kinnaman (Vasili)", "Paddy Considine (Vladimir Malevich)", "Jason Clarke (Anatoly Brodsky)", "Mark Lewis Jones (Tortoise)", "Vincent Cassel (Major Kuzmin)", "Nikolaj Lie Kaas (Ivan Sukov)", "Charles Dance (Major Grachev)", "Xavier Atkins (Young Leo Demidov)", "Karel Dobrey (Photographer)", "Agnieszka Grochowska (Nina Andreyeva)", "Petr Van\u011bk (Fyodor)", "Jana Strykov\u00e1 (Mara)", "Ursina Lardi (Zina Gubinova)", "Michael Nardone (Semyon Okun)", "Finbar Lynch (Doctor Boris Zarubin)", "Tara Fitzgerald (Inessa Nesterov)", "Josef Altin (Alexander)", "Sam Spruell (Doctor Tyapkin)", "Lorraine Ashbourne (Anna)", "Ned Dennehy (Coroner)", "Jemma O'Brien (Elena Okun)", "Lottie Steer (Tamara Okun)", "Barbora Luke\u0161ov\u00e1 (Semyon Okun's Wife)", "Zden\u011bk Ba\u0159inka (Jora Aleksevic Andreyev)", "Petra Lustigov\u00e1 (Zoya)", "Predrag Bjelac (Basurov)", "Samuel Buttery (Varlam)", "Ond\u0159ej Mal\u00fd (The Collector, Yury Abelman)", "Ivan G'Vera (Budenny)", "V\u00e1clav Jir\u00e1\u010dek (Stephan)", "Anssi Lindstr\u00f6m (Alexander Pickup)", "Ondrej Volejn\u00edk (Cyril)", "Sonny Ashbourne Serkis (Artur)", "Heather Craney (Galina Shaporina)", "Marie Jansov\u00e1 (Alicia)", "Ivan Shvedoff (Artur's Father)", "Romana Gosc\u00edkov\u00e1 (Artur's Mother)", "Igor Farbak (Dimitri)", "Martin Hub (Galina Shaporina's Husband)", "Krist\u00fdna Leichtov\u00e1 (Domestic Arts Teacher)", "Hana Frejkov\u00e1 (Alexei's Mother)", "Pavel \u0160im\u010d\u00edk (Tibor)", "Mark\u00e9ta Tanner (Volsk School Director, Larissa Anasova)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A war hero who turned a police officer struggles with his departmental feud.**\r\n\r\nIt is a strange title. In the narration as well it does not properly reveals, more like an approximate count of something. It is a Russian story, I mean the Russian characters and the locations. It begins after the world war two, in Moscow, a top police officer caught between the departmental politics and a case. After the his investigation ended without a result, the sacked officer gets a lifeline to begin again life in another town. But the trouble follows him when he started to investigate the children's deaths. The result of the case brings the end to the tale with a tiny small twist.\r\n\r\nThe actors were decent, not very impressive. Especially I understand since it was internationally produced, they preferred English language, but I would have liked it in the original language to get best appeal. It was too long film, the first half was very boring. Because it was most unrelated to what comes in the later part of the film. When the narration shifts its base out of the Moscow, that's where it really gets very interesting. So after first 60 minutes, the real story begins.\r\n\r\nThis where the actors got better. Noomi Rapace and Tom Hardy, both were like the kicked off with full of energy. So the second half of the film makes it watchable. Directed by a 'Easy Money' filmmaker who also brought in his Swedish actors to play the smaller roles. It was not good as I expected, but ended well. I don't think it is worth a watch, but who knows what you like. So I neither recommend nor reject it. But it was an average film to me.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [154400, 266396, 256917, 245916], "youtube_key": "Uia6y9SRsj4"}