{"tmdb_id": 181249, "title": "Sex Wars", "original_title": "Sex Wars", "slug_title": "sex-wars", "date": "1985-03-28", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Sex Wars, an erotic space odyssey, is the first adult film with major studio sci-fi plus lots of hot, hungry flesh! It received the Best Adult Film of the Year award Princess Layme is just landing on Pluto, in search of a crew to man her spacecraft... for a most dangerous journey, past the solar system, to the far reaches of the galaxy... to the planet Tryos. She finds Brinker Duo and Mark Starkiller and bribes them with money, sex, booze and sex. Baltazar, the evil ruler of Tryos, has populated his planet with sex-slaves, including Princess Orgasma--Princess Layme's sister. The attempted rescue ends in the capture of Brinker, Mark and Princess Layme. What follows are some of the most erotic scenes ever filmed. An erogenous space odyssey. This is probably the most expensive science fiction porno film that had ever been made and also the best acted one!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hZ0PbTsnuGMrjArVtXrPkpkHfEk.jpg", "actors": ["Laurie Smith (Princess Orgasma / Blue Dancer)", "Paul Thomas (Brinker Duo)", "Robin Cannes (Princess Layme)", "Richard Pacheco (Mark Starkiller)", "Gail Sterling (Honey Puss/Torture Room Attendant #1)", "Billy Dee (Commander Jupiter Jones)", "Mike Horner (Capt. Zappo)", "D.J. Cone (Gold Dancer (as De Ja Vou))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}