{"tmdb_id": 18129, "title": "Les arnaqueurs", "original_title": "The Grifters", "slug_title": "les-arnaqueurs", "date": "1990-10-10", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Roy, escroc \u00e0 la petite semaine, est tiraill\u00e9 entre Lilly, m\u00e8re possessive, et Myra, sa petite amie, qui ne supporte pas leurs rapports incestueux. Myra d\u00e9cide de rompre leurs liens. Son geste aura des cons\u00e9quences tragiques et inattendues.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nSa3zFhXO7etrXFAAVlAI7g6mjU.jpg", "actors": ["Anjelica Huston (Lilly Dillon)", "John Cusack (Roy Dillon)", "Annette Bening (Myra Langtry)", "Jan Munroe (Guy in bar)", "Stephen Tobolowsky (Jeweler)", "Jimmy Noonan (Bartender)", "Richard Holden (Cop)", "Henry Jones (Sims)", "Robert Weems (Racetrack Announcer)", "Michael Laskin (Irv)", "Eddie Jones (Mintz)", "Sandy Baron (Doctor)", "Lou Hancock (Nurse)", "Gailard Sartain (Joe)", "Noelle Harling (Nurse Carol Flynn)", "Ivette Soler (Maid)", "Pat Hingle (Bobo Justus)", "Paul Adelstein (Sailor - Young Paul)", "Jeremy Piven (Sailor - Freshman)", "Gregory Sporleder (Sailor - Spooney)", "David Sinaiko (Sailor - Stinky)", "Jeff Perry (Drunk)", "Jon Gries (Drunk's Friend)", "Charles Napier (Gloucester Hebbing)", "J.T. Walsh (Cole)", "Teresa Gilmore (Receptionist 1)", "Elizabeth Ann Feeley (Receptionist 2)", "Billy Ray Sharkey (FBI man)", "Frances Bay (Arizona Motel Clerk)", "Xander Berkeley (Lt. Pierson)", "Micole Mercurio (Waitress)", "Martin Scorsese (Opening voice-over (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "My son is going to be all right. If not, I'll have you killed.\r\n\r\nThe Grifters is directed by Stephen Frears and adapted to screenplay by Donald E. Westlake from the novel of the same name written by Jim Thompson. It stars Anjelica Huston, John Cusack and Annette Bening. Music is by Elmer Bernstein and cinematography by Oliver Stapleton.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe best reason I can think of is that you scare the hell out of me. I have seen women like you before, baby. You're double-tough and you are sharp as a razor, and you get what you want or else; but you don't make it work forever. Sooner or later the lightning hits, and I'm not gonna be around when it hits you\u201d\r\n\r\n1990 was a grand year for neo-noir, of the dozen + titles that came out that year, The Grifters sits atop of the pile. A superlative film noir that boasts class on the page and on both sides of the camera. Set in modern day Los Angeles, the story follows three cynical and sly con artists through a psychological fog of bluff, double bluff, pain, misery, manipulations and shattering developments. That the trio consists of a boyfriend, girlfriend and an estranged mother only darkens the seamy waters still further.\r\n\r\nLos Angeles positively bristles with a smouldering atmosphere thanks to the work of Frears, Bernstein and Stapleton. Sexual tension is ripe, Westlake\u2019s adaptation doing justice to Thompson\u2019s novel, while the three leads \u2013 and Pat Hingle in super support \u2013 are on fire, bringing complex characters vividly to life as they trawl through the devilishly labyrinthine plot, adding biting humour and shallow savagery into the bargain.\r\n\r\nA top draw neo-noir that doesn\u2019t cut corners or pull its punches, from the split screen opening salvo to the pitch black finale, The Grifters delivers high quality for neo-noir fans. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9434, 10388, 10729, 1552]}