{"tmdb_id": 18146, "title": "La Mission secr\u00e8te du sous-marin X-16", "original_title": "Up Periscope", "slug_title": "la-mission-secrete-du-sous-marin-x-16", "date": "1959-03-04", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Le lieutenant Braden est charg\u00e9 d'une mission exceptionnelle: un sous-marin le d\u00e9barquera \u00e0 proximit\u00e9 d'une \u00eele occup\u00e9e par les Nipons. Une fois, \u00e0 terre, il devra d\u00e9couvrir le code japonais, le photographier et regagner le sous-marin X-16 qui ne peut l'attendre que dix-huit heures.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wMZLTGuWcyzKHp8DlQxRDrS2pFl.jpg", "actors": ["James Garner (Lt. j.g. Kenneth M. Braden)", "Edmond O'Brien (Commander Paul Stevenson)", "Andra Martin (Sally Johnson)", "Alan Hale Jr. (Lt. Pat Malone)", "Edd Byrnes (Pharmacist Mate Ash)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Up Periscope and Down Tools.\r\n\r\nTricky. It's a decent film, lovely to look at with its scope photography and technicolor palettes, James Garner and Edmond O'Brien are holding court in the acting stakes, and of course this being a submarine war film it has the requisite claustrophobic feel. Yet it never really gels as a whole, submerging too far into the mundane to play out a whole bunch of sequences that test the patience of the viewer. There's also the not too small problem of being able to suspend disbelief with the final mission.\r\n\r\nNow this is Hollywood and a Warner Brothers film, in 1959, so we don't naturally expect realism in our story telling, in fact we often want incredulity to stir the blood, but this kinda takes the rise too far. Alan Hale Junior is on hand for comic relief, and this proves good foil for Garner's lovable charm, but Gordon Douglas directs at such a snails pace you get the feeling that the comedy is just a merciful release for all involved. In short there's both the good and bad of 1950s war film making on show here; production value is high - narrative thrust is tepid. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [195435, 18200, 70259, 26972], "youtube_key": "vWF4ZTBZHoA"}