{"tmdb_id": 181533, "title": "La Nuit au mus\u00e9e : Le secret des Pharaons", "original_title": "Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb", "slug_title": "la-nuit-au-musee-le-secret-des-pharaons", "date": "2014-12-17", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Familial"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Ben Stiller r\u00e9endosse le r\u00f4le de Larry, le gardien de mus\u00e9e le plus survolt\u00e9, dans le dernier volet de la saga La Nuit au Mus\u00e9e. Il quitte New York pour Londres o\u00f9 il va vivre sa plus grande aventure. Accompagn\u00e9 de ses amis le Pr\u00e9sident Roosevelt, Attila, le Romain Octavius, Jedediah et le pharaon Ahkmenrah, ainsi que de nouveaux personnages d\u00e9lirants, il va tenter de sauver la magie avant qu\u2019elle ne disparaisse \u00e0 tout jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tWwASv4CU1Au1IukacdSUewDCV3.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Stiller (Larry Daley)", "Rami Malek (Ahkmenrah)", "Rebel Wilson (Tilly)", "Robin Williams (Theodore Roosevelt)", "Owen Wilson (Jedediah Smith)", "Dick Van Dyke (Cecil)", "Rachael Harris (Madeline Phelps)", "Ben Kingsley (Merenkahre)", "Ricky Gervais (Dr. McPhee)", "Mickey Rooney (Gus)", "Dan Stevens (Sir Lancelot)", "Skyler Gisondo (Nick Daley)", "Mizuo Peck (Sacajawea)", "Bill Cobbs (Reginald)", "Brennan Elliott (Robert Fredericks)", "Steve Coogan (Octavius)", "Patrick Gallagher (Attila the Hun)", "Andrea Martin (Rose (Archivist))", "Alice Eve (Herself)", "Hugh Jackman (Himself)", "Crystal the Monkey (Dexter)", "Anjali Jay (Shepseheret)", "Brad Garrett (Easter Island Head (voice))", "Regina Taufen (New York Reporter (voice))", "Matt Frewer (Archibald Stanley)", "Percy Hynes White (C.J. Fredericks)", "Kerry van der Griend (Neanderthal #1)", "Matthew Harrison (Neanderthal #2)", "Jody Racicot (Neanderthal #3)", "Randy Lee (Hun #1)", "Darryl Quon (Hun #2)", "Paul Chih-Ping Cheng (Hun #3)", "Matty Finochio (Roman Sentry)", "Patrick Sabongui (Amir)", "Amir M. Korangy (1938 Egyptian Worker)", "Louriza Tronco (Andrea (Nick's Party))", "Sophie Levy (Sophie (Nick's Party))", "Jin Sangha (Egyptian High Priest)", "James Neate (Augustus Statue)", "Greg LaSalle (Augustus Caesar (uncredited))", "Joey Naber (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Rajia Baroudi (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Kirk Baily (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Ashley Peldon (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Edita Brychta (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Jacqueline Pinol (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Robert Clotworthy (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Neil Dickson (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Moira Quirk (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Robin Atkin Downes (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Jean Gilpin (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Alan Shearman (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Jackie Gonneau (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Nicholas Guest (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Bridget Hoffman (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Scott Whyte (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Peter Lavin (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Matthew Wolf (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Lynnanne Zager (ADR Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "So the final movie in the trilogy. That's what I'm hoping for. Because when the first movie came I thought it was a nice idea and then its sequel was so bad without any further innovative ideas to add up. I was not expecting the third movie, but it made its way and I give it a try only to get disappointed.\r\n\r\nBen Stiller is a fine actor and a great director, this trilogy was just a passing cloud in his career, other I would have blamed him for accepting the offer. As we know its a multi star movie, in that I am very happy to see Robin Williams one final time. What a great actor, lucky we had him in our time. The funny thing is I am confused for Rebel Wilson as Melissa McCarthy, but soon after realised.\r\n\r\nThe rest of the cast, Wilson, Coogan, Kingsley and other were what to say, their existence were in individual narrow thin lane in a weak story. Badly needed a fresh plot in the well known concept from the last two movies, and it did not give us. Hope the reboot would be very creative in the each three. May be it should set in the Hollywood studios like Marvel, Disney et cetera. Because, as I am a movie fanatic, love to see some of my favourite characters like Gandalf the gray, Joker et cetera, as well as beasts like Godzilla, King Kong et cetera come alive at night. It would be so awesome. Anyway, this movie was just okay for a certain reason. Don't expect high, because it won't serve you.\r\n\r\n5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Alba11_Rose27", "content": "Is very very funny!!! I like the movie..."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Night at the Museum: The Closure.\r\n\r\nPart 3 - and expected last instalment - of the poplar NATM series pitches Larry Daley (Ben Stiller) on a mission to save the magic stone that brings his exhibit friends to life. So off he goes to London where new characters and new exhibit creatures join the frothy frolics.\r\n\r\nIn truth it's all very predictable and plays exactly like the money maker it is, but as with the other two films prior to this one, it has bundles of joy for the kiddies, whilst inserting some dark patches and edgy gags for the benefit of the adults. There's fun cameos, one of which is a joyous belter, and all the returning cast members are joined by an ebullient Dan Stevens as Sir Lancelot.\r\n\r\nFor a series closer it could have disgraced itself, but with some neat injection of ideas and decent story telling, it winds up as above average. The caveat, though, is that at the same time it convinces that the franchise has very much run its course. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18360, 1593, 270946, 10527], "youtube_key": "Hr1fFMp0MqU"}