{"tmdb_id": 18158, "title": "Les soucoupes volantes attaquent", "original_title": "Earth vs. the Flying Saucers", "slug_title": "les-soucoupes-volantes-attaquent", "date": "1956-07-04", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Pendant les ann\u00e9es 50 les apparitions d'objets volants non identif\u00e9s se multiplient \u00e0 travers le monde. Un jour, alors qu'ils circulent en voiture pour se rendre \u00e0 la base ou ils travaillent sur un projet de lancement de fus\u00e9es d'observation, le docteur Russel A.Marvin et sa jeune \u00e9pouse Carol sont survol\u00e9s \u00e0 leur tour par une soucoupe volante qui finit par dispara\u00eetre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qCOLglZvQgQAyWMCZodBo3wmgqp.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Marlowe (Dr. Russell A. Marvin)", "Joan Taylor (Carol Marvin)", "Donald Curtis (Maj. Huglin, Liason Officer)", "Thomas Browne Henry (Vice Adm. Enright)", "Morris Ankrum (Brig. Gen. John Hanley)", "Grandon Rhodes (Gen. Edmunds)", "John Zaremba (Prof. Kanter)", "Larry J. Blake (Motorcycle cop)", "Paul Frees (Alien (voice))", "Forbes Murray (Military Officer at Experiment)", "Bert Stevens (Air Intelligence Command Officer)", "Arthur Tovey (Officer/Civilian at Military Conference)", "Frank Wilcox (Alfred Cassidy)", "Sydney Mason (Frank the garage man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Restrained but still an effective piece of sci-fi pie.\r\n\r\nReports of flying saucers start coming in thick and fast until sure enough alien invaders begin to attack the Earth. Focal point of their attack is the U.S. Space Programe, can hero in waiting Russel Marvin conjure up a defence weapon to save the day?\r\n\r\nObviously a template for many an alien invader film since its release, Earth Vs The Flying Saucers never quite reaches the heights that perhaps it should have. Bogged down by maudlin scripting and restricted by its budget, it often hints at what a great picture it could have been. The lead cast are poor and this hurts the film even more, Hugh Marlowe as Russell Marvin bores us with the scientific speak when really he should be fascinating us, whilst scream queen duties fall to poor Joan Greenwood who forgets that she is actually supposed to emit some sort of terror when the alien hordes attack! However, on the plus side the aliens themselves are certainly creepy enough to grab your notice, Ray Harryhausen's flying saucers animation is of course top dollar for its time, whilst the final battle across Washington DC is classic gold, an all buzzing assault with splurges of death rays at every turn.\r\n\r\nAn important film in the pantheon of the genre for sure, but it's just a tad too restrained for its own good. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [831, 36089, 41020, 41516], "youtube_key": "2o4fdX8gUMY"}