{"tmdb_id": 182534, "title": "Meant to Be", "original_title": "Meant to Be", "slug_title": "meant-to-be", "date": "2012-12-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "When 20-year old Nathan loses his career and his girlfriend, he questions his purpose in life. Compounding his struggle, Nathan grew up in a foster home and never met his birth mother. He sets out on a quest to find his mother and somehow come to terms with her rejection of him. His journey begins by flying to the city where he was born. Upon his arrival, Nathan checks into a hotel and meets Mave the hotel's housekeeper. Encouraged by Mave's wisdom and the help of hotel guest Shelly, Nathan finds the address of his mother, Linda. Linda is a social worker who agonizes over the decision she made with Nathan 20 years ago. In an effort to admonish the guilt of giving up her son, Linda is caught up in the life of a teenage mother-to-be, Tori, who is conflicted by the decision to abort her baby. When Nathan gathers the courage to meet his mother, he uncovers a terrible secret that totally redefines what was meant to be for his life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/if7hc1uZDS0Bpv2NOxwskaeRWAi.jpg", "actors": ["Bradley Dorsey (Nathan)", "Erika Eleniak (Linda Dickson)", "Erin Sossamon (Tori)", "Della Reese (Mave)", "Michael Gross (Mr. Trantham)", "Kristen Renton (Shelly)", "Colleen Foy (Becky)", "Leticia Robles (Flight Attendant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}