{"tmdb_id": 182560, "title": "Dark places", "original_title": "Dark Places", "slug_title": "dark-places", "date": "2015-03-31", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "1985, Libby Day a huit ans lorsqu\u2019elle assiste au meurtre de sa m\u00e8re et de ses s\u0153urs dans la ferme familiale. Son t\u00e9moignage accablant d\u00e9signe son fr\u00e8re Ben, alors \u00e2g\u00e9 de seize ans, comme le meurtrier. 30 ans plus tard, un groupe d\u2019enqu\u00eateurs amateurs appel\u00e9 le Kill Club convainc Libby de se replonger dans le souvenir de cette nuit cauchemardesque. De nouvelles v\u00e9rit\u00e9s vont \u00e9merger, remettant en cause son t\u00e9moignage cl\u00e9 dans la condamnation de son fr\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1z7Bxnxi1lgO0ksc6peI4UssEPf.jpg", "actors": ["Charlize Theron (Libby Day)", "Nicholas Hoult (Lyle Wirth)", "Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Young Diondra Wertzner)", "Christina Hendricks (Patty Day)", "Tye Sheridan (Young Ben Day)", "Corey Stoll (Ben Day)", "Andrea Roth (Diondra Wertzner)", "Sterling Jerins (Young Libby Day)", "Shannon Kook (Young Trey Teepano)", "Drea de Matteo (Krissi Cates)", "Sean Bridgers (Runner Day)", "J. Larose (Trey Teepano)", "Jennifer Pierce Mathus (Diane)", "Denise Williamson (Crystal)", "Natalie Precht (Michelle Day)", "Madison McGuire (Debby Day)", "Addy Miller (Young Krissi Cates)", "Jeff Chase (Calvin Diehl)", "Laura Cayouette (Krissi Cates' Mother)", "Richard Gunn (Lou Cates)", "Glenn Morshower (Jim Jeffreys)", "Lori Z. Cordova (Magda)", "Michael Crabtree (Joseph)", "John F. Daniel (Bob Berdella)", "Steve Shearer (Bert Nolan)", "Dan Hewitt Owens (Robert)", "Gillian Flynn (Kill Club Goer)", "Tyler Forrest (Warehouse Guitarist)", "Dora Madison (Warehouse Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When the truth and the consciousness of the world failed to work together.\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the same name, a story about a dreadful massacre in the rural America where a young girl lived to testify against her own brother and then she never recovered from it. So many years later, the case takes a new twist when some young crime solving enthusiastic shows interest in it and that's where the rest of the narration takes its direction.\r\n\r\nThe suspense was the highlight, though, feels like not a complicated puzzle. Brilliant writing for sure. You know, from a novel to screen is not an easy task. Sometimes book fans and sometimes film fanatics will be disappointed, but this was a good film. In my opinion, it was an underrated film. Some people are disappointed, because mainly their anticipation was too high.\r\n\r\nIt was the tall South African beauty, Charlize Theron's show. However the others came into the play when the narration was in the flashback. Since the film 'The Hunt', it is really scaring to see the little kids as the prime witness in a major trial. Because of their lack of the consciousness of the world, the truth struggles. This film was kind of similar, but only the final act resolves everything. Until then, as a viewer it is about trying to link all the possibilities. Surely a fine film for the one watch.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157845, 244761, 181283, 328425], "youtube_key": "SpG5dWV7piw"}