{"tmdb_id": 18262, "title": "Le Fauve en libert\u00e9", "original_title": "Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye", "slug_title": "le-fauve-en-liberte", "date": "1950-08-19", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9tenu dans une ferme p\u00e9nitentiaire, le gangster Ralph Cotter (James Cagney) organise avec Carleton (Neville Brand) leurs \u00e9vasions, et ce avec la complicit\u00e9 de la s\u0153ur de Carleton, Holiday (Barbara Payton) et d'un autre malfrat, Jinx (Steve Brodie), qui a emprunt\u00e9 une voiture \u00e0 Manson (Rhys Williams), un garagiste.Pendant l'\u00e9vasion, Cotter tue Carleton. Il force Holiday et Jinx \u00e0 participer au braquage d'un supermarch\u00e9 puis malm\u00e8ne Mason lors du retour de la voiture. Ce dernier le d\u00e9nonce \u00e0 la police. Au lieu de l'arr\u00eater, l'inspecteur Weber (Ward Bond) et le lieutenant Reece (Barton MacLane) lui vole le butin de son braquage. Cotter imagine alors un moyen de se venger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uyAuCMBRGenkksmKD4rGhVGpTxX.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (Ralph Cotter)", "Barbara Payton (Holiday Carleton)", "Helena Carter (Margaret Dobson)", "Ward Bond (Inspector Charles Weber)", "Luther Adler (Keith 'Cherokee' Mandon)", "Barton MacLane (Lieutenant John Reece)", "Steve Brodie (Joe 'Jinx' Raynor)", "Rhys Williams (Vic Mason)", "Herbert Heyes (Ezra Dobson)", "John Litel (Police Chief Sam Tolgate)", "William Frawley (Byers)", "Robert Karnes (Detective Tom Gray)", "Kenneth Tobey (Detective Tobey)", "Dan Riss (District Attorney)", "Frank Reicher (Darius 'Doc' Green)", "John Halloran (Peter Cobbett)", "Mark Strong (Bailiff (uncredited))", "Neville Brand (Carleton (uncredited))", "Frank Wilcox (Doctor (uncredited))", "Dan Ferniel (Highness (uncredited))", "George Spaulding (Judge George Spaulding (uncredited))", "Ann Tyrrell (Miss Staines (uncredited))", "Mack Williams (Mr. Hartford (uncredited))", "William Cagney (Ralph's Brother (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oh no, he stopped being smart when he took my money.  \r\n\r\nKiss Tomorrow Goodbye is directed by Gordon Douglas and adapted to screenplay by Harry Brown from the novel by Horace McCoy. It stars James Cagney, Barbara Payton, Helena Carter, Ward Bond, Luther Adler and Steve Brodie. Music is by Carmen Dragon and photography by J. Peverell Marley. \r\n\r\nRalph Cotter (Cagney), career criminal, escapes from prison and crudely murders his partner during the escape. Hooking up with Holiday Carleton (Payton), the oblivious sister of the slain partner, Cotter quickly gets back into a life of crime and violence. But will his evil deed stay a secret? How long can he keep the corrupt coppers under wraps? And is his \"other\" romantic relationship with Margaret Dobson (Carter) doomed to failure? \u0085\u0085\r\n\r\nKiss Tomorrow Goodbye, it seems to have been lost in the slipstream of White Heat that was released the previous year. An undoubted classic of the gangster/crime genre, and featuring one of Cagney's greatest acting performances, White Heat has unsurprisingly dwarfed many a poor genre entry. However, while it doesn't equal the searing ferocity of White Heat, both in tone and character performance by Cagney, Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye is a seriously hard movie. Energetic from the off, film is often brutal and cynical and awash with potently memorable scenes, with some deemed as being too much, resulting in the film being banned from theatres in Ohio! \r\n\r\nFemale or a cripple, it matters not to the menacing force of nature that is Ralph Cotter. \r\n\r\nGordon Douglas was a multi genre director, unfussy and able to keep things taut, he gets some super performances from the cast while never letting the pace drag. Cagney is a given, give him this sort of character and let him run with it, in fact it is arguably a detriment to the film as a whole, that it can't match Cagney's blood and thunder show? But Bond (big bad corrupt copper), Brodie (Cotter side-kick) and Adler (shifty lawyer) do shine through with imposing turns. \r\n\r\nOf much interest is the dual lady characters in Cotter's life. Both very different from each other, this gives the film a double whammy of femme fatales in waiting. Payton takes the honours, in what is the best written part in the film. Her Holiday Carleton is a good girl drawn in to a murky life by a bad man, while Carter as bored rich girl Margaret Dobson is the polar opposite, she likes fast cars and dangerous men, allowing the actress to deftly sidle in with impact in the smaller role. \r\n\r\nPhotography isn't out of the ordinary, and the music is standard boom and bluster for a crime picture. But this is about Cagney's performance and the grim thematics contained within, and much like Ralph Cotter, it doesn't pull its punches. Finally sealing the deal with an ending that firmly pulls the movie into the film noir universe. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43191, 47312, 42669, 34147], "youtube_key": "I1EVMx-p-_g"}