{"tmdb_id": 18274, "title": "Frogs", "original_title": "Frogs", "slug_title": "frogs", "date": "1972-03-10", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Des crapauds tueurs se mettent \u00e0 envahir la ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dHpMAHx10cNYChdNdJ7ZFpzyE1x.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Jason Crockett)", "Sam Elliott (Pickett Smith)", "Joan Van Ark (Karen Crockett)", "Adam Roarke (Clint Crockett)", "Judy Pace (Bella Garrington)", "Lynn Borden (Jenny Crockett)", "Mae Mercer (Maybelle)", "David Gilliam (Michael Martindale)", "Nicholas Cortland (Kenneth Martindale)", "George Skaff (Stuart Martindale)", "Lance Taylor Sr. (Charles)", "Hollis Irving (Iris Martindale)", "Dale Willingham (Tina Crockett)", "Hal Hodges (Jay Crockett)", "Carolyn Fitzsimmons (Lady in Car)", "Robert Sanders (Young Boy in Car)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Lazy pre-\"Jaws\" nature-nuns-amok flick  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1972 and directed by George McCowan, \"Frogs\" chronicles events when myriad swamp creatures (frogs, snakes, alligators, lizards, scorpions, tarantulas, crabs, etc.) vengefully attack a crotchety old man's Southern mansion in the swamp. Apparently, they\u2019re hopping mad about the toxic chemicals used to exterminate them, not to mention pollutants in general. The film stars Ray Milland as the old grump, a mustache-less Sam Elliott and a young Joan Van Ark.\r\n\r\n\"Frogs\" predates \"Jaws\" (1975) by a few years. The creators were obviously going for a swamp version of the basic \"The Birds\" (1963) plot. The difference is that \"The Birds\" is a first-rate flick whereas \"Frogs\" is second rate, which isn\u2019t to say that it\u2019s unprofessional or that there aren\u2019t points of interest. Any fan of nature-runs-amok flicks should find something to like. The film gives you what you pay for: Real swamp locations with real swamp creatures horrifyingly attacking and killing people, not to mention a grand antebellum mansion and grounds.\r\n\r\nThe best thing is that the story is taken seriously. There's no silliness or camp to be seen as in, say, \"Lake Placid\" (1999) or \"Crocodile\" (2000). Another highlight is Joan Van Ark who\u2019s quite fetching at 28 during shooting. Lynn Borden and Judy Pace are also worth mentioning in the feminine department. On the other side of the gender spectrum, there\u2019s Elliott, who\u2019s excellent as the low-key macho protagonist, as well as Adam Roarke and David Gilliam, amongst others.\r\n\r\nThe main problem with \u201cFrogs\u201d is that there isn't any suspense; the tone is curiously lazy. But if you're a fan of creatures-on-the-loose films or any of the cast members then you'll probably find something to appreciate. It has more originality than the many post-\"Jaws\" flicks and there are indeed a few horrifying parts. Just don't expect a Class A film like \"The Birds\" or much suspense and you won't be disappointed.\r\n\r\nFor any who complain that the name of the film is inaccurate in light of the fact that there are various bog creatures attacking the people, not just frogs, think about it like this: The frogs are like little Napol\u00e9ons sending their soldiers into the fray. \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 90 minutes and was shot entirely at Eden Gardens State Park, Florida, which is located on the panhandle 20 miles west of Panama City. WRITERS: Robert Hutchison and Robert Blees.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [27495, 28650, 25241, 28752]}