{"tmdb_id": 183005, "title": "The 400 Million", "original_title": "The 400 Million", "slug_title": "the-400-million", "date": "1939-03-07", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "The 400 million people of China are heirs to a great civilization, as their pagodas and stone lions can attest. But they are under attack from the Japanese. Civilian refugees walk, stumble, crawl to escape the destruction of their cities... While in the China of tradition, water buffalo still work the paddies and camels cross the desert, modern China is now a republic founded by Dr. Sun Yat-sen, with modern schools, heavy industry, large engineering projects... The government of Chiang Kai-shek resists the Japanese invasion from the coast. Madame Chiang receives a cheque from the U.S.A. for war relief. War production continues in distant villages safe from the grasp of the Japanese. With modern weapons the Chinese are pursuing their struggle behind enemy lines. And still their opponent persists in his reprisal bombings of civilian targets. \"Will these people win?\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1sdgRfoj9R3ypGSvEUSRX2JEzjL.jpg", "actors": ["Fredric March (Narration (voice))", "Morris Carnovsky (Additional Voice (voice))", "Sidney Lumet (Additional Voice (voice))", "Robert Q. Lewis (Additional Voice (voice))", "Alfred Ryder (Additional Voice (voice))", "Adelaide Bean (Additional Voice (voice))", "Lai Sek (Himself (archive footage))", "Madame Chiang (Herself (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [126783, 183718, 215160, 315647], "youtube_key": "notfound"}