{"tmdb_id": 183487, "title": "Brain Fucking Bitch", "original_title": "Brain Fucking Bitch", "slug_title": "brain-fucking-bitch", "date": "2007-05-17", "genre": [""], "score": "9.5/10", "synopsis": "Tears!  Saliva!  Cum!  Gushers out of her beautiful body!  As the pussy is being shaken like the earthquake of pleasure.  By the power of dildo, she begins to squirt.  This is the movie you always want to see.  Just right now it landed in the U.S. uncut, unedited and uncensored.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/avyrfPS1QEM2PCeT63BrudTuBny.jpg", "actors": ["Moe Ohishi (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "magnumdoomguy", "content": "Well now, this is different. The first ten minutes concerns the set up with the real fun starting at about the 13:15 mark. Here we find Moe wearing a white bikini on a reclining chair. The guys begin to enter the scene and over the course of the feature they repeatedly caress her body and private parts with their fingers and many different toys in this cum filled squirt-fest. She wants and desires all this attention which often leaves her in a helpless quivering heap before they move on and begin again.\r\n\r\nIn some memorable moments they have six bulbous vibrators on her crotch; they use a \u2018Y\u2019 shaped vibrator with tiny little hands to massages her nipples; and they use power tools, real ones! Drills and a jug-saw with dildos attached for example. Lots squirting finger fucking fun. It all ends when the guys get their turn in giving her a cream pie in some of the only scenes which does not include any toys.\r\n\r\nMoe Ohishi\u2019s performance and Takayuki\u2019s direction, when combined with the striking cinematography, make this one great Porno Performance Art Piece. It appeals to the voyeur inside of me. She is not at all shy in showing off her body and what they are doing to create all this abundant squirting action. Importantly, to me at least, there is nothing malicious or forced in any of their actions together. If you\u2019re looking for something a little different then I highly recommend you give this a look. This is a good one!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}