{"tmdb_id": 1834, "title": "Adieu ma belle", "original_title": "Murder, My Sweet", "slug_title": "adieu-ma-belle", "date": "1944-12-09", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans un poste de police de Los Angeles, des inspecteurs questionnent s\u00e9v\u00e8rement le d\u00e9tective Philip Marlowe, accus\u00e9 de plusieurs meurtres. Celui-ci raconte alors les faits qui l'ont entra\u00een\u00e9 dans bien des probl\u00e8mes depuis le jour o\u00f9 il a accept\u00e9 de recherch\u00e9 une jeune fille nomm\u00e9e Velma, pour le compte d'un ex-bagnard, \"Moose\" Malloy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7zWUcJejShfLvj9CsfvtSUJuINB.jpg", "actors": ["Dick Powell (Philip Marlowe)", "Claire Trevor (Helen Grayle / Velma Valento)", "Anne Shirley (Ann Grayle)", "Mike Mazurki (Moose Malloy)", "Miles Mander (Mr. Grayle)", "Otto Kruger (Jules Amthor)", "Douglas Walton (Lindsay Marriott)", "Donald Douglas (Police Lt. Randall)", "Esther Howard (Jesse Florian)", "Ralf Harolde (Dr. Sonderborg)", "Paul Phillips (Detective Nulty)", "Ernie Adams (Bartender at Florian's)", "Jack Carr (Dr. Sonderborg's Assistant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The dark pit opened up and I dived right in!\r\n\r\nWell well, here we have a noir film that really has to be one of the most divisive in the genre, it would seem that some feel it's closer in texture to what Raymond Chandler wrote, and that the portrayal of Phillip Marlowe by Dick Powell is spot on in its execution.\r\n\r\nMany others disagree completely though...\r\n\r\nNow since I haven't read any of the novels Chandler wrote I have no frame of reference there, but having watched The Big Sleep this past week I feel the push me pull you polar opposite feelings this film creates.\r\n\r\nPhillip Marlowe (Dick Powell) is a gruff wise cracking private eye, he is hired by ex convict Moose Malloy (a splendid Mike Mazurki) to find former girlfriend Velma who has been missing for 6 years, this sends him spiralling into a web of deceit, blackmail, theft, murder, in short all the great ingredients for classic noir. For sure the film has a cracking plot that dovetails a treat, but is it dark enough to fully flesh out the material? I just got this annoying itch that where the film should be getting murkier and deadly dark it was in fact far too breezy. Powell does good enough, but the wisecracks to me became more of a hindrance than an enjoyment, I felt in short that I was being lifted out of the dark when I actually wanted to stay cloaked in mud.\r\n\r\nThe film is still an incredible watch, the photography from Harry Wild is lush, and the core essence of the story is bang on the money, while I should mention the cracking performances of the supporting cast as Claire Trevor and Otto Kruger join in the mystery to help raise the film to a higher standard. Some scenes are joyous in the extreme, witness a nightmare sequence that is as gorgeous as it is unnerving, and director Edward Dmytryk excels in creating a bleak topsy turvy underworld, I just wish that this particular film had done away with the airiness. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26744, 678, 14638, 1840], "youtube_key": "CvT-mLR8Eds"}