{"tmdb_id": 18359, "title": "La Mort d'un Roi", "original_title": "To Kill a King", "slug_title": "la-mort-d-un-roi", "date": "2003-05-16", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Aventure"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Cette reconstitution historique met l'accent sur les relations tant\u00f4t amicales, tant\u00f4t hostiles, qui liaient Lord Thomas Fairfax, chef de l'arm\u00e9e des Ind\u00e9pendants, \u00e0 son adjoint Oliver Cromwell, Lord-Protecteur \u00e0 vie de la R\u00e9publique d'Angleterre au XVIIe si\u00e8cle. Tous deux \u00e9taient alli\u00e9s dans une lutte sans merci contre le Roi d'Angleterre Charles Ier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Ym0uDarnV220CdrrKmcps4Vk23.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Roth (Oliver Cromwell)", "Dougray Scott (Sir Thomas Fairfax)", "Olivia Williams (Lady Anne Fairfax)", "James Bolam (Denzil Holles)", "Corin Redgrave (Lord de Vere)", "Julian Rhind-Tutt (James)", "Adrian Scarborough (Sergeant Joyce)", "Jeremy Swift (Earl of Whitby)", "Rupert Everett (King Charles I)", "Sam Spruell (King's Guard)", "Richard Bremmer (Abraham)", "John-Paul Macleod (Richard Cromwell)", "Jonathan Coy (Digby)", "Mary Roscoe (Lady Whitby)", "Benedict Cumberbatch (Royalist)", "Steven Webb (Boy at Naseby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I was counting on you. You let me down. \r\n\r\nTo Kill a King  is directed by Mike Barker and written by Jenny Mayhew. It stars Tim Roth, Dougray Scott, Olivia Williams, James Bolam and Rupert Everett. Music is by Richard G Mitchell and cinematography by Eigil Bryld. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s the end of the English Civil War and with King Charles 1st (Everett) held prisoner by the Parliamentarians, Sir Thomas Fairfax (Scott) and Oliver Cromwell (Roth), friends and colleagues, fall out over the best plan of action for the New England.\r\n\r\nA severely troubled production and budgetary constraints left To Kill a King with a mountain to climb just to get acknowledged as a historical epic of worth. Add in the dubious take on this part of English history that so irked the historians, and you would be forgiven for thinking that the film is something of a stinker. Not so actually. For although it\u2019s clearly far from flawless, it\u2019s a literary piece of work that chooses character dynamics over blood and thunder. Suffice to say that those searching for a battle strewn epic should look elsewhere, but if you have a bent for observations on key personalities involved in war politics during times of upheaval in a period setting? Then this delivers the goods. Well performed by the principal players as well. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [73897, 162006, 32241, 18638], "youtube_key": "Jxcs3HnFps8"}