{"tmdb_id": 183532, "title": "La vengeance de l'indien", "original_title": "Reprisal!", "slug_title": "la-vengeance-de-l-indien", "date": "1956-11-02", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "A peine arriv\u00e9 \u00e0 Kendall, Oklahoma, o\u00f9 il s\u2019\u00e9tablit dans le ranch qu\u2019il vient de s\u2019acheter, Frank Madden d\u00e9couvre une ville en pleine effervescence, divis\u00e9e par le proc\u00e8s des fr\u00e8res Shipley. Coupable du lynchage de deux Indiens, les Shipley sont pourtant acquitt\u00e9s. Des voisins dangereux pour Madden qui, bien que refusant de prendre parti, fait bient\u00f4t d\u2019eux des ennemis mortels. L\u2019un des fr\u00e8res tu\u00e9s, il est imm\u00e9diatement accus\u00e9 et jet\u00e9 en prison. A tous, il continue de dissimuler ses origines mi-indiennes, mi-blanches. Mais cette fois pour mieux se battre contre la haine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ivpirfBYffHWh17hTKoKKRlQ3IC.jpg", "actors": ["Guy Madison (Frank Madden)", "Felicia Farr (Catherine Cantrell)", "Kathryn Grant (Taini)", "Michael Pate (Bert Shipley)", "Edward Platt (Neil Shipley)", "Otto Hulett (Sheriff Jim Dixon)", "Frank De Kova (Charlie Washackle)", "Wayne Mallory (Tom Shipley)", "Robert Burton (Jeb Cantrell)", "Ralph Moody (Matara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Never be ashamed of your blood.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nReprisal! Is directed by George Sherman and written by David P. Harmon, Raphael Hayes and David Dortort. It stars Guy Madison, Felicia Farr, Kathryn Grant, Michael Pate, Edward Platt, Otto Hulett, Wayne Mallory and Frank De Kova. Music is by Mischa Bakaleinikof and Technicolor cinematography by Henry Freulich.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrank Madden (Madison) is half white, half Indian, in order to be allowed to own his own land in the County of  Kendall, Texas, he keeps his half-breed status a secret. Acquiring a ranch and land, Madden quickly falls foul of the Shipley brothers, a trio of thugs known to be Indian killers and intent on making Madden tow their party line.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nNice, in fact something of a treat for Western fans. On plot terms it doesn\u2019t sound like much, the sort of run-of-the-mill Oater so prevalent in the 1950s, but there\u2019s a lot going on psychologically here to run along side the shoot em\u2019 ups, fisticuffs and simmering passions. It starts off very strongly with a court case as the Shipley brothers are on trial for lynching two Indians, clearly guilty, they of course get off because most of the town are Indian haters. This instantly sets it up for half-breed Madden to be constantly at war with himself, he wants to just settle down and earn a crust, but can he keep turning the other cheek as his half kin are abused and used by the very townsfolk he rubs shoulders with?\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nHe keeps winding up in situations where someone needs his help, and it frustrates him greatly, and when his Indian grandfather appears on the scene to offer some sage advice, his emotional confliction goes up still further. The back drop is a town bursting at the seams with racial tensions, then throw in revenge, mob justice, inter-racial lust and murders, you got yourself a film packing in as much as it can in its relatively short running time. It looks nice with photography out of Tuscon, the acting is up to the standard of the production, Grant and Farr are twin delights for the eyes, and Sherman once again proves to be a good old pro who knew his way around a Western.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOne of the better \u201cB\u201d Westerns of 1956, well worth catching by duster fans if the chance arises. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}