{"tmdb_id": 18383, "title": "Almost Love", "original_title": "\uccad\ucd98\ub9cc\ud654", "slug_title": "almost-love", "date": "2006-03-26", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Ji-Hwan (Kwon Sang-Woo) and Dal-Rae (Kim Ha-Neul) are old friends and they have grown up in the same neighborhood. Ji-Hwan admires Hong Kong movie star \"Jacky Chan\" and wants to be a world action star. Dal-Rae has a desire to be an actress. They always bear grudges against each other with their private weak parts, and they quarrel everyday, however they are great friends who care for each other. One day, Dal-Rae goes out with Young-Hoon who is in the same Taekwondo group as Ji-Hwan. Young-Hoon is a student representative of the department as well as an all-round athlete. Ji-hwan is also dating a girl, Ji-Min, a gorgeous glamour girl who has a well-shaped figure. It seems that there would be no problem between the good friends Ji-Hwan and Dal-Rae, but somehow a strange atmosphere arises after they start seeing someone else. Everybody knows it is more than just a friendship, except Ji-Hwan and Dal-Rae.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zLWthIm1tPEaahni2KlVSW4YaJR.jpg", "actors": ["Kim Ha-neul (Jin Dal-rae)", "Jang Mi-inae (Ji-Min)", "Kwon Sang-woo (Lee Ji-hwan)", "Lee Sang-woo (Moon Young-hoon)", "Park Ji-bin (Ji-Hwan (young))", "Jung Min-ah (Dal-Rae (young))", "Jeong Gyu-su (Ji-Hwan's dad)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [54558, 128411, 13311, 63245], "youtube_key": "notfound"}