{"tmdb_id": 18398, "title": "Je dois tuer", "original_title": "Suddenly", "slug_title": "je-dois-tuer", "date": "1954-09-17", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la fin des ann\u00e9es 1940, dans la petite ville am\u00e9ricaine de Suddenly, le sh\u00e9rif Tod Shaw apprend qu'un train sp\u00e9cial doit s'y arr\u00eater dans quelques heures, avec \u00e0 son bord le pr\u00e9sident des \u00c9tats-Unis. Peu apr\u00e8s, arrive une \u00e9quipe des services secrets, men\u00e9e par Dan Carney, afin de s\u00e9curiser le secteur, en collaboration avec la police locale. Ainsi, Carney et Shaw vont jusqu'\u00e0 une maison surplombant la gare, habit\u00e9e par Peter 'Pop' Benson (retrait\u00e9 des services secrets et ancien chef de Carney), sa belle-fille Ellen (veuve du fils de Pop \u2014 tu\u00e9 \u00e0 la guerre \u2014, courtis\u00e9e par Shaw) et son petit-fils 'Pidge'. Ils sont alors confront\u00e9s \u00e0 John Baron et ses deux adjoints (Benny et Bart), qui s'\u00e9taient pr\u00e9sent\u00e9s l\u00e0 peu auparavant, comme des agents du F.B.I., mais qui abattent aussit\u00f4t Carney et blessent au bras Shaw. Leur but r\u00e9el \u00e9tant de tuer le pr\u00e9sident \u00e0 sa descente du train, ils s'installent minutieusement et prennent en otage la maisonn\u00e9e...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v0eQfRMVJtvEkaJjBsSrd6ri1UI.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Sinatra (John Baron)", "Sterling Hayden (Sheriff Tod Shaw)", "James Gleason (Peter 'Pop' Benson)", "Nancy Gates (Ellen Benson)", "Kim Charney (Peter 'Pidge' Benson III)", "Willis Bouchey (Secret Service Detail Chief Dan Carney)", "Paul Frees (Benny Conklin)", "Christopher Dark (Bart Wheeler)", "James O\u2019Hara (Jud Hobson)", "Kem Dibbs (Wilson)", "Charles Smith (Bebop)", "Paul Wexler (Slim Adams)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "God and the Gun!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSuddenly is directed by Lewis Allen and written by Richard Sale. It stars Frank Sinatra, Sterling Hayden, James Gleason, Nancy Gates, Kim Charney and Christopher Dark. Music is by David Raksin and cinematography by Charles G. Clarke.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe small American town of Suddenly is gearing up for a pit stop visit by the President of the United States. Unfortunately the President\u2019s visit has attracted the attention of assassins, who hold hostage the Benson family and friends as their home is the perfect viewpoint for a sniper shot at the President\u2026\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nShow me a guy with feelings and I\u2019ll show you a sucker.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSinatra was never comfortable with his role in Suddenly, even before he \u201crequested\u201d it be removed from circulation post the assassination of his friend JFK in 63, there was a feeling within the Sinatra camp that playing such a despicable character would harm his image. More so as it came a year after his Oscar winning performance in From Here to Eternity. Blue Eyes would even try to make good on the characterisation by reversing the roles as it were for The Manchurian Candidate 1962, but of course a lot of things changed after November 22nd 1963. This all gives Suddenly a curiosity value that it actually doesn\u2019t need, for it\u2019s a gripping thriller capable of standing on its own two feet, and it\u2019s boosted by a terrific performance from Sinatra, one of his best in fact.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThat it was hard to see for quite some time is a shame, because it deserves to be better known. The makers take a hostage scenario and give it a noir edge by way of the conspiracy angle, some paranoia, a family in peril and a strong noir staple of a returning soldier from a war badly scarred by his experiences. In this case John Baron (Sinatra) has the taste for killing, as he is taunted by chief hostage Sheriff \u201cTod\u201d Shaw (Hayden) about his means and motives, that Baron just likes to kill, Baron repeatedly rants that he was a Silver Star winner, that he killed 27 German soldiers, but this doesn\u2019t hide the fact that he has no compunction about killing the President for money. To him the President is just a mark of no significant interest, Baron is a real cold fish and Sinatra gives a thunderously twitchy coiled spring portrayal.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSinatra is backed up by Hayden doing one of his strong macho type turns, and Gleason scores best of the support actors as a wise old boy who himself was once in the Secret Service. These two bastions of Americana off set the near irritating characterisations of Ellen Benson (Gates) and Peter Benson III (Charney), the former the hysterical female, the latter the annoying kid saying illogical things. However, these two stereotypes don\u2019t harm the picture, because director Allen manages to keep the group under duress dynamic ticking away, smothering it with claustrophobic atmosphere to then unleash all for the explosive finale.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s set in daylight and visually it\u2019s nothing to get excited about, in fact much of the film is set in one living room, while the patriotism over traitorism is a necessary piece of thematic flag waving. But this comes highly recommended as entertainment as sleepy small town Americana is jolted out of its stupor. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31556, 2805, 42295, 52280], "youtube_key": "bTy8TuPN7OY"}