{"tmdb_id": 18405, "title": "La derni\u00e8re maison sur la gauche", "original_title": "The Last House on the Left", "slug_title": "la-derniere-maison-sur-la-gauche", "date": "2009-03-13", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Horreur / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Les Collingwood poss\u00e8dent une maison isol\u00e9e, sur les berges d'un paisible lac. Leur fille, Mari, et sa copine Paige ne vont pas tarder \u00e0 se faire enlever par un psychopathe \u00e9vad\u00e9, Krug, sa compagne Sadie, son fr\u00e8re Francis et son fils, Justin. Laiss\u00e9e pour morte, Mari tentera de rejoindre \u00e0 la nage la demeure familiale, sa derni\u00e8re chance de survie\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2Y35XCUS8U8vC8vs0HDEVkPu1BM.jpg", "actors": ["Garret Dillahunt (Krug)", "Michael Bowen (Morton)", "Joshua Cox (Giles)", "Riki Lindhome (Sadie)", "Aaron Paul (Francis)", "Sara Paxton (Mari Collingwood)", "Monica Potter (Emma Collingwood)", "Tony Goldwyn (John Collingwood)", "Martha MacIsaac (Paige)", "Spencer Treat Clark (Justin)", "Usha Khan (Maid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lake Ends In The Road.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe Last House on the Left is directed by Dennis Iliadis and adapted to screenplay by Adam Alleca and Carl Ellsworth from the story by Wes Craven (co-producer here). A remake of Craven\u2019s 1972 film of the same name (itself influenced by Ingmar Bergman\u2019s The Virgin Spring), it stars Tony Goldwyn, Monica Potter, Garret Dillahunt, Sara Paxton, Spencer Treat Clark and Martha MacIsaac. Music is by John Murphy and cinematography by Sharone Meir.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nDuring a family vacation, teenagers Mari (Paxton) and Paige (MacIsaac) are viciously set about by a gang led by recent prison escapee Krug (Dillahunt). When bad weather forces Krug\u2019s car to career off the road, the gang, unbeknownst to them, seek refuge in the vacation home of Mari\u2019s parents. When the parents realise what their new lodgers have done, they begin to enact bloody retribution.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s pointless going on about remakes of old horror films, they are here to stay and we continue to watch them in the hope that they will strike a chord with us. With The Last House on the Left, remaking it, to me at least, is understandable given the 72 film is not exactly a great classic itself. True enough to say it has that grainy grunginess that was so befitting the decade\u2019s horror movies, marking it out as an unsettling experience without really living up to its \u201cterrifying\u201d reputation. In fact if you put both movies together they still wouldn\u2019t have enough class in them to give Bergman\u2019s movie a run for its money.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSo the remake then, all glossy and big budgeted, with name actors in the principal roles, it is by definition routinely packaged for the modern day audience. However, that doesn\u2019t take away from the fact that what unfolds on that screen is challenging us, it really does do its job. The pertinent question exists, are you capable of such violence having had violence inflicted on your loved ones previously? What would you do in the same situation that Mari\u2019s parents find themselves in?\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nWe have been privy to what was meted out to poor Mari and Paige, and the impact is most distressing. There is good cause to argue that Iliadis and his production team go too far in grabbing our attention in readiness for the \u201crevenge\u201d factor later on. Certainly I myself was uncomfortable watching it, as I was with the I Spit on Your Grave remake, but it\u2019s about getting a prescribed response, however close to the knuckle it is.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s not a film anyone can feel comfortable about recommending, surely? But I know it put me through a gamut of emotions, even making me feel bad about myself the next day. That is quite often the power of cinema, and clearly the banner that Craven and Iliadis held aloft during the publicity tours for The Last House on the Left. Today I give the film an uneasy 7/10, it\u2019s uncompromising and unapologetically violent, but also laced with flaws. On another day I may find myself rating it considerably lower\u2026"}], "recommandations_id": [29427, 13510, 14254, 9792], "youtube_key": "2EZyJxabVck"}