{"tmdb_id": 184341, "title": "Hands of Stone", "original_title": "Hands of Stone", "slug_title": "hands-of-stone", "date": "2016-08-26", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Retour sur la carri\u00e8re du boxeur panam\u00e9en Roberto Dur\u00e0n.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vPnuhguhrt1FVIaeo8CVMEarzl8.jpg", "actors": ["Robert De Niro (Ray Arcel)", "Edgar Ram\u00edrez (Roberto Duran)", "Jurnee Smollett (Juanita Leonard)", "Ellen Barkin (Stephanie Arcel)", "Rub\u00e9n Blades (Carlos Eleta)", "Usher (Sugar Ray Leonard)", "John Turturro (Frankie Carbo)", "Reg E. Cathey (Don King)", "Robb Skyler (Howard Cosell)", "Ana de Armas (Felicidad Iglesias)", "\u00d3scar Jaenada (Chaflan)", "Drena De Niro (Adele)", "Ilza Rosario (Clara Samaniego)", "Anthony Molinari (Marine Molinari)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some people are so tough, because that's how they grew up!**\r\n\r\nA biographical sports film directed by some Venezuelan filmmaker and actor Edgar Ramirez in the lead with De Niro in a supporting role. This is the story of a famous boxer from Panama, Roberto Duran. Takes place during the 1980s, when protest was intensified to free Panama canal from the US control. Duran was interested in boxing since he was a little and then he was helped by a local small time coach. But when his professional fight begins to take off big, he required someone who can handle him at the big stages. So that's where a former American boxer comes in and what happens between them, followed by how Duran's life turns out is what covered in the rest.\r\n\r\nBiographies are always good to watch. Sometimes it inspires, how those persons struggled to achieve something big. But this film was just okay, similar to most of the sports films. I did not dislike the story, I did not like how it was made. All I wanted was a better screenplay and it kind of failed on that part. The actors are the best thing in this. Both De Niro and Ramirez were decent, though expected big. Those 80s atmospheres were so good, but the stunt choreography was average. As based on a real person, it is a good film, though watching it for entertainment is a little disappointment. Overall, definitely worth a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [390512, 343010, 77665, 253283], "youtube_key": "cNzXeY9OBxI"}