{"tmdb_id": 184315, "title": "Hercule", "original_title": "Hercules", "slug_title": "hercule", "date": "2014-07-23", "genre": "Action / Aventure", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Mi-homme mi-l\u00e9gende, Hercule prend la t\u00eate d\u2019un groupe de mercenaires pour mettre un terme \u00e0 la sanglante guerre civile qui s\u00e9vit au royaume de Thrace et replacer le roi l\u00e9gitime sur le tr\u00f4ne. \u00c2me tourment\u00e9e depuis la naissance, Hercule a la force d\u2019un dieu mais ressent aussi les peines et les souffrances d\u2019un mortel.  Sa puissance l\u00e9gendaire sera mise \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9preuve par des forces obscures.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sQwAJsSxWY8ON5XFS15wOb46nOq.jpg", "actors": ["Dwayne Johnson (Hercules)", "Ian McShane (Amphiarus)", "John Hurt (Cotys)", "Rufus Sewell (Autolycus)", "Aksel Hennie (Tydeus)", "Ingrid Bols\u00f8 Berdal (Atalanta)", "Reece Ritchie (Iolaus)", "Joseph Fiennes (King Eurystheus)", "Tobias Santelmann (Rhesus)", "Peter Mullan (Sitacles)", "Rebecca Ferguson (Ergenia)", "Isaac Andrews (Arius)", "Joe Anderson (Phineas)", "Steve Peacocke (Stephanos)", "Nicholas Moss (Demetrius)", "Irina Shayk (Megara)", "Robert Maillet (l'ex\u00e9cuteur)", "Ian Whyte (le chef des guerriers Bessi)", "Barbara Palvin (Antimache)", "Caroline Boulton (Vixen)", "Christopher Fairbank (Gryza)", "John Cross (Lieutenant Markos)", "M\u00e1t\u00e9 Haumann (les gardes Cotys)", "Matt Devere (les gardes Cotys)", "Robert Whitelock (Nicolaus)", "Karolina Szymczak (Alcmene)", "Mark Phelan (Corsair)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Of course, not the best movie but the cast is well chosen and delivers a good performance.\r\n\r\nThe intention is no more than doing an entertaining action movie, maybe a bit too violent for all audiences.\r\n\r\nIn any case, the fresh approach is to show a down to earth Hercules, not a demigod, but the actual product of the marketing for creating a hero and become a legend when centuries have past. Just for this it deserves some recognition."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "A fairly entertaining movie but Hercules as most people know the story it is not. The movie blurb above from Paramount is at least fairly honest in calling it a \u201crevisionist take\u201d. Most other commercial texts talk about the legendary twelve labors and in general makes you think that Hercules is \u2026 well Hercules. Do not be fooled. Most of this movie goes to some length to portray Hercules as a normal man, unusually strong for sure but certainly no demigod, that have created the myth surrounding him himself with the help of his friends. If you are into Greek mythology and do not like it messed with this movie is not for you. It is a classical Hollywood rewrite focusing on action with little respect for anything else.\r\n\r\nHaving said that, it is not the total disaster as is normally the result when Hollywood makes \u201ctheir take\u201d on something classical. Hercules and his team are a fairly charming bunch of hard hitting rascals. The revised story is not really all that bad. Simple and predictable of course, it  is a Hollywood action movie after all, but it works fairly well.\r\n\r\nThe movie is an action movie so naturally the main reward of this movie are the action scenes which are fairly good. Over the top, unbelievable and devoid of any form of actual military strategy of course but still quite entertaining. Whoever wrote the scenes having Hercules and his friends running around in the middle of huge battles without much in terms of protection while the rest of the army huddled down in this famous shield wall formation is no genius, military or otherwise, that has to be said. Well, at least it got Hercules some head bashing moments.\r\n\r\nIf you are a fan of action movies and are prepared to put your brain in park and just enjoy the show this is a rather entertaining movie. At least this is my take on it. Some of the scenery is quite beautiful, even slightly breathtaking. It never really feels slow and the acting is on a level suitable for the movie. A slightly above average Hollywood \u201crewrite\u201d I would say."}], "recommandations_id": [138103, 49017, 147441, 97020]}