{"tmdb_id": 1844, "title": "Haute voltige", "original_title": "Entrapment", "slug_title": "haute-voltige", "date": "1999-04-29", "genre": ["Romance / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Quand, dans la nuit du 15 d\u00e9cembre 1999, un Rembrandt d'une valeur inestimable est d\u00e9robe dans le salon d'un richissime collectionneur, les soup\u00e7ons se portent aussit\u00f4t sur Robert Mac Dougal, grand amateur d'art et illustre voleur de tableaux insaisissable. Virginia Baker, le meilleur agent des Assurances Waverly, qui a \u00e9tudie la personnalit\u00e9 de Mac Dougal, soumet au directeur un projet audacieux pour r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer le tableau. Elle app\u00e2tera le gentleman cambrioleur en se faisant passer pour une voleuse, le s\u00e9duira et le fera tomber en lui proposant un casse irr\u00e9sistible.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6IKmjW52qeMXx8xXMdX6RRshmY0.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (Robert \"Mac\" MacDougal)", "Catherine Zeta-Jones (Virginia \"Gin\" Baker)", "Will Patton (Hector Cruz)", "Maury Chaykin (Conrad Greene)", "Ving Rhames (Aaron Thibadeaux)", "Kevin McNally (Haas)", "Terry O'Neill (Quinn)", "Madhav Sharma (Security Chief)", "David Yip (Chief of Police)", "Tim Potter (Millennium Man)", "Eric Meyers (Waverly Technician)", "Aaron Swartz (Cruz's Man)", "William Marsh (Computer Technician)", "Tony Xu (Banker)", "Rolf Saxon (ICB Director)", "Tom Clarke Hill (ICB Operator)", "David Howard (ICB Technician)", "Sai-Kit Yung (Doctor)", "Ravin J. Ganatra (1st Security Guard)", "Rhydian Jai-Persad (2nd Security Guard)", "Hari Dhillon (3rd Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Millennium heist flick with Sean Connery, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Catherine\u2019s derri\u00e8re    \r\n\r\nGin, an insurance agent with the curious skills of a cat burglar (Catherine Zeta-Jones), is sent by her employer (Will Patton) to wiggle into the company of aging British master-thief \u201cMac\u201d MacDougal (Sean Connery). He tentatively accepts her but insists on arduous training before stealing a priceless Chinese mask from the well-guarded Bedford Palace. Their developing attraction and suspicion threaten to ruin their partnership but the lure of $8 billion from a heist at the Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, maintains their alliance.\r\n\r\nI usually don\u2019t like heist flicks (because I\u2019m not interested in the glorification of criminals), but the charisma of Connery and the beauty of Zeta-Jones keeps \u201cEntrapment\u201d (1999) interesting, not to mention the all-around stylish and kinetic filmmaking. Mac's hideout, an isolated castle in Scotland, is an unexpected attraction. The movie\u2019s similar in tone to the contemporaneous \u201cEye of the Beholder\u201d (1999), but without the pall of moody gloom and sleaze. The first 70 minutes are surprisingly entertaining before slumping for 20 minutes, but the film thankfully recovers for the thrilling and twisty last act.\r\n\r\n\u201cEntrapment\u201d is famous for iconic stills of Catherine acrobatically maneuvering her way through a laser security system, which showcase her heightened derri\u00e8re. She\u2019s a beautiful woman and these sequences are certainly highlights. Yet you could hardly call them pornographic since she\u2019s fully clothed and, while her outfit might be tight, it\u2019s not exactly skintight.\r\n\r\nConcerning the mild controversy over the dubious attraction of Mac (Connery) and Gin (Zeta-Jones), Connery was 68 when \"Entrapment\" was shot, but Mac is 60 in the story. Catherine was almost 30 during shooting, but looks & acts 35. So their age-difference is roughly 25 years, which isn\u2019t anything unheard of.\r\n\r\nMoreover, men are naturally attracted to younger women and Gin is a full-fledged whoa-man, not a teenager or even 20-something. Mac may have been 60, but he was charismatic, intelligent, virile and very much young at heart; so it\u2019s no wonder Gin was attracted to him.\r\n\r\nLastly, being attracted to someone isn't the same as wanting to marry the person or even have sex. You can be naturally attracted to someone, but dismiss any further entanglement for numerous reasons, such as you're married, s/he is married, s/he is too young, s/he is too old, you prefer being single, etc.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 53 minutes and was shot in England, Scotland (Duart Castle & Eilean Donan Castle), Malaysia and New York City. Ving Rhames costars as Mac\u2019s covert ally.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [9208, 4824, 9772, 6520], "youtube_key": "hAW3EyPDhGw"}