{"tmdb_id": 18449, "title": "New Mexico", "original_title": "The Deadly Companions", "slug_title": "new-mexico", "date": "1961-06-06", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Western", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Un ancien officier de l'arm\u00e9e tue accidentellement un jeune enfant. Pour rattraper sa faute, il d\u00e9cide d'escorter le convoi fun\u00e9ral \u00e0 travers un dangereux territoire indien.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pwBvvWP5rzGRuroZVfgdLfZTIUE.jpg", "actors": ["Maureen O'Hara (Kit Tilden)", "Brian Keith (Yellowleg)", "Steve Cochran (Billy Keplinger)", "Chill Wills (Turk)", "Strother Martin (Parson)", "Will Wright (Doctor Acton)", "James O\u2019Hara (Cal, General Store)", "Peter O'Crotty (Mayor of Hila City)", "Billy Vaughan (Mead Tildon Jr.)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Melancholic, harsh Peckinpah Western with Keith and O\u2019Hara***  \r\n\r\nA former Union soldier, Yellowleg (Brian Keith), vengefully searches for a Confederate who tried to scalp him alive 5 years earlier. After something bad happens in an Arizona town he offers to escort a dance hall woman (Maureen O\u2019Hara) to a ghost town where her former beau was buried. There are a couple problems though: They have to go through Apache territory and two lowlifes accompany them most of the way.\r\n\r\nReleased in 1961, \u201cThe Deadly Companions\u201d has a lot going for it: It stars Keith and the beautiful O'Hara, who had such great chemistry in \"The Parent Trap,\u201d released the very same month. This is Sam Peckinpah's directorial debut in cinema. Most people reading this know that Peckinpah went on to become a highly acclaimed director with notable efforts like \"Ride the High Country\" (1962). In addition, \"The Deadly Companions\" was filmed on location in Arizona (including Old Tucson); you can't beat Arizona for fine, authentic Western locations. Lastly, the picture only runs 90 minutes, so it won't likely wear out its welcome.\r\n\r\nThe first act is promising, highlighted by a church service in a saloon with O'Hara playing a social outcast amongst the church folk (for legitimate reasons). After a tragedy happens, the tone turns melancholic as the characters take a hard journey through the desert where they fight with each other and the Injuns. The movie\u2019s realistic and harsh, reminiscent of unmemorable Westerns like \u201cThe Appaloosa\u201d (1966) and \u201cThe Stalking Moon\u201d (1968). \u201cMolly and Lawless John\u201d (1972) was the only one that took this basic approach and made a compelling Western. \r\n\r\nBut at least Peckinpah & team tried to do something different, like Brando did with the contemporaneous \u201cOne-Eyed Jacks.\u201d The odd classical-meets-Country-and-Western score by Marlin Skiles is notable. At the end of the day \u201cThe Deadly Companions\u201d shoots for dark art with a message of maybe redemption but, after the quality first act, never rises above mediocre. And verges on \u201cThe Deadly Dull.\u201d \r\n\r\nI kind of liked it, though, but you have to be in a meditative, brooding mood.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [102379, 107427, 126227, 119586]}