{"tmdb_id": 18451, "title": "The Whole Wide World", "original_title": "The Whole Wide World", "slug_title": "the-whole-wide-world", "date": "1996-09-08", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "The Whole Wide World tells the story of Novalyne Price, an attractive feisty West Texas schoolteacher and her bittersweet, romantic and turbulent relationship with Robert E. Howard, the great pulp fiction writer of the 1930's.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ajMk4ueXcOCbxwJjJecltiGhYrn.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent D'Onofrio (Robert E. Howard)", "Ren\u00e9e Zellweger (Novalyne Price)", "Ann Wedgeworth (Mrs. Howard)", "Harve Presnell (Dr. Howard)", "Benjamin Mouton (Clyde Smith)", "Helen Cates (Enid)", "Leslie Berger (Ethel)", "Chris Shearer (Truett)", "Sandy Walper (Mammy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Dating Conan the Barbarian\u2019s creator in the heart of Texas in 1934-1936\r\n\r\nReleased in 1996, the movie focuses on budding writer Novalyne Price Ellis (Ren\u00e9e Zellweger) and her experiences with famous pulp writer, Robert E. Howard (Vincent D'Onofrio), creator of Conan the barbarian and other characters, like Kull, Solomon Kane and Red Sonya. The events take place in central Texas (Cross Plains and Brownwood) during the last two years of Howard\u2019s life, 1934-1936, and are based on Novalyne\u2019s  memoirs \u201cOne Who Walked Alone\u201d and \u201cDay of the Stranger: Further Memories of Robert E. Howard.\u201d Ann Wedgeworth is on hand as Robert\u2019s sickly mother.\r\n\r\nHoward\u2019s great imagination and expertise with words made him \u201cthe greatest pulp fiction writer in the whole wide world,\u201d as he was known. Unfortunately he died way too young at the age of 30 but, thankfully, he was prolific and so we have a lot of material by him to enjoy. It has always been a mystery to me why this talented man died the way he did, but this film gives life to REH\u2019s last two years and helps the viewer understand what happened.\r\n\r\nThis is a true-life drama with elements of romance consisting of the simple way of life of a writer, his parents and friends in the plains of central Texas in the mid-30s. Most of the sequences take place at the quaint Howard abode, the theater in Brownwood, the school where Novalyne taught and, mostly, Robert & Novalyne driving the desolate landscapes or walking and talking, sometimes in conflict. In other words, this is a simple drama. The potency comes with the subject matter, Robert E. Howard.  I found the drama gripping as insights emerge in the dialogues and other sequences.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 51 minutes and was shot in the heart of Texas (Austin, Bartlett, Bastrop and Rockne).\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [190780, 18408, 52654, 344641], "youtube_key": "bHvOeMRgPuw"}