{"tmdb_id": 1846, "title": "La Valse des truands", "original_title": "Marlowe", "slug_title": "la-valse-des-truands", "date": "1969-09-19", "genre": "Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Philip Marlowe, un d\u00e9tective priv\u00e9e m\u00e8ne l'enqu\u00eate sur un tueur \u00e0 gages nomm\u00e9 Winslow Wong. En explorant plusieurs pistes, il d\u00e9couvre par la suite de plusieurs de ses meurtres, que l'un des proches d'une famille y est d\u00e9tenu. C'est alors que le meurtrier va imaginer un stratag\u00e8me tr\u00e8s \"mystique\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oSWzOPCBauQTmpXf3FlofBD9vWp.jpg", "actors": ["James Garner (Philip Marlowe)", "Gayle Hunnicutt (Mavis Wald)", "Carroll O'Connor (Lt. Christy French)", "Rita Moreno (Dolores Gonz\u00e1les)", "Sharon Farrell (Orfamay Quest)", "William Daniels (Mr. Cromwell)", "H.M. Wynant (Sonny Steelgrave)", "Jackie Coogan (Grant W. Hicks)", "Christopher Cary (Chuck)", "Bruce Lee (Winslow Wong)", "Kenneth Tobey (Fred Beifus)", "Mary Wilcox (YMCA Clerk)", "George Tyne (Oliver Hady)", "Corinne Camacho (Julie)", "Paul Stevens (Dr. Vincent Lagardie)", "Roger Newman (Orrin Quest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm a trained detective!\r\n\r\nMarlowe is directed by Paul Bogart and adapted to screenplay by Stirling Silliphant from the novel The Little Sister written by Raymond Chandler. It stars James Garner, Gayle Hunnicut, Carroll O'Connor and Rita Moreno. Music is by Peter Matz and cinematography by William H. Daniels.\r\n\r\nLos Angeles private detective Philip Marlow (Garner) is working on what he thinks is a simple missing persons case, how wrong he is!\r\n\r\nQ as in Quintessential - U as in Uninhibited - E as in Extrasensory - S as in Subliminal - T as in Toots!\r\n\r\nAnother of the interpretations for the great Chandler creation of Philip Marlowe, unsurprisingly met with mixed notices - just as all the others have done. You do wonder what Chandler would have made of the role portrayals that came out post his death? I like to think he very much would have enjoyed Garner's take, because this Marlowe is a quip happy wise guy, unflappable and cool, he portrays so much with just a glance, and the girls love him.\r\n\r\nThe story is juicy in its little complexities, spinning Marlowe into muddy waters the further he investigates things. His life is always under threat, be it by serial ice-pick users or Asian martial artists (Bruce Lee no less in a nutty couple of scenes) wishing to inflict death, or of arrest by an increasingly frustrated police force. Bogart and Daniels keep the whole thing stylish looking, with film noir camera tricks and colour photography infusing the period details. While the supporting cast, notably the ladies, give Garner some splendid support.\r\n\r\nIt's a different Marlowe for sure, but a thoroughly engaging and entertaining one. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [194246, 459065, 115955, 216971]}