{"tmdb_id": 18498, "title": "Ghoulies", "original_title": "Ghoulies", "slug_title": "ghoulies", "date": "1984-11-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Fantastique", "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "A la mort de son p\u00e8re, Jonathan s'installe avec sa petite amie dans le manoir laiss\u00e9 en h\u00e9ritage. Il y d\u00e9couvre des ouvrages de sorcellerie, qui attisent sa curiosit\u00e9, et se livre alors \u00e0 d'\u00e9tranges c\u00e9r\u00e9monies. Au cours d'un de ces rituels, il voit surgir d'inqui\u00e9tantes cr\u00e9atures, les Ghoulies, d\u00e9cid\u00e9es \u00e0 semer la terreur autour d'elles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nPRRp2bGNOhHKbxeZPrrmWqFVfo.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Liapis (Jonathan)", "Lisa Pelikan (Rebecca)", "Michael Des Barres (Malcolm Graves)", "Jack Nance (Wolfgang)", "Peter Risch (Grizzel)", "Tamara De Treaux (Greedigut)", "Scott Thomson (Mike)", "Ralph Seymour (Mark)", "Mariska Hargitay (Donna)", "Victoria Catlin (Anastasia)", "Bobbie Bresee (Temptress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Datapotomus", "content": "Not enough Ghoulies!!\r\n\r\nIf the cover of your movie has a creature popping out of toilet. I your movie, you better have a creature popping out of a toilet. It\u2019s Chekhov's gun. There was no ghoulie that ever popped out of a toilet. I was waiting the entire movie for a puppet to pop out of a toilet, and never got it! \r\n\r\nAside from that this movie is still pretty bad. The main actor has some weird green eyes that glow when he \u201cinvokes\u201d them (I guess). I don\u2019t really know, because they don\u2019t explain it, and they show up when he is \u201cmore\u201d menacing than he normally is. I also didn\u2019t understand why they had to wear sunglasses towards the end. He could turn his weird green eyes off when he wanted. He didn\u2019t need the sun glasses. \r\nI also didn\u2019t get why the main character decided he had to quit school to clean up a house. Why wouldn\u2019t you just clean up the house after school??? It didn\u2019t make any sense. \r\n\r\nThe movie is filled with pretty subpar acting. For some reason a female costar that seems like she was already in her fifties, but her actual age hadn\u2019t caught up to her yet. \r\n\r\nThe ghoulies were the best part, but you only see them for maybe, maybe, 10 minutes out of the whole movie. \r\n\r\nThere were also these two dwarves that showed up for no real reason except to drink some liquid, and fight against their original master (maybe?)"}], "recommandations_id": [28605, 44909, 30654, 33061]}