{"tmdb_id": 185079, "title": "The Interrupted Journey", "original_title": "The Interrupted Journey", "slug_title": "the-interrupted-journey", "date": "1949-10-11", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "When John North, a budding author, pulls the communication cord of a late night train that is taking him away on a weekend with his publishers wife, he sets in motion a series of events that lead to a train crash, a murder and a police man hunt, but all is not what it seems.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xujRNgXTyEbxdNLHuVtsJf9oh3U.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Todd (John North)", "Valerie Hobson (Carol North)", "Christine Norden (Susan Wilding)", "Tom Walls (Mr. Clayton)", "Alexander Gauge (Jerves Wilding)", "Ralph Truman (Inspector Waterson)", "Vida Hope (Miss Marchmont)", "Dora Bryan (the waitress)", "Vincent Ball (the first workman)", "Jack Vyvyan (the second workman)", "Cyril Smith (Publican)", "Elsie Wagstaff (Wilding's maid)", "Dora Sevening (Mrs. Wilding senior)", "Nigel Neilson (Sergeant Sanger)", "Arthur Lane (Constable Cowley)", "Geoffrey Bellman (a passenger)", "Alan Gordon (the ticket inspector)", "Hope Matthews (elderly gentleman)", "Roger Moore (the soldier in Paddington caf\u00e9)", "Arnold Ridley (Mr. Saunders)", "Gwynneth Vaughan (the girl with the soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "20 Killed, 31 Injured!\r\n\r\nThe Interrupted Journey is directed by Daniel Birt and written by Michael Pertwee. It stars Richard Todd, Valerie Hobson, Tom Walls and Ralph Truman. Music is by Stanley Black and cinematography by Erwin Hillier.\r\n\r\nTo Stop Train In Case Of Emergency Pull Down The Chain. Penalty For Improper Use \u00a35.\r\n\r\nThat's a woman in a million.\r\n\r\nVery tidy Brit noir this one. The story is a bit hokey as it enters Twilight Zone territories, but the twists, turns and mystery quotient keep it lively to hold the attention. The low budget is never a problem for Birt, who aided by the excellent Hillier, brings a feverish realm to the story by way of canted angles, shadow play and hazes, while certain images (shapes of doorways etc) are cunningly teasing the audience about what is going on. Cast are very strong to round this out as more than worth the time of the Brit noir film fan. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}