{"tmdb_id": 185147, "title": "The Quare Fellow", "original_title": "The Quare Fellow", "slug_title": "the-quare-fellow", "date": "1962-10-02", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9UmwYithQRxREaMx1K7jCFI11la.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick McGoohan (Thomas Crimmin)", "Sylvia Syms (Kathleen)", "Walter Macken (Regan)", "Dermot Kelly (Donnelly)", "Jack Cunningham (Chief Warder)", "Hilton Edwards (Holy Healy)", "Philip O'Flynn (Prison Governor)", "Leo McCabe (Dr Flyn)", "Norman Rodway (Lavery)", "Marie Kean (Mrs. O'Hara)", "Pauline Delaney (Mickser's Wife)", "Geoffrey Golden (1st Customs Official)", "Tom Irwin (2nd Customs Official)", "Joseph O'Donnell (Poet)", "Agnes Bernelle (Meg)", "Iris Lawler (Minna)", "Dominic Roche (Prison Chaplain)", "Brian Hewitt-Jones (Jenkinson)", "Arthur O'Sullivan ('Himself' - The Hangman)", "Aubrey Morris (Silvertop)", "Eamonn Brennan (Flaherty)", "Robert Bernal (Mickser)", "Gerry Alexander (Kelly)", "T.P. McKenna (Walsh)", "Harry Brogan (Dunlavin)", "Eric Gorman (Neighbour)", "James Caffrey (O'Connor)", "John Cowley (Cleary)", "John Welsh (Carroll)", "Eddie Golden (Reception Warder)", "David Kelly (Reception Clerk)", "Frank O'Donovan (Clancy)", "Desmond O'Neill (O'Shaughnessy)", "Aiden Grennell (Food Orderly)", "Derry Power (Stretcher Bearer)", "Brendan Cauldwell (Shamrock Attendant)", "Pat Layde (1st Publican)", "Marie Conmee (Publican Woman)", "Michael C. Hennessy (2nd Publican)", "James Brennan (Old Patriot)", "Ronnie Walsh (Irate Citizen)", "Charlie Roberts (Dock Worker)", "Marcella Grimes (Charwoman)", "Celia Salkeld (Lavery's Assistant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Condemned men, strange?\r\n\r\nThe Quare Fellow is directed by Arthur Dreifuss who along with Jacqueline Sundstrom co-adapts the screenplay from the Brendan Behan play. It stars Patrick McGoohan, Sylvia Syms, Walter Macken and Dermot Kelly. Music is by Alexander Faris and cinematography by Peter Hennessy.\r\n\r\nThomas Crimmin (McGoohan) begins new employment at a Dublin jail firmly believing in the benefits of the death penalty. Not everyone of his colleagues feels the same, though, and as Crimmin works through his time and gets close to the wife of a condemned man, his beliefs are splintered.\r\n\r\nThe play by all accounts was awash with humour, something which this filmic version considerably lacks. Dreifuss prefers to make the film bleak, both in surroundings and via the characterisations. The prison is perpetually cold and grey, smiles are hard to find within these walls, cynicism and fatalism drip from the wrought iron doors, and of course moral compasses are all over the place. This doesn't make it a bad film, not a bit of it, it's a tough drama acted superbly, with some brains and brawn injected into the script. Yet it ultimately plays its hand as a straight forward anti-capital punishment peace, missing opportunities to expand upon hinted at themes, particularly where Syms' fraught wife character is concerned. Still, it's a must for McGoohan and Syms fans and for those who like gritty pics set in prisons. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [90023]}