{"tmdb_id": 18555, "title": "Foxfire", "original_title": "Foxfire", "slug_title": "foxfire", "date": "1996-08-23", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "L'arriv\u00e9e de Margret dit \"Legs\", dans la vie de quatre jeunes \u00e9tudiantes va tout chambouler. Harcel\u00e9es sexuellement par un de leur professeur, les jeunes filles vont se venger avec l'aide de Legs. D\u00e8s lors, une grande amiti\u00e9 va na\u00eetre dans ce petit groupe de rebelles...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3LR8l22YXY8DuBKnF79HO59V5iX.jpg", "actors": ["Angelina Jolie (Legs Sadovsky)", "Hedy Burress (Maddy Wirtz)", "Jenny Lewis (Rita Faldes)", "Jenny Shimizu (Goldie Goldman)", "Sarah Rosenberg (Violet Kahn)", "Peter Facinelli (Ethan Bixby)", "Dash Mihok (Dana Taylor)", "Michelle Brookhurst (Cindy)", "Elden Henson (Bobby)", "Cathy Moriarty (Martha Wirtz)", "Richard Beymer (Mr. Parks)", "John Diehl (Mr. Buttinger)", "Ever Carradine (Girl in Print Shop)", "Joel David Moore (First Geek)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheMovieGuru1993", "content": "*SPOILERS AHEAD*  \r\n\r\nLoosely based on Joyce Carol Oates' controversial novel, _Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang_ Annette Haywood Carter has adapted the book into a film about female empowerment and rebellion. With Angelina Jolie, Hedy Burress, Jenny Lewis, Jenny Shimizu, and Sarah Rosenberg as its stars, the movie is heavily female driven. Set in the 1990s in Portland, Oregon and centers on a teenage girl named Maddy Wirtz (Burress) as she recalls her senior year. She then meets a mysterious girl (Jolie) and upon learning of the sexual abuse that Violet (Rosenberg) and Rita put up with (Lewis) from Mr. Buttinger (John Diehl), she along with the other girls decide to rise up and take revenge on him.\r\n\r\n  Maddy then learns that the girl's name is Legs and then informs her that their is an abandoned house up the river where she can stay. Then while at school she and the other girls learn that they've been reported for assaulting a teacher. Suspended from school and unable to get her art portfolio Maddy and the girls retreat to the abandoned house. Legs then insists they break into the school and retrieve the portfolio. At first their plan goes smoothly until Goldie (Shimizu) finds a rather unflattering photo of herself, she pulls to the side to smoke a joint but ends up setting off the school's sprinkler system.\r\n\r\n  The girls then frantically try to escape the school and evade the police and fireman. They are successful and get back to the house, Legs then decides to commemorate the night by giving herself a tattoo. She then proceeds to brand the others as they sip wine and smoke. The next day Maddy's boyfriend Ethan (Peter Facinelli) is surprised to find that she has assaulted a teacher and gotten a tattoo. The girls then read a letter from another student who reveals she was pursued by Buttinger as well. Later that night the girls are dancing, but their fun is interrupted by the local jocks. Furious that the girls accused and assaulted Mr. Buttinger because he is their coach they threaten the girls. Only for Maddy to tell them to get lost, while Rita flirts with one of the jocks.\r\n\r\n  The gang then starts roaming the streets at night, from a skatepark, to sharing a drink to walking on the Brooklyn bridge. Their fun is interrupted by Goldie's dad (Chris Mulkey) who demands she comes home, Legs gets enraged when he smacks her upside the head. Back at the house Legs then tells Maddy she lost her mother and that she has never seen her father since, they have a tender moment and enjoy the night sky. The next day one of the jock's girlfriends asks Maddy for a favor, but then she learns that it was a trap. Just as she is about to be sexually assaulted, Legs shows up and pulls a knife forcing the jocks to let Maddy go. The girls then proceed to hop in the car and take it for a joyride. Legs' reckless driving alerts cops on patrol, she refuses to pull over and the girls end up totaling the car by rolling it. \r\n\r\n  Though not seriously injured they are charged with carjacking, resisting arrest and assault with a deadly weapon. Cindy, the girlfriend lies to the judge and as a result Legs is forced to spend time in a youth correctional center. As the group is separated they start to flounder, Goldie runs away from home and joins a drug house. Cindy then goes back to the courthouse, feeling guilty for what she did and confesses to the judge that she lied. Maddy then learns of Goldie's whereabouts and brings her back to the house/ Legs is then released and makes her way back to the house, but her homecoming celebration is cut short. Maddy shows her Goldie, who is suffering from heroin withdrawal.\r\n\r\n  Legs then decides that the only way to get Goldie help is to get money from her father for rehab. Tension rises when he refuses, Legs then picks up a pistol and holds him at gunpoint. The girls then take him hostage and bring him back to the house. Legs gives the gun to Rita to hold, while she thinks about another idea. Maddy then realizes that she is holding Goldie's father for ransom, and then says that she is going about it all wrong. Legs then voices her frustration towards her own father. The girls then decide that he should see Goldie, who walks upstairs and spooks Rita. Rita accidentally fires the gun and it nicks his shoulder.\r\n\r\n  Maddy now realizing how dangerous and violent the situation has gotten urges the girls to take Goldie's father to a hospital. The girls then agree, but Maddy notices Legs is missing. She goes to look for her, and finds her thumbing for a ride on the Brooklyn bridge. Maddy approaches her and begs her to stay in Portland, but Legs persuades Maddy to join her on the road. They both make their decision, and Maddy watches as Legs boards a truck and watches it drive off. As Maddy proceeds to climb the bridge, we learn that Goldie and her dad got their relationship worked out. Maddy has gone on to be a successful artist and has traveled around the world. The girls manage to keep in touch, and even though they never saw Legs again they reminisce about the past.\r\n\r\nWhile the movie is critically panned, it was a box office success. It does not deviate from the original novel, it does has some stuff left out. However, the movie takes a creative license approach and I love that they modernized the story. The original story is about New York girls who form a gang in a post World War II New York City. This is easily a story anyone can read and think that it is more suited for modern-day. The movie relies heavily on misandry and feminism, as well as the rape culture. The casting is wonderfully done, Angelina is powerful as the femme-fatale Legs Sadovsky. Hedy Burress is charming as Maddy and the others can hold their own. Legs is the girl Maddy longs to be, while Maddy is the girl Legs needs. Maddy has morals and guidance while Legs is a rebel. One of the best scenes is the nighttime scene with Legs and Maddy on the roof as they watch the night sky.\r\n\r\nOverall, if you're a fan of the original novel then this is not for you. But, if you enjoy Indie films and are a fan of Angelina Jolie I highly recommend this movie. 4.5 out of 5 stars."}], "recommandations_id": [44895, 28026, 85327, 41944], "youtube_key": "SQ-CopNrehU"}