{"tmdb_id": 18588, "title": "Paiement cash", "original_title": "52 Pick-Up", "slug_title": "paiement-cash", "date": "1986-11-07", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un industriel americain, Harry Mitchell, m\u00e8ne une vie tr\u00e8s active entre son entreprise florissante et sa femme Barbara qui \"manage\" un homme politique. Mais Harry s'est entich\u00e9 d'une jeune mannequin et le jour o\u00f9 il d\u00e9cide de rompre, un maitre-chanteur et deux complices lui projettent une cassette contenant des preuves irr\u00e9futables de cette aventure. Harry d\u00e9cide, apr\u00e8s une explication tr\u00e8s franche avec Barbara, de ne pas c\u00e8der...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wHT6lldjkcIRABWNNjjSjSRrlY8.jpg", "actors": ["Roy Scheider (Harry Mitchell)", "Ann-Margret (Barbara Mitchell)", "Vanity (Doreen)", "John Glover (Alan Raimy)", "Robert Trebor (Leo Franks)", "Lonny Chapman (Jim O'Boyle)", "Kelly Preston (Cini)", "Doug McClure (Mark Arveson)", "Clarence Williams III (Bobby Shy)", "Alex Henteloff (Dan Lowenthal)", "Michelle Walker (Counter Girl)", "Philip Bartko (Test Site Worker)", "Tom Byron (Party Goer)", "Herschel Savage (Party Goer)", "Amber Lynn (Party Goer)", "Sharon Mitchell (Party Goer)", "Ines Ochoa (Party Goer)", "Allyson Palmeter (Party Goer)", "Katherine Poland (Party Goer)", "Debra Satell (Party Goer)", "Amy White (Party Goer)", "Ron Jeremy (Party Goer)", "Lorrie Lovett (Nude Model)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Our marriage has lasted 23 years. That\u2019s longer than she\u2019s been alive!\r\n\r\n52 Pick-Up is directed by John Frankenheimer and written by Elmore Leonard (adapting from his own novel) and John Steppling. It stars Roy Scheider, Ann-Margret, John Glover, Vanity, Clarence Williams III, Robert Trebor and Kelly Preston. Music is by Gary Chang and cinematography by Jost Vacano and Stephen Ramsey. \r\n\r\nSuccessful business entrepreneur Harry Mitchell (Scheider) finds himself the victim of blackmail by three pornographers who have video evidence of his extramarital affair. With his wife about to embark on a new stage of her political career, the last thing Harry needs is a scandal, but when things take a turn for the worse Harry decides to use unorthodox methods to deal with the blackmailers. \r\n\r\nA nifty neo-noir this, certainly deserving of being better known in neo-noir circles. The presence of Leonard at the writing table ensures that the story doesn\u2019t drift too far away from his own source material, though location is moved to L.A. as opposed to the Detroit of the novel. Thematic thrust centres around Mitchell being caught for his indiscretions and what the consequences of his actions means for all around him, quite often with devastating results. \r\n\r\nMitchell has to move about a seedy world of pornography, of cheap peekaboo bars, strip joints and snuff movies, he has to get to the level of his blackmailers so as to enact his plans with conviction. The three weasels played by Glover, Williams and Trebor are in turn slimy, menacing and a twitchy neurotic, an off-beat trio suitably framed by Frankenheimer\u2019s sleazy and cold world. \r\n\r\nIt may not be prime Frankenheimer but the director knows his noir onions, both in performances garnered from his strong cast and via his visual ticks. Characters are more often than not smoking or drinking liquor, sweating or looking pained as the camera gets up close and personal, the director even finds place for a bit of slatted shadow play in one sequence and menacing angled shards for another. \r\n\r\nSome contrivances are more annoying than hindrances, it\u2019s a bit bloodless for a picture not lacking in action scenes, and although the finale is signposted without due care and attention, it is still sufficiently rewarding. Decadence, sleaze, greed, paranoia and moral decay come crashing together to create a sadly neglected piece of 1980s neo-noir. A yuppie revenger where there are no heroes, just sinners and victims. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31043, 60971, 41944, 207772]}