{"tmdb_id": 186759, "title": "Get a Job", "original_title": "Get a Job", "slug_title": "get-a-job", "date": "2016-03-25", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Le r\u00e9cit suit les p\u00e9rip\u00e9ties d'un jeune dipl\u00f4m\u00e9 d'universit\u00e9 et de ses amis, forc\u00e9s d'abandonner leurs r\u00eaves une fois confront\u00e9s \u00e0 la r\u00e9alit\u00e9 de la vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ud9YiLyAdLDSQhJSVVTv2Pb6h56.jpg", "actors": ["Miles Teller (Will Davis)", "Anna Kendrick (Jillian Stewart)", "Bryan Cranston (Roger Davis)", "Nicholas Braun (Charlie)", "Brandon T. Jackson (Luke)", "Christopher Mintz-Plasse (Ethan)", "Alison Brie (Tanya Sellers)", "Marcia Gay Harden (Katherine Dunn)", "Jorge Garcia (Fernando)", "John Cho (Brian Bender)", "Cameron Richardson (Tara)", "Megan Gallagher (Abbey)", "Mimi Gianopulos (Cammy)", "John C. McGinley (Diller)", "Bruce Davison (Lawrence Wilheimer)", "Marc Maron (Hotel Manager)", "Greg Germann (Fernando)", "Tait Fletcher (Security Guard)", "Aaron Hill (Jason)", "Jamie Denbo (Sam's Mom)", "Seth Morris (Lon)", "Jeryl Prescott (Assistant Principal)", "Jay Pharoah (Skeezy D)", "Ravi Patel (Wick)", "Chester Tam (Hunter)", "Ethan Dizon (Kwan)", "Michael Mantell (Tom Wilson)", "Inkerbella (Coffee Shop Patron)", "Alizabeth Hamer (Young Jillian)", "Nik Tyler (Dex)", "David Carey Foster (James Gentry)", "Michael C. Mahon (Braddock)", "Julianne Alexander (Prostitute #2)", "Daniel Mandehr (Security Guard #2)", "Jordan Spaulding (Stand-In)", "Jackie Benoit (Old Woman)", "Parker Contreras (Sam)", "Chidi Ajufo (Security Guard)", "Allen Merritt (Strip Club Patron)", "Lamesha Vine (Prostitute #1)", "Richard Allan Jones (Strip Club Patron (uncredited))", "Maximiliano Hern\u00e1ndez (Businessman (Wilheimer Client))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Get a job, get along in a job, drugs, video game addiction, young generation.\r\n\r\nThis film delayed its release for a couple of years due to the distribution issues. That's not it, the film is no good, the writing was terrible, but a bunch of good actors in it. It is about the recent college graduates who struggles to get a job, even if they do, finds hard to fit in. A very good theme, but they failed to draw a decent storyline for it. I think they knew the film won't get a good response, so they used 'distribution issue' card to hold it back, but now it's out and the result was as expected.\r\n\r\nIt should have been called a drama than the comedy, because right now it lacks from those two categories. It digs on the topics like workplace bullying, harassment, as well as the youngsters' addiction to drugs and video games. In one of the scenes it emotionally appeals when the father tries to pay the bill in a restaurant. They had the right content, but lost in the translation to the screen. There's no proper flow in the story, they had tried too much, at a time it all remained very plain.\r\n\r\nThis is the second film to release in this year for Anna Kendrick and both of them did no good for her, especially this film fell short from a long distance. Same goes for Miles Teller and Bryan Cranston. I hope they all forget it and come strong in their next projects. A few people might like it, but not me. I like quality contents where this film is not one. Thankfully it was short, but only thing is it was not sweet.\r\n\r\n3/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I've never in my life met a person who felt special for receiving a \"participation trophy\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [333385, 316023, 386830, 286554]}