{"tmdb_id": 186925, "title": "WWE SummerSlam 1992", "original_title": "WWE SummerSlam 1992", "slug_title": "wwe-summerslam-1992", "date": "1992-08-29", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "9.3/10", "synopsis": "SummerSlam (1992) was the fifth annual SummerSlam. It took place on August 29, 1992 at Wembley Stadium, London, England but was aired in the United States on August 31.  The pay-per-view featured two main event matches. In the first, The Ultimate Warrior challenged Randy Savage for the WWF Championship. The Warrior won the match by count-out but did not win the title. In the other main event, The \"British Bulldog\" Davey Boy Smith pinned Bret Hart to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship. The WWF Tag Team Championship was also defended, as The Natural Disasters retained the championship belts in their match against the Beverly Brothers. One of the heavily promoted matches on the undercard was between Shawn Michaels and Rick Martel. The match, which had a special stipulation that the wrestlers could not hit each other in the face, ended in a double count-out.  The WWF considers the crowd to be the third largest live audience ever to attend a WWF/E event, with 80,355 in attendance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ocdpokUSN6c9XwP2ki1eq4ghBwp.jpg", "actors": ["Randy Savage (Randy \"Macho Man\" Savage)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "James Harris (Kamala)", "Brian Adams (Crush)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Repo Man)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Earhquake)", "Fred Ottman (Typhoon)", "Sherri Martel (Sensational Sherri)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (Animal)", "Michael James Hegstrand (Hawk)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Ted DiBiase (The Million Dollar Man)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (\"Hacksaw\" Jim Duggan)", "Jacques Rougeau (The Mountie)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}