{"tmdb_id": 18712, "title": "Iwo Jima", "original_title": "Sands of Iwo Jima", "slug_title": "iwo-jima", "date": "1949-12-14", "genre": "Action / Drame / Histoire / Guerre", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Le sergent John Stryker entra\u00eene durement ses marines avant le d\u00e9part pour la Guerre du Pacifique. Mais lorsque la bataille d'Iwo Jima s'engage, ses hommes comprennent le sens de son apprentissage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/85IthCPoIUHqmqU88DpPESHG9Ip.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Sgt John M Stryker)", "John Agar (Pfc Peter Conway)", "Adele Mara (Allison Bromley)", "Forrest Tucker (Pfc Al Thomas)", "Wally Cassell (Pfc. Benny Regazzi)", "James Brown (Pfc. Charlie Bass)", "Richard Webb (Pfc. 'Handsome' Dan Shipley)", "Arthur Franz (Cpl. Robert Dunne / Narrator)", "Julie Bishop (Mary)", "James Holden (Pfc. Soames)", "Peter Coe (Pfc. George Hellenpolis)", "Richard Jaeckel (Pfc. Frank Flynn)", "William Murphy (Pfc. Eddie Flynn)", "George Tyne (Pfc. Harris)", "Hal Baylor (Pvt. 'Sky' Choynski)", "John McGuire (Capt. Joyce)", "Martin Milner (Pvt. Mike McHugh)", "Leonard Gumley (Pvt. Sid Stein)", "William Self (Pvt. L.D. Fowler Jr.)", "David M. Shoup (Colonel D. M. Shoup)", "H.P. Crowe (Lt. Col. H. P Crowe)", "Harold G. Schrier (Captain Harold G. Schrier)", "Rene A. Gagnon (Pfc Rene A Gagnon)", "Ira H. Hayes (Pfc Ira H. Hayes)", "John H. Bradley (PM3c John H. Bradley)", "Conrad Binyon (Marine (uncredited))", "David Clarke (Wounded Marine (uncredited))", "Fred A. Datig (Marine (uncredited))", "Bruce Edwards (Marine (uncredited))", "Dorothy Ford (Tall Girl (uncredited))", "Carole Gallagher (USO Woman (uncredited))", "Fred Graham (Officer (uncredited))", "Don Haggerty (Colonel in Staff Car (uncredited))", "Gil Herman (Lt. Baker (uncredited))", "William Hudson (Marine (uncredited))", "I. Stanford Jolley (Forrestal (uncredited))", "Dickie Jones (Scared Marine (uncredited))", "Billy Lechner (Marine (uncredited))", "Mickey McCardle (Marine (uncredited))", "Roger McGee (Sailor (uncredited))", "Al Murphy (Bartender (uncredited))", "Frank O'Connor (Waiter in Bar (uncredited))", "Judy Sochor (USO Woman (uncredited))", "Glen Vernon (Marine (uncredited))", "Steve Wayne (Marine (uncredited))", "Dick Wessel (Grenade Instructor (uncredited))", "Ted White (Marine (uncredited))", "John Whitney (Lt. Thompson (uncredited))", "Joy Windsor (USO Woman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Life is tough, but it's tougher if you're stupid.\r\n\r\nSgt John M. Stryker is a battle hardened Marine who's job it is to prepare his new charges for the realities of war. With no care for making friends, Stryker does what ever it takes to make these men tough and ready for the Pacific conflicts to come. \r\n\r\nSands Of Iwo Jima is unashamedly proud in its jingoistic fervour, and rightly so. Iwo Jima, and the now immortal portrait of weary American soldiers hoisting the flag atop Mt. Suribachi, has become a bastion of bravery, a beacon of triumph if you will. So it's no surprise to find Allan Dwan's film has no intention if deviating from boasting its colours, and hooray to that. Here as Stryker we find John Wayne giving a bit more to his character portrayal than merely some beefcake winning the war. Wayne puts depth and sincerity into Stryker, an air of believability shines through as he shows vulnerability, we believe he can win this war with his men, but we also see tenderness and it lifts Sands higher than your average war picture. \r\n\r\nWise old director Dwan (432 directing credits to his name), weaves the picture together with admirable restraint. Fusing actual newsreel footage with his own tightly handled action sequences, Sands plays out as the tribute and rally call that it has every right to be, even finding place in the film for three of the soldiers who hoisted that now famous flag. Ira Hayes, Rene Gagnon and John Bradley are the three gentlemen to look out for. The rest of the cast don't really have to do much outside of respond to Wayne's two fold performance, but keep an eye out for a fresh faced Richard Jaeckel as Pfc. Frank Flynn, while I personally enjoyed the brief, but important contribution from Julie Bishop as Mary. \r\n\r\nWayne received a nomination for Best Actor at the Academy Awards (too bad for him that 49 contained brilliant shows from the winner Broderick Crawford & a bluderbus turn from Gregory Peck), with other nominations going to the Best Story, Editing and Sound categories. Ironically it was a role Wayne didn't fancy doing, but some encouragements from war veterans humbled him into starring. \r\n\r\nLock and load and saddle up for a top entry in the WWII pantheon. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52859, 40685, 53229, 1403]}