{"tmdb_id": 18721, "title": "Je suis un aventurier", "original_title": "The Far Country", "slug_title": "je-suis-un-aventurier", "date": "1954-07-22", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Western", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "En 1896, un aventurier taciturne, Jeff Webster, accepte la t\u00e2che p\u00e9rilleuse de guider, avec son partenaire Ben Tatum, un convoi \u00e0 travers les Rocheuses, et jusqu'\u00e0 Dawson. Mais la ville des chercheurs d'or est en proie \u00e0 la violence...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dgbmsB8tSo882peX2Z7rUPwNXxq.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Jeff Webster)", "Ruth Roman (Ronda Castle)", "Corinne Calvet (Renee Vallon)", "Walter Brennan (Ben Tatum)", "John McIntire (Judge Gannon)", "Jay C. Flippen (Marshall Rube Morris)", "Harry Morgan (Ketchum)", "Steve Brodie (Ives)", "Connie Gilchrist (Hominy)", "Robert J. Wilke (Madden)", "Chubby Johnson (Dusty)", "Royal Dano (Luke)", "Jack Elam (Newberry)", "Kathleen Freeman (Grits)", "Connie Van (Molasses)", "John Doucette (Miner Who Spills Gold Dust (uncredited))", "Cap Somers (Barfly at the Castle Dawson (uncredited))", "Brick Sullivan (Barfly at the Castle Dawson (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Is there something you want, Mr. Gannon?  \r\n\r\nCunning Western from a director who had few peers in the genre. Much like other Anthony Mann pictures, The Far Country blends a potent pot boiling story with an adroit knowing of impacting scenery. Both of which play out amongst some of Mann's peccadilloes like honour, integrity, betrayal and of course, death!\r\n\r\nThe story sees fortune hunting partners Jeff Webster (James Stewart) and Ben Tatum (Walter Brennan) travel to Oregon Territory with a herd of cattle. Aware of the blossoming gold-boom, they plan to make a tidy profit selling the cattle in a Klondike town. Arriving in Skagway they find self-appointed judge Mr. Gannon (John McIntire) ready to meet out justice to Webster on account of Webster having fractured the law, all be it with honest cause, along the way. In punishment Gannon takes the partners herd from them, but they steal them back and head across the Canadian border to Dawson - with Gannon and his men in hot pursuit. Here beautiful women and a meek and lawless town will fill out the destinies of all involved.\r\n\r\nInteresting from start to finish, The Far Country benefits greatly from James Stewart's bubbling (anti) hero in waiting portrayal and Mann's slick direction of the tight Borden Chase script. The cinematography from William H. Daniels is superlative, though not done any favours by current DVD prints, and the film has a few surprises and a \"will he wont he?\" core that's reeling the viewers in. \r\n\r\nPaying dividends on re-watches for hardened genre fans, it still remains something of an essential viewing for first timers venturing into the wonderful, yet dark, Western world of Anthony Mann and James Stewart. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38732, 36191, 1673, 18264]}