{"tmdb_id": 187473, "title": "Village of Tigers", "original_title": "E hu cun", "slug_title": "village-of-tigers", "date": "1974-01-12", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "The lead actress is Shu Pei Pei, who is quite forceful as a no-nonsense fighter decked out in an array of colorful swordswoman fashions. I've seen her in nine other films, although I don't recall any which featured her in an action role before. This one is the very last film she did, according to her IMDb filmography. It came at the very end of the Shaw Bros. swordswoman cycle, which had been dominated by Cheng Pei Pei and Shih Szu up to this time. Miss Shu is very good and I wish she'd played more roles like this. Her character is Miss Ba, whose brother is involved in some shady deals with the \"rascals\" from the title village. When he turns up dead, with a note implicating the film's hero, Luo Hong Xun, Ms Ba vows revenge and goes after Mr. Luo, even though she knew her brother was being used by the bad guys. Eventually, Miss Ba and Mr. Luo team up to seek out the real culprits, culminating in a stunning series of fight sequences in the \"village of tigers.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yIwaHSW3e8c1LkZGqoq6DhOks0I.jpg", "actors": ["Elliot Ngok (Luo Hong-Xun)", "Shu Pei-Pei (9th Miss)", "Karen Yip Leng-Chi (Bao Ying Hua)", "Tung Lam (Hero Bao)", "Wang Hsieh (Hu Jiao)", "Chan Shen (Jin Ling)", "Tang Ti (Ting Hu-Jian)", "Ng Wai (Grandma Ba)", "Tung Li (Ba Jie)", "Tong Tin-Hei (Long Er)", "Mars (Hero Bao's friend)", "Sammo Hung (Ba clan member)", "Jackie Chan (Bandit)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}