{"tmdb_id": 187596, "title": "Blackout total", "original_title": "Walk of Shame", "slug_title": "blackout-total", "date": "2014-05-02", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Meghan, pr\u00e9sentatrice t\u00e9l\u00e9 d'une trentaine d'ann\u00e9es, a pass\u00e9 une sale journ\u00e9e. Non seulement elle vient de se faire larguer par son fianc\u00e9, mais elle n'a pas obtenu la promotion qu'elle convoitait\u2026 Pour lui remonter le moral, ses copines l'emm\u00e8nent faire la f\u00eate toute la nuit. Mais le lendemain matin, elle se r\u00e9veille dans le lit d'un parfait inconnu, sans argent, ni t\u00e9l\u00e9phone portable", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cluZXMuaRzB8R1Jwfs84W1Xdmwv.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Banks (Meghan Miles)", "James Marsden (Gordon)", "Gillian Jacobs (Rose)", "Ethan Suplee (Officer Dave)", "Sarah Wright (Denise)", "Oliver Hudson (Kyle)", "Willie Garson (Dan)", "Vic Chao (Shift Captain / Dispatch)", "Lawrence Gilliard Jr. (Scrilla)", "Ken Davitian (Cab Driver)", "Alphonso McAuley (Pookie)", "Da'Vone McDonald (Hulk)", "Bill Burr (Officer Walter)", "P. J. Byrne (Moshe)", "Ann Reilly (Female Blooper Anchor #2)", "Liz Carey (Jordan)", "Gary Sievers (Hasidic Jew (uncredited))", "Jesse Erwin (Prankster)", "Chris Conner (Tommy)", "Sam Upton (Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Alex Wen", "content": "Director Steven Brill\u2019s last film was my least favorite movie of 2013 (Movie 43), so expectations were not exactly sky high for Walk of Shame. At first glance, the comedy starring Elizabeth Banks appears to be a mix between The Hangover and Anchorman. Unfortunately, it lacks the jokes or the charm that the former two films had.\r\n\r\nAfter having her boyfriend leave and thinking she lost a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity as an anchor in a major station, Meghan reacts as any young adult would, by getting sloppy drunk and engaging in a one night stand. After a successful night, she wakes to find out that she\u2019s now the top candidate for the anchor job, she just needs to get to work on time. \r\n\r\nForgetting her wallet and phone, Meghan proceeds to embark on the longest walk of shame ever.. On the way, she makes unlikely friends and goes through zany adventures to make it to the newsroom in time for evening news. That was the intention. Instead, Walk of Shame is a misogynistic, racist, unfunny escapade that fails to bring anything new to the comedy genre.\r\n\r\nThe issue with the film is that the derivation of humor stems from how different Meghan is from everyone else. Early on, Meghan encounters three black men, and sure enough she\u2019s scared that they\u2019re drug dealers evading the cops. Not only is her character racist, Brill\u2019s perspective encourages the audience to be racist. It turns out that these guys, Scrilla, Pookie, and Hulk, are nice gentlemen that\u2019s willing to help Meghan. This is suppose to be funny. The contrast from the expectation of how these gangbangers would act towards an attractive white woman and how the it plays out in the movie is suppose to be hilarious. These presumptions just come off senselessly offensive.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s not an isolated incident either. Meghan encounters an angry foreign taxi driver, a bunch of incompetent cops, and most damaging, the film paints Elizabeth Banks\u2019 character as a bumbling idiot. Foreigners can\u2019t be trusted, minorities are stereotypes and women are useless, Walk of Shame is an embarrassing concept built on damaging assumptions.\r\n\r\nPoor writing, unoriginal jokes and predictable characters are just icing on the cake for this crude attempt at humor. Steven Brill will have the audience leaving the theaters in a walk of shame with this one.\r\n\r\nRead more reviews at artisticritique.com"}], "recommandations_id": [193610, 193893, 268920, 50725]}