{"tmdb_id": 187689, "title": "Fearful Interlude", "original_title": "\u9b3c\u8a71\u9023\u7bc7", "slug_title": "fearful-interlude", "date": "1975-09-13", "genre": ["Horreur / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Accompanied by his old manservant, scholar Sung Li Ho (Hong Hoi) is on his way to the capital for the imperial exam. They spend a night in the house of Mrs. Yuan and Li Ho takes a fancy to her pretty daughter, Pei Fang (Dana). Li Ho is discovered by a maid peeping at Pei Fang as she takes a bath. He slips and falls into the bathtub, creating a most embarrassing situation. His old servant is also implicated and both are beaten up before being thrown out. Continuing their journey in the desolate countryside, they come across woodcutter Hsi Hsueh Kuei who puts them up for the night. Captivated by the beauty of the owner\u2019s two daughters, who are vampires, he spends a night with them and turns into a skeleton. Chased by the vampires, Shun Lai makes a narrow escape.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gxhwchoh5wd2Ln1faqZnOsimnTn.jpg", "actors": ["Wong Chung (Li (segment \"The Haunted House\"))", "Si Wai (Hsiao Chou (segment \"The Haunted House\"))", "Lau Luk-Wah ((segment \"The Haunted House\"))", "Lam Wai-Tiu ((segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Hung Mei (Chang Ma (segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Shum Lo ((segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Lee Sau-Kei (Fourth Uncle (segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Lui Hung ((segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Ma Siu-Ying ((segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Wang Hsieh (Detective Wang (segment \"The Cold Skeleton\"))", "Hong Hoi (Song Lihe (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Lau Wai-Ling (Fengzhen (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Dana (Yuan Pei-fang (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Lau Nga-Ying (Fengyin (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Wong Ching-Ho (Shunlai (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Hao Li-Jen (Old Logger (segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Man Sau ((segment \"A Wolf of Ancient Times\"))", "Locke Hua Liu (Hsiao Wang)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}