{"tmdb_id": 187790, "title": "Gunslinger", "original_title": "Gunslinger", "slug_title": "gunslinger", "date": "1956-06-01", "genre": "Action / Romance / Western", "score": "2.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wo729w5uALm1srnCXgGlalJwe2o.jpg", "actors": ["John Ireland (Cane Miro)", "Beverly Garland (Marshal Rose Hood)", "Allison Hayes (Erica Page)", "Martin Kingsley (Mayor Gideon Polk)", "Jonathan Haze (Jake Hayes)", "Margaret Campbell (Felicity Polk)", "Bruno VeSota (Zebelon Tabb)", "Chris Alcaide (Deputy Joshua Tate)", "Dick Miller (Jimmy Tonto)", "George Offerman, Jr. ()", "William Schallert (Marshal Scott Hood)", "Paul McGuire ()", "Aaron Saxon (Nate Signo)", "Louanna Gardner (Sadie (uncredited))", "Herman Hack (Barfly (uncredited))", "Kermit Maynard (Barfly (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Gunsligerette\r\n\r\nGunslinger is directed by Roger Corman and written by Charles B. Griffith and Mark Hanna. It stars John Ireland, Beverly Garland, Allison Hayes, Martin Kingsley, Jonathahn Haze and Chris Alcaide. Music is by Ronald Stein and cinematography by Frederick E. West.\r\n\r\nWhen the sheriff of Oracle, Texas, is murdered by outlaws, his widow Rose Hood (Garland) takes over as Marshal and sets about cleaning up the town...\r\n\r\nAs Roger Corman started out directing, a few years before he would turn his hand to the Edgar Allan Poe adaptations that would find him respect and leave his mark on cinema, he ventured into the realm of the Western. None of these Westerns were particularly good, in fact they are some of the lowest rated Westerns on IMDb, with Gunslinger currently at the bottom of the pile with a 2.8/10 weighted average! Yet, and it's really not a movie you would want to revisit often - if at all, there's a quirkiness and feminist angled bravery about the whole thing that earns a tiny bit of respect.\r\n\r\nThe problems are many. It's over talky and slow, and what action there is is so badly staged it comes off like an amateur playhouse production. Then there's the acting. Ireland kind of escapes criticism because he walks around in a dazed state, it's like he can't believe what he is doing there, you can see him thinking to himself that he was working for Howard Hawks and Anthony Mann not long ago! Garland is OK, spunky and at least correct in line deliveries and visual reaction to situations, and Hayes is sexy enough to get away with the incredulity of it all. The rest, however, are desperately poor, with some of them resorting to auto-cue type acting.\r\n\r\nVisually it's also poor, with barely dressed sets looking as fake as fake can be, especially when they shake as actors bump into them. Filmed in Pathecolor, the exteriors are sadly lifeless, the colours bland, and this in spite of the decent DVD print that I viewed. The sped up horse riding sequences raise a chuckle, while goof spotters will have a field day here. All told, with a weak and preposterous finale sealing the deal, it's a well below average \"Z\" grade Oater. One that's fun for the wrong reasons, but still! The sight of Garland blasting away with shotgun in hand, with star badge on chest, is a sexy image I shall not forget in a hurry! 3.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [278758, 41038, 31286, 81937]}