{"tmdb_id": 187739, "title": "The 82 Tenants", "original_title": "\u516b\u5341\u4e8c\u5bb6\u623f\u5ba2", "slug_title": "the-82-tenants", "date": "1982-08-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In \u201c82 Tenants\u201d the widow Zhang and Bing, her new young consort, want to sell an apartment house to a property developer but old man Zhang's will provided that the current tenants can stay there as long as they want or the building survives. So it is clear who the villains are\u2014joining the greedy couple is Chao who has purchased all the land around the building but needs this final piece so he can know everything down and build a money spinning edifice. One the other side are the tenants, a disparate group whose grudgingly and occasionally antagonistically shared communal life, while not ideal, is certainly better than not having a place to live.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8lPEHxqaY4sVCCFd31blskJgFkI.jpg", "actors": ["Kara Hui (Lisa)", "Gordon Liu Chia-Hui (Ah Hui)", "Charlie Cho (Zhen Da Chao)", "Pak-Cheung Chan (Ah Bing)", "Betty Ting Pei (Mrs. Chang)", "Lo Meng (Johnny)", "Margaret Lee (Da Lian)", "Robert Mak (Ah Shi)", "Liu Lai-Ling (Xiao Lian)", "Ku Feng (Dr. Long)", "Wong Yung (Master Luo Shi Hai)", "Yau Chui-Ling (Xiao Hong)", "Lau Hak-Suen (Uncle Po)", "David Lo (Ah Biu)", "Chun Wong (Fish Ball Shen)", "Anna Ng Yuen-Yee (Shen's Wife)", "Kan Yee-Ching (Yim She)", "Chan Shen (Sgt. Chiang)", "Teresa Ha Ping (Ah Xia)", "Walter Tso Tat-Wah (Mr. Zha)", "Jenny Liang (Fish Ball Zhen)", "Tsui Oi-Sam (Jia Mei Li)", "Yue Tau-Wan (Mr. Zha's Thug)", "Aai Dung-Gwa (Johnny's Boss)", "Mama Hung (Tenant)", "Kobe Wong Kam-Bo (Mr. Zha's Bald Thug)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}