{"tmdb_id": 18780, "title": "Coulez le Bismarck !", "original_title": "Sink the Bismarck!", "slug_title": "coulez-le-bismarck", "date": "1960-02-11", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "L' histoire de l'un des plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bre combats navals de la seconde guerre mondiale.  Durant le printemps 1941, le Bismarck, le cuirass\u00e9 le plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bre de l'Allemagne nazie, est coinc\u00e9 dans un port norv\u00e9gien.  Il parvient \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper et est pris en chasse par la Marine anglaise.  Commence alors une poursuite anthologique, un combat \u00e0 mort sur l'oc\u00e9an d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q8jlqzYUjlggYEYB6WjCMqw8SDk.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth More (Captain Jonathan Shepard)", "Dana Wynter (WRNS Second Officer Anne Davis)", "Carl M\u00f6hner (Captain Lindemann - 'Bismarck')", "Laurence Naismith (First Sea Lord Admiral Sir Dudley Pound)", "Geoffrey Keen (Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff  (A.C.N.S.))", "Karel Stepanek (Admiral Lutjens - 'Bismarck')", "Michael Hordern (Admiral Sir John Tovey, Commander-in-Chief - 'King George')", "Maurice Denham (Commander Richards)", "Michael Goodliffe (Captain Banister)", "Esmond Knight (Captain Leach - 'Prince of Wales')", "Jack Watling (RNVR Signals Officer)", "Jack Gwillim (Captain Wilfrid Patterson - 'King George V')", "Mark Dignam (Captain Maund - 'Ark Royal')", "Ernest Clark  (Captain Ellis - 'Suffolk')", "John Horsley (Captain - 'Sheffield')", "Peter Burton (Captain Philip Vian - 4th Destroyer of Flotilla)", "John Stuart (Captain Kerr - 'Hood')", "Walter Hudd (Admiral Holland - 'Hood')", "Sydney Tafler (Henry - First Workman, 'Prince of Wales')", "Sean Barrett (Able Seaman Brown)", "Thomas Waldron Price (Flag Lieutenant to First Sea Lord)", "Edward R. Murrow (Himself - Edward R. Murrow)", "John Stride (Tom Shepard, Captain Shepard's son, TAG - Ark Royal's Swordfish Squadron (uncredited))", "Peter Dyneley (Commander Jenkins (uncredited))", "Victor Maddern (Able Seaman Outside Admiralty (uncredited))", "David Hemmings (Seaman - 'Ark Royal' (uncredited))", "Johnny Briggs (Seaman - 'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Norman Shelley (Voice of Winston Churchill (uncredited))", "John Barron (Officer P.R.O (uncredited))", "Harold Goodwin (Airman on Phone (uncredited))", "Ian Hendry (Meteorological Officer on 'King George V (uncredited))", "Walter Gotell (Signals Officer Mueller on the 'Bismarck' (uncredited))", "Sam Kydd (Civilian Worker - 'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Glyn Houston (Able Seaman  - 'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Cameron Hall (Civilian Worker -  'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Peter Forbes-Robertson (Signalman  - 'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Michael Ripper (Able Seaman - Lookout on 'Suffolk' (uncredited))", "Michael Balfour (Able Seaman - Lookout on 'Suffolk' (uncredited))", "Graham Stark (Petty Officer Williams (uncredited))", "Olaf Pooley (Officer of the Watch - 'Sheffield'  (uncredited))", "Edwin Richfield (Bridge Officer  (uncredited))", "George Pravda (Damage Control Officer - Bismarck  (uncredited))", "Russell Napier (Air Vice Marshal  (uncredited))", "Edward Judd (Navigating Officer - 'Prince of Wales'  (uncredited))", "Bernard Lee (Firing Officer  (uncredited))", "Robert Brown (Gunnery Officer - 'King George V'  (uncredited))", "Max Butterfield (Dark Room Technician  (uncredited))", "Mark Burns (Naval Rating on Phone  (uncredited))", "Roy Castle (Able Seaman - 'Prince of Wales'  (uncredited))", "Victor Beaumont (Officer - 'Bismarck'  (uncredited))", "Richard Beale (Petty Officer on Phone  (uncredited))", "Donald Churchill (Able Seaman - 'Ark Royal'  (uncredited))", "Peter Cellier (First Lieutenant - Destroyer  (uncredited))", "John G. Heller (Lt. Becker - 'Bismarck'  (uncredited))", "Ronald Hines (Officer on Bridge - 'Prince of Wales'  (uncredited))", "Charles Houston (Airman - 'Ark Royal'  (uncredited))", "Patrick Jordan (SOE Agent in Norway  (uncredited))", "Ronald Leigh-Hunt (Somers - Officer 'King George V'  (uncredited))", "Hugh Latimer (Commander - War Room  (uncredited))", "Sean Lynch (Mail Clerk - 'Ark Royal'  (uncredited))", "Julian Somers (Civilian Worker - 'Prince of Wales' (uncredited))", "Michael Sarne (Hoffman - 'Bismarck' (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Zig-Zag Patterns and the Hunt for the Bismarck.\r\n\r\nSink the Bismarck! Is directed by Lewis Gilbert and adapted to screenplay by Edmund North from the book written by C.S. Forester. It stars Kenneth More, Dana Wynter, Carl M\u00f6hner, Laurence Naismith, Geoffrey Keen, Karel Stepanek, Michael Hordern and Maurice Denham. Music is by Clifton Parker and CinemaScope photography by Christopher Challis. \r\n\r\nWorld War II, the North Atlantic, the British Navy desperately tries to sink Germany's prime battleship. The scourge of the seas, The Bismarck. \r\n\r\nCracker-jack war movie that brings brains and brawn to the party. Instrumentally the pic is concerned with the officers back at headquarters (Moore outstanding), how they try to device a plan to capture and sink The Bismarck. The second guessing of its movements, the attempts to keep a lid on the emotional pains as news filters through about losses in battle, men missing in action, with some personal issues bubbling away to further compound the hot-bed of stress. \r\n\r\nThis all makes for a riveting and intelligent backdrop to the scenes out at sea. It's fascinating that as Winston Churchill was demanding that he didn't care how they did it, that they simply must destroy The Bismark, Hitler was sending out birthday greetings and pleasantries to his Naval commanders. The battle scenes are spanking, a mixture of real footage, great model work and superb effects, while the great Christopher Challis photographs it all in screen filling clarity. \r\n\r\nStiff upper lips at the ready for a truly great WWII movie. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "lwpcolonel", "content": "**l like \"Sink the Bismarck!\" enough to have watched it every year or so since its release in theaters in 1960. First on T.V., then VHS and finally DVD about 17 years ago. This is another film, like the \"Battle of the Bulge\", where different (simplified/fictionalized) other than historically correct people, especially English Admiralty and Planners, were used for theatrical effects. I have always enjoyed watching the film, but it is less historically accurate than the \"Pursuit of the Graf Spee\", aka, \"Battle of the River Plate\". For instance, Kriegsmarine Admiral Lutjens wasn't a Nazi and didn't give speeches aboard the Bismarck rallying the German's behind the Nazi cause. In fact, Lutjens, was under investigation, at the time of his death for having Jewish domestics in his household, and Kriegsmarine officers were barred from political affiliations beyond the mandatory \"Loyalty Oath\" to Adolph Hitler, which was part of a deal with the military establishment in exchange for shutting down the S.A. (\"Brown Shirts\"). Also, the correct, historic Admiralty figures, such as Admiral Tovey, are omitted as to specifics and the actual engagements with the Bismarck have some severe inaccuracies. \n\nIn the end, the Bismarck, whose Superstructure was a flaming wreck, because of 400+ rounds, mostly 16 inch caliber from the Rodney, at close range in the final 2 hours. The Bismarck's rudders, Range Finders, Fire Control radar and internal communications were non-functional by this point and the ship was ordered to scuttle, which only hastened the inevitable, due to progressive flooding. It wasn't a series of Torpedoes fired at the last minute as shown that sunk the Bismarck.\n\nAlso, the H.M.S. Hood, was never refitted or rebuilt, the way the other 20+ year old Capital ships were due to the war and the lack of free Dry-dock space. So while the Bismarck and Hood may have appeared equally matched, one was built and designed prior to the lessons learned at Jutland, in late May of 1916, regarding the British vulnerability to plunging fire due to thin deck armor and the Bismarck was the most recent Battleship to have been built, and without the constraints of the Washington or London Treaties which limited displacement and therefore armor. \n\nNevertheless, the Bismarck was seriously damaged by several 14\" sells that struck its Bow, from the Prince of Wales, during its engagement with the Hood, and was experiencing \"progressive flooding\" and leaking fuel tanks from the onset. This caused a loss of speed and the \"shipping of green water\" over its forecastle which increasingly reduced its combat effectiveness over time.\n\nIt is an interesting movie to watch, but the details and some of the important people were created from 'composite' characters or not accurately presented. Btw, due to \"Blast Damage\" from their own main batteries, the Rodney was damaged permanently as a result of the action and was limited to several bombardments of the Normandy coast (for instance) 3 years later and was used primarily as a base of operations for the British Admiralty. It was on its way to the U.S. for a long overdue major refit when it was recalled due to the Hood's sinking and was never fit for independent operations after the Bismarck action though it wasn't hit (blast damage from own guns)."}], "recommandations_id": [37921, 35284, 60792, 47332], "youtube_key": "zmfxl2oQGqI"}