{"tmdb_id": 187, "title": "Sin City", "original_title": "Sin City", "slug_title": "sin-city", "date": "2005-04-01", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Crime", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Sin City est une ville infest\u00e9e de criminels, de flics ripoux et de femmes fatales. Hartigan s'est jur\u00e9 de prot\u00e9ger Nancy, une strip-teaseuse qui l'a fait craquer. Marv, un marginal brutal mais philosophe, part en mission pour venger la mort de son unique v\u00e9ritable amour, Goldie. Dwight est l'amant secret de Shellie. Il passe ses nuits \u00e0 prot\u00e9ger Gail et les filles des bas quartiers de Jackie Boy, un flic pourri, violent et incontr\u00f4lable. Certains ont soif de vengeance, d'autres recherchent leur salut. Bienvenue \u00e0 Sin City, la ville du vice et du p\u00e9ch\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1wAAAjJhOsSjjg5Tms1E9XKuWAw.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (Det. John Hartigan)", "Mickey Rourke (Marv)", "Jessica Alba (Nancy Callahan)", "Clive Owen (Dwight McCarthy)", "Devon Aoki (Miho)", "Rosario Dawson (Gail)", "Benicio del Toro (Det. Lt. Jack \"Jackie Boy\" Rafferty)", "Michael Clarke Duncan (Manute)", "Alexis Bledel (Becky)", "Carla Gugino (Lucille)", "Josh Hartnett (The Salesman)", "Powers Boothe (Senator Roark)", "Rutger Hauer (Cardinal Patrick Henry Roark)", "Jaime King (Goldie/Wendy)", "Michael Madsen (Bob)", "Brittany Murphy (Shellie)", "Nick Stahl (Roark Jr./The Yellow Bastard)", "Elijah Wood (Kevin)", "Jude Ciccolella (Liebowitz)", "Jeffrey J. Dashnaw (Motorcycle Cop)", "Jesse De Luna (Corporal Rivera)", "Jason Douglas (Hitman)", "Tommy Flanagan (Brian)", "Rick Gomez (Douglas Klump)", "David H. Hickey (Juicer)", "Greg Ingram (Bouncer)", "Nicky Katt (Stuka)", "Helen Kirk (Maeve)", "John McLeod (Mercenary)", "Lisa Marie Newmyer (Tammy)", "Tommy Nix (Weevil)", "Nick Offerman (Burt Shlubb)", "Marco Perella (Skinny Dude)", "Randal Reeder (Man w/ Hitman)", "Jeff Schwan (Louie)", "Marley Shelton (The Customer)", "Frank Miller (Priest)", "Korey Simeone (Priest #2)", "Paul T. Taylor (Assistant DA)", "Rico Torres (Cop #2)", "Makenzie Vega Norfolk (Nancy (11 Years))", "Arie Verveen (Murphy)", "Patricia Vonne (Dallas)", "Ethan Maniquis (Bozo #1)", "Ken Thomas (Bozo #2)", "Chris Warner (Bozo #3)", "Ethan Rains (Bozo #4)", "Cara D. Briggs (Hearing Panel Person)", "Christina Frankenfield (Judge)", "Evelyn Hurley (Josie)", "Jason McDonald (Ronnie)", "Clark Middleton (Schutz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Visceral, Visionary, Visual, Sin City kicks the big un!\r\n\r\nThree grizzled stories from Basin City comprise the basis for Robert Rodriguez's adaptation of Frank Miller's graphic novels (Miller along for co-directing duties as well). Man mountain Marv is out to avenge a murdered hooker, Dwight attempts to help the red light girls stay independent from the mob, and aging cop Hartigan is trying to protect a beautiful dancer from a sadistic pervert.\r\n\r\nI think the first thing I should say is that I have no frame of reference as regards the adaptation here, I have never read (or seen) a Frank Miller story, but from what I can gather from the IMDb site is that fans of Miller's graphic stories were well pleased with the final result. I'm pleased to see that, because too many times comic book adaptations are roundly panned by the hard core fan base of each respective franchise for not being close to the spirit of the source, so here I'm doubly relieved mainly because I find Sin City to be a majestic assault on the senses.\r\n\r\nSin City is a stark place, full of seedy residents thriving on misery and mistrust, and here we are privy to three stories that only serve to remind us that we don't want to be anywhere near the place. Playing out as some sort of horror comic noir, Sin City is for sure a very violent picture, yet the violence is formed so perfectly in its style, it cloaks the film in artistic class. Once viewed, Sin City is never forgotten, and I for one literally do tip my hat towards Frank Miller & Robert Rodriguez for bringing such a great and interesting movie to the masses. All of the cast do great work, so I'll not single anyone out for praise, the techniques and the whole structure of the piece is quite simply marvellous, and as for the writing? Well get a load of it!\r\n\r\nSin City, a dark horrible place, Sin City, a wonderful wonderful movie. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [189, 755, 1992, 63]}