{"tmdb_id": 18807, "title": "Kansas Pacific", "original_title": "Kansas Pacific", "slug_title": "kansas-pacific", "date": "1953-02-22", "genre": ["Western / Action"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1860, juste avant la guerre civile, des s\u00e9cessionnistes du Sud tentent d'emp\u00eacher la construction d'une ligne de chemin de fer qui doit relier le Kansas \u00e0 la Californie. Une succession de sabotages menace l'ambitieux projet. Le capitaine Nelson est charg\u00e9 par les autorit\u00e9s du Nord de mettre un terme \u00e0 ces actes criminels. Arriv\u00e9 sur place, il tombe rapidement amoureux de la belle Barbara. Mais le devoir l'appelle...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cO4G1U2V8btb8qYoCUk5bvIYgox.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Hayden (Capt. John Nelson)", "Eve Miller (Barbara Bruce)", "Barton MacLane (Cal Bruce)", "Harry Shannon (Smokestack the Train Engineer)", "Tom Fadden (Gus Gustavson the Train Fireman)", "Reed Hadley (Bill Quantrill)", "Douglas Fowley (Max Janus)", "Robert Keys (Lt. Stanton (as Bob Keys))", "Irving Bacon (Casey)", "Myron Healey (Morey)", "James Griffith (Joe Farley)", "Clayton Moore (Henchman Stone)", "Jonathan Hale (Sherman Johnson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Built By Bullets, Dynamite And Blood Stained Spikes!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nKansas Pacific is directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Daniel B. Ullman. It stars Sterling Hayden, Eve Miller, Barton MacLane, Harry Shannon, Tom Fadden and Reed Hadley. A Cinecolor production with music by Albert Sendrey and cinematography by Harry Neumann.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n\"In the years preceding the War between the States, `Bleeding Kansas' was split down the middle. Being a border state-and not legally committed to either side-Kansas was almost torn apart by its two equally violent factions.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nA railroad to the West was being built. To the rapidly forming Confederacy, this line, if completed, could mean the difference between defeat and victory, because it could well become the lifeline for the Union's western military installations. \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSome Southern groups therefore, took strong steps to see that the Kansas Pacific did not reach completion. Northern interests, on the other hand, took equally strong steps to see that it did. All of this happened before any formal declaration of war, so neither side was really justified in the acts of total violence which resulted.\"\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a fictionalised account that would surely have the historians frothing at the mouth, but on its own modest terms Kansas Pacific is solid entertainment. It\u2019s 1860 and Hayden is an undercover Army engineer who is sent in to ensure that the railroad is built. Not easy because the construction is plagued by sabotage attacks by Southern Rebels led by William Quantrill (Hadley). \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThus the story follows a familiar path that sees Hayden viewed with suspicion by some, admired by others, and as the sabotage attempts increase in ferocity, so does Hayden\u2019s will to succeed. Some love action comes his way (Miller on dressage duties only), as does the chance for some stoic engine driving. The action is well staged by Nazarro, who oversees dynamite attacks and cannon warfare, and the location photography coupled with the train sequences are most pleasing.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nModest for sure, but performed well in the right areas and at 73 minutes in length it barely has time to annoy anyone but the history buffs. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72472, 77668, 233795, 107427], "youtube_key": "notfound"}