{"tmdb_id": 188207, "title": "La L\u00e9gende d'Hercule", "original_title": "The Legend of Hercules", "slug_title": "la-legende-d-hercule", "date": "2014-01-10", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Hercule, fils du plus puissant des dieux, ignore tout de l'incroyable destin\u00e9e qu'il s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 affronter. Celle qu'il aime va en \u00e9pouser un autre, beaucoup sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 le trahir ou \u00e0 le manipuler et, pour s'en sortir et sauver sa contr\u00e9e, il va devoir prouver sa valeur \u00e0 travers des \u00e9preuves hom\u00e9riques. La force ne suffira pas, il lui faudra d'autres atouts...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eIHrBHeqfQodgEjSPdZWh9b5lV3.jpg", "actors": ["Kellan Lutz (Hercules)", "Liam McIntyre (Sotiris)", "Gaia Weiss (Hebe)", "Scott Adkins (King Amphitryon)", "Roxanne McKee (Queen Alcmene)", "Liam Garrigan (Iphicles)", "Rade Serbedzija (Chiron)", "Johnathon Schaech (Tarak)", "Luke Newberry (Agamemnon)", "Kenneth Cranham (Lucius)", "Sarai Givaty (Saphirra)", "Dimiter Doichinov (King Galenus / Champion #1)", "Nikolai Sotirov (King Tallas)", "Radoslav Parvanov (Half Face / Champion)", "Spencer Wilding (Humbaba)", "Bashar Rahal (Battalion Commander)", "Vlado Mihailov (Battalion Commander)", "Renny Harlin (Officer Linus (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "You know what, the movie's visual effects were better than its actors. The acceptable stunts and graphics for a B movie, but the let down came from the performances. I don't know what happened to the director, he used to make the better movies in his early career and now he lost his way. Maybe the big stars don't believe in him that may lead him to recruit second stream actors.\r\n\r\nThe romance portions were too bad, no chemistry, physics, mathematics, nothing, but just an ordinary without the feelings. When it comes to the game of throne, that's looked okay as it scripted like 'snakes and ladders' game. Anyway, it was a well known story among most of us which was altered and told somewhat differently. Disappoint is there though still somehow watchable.\r\n\r\nDon't force yourself for this, because you are not going to miss any masterpiece. It's becoming a habit in Hollywood, like I already mentioned in a review a year ago that two same thematic movies coming out of a same period. So this time Dwayne Johnson's movie wins the race, according to the ratings and reviews across the internet, but I still have to see it first before compare them both."}], "recommandations_id": [100241, 76649, 184315, 64686], "youtube_key": "g0GMzQwO2l0"}