{"tmdb_id": 188238, "title": "Le Justicier de la Sierra", "original_title": "Panhandle", "slug_title": "le-justicier-de-la-sierra", "date": "1948-02-22", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "John Sands, un ancien pistolero, a raccroch\u00e9 ses armes depuis un moment et se consacre maintenant \u00e0 la gestion d'un petit commerce dans un village \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re du Mexique. C'est ainsi qu'il fait la connaissance de June O'Carroll, une jolie jeune femme. En discutant avec June, John apprend que son fr\u00e8re a l\u00e2chement \u00e9t\u00e9 abattu dans la petite ville de Centennial, par un groupe de cowboys \u00e0 la solde de Matt Gerson, le propri\u00e9taire du saloon de la ville qui contr\u00f4le une grande partie de la r\u00e9gion et qui y fait appliquer sa propre loi. John d\u00e9cide alors de mener une enqu\u00eate...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9UNussqmuKRynHQeLPMD0n5PLFN.jpg", "actors": ["Rod Cameron (John Sands)", "Cathy Downs (Jean 'Dusty' Stewart)", "Reed Hadley (Matt Garson)", "Anne Gwynne (June O'Carroll)", "Blake Edwards (Floyd Schofield)", "Henry Hall (Wells)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "John Sands: Even Billy the Kid backed down from him!\r\n\r\nPanhandle is directed by Leslie Selander and written by John C. Champion and Blake Edwards. It stars Rod Cameron, Cathy Downs, Reed Hadley, Anne Gwynne, Blake Edwards, Dick Crockett and Rory Mallinson. Music is by Rex Dunn and cinematography by Harry Neumann.\r\n\r\nJohn Sands (Cameron) has to return to his gunfighter ways when news reaches him that his brother has been murdered... \r\n\r\nFilmed in Sepiatone and a little more serious than many other 1940's Westerns, Panhandle is a satisfying experience for genre enthusiasts. Formula is rife as we would come to know it in Oaters, though, as picture ticks off the check list: badman turned good who is forced to turn bad again for revenge, romance tingling in the air, quick draw shoot-outs, punch-up, weasel villain and his hired cronies, poker games with the inevitable cheat called out and the \"hooray\" finale. All of which is nicely directed and performed by the cast. The location scenery doesn't get much chance to shine through, and in truth the Sepiatone does little to improve the picture, but this is easily recommended to the Western faithful. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}