{"tmdb_id": 188222, "title": "Entourage", "original_title": "Entourage", "slug_title": "entourage", "date": "2015-06-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Star hollywoodienne, Vincent Chase et ses potes, Eric, Turtle et Johnny, sont de nouveau dans la course, et en pleine n\u00e9gociation avec Ari Gold, ancien agent devenu patron de studio. Si leurs ambitions ont un peu \u00e9volu\u00e9, les liens qui les unissent sont toujours aussi forts. Tant mieux car ils vont devoir se frayer un chemin dans le monde impitoyable d'Hollywood\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lR4dwcfgCBMklKjiQXuFzRM3gfl.jpg", "actors": ["Jeremy Piven (Ari Gold)", "Adrian Grenier (Vincent Chase)", "Jerry Ferrara (Turtle)", "Kevin Connolly (Eric Murphy)", "Kevin Dillon (Johnny Chase)", "Billy Bob Thornton (Financier)", "Haley Joel Osment (Travis)", "Perrey Reeves (Melissa Gold)", "Emmanuelle Chriqui (Sloane)", "Rhys Coiro (Billy Walsh)", "Constance Zimmer (Dana Gordon)", "Nora Dunn (Dr. Marcus)", "Ronda Jean Rousey (Ronda Rousey)", "Kid Cudi (Allen)", "Emily Ratajkowski (Emily Ratajkowski)", "Alan Dale (John Ellis)", "Mark Wahlberg (Mark Wahlberg)", "David Arquette (David Arquette)", "Tom Brady (Tom Brady)", "Jessica Alba (Jessica Alba)", "Armie Hammer (Armie Hammer)", "Gary Busey (Gary Busey)", "Rob Gronkowski (Rob Gronkowski)", "Jon Favreau (Jon Favreau)", "Liam Neeson (Liam Neeson)", "Mike Tyson (Mike Tyson)", "Kelsey Grammer (Kelsey Grammer)", "Bob Saget (Bob Saget)", "George Takei (George Takei)", "Warren Buffett (Warren Buffett)", "Thierry Henry (Thierry Henry)", "Russell Wilson (Russell Wilson)", "David Spade (David Spade)", "Pharrell Williams (Pharrell Williams)", "Andrew Dice Clay (Andrew Dice Clay)", "Common (Common)", "David Faustino (David Faustino)", "Raquel Alessi (Jennifer)", "Rex Lee (Lloyd)", "Debi Mazar (Shauna)", "Nina Agdal (Bridgite)", "Piers Morgan (Piers Morgan)", "Ed O'Neill (Ed O'Neill)", "Judy Greer (Casting Director)", "Matt Lauer (Matt Lauer)", "Maria Menounos (Maria Menounos)", "Brittany Wagner (Sloan's Friend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Inside the Hollywood, from the young generation perspective.\r\n\r\nThe original series had a quite successful run for almost a decade. I haven't seen that, after seeing this film now I want to try it. So this movie is like a bonus episode for its fans, and for the cast and crew it was a reunion for the one last time. But I want a sequel, because I kind of liked it without familiarity with the original story and its characters. Anyway, it did not give me any trouble in understanding, particular this story. But obviously I know I am missing something in those scenes that directly has something to do with the series.\r\n\r\nWhat a simple tale about the film industry. It actually centered on a bunch of Hollywood actors and producers. When a lead actor wanted to direct his next film for the new production house, he gets a green signal, but the problem arises after production halts in the half way due to exceeding the original budget. All the struggle they go through, especially the studio head who acts between the filmmakers and their financiers is what narrated in this film.\r\n\r\nI don't know what they thought of this those who saw the series, but to me it was a pretty good comedy. Because I had no pressure to expect or to compare it with the original material like they do. The cast was wonderful. I got quite an unexpected and enjoyable twist. Since it was related to the motion pictures, some big film personalities' cameo brightened the overall film. If you want your watch to be a perfect, go through from the beginning, but like I did, you too can have a good time without viewing the series. That's not a recommendation, but a small suggestion.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [243938, 257091, 239573, 284296], "youtube_key": "Vz2HyCgUWh4"}