{"tmdb_id": 188719, "title": "Khamosh", "original_title": "Khamosh", "slug_title": "khamosh", "date": "1985-01-01", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3IcV8Mg3Zusk1em7nvcFF1xbfQ9.jpg", "actors": ["Amol Palekar ()", "Naseeruddin Shah ()", "Shabana Azmi ()", "Soni Razdan ()", "Sushma Seth ()", "Pankaj Kapur ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "anshumanoz", "content": "Khamosh (silent) is a murder mystery which tells the story of a film-unit shooting in Pahalgaam (Kashmir). The movie that the film-unit is shooting is titled as Aakhri Khoon (the last murder).\r\n\r\nThe treatment of the murder-based plot is impressive and at place, quite spine-chilling for the viewer. The movie is slow in the beginning but once the first murder takes place, it picks up speed and proves to be thoroughly engrossing for the spectator.\r\n\r\nTechnically, the movie is not superior. The film and the colours used in shooting and developing the shot stuff seem to be of not-so-good quality because the colours have faded in the print available now. Production value is not high. Editing is OK.\r\n\r\nPerformances are good. Almost all the artistes have done well. Seasoned actors like Shabana Aazmi, Amol Palekar, Nasiruddin Shah etc. have rocked the screen with their admirable performances. Supporting ones viz. Soni Raazdaan, Sushma Seth, Ajit Vachchhani, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Nony Ganguly,Virendra Saxena, Deepak Qazir, Avtar Gill, Sudhir Mishra (who later became film director) etc. are all perfectly fit in their respective roles. I personally liked the performance of Pankaj Kapoor the most."}], "recommandations_id": []}