{"tmdb_id": 188800, "title": "WWE WrestleMania VI", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania VI", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-vi", "date": "1990-04-01", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.6/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania VI was the sixth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event and the first to be held outside of the U.S. It took place on April 1, 1990 at the SkyDome in Toronto, Ontario with an announced then Skydome attendance record of 67,678.  The event is arguably best remembered for \"The Ultimate Challenge\" - the main event match which saw Hulk Hogan (WWF Champion) vs The Ultimate Warrior (WWF Intercontinental Champion), in which both championship titles were on the line. On February 3, 1990, a week after Hogan and Warrior crossed paths in the 1990 Royal Rumble Match, Hogan put forth \"The Ultimate Challenge\" to the Warrior, and had to know whether Hulkamania or the power of the Warrior was the strongest force in the World Wrestling Federation.  At WrestleMania VI, Brutus \"The Barber\" Beefcake was the first person to pin Mr. Perfect in a televised match, thus ending Perfect's lengthy undefeated streak.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t3uK8FhJauibxk7bcrwe83LCjHJ.jpg", "actors": ["The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Richard Erwin Rood (Rick Rude)", "James Reiher (Jimmy Snuke)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Himself)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Himself)", "Adolph Bresciano (Himself)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Virgil Riley Runnels, Jr. (Dusty Rhodes)", "Elizabeth Hulette (Miss Elizabeth)", "Randy Savage (\"Macho King\" Randy Savage)", "Sherri Martel (Sensational Sherri)", "Bobby Heenan (Himself)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Roddy Piper (Himself)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Tonga Fifita (Haku)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "James Ware (Koko B. Ware)", "Steven Kenneth Lombardi (Brooklyn Brawler)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Earthquake)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [197149, 58964, 53195, 58600], "youtube_key": "notfound"}