{"tmdb_id": 18892, "title": "Jawbreaker", "original_title": "Jawbreaker", "slug_title": "jawbreaker", "date": "1999-01-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Trois jolies jeunes filles d\u00e9cident de faire une farce a une amie. Kidnapp\u00e9e pour rire, Liz meurt accidentellement, \u00e9touff\u00e9e par un jawbreaker, une confiserie ambulante. Courtney, Jullie et Marcie d\u00e9cident de maquiller leur crime. Seulement Fern Mayo, une pauvre fille a qui personne ne fait attention, en a trop entendu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pjgsvVxxMR2DjjCyeHMoMJLzXds.jpg", "actors": ["Rose McGowan (Courtney Shayne)", "Rebecca Gayheart (Julie Freeman)", "Julie Benz (Marcie Fox)", "Judy Greer (Fern Mayo)", "Pam Grier (Detective Vera Cruz)", "Carol Kane (Ms. Sherwood)", "Chad Christ (Zack Tartak)", "Ethan Erickson (Dane Sanders)", "Tatyana Ali (Brenda)", "Charlotte Ayanna (Liz Purr)", "Jeff Conaway (Marcie's Father)", "William Katt (Mr. Purr)", "P.J. Soles (Mrs. Purr)", "Marilyn Manson (The Stranger)", "Vylette Fagerholm (Make-Up Monger #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Similar to \u201cHeathers\u201d and has some highlights, but it\u2019s not compelling enough \r\n\r\nAfter a high school girl (Charlotte Ayanna) accidently dies in a prank, her three besties cover it up (Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart & Julie Benz). They\u2019re forced to allow a shy, unpopular girl into their clique because she knows the truth (Judy Greer). Pam Grier is on hand as a detective while The Donnas perform a couple songs at the prom.\r\n\r\n\u201cJawbreaker\u201d (1999) is a black comedy high school flick with similarities to \u201cHeathers\u201d (1988), elements of \u201cCarrie\u201d (1976) and influenced \u201cMean Girls\u201d (2004). It\u2019s unique enough to stand on its own and is arguably on par with \u201cHeathers\u201d and the overrated \u201cMean Girls,\u201d but it\u2019s not as good as \u201cCarrie\u201d or its excellent sequel, \u201cThe Rage: Carrie 2,\u201d which was released the same year.\r\n\r\nMcGowan is great as the alluring biyatch while Gayheart looks too old for the part at 27 during shooting, not to mention nigh anorexic. Two years after the film\u2019s release, Rebecca hit a Hispanic kid with her car in Los Angeles and killed him, which tripped up her career.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s decent, has a great soundtrack and is worthwhile if you favor the cast, but don\u2019t expect the greatness of teen flicks like \"Clueless\" (1995) and \"Fast Times at Ridgemont High\" (1982). The movie\u2019s stylish enough and has its highlights, yet the story\u2019s just not that compelling and I found myself relatively bored.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 27 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles, Downey & Culver City, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [16406, 16723, 13824, 9100], "youtube_key": "jB5Z9Fz7Spc"}