{"tmdb_id": 189003, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 1988", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 1988", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-1988", "date": "1988-11-24", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series (1988) was the second annual Survivor Series pay-per-view professional wrestling event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on November 24, 1988 (Thanksgiving night in the United States) and was held at the Richfield Coliseum, in Richfield, Ohio.  The main event was a ten-man Survivor Series match between a team captained by The Mega Powers (Hulk Hogan and WWF Champion Randy Savage) and a team captained by The Twin Towers (Akeem and The Big Boss Man). Hogan and Savage were the sole \"survivors\" of the match. The undercard featured three Survivor Series matches between mid-card wrestlers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yxvBvdgESFICD1FbYTI6f1YypT2.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Randy Savage (\u201cMacho Man\u201d Randy Savage)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Jim Morris (Hillbilly Jim)", "James Ware (\"Birdman\" Koko B. Ware)", "Elizabeth Hulette (Miss Elilzabeth)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "Ted DiBiase (\"The Million Dollar Man\" Ted DiBiase)", "Bobby Heenan (Bobby \"The Brain\" Heenan)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Richard Erwin Rood (\"Ravishing\" Rick Rude)", "Adolph Bresciano (Himself)", "Harley Race (Himself)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Hacksaw Jim Duggan)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Jake \"The Snake\" Roberts)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Davey Boy Smith (Himself)", "Thomas Billington (The Dynamite Kid)", "Bret Hart (Bret \"Hitman\" Hart)", "James Henry Neidhart (Jim \"The Anvil\" Neidhart)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "The Honky Tonk Man (The Honky Tonk Man)", "Ronald Heard (\"Outlaw\" Ron Bass)", "Dan Marsh (\"Dangerous\" Danny Davis)", "Greg Valentine (Greg \"The Hammer\" Valentine)", "Jimmy Hart (\"The Mouth Of The South\" Jimmy Hart)", "Owen James Hart (The Blue Blazer)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus \"The Barber\" Beefcake)", "Jacques Rougeau (Himself)", "Sione Vailahi (The Barbarian)", "Paul Centopani (Paul Roma)", "Raymond Rougeau (Himself)", "James Harrell (Boris Zhukov)", "Martin Lunde (Arn Anderson)", "Tully Arthur Blanchard (Himself)", "Ken Patera (Himself)", "Terry Taylor (The Red Rooster)", "George Gray (Akeem)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Terry Szopinski (The Warlord)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}