{"tmdb_id": 18934, "title": "Arthur's Missing Pal", "original_title": "Arthur's Missing Pal", "slug_title": "arthur-s-missing-pal", "date": "2006-08-22", "genre": ["Animation / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "No overview found.When Arthur's dog Pal disappears, Arthur must enlist the help of his friends to track him down. While Pal discovers his newfound freedom, Arthur discovers how much he misses his dog. Good thing Arthur has the gang to turn to--especially his best friend, Buster Baxter who dusts off his old detective gear to get on the case. This canine quest leads Arthur and Buster across Elwood city, deep into the bowels of an ice cream factory, past a giant cow on ice skates, and right up to the point where all hope seems lost. Could the solution to this caper, though, be right in front of Arthur's eyes? And why has DW been acting funny so lately? One thing's for certain, Arthur is determined to get to the bottom of this case. Follow Arthur, Buster, and all their friends through the streets of Elwood City as they sniff out clues and chase after leads...and learn a valuable lesson about friendship, teamwork, and responsibility", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p0UDF7ImnAVtmK7LQYetY6dIU0v.jpg", "actors": ["Carr Thompson (Arthur Read)", "Daniel Brochu (Buster Baxter)", "Luciano Rauso (D. W. Read)", "Bailey Lauren (Francine Frensky)", "Nichole Blanchard (Muffy Crosswire)", "James Burkholder (Alan \"The Brain\" Powers)", "Bruce Dinsmore (Binky Barnes / David Read)", "Wendee Lee (Prunella / Mary Moo Cow)", "Catherine Lavin (Jane Read)", "Marc Graue (Mr. Kone)", "Madison Danielle (Tommy Tibble)", "Max Burkholder (Timmy Tibble)", "Chuck Buell (Waiter)", "Michael Dawson (Arena Tech)", "Doug Stone (TV Detective)", "Dave Mallow (TV Announcer)", "Lara Cody (Baby Kate)", "Yvette Kaplan (Pal)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "EuKMnWiaEZs"}