{"tmdb_id": 18979, "title": "Capitaine Kronos, tueur de vampires", "original_title": "Captain Kronos: Vampire Hunter", "slug_title": "capitaine-kronos-tueur-de-vampires", "date": "1974-04-07", "genre": ["Aventure / Horreur"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Le capitaine Kronos et son assistant Hyeronimos Grost, tueurs de vampires professionnels enqu\u00eatent sur de myst\u00e9rieux assassinats. Les victimes se sont visiblement faites aspirer leur \u00e9nergie vitale. Kronos en d\u00e9duit qu'il s'agit des m\u00e9faits d'une race particuli\u00e8re de vampires. Son investigation le conduit chez une certaine Lady Durward.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j2Vfuzh18uNHcgV7nzwLmldA7aL.jpg", "actors": ["Horst Janson (Captain Kronos)", "John Cater (Professor Hieronymous Grost)", "Caroline Munro (Carla)", "John Carson (Dr. Marcus)", "Shane Briant (Paul Durward)", "Lois Daine (Sara Durward)", "Ian Hendry (Kerro)", "Wanda Ventham (Lady Durward)", "William Hobbs (Hagen)", "Brian Tully (George Sorell)", "Lisa Collings (Vanda Sorell)", "Olga Anthony (Lilian)", "Susanna East (Isabella Sorell)", "Robert James (Pointer)", "Perry Soblosky (Barlow)", "Elizabeth Dear (Ann Sorell)", "Penny Price (Whore)", "Peter Davidson (Big Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hampire, Campire, Vampire.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nCaptain Kronos \u2013 Vampire Hunter is written and directed by Brian Clemens. It stars Horst Janson, John Cater, John Carson, Caroline Munro, Shane Briant, Lois Daine and Wanda Ventham. Out of Hammer Film Productions, music is by Laurie Johnson and cinematography by Ian Wilson.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nSwashbuckling vampire slayer Captain Kronos (Janson) answers the call of his friend Dr. Marcus (Carson) to investigate the mysterious goings on in the village of Durward. Young women are being drained of all their youth, left at deaths door old and haggard. Aided by his trusty hunchbacked assistant, Professor Grost (Cater), Kronos\u2019 search for the truth takes him to the Durward family estate\u2026\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOne of the last great Hammer Horror movies, Captain Kronos \u2013 Vampire Hunter has done well to rise through the decades as a sort of culty camp horror classic. Initial plans were for it to hopefully kick start a series that would see Kronos fighting evil at any given place in time; Doctor Who with a sword and a taste for the ladies if you like. Clemens had some grand ideas for the movie, but was quickly brought down to earth when he was handed the production\u2019s paltry budget. Barely released in Britain with little to no publicity, and this nearly two years after the film had wrapped! Kronos has had to fight more than one battle just to get recognised. Thankfully the advancements in home entertainments have ensured it a deserved place in the upper echelons of Hammer\u2019s output.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe film is a collage of genres, part horror, part comedy, part swashbuckler adventure and part saucy seaside postcard romp, but it all works so well in the pursuit of making the audience have a good time. The writing flips the vampire legend away from the norm, infusing the narrative with a new vampyric foe. This crafty sod can operate in the daytime as it drains not blood, but youth! As the genius Professor Grost tells us, there are many types of vampires, and different methods are needed to execute any of them on any given day. So this isn\u2019t a case of Kronos tracking down the guilty and using one of the trusty old methods used on Drac, oh no! Kronos and Grosty have to use trial and error to see what will work for this particular beastie. Wonderful!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOn his journey Kronos liberates a beauty from the stocks, poor Carla (Munro) was found guilty of dancing on a Sunday, she can count herself lucky it wasn\u2019t a stronger punishment. So cue mucho sexual shenanigans and barely concealed innuendo between the two pretty ones, with suggestive conversations about having each other and some fondling of the sword. Kronos will also waylay bullies, he has no tolerance for meat heads and cuts them down faster than Zorro ever could. This guy is a hero to the common people, an action man of substance and cunning guile, he likes to drink and toke, it\u2019s criminal that he didn\u2019t get his own series or sequels.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nUnder scrutiny the low budget is evident, where bare minimum of set dressing for the interiors and extended exterior shots are a necessity, while you might be surprised to realise there actually isn\u2019t that many people in the story! But Clemens does a marvellous job with what he had to work with, really zipping it along and blending so many genre flavours with consummate ease. It\u2019s a shame this was to be his only film directing effort. He even gets sparky performances from his cast, managing to sexualise Munro without flashing the flesh and turning Janson\u2019s stiffness into one of the film\u2019s assets!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nCaptain Kronos \u2013 Vampire Hunter, a ball of fun that sticks its tongue firmly into its pulpy bloody strewn cheek. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [39043, 28801, 34023, 29049], "youtube_key": "lcv-KNAK7vI"}