{"tmdb_id": 189, "title": "Sin City : J'ai tu\u00e9 pour elle", "original_title": "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For", "slug_title": "sin-city-j-ai-tue-pour-elle", "date": "2014-08-20", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans une ville o\u00f9 la justice est impuissante, les plus d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9s r\u00e9clament vengeance, et les criminels les plus impitoyables sont poursuivis par des milices.  Marv se demande comment il a fait pour \u00e9chouer au milieu d'un tas de cadavres. Johnny, jeune joueur s\u00fbr de lui, d\u00e9barque \u00e0 Sin City et ose affronter la plus redoutable crapule de la ville, le s\u00e9nateur Roark. Dwight McCarthy vit son ultime face-\u00e0-face avec Ava Lord, la femme de ses r\u00eaves, mais aussi de ses cauchemars. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, Nancy Callahan est d\u00e9vast\u00e9e par le suicide de John Hartigan qui, par son geste, a cherch\u00e9 \u00e0 la prot\u00e9ger. Enrag\u00e9e et bris\u00e9e par le chagrin, elle n'aspire plus qu'\u00e0 assouvir sa soif de vengeance. Elle pourra compter sur Marv\u2026  Tous vont se retrouver au c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Kadie's Club Pecos de Sin City\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1UOgOvUBcLkfIdAQlCMaps86zq8.jpg", "actors": ["Mickey Rourke (Marv)", "Jessica Alba (Nancy)", "Josh Brolin (Dwight)", "Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Johnny)", "Rosario Dawson (Gail)", "Bruce Willis (Hartigan)", "Eva Green (Ava)", "Powers Boothe (Senator Roark)", "Dennis Haysbert (Manute)", "Ray Liotta (Joey)", "Stacy Keach (Wallenquist)", "Jaime King (Goldie / Wendy)", "Christopher Lloyd (Kroenig)", "Jamie Chung (Miho)", "Jeremy Piven (Bob)", "Christopher Meloni (Mort)", "Juno Temple (Sally)", "Marton Csokas (Damien Lord)", "Jude Ciccolella (Lt. Liebowitz)", "Julia Garner (Marcie)", "Lady Gaga (Bertha)", "Alexa PenaVega (Gilda)", "Patricia Vonne (Dallas)", "Bart Fletcher (Flint)", "Alejandro Rose-Garcia (Buzz)", "Samuel Davis (Frat Boy #3)", "Mike Davis (Frat Boy #4)", "Kimberly Cox (Lillian)", "Alcides Dias (Tony)", "Vincent Fuentes (Abdul)", "Billy Blair (Louie)", "Rob Franco (Luigi)", "Daylon Walton (Gordo)", "Eloise DeJoria (Joey's Wife)", "Bob Schreck (Mulgrew)", "Lawrence Varnado (Boogaard)", "Jimmy Gonzales (Jacoby)", "Tommy Townsend (Wino Old Timer)", "Robert Lott (Cowboy)", "Gregory Kelly (Godzilla)", "Patrick Sane (Gorgo)", "Greg Ingram (Mothra)", "Will Beinbrink (Lawyer)", "Dimitrius Pulido (Maitre d')", "John Wirt (Heavy)", "Emmy Robbin (Flamethower)", "Luis Albert Acevedo Jr. (Security Guard #1)", "Christian Bowman (The Man)", "Johnny Reno (Weevil)", "Callie Hernandez (Thelma)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a movie that you have to really watch. You cannot sit and divide your time between the movie and reading a book or glancing at your tablet. Doing that would be like watching half a painting. This movie is all about the graphical presentation. Its use of live actors yet with a cartoonish black and white (emphasize on black) look with some occasional splatter of colors is absolutely marvelous. Look down and you miss something. The background voice a\u2019la old fashioned detective story only serves to reinforce the feeling of being dumped into an old cartoon.\r\n\r\nThe story, or rather stories, are cartoon class material as well and not really much to write home about by themselves. They serve well enough to drive this particular movie though. The main actors where fitting right in and making a very enjoyable performance as far as I am concerned. Well, with the possible exception of Bruce Willis who mostly just stood around looking sad but then his role was a rather unrewarding one in the first place. I definitely liked Mickey Rourke as the rather exaggerated tuff guy Marv.\r\n\r\nThis is a violent movie. Like Kill Bill violent if you know what I mean. If this movie would have been made as an ordinary live action movie without the cartoonish elements and the timely switch to silhouette images it would be grossly violent. Again, the cartoonish setting of the movie makes it simply work. Still, the movie is not for the squemish but then, this is the second Sin City movie, it is based on an existing cartoon and Robert Rodriguez had his hand in it so if you are surprised you either went into the wrong show room or should start to do a bit more research before deciding to watch something.\r\n\r\nI did find the fact that the movie actually revolved around two different stories a bit distracting though. A minor complaint but I was really expecting them to somehow get intertwined all through the movie and was a tad disappointed when the second story finished and so did the movie.\r\n\r\nBottom line is that I quite enjoyed this movie. It is really a movie that stands out from the crowd in its use of black and white imagery and cartoon characters. It is black, grim and funny at the same time and for a photography interested person like me the imagery is really beautiful."}], "recommandations_id": [187, 106747, 23631, 1992]}