{"tmdb_id": 18, "title": "Le Cinqui\u00e8me \u00c9l\u00e9ment", "original_title": "The Fifth Element", "slug_title": "le-cinquieme-element", "date": "1997-05-07", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9gypte, 1914. Un groupe de Mondo-shawans d\u00e9barque sur Terre afin de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer quatre pierres repr\u00e9sentant les quatre \u00e9l\u00e9ments de la vie, afin de les soustraire \u00e0 l'arriv\u00e9e imminente de la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale. Ils promettent de les rapporter dans 300 ans, lorsque le Mal reviendra, afin d'\u00e9tablir une paix durable. Mais \u00e0 leur retour, trois si\u00e8cles plus tard, leur vaisseau est d\u00e9truit et les pierres disparaissent myst\u00e9rieusement. Cependant, dans les d\u00e9combres se trouve une main, \u00e0 partir de laquelle les scientifiques parviennent \u00e0 reconstituer Leeloo (Leeloo Mina Lekatariba-Laminatcha Ekbat De Sebat) qui n'est autre que le cinqui\u00e8me \u00e9l\u00e9ment, une jeune femme dot\u00e9e d'\u00e9tonnantes facult\u00e9s. Alors qu'elle s'enfuit, elle tombe dans un taxi conduit par Korben Dallas...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8nx8sttha1Zidt73SbNncVfSwqk.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (Korben Dallas)", "Gary Oldman (Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg)", "Ian Holm (Father Vito Cornelius)", "Milla Jovovich (Leeloo)", "Chris Tucker (Ruby Rhod)", "Luke Perry (Billy)", "Brion James (General Munro)", "Tom Lister Jr. (President Lindberg)", "Lee Evans (Fog)", "Charlie Creed-Miles (David)", "Tricky (Right Arm)", "John Neville (General Staedert)", "John Bluthal (Professor Pacoli)", "Mathieu Kassovitz (Mugger)", "Christopher Fairbank (Mactilburgh)", "Kim Chan (Mr. Kim)", "Julie T. Wallace (Major Iceborg)", "Al Matthews (General Tudor)", "Ma\u00efwenn (Diva Plavalaguna)", "Mac McDonald (Flying Cop)", "Indra Ov\u00e9 (VIP Stewardess)", "Genevieve Maylam (Stewardess)", "Jason Salkey (Cop)", "Michael Culkin (Hefty Man)", "Hon Ping Tang (Munro's Captain)", "Vincenzo Pellegrino (Ground Crew)", "Richard Leaf (Neighbour)", "Ivan Heng (Left Arm)", "Sonita Henry (President's Aide)", "Tim McMullan (Scientist's Aide)", "George Khan (Head Scientist)", "John Hughes (Head of Military)", "Roberto Bryce (Omar)", "Said Talidi (Aziz)", "Clifton Lloyd Bryan (Mondoshawan / Mangalore Aknot / Airport Guard)", "Justin Lee Burrows (Mondoshawan)", "Richard Ashton (Mondoshawan)", "Jerome St. John Blake (Mondoshawan)", "Kevin Molloy (Mondoshawan / Ground Crew)", "Bill Reimbold (Mactilburgh's Assistant)", "Colin Brooks (Staedert's Captain)", "Anthony Chinn (Mactilburgh's Technician)", "Sam Douglas (Chief NY Cop)", "Derek Ezenagu (NY Cop)", "David Kennedy (Flying Cop)", "David Barrass (Flying Cop)", "Roger Monk (Flying Cop / Military Technician)", "Mark Seaton (Flying Cop)", "Jean-Luc Caron (Flying Cop)", "Riz Meedin (Flying Cop)", "Jerry Ezekiel (Flying Cop)", "Rachel Willis (Stewardess)", "Natasha Brice (Stewardess)", "Sophia Goth (Check-in Attendant)", "Martin McDougall (Warship Captain)", "Pete Dunwell (Diva's Manager)", "Paul Priestley (Cop)", "Stewart Harvey-Wilson (Ruby Rhod Assistant)", "David Fishley (Ruby Rhod Assistant)", "Carlton Chance (Ruby Rhod Assistant)", "Gin Clarke (Diva's Assistant)", "Vladimir McCrary (Human Aknot)", "Aron Paramor (Mangalore Akanit)", "Alan Ruscoe (Mangalore Kino)", "Christopher Adamson (Airport Cop)", "\u00c8ve Salvail (Tawdry Girl)", "Kaleem Janjua (Shuttle Pilot)", "Tyrone Tyrell (Shuttle Co-Pilot)", "Kevin Brewerton (Shuttle Mechanic)", "Ian Beckett (Baby Ray)", "Sonny Caldinez (Emperor Kodar Japhet)", "Zeta Graff (Princess Achen)", "Eddie Ellwood (Roy von Bacon)", "Yui (Fhloston Hostess)", "Laura De Palma (Fhloston Hostess)", "Lenny McLean (Police Chief)", "Robert Oates (Fhloston Commander)", "John Sharian (Fhloston Captain)", "Fred Williams (Hotel Manager)", "Sibyl Buck (Zorg's Secretary)", "Sarah Carrington (Scientist)", "Ali Yassine (Scientist)", "Sean Buckley (Scientist)", "Dane Messam (Military Technician)", "Nathan Hamlett (Military Technician)", "Cecil Cheng (Military Technician)", "Scott Woods (Lab Guard)", "Leon Dekker (Lab Guard)", "David Garvey (Staedert's Technician)", "Stanley Kowalski (Staedert's Technician)", "Omar Williams (Staedert's Technician)", "Robert Clapperton (Robot Barman)", "Robert Alexander (Warship Technician)", "Mia Frye (TV Stewardess)", "Leo Williams (Power Operator)", "C. Keith Martin (Power Operator)", "J.D. Dawodu (Zorg's Man)", "Patrick Nicholls (Zorg's Man)", "Shaun Davis (Zorg's Man)", "Roy Garcia (Zorg's Man)", "Alex Georgijev (Zorg's Man)", "Marie Guillard (Burger Assistant)", "Renee Montemayor (Burger Assistant)", "Stina Richardson (Burger Assistant)", "Kristen Fick (Glamorous Alien Diva at Event)", "Fran\u00e7ois Guillaume (Mondoshawan #3)", "Anita Koh (Japanese Hostess)", "Kamay Lau (Glamorous Japanese Girl)", "Tracy Redington (Stewardess)", "Gito Santana (VIP Lounge Worker)", "Frank Senger (Bodyguard)", "Joss Skottowe (Mangalor alien)", "Roger Wright (Afro Scott)", "John Bennett (Priest)", "Nicole Merry (VIP Stewardess)", "Stacey McKenzie (VIP Stewardess)", "Josie Perez (Stewardess)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "This movie is one of the best movies of all time! It has a great story lines and graphics of it's time and even to today's standards it is brilliant. The world is well though out and well demonstrated. Zorg is a great bad guy, played by Gary Oldman and Bruce Willis plays his role very well. All in all a excellent movie."}, {"pseudo": "Matt Golden", "content": "A simple enough concept: Guy must save a World (in the Future!) from Evil! by protecting a Magical Macguffin, only in this case it\u2019s a Girl! instead of a Thing.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s really not a lot of story here. Not a lot of character either. Why waste valuable screen time with such paltry concerns when you can instead have Chris Tucker prancing around as a flamboyant radio host in the most annoying cinematic sci-fi supporting character not created by George Lucas? Instead, the film casts actors who do a fair job of acting simply by being themselves: Bruce Wills is Korben Dallas, a brawny, shoot-first hero who, when the chips are down, is brawny and shoot-firsty. The Magical Girlfriend MacGuffin, Leeloo, is played by Mila Jovovich (in her breakout performance) and some strategically-placed wrappings (the wrappings have had a harder time breaking into more mainstream roles). Ian Holm turns up as the Old Mentor, and filling out the cast is Gary Oldman as the antagonist Zord (in his hammiest role ever).\r\n\r\nThe film seriously rises to the level of made-for-SciFi Channel-original and no higher. The plot is nonsensical, the acting committed but laughable, and the dialogue so stiff you\u2019d think the script pages had been starched.\r\n\r\nSo where does the film go legitimately wrong? Two main places: first, Besson carries on the proud tradition of French filmmakers doing weird things solely for the sake of being weird. The entire film is filled to the brim with the kind of idiosyncratic touches that I\u2019ve come to expect from that region. Most of the bits don\u2019t work, but I\u2019ll give them credit for keeping things interesting.\r\n\r\nThe second, more serious issue is another that seems to plague genre French directors, and that\u2019s the whole matter being played (largely) for farce. The most successful (creatively) American (sci-fi/)action films are defined in very large part by their villain. This film, like so many other sci-fi/action films I\u2019ve seen from French directors, never establish or maintain an element of power for the villains over the heroes. The villains are painted as clueless, moronic, out of their depth, or outright incompetent. That tradition continues here. What would Star Wars be without Darth Vader? Die Hard without Hans Gruber? Aliens without\u2026uh, aliens?\r\n\r\nLacking a strong (or even memorable) central villain (we have two: a Gary Oldman so hammy I\u2019m pretty sure Muslims couldn\u2019t work on the film, and the other being a giant planet-size ball of\u2026Pure!Evil! No joke.), the film sacrifices the one shot it had at having some kind of weight or dimension. There\u2019s no sense of danger or peril, no chance that the Hero won\u2019t triumph, and [spoilers!] the day is essentially saved by a Care Bear stare.\r\n\r\nSo, does what I\u2019ve just said make it bad? Well, yes. Let\u2019s try again. Does that made it unenjoyable? No, and it\u2019s an important distinction to make. The film is an interesting curiosity. After a half-hour of the bizarre, if you can let yourself be swept into its idiosyncratic world you\u2019ll find a perfectly watchable B (or C)-movie. It rankles a bit to think about how much was wasted making dreck this dreck-y, but it\u2019s entertaining dreck."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Ever since I first watched The Fifth Element in the late 90s, I've been inspired by Gary Oldman's Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Negative, I am a meat Popsicle.  \r\n\r\nIt's 2259 and the Earth is in mortal danger from pure evil. The only hope Earth has is something called the fifth element, which comes in the form of the newly cloned Leeloo. Along with an ex forces cab driver and a priest called Cornellius, Leeloo must piece it together before the end of mankind arrives.\r\n\r\nDepending on which side of the fence you sit on, The Fifth Element is either a child fantasy made by an adult, or an adult fantasy made by a child! Here in lies the problem that many critics and movie watchers can't agree on. Just what does Luc Besson's film want to be? Having conceived the concept for his film at a very early age, Besson I think waited until he was comfortable with his adult eyes, and armed with the technological advancements in the late 90s, to realise his vision. With the result being a beautiful piece of science fiction that is, yes- cartoonish in every other frame.\r\n\r\nCrucial though is that Besson's futuristic vision of New York dominates proceedings, not even a villain overdrive from Gary Oldman can detract from the colourful vistas that Besson has crafted. The sea has dropped and New York is awash with flying cars, there are no take aways anymore, the Chinese junks fly to your front door to serve you food, how cool is that? Shape shifting aliens are amongst us, who in the context of this Jean-Paul Gautier clothed universe, blend in effortlessly, and opera divas are strangely beautiful and blue creatures. In short, the film is an art direction treat, a feast for the eyes, even as the comedy and action take control in the final third.\r\n\r\nBruce Willis quickly leaves behind his successful trip to harder edged roles (Twelve Monkeys) to play super cabbie Korben Dallas. Gun toting and with a quip at every turn, this is the Willis that the MTV generation loves and adores. Oldman, for better or worse as Zorg, gives a memorable performance (oh my, is that a Southern American accent?), but it's with Mila Jovovich (Leeloo) that the film gets its acting spurs. A pure revelation, it begs the question on why Jovovich has failed to progress in the acting world? (stop doing tripe like Resident \"will work for food\" Evil films would be a good start).\r\n\r\nSci-fi fans will obviously get the point that the support cast features Ian Holm (Alien) and Brion James (Blade Runner), which off sets the annoying and painful turn from Chris Tucker as zany, insecure DJ Ruby Rhod (is Besson having a pop at world DJs here I wonder?). To leave us with what? A film that mildly suffers from its director giving way to his heart over his head, but hey baby, it's one groovy and enjoyable romp from start to finish regardless. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [562, 280, 563, 218]}