{"tmdb_id": 190469, "title": "Redirected", "original_title": "Redirected", "slug_title": "redirected", "date": "2014-01-10", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "3 amis braquent une partie clandestine de poker, en impliquant un quatri\u00e8me ami sans le mettre au courant (il conduit le van et les attend sur le parking). Ils volent au passage la bague d'un truand. Et lorsque les 4 amis, qui voulaient s'enfuir en Malaisie, se retrouvent en Lituanie \u00e0 cause d'une \u00e9ruption volcanique en Islande qui d\u00e9tourne leur vol (oui, je sais, c'est tordu), le truand va les traquer dans toute l'Europe de l'est pour r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer son fric et sa bague.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aHHSpdLKiwlXqyTBQNmwufrLKcb.jpg", "actors": ["Vinnie Jones (Golden Pole)", "Scot Williams (Michael)", "Gil Darnell (Johnny)", "Vytautas \u0160apranauskas (Algis)", "Aurimas Melie\u0161ius (Vycka)", "Oliver Jackson (Tim)", "Anthony Strachan (Ben)", "Andrius \u017diurauskas (Staska)", "Artur Smolyaninov (Doncius)", "Andrius Paulavi\u010dius (Yelling driver)", "Marius Rep\u0161ys (Staska's guy#1)", "Mantas Stonkus (Staska's guy#2)", "Mindaugas Papinigis (Vova)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Drunk Scottish Football Fan#1)", "Augustas Slikas (Drunk Scottish Football Fan#2)", "Marius Slezas (Drunk Scottish Football Fan#3)", "Karina Stungyt\u0117 (Ruta)", "Sonata Visockait\u0117 (Zita)", "Gabija Siurbyt\u0117 (Hotel Receptionist #1)", "Dovil\u0117 Karali\u016bt\u0117 (Hotel Receptionist #2)", "Bronius Kindurys (Bronius)", "Vitalijus Cololo (Andzeika)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When the gangsters from the west meets the east.\r\n\r\nI don't recall that I have ever seen a Lithuanian film prior to this. Well, it was jointly produced with the Britain and an English language film. But most of film sets in the Lithuania, so there are many dialogues in the local and other eastern European languages. The cast was brilliant from both the countries, and an awesomely shot film too. The pace was excellent with a simple story, there are no boring parts.\r\n\r\nIt totally surprised me. You know this film got a mixed response, so I was not sure about giving it a try. Anyway, I went on, but now I feel it is worth suggesting others as well. It is a road film, gangster theme as well, especially clash of the two gangs from the two different nations. It all begins when a group of friends decides to rob a criminal gang and leave the country for once. But due to their flight was redirected to Eastern Europe the misadventure begins.\r\n\r\nIt was similar to 'Lost in Thailand'. I had so much fun watching it. Sometimes a film like this does not need a good story, but performances really counts and that's why I liked it. It is not a multiple times watchable film, but for once and twice, the entertainment is guaranteed. There is a possibility for a sequel and I would definitely yes for that.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [227300, 243935, 237756, 256731]}