{"tmdb_id": 19096, "title": "Retour aux Philippines", "original_title": "Back to Bataan", "slug_title": "retour-aux-philippines", "date": "1945-05-30", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Guerre"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "La Seconde Guerre mondiale, aux Philippines. L'histoire d\u00e9bute le 30 janvier 1945, sur l'\u00eele de Lu\u00e7on, avec la lib\u00e9ration de Cabanatuan, un camp de prisonniers de guerre de l'arm\u00e9e imp\u00e9riale japonaise. Cette op\u00e9ration a \u00e9t\u00e9 conduite par le capitaine Andr\u00e9s Bonif\u00e1cio (Jr.), petit-fils d'Andr\u00e9s Bonifacio, un h\u00e9ros de la r\u00e9volution philippine, contre l'avis de son sup\u00e9rieur, le colonel Joseph Madden. Bient\u00f4t, ce dernier re\u00e7oit l'ordre de mener \u00e0 Lu\u00e7on des op\u00e9rations de gu\u00e9rilla, en collaboration avec les r\u00e9sistants philippins. Il b\u00e9n\u00e9ficiera pour ce faire de l'aide de Dalisay Delgado (fianc\u00e9e \u00e0 Bonif\u00e1cio), travaillant en apparence pour l'administration \u00e0 la solde de l'empire du Japon. Cette gu\u00e9rilla est men\u00e9e en pr\u00e9vision des op\u00e9rations de d\u00e9barquement am\u00e9ricaines constituant la pr\u00e9misse de la Campagne des Philippines.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nfoHUCIXIzKX1AhkWOXEmCKmHzI.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Colonel Joseph Madden)", "Beulah Bondi (Bertha Barnes)", "Anthony Quinn (Captain Andres Bonifacio)", "Fely Franquelli (Dalisay Delgado)", "Richard Loo (Maj. Hasko)", "Philip Ahn (Col. Coroki)", "Alex Havier (Sgt. Bernessa)", "'Ducky' Louie (Maximo Cuenca)", "Lawrence Tierney (Lt. Cmdr. Waite)", "Leonard Strong (Gen. Homma)", "Paul Fix (Bindle Jackson)", "Abner Biberman (Japanese Captain)", "Vladimir Sokoloff (Se\u00f1or Buenaventura J. Bello)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I send out 100 men, they find nothing. I send out ten men, they don't come back.\r\n\r\nIs it churlish to complain about overt flag waving in war movies? Or to decry propaganda prose in the same? Back to Bataan is guilty as charged, yet such is the composition of Edward Dmytryk's film, and its focus on a part of the war we rarely have seen on film, it matters not.\r\n\r\nWe are in 1942, and after the fall of the Philippines to the Japanese, U.S. Army Col. Joseph Madden (John Wayne) stays behind to lead the local guerrilla resistance against the Japanese army. With that synopsis it isn't hard to figure out what sort of pic we are going to get, yet to purely consider this as a macho beefcake movie is a little unfair.\r\n\r\nSure it's bookended by blistering action, as Duke Wayne (very restrained turn actually) and Anthony Quinn cut a swathe through the RKO sound stages, but there's lots of intelligent human interactions here to mark it as being in the least knowing of the campaign.\r\n\r\nIt often grasps for the sentimental branch, while the racist barbs and portrayal of the Japanese does sting at times. But this is exciting and thoughtful stuff, boosted no end by Dmytryk's sturdy direction and Nicholas Musuraca's monochrome photography (a film noir lovers dream pairing!). Better than routine war movie. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37214, 43506, 33474, 122211], "youtube_key": "g9mgHN26V_o"}