{"tmdb_id": 191077, "title": "Beat Girl", "original_title": "Beat Girl", "slug_title": "beat-girl", "date": "2013-05-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "For Heather music is everything. Following in her mother's footsteps, Heather has always dreamed about getting into Juilliard and becoming a classical pianist. But all her dreams get shattered the day her mum dies. Left with nothing but a piano and debts, Heather's only option is to move in with her estranged father and half-brother. When her application for a scholarship is rejected, Heather's last hope to see her Big Dream come true is swept away. Until one day she meets Toby, a hip and handsome music store owner who opens up a whole new world to her - the world of DJ-ing and dance music. Heather is carried away by this enticing underground world, and her heart starts to beat again to the rhythm of a new life - and a new love. Heather eventually finds herself torn between two worlds of music and as her audition approaches, time comes for her to choose. And for the first time in her life she starts questioning what it is that she really desires.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cRvorPqIseTznnb3D8ijk6LOWkF.jpg", "actors": ["Louise Dylan (Heather)", "Percelle Ascott (Mike)", "Michael Higgs (Tom)", "Miles Richardson (Ed)", "Hilary Rose (Laila)", "Alfie Browne-Sykes (Freddie)", "Jose Mantero (Sebastian Castro)", "Laura Hitchings (Rival collection model)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "w_RoBGpNGfs"}