{"tmdb_id": 19129, "title": "Le Retour du docteur Mabuse", "original_title": "Im Stahlnetz des Dr. Mabuse", "slug_title": "le-retour-du-docteur-mabuse", "date": "1961-01-01", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Le premier des films \u00ab Dr Mabuse \u00bb non dirig\u00e9 par Fritz Lang, les Fran\u00e7ais / retour Allemand / Italien du docteur Mabuse stars Wolfgang Preiss dans le r\u00f4le titre. Soi-disant mort et enterr\u00e9, Mabuse retourne \u00e0 ses activit\u00e9s criminelles, une fois de plus en utilisant larbins hypnotis\u00e9s pour mener \u00e0 bien son sale boulot. Alors que depuis longtemps ennemi inspecteur Lohmann (Gert Froebe) des sondes et des aiguillons de sa fa\u00e7on m\u00e9thodique habituelle du doc, d\u00e9tective am\u00e9ricain Lex champion Barker et une fille dauntless journaliste Daliah Lavi prennent plus approche directe pour \u00e9liminer Mabuse. Cette fois, le m\u00e9decin veut saboter diaboliques un r\u00e9acteur nucl\u00e9aire, puis prendre dans le monde (il ne fait jamais rien \u00e0 moiti\u00e9). Retour du docteur Mabuse est sorti en Europe comme Im Stahlnetz des Dr. Mabuse, Le Retour Du Docteur Mabuse et le FBI Contro Dr Mabuse; dans certaines villes am\u00e9ricaines.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xPnL1XxmUJ4WdAtICJaa6typwYd.jpg", "actors": ["Gert Fr\u00f6be (Kommissar Lohmann)", "Lex Barker (Joe Como)", "Daliah Lavi (Maria Sabrehm)", "Wolfgang Preiss (Dr. Mabuse)", "Werner Peters (B\u00f6hmler)", "Rudolf Forster (Professor Julius Sabrehm)", "Rudolf Fernau (Pfarrer Brietenstein)", "Ady Berber (Alberto Sandro)", "Herbert Wei\u00dfbach (Leichenbeschauer)", "Albert Bessler (Tr\u00f6dler)", "Fausto Tozzi (Warden Wolf)", "Joachim Mock (Detective Voss)", "Laura Solari (Mrs. Pizarro)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "As I generally greatly detest sequels, reboots and the like, especially of great filmic franchises created and led by outstanding filmmakers (ie., the Mabuse character and Fritz Lang) I initially had quite guarded reservations about seeing Reinl's version here. But it had significant strengths that made me quickly realize my fears were undeserved and that I, in fact, was in for a treat. The pace is whipcrack, the plot is intense and in Commissioner Lohmann, the villainous 'Goldfinger' (an excellent Gert Fr\u00f6be) pulls off a gritty cross between an Ed Asner and a Popeye Doyle-era Gene Hackman. I love how one of the ways Mabuse resorts to do away with pests pays homage to Lang's 'The Testament of Dr. Mabuse' from three decades prior. It certainly made me wary of churches, one-legged men and even laundry workers, for crying out loud, and part of the fear the film brings across is because in the back of our minds, we know this is precisely how the Nazis operated, studying fluoride as a mind-control agent. If there is any negative I got from the film, the Berlin police department (good ol' Lohmann notwithstanding) seemed the most unintelligent and incompetent sleuthing force this side of Inspector Clouseau. Definitely recommended for fans of thrillers and spy films."}], "recommandations_id": []}