{"tmdb_id": 191698, "title": "2 Jacks", "original_title": "2 Jacks", "slug_title": "2-jacks", "date": "2012-08-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Jack Hussar is a legendary Hollywood director, whose persona commands respect and adoration from his fans. Can his son, Jack Jr. maintain his legacy?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q6EmDawN7SEcEjzLNZYojq6WEmd.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Huston (Jack Hussar Sr.)", "Sienna Miller (Diana)", "Jack Huston (Jack Hussar Jr.)", "Richard Portnow ()", "Billy Zane (Max Faraday)", "Jacqueline Bisset (Diana - 2010)", "Izabella Miko ()", "Scott Burn ()", "Rosie Fellner ()", "Jamie Harris ()", "David Lipper ()", "Demetrius Navarro ()", "Lydia Hearst ()", "Julie Marcus ()", "Guy Burnet ()", "Ian Duncan ()", "Daniel Faraldo ()", "Daniel O'Meara ()", "Julia Verdin ()", "Peter Foldy ()", "Carly Steel (Madeline)", "Laura Clery (Ann)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bshafer", "content": "Writer/Director Bernard Rose continues in his series of Tolstoy adaptations with his latest Two Jacks, starring Danny Huston and Jack Huston. Danny Huston plays once successful and revered Hollywood director Jack Hussar. Upon his return to Los Angeles, Jack hopes to procure financing for his newest project. Jack with, his nightly attendance to glamorous parties and continuous smoking make him a classic Hollywood filmmaker. But he is not without a bit of compassion or clever thinking. Following a lifetime later is Jack's son, who shares both his name and passion for filmmaking. Not to mention his charm and reputation. Jack Jr. as his journey begins also aspires to procure financing for his filmmaking debut. \r\n\r\nThe two Jack's do well to carry themselves with confidence and a touch of arrogance in some cases, but not without sympathy or flaw. The cinematography speaks with an artistic new wave cinema v\u00e9rit\u00e9 style. The color is tinted in Jack Sr. scenes giving the impression of a time in film long gone. Unfortunately, this sort of filmmaking is not for everyone. However I found this to be done due to the unique vision of the director.\r\n\r\nFor those familiar with the style or Roses previous work, Two Jacks is sure to please with its solid performances and artistic storytelling."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "LwtVEnRMzUM"}