{"tmdb_id": 191703, "title": "Pioneers in Ingolstadt", "original_title": "Pioniere in Ingolstadt", "slug_title": "pioneers-in-ingolstadt", "date": "1971-05-19", "genre": [""], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "German filmmaker Rainer Werner Fassbinder directs the made-for-TV melodrama Pioneers in Ingolstadt, based on the play by Marieluise Fleisser. The film opens as a parade of soldiers are marching through a town square singing patriotic songs. Alma (Irm Hermann) and Berta (Hanna Schygulla) are watching them and musing about their ideas on men and relationships. The soldiers (often referred to as pioneers) have been given the task of building a bridge in the town. Alma seems to understand that the soldiers only want her for short sexual encounters, so she's prepared to live her life accordingly. Meanwhile, romantic Berta falls in love with self-centered soldier Karl (Harry Baer), who all but tells her to get lost. The soldiers get drunk and beat up a random passerby. The women grow to hate Alma for her acceptance of life as a sex object. Na\u00efve Berta is ultimately humiliated.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6zgVzJghNiKYGs45XGq3JgCvOcj.jpg", "actors": ["Hanna Schygulla (Berta)", "Harry Baer (Karl)", "Irm Hermann (Alma)", "Klaus L\u00f6witsch (The Sergeant)", "Ulli Lommel (Zeck)", "G\u00fcnther Kaufmann (Max)", "Carla Egerer (Frieda)", "Walter Sedlmayr (Fritz)", "Rudolf Waldemar Brem (Fabian)", "Ulli Lommel ()", "Gunter Kr\u00e4\u00e4 (Gottfried)", "Elga Sorbas (Marie)", "Kurt Raab ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}