{"tmdb_id": 19171, "title": "Le masque arrach\u00e9", "original_title": "Sudden Fear", "slug_title": "le-masque-arrache", "date": "1952-08-01", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Lester est un acteur dans le besoin, mari\u00e9 \u00e0 une riche dramaturge. Il d\u00e9cide de supprimer cette derni\u00e8re avec l'aide de sa ma\u00eetresse, afin d'h\u00e9riter de l'argent l\u00e9gu\u00e9 sur le testament de l'\u00e9crivain. Mais l'\u00e9pouse tromp\u00e9e a un magn\u00e9tophone o\u00f9 par m\u00e9garde, le complot mont\u00e9 contre elle y a \u00e9t\u00e9 enregistr\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jQ10FXiWaXeWuZ5iAnHtzS7rf11.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Crawford (Myra Hudson)", "Jack Palance (Lester Blaine)", "Gloria Grahame (Irene Neves)", "Bruce Bennett (Steve Kearney)", "Virginia Huston (Ann Taylor)", "Mike Connors (Junior Kearney)", "Bess Flowers (Party Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steve", "content": "noiroftheweek.com\r\n\r\nThe Homme Fatale in Sudden Fear \r\n\r\n\u201cSee, I\u2019m not the kind of man who can live on his wife\u2019s money.\u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nWe\u2019re twenty-four minutes into the film Sudden Fear when we realize that the main male character, actor Lester Blaine played by Jack Palance is rotten, and it\u2019s this knowledge that acts as a suspense builder in this taut noir film\u2014a tale of greed, adultery and murder. Up to this point, we\u2019ve just suspected Lester\u2019s intentions, but now our doubts are proved correct. Sudden Fear, a woman-in-jeopardy noir with Joan Crawford playing heiress, Myra Hudson\u2014is the tale of a woman who may meet a foul end at the hands of her deceptive, less-than-loving husband, Lester. For a large chunk of the action, Myra is oblivious to her husband\u2019s evil intentions, but since the plot lets the audience in on the threat, we are committed to the suspense from the start. As spectators, we know that Myra is in danger, and so we are riveted to Lester\u2019s devious plan to rid himself of a wife he so obviously loathes. \r\n\r\nSudden Fear based on a novel by Edna Sherry, brought Crawford her third and final Oscar nomination for Best Actress. Directed by David Miller this 1952 film was the first picture Crawford made for RKO after asking to be released from her Warner Bros. contract. Crawford hated her last Warner Brothers film--This Woman is Dangerous. The film cast her in a rather spongy, implausible role as a female gangster who loses her eyesight and then turns soft and weepy when faced with a possible future as a happy little housewife. For noir fans, Sudden Fear showcases Crawford in one of her most powerful roles. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nWhen Sudden Fear begins, wealthy playwright Myra Hudson is in New York casting for her new play. Lester Blaine lands the part of the leading man, but during rehearsals, Myra finds him lacking as a romantic hero. She abruptly, publicly, and rather callously fires him on the spot. Myra\u2019s advisors think she\u2019s making a mistake, but since Myra always gets her way, a disgruntled and bitter Lester exits the stage. \r\n\r\nMyra\u2019s play is a raging success, and she\u2019s due to return home to San Francisco by train. Is it coincidence that Lester Blaine just happens to turn up as a passenger on the same train? Myra seems to think so, but in light of Lester\u2019s humiliation, somehow, his statement that he has no hard feelings towards Myra just doesn\u2019t feel right. On the train journey to San Francisco, Lester entertains and woos Myra, and by the time they reach their destination, Myra is in love. Lester seems to be the perfect lover, and he certainly has perfected the symptoms of an enamored man. He\u2019s attentive, sensitive and gentle, and Myra, who\u2019s smitten by the romance, seems oblivious to the differences in their ages and social status. \r\n\r\nMyra may be swept along with Lester Blaine\u2019s smooth style, but for audience members, that niggling doubt remains. At this point, however, Lester\u2019s game may be mean-spirited revenge, or perhaps he\u2019s a pathetic loser after her money. But one brilliantly constructed scene clarifies Lester\u2019s manipulation and Myra\u2019s vulnerability. Lester fails to show up for an evening at Myra\u2019s splendid home, and Myra ditches her guests to seek out her missing beau. While she dashes to his hotel, we see Lester pacing back and forth, waiting only for Myra\u2019s arrival to begin a performance that involves his pride, a suitcase and a one-way trip back to New York. It\u2019s with this scene and its clever camera shots that Lester is revealed as the center of power in the relationship, less-than-sincere and dangerously manipulative in his professions of love. \r\n\r\nAfter we become aware of Lester\u2019s true intentions, the suspense moves away from the question of what Lester is capable of to when and how Myra will have an \u201caccident.\u201d The plot plays with scenes at Myra\u2019s gorgeous coastal cliff top home. The steep stairway to the ocean, carved into rock offers the perfect location for a nasty accident. Since the audience knows that Lester has evil intentions towards his wealthy wife, we are riveted to Myra\u2019s nimble walk (in high heels) down the rocky staircase. We can wince all we want at the spectacle of Myra\u2019s potential danger, but we are powerless to warn her. \r\n\r\nAnother clever device used as a suspense builder by the film is the use of Myra\u2019s recording machine. The plot reveals this nifty little piece of technology early in the film\u2014along with a demonstration of its abilities. The machine is a crucial part of the plot, but as it turns out, machinery may be relied on for its usefulness, but it\u2019s still subject to the vagaries of human emotion. \r\n\r\nThe plot thickens when tarty, brash Irene Neves (Gloria Grahame, one of my all-time favorite noir stars) arrives on the scene as Lester\u2019s vicious love interest. Irene hasn\u2019t been invited to San Francisco, but she wheedles her way into Myra\u2019s exclusive set nonetheless. Greedy and amoral, she accelerates Lester\u2019s desire for wealth, and together they make a lethal combination of lust, violence and murderous design. Clever camera shots of reflected images in mirrors reveal the main characters\u2019 true emotions\u2014Myra\u2019s lawyer\u2019s distrust of Lester, Irene planning murder, Lester\u2019s mask of loving, doting husband suspended, and Myra horrified by just how far she\u2019ll go. \r\n\r\nThe film\u2019s plot is as well rounded as a Greek tragedy, with just desserts for those who concoct evil ends for others. But it\u2019s the delivery of those just desserts that makes for riveting viewing. The city of San Francisco assumes a spectacular role in Sudden Fear. The film includes great shots of the city, and it\u2019s played here as both an ambivalent setting for nefarious actions, and also as a rat\u2019s maze in the frenzied, final action-packed scenes. The city\u2019s inanimate beauty serves to highlight urban indifference to its inhabitants\u2019 actions.\r\n\r\n\r\nSudden Fear gives Crawford a terrific role and gives her the chance to act her heart out. Here she\u2019s the tough, cold businesswoman who melts with Lester\u2019s continued interest. Weakened by emotion and threatened by violence, she spends one hysterical terror-filled night in the shifting shadows of her bedroom before going on the offensive in the no-one-fucks-with-Joan role fans love so much. The fact that Myra is a successful playwright is artfully weaved into the story when she imagines she can write her way out of a real-life problem just as she would write a script for one of her plays. Myra\u2019s attempt to script her own life is seen in a series of imagined flash-forward sequences. Unfortunately, since she is dealing with real people and not fictional characters, there\u2019s an element of unpredictability that even Myra can\u2019t anticipate. Just as the timing in a play must be precision perfect, Myra\u2019s scheme also relies on split second sequencing. The film uses the ticking of a clock to emphasize the crucial timing involved in Myra\u2019s plan. The clock ticks away like a metronome with the action and nerve-wracking suspense building to a frenzied, orgasmic, and deadly conclusion. \r\n\r\n\r\nWritten by Guy Savage"}], "recommandations_id": [19119, 28663, 20298, 27036]}