{"tmdb_id": 192136, "title": "Mandela : Un long chemin vers la libert\u00e9", "original_title": "Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom", "slug_title": "mandela-un-long-chemin-vers-la-liberte", "date": "2013-12-06", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Le film retrace le parcours exceptionnel de Nelson Mandela, de son enfance en milieu rural \u00e0 son investiture comme premier pr\u00e9sident de la R\u00e9publique d\u2019Afrique du Sud \u00e9lu d\u00e9mocratiquement. Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom raconte le destin passionnant d\u2019un homme ordinaire qui sut s\u2019insurger contre l\u2019ordre \u00e9tabli et faire triompher ses convictions. Un portrait intime qui c\u00e9l\u00e8bre l\u2019\u00e9dification d\u2019une ic\u00f4ne moderne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2GxPdf7xa5LNYeJFWAQuWOS3aU6.jpg", "actors": ["Idris Elba (Nelson Mandela)", "Naomie Harris (Winnie Madikizela)", "Tony Kgoroge (Walter Sisulu)", "Riaad Moosa (Ahmed Kathrada)", "Fana Mokoena (Govan Mbeki)", "Robert Hobbs (Chief Warder)", "Jamie Bartlett (James Gregory)", "Lindiwe Matshikiza (Zindzi Mandela)", "Terry Pheto (Evelyn Mase)", "Deon Lotz (Kobie Coetzee)", "Thapelo Mokoena (Elias Motsoaledi)", "Zolani Mkiva (Raymond Mhlaba)", "Simo Mogwaza (Andrew Miageni)", "David Butler (Colonel Badenhorst)", "Gys de Villiers (President de Klerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "Mandela: Long walk to Freedom is a straightforward biography which condenses Nelson Mandela's life without too many metaphors which pervades biopics these days. However at times too much of Mandela's life seems to be  rushed through and other associates in the ANC's struggle to end apartheid are sidelined or entirely absent.\r\n\r\nWe first see Mandela as the young ambitious lawyer and a  ladies man as well. Pretty soon he is married with children and involved heavily with the African National Congress. He divorces his first wife and then we switch to Mandela in his 40s when he meets Winnie who he married.\r\n\r\nMandela is then arrested for terrorism and imprisoned in Robben island.\r\n\r\nIt is only during imprisonment we see the divergence in Nelson and and Winnie's life. Because of her mistreatment by the police Winnie becomes more extreme in her struggle and resorts to violent means to end apartheid. The older Mandela is in secret talks with the government and opts for a peaceful way to unite South Africa.\r\n\r\nIdris Elba relishes the opportunity to play the great man. He gets the voice right but I thought he was far more comfortable as the older Nelson Mandela. Naomi Harris also comes across better as the older and more bitter Winnie Mandela.\r\n\r\nIf you want to know more about Nelson Mandela then this is the film for you."}], "recommandations_id": [84170, 98205, 127918, 201550], "youtube_key": "R5Az3bOwrz8"}