{"tmdb_id": 192141, "title": "No Escape", "original_title": "No Escape", "slug_title": "no-escape", "date": "2015-08-26", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Jack, un homme d\u2019affaire am\u00e9ricain, s\u2019expatrie en Asie du sud-est avec sa famille pour mener une vie de r\u00eave dans un d\u00e9cor paradisiaque. Fra\u00eechement d\u00e9barqu\u00e9s, leur projet tourne court. Un coup d\u2019\u00e9tat \u00e9clate dans le pays et la t\u00eate des expatri\u00e9s se retrouve mise \u00e0 prix. Aid\u00e9s par un mercenaire britannique, Jack et les siens n'ont qu'une solution: fuir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kYHYoKc3eRFKrcaFvkQbaMqwqjS.jpg", "actors": ["Owen Wilson (Jack Dwyer)", "Lake Bell (Annie Dwyer)", "Pierce Brosnan (Hammond)", "Sterling Jerins (Lucy Dwyer)", "Claire Geare (Beeze Dwyer)", "Spencer Garrett (Recruiter)", "Tanapol Chuksrida (Krit)", "Nophand Boonyai (Concierge)", "Byron Gibson (Hotel Guest #1)", "Matthew Timothy Olynyk (Hotel Guest #2)", "Sahajak Boonthanakit (Kenny Rogers)", "Stacy Chbosky (Mother / Woman Next Door)", "Suphornaphat Annie Jenselius (Travel Agent)", "Hiroyuki Kobayashi (Japanese Businessman)", "Thanawut Ketsaro (Samnang)", "Bonnie Zellerbach (Sandra (uncredited))", "Jim Lau (Prime Minister (uncredited))", "Jimmy Chhiu (Voice actor (uncredited))", "Mia Sun (Voice actor (uncredited))", "Dollar Tan (Voice actor (uncredited))", "Sam B. Lorn (Voice actor (uncredited))", "David Prak (Khmer (voice) (uncredited))", "Ego Mikitas (Actor / Host (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "surendranc29", "content": "Watched the preview. The movie is excellent and very thrilling.\r\nThe director has transformed from a good horror movie maker to commercial thriller movie maker.\r\nThere should be more marketing done for this movie.\r\nMust watch for all set of audience but for those who wouldn't ride into a roller coaster!"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> In the ocean of orcas, a family of four penguins seeks a way out.\r\n\r\nIt was one of those movies I've lost interest after seeing its trailer. When I decided to watch I had no expectations, but I liked the surprise it gave me. So much better and very entertaining with lots of nail biting momentum. You can't write a review for this without mentioning the terrace scene which was one of the highlights of the movie.\r\n\r\nRemember the 2013 flick 'The Impossible' about a western family while visiting Thailand for a holiday stranded and separated after tsunami struck. Feels like this one is kind of a sequel, because of the similarity and takes place in a neighbouring country, Cambodia. But here the visiting family has to face the threat posed by the men from and during the coup.\r\n\r\nUps and downs in the acting career are very normal and keeping that pace is essential. Right now Owen Wilson is maintaining it well and a few 2016 releases are the most anticipated ones. Pierce Brosnan's decent limited appearance had a prominent part of the storytelling. Comparing recent wonderful movies, Lake Bell carried out phenomenal stage of her career.\r\n\r\nI thought it would be old fashioned like the 80s and 90s flicks about people trapped in a local conflict. If you are yet to watch it, I'll clear your doubt that it is the same old theme, but amazes you with many thrill scenes. So this movie is very enjoyable and you would have a good time. Not recommended unless if you're not looking for a masterpiece.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [241554, 253412, 238615, 169917]}