{"tmdb_id": 19249, "title": "Holiday on the Buses", "original_title": "Holiday on the Buses", "slug_title": "holiday-on-the-buses", "date": "1973-05-19", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "8.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zV9XGPBKfaImXYFMycpWRg5IiAA.jpg", "actors": ["Reg Varney (Stan Butler)", "Stephen Lewis (Inspector 'Blakey' Blake)", "Doris Hare (Mrs. Mabel Butler)", "Anna Karen (Olive Rudge)", "Bob Grant (Jack  his Conductor)", "Michael Robbins (Arthur Rudge)", "Wilfrid Brambell (Bert Thompson)", "Kate Williams (Red Cross Nurse)", "Arthur Mullard (Wally Briggs)", "Queenie Watts (Mrs. Briggs)", "Henry McGee (Holiday Camp Manager)", "Adam Rhodes (Little Arthur)", "Michael Sheard (Depot Manager)", "Hal Dyer (Mrs. Coombs)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Pratfalls and smut a go go.\r\n\r\nCome the 1970s we British really began to love our smut, it was a constitutional right to enjoy bawdy humour. Of course the quality was rarely above average, where the \"Carry On\" franchise would plunge the bawdy depths to try and get its laughs, and the \"Confessions Of\" series was never really any good to begin with anyway, but as long as they had people like Robin Askwith larking about amongst boobs, buttocks and innuendo unbound, then it was often enough for Brit cinema goers of a certain age.\r\n\r\nOn the Buses was a hugely popular TV series in the UK that ran for 7 series from 1969 to 1973. As was the case with many British situation comedies in the 70s, big screen outings would follow for the On the Buses crowd, three of them in fact, of which Holiday on the Buses was the last, and for many it was mercifully the death knell for such ventures.\r\n\r\nIt's a tired looking film when viewed now, the makers straining every sinew to keep the bawdy formula working, with much loved characters thrust into ever stupid situations to try and get laughs. Yet for fans of the series there is still some rewards to be found, but for interested outsiders looking in it's unlikely to generate more than a smile on the comedy scale.\r\n\r\nIt's hard to believe now that the likes of Stan Harper (Reg Varney) and Jack Harper (Bob Grant) could ever be seen as good looking enough to womanise and get sex on tap! But that's exactly what 1970s audiences were asked to buy into.\r\n\r\nJust because there's snow on the roof doesn't mean the fire has gone out down below.\r\n\r\nSo here Stan the bus driver and Jack the conductor are now working at a Pontins Holiday Camp (how 70s British is that?!) and they basically try and get laid at every opportunity. As does Stan's sexually frustrated sister, Olive (played by the wonderful Anna Karen), only she just wants a bit from her husband Arthur! (Michael Robbins). Even widowed Ma Butler (Doris Hare) is up for a bit of the other, courtesy of the king of dirty old men, Wilfrid Brambell.\r\n\r\nNaturally nemesis Inspector Cyril 'Blakey' Blake (Stephen Lewis) is on hand to provide the roguish lads with some japery opportunities, with the Hitler lookalike even getting a love interest himself here in the form of the holiday camp Nurse played by Kate Williams.\r\n\r\nThere's some good moments such as a swimming pool sequence of events, or Arthur Mullard attempting to dance (you have to know the actor to understand how funny that can be), while even Brambell doing his normal pervy routine is fun enough at times, but ultimately it rounds out as a picture for fans only, and even then it asks much of us to forgive it its lazy sins. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40570, 40742, 43996, 42329]}