{"tmdb_id": 19252, "title": "Continuez \u00e0 l'\u00e9tranger", "original_title": "Carry On Abroad", "slug_title": "continuez-a-l-etranger", "date": "1972-12-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de vacanciers se dirige vers la station baln\u00e9aire espagnole d'Elsbels pour une visite de 4 jours. Quand ils arrivent, ils trouvent que l'h\u00f4tel n'a toujours pas \u00e9t\u00e9 construit et le temps est affreux. Et il y a quelque chose d'\u00e9trange dans le personnel. Ils ont tous l'air tr\u00e8s similaires. Pour couronner le tout, la m\u00e9t\u00e9o semble avoir un impact n\u00e9gatif sur les fondations de l'h\u00f4tel ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zMIfEFRgvmu6mF53TOQmtd0xChh.jpg", "actors": ["Sid James (Vic Flange)", "Kenneth Williams (Stuart Farquhar)", "Charles Hawtrey (Eustace Tuttle)", "Joan Sims (Cora Flange)", "Bernard Bresslaw (Brother Bernard)", "Barbara Windsor (Sadie Tomkins)", "Kenneth Connor (Stanley Blunt)", "Peter Butterworth (Pepe)", "Jimmy Logan (Bert Conway)", "June Whitfield (Evelyn Blunt)", "Hattie Jacques (Floella)", "Derek Francis (Brother Martin)", "Sally Geeson (Lily)", "Ray Brooks (Georgio)", "Carol Hawkins (Marge)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Package Holiday Piffery.\r\n\r\nThe 24th film in the Carry On series finds the cast partaking in a package holiday to Els Bels. Once arriving they find their hotel still under construction and nobody much likes the company they are in!\r\n\r\nThis is actually one film that boasted the most regular Carry On cast members, something which carries the pic up above and through some choppy waters. Leaning heavily towards the more bawdy side of the franchise, it obviously couldn't appeal to everyone. This is the  1970s in Britain and it was becoming a place of decadent sexuality, which sees the makers earnest in their attempts to capture the zeitgeist of the time. Also one tends to think they had to be aware of the more openly sexual nature of some other comedy films of the era, thus they had to compete.\r\n\r\nThis is great fun for series fans, an absolute ramshackle holiday experience, the very definition of a cheap deal that \"WAS\" too good to be true. The makers bombard us purposely with stereotypes - the Brits abroad crassness, the bad food and excessive drinking, the undersexed and the oversexed client\u00e8le, bad weather, nudity, a raucous set to at a red light establishment, sexual stimulants and on it goes - no sand pebble is left unturned.\r\n\r\nCast are great, reliable sorts with such cheeky material to work from. Peter Buterworth takes the leading honours as the hotel manager trying to convince everyone this hotel from hell is a paradise! and he is well supported by June Whitfield who makes of her more expansive ventures into the series. The double entendre's flow, the chaotic scenes stack up and the corn is well and truly laid on a plate. Suffice to say this is not about pathos or intelligent meanings!\r\n\r\nThe finale is two-fold and great for fans, the drunken party on the last night at the hotel literally is crash bang and wallop, while the collective character closure at Sid and Joan's English bar has a warmness to it that fans can relate to. Charles Hawtrey, the legendary skeleton on legs, left the series here, playing an alcoholic rogue, the makers accepting his real life issues and incorporating it into his farewell performance for some poignant reflection. 7/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [26327, 24569, 19307, 32109], "youtube_key": "0phJGVh1mM0"}