{"tmdb_id": 1927, "title": "Hulk", "original_title": "Hulk", "slug_title": "hulk", "date": "2003-06-19", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Au cours d'une op\u00e9ration scientifique qui a mal tourn\u00e9, le docteur Bruce Banner est expos\u00e9 \u00e0 une surdose de radiations nucl\u00e9aires. Miraculeusement indemne, il sort n\u00e9anmoins affect\u00e9 de cette douloureuse exp\u00e9rience et d\u00e9veloppe le pouvoir de se transformer en Hulk, un monstre vert \u00e0 la force surhumaine et \u00e0 la rage incontr\u00f4lable. Cette cr\u00e9ature ne se manifeste que lorsque ce dernier est soumis \u00e0 une intense \u00e9motion. Mis au ban de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9, le docteur Banner est oblig\u00e9 de se cacher pour ne pas faire subir aux autres sa m\u00e9tamorphose. Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Ross, le p\u00e8re de Betty, l'ex-petite amie de Bruce, est charg\u00e9 de stopper le monstre par tous les moyens. Glenn Talbot, rival scientifique de Banner, est \u00e9galement sur les traces de Hulk. Lorsque Betty d\u00e9couvre que la cr\u00e9ature a un rapport avec les recherches du p\u00e8re de Bruce, elle devient la seule \u00e0 pouvoir comprendre ce qu'est Hulk...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ogCQV6mnLtCJuiiHtMB83jvSRfY.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Bana (Bruce Banner / Hulk)", "Jennifer Connelly (Betty Ross)", "Sam Elliott (Thaddeus E. \"Thunderbolt\" Ross)", "Josh Lucas (Glenn Talbot)", "Nick Nolte (The Father)", "Paul Kersey (Young David Banner)", "Cara Buono (Edith Banner)", "Todd Tesen (Young Ross)", "Kevin Rankin (Harper)", "Celia Weston (Mrs. Krensler)", "Mike Erwin (Teenage Bruce Banner)", "Lou Ferrigno (Security Guard)", "Stan Lee (Security Guard)", "Regi Davis (Security Guard)", "Craig Damon (Security Guard)", "Geoffrey Scott (President)", "Regina McKee Redwing (National Security Advisor)", "Daniel Dae Kim (Aide)", "Daniella Kuhn (Edith's Friend)", "Michael Kronenberg (Bruce Banner as Child)", "David Kronenberg (Bruce Banner as Child)", "Rhiannon Leigh Wryn (Betty Ross as Child)", "Lou Richards (Pediatrician)", "Jennifer Gotzon (Waitress)", "Louanne Kelley (Delivery Doctor)", "Toni Kallen (Delivery Nurse)", "Paul Hansen Kim (Officer)", "John Littlefield (Security NCO)", "Lorenzo Callender (Soldier)", "Todd Lee Coralli (Soldier)", "Johnny Kastl (Soldier)", "Eric Ware (Soldier)", "Jesse Corti (Colonel)", "Rob Swanson (Colonel)", "Mark Atteberry (Technician)", "Eva Burkley (Technician)", "Rondda Holeman (Technician)", "John A. Maraffi (Technician)", "Michael Papajohn (Technician)", "David St. Pierre (Technician)", "Boni Yanagisawa (Technician)", "David Sutherland (Tank Commander)", "Sean Mahon (Comanche Pilot)", "Brett Thacher (Comanche Pilot)", "Kirk B.R. Woller (Comanche Pilot)", "Randy Neville (F-22 Pilot)", "John Prosky (Atheon Technician)", "Amir Faraj (Boy)", "Ricardo Aguilar (Boy's Father)", "Victor Rivers (Paramilitary)", "Lyndon Karp (Davey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cwf97", "content": "Ang Lee helped revolutionize superhero related films forever with Hulk (2003). Rather than just have the hero try to save the world, Lee and James Schamus decided to have Bruce Banner deal with his Freudian psychology, specifically the repressed memories he had thirty years ago about his father.\r\n\r\nThe acting talents of Eric Bana, Jennifer Connelly, Nick Nolte, Sam Elliott and Josh Lucas are perfect for the five main characters. Bana was able to do intentional wooden acting to hide his character's repressed emotions while Connelly conveyed kindness as her Oscar winning role from A Beautiful Mind (2001).\r\n\r\nWhat I loved about Lee's interpretation is that he did not care about faithfulness. He cared about showing a cerebral kind of superhero film that later got imitated with The Dark Knight Trilogy (2005-2012), Watchmen (2009), Logan (2017), Dawn of Justice (2016) and Suicide Squad (2016).\r\n\r\nAng Lee is one of the best directors to have ever lived and Hulk is one of many films he directed for great proof."}, {"pseudo": "lori007101", "content": "The Green Giant is awakening!\r\nAs a little baby, the Offspring Bruce Banner Genmanipulativ is changed. Later, as a young man, he is a scientist himself and is employed with gamma radiation. He wants to try to reach scar tissue and injuries, using the radiations, a healing method. Through an accident with the radiation, banners mutate when he has a tantrum, to a Green Giant: the Hulk!\r\nEric Bana plays the shy and vulnerable Bruce banner. Although he does not really trust the role, he mastered the insecurity in person, sovereign. \r\nJennifer Connelly plays Betty Ross. Connelly embodies Betty cool and sober. It is only when she experiences how banners mutate that she shares a helping emotion.\r\nJosh Lucas plays Glen Talbot. Talbot is fully fixated on his career and is a smug Sesselfurzer. He wants to develop the invention of banners for the military and thus create super soldiers. He has every means right for that. Lucas was arranged as a little villain. Unfortunately, he doesn't necessarily come across like that.\r\nThe military commander Ross, is portrayed by Sam Elliott. Elliott plays his character cool and iron. He really wants to protect his country. That is why he acts defending and patriotic for his country. \r\nAlthough Nick Nolte has at least playtime, he plays his role most deeply. The few minutes of presence, is a pleasure of acting. \r\nThe visual language of the director Ang Lee is very special. His idea of using certain settings as a split screen is also closer to the Marvel Comics. So that you really also realize the Hulk is a comic book template. \r\nThe effects from the year 2003 are good, but you can already notice certain Unperfektheiten.\r\nThe animations are still kitschy. Which seems a bit ridiculous, too. The story leaves a lot to miss. On the one part, because Hulk belongs in the MCU, here the humor and sarcasm is very rare to see. The colourful and colourful MCU can not be classified here. The story is portrayed here rather as a fantasy drama. Which then looks rather dull for a comic book template. \r\nIn the last third, it is right to the point and it is going to be quite an effect thunderstorm. It's really a pity that you have to wait more or less until the end until the Hulk drops off steam. \r\nConclusion: A down-to-earth stand of the character hulk of Marvel Comics. Unfortunately, it diminishes the story through seriousness and dramaturgy that happens!"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "I mean, what was everyone expecting? They hired a director who does mostly Asian art-house movies to helm a comic book movie about a green monster who smashes things when he gets angry. Of course Ang Lee was going to delve into Freudian concepts, overtones of Greek tragedy, and strange editing choices.\r\n\r\nMy issues with Hulk are more focused on its painfully slow pace and messy third act. Yes, the whole movie seems a bit pretentious, but you have to at least admire the intent and ambition to make this movie, even if the execution is wonky."}], "recommandations_id": [9480, 1452, 1724, 1250], "youtube_key": "H0RQOT14lck"}