{"tmdb_id": 192813, "title": "Age of Dinosaurs", "original_title": "Age of Dinosaurs", "slug_title": "age-of-dinosaurs", "date": "2013-05-11", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Une d\u00e9couverte scientifique permet de faire revenir \u00e0 la surface de la Terre des dinosaures. Mais l'exp\u00e9rience tourne \u00e0 la catastrophe quand les pr\u00e9dateurs s'\u00e9chappent pour se r\u00e9fugier dans les rues de Los Angeles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pigdOLfwnbLAmhbVHQaWgymbqmQ.jpg", "actors": ["Treat Williams (Gabe)", "Ronny Cox (Justin)", "Jillian Rose Reed (Jade Jacobs)", "Joshua Michael Allen (Craig Carson)", "Max Aria (Leo Karst)", "Arthur Richardson (Sgt. Mike)", "Jose Rosete (Doug)", "Joe Bohn (News Pilot)", "Kelly Dolan (Technican Rosario)", "Kameshia Duncan (Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***King Kong meets the first two Jurassic Parks with petite cutie Jillian Rose Reed***\r\n\r\nA genetic-research company develops various dinosaurs from DNA, but (big surprise) they all escape during a theater showing in Los Angeles. Treat Williams and Jillian Rose Reed star as a fireman and daughter trying to survive the debacle. Ronny Cox is in the Richard Attenborough role.\r\n\r\n\u201cAge of Dinosaurs\u201d (2013) is an Asylum flick that rips-off the escape sequence of King Kong and elements of the Jurassic Park movies, especially the first two. Many of the dinosaurs are serviceable for a TV film, but the CGI fire and explosions are hopeless. I enjoyed the heartwarming relationship of father & daughter and unique cutie Jillian is worth the price of admission. Other than these factors and a decent diverse cast that takes the material seriously, it\u2019s an okay knock-off hampered by unoriginality. But I liked the climax with a pteranodon at the \u201cHollywood\u201d Hill. \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 28 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C/C-"}], "recommandations_id": [166660, 83880, 47436, 260372], "youtube_key": "udQ1e-XUybE"}