{"tmdb_id": 19300, "title": "Carry On Behind", "original_title": "Carry On Behind", "slug_title": "carry-on-behind", "date": "1975-12-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Professors Vrooshka and Crump decide to visit an archaeological site to study the artifacts there. Lo and behold, it's right next to a caravan site where all manner of people are staying. With a randy Major owning the site, a snobbish mother, and the two professors' constant innuendos, the film ends with a sinking caravan site and a striptease performance as a replacement for the cabaret night.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rEwGaLVw562CB4FkHLXt6Ism3RI.jpg", "actors": ["Elke Sommer (Professor Anna Vooshka)", "Kenneth Williams (Professor Roland Crump)", "Bernard Bresslaw (Arthur Upmore)", "Kenneth Connor (Major Leep)", "Jack Douglas (Ernie Bragg)", "Joan Sims (Daphne Barnes)", "Windsor Davies (Fred Ramsden)", "Peter Butterworth (Henry Barnes)", "Liz Fraser (Sylvia Ramsden)", "Patsy Rowlands (Linda Upmore)", "Ian Lavender (Joe Baxter)", "Adrienne Posta (Norma Baxter)", "Patricia Franklin (Vera Bragg)", "Donald Hewlett (The Dean)", "Carol Hawkins (Sandra)", "Marianne Stone (Mrs Rowan)", "Helli Louise (Nudist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Carry On Behind (1975)\r\n\r\nA Site For Sore Thighs!\r\n\r\nIt's a retread of Carry On Camping only with caravans as the usual array of characters are ripe for fun picking innuendo laden shenanigans. Plot for what it's worth has a bunch of Carry On holidaymakers caravanning next to a Roman excavation site being run by Prof Anna Vrooshka (Elke Sommer) and Prof. Roland Crump (Kenneth Williams). Chaos inevitable ensues.\r\n\r\nThe absence of Sid James, Charles Hawtrey, Hattie Jacques and Terry Scott was always going to be felt (they had all left the franchise by this time), but Williams, Bernard Bresslaw , Kenneth Connor, Joan Simms and Peter Butterworth plough on stoically with the thin formulaic screenplay. Windsor Davis supplements them but he's no Sid James.\r\n\r\nThe series would trundle out two more films in the 70s before the ill advised comeback movie in 1992 (Carry on Columbus), one of which was the dreadful Carry on England. \"Behind\" isn't an awful movie as it does have its moments, such as the by-play between Sommer and Williams, and Bresslaw's henpecked husband act. It's also a very good snapshot of the era with budget holidays pointing to the unsteady political climate, while the sexual aspects reek of a time well left behind - but those attitudes did exist back then.\r\n\r\nPassable Carry On fare but carrying with it the sadness in knowing the series was long past its sell by date. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [21240, 24571, 32109, 24568], "youtube_key": "dSjJQUZPxg8"}