{"tmdb_id": 1930, "title": "The Amazing Spider-Man", "original_title": "The Amazing Spider-Man", "slug_title": "the-amazing-spider-man", "date": "2012-06-27", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Abandonn\u00e9 par ses parents lorsqu\u2019il \u00e9tait enfant, Peter Parker a \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9lev\u00e9 par son oncle Ben et sa tante May. Il est aujourd\u2019hui au lyc\u00e9e, mais il a du mal \u00e0 s\u2019int\u00e9grer. Comme la plupart des adolescents de son \u00e2ge, Peter essaie de comprendre qui il est et d\u2019accepter son parcours. Amoureux pour la premi\u00e8re fois, lui et Gwen Stacy d\u00e9couvrent les sentiments, l\u2019engagement et les secrets. En retrouvant une myst\u00e9rieuse mallette ayant appartenu \u00e0 son p\u00e8re, Peter entame une qu\u00eate pour \u00e9lucider la disparition de ses parents, ce qui le conduit rapidement \u00e0 Oscorp et au laboratoire du docteur Curt Connors, l\u2019ancien associ\u00e9 de son p\u00e8re. Spider-Man va bient\u00f4t se retrouver face au L\u00e9zard, l\u2019alter ego de Connors. En d\u00e9cidant d\u2019utiliser ses pouvoirs, il va choisir son destin\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eA2D86Y6VPWuUzZyatiLBwpTilQ.jpg", "actors": ["Andrew Garfield (Peter Parker / Spider-Man)", "Emma Stone (Gwen Stacy)", "Rhys Ifans (Dr. Curt Connors / The Lizard)", "Denis Leary (Captain Stacy)", "Campbell Scott (Richard Parker)", "Irrfan Khan (Rajit Ratha)", "Martin Sheen (Uncle Ben)", "Sally Field (Aunt May)", "Max Charles (Peter Parker (Age 4))", "Chris Zylka (Flash Thompson)", "Embeth Davidtz (Mary Parker)", "Leif Gantvoort (Cash Register Thief)", "Hannah Marks (Missy Kallenback)", "Kelsey Asbille (Sally Avril)", "C. Thomas Howell (Jack's Father)", "Stan Lee (School Librarian)", "Michael Massee (Man in the Shadows)", "Michael Papajohn (Alfie (uncredited))", "Kari Coleman (Helen Stacy)", "Charlie DePew (Philip Stacy)", "Skyler Gisondo (Howard Stacy)", "Jacob Rodier (Simon Stacy)", "Jake Keiffer (Jack)", "Kevin McCorkle (Mr. Cramer)", "Barbara Eve Harris (Miss Ritter)", "Danielle Burgio (Nicky's Girlfriend)", "Michael Barra (Store Clerk)", "Andy Pessoa (Gordon)", "Andy Gladbach (Physics Nerd)", "Ring Hendricks-Tellefsen (Physics Nerd)", "Tom Waite (Nicky)", "Keith Campbell (Car Thief)", "Steve DeCastro (Car Thief Cop)", "James Chen (Police Officer)", "Alexander Bedria (Officer (SWAT))", "John Burke (Newscaster (News Chopper))", "Jill Flint (Receptionist)", "Mark Daugherty (OsCorp Intern)", "Milton Gonz\u00e1lez (Rodrigo Guevara)", "Vincent Laresca (Construction Worker)", "Damien Lemon (Taxi Driver)", "Ty Upshaw (Police Officer with Sketch)", "Tia Texada (Sheila (Subway))", "Jay Caputo (Subway Guy)", "Terry Bozeman (Principal)", "Jennifer Lyons (Second Girl (Subway))", "Amber Stevens (Ariel)", "Jody Cosgrove-Kao (Science Teacher (uncredited))", "Max Bogner (Scientist (uncredited))", "Ethan Cohn (Lab Technician (uncredited))", "Miles Elliot (Billy Connors (uncredited))", "Miranda LaDawn Hill (Cheerleader (uncredited))", "Amanda MacDonald (Goth Girl (uncredited))", "Maury Morgan (Tina (uncredited))", "Amy Novondo (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Zoey Deutch (Gossip Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb23365124", "content": "\u201cThe Amazing Spider-Man\u201d has no reason to exist. Spider-man is a hero everyone knows. He\u00b4s been around for so long everyone is familiar with his origin, comic fan or not. Its basic pop culture. Then you have the Sam Raimi\u00b4s movies. Everyone saw them. They made loads of money and they\u00b4re always on tv. They are entertaining movies. \u201cSpider-Man\u201d gave us a good origin story in 2002. This movie simply wasn't needed. \r\nNow I gave it the benefit of the doubt. There\u00b4s Burton\u00b4s Batman and Nolan\u00b4s. Maybe this was a different Spider-Man. A more \u201cdark\u201d vision perhaps! Maybe the movie spent a few minutes on the origin and then wisely moved on with its story. Maybe... well maybe it wasn't just another rehash. A shameless attempt to remake, or how they say it these days, reboot the same idea with minimal changes except the cast. I was naive.\r\nThe whole movie is about Spider-Man\u00b4s origin. They traded Mary Jane for another love interest and held off on \u201cThe Green Goblin\u201d because that would be too much \u201crubbing it in the face\u201d for the fans, I guess. We get Gwen Stacy and \u201cThe Lizard\u201d. The rest is same old, same old. The same uncle Ben plot, the same scenes about making the suit, learning how to control powers, the search for the criminal Spider-man lets get away with horrific results. Same thing. Except everything is done without a spark of energy or creativity. Raimi\u00b4s movies were energetic, flowing with excitement. They were \u201cnew\u201d. Seeing Spider-Man on the big screen,  webbing all over the city, fighting \u201cThe Green Goblin\u201d, it was amazing. We didn't have \u201cThe Avengers\u201d back there, or \u201cIron Man\u201d. This was like a dream come true for comic fans. \r\n\u201cThe Amazing Spider-Man\u201d smells of old cheese. \r\nI tried to take the movie for what it was but it was impossible. My mind would not let me. I knew what was going to happen next. I knew all the plots! I\u00b4d seen it all before! \r\nBut even ignoring that the movie just does not work. Its slow, turgid with an unlikable Peter Parker and a CGI lizard for a villain. Parker is a whiny, self centered idiot. His relationship with aunt May and uncle Ben is never fully explored and what little there is consists of Parker being a rude jerk for no reason at all. \r\nThe movie has one thing going for it. The cast. Sally Field and Martin Sheen are great with what little material they have. Emma Stone is sexy and sweet which is \u201cher thing\u201d and again she pulls it off brilliantly.  Rhys Ifans is decent as Curt Connors and surprisingly enough I loved Andrew Garfield as Spidey. Yes, seriously! He looks perfect for the part and he did his best with the horrible script. He\u00b4s charismatic and brought his own touch to the role instead of copying Toby Maguire. If the movie is even slightly original its because of him. \r\nSome of the action in the last third of the movie is also spectacular. Spider-man\u00b4s movements when fighting are really well done as is the web-slinging. The action is well directed and exciting and the movie sets up a sequel rather nicely. \r\nBut its asking a lot to go over the material everyone knows for two hours for a few minutes of cool action. The movie plays it so safe it hurts. Its competent but never brilliant. Tedious but far too long with little spots of action but few and far between. \r\nI hope in the sequel this \u201cSpider-Man\u201d can find its own style and its own place. Given space to grow and evolve, on the strength of the character and Garfield\u00b4s acting this could be the weak start to a new amazing super-hero trilogy. \r\nThen again, maybe i\u00b4m just naive."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is the fourth spider man movie although it is not the fourth sequel but rather one of these reboots which seems to be so popular today. I found the movie to be quite enjoyable but at the same time a bit of a let-down.\r\n\r\nIn some ways it is better than the previous trilogy by Sam Raimi (well it is not very hard to make something that is better than the 2nd installment in that trilogy of course). The film is darker, more serious and Spider Man is not so silly and a total mess-up when out of his costume as the character portrayed by Toby Maquire.\r\n\r\nHowever, this movie has its own faults which makes me have to think hard whether it is really that much of an improvement over the previous movie and this is what makes me feel a bit let-down since I had hope that this reboot would be that \u201creal\u201d Spider Man movie that enabled me to forget about the previous ones.\r\n\r\nA lot of not so interesting scenes are really dragged out and the important stuff is rushed. Peter Parker\u2019s transition to Spider Man after his bitten is over and done with quite quickly. In another scene he spends 5 minutes trying to talk some kid out of a car. He even takes off his mask and gives it to him (what the f\u2026) and in the end just zips him out with a net shot. He could have done that right away and spared us the boring time.\r\n\r\nGenerally I think this movie is indeed a better Spider Man movie than the previous ones though and I quite enjoyed the movie evening yesterday, just not as much as I hoped."}], "recommandations_id": [102382, 559, 558, 557], "youtube_key": "-tnxzJ0SSOw"}