{"tmdb_id": 1933, "title": "Les Autres", "original_title": "The Others", "slug_title": "les-autres", "date": "2001-08-02", "genre": "Horreur / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "En 1945, la Seconde Guerre mondiale est termin\u00e9e mais le mari de Grace, parti combattre, n'est pas revenu du front. Dans une immense demeure victorienne isol\u00e9e sur l'\u00eele de Jersey, cette jeune femme pieuse \u00e9l\u00e8ve seule ses deux enfants, Anne et Nicholas, selon les principes stricts de sa religion. Atteints d'un mal \u00e9trange, ces derniers ne peuvent \u00eatre expos\u00e9s \u00e0 la lumi\u00e8re du jour. Ils vivent donc reclus dans ce manoir qui doit constamment rester dans l'obscurit\u00e9. Lorsque trois nouveaux domestiques viennent habiter avec Grace et ses enfants, ils doivent se plier \u00e0 une r\u00e8gle vitale : aucune porte ne doit \u00eatre ouverte avant que la pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente n'ait \u00e9t\u00e9 ferm\u00e9e. Pourtant, quelqu'un va d\u00e9sob\u00e9ir \u00e0 cet ordre. D\u00e8s lors, Grace, ses enfants et tous ceux qui les entourent devront en subir les cons\u00e9quences.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mRubkeY7coho7o47C1RcB6qAVxw.jpg", "actors": ["Nicole Kidman (Grace Stewart)", "Christopher Eccleston (Charles Stewart)", "Alakina Mann (Anne Stewart)", "James Bentley (Nicholas Stewart)", "Eric Sykes (Mr. Edmund Tuttle)", "Elaine Cassidy (Lydia)", "Ren\u00e9e Asherson (Old Lady)", "Keith Allen (Mr. Marlish)", "Michelle Fairley (Mrs. Marlish)", "Alexander Vince (Victor Marlish)", "Gordon Reid (Assistant)", "Ricardo L\u00f3pez (Second Assistant)", "Fionnula Flanagan (Mrs. Bertha Mills)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Spectral happenings on an estate in the Channel Islands after WWII (no spoilers)\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2001 and written & directed by Alejandro Amen\u00e1bar, \"The Others\" is a haunted house flick about a woman (Nicole Kidman) who lives in an old manor on one of the Channel Islands with her two photosensitive children immediately after WWII. After three people arrive seeking employment, they increasingly become convinced that the abode is haunted.\r\n\r\nWhile this is a fantasy movie in that it depicts supernatural happenings, like doors mysteriously opening and closing, these types of unexplainable things have been known to happen. The movie is a serious exploration of what may really be occurring. The mansion seems sterile and there\u2019s a one-dimensional pale \u2018look\u2019 to the bulk of the picture, which was intentional for obvious reasons. Speaking of which, the perpetually fog-laden grounds create a nice ghostly ambiance.\r\n\r\nEverything hinges on whether the last act effectively reveals the truth and it does. The film provides intriguing food for thought.               \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 44 minutes and was shot in Cantabria, Spain (exteriors of the mansion); Penshurst, Kent, England (The Lime Walk) and Madrid. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [565, 6947, 628, 9913]}