{"tmdb_id": 19333, "title": "Mechagodzilla contre attaque", "original_title": "Mekagojira no Gyakush\u016b", "slug_title": "mechagodzilla-contre-attaque", "date": "1975-03-15", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Les aliens de la troisi\u00e8me plan\u00e8te du Trou noir r\u00e9cup\u00e8rent la carcasse de MechaGodzilla dans le but de le lancer une nouvelle fois contre Godzilla, le protecteur de la Terre. Le robot malfaisant sera aid\u00e9 par le Titanosaurus, un dinosaure contr\u00f4l\u00e9 par des scientifiques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yxy9oMMpqABsRLachEQXhQtqV7D.jpg", "actors": ["Katsuhiko Sasaki (Biologist Akira Ichinose)", "Tomoko Ai (Katsura Mafune)", "Akihiko Hirata (Dr. Shinz\u00f4 Mafune)", "Katsumasa Uchida (Jiro Murakoshi)", "Goro Mutsumi (Mugal)", "Tadao Nakamaru (Interpol Chief Tagawa)", "Shin Roppongi (Y\u00fbuchi Wakayama)", "Yasuko Agrawa (Yuri Yamamoto)", "T\u00f4ru Ibuki (Tsuda (Bearded alien))", "Kenji Sahara (Defense Force Commander)", "Kotaro Tomita (Professor \u00d4ta)", "Ikio Sawamura (Mafune's Butler)", "Masaaki Daimon (Captain Kusakari)", "Kazuo Suzuki (Alien Henchman #1)", "Yoshio Kirishima (Alien Henchman #2)", "Masayoshi Kikuchi (Alien Henchman #3)", "Takuya Yuki (Alien Henchman #4)", "Jun Nishihara (Alien Henchman #5)", "Akinori Umezu (Boy #1)", "Shizuko Azuma (Old Country Lady)", "Toshihiko Furuta (Interpol Worker)", "Takuz\u00f4 Kumagai (Defense Corp Executive)", "Toru Kawai (Godzilla)", "Ise Mori (Mechagodzilla)", "Katsumi Nimiamoto (Titanosaurus)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The last of the original wave of Zilla movies.\r\n\r\nIt has a mixed reputation among the fans, but Terror of Mechagodzilla is a romp of a sequel, one that's not without deep emotional heart.\r\n\r\nPlot is bonkers of course, aliens are plotting to rule the world and have recreated Mechagodzilla after Godzilla shredded it to pieces in the previous meeting of the two beasts (Godzilla V Mechagodzilla). There's Interpol agents running around not exactly in control of anything, a vengeful scientist with an agenda who aids the aliens, while his daughter has become a cyborg designed to control Titanosaurus, a gigantic amphibious dinosaur that teams up with Mechagodzilla to stomp on Tokyo. All is lost for mankind, until Godzilla climbs out of the ocean to hopefully protect his domain.\r\n\r\nThe return of Ishir\u014d Honda to the director's chair is a reassuring presence, and it helps the film retain a classy production level. The monster smack-downs are neatly choreographed, the model work is wonderfully 1970s, and Akira Ifukube's thunderous score gladdens the spirit as it simultaneously rocks your bones. Yukiko Takayama's screenplay contains intelligence, where the sci-fi boffin speak is spliced with deep observations on humanity and what it means to be part of such a race etc.\r\n\r\nFan division usually comes down to who likes super-hero Godzilla or who likes Godzilla in destroy everything mode. This is the former, and it's cheer worthy, the atomic lizard in a bad mood would not surface again for 10 years, and by then the direction of Zilla's fortunes got increasingly silly. This marks \"Terror\" as something of a franchise closure to be cherished, and rightly so because it has all the good parts that made the first Toho wave so enjoyable. So turn up the volume, open your screens out and indulge. Wonderful. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19545, 19336, 15766, 3115]}