{"tmdb_id": 193418, "title": "Regret", "original_title": "Spijt!", "slug_title": "regret", "date": "2013-06-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Jochem is the target of bullying. David does not participate, but he dares intervene. The class teacher also does not engage., Jochem seems to attract the harassment, which gets worse every day. One morning David feels guilty. Why did he never opened his mouth?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aM4pX2gseaCCmMSnGxopT3dnX7e.jpg", "actors": ["Robin Boissevain ()", "Stefan Collie ()", "Nils Verkooijen ()", "Doris Witte ()", "Edo Brunner ()", "Brahim Fourad ()", "Fabienne Bergmans ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "You might remember a few months ago I reviewed a title about the summer camp prank. The movie was called 'Standing Up' that I loved a lot. This movie is kind of similar, but deals on a different issue. Absolutely an important movie that discloses the most common trouble faced by the physically weak students, especially loners who were targeted by the bully boys. It was based on the book 'Regret!'. That is why we need more novel adaptation that deliver the messages to the younger generation.\r\n\r\nThe story was narrated from the perspective of a high school student David. He also a member of the band called 'Point Out!'. David in not a boy who interfere with others affairs, like a quiet one he's focused on his studies and other activities. He has a crush on his classmate Vera, and so she's on him, but they never expressed to each others. In between their secret affection, a fellow mate called Jochem comes into the scene. He's fat and have no friends, which mean an easy prey for the tyrant of the class. As the school days progress Jochem makes friends with David and Vera, individually. He begins to spend some time with them, but that does not solve his problems. With a little misunderstanding between the three, the story reveals what they had failed to recognize, the seriousness of the situation.\r\n\r\n> **\u2018\u2018You should drink water instead.\r\n> It's healthy. And it doesn't stain.\u2019\u2019**\r\n\r\nRecently kind of I'm attracted to the Dutch movies. Saw some of the best movies and every time with the new movies my interest and expectations on them are growing. So that is how I came up with this movie, an awesome movie. Well, this movie theme was good, a very good movie to educate school and college students about what is right and wrong. Like you know by now it was about bullying, the movie displays what had to be shown. With the blend of little hide-and-seek romance track and music in few parts.\r\n\r\nBullying is fun for some, but it is a crime, especially if it ends in an unexpected way. To create such trouble the story takes time to advance that kind of looks a drag in the tale. Well written screenplay, which concentrated around three characters. Each of them were so good in their respective roles. This kind of message movie is what I expect from Hollywood, because Hollywood movies can reach all the corner of the earth. I hope dubbed or remake version will do justice to the truth the movie tried to tell. A movie not to be missed, especially if you a parent to the teenagers."}], "recommandations_id": [87035, 147513, 28011, 24523], "youtube_key": "notfound"}