{"tmdb_id": 19345, "title": "La Veuve noire", "original_title": "Black Widow", "slug_title": "la-veuve-noire", "date": "1987-02-06", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Sam Petersen, industriel new-yorkais, meurt d'un arret respiratoire, leguant sa fortune a son epouse, Catharine. Quelques semaines plus tard, c'est au tour d'un riche fabriquant de jouets, qui laisse a sa jolie femme Marielle une coquette fortune. A Seattle, une jeune anthropologue, Margaret Dodd, fait une entree remarquee au conseil d'administration du museum et seduit le directeur. Cependant Alexandra Barnes, agent federal, decouvre de troublantes similitudes dans la mort des deux industriels et s'apercoit que Catharine, Marielle et Margaret ne font qu'une.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oPGaK40wqDwf7abCwdD8b38if74.jpg", "actors": ["Debra Winger (Alexandra 'Alex' Barnes)", "Theresa Russell (Catharine Petersen)", "Sami Frey (Paul Nuytten)", "Dennis Hopper (Ben Dumers)", "Nicol Williamson (William McCrory)", "Terry O'Quinn (Bruce, Alex's Boss)", "James Hong (H. Shin - Honolulu private investigator)", "Diane Ladd (Etta)", "D.W. Moffett (Michael)", "Lois Smith (Sara)", "Leo Rossi (Ricci)", "Danny Kamekona (Detective)", "Rutanya Alda (Irene)", "Mary Woronov (Shelley)", "David Mamet (Herb)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The female of the species is more deadly than the male.\r\n\r\nBlack Widow is directed by Bob Rafelson and written by Ronald Bass. It stars Debra Winger and Theresa Russell. Music is by Michael Small and cinematography by Conrad L. Hall.\r\n\r\nTwo women. Catherine marries men for their money, then murders them. The other, Alexandra Barnes is on her tail, getting in close to hopefully expose her crimes...\r\n\r\nRafelson's neo-noir homages the film noir femme fatales of the 40s and 50s with a high degree of success. There's much potency in the screenplay that puts it firmly in the noir universe. Flip flopping the misogyny angles of yesteryear, pic pitches the ultimate femme fatale destroyer of men into a cat and mouse scenario with a sexually repressed opponent - or is she a jealous but secret admirer? The transformation of Winger's dowdy Justice Department Agent into a blossoming lady at Catherine Black Widow's (Russell super sexy and sensuous) side brings in the doppelg\u00e4nger effect, a good old noir staple. The sexual tension is a constant, particularly when Paul Nuytten (Sami Frey) is brought into proceedings, something which shifts the piece still further into noirville.\r\n\r\nThere's also other characters straight out of film noir. Be it Alexandra's boss (the always reliable Terry O'Quinn), who's a lech harbouring desires for Alex, or sleazy Private Investigator H Shin (James Hong) who has a needle habit, it's clear that Rafelson and Bass know their noir. Unfortunately most of the play is in daylight, meaning missed opportunities for some psychological shadow play is passed up. Though it should be noted that Hall's photography is slick and tonally in tune, especially when lighting scenes involving Russell as prime focus. It all builds to a splendid finale, the makers pulling us both ways as to where it will lead. Sure, some of the plot devices are weak, but in the main this is sexy, intriguing and tricksy in narrative, whilst tech credits stay at the higher end of the scale. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31618, 37943, 56385, 5241]}