{"tmdb_id": 19366, "title": "Josie et les Pussycats", "original_title": "Josie and the Pussycats", "slug_title": "josie-et-les-pussycats", "date": "2001-04-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Melody, Val et Josie, les trois membres du groupe de rock \"Josie et les Pussycats\", r\u00eavent de faire conna\u00eetre leur musique au monde entier. La chance tourne lorsque MegaRecords les d\u00e9couvre et produit leur premier disque. Tr\u00e8s vite, \"Josie et les Pussycats\" deviennent num\u00e9ro 1 des ventes. Mais les filles d\u00e9couvrent qu'elles sont les pions d'un plan machiav\u00e9lique de MegaRecords\u00a0: contr\u00f4ler la jeunesse am\u00e9ricaine \u00e0 travers des messages subliminaux ins\u00e9r\u00e9s dans leurs chansons\u00a0!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cc13QhiKt507D8krOmL8reTmMJU.jpg", "actors": ["Rachael Leigh Cook (Josie McCoy)", "Rosario Dawson (Valerie Brown)", "Tara Reid (Melody Valentine)", "Alan Cumming (Wyatt Frame)", "Parker Posey (Fiona)", "Gabriel Mann (Alan M.)", "Paulo Costanzo (Alexander Cabot)", "Missi Pyle (Alexandra Cabot)", "Alexander Martin (Les - Du Jour (uncredited))", "Donald Faison (D.J. - Du Jour (uncredited))", "Seth Green (Travis - Du Jour (uncredited))", "Breckin Meyer (Marco - Du Jour (uncredited))", "JR Bourne (Shop Owner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Amusing satire on the power & brainwashing of the music industry***  \r\n\r\nI never saw the original cartoon or read the comics on which it was based, but \u201cJosie and the Pussycats\u201d (2001) is fun and the three protagonists are attractive & enthusiastic (Rachael Leigh Cook, Tara Reid & Rosario Dawson). Yet the movie shoots for something deeper as this is an amusing and potent satire on the influence and manipulation of the entertainment industry.\r\n\r\nAlan Cumming is outstanding as the villainous band manager who uses bands, abuses them and throws them away at whim. His opening scene with the fictional boyband Du Jour is worth the price of admission. Parker Posey is also good as his diabolical superior. Curvy and towering Missi Pyle is also on hand as Alexandra.\r\n\r\nEver wonder why all those musicians die in mysterious plane crashes, overdoses, etc. at the height of their fame? How about all those successful government cover-ups? How do artists with little actual talent and songwriting abilities become hugely popular, usually overnight, while the truly talented artists languish in obscurity? Why do you sometimes have this insane drive for a Big Mac or Coke? \"Josie and the Pussycats\" explains all, lol.\r\n\r\nAs for those who complain about the product placement, they all live on Aduh Street.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, the great set-up of the first hour sorta peters out in the last act. It\u2019s okay, just not up to the quality of the first two acts, as far as compelling writing goes.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 98 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [20009, 6020, 10642, 15037], "youtube_key": "XvVhTHJWFr0"}