{"tmdb_id": 194487, "title": "La Ran\u00e7on De La Peur", "original_title": "The Plunderers", "slug_title": "la-rancon-de-la-peur", "date": "1960-11-05", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Quatre bandits s\u00e8ment la panique dans une petite ville. Personne ne parvient \u00e0 les arr\u00eater jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 un myst\u00e9rieux ancien tireur arrive...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m2fRZgB82C8nszKmD5MJeqfCsvM.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Chandler (Sam Christy)", "John Saxon (Rondo)", "Dolores Hart (Ellie Walters)", "Marsha Hunt (Kate Miller, Hotel Owner)", "Jay C. Flippen (Sheriff McCauley)", "Ray Stricklyn (Jeb Lucas Tyler)", "James Westerfield (Mike Baron - Saloon Owner)", "Dee Pollock (Davy)", "Dee Pollock (William \"Mule\" Thompson)", "Vaughn Taylor (Jess Walters, Gen. Store Owner)", "Harvey Stephens (Doc Fuller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Captain Sam - A Phantom.\r\n\r\nThe Plunderers is directed by Joseph Pevney and written by Bob Barbash. It stars Jeff Chandler, John Saxon, Dolores Hart, Marsha Hunt and Jay C. Flippen. Music is by Leonard Rosenman and cinematography by Eugene Polito.\r\n\r\nTrail City, and 4 delinquent cowboys ride into town with attitude and carefree abandon. The Trail City residents - spineless, all except one man. One man who considers himself only half a man on account of his disability. That man is Civil War veteran Captain Sam...\r\n\r\nWar didn't just destroy his arm.\r\n\r\nThe few critical appraisals and reviews that exist for The Plunderers are keen to associate the picture with other notable pictures released previously, which in this instance is something of a curse when they happen to be well revered classics. Yet this is no knock off, it has its own identity. The four young delinquents here are not dashing dandy types, the makers make every effort to put their failings as human beings up at the front of the portrayals. These are young men, out of their depth, even spineless, but of course the town doesn't know this as they are too busy cowering in the shadows.\r\n\r\nThe messages are obvious in the play, but Pevney doesn't use his sledgehammer to enforce those parts of the narrative. It's perhaps no surprise how things pan out with Chandler's embittered war veteran, as he wrestles with both his conscience and his disability, but Pevney has a good knack for slow burning the atmosphere to bring rewards for film's finale. Chandler, in his last Western, is suitably broody, Hunt and Hart are beauties to behold, while of the bad boys it's Saxon as a diabolical Mexican - with scary eyebrows - and the only one who is old enough to shave, who strikes the highest villain chords.\r\n\r\nElsewhere there's a great musical score provided by double Academy Award Winner Rosenman, very much akin to something that the moody Twilight Zone episodes would use. It also at times has the feel of the score Alan Silvestri would rustle up for Predator some 27 years later. Polito's photography is crisp, where in conjunction with Pevney's camera angles and lighting techniques keeps the claustrophobia factor high in this one location setting.\r\n\r\nCrackerjack! A dandy of a black and white Oater waiting to be discovered by more Western fans. It's a keeper for sure. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}