{"tmdb_id": 19463, "title": "Le fant\u00f4me de Canterville", "original_title": "The Canterville Ghost", "slug_title": "le-fantome-de-canterville", "date": "1944-07-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Sir Simon de Canterville est condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 hanter son ch\u00e2teau pour avoir fait preuve de l\u00e2chet\u00e9. Sa mal\u00e9diction ne sera lev\u00e9e que si l'un de ses h\u00e9ritiers commet un acte courageux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7gxDrYdq1JI5AJp21Ez8r6xp9fw.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Laughton (Sir Simon de Canterville / The Ghost)", "Robert Young (Cuffy Williams)", "Margaret O'Brien (Lady Jessica de Canterville)", "William Gargan (Sergeant Benson)", "Reginald Owen (Lord Canterville)", "Una O'Connor (Mrs. Umney)", "Rags Ragland (Big Harry Waters)", "Donald Stuart (Sir Valentine Williams)", "Elisabeth Risdon (Mrs. Polverdine)", "Frank Faylen (Lieutenant John Kane)", "Lumsden Hare (Mr. Potts)", "Mike Mazurki (Metropolus)", "William Moss (Hector)", "Bobby Readick (Eddie)", "Marc Cramer (Bugsy McDougle)", "William Tannen (Jordan)", "Peter Lawford (Anthony de Canterville)", "Jack Lambert (Trigger)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Safe and inoffensive fun.\r\n\r\nSir Simon of Canterville gets roped into fighting a duel for his cousin, realising he faces certain death he flees the field awash with cowardice. His father is so enraged as to this stain on the family honour he walls Simon up in the castle without food and water until death does strike him down. He is doomed to haunt the Canterville castle until a fellow member of the family can commit an act of bravery and thus lift the cowardly stain that has besmirched the Canterville name.\r\n\r\nDoesn't sound much like a comedy does it? But it is, and a very amiable one at that. Loosely based on Oscar Wilde's story of the same name, The Canterville Ghost benefits from a couple of charming performances from Charles Laughton as Simon, and from a young Margaret O'Brien as Lady Jessica de Canterville. Laughton is clearly enjoying himself as the ghost, heavy on the \"woe is me\" theatrics coupled with gusto comedy, it's a very enjoyable performance from the big man. O'Brien is here enjoying being the center of attention and she positively lights up every scene she is in with youthful exuberance. The story follows a well trodden path to its rewarding ending, but it's a fun ride getting there regardless. Things really pick up a pace once a platoon of American soldiers are billeted at the castle and we are introduced to Cuffy Williams (Robert Young), a descendant Canterville of course, but he himself is showing a line in cowardice, so we are then left wondering if Cuffy can indeed show bravery and thus free Simon from his ghostly duties? 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "hORCVMb7F5o"}