{"tmdb_id": 1946, "title": "eXistenZ", "original_title": "eXistenZ", "slug_title": "existenz", "date": "1999-04-14", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction / Horreur"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans un avenir proche, une cr\u00e9atrice de g\u00e9nie, Allegra Geller, a invent\u00e9 une nouvelle g\u00e9n\u00e9ration de jeu qui se connecte directement au systeme nerveux : eXistenZ. Lors de la s\u00e9ance de pr\u00e9sentation du jeu, un fanatique cherche \u00e0 la tuer. Un jeune stagiaire en marketing, Ted Pikul, sauve la vie d'Allegra. Une poursuite effren\u00e9e s'engage autant dans la r\u00e9alit\u00e9 que dans l'univers trouble et mysterieux du jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jvuRnlZvfUnleAZj8g75q4VZedm.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Jason Leigh (Allegra Geller)", "Jude Law (Ted Pikul)", "Ian Holm (Kiri Vinokur)", "Willem Dafoe (Gas)", "Don McKellar (Yevgeny Nourish)", "Oscar Hsu (Chinese Waiter)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Hugo Carlaw)", "Christopher Eccleston (Seminar Leader)", "Sarah Polley (Merle)", "Robert A. Silverman (D'Arcy Nader)", "Kris Lemche (Noel Dichter)", "Vik Sahay (Male Assistant)", "Kirsten Johnson (Female Assistant)", "James Kirchner (Landry)", "Bal\u00e1zs Ko\u00f3s (Male Volunteer)", "Stephanie Belding (Female Volunteer)", "Gerry Quigley (Trout Farm Worker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Free will is obviously not a big factor in this little world of ours.\r\n\r\nHee, yet another David Cronenberg picture that divides opinions, not just among the casual film watchers, but also his most ardent fans.\r\n\r\nPlot is a little nutty in actuality, as it finds Jennifer Jason Leigh as the world's most high profile games designer. While testing her new virtual reality game out with a focus group, an assassination attempt puts her on the run with an ally of sorts, marketing man Ted Pikul (Jude Law). With the prototype of the new game in their possession, the pair must enter the game's realm to unlock the various puzzles and threats that now confounds and stalks them.\r\n\r\nWith Cronenberg back to writing something solely from his own head, eXistenZ finds the Canadian auteur happy to be back making a truer piece of work for his kinked visions. Unfortunately the advent of such virtual reality fare and various realist themes was well in filmic swing come the time eXistenZ was released, rendering it in some eyes as a band wagon jumper. That's unfair, because it's still a unique film, as Cronenberg blends body horror with visual invention to create a mind warp of gaming possibilities, a thrum thrum of futuristic verve. He gets top performances out of Leigh (great hair as well) and Law, while the narrative is constantly tricky enough to demand the viewer pays attention whilst being prepared to, perhaps, be surprised.\r\n\r\nNot prime Cronenberg, but still smart and funky, twisty and nutty, scary and oblique. So very much a Cronenberg original, then. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb81799156", "content": "I'm sorry but this low budget disaster got zero interest from me.  The props were horrid. The story was ridiculous; really, it was just so \"stupid\".  Maybe I should be using bigger words, but this movie was just awful in every way. \r\nI rarely give up on a movie; I feel like someone shouldn't give a movie a bad review unless they've seen the entire thing. I've seen the entire thing, finally.  It was almost painful to get through.  It is just a cheap and dreadful production.  The SyFy channel makes better quality garbage than this."}], "recommandations_id": [837, 281, 2742, 9538], "youtube_key": "IEuykd38iNE"}