{"tmdb_id": 195810, "title": "Penrod and Sam", "original_title": "Penrod and Sam", "slug_title": "penrod-and-sam", "date": "1931-10-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Few novels are as loved as Penrod and Sam, Booth Tarkington\u2019s warmhearted evocation of growing up in small-town America. This first talkie film version is a charmer, capturing the adventures, laughs and sorrows of the book. Best pals Penrod and Sam are leaders of a super-secret neighborhood society, the In-Or-In Boys Club. Troubles arise when a pompous prig tries to join the club and when the boys lose their clubhouse in a land sale. But there\u2019s also plenty of time to play pranks, put on a carnival, experience the pangs of first love, and romp with Duke, the world\u2019s best dog. William Beaudine directs. Exceptionally prolific, amassing nearly 400 directing credits during his career, Beaudine would later demonstrate the same skill with childhood stories he proves in this film with the popular 1950\u2019s TV shows The Adventures of Spin and Marty and The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e7uAASiasX33AihyH2zFFwOuZ7l.jpg", "actors": ["Leon Janney (Penrod Schofield)", "Frank Coghlan Jr. (Sam Williams)", "Margaret Marquis (Marjorie Jones)", "Dorothy Peterson (Mary Schofield)", "Matt Moore (Henry Schofield)", "Zasu Pitts (Mrs. Bassett)", "Johnny Arthur (Mr. Bassett)", "Billy Lord (Georgie Hemingway Bassett)", "Elizabeth Patterson (Schoolteacher)", "Charles Sellon (Mr. Bitts)", "Michael Stuart (Rodney Bitts)", "Helen Beaudine (Margaret Shofield)", "Gertrude Howard (Delia)", "Jimmy Robinson (Herman Washington)", "Robert Dandridge (Verman Washington)", "Wade Boteler (Mr. Williams)", "Betty Jane Graham ('Baby' Amy Rensdale (uncredited))", "Beaudine Anderson (Boy)", "Billy Byrne (Pudge Brown)", "Gus Leonard (Violinist at Birthday Party)", "Albert Schaefer (Piggy Nelson)", "Dorothy Vernon (Irate Mother at Birthday Party)", "Sidney Miller (Maurice Levy (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}