{"tmdb_id": 19615, "title": "Flying By", "original_title": "Flying By", "slug_title": "flying-by", "date": "2009-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "A real estate developer goes to his 25th high school reunion without his wife, and finds his old teenage band playing. They get him up on stage for a couple of songs, and convince him come to a rehearsal. His wife is outraged that he played. His daughter thinks it's kind of cool. His Mother, in a retirement home, encourages him to enjoy life. He feels some temporary relief from the pressures of business complexities and the stress of marriage tensions. The band gets booked at a popular bar, which leads to a last minute booking to open for a reunion tour, with the possibility of additional tour dates. But the band has internal conflicts. He faces a tough decision to give it a shot even though it will affect his marriage, his family, particularly his daughter, and his business.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xLMv1cpLK3qrvF0ehNEkowWXaFB.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Ray Cyrus (George)", "Heather Locklear (Pamela)", "Ahnaise Christmas (Rachel)", "Arabella Field (Beth)", "Mo Collins (Kate)", "Sidney Franklin (Young Willy)", "Robert Gossett (Michael)", "David Haack (Alan)", "Judith Hoag (Vicki)", "Ted Hutton (Freddy)", "Steven B. Jarnicki (T.V. Commentator)", "Eric Allan Kramer (Steve)", "Kevin Montgomery (Young George Barron)", "Katie Leclerc (Ally)", "Cheryl Noe (Mira)", "Gene Rathswohl (Rick)", "Patricia Neal (Margie)", "Olesya Rulin (Ellie)", "Stephen Michael Shearer (Doctor)", "Mona Jo Trowbridge (Linda)", "Myk Watford (Willy)", "David Zayas (Tony)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}