{"tmdb_id": 19661, "title": "Mirage", "original_title": "Mirage", "slug_title": "mirage", "date": "1965-10-29", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "David Stillwell perd la m\u00e9moire alors qu'il descend des escaliers dans un immeuble en panne d'\u00e9lectricit\u00e9. Il est incapable de se souvenir pr\u00e9cis\u00e9ment de son travail, les endroits dont il se souvient n'existent pas et il r\u00e9alise qu'il est m\u00eal\u00e9 \u00e0 une affaire pour lequel certains individus sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 tuer. Pour sortir de son amn\u00e9sie, il tente de reconstituer son pass\u00e9, aid\u00e9 par un d\u00e9tective priv\u00e9 et une amie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lo7n5IOKUbQXlqGJf4ZBUs3tytU.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (David Stillwell)", "Diane Baker (Shela)", "Walter Matthau (Ted Caselle)", "Kevin McCarthy (Sylvester Josephson)", "Jack Weston (Lester)", "Leif Erickson (The Major)", "Walter Abel (Charles Stewart Calvin)", "George Kennedy (Willard)", "Robert H. Harris (Dr. Broden)", "Anne Seymour (Frances)", "House Jameson (Bo)", "Hari Rhodes (Lt. Franken)", "Syl Lamont (Benny)", "Eileen Baral (Irene)", "Neil Fitzgerald (Joe Turtle)", "Franklin Cover (Group Leader)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Myriad Maze of Mental Mirages.\r\n\r\nMirage is directed by Edward Dmytryk and adapted by Peter Stone from a book written by Howard Fast. It stars Gregory Peck, Diane Baker, Walter Matthau, Kevin McCarthy, Leif Erickson and George Kennedy. Music is scored by Quincy Jones and cinematography by Joseph MacDonald.\r\n\r\nDavid Stillwell (Peck) finds he is suffering from Unconscious Amnesia and that he has blacked out the events of the previous two years. That's rare, but Stillwell must find out what happened because he might have a lover, has shifty characters after him and he may even have committed murder?\r\n\r\n20 years after appearing in the tricksy and turny psychological thriller Spellbound for Alfred Hitchcock, Gregory Peck jumps into the same type of shoes with a modicum of success. It's a little too contrived for its own good, with the odd character serving to the plot as god knows what? Seriously, what is Baker doing here? While the weak ending doesn't pay off on the suspense and mystery that had previously been well orchestrated by Dmytryk. On the plus side is the shadowy black and white photography by MacDonald, giving the film an edge, and the use of real New York locations lend the film some serio worth.\r\n\r\nMatthau slips in and steals the film from an efficient Peck, and Kennedy and McCarthy score well as muscle and shifty respectively. It's not essential as a Peck or Dmytryk piece, or as a politico/mystery thriller, but enough interest within to keep it above average and Matthau more than makes it worth while. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [81741, 47149, 28290, 43750]}