{"tmdb_id": 196784, "title": "Rio Verde", "original_title": "Something Big", "slug_title": "rio-verde", "date": "1971-11-19", "genre": ["Western / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Joe Baker a un r\u00eave. Il veut faire \u00abquelque chose de grand.\" Quand il a besoin d'une mitrailleuse Gatling pour ce faire, il cherche un march\u00e9 noir. Le prix qu'il veut pour l'arme \u00e0 feu? Une femme! Alors Baker kidnappe une femme hors de la diligence, pour constater qu'elle est l'\u00e9pouse du commandant du d\u00e9tachement de cavalerie locale. Les choses se compliquent encore quand une jeune fille nomm\u00e9e Dover McBride montre. Elle est venue \u00e0 la force Baker de l'\u00e9pouser et de revenir \u00e0 l'est, comme il a promis de faire quatre ans plus t\u00f4t.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bhcClkla3X7sLzkjX95Wy41DubQ.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Martin (Joe Baker)", "Brian Keith (Col. Morgan)", "Carol White (Dover McBride)", "Honor Blackman (Mary Anna Morgan)", "Ben Johnson (Jesse Bookbinder)", "Albert Salmi (Jonny Cobb)", "Joyce Van Patten (Polly Standall)", "Denver Pyle (Junior Frisbee)", "Merlin Olsen (Sgt. Fitzsimmons)", "Robert Donner (Angel Moon)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Joe Pickins)", "Paul Fix (Chief Yellow Sun)", "David Huddleston (Malachi Morton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Something mediocre\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1971 and directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, \"Something Big\" is a tongue-in-cheek Western starring Dean Martin as aging outlaw, Joe Baker, who unknowingly kidnaps the wife (Honor Blackman) of a cavalry commander (Brian Keith) in order to obtain a Gatling gun from a scumbag gunrunner (Albert Salmi). Ben Johnson plays a scout while Carol White appears as the wannabe fianc\u00e9 of Baker. \r\n\r\nThe title refers to \u2018something big\u2019 that Joe Baker is supposed to do before retiring from outlawry with several of the characters citing the line; a quaint idea, but it\u2019s not funny and gets old after a while. The opening act is a dud with nothing stimulating happening to draw the viewer into the story. There are several curious props (a skeleton, a dog, bagpipes and a peg leg), but they fail to stir much interest. Things finally perk up in the second half, but not enough to save the movie. \r\n\r\nOne huge problem is the idea that this antihero we\u2019re supposed to like is engaged in something way too unsavory (kidnaping the innocent wife to offer to the odious gunrunner, which amounts to slavery). Martin was able to get away with this type of character in the excellent \u201cBandolero!\u201d (1968) because his crimes weren\u2019t so abhorrent; not so here.\r\n\r\nThere are some good bits, however, like the two man-hungry women living in the remote wilderness (Joyce Van Patten & Judi Meredith). Nevertheless, it\u2019s obvious why \u201cSomething Big\u201d has been condemned to cinematic obscurity, never being released to VHS and barely making it to DVD in 2012.           \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 48 minutes and was shot in Durango, Mexico. WRITER: James Lee Barrett.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [175076, 72460, 254298, 44071], "youtube_key": "notfound"}