{"tmdb_id": 196, "title": "Retour vers le futur III", "original_title": "Back to the Future Part III", "slug_title": "retour-vers-le-futur-iii", "date": "1990-05-25", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s son voyage mouvement\u00e9 entre pass\u00e9, pr\u00e9sent et futur, Marty McFly apprend par une lettre vieille de cent ans que son vieil ami Emmett \"Doc\" Brown se serait crash\u00e9 en 1885 au volant de sa DeLorean, restant ainsi prisonnier du far-west, sous la menace de Buford \"Molosse\" Tannen qui s'est jur\u00e9 de le tuer. Il n'a que cinq jours pour retrouver Doc et le ramener vivant vers le pr\u00e9sent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6DmgPTZYaug7QNDjOhUDWyjOQDl.jpg", "actors": ["Michael J. Fox (Marty McFly / Seamus McFly)", "Christopher Lloyd (Dr. Emmett Brown)", "Mary Steenburgen (Clara Clayton)", "Thomas F. Wilson (Buford 'Mad Dog' Tannen/Biff Tannen)", "Lea Thompson (Maggie McFly / Lorraine McFly)", "Elisabeth Shue (Jennifer Parker)", "James Tolkan (Marshal James Strickland)", "Matt Clark (Chester the Bartender)", "Christopher Wynne (Buford Tannen's Gang / Needles' Gang)", "Sean Sullivan (Buford Tannen's Gang)", "Mike Watson (Buford Tannen's Gang)", "Foster (Copernicus)", "Freddie (Einstein)", "Marc McClure (Dave McFly)", "Wendie Jo Sperber (Linda McFly)", "Jeffrey Weissman (George McFly)", "Flea (Douglas J. Needles)", "J.J. Cohen (Needles' Gang)", "Ricky Dean Logan (Needles' Gang)", "Dean Cundey (Photographer)", "Richard Dysart (Barbwire Salesman)", "Pat Buttram (Saloon Old Timer)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Saloon Old Timer)", "Dub Taylor (Saloon Old Timer)", "Hugh Gillin (Mayor Hubert)", "Burton Gilliam (Colt Gun Salesman)", "Bill McKinney (Engineer)", "Donovan Scott (Deputy)", "Marvin J. McIntyre (Mortician)", "Kaleb Henley (Strickland's Son)", "Todd Cameron Brown (Jules Brown)", "Dannel Evans (Verne Brown)", "Leslie A. Prickett (Celebration Man)", "Jo B. Cummings (Pie Lady)", "Steve McArthur (Festival Man #1)", "John Ickes (Festival Man #2)", "James A. Rammel (Festival Dance Caller)", "Michael Klastorin (Townsman #1)", "Michael Mills (Townsman #2)", "Flea (Needles)", "Kenny Myers (Townsman #3)", "Brad McPeters (Eyepatch)", "Phinnaes D. (Toothless)", "Rod Kuehne (Ticket Agent)", "Leno Fletcher (Conductor)", "Joey Newington (Joey)", "Larry Ingold (Train Fireman)", "Tim Konrad (Barbwire Salesman's Companion)", "Glenn Fox (Boy with Gun)", "Frank Beard (Party Band Member #1 (uncredited))", "Billy Gibbons (Party Band Member #2 (uncredited))", "Dorothy Hack (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Dusty Hill (Party Band Member #3 (uncredited))", "Marion Tumen (Prostitute at Palace Saloon (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oh, I know you did send me back to the future. But I'm back! I'm back from the future.\r\n\r\nDoc Brown is back in 1885 in the Old West, soon to be joined by Marty who has found that Doc is in mortal danger from Burford \"Mad-Dog\" Tannen.\r\n\r\nRounding out what turned out to be a hugely popular trilogy, Back to the Future Part III restored the core essence heart of Part 1, whilst simultaneously tying up all the threads with a fully formed story. More sedate in its telling {not hard following on from the manic pacing of part 2} part 3 fuses science fiction malarkey with, well, Western malarkey. All played out with the usual array of clever jokes and series reprises, only in a Wild Wild West setting. An interesting point to note is how the roles of Doc & Marty have been reversed from the first film, here Marty is the maniacal plot axis, whizzing around getting into scrapes as Doc ambles around in love, courtesy of the delightfully classic looking Mary Steenburgen as Clara Clayton. Thomas F. Wilson returns for villain duties as Tannen, a Western bully villain pulled straight out of many a classic Oater from way back in the day, and Lea Thompson & Elisabeth Shue ensure the \"past\" is not forgotten.\r\n\r\nWhen Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale started making Back To The Future in 1985, could they have envisaged that they would make three films and end up with a steam engine time machine in the Wild West? Possibly not, but as part 3 hurtles {literally} towards its suspense laden finale, two things are for certain. One is that they wisely closed the series down with a surefire coda winner. Two is that between them they crafted one of the most entertaining family trilogies to have ever graced the screen. No doubt about the fact that part one is the uniformly class act of the three, but parts two & three themselves reward groups of all ages. Great Scot indeed. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [165, 105, 87, 89], "youtube_key": "3C8c3EoEfw4"}