{"tmdb_id": 197124, "title": "WWE SummerSlam 1991", "original_title": "WWE SummerSlam 1991", "slug_title": "wwe-summerslam-1991", "date": "1991-08-26", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "SummerSlam (1991) was the fourth annual SummerSlam.. It took place on August 26, 1991 at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York.  it is remembered for the on-screen wedding of Randy Savage and Miss Elizabeth, dubbed \"A Match Made in Heaven\" by announcer Vince McMahon.  This was contrasted with \"A Match Made in Hell\", which was a handicap tag team match between WWF Champion Hulk Hogan and The Ultimate Warrior against Sgt. Slaughter, General Adnan and Colonel Mustafa.  Among the other on-screen highlights of the event was The Legion of Doom defeating The Nasty Boys to win the WWF Tag Team Championship. The team became the only tag team in wrestling history to have held the WWF Tag Team Championship, the NWA World Tag Team Championship, and the AWA World Tag Team Championship. Another highlight was Bret Hart winning his first singles championship in the WWF when he defeated Mr. Perfect for the WWF Intercontinental Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cCXpwwkMqHhX6MDibS458T0t2G5.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Robert Remus (Sgt. Slaughter)", "Khosrow Vaziri (Colonel Mustafa)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (Animal)", "Michael James Hegstrand (Hawk)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Sherri Martel (Sensational Sherri)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Earthquake)", "Fred Ottman (Typhoon)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Davey Boy Smith (British Bulldog)", "Kerry Von Erich (The Texas Tornado)", "Richard Henry Blood Sr. (Ricky \"The Dragon\" Steamboat)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Ihivnf2cC3c"}