{"tmdb_id": 197112, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 1989", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 1989", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-1989", "date": "1989-11-23", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.8/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series (1989) was the third annual Survivor Series professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on Thanksgiving Day, November 23, 1989 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. This was the first Survivor Series event to feature team names. It was also the first Survivor Series to feature four-on-four tag matches instead of five-on-five.  The main event was a four-on-four Survivor Series match where The Ultimate Warriors (WWF Intercontinental Champion The Ultimate Warrior, The Rockers (Shawn Michaels and Marty Jannetty) and Jim Neidhart) defeated The Heenan Family (Bobby Heenan, Colossal Connection (Andr\u00e9 the Giant and Haku) and Arn Anderson). The undercard also featured Survivor Series matches.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ulhnigSFNyRnsZBBYZigYaFmUcb.jpg", "actors": ["The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)", "Bobby Heenan (Himself)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Tonga Fifita (Haku)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Richard Erwin Rood (Rick Rude)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Roddy Piper (Himself)", "James Reiher (Jimmy Snuka)", "Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Himself)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Tom Lister Jr. (Zeus)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Randy Savage (\"Macho King\" Randy Savage)", "Adolph Bresciano (Himself)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Sherri Martel (Sensational Sherri)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Himself)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Virgil Riley Runnels, Jr. (Dusty Rhodes)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "The Honky Tonk Man (The Honky Tonk Man)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Canadian Earthquake)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Jacques Rougeau (Himself)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Ih5vk3yabD8"}