{"tmdb_id": 197141, "title": "WWE King of the Ring 1994", "original_title": "WWE King of the Ring 1994", "slug_title": "wwe-king-of-the-ring-1994", "date": "1994-06-19", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "King of the Ring (1994) was the second annual King of the Ring. It took place on June 19, 1994 at the Baltimore Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. \"King of the Ring\" is also the name of the tournament that was the focus of this pay-per-view event.  Owen Hart won the tournament by defeating Doink the Clown to qualify and by winning three matches at the pay-per-view. Over the course of the evening, he defeated Tatanka in the quarter-finals, the 1\u20132\u20133 Kid in the semi-finals and Razor Ramon in the final match. He used his coronation ceremony to criticize his brother Bret, with whom he was feuding.  The main event match was a grudge match between two semi-retired wrestlers, Jerry Lawler and \"Rowdy\" Roddy Piper, which Piper won. The undercard also featured Bret Hart defending his WWF Championship against Diesel. The other match was for the WWF Tag Team Championship, in which The Headshrinkers successfully defended the belts against the team of Yokozuna and Crush.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5kWtiFdNqk9gqOtumSc4RZsHhrX.jpg", "actors": ["Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Sean Michael Waltman (1-2-3 Kid)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Mabel)", "Roddy Piper (Himself)", "Jerry Lawler (Jerry \"The King\" Lawler)", "Samula Anoai (Samu)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Louis Vincent Albano (Captain Lou Albano)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Brian Adams (Crush)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "wxihmdSOz_Y"}