{"tmdb_id": 197114, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 1990", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 1990", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-1990", "date": "1990-11-22", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series (1990) was the fourth annual Survivor Series pay-per-view professional wrestling event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on Thanksgiving Day, November 22, 1990 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford, Connecticut.  This Survivor Series saw the on-screen WWF debut of The Undertaker, who went on to become WWF Champion at the next Survivor Series one year later, and the debut of the Gobbledy Gooker. In addition, Sgt. Slaughter \u2014 who was then using an Iraqi sympathizer heel gimmick \u2014 delivered a promo where he insulted servicemen stationed in Iraq for Thanksgiving during Operation Desert Shield. Randy Savage, as the \"Macho King\", was interviewed by \"Mean\" Gene Okerlund, and issued a challenge to the Ultimate Warrior for the WWF Championship. Ravishing Rick Rude was replaced by Haku after being suspended by WWF President Jack Tunney for insulting the mother of the Big Boss Man.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tVBGzE2cVylGh3uiDydYouLtqpO.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Robert Remus (Sgt. Slaughter)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Himself)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (Earthquake)", "Tonga Fifita (Haku)", "Adolph Bresciano (Himself)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Bobby Heenan (Himself)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Himself)", "James Reiher (Jimmy Snuka)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Brian Adams (Crush)", "Michael James Hegstrand (Hawk)", "Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (Animal)", "Fred Ottman (Tugboat)", "The Honky Tonk Man (The Honky Tonk Man)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Mike Jones (Virgil)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}