{"tmdb_id": 197136, "title": "WWE King of the Ring 1993", "original_title": "WWE King of the Ring 1993", "slug_title": "wwe-king-of-the-ring-1993", "date": "1993-06-13", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "This was the first of 10 King of the Ring events that was produced as a pay-per-view. It took place on June 13, 1993 at the Nutter Center in Dayton, Ohio.  The central focus of this PPV event was the tournament itself. Wrestlers gained entry into the tournament by participating in qualifying matches on WWF TV program. Bret Hart won the tournament by defeating Razor Ramon, Mr. Perfect, and Bam Bam Bigelow. He was attacked by Jerry Lawler during a coronation ceremony, which led to a feud that lasted more than two years. In addition to the tournament, the event featured Yokozuna defeating Hulk Hogan for the WWF Championship as well as Shawn Michaels retaining his belt in a match against Crush for the WWF Intercontinental Championship.  The match for the Intercontinental Championship has received positive reviews, but the ending to the WWF Championship match, which featured Hulk Hogan in his final PPV appearance in the WWF until 2002, has been criticized.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aQpuQ3t1SBDcwy7K9QiytL9dacd.jpg", "actors": ["Bret Hart (Himself)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (\"Hacksaw\" Jim Duggan)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Brian Adams (Crush)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Charles Wright (Papa Shango)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Robert Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Samula Anoai (Samu)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Bill Gunn)", "Mike Polchlopek (Bart Gunn)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "ulCisPw8vdU"}