{"tmdb_id": 197133, "title": "WWE SummerSlam 1993", "original_title": "WWE SummerSlam 1993", "slug_title": "wwe-summerslam-1993", "date": "1993-08-30", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "SummerSlam (1993) was the sixth annual SummerSlam. It took place on August 30, 1993 at The Palace of Auburn Hills in Auburn Hills, Michigan.  All three championships were defended at SummerSlam. The Steiner Brothers defended the WWF Tag Team Championship against The Heavenly Bodies, and Shawn Michaels defended the WWF Intercontinental Championship against Mr. Perfect. The main event saw Lex Luger challenge Yokozuna for the WWF Championship. In addition to the title matches, Bret Hart and Jerry Lawler were scheduled to wrestle to settle their feud and determine who would be named \"Undisputed King of the World Wrestling Federation.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zNTlTaOrXIgPCoYPKMRLASgbdI9.jpg", "actors": ["Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy Gunn)", "Mike Polchlopek (Bart Gunn)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Samula Anoai (Samu)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Jerry Lawler (Jerry \"The King\" Lawler)", "Matthew Wade Osborne (Doink the Clown)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Sean Michael Waltman (1-2-3 Kid)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Robert Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "cz9ToG9ZsOg"}