{"tmdb_id": 197143, "title": "WWE SummerSlam 1994", "original_title": "WWE SummerSlam 1994", "slug_title": "wwe-summerslam-1994", "date": "1994-08-29", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "SummerSlam (1994) was the seventh annual SummerSlam. It was held on August 29, 1994 at the newly opened United Center in Chicago, Illinois.  The pay-per-view had two main events. The first featured Owen Hart fighting his brother Bret Hart in a steel cage match. The other main event was a match between the real Undertaker and an impostor Undertaker.  The undercard featured a match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship between Diesel and Razor Ramon, which Ramon won to regain the title. The other major angle going into SummerSlam was a feud in which Tatanka accused Lex Luger of joining the Million Dollar Corporation, a stable of heel wrestlers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rLRFraDKl466oUC1a0WY8GyV6xf.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Mabel)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Samula Anoai (Samu)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Louis Vincent Albano (Captain Lou Albano)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "N0-aioUQ58I"}