{"tmdb_id": 197142, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 1994", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 1994", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-1994", "date": "1994-11-23", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series took place on Thanksgiving Eve, November 23, 1994 at the Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. It was also the last Survivor Series to take place on the traditional Thanksgiving/Thanksgiving Eve date the show had always occupied since its inception. Two main event matches were held; in the first, Bob Backlund faced Bret Hart for the WWF Championship in a submission match. In the other main event, The Undertaker went up against Yokozuna in a casket match. The event also featured three elimination matches and two singles matches. Razor Ramon led The Bad Guys against Diesel's team of The Teamsters. Doink the Clown teamed with three midgets to form Clowns R' Us in a match against The Royal Family, composed of Jerry Lawler and three midgets. Lex Luger led Guts and Glory against the Million Dollar Corporation team, which was managed by Ted DiBiase.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ruzcQAopNfENmtrKZjcZne8Wl3Z.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Christopher Alan Pallies (Himself)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Mabel)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy Gunn)", "Mike Polchlopek (Bart Gunn)", "Robert Louis Backlund (Himself)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog)", "Jerry Lawler (Jerry \"The King\" Lawler)", "Ray Apollo (Doink the Clown)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Sean Michael Waltman (1-2-3 Kid)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Louis Vincent Albano (Captain Lou Albano)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "_3dWt_H3vsQ"}