{"tmdb_id": 19740, "title": "La kermesse des Aigles", "original_title": "The Great Waldo Pepper", "slug_title": "la-kermesse-des-aigles", "date": "1975-03-13", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 1920, aux \u00c9tats-Unis, la vie de pilotes, anciens \u00ab h\u00e9ros de la grande guerre \u00bb, et leurs diverses et difficiles reconversion professionnelles.  Apr\u00e8s la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale, l'aviateur Waldo Pepper gagne sa vie et satisfait sa passion pour le pilotage en donnant des spectacles a\u00e9riens et des bapt\u00eames de l'air aux citoyens de petites villes am\u00e9ricaines. Il demeure secr\u00e8tement bless\u00e9 de n'\u00eatre jamais devenu un grand as, ayant pass\u00e9 un long temps comme instructeur dans une \u00e9cole de pilotage. Par d\u00e9pit, il pr\u00e9tend, durant ses spectacles, avoir surv\u00e9cu \u00e0 un affrontement contre l'as allemand Ernst Kessler qui l'aurait chevaleresquement \u00e9pargn\u00e9 en constatant que ses mitrailleuses s'\u00e9taient enray\u00e9es.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/678TgfbANh1hj4KPUo9APbMBaut.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Redford (Waldo Pepper)", "Susan Sarandon (Mary Beth)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Newt)", "Bo Svenson (Axel Olsson)", "Bo Brundin (Ernst Kessler)", "Edward Herrmann (Ezra Stiles)", "Philip Bruns (Dilhoefer)", "Margot Kidder (Maude)", "Roderick Cook (Werfel)", "Kelly Jean Peters (Patsy)", "Scott Newman (Duke)", "Marilyn Burns ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "Former World War I pilot Waldo Pepper barnstorms across rural America, giving 5 minute rides to skeptical townsfolk. Clearly the people behind this project love aviation and capture the feel of the post-World-War-I era when \"the sky's the limit\" was literally true. \r\n\r\nThe downside of early aviation is shown via the ups and downs of \"Doc Dilhoefer's Flying Circus,\" where a novice wing walker freezes in place. The long arm of the FAA catches up to Waldo because \"it's time that aviation got civilized.\" With limited opportunities after being grounded for life, Waldo finds salvation at the movies, where danger is ever-present in the rickety, worn-out planes and fatal stunts for the camera. \r\n\r\nAn old nemesis that Waldo missed meeting over France, Ernst Kessler (Ernst Udet?), arrives for the next project--the epic three vs. one dogfight. With the FAA closing in, Waldo's days in the air are numbered, though he's in better shape than the down-at-heels Kessler. Waldo and Kessler leave their parachutes behind as the cameras roll; this aerial ballet is going to be a battle! 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18446, 66775, 94623, 166607]}