{"tmdb_id": 197562, "title": "An Enemy of the People", "original_title": "Ganashatru", "slug_title": "an-enemy-of-the-people", "date": "1990-01-19", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Legendary Indian film director Satyajit Ray developed this project based on a classic play by Henryk Ibsen because his doctor wanted him to only shoot films in a studio. The story has been transferred to Bengal, and Bengali is the language used in the film. In the story, Dr. Ashoke Gupta (Soumitra Chatterji) is an idealistic doctor working in a town near Calcutta. He discovers that the water at a popular temple is the source of an outbreak of typhoid and hepatitis. In order to save lives, he risks his career to try and call attention to this polluted water source. His efforts are thwarted by a local group of building contractors, who attempt to discredit him in various ways. Despite that, Dr. Gupta has supporters, and a reporter from Calcutta offers to tell his story in the papers there.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iGvS0S6QhN4aRvzMs1OYL75HIrv.jpg", "actors": ["Soumitra Chatterjee (Dr. Ashok Gupta)", "Dhritiman Chatterjee (Nishith Gupta)", "Dipankar Dey (Haridas Bagchi)", "Ruma Guha Thakurta (Maya Gupta)", "Mamata Shankar (Indrani Gupta)", "Subhendu Chatterjee (Biresh Guha (as Subhendu Chattopadhyay))", "Manoj Mitra ()", "Bhishma Guhathakurta (Ranen Haldar)", "Satya Bannerjee (Landlord (as Satya Bandyopadhyay))", "Rajaram Yagnik (Mr. Bhargav)", "Ashok Bera ()", "Buddhadeb Bhattacharya ()", "Sharmi Chakraborty ()", "Ajit Chatterjee ()", "Purna Chattopadhyay ()", "Arup Pal Chowdhury ()", "Bishwanath Dasgupta ()", "Kamal Deb ()", "Subhashish Dutta ()", "Prabir Ganguly ()", "Pinaki Ghosh ()", "Tinu Ghosh ()", "Sourin Maity ()", "Somenath Majumdar ()", "Gobinda Mukherjee ()", "Monu Mukherjee ()", "Purnendu Mukherjee ()", "Subhransu Mukherjee ()", "Prabhat Mukhopadhyay ((as Prabhat Mukherjee))", "Sunil Nath ()", "Shankar Patra ()", "Pramod Ranjan Prasad ((as Pramodranjan Prasad))", "Kumar Saha ()", "Masur Sengupta ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [43027, 213763, 166204, 138030], "youtube_key": "notfound"}