{"tmdb_id": 197642, "title": "Du sang dans la sierra", "original_title": "Relentless", "slug_title": "du-sang-dans-la-sierra", "date": "1948-06-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Nick Buckley (Robert Young) arrive dans une petite ville mini\u00e8re o\u00f9 il cherche un abri le temps que sa jument mette bas. Sur place, deux vieux prospecteurs qui viennent de trouver un filon lui proposent de venir faire une halte dans leur petite cabane. Dans le m\u00eame temps, Nick fait la connaissance de Luella (Marguerite Chapman), une vendeuse ambulante qui lui prodigue provisions et conseils. Ayant claironn\u00e9 un peu fort leur nouvelle fortune, les deux chercheurs d\u2019or se font assassiner la nuit-m\u00eame, les criminels subtilisant leur \"carte au tr\u00e9sor\". Tous les soup\u00e7ons se portent \u00e9videmment sur Nick qui, activement pris en chasse par le sh\u00e9rif (Willard Parker) et ses hommes, n\u2019a d\u2019autre solution que de fuir avec l\u2019aide de Luella.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oQZU9s2fFeQoMHTyWItaAkbGcMt.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Young (Nick Buckley)", "Marguerite Chapman (Luella Purdy)", "Willard Parker (Jeff Moyer)", "Akim Tamiroff (Joe Faringo)", "Barton MacLane (Tex Brandow)", "Mike Mazurki (Jake)", "Robert Barrat (Ed Simpson)", "Clem Bevans (Dad)", "Frank Fenton (Jim Rupple)", "Hank Patterson (Bob Pliny)", "Paul E. Burns (Len Briggs)", "Emmett Lynn (Nester)", "Will Wright (Sam - the Horse Dealer)", "Joseph Crehan (Doctor)", "Harry Tyler (Charlie, the Bartender)", "Olin Howland (Veterinarian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Pursuers!\r\n\r\nRelentless is directed by George Sherman and adapted to screenplay by Winston Miller from the story Three Were Thoroughbreds by Kenneth Perkins. It stars Robert Young, Marguerite Chapman, Willard Parker, Akim Tamiroff and Barton MacLane. Music is by Marlin Skiles and cinematography by Edward Cronjager.\r\n\r\nYoung plays cowboy Nick Buckley who after being wrongly accused of murder has to stay one step ahead of the law in order to prove his innocence.\r\n\r\nOn a narrative basis this can hold its head up as being a touch more realistic than other fare of the decade. For sure there be contrivances and itchy coincidences, but nothing that insults the intelligence. Aside form the most appealing technical aspects, where the vistas and colour photography sparkle, the cast are likeable beings who are easy to engage with. There's a bit of thought gone into not making Chapman's gal role a token one, while the plot strand involving the equines in Buckley's life is both interesting and poignant. Action is competently staged by the wily Sherman, who in turn steers the pic safely to the expected conclusion.\r\n\r\nA pleasing Oater that while not pushing any sort of boundaries or psychological depth, is sure to entertain fans of 40s and 50s Westerns. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38807], "youtube_key": "notfound"}