{"tmdb_id": 198167, "title": "Ephraim's Rescue", "original_title": "Ephraim's Rescue", "slug_title": "ephraim-s-rescue", "date": "2013-05-31", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jnkvykDE5uHWhcCoPjnhF4x6T4F.jpg", "actors": ["Darin Southam (Ephraim Hanks)", "Cameron Asay (Reddick Allred)", "James Gaisford (Thomas Dobson)", "Rick Macy ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "They say it was based on the true story of a man who lived in the latter half of the 1800s. Kind of the biographical movie, but largely inspired from the real incidents rather than story from one man's perspective. The story narrates from the two sets of actors that they come together at the end. One from the Utah, American and other from British pilgrims.\r\n\r\nThe theme was related to the religious and a man with the healing power. Few scenes are hard to accept as it makes no sense when it comes to the reality of life on the earth. As a fictional movie about human spirit it is a lovable movie and I liked it, but as a real perhaps no one buys it. Because it is like the adult version of what kids believe, Santa and fairies.\r\n\r\nIt might be a B stream movie, but the quality was very good with the decent performances and great musics. The thing is, the true story and its logic totally demerged from my perspective. Who knows if you are a man of god, a religious type, then you may going like it.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [293859]}