{"tmdb_id": 198331, "title": "Shania Twain: Up! Close & Personal", "original_title": "Shania Twain: Up! Close & Personal", "slug_title": "shania-twain-up-close-personal", "date": "2004-11-08", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "In the spirit and set up of Elvis' 1968 concert special, Shania Twain's UP! CLOSE AND PERSONAL performance was filmed in front of an intimate audience that later aired as a NBC concert event special.  This unique and magical concert experience containes over 60 minutes of footage including performances of some of Shania's biggest hits and an interpretaation of the AC/DC classic \"You Shook Me All Night Long,\" all accompanied by friends and multi-Grammy award winning Alison Krauss and Union Station.  Track listing: 1.  I'm Gonna Getcha Good!  / 2.  Ain't No Particular Way  / 3.  From This Moment On  / 4.  Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been under?  / 5.  I Ain't Goin' Down  / 6.  Up!  / 7.  You're Still The One  / 8.  I'm Holdin' On To Love (To Save My Life)  / 9.  She's Not Just A Pretty Face  / 10.  Forever And For Always  / 11.  In My Car (I'll Be The Driver)  / 12.  You Shook Me All Night Long", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/myL2HCL49qD2FRojBEjIMTKJ0Kj.jpg", "actors": ["Shania Twain (herself)", "Alison Krauss (herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "boobfan", "content": "**Shania** knows how to put on a great show for her fans. This setting is even more intimate than the all-around arena she had during her Up! world tour. This special features songs from Up! Come On Over and The Woman In Me. But most of all, she performs with **Alisson Krauss** and **Union Station** on this special! I got to see it on NBC and absolutely loved it! It gave it a home-feel sound to the songs. Very country-ish if you will. This is a must for all SHANIA fans! here and all over! The best thing about this performance is she does her own rendition of AC/DC's classic \"You Shook Me All Night Long\" with some of the lyrics redone. LUV IT TO PIECES! \r\n\r\n> By J. Sumaran"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "qb4B8ogo65U"}