{"tmdb_id": 198783, "title": "La main rouge", "original_title": "Den r\u00f8de kappe", "slug_title": "la-main-rouge", "date": "1967-01-16", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "The mountain slopes of Iceland are shown to excellent advantage in the Scandinavian epic Hagbard and Signe. The story, based on an ancient legend, concerns Hagbard (Oleg Vidov), the son of a slain Norse king. Seeking revenge against the rival clan responsible for the killing, Hagbard calms down long enough to establish a truce. He also falls in love with Signe (Gitte Haenning), daughter of his onetime enemy. Signe's former beau, sizzling with jealousy, breaks the truce and makes it appear that Hagbard was responsible. The young prince escapes, but returns disguised as a woman to his beloved Signe. Thanks to a treacherous handmaiden, both lovers are imprisoned and sentenced to be hanged. Rather than undergo this final ignominy, Hagbard and Signe enter into a suicide pact. A Danish/ Swedish/ Icelandic coproduction, Hagbard and Signe was released throughout Scandinavia as Den Rode Kappe, Den Rodda Kappan and Rautha Skikkjan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1tCPRqYhPtg2ZvEoFrtW19Nv9vh.jpg", "actors": ["Oleg Vidov (Hagbard)", "Gitte H\u00e6nning (Signe)", "Eva Dahlbeck (The Queen)", "Birgitte Federspiel (King Hamund's widow)", "Lisbeth Movin (Bengerd)", "Johannes Meyer (Bilvis)", "H\u00e5kan Jahnberg (Bolvis)", "Manfred Reddemann (Hildegisl)", "Henning Palner (Hake)", "Gisli Alfredsson (Sigvald)", "Folmer Rub\u00e6k (Helvin)", "Borgar Gar\u00f0arsson (Alf)", "J\u00f6rgen Lantz (King Hammond)", "Frederik Tharaldsen (Alger)", "Sisse Reingaard (Rigmor)", "Gunnar Bj\u00f6rnstrand (King Sigvor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [160413], "youtube_key": "notfound"}