{"tmdb_id": 198961, "title": "Le Dernier T\u00e9moin", "original_title": "Der letzte Zeuge", "slug_title": "le-dernier-temoin", "date": "1960-12-30", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Director Wolfgang Staudte who left East Germany in 1953 to make movies in West Germany, takes a few swipes at the West German judicial system in this fairly effective courtroom drama about the murder of a four-month-old baby. Police almost immediately arrest the mother Ingrid (Ellen Schwiers) who is the mistress of the father, a rich business VIP married to another woman. His position and wealth keep him insulated from suspicion. A hot-shot lawyer (Hanns Lothar) has to overcome the unaccountably biased perceptions of the police, the judge, the prosecutor and almost everyone else in the judicial system. The defence lawyer, driven to an extreme, knows he has to find the real killer or his client will be convicted.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zsypzkE1dt6jt4yF60UwAHR1jTB.jpg", "actors": ["Ellen Schwiers (Ingrid Bernhardy)", "Martin Held (Direktor Werner Rameil)", "Hanns Lothar (Rechtsanwalt Dr. Fox)", "J\u00fcrgen Goslar (Dr. Heinz Stephan)", "Adelheid Seeck (Gerda Rameil)", "Werner Hinz (Landgerichtsrat Ricker)", "Siegfried Wischnewski (Kriminalinspektor Gerhuf)", "Harald Juhnke (Kriminalsekret\u00e4r Wenzel)", "Lucie Mannheim (Frau Bernhardy)", "Blandine Ebinger (Gymnastiklehrerin)", "Martin Berliner (Beamter beim Nachlassgericht)", "Otto Graf (Anwalt Dr. Beyer)", "Tilly Lauenstein (Aufseherin)", "Albert Bessler (Dr. Hollberg)", "Lore Hartling (Assessorin Ebeling)", "Hans Hessling (Vorsitzender des Schwurgerichts)", "Hellmut Grube (Staatsanwalt Thalmann)", "Herbert Tiede (Dr. Heinz Stephans Anwalt)", "Ursula Diestel ()", "Maria Milde ()", "Alexa von Porembsky (Sekret\u00e4rin)", "Harald Sawade (Portier)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}