{"tmdb_id": 1992, "title": "Plan\u00e8te terreur", "original_title": "Planet Terror", "slug_title": "planete-terreur", "date": "2007-04-06", "genre": "Horreur / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville, William et Dakota Block, un couple de m\u00e9decins, constatent que leurs patients sont soudain frapp\u00e9s par la gangr\u00e8ne et affect\u00e9s par un regard vide et inqui\u00e9tant... De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, Cherry, go-go danseuse, s'est fait arracher la jambe lors d'une attaque. Wray, son ex-petit copain, veille sur elle. Mais Cherry a beau \u00eatre au plus mal, elle n'a pas dit son dernier mot. Tandis que les malades se multiplient et deviennent des agresseurs enrag\u00e9s, Cherry et Wray prennent la t\u00eate d'une arm\u00e9e destin\u00e9e \u00e0 emp\u00eacher l'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie de se propager. Si des millions d'individus sont contamin\u00e9s et beaucoup succombent, une poign\u00e9e d'entre eux se battront jusqu'au bout pour se r\u00e9fugier dans un lieu s\u00fbr...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j6UGFaByllxvIkkJMmQcL5QIGfT.jpg", "actors": ["Rose McGowan (Cherry Darling)", "Freddy Rodr\u00edguez (El Wray)", "Josh Brolin (Dr. William Block)", "Marley Shelton (Dr. Dakota Block)", "Jeff Fahey (J.T. Hague)", "Michael Biehn (Sheriff Hague)", "Rebel Rodriguez (Tony Block)", "Bruce Willis (Lieutenant Muldoon)", "Naveen Andrews (Abby)", "Julio Oscar Mechoso (Romey)", "Fergie (Tammy Visan)", "Nicky Katt (Joe)", "Tom Savini (Deputy Tolo)", "Carlos Gallardo (Deputy Carlos)", "Michael Parks (Earl McGraw)", "Quentin Tarantino (The Rapist)", "Electra Avellan (Babysitter Twin #1)", "Elise Avellan (Babysitter Twin #2)", "Felix Sabates (Dr. Felix)", "Jason Douglas (Lewis)", "Troy Robinson (Soldier #1)", "Zo\u00eb Bell (Sicko Eating Paramedic #2)", "Danny Trejo (Machete)", "Cheech Marin (Priest)", "Corey Burton (Additional Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Black comedy/thriller/horror about biochemically-birthed zombie outbreak in central Texas***\r\n\r\nCreated by writer/director Robert Rodriguez, \u201cPlanet Terror\u201d was originally part of the double feature called \u201cGrindhouse,\u201d released in 2007.  The other movie was \u201cDeath Proof\u201d by Quentin Tarantino. Both were standalone stories, although vaguely connected. They were a deliberate attempt to recreate the experience of a double feature at a B movie house in the mid/late 60s-70s with the prints intentionally marred by scratches and blemishes or, in this flick, a whole reel supposedly missing. Trailers for fake movies, like \u201cMachete,\u201d were also part of the package.\r\n\r\nThe plot of \u201cPlanet Terror\u201d involves a biochemical outbreak in central Texas that (big surprise) turns people into zombies and the ragtag group that teams-up to fight \u2019em, led by Freddy Rodr\u00edguez and Michael Biehn, the latter a sheriff. Hotties Rose McGowan and Marley Shelton are on hand, the former acquiring a machine gun implant in replace of her amputated leg. (How exactly she pulls the trigger to massacre zombies is anyone\u2019s guess).\r\n\r\nThe movie comes across as a melding of \u201cFaster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!\u201d (1965), \u201cNight of the Living Dead\u201d (1968) and \u201cDawn of the Dead\u201d (1978), but with the modern tone of \u201cSlither\u201d (2006) with its gross, deliberately offensive black humor. McGowan is a highlight throughout, especially her opening go-go sequence whereas Freddy Rodriguez is surprisingly formidable. Their romantic arc is kind o\u2019 touching. Another point of interest is the quality cast, rounded out by the likes of Bruce Willis, Josh Brolin, Naveen Andrews and Fergie.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the day, though, \u201cPlanet Terror\u201d fails to rise above the low-budget sorta-genius of Syfy schlock like \u201cFlu Bird Horror\u201d (2008), \u201cWyvern\u201d (2009) and \u201cSasquatch Mountain\u201d (2006) even though it cost literally twelve times as much. Go figure.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 45 minutes and was shot in central Texas (Austin and Luling, which is 22 miles south of Austin) and Tulum, Quintana Roo, Mexico.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [1991, 285923, 23631, 755]}