{"tmdb_id": 199591, "title": "Penthouse North", "original_title": "Penthouse North", "slug_title": "penthouse-north", "date": "2013-04-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Sarah est une ancienne reporter de guerre qui a perdu la vue lors d\u2019une mission qui a mal tourn\u00e9. Quelques ann\u00e9es plus tard elle a reconstruit sa vie, elle habite d\u00e9sormais dans un luxueux appartement au sommet d\u2019un gratte-ciel avec son compagnon. Sa nouvelle vie paisible va tourner au cauchemar lorsque deux hommes arm\u00e9s s\u2019introduisent chez elle et tuent son mari de sang-froid. Ils cherchent quelque-chose, et ne partiront pas sans, Sarah pr\u00e9tend ne rien savoir, mais est-elle vraiment la victime ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7FQawg1Pu4P7RczMtEZDVUYNtt5.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Keaton (Hollander)", "Michelle Monaghan (Sara)", "Andrew W. Walker (Ryan)", "Kaniehtiio Horn (Blake)", "Barry Sloane (Chad)", "Trevor Hayes (Danny)", "Phillip Jarrett (Antonio)", "Olivier Surprenant (le gar\u00e7on flemmard)", "Timothy Paul Coderre (un sergent de l'arm\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine)", "Jasmine Chan (la fille flemmarde)", "Namukasa Basudde (la fille au parc)", "Zhaida Uddin (un passant)", "Lindsey Reeves-Whit (Femme de Kabul en burka)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ice Ice Baby.\r\n\r\nAfter being rendered blind by a suicide bomber, one time war photographer Sara (Michelle Monaghan), finds love with Ryan (Andrew Walker). But one day her life is once again turned upside down when she is terrorised in her own home...\r\n\r\nDistinctly mundane thriller that harks back to other blind women under threat thrillers released previously. Penthouse North (the swanky place where Sara lives with Ryan) brings absolutely nothing new to the formula, not even - in fact - adding a twist or any sort of surprises. It's interesting to take on board the advancements in technology for the blind, though even this aspect is short changed in the run-of-the-mill plot. The villains are a couple of staple writing jobs, with Michael Keaton as Chad phoning it in, while the attempts to make Chad extra nasty are laughably lazy and irresponsible into the bargain.\r\n\r\nMonaghan's performance is commendable, she does enough to have you rooting for her whilst enjoying her resourcefulness, and the cinematography (Chris Seager) is most pleasing, both in colour lenses and glorious city scapes. But ultimately, one can forgive implausibilities in a thriller of this type, but not lazy unadventurousness that smacks of film making to fulfil a contract or even as a tax write off job. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [121676, 221343, 183433, 168145], "youtube_key": "EUDM78fXvvU"}