{"tmdb_id": 199659, "title": "Viral Assassins", "original_title": "Viral Assassins", "slug_title": "viral-assassins", "date": "2000-10-05", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Drame"], "score": "2.0/10", "synopsis": "To some, it\u2019s murder. To them, it\u2019s just work. The Troma Team is proud to present Robert Larkin\u2019s intense sci-fi thriller Viral Assassins. In the not so distant future, a terminal disease will make cancer look like the common cold. The government\u2019s solution to this epidemic is to make carrying the disease a capital crime, punishable by death through a team of highly trained assassins. This not only lowers the risk of the disease spreading but also greatly lowers health costs for the average Joe. But what happens if the government becomes infected? The only hope for a vaccine is trapped within the diseased body and mind of a government lab technician. Unfortunately, the government hires their most dedicated and trigger-happy assassin to eliminate her. Will the assassin uphold the government\u2019s heinous order, or will he jeopardize his own life, reputation and health insurance by eliminating her?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cHh4uLnSp9Kt4uv2HcEtat7js1k.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Gordon (Billy)", "Ray Kelly (Kid (Sydney))", "Steve Gatschet (Bobby)", "Greg Eisenhuth (Greg (Subject in Forest))", "Sherri Hewell (Megan (Subject in Attic))", "Sherrill Rittenmeyer (Mother)", "Paul Larkin (Boiler Room Man)", "Scott Barnes (Brad the Bellhop)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "dN_p8eN5uQM"}