{"tmdb_id": 19974, "title": "La grande horloge", "original_title": "The Big Clock", "slug_title": "la-grande-horloge", "date": "1948-04-09", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le r\u00e9dacteur en chef tyrannique d'un magazine \u00e0 sensation commet un meurtre. Son reporter vedette essaie de r\u00e9soudre l'\u00e9nigme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gHpZSDEwXtpzDY2z2oNitYo3lQV.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (George Stroud)", "Charles Laughton (Earl Janoth)", "Maureen O'Sullivan (Georgette Stroud)", "George Macready (Steve Hagen)", "Rita Johnson (Pauline York)", "Elsa Lanchester (Louise Patterson)", "Harold Vermilyea (Don Klausmeyer)", "Dan Tobin (Ray Cordette)", "Harry Morgan (Bill Womack)", "Richard Webb (Nat Sperling)", "Elaine Riley (Lily Gold)", "Luis van Rooten (Edwin Orlin)", "Lloyd Corrigan (Colonel Jefferson Randolph aka McKinley)", "Frank Orth (Burt)", "Margaret Field (Second Secretary)", "Henri Letondal (Antique Dealer)", "Bess Flowers (Woman in Conference Room)", "Douglas Spencer (Bert Finch)", "Theresa Harris (Daisy)", "Noel Neill (Elevator Operator)", "Frances Morris (Miss Adams)", "Julia Faye (Secretary)", "Theresa Harris (Daisy - Strouds' Maid)", "Lucy Knoch (Secretary)", "Judy Nugent (Penelope Patterson)", "Ruth Roman (Secretary at Meeting)", "Lucille Barkley (Hatcheck Girl)", "Bea Allen (Newsstand Operator Betty (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "How did I get into this rat race?  \r\n\r\nEgomaniac publisher Earl Janoth (Charles Laughton) murders his mistress in a fit of temper. He then uses all his power and connections to pin the crime on another man seen close to the crime. George Stroud (Ray Milland), editor of Janoth's own Crimeways magazine, is put in charge of tracing the mystery man. Which is fine until he finds that as he digs deeper, all the evidence points to he himself being the fall guy!\r\n\r\nOstensibly Film Noir it may be, but The Big Clock still has something to offer even the most casual of cinema goer. Directed by the still criminally undervalued John Farrow, The Big Clock has a touch of the Alfred Hitchcock \"wrong man\" theme about it. Based on a novel written by Kenneth Fearing, Farrow and his writer, Jonathan Latimer, have managed to craft a piece that is both twisty and unique in its execution. With both things working towards a quite clever and suspenseful ending.\r\n\r\nAs with the best of Film Noir, The Big Clock has an intricate plot that's awash with dubious characters and sexual ambiguity. Headed by Laughton's tyrannical philandering Janoth (apparently based on real life publisher Henry Luce), the piece boasts what maybe a gay scar-faced right hand man? (George Macready) and a butch masseur henchman (Harry Morgan playing against type). Only in the wonderful world of Film Noir can such characters not only exist, but also be so riveting within the film's structure. The piece is also very funny, particularly when Elsa Lanchester's batty artist Louise Patterson is on the screen. I almost fell off my chair laughing during one scene as she hands in a sketch of the wanted man, Picasso would have been proud!\r\n\r\nBut ultimately it's the story and Ray Milland's ability to see it thru that wins the day. Even with the odd little problem, such as the underusing of Maureen O' Sullivan as Stroud's wife, Georgette, thus the domestic strife feels like filler. The Big Clock still finishes as an excellently constructed picture containing interesting thematics on time (this will be down to the individual viewer) that's cunningly set in amongst a media empire environment. Remade with some success in 1987 as a political thriller (No Way Out), The Big Clock still remains the essential film to see. Crime, mystery, drama, comedy and a thriller, it has a little for everyone, even if it is ostensibly a Film Noir treat. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19169, 29481, 37992, 40767], "youtube_key": "ruleU0zIz3g"}