{"tmdb_id": 19998, "title": "\u00c7a commence \u00e0 Vera Cruz", "original_title": "The Big Steal", "slug_title": "ca-commence-a-vera-cruz", "date": "1949-07-09", "genre": ["Romance / Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Accus\u00e9 injustement d'\u00eatre un malfaiteur, un homme va tenter de prouver son innocence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5dqAxfrnN75auvKUUQsQU8YbdS2.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Mitchum (Lt. Duke Halliday)", "Jane Greer (Joan 'Chiquita' Graham)", "William Bendix (Capt. Vincent Blake)", "Patric Knowles (Jim Fiske)", "Ramon Novarro (Inspector General Ortega)", "Don Alvarado (Lt. Ruiz)", "John Qualen (Julius Seton)", "Pascual Garc\u00eda Pe\u00f1a (Manuel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steve", "content": "Noiroftheweek.com\r\n\r\n\u2018The Big Steal\u2019, starring Robert Mitchum and Jane Greer and scripted by Geoffrey Holmes (Daniel Mainwaring) often appears to be best known and least admired for what it isn\u2019t, namely \u2018Out of the Past\u2019.\r\n\r\nThe latter, released in 1947 - starring Robert Mitchum and Jane Greer and scripted by Geoffrey Holmes - is regarded as an elegant and sublime evocation of noir. The \u2018Big Steal\u2019 is hardly referenced and not much regarded at all.\r\n\r\nStanding in the shadow of \u2018Out of the Past\u2019, it\u2019s understandable that the \u2018The Big Steal\u2019 seems overlooked and/ or underestimated. At just 71 minutes long, it\u2019s a much shorter, slighter movie and nothing like as darkly noir nor as \u2018memorable\u2019.\r\n\r\nHowever, slighter doesn\u2019t mean lesser as far as the pleasure that can be had from it. Even if it is the sorry stepchild of the \u201cOut of the Past\u2019, \u2018The Big Steal\u2019 is a very easy film to like.\r\n\r\nFor a start, it\u2019s unabashed fun. Even Bosley Crowther, the high-toned windbag who held the film desk forever at the New York Times found the movie amiable. Here\u2019s an excerpt from his especially garrulous review, July 11, 1949:\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2018A breath-taking scenic excursion across the landscape of Mexico\u2026through villages, on lovely open roads and over towering mountains on switchback highways at a fast and sizzling pace\u2019.\r\n\u2018Seems that a certain tricky fellow, whom Patric Knowles suavely enacts, is trying to escape into the interior of Mexico from Vera Cruz with a load of swag. Seems that his stubborn pursuer is a curious laconic gent played by Robert Mitchum who is accompanied by a lady, prettily played by Jane Greer. Seems that another desperate party, William Bendix is after both and a Mexican police inspector, Ramon Novarro is tailing the lot\u2019.\r\n\u2018Just where and why they are fleeing is rather loosely and unsatisfactorily explained but obviously they are not friendly people for whenever any of them get together they usually fight. But that is not important and we casually advise that you try not to follow too closely the involution of the plot\u2019.\r\n\r\n\r\nWell, there you have it. He\u2019s done up the story, set the scene, captured the mood, and casually advised. Why, I could stop right here.\r\n\r\nExcept there\u2019s further a job to be done and that\u2019s to plead a decent case for \u2018The Big Steal\u2019 as a film noir - at least enough of one for it to be able to sit facing the Blackboard without shame.\r\n\r\nLet\u2019s start with the issue of \u2018The Big Steal\u2019s easy disposition.\r\n\r\nThough it\u2019s true that the movie has a much sunnier way about it than you would expect to find in noir, there\u2019s also some really bad stuff going on here.\r\n\r\nLt. Duke Halliday (Mitchum) has been framed for a robbery and is in pursuit of the real thief, Jim Fiske (Knowles). The problem is that Halliday too is now on the run, from his senior officer, Cpt. Vincent Blake (Bendix) whose reasons for chasing Halliday turn out to be not as straightforward as they seem.\r\n\r\nUltimately, it\u2019s going to be Blake\u2019s duplicity and betrayal that qualify the movie as solid noir. But meanwhile, the disillusioned Halliday proves himself to be no saint as he goes around dishing out the mayhem.\r\n\r\nThe \u2018Big Steal\u2019 also covers some of the same disarranged narrative and thematic territory as a number of later films by its director, Don Siegel. In both \u2018Madigan\u2019 and \u2018Dirty Harry\u2019, for example, cops are driven to defy institutional authority and constraints in an effort to see that justice is done. Siegel in these films actually disavows much difference between hero and villain, with justice often ceding to vengeance.\r\n\r\nWhile Halliday is military and not police, he still takes the law upon himself because of the box in which he\u2019s found himself. Like other of Siegel\u2019s protagonists, he doesn\u2019t let a whole lot in his way.\r\n\r\nThe thing about Siegel is that while he frames some interesting moral and ethical dilemmas, he seldom allows his characters to hang around for very long to dwell on them. He\u2019d rather cut straight to the chase - literally - and as a former film editor and second-unit director, knows how to handle the action.\r\n\r\n\u2018The Big Steal\u2019 is noir-on-a-tear, a raggedy little B-feature built for speed with everyone going along for the ride. No wonder. Screenwriter Holmes/ Mainwaring gifts Mitchum and Greer with as much keen, noir-induced dialogue and as many slippery story twists as you could hope for.\r\n\r\nMitchum and Greer make a great screen twosome but this time it\u2019s Greer who really gets to show her stuff. As note-prefect as she was as Cathie Moffat in \u201cOut of the Past\u2019, director Jacques Tourneur really didn\u2019t give her much more than just that one note to play as an impassive, amoral femme fatale.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s nothing impassive or fatale about her in the \u2018The Big Steal\u2019. Her Joan \u2018Chiquita\u2019 Graham is also chasing down Fiske, who\u2019s supposed to be her fianc\u00e9 but who has taken her for more than her virtue. But Greer\u2019s got nothing but spunk, is at least as much on the ball as Mitchum and is no easier about hooking up with him as he is with her in order to reel Fiske in.\r\n\r\nThe wonderful stroppiness of the relationship Holmes has scripted out for them brings out the best in both actors. Mitchum is lively and Greer delivers the most appealing performance of her career (interestingly, she came late to the production, replacing Lizabeth Scott, who was taken off the production because of Mitchum\u2019s arraignment on a marijuana rap).\r\n\r\n\u2018The Big Steal\u2019 is a thoroughly high-spirited effort but shouldn\u2019t be dismissed as just a breezy comedy-suspenser and a no-account noir because of it. While contrived humor can be poisonous to film noir, that\u2018s not \u2018The Big Steal\u2019s problem because Seigel avoids it. He\u2019s no smirky Hitchcock.\r\n\r\nWhile \u2018Private Hell 36\u2019 is probably Siegel\u2019s truest classic noir, \u2018The Big Steal\u2019 shows more than enough of noirland\u2019s darkened surface features - icons Mitchum and Bendix, a story washed dark with bad luck, betrayal, greed and corruption and a resonant exchange of tough words and hard fists,\r\n\r\n\u2018The Big Steal\u2019 gives big enjoyment and good noir both. Lie back and enjoy.\r\n\r\n Written by Gary Deane"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 28120, 26530, 42062], "youtube_key": "ABUptJ9138Q"}