{"tmdb_id": 19, "title": "Metropolis", "original_title": "Metropolis", "slug_title": "metropolis", "date": "1927-01-10", "genre": "Drame / Science-Fiction", "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Des ouvriers travaillent dans les souterrains d'une fabuleuse m\u00e9tropole de l'an 2026. Ils assurent le bonheur des nantis qui vivent dans les jardins suspendus de la ville. Un andro\u00efde m\u00e8ne les ouvriers vers la r\u00e9volte", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/luvgywaR8JLHFEzJsXDisdua6a4.jpg", "actors": ["Alfred Abel (Johann 'Joh' Fredersen)", "Gustav Fr\u00f6hlich (Freder Fredersen)", "Rudolf Klein-Rogge (C.A. Rotwang)", "Fritz Rasp (The Thin Man)", "Theodor Loos (Josaphat)", "Erwin Biswanger (No. 11811 - Georgy)", "Heinrich George (Grot)", "Brigitte Helm (Maria)", "Olaf Storm (Jan)", "Helene Weigel (Arbeiterfrau)", "Margarete Lanner (Lady in Car / Woman of Eternal Gardens)", "Hanns Leo Reich (Marinus)", "Fritz Alberti (Creative Human)", "Heinrich Gotho (Master of Ceremonies)", "Grete Berger (Working Woman (uncredited))", "Curt Siodmak (Working Man (uncredited))", "Rolf von Goth (Son in Eternal Gardens (uncredited))", "Helen von M\u00fcnchofen (Woman of Eternal Gardens (uncredited))", "Georg John (Working Man Who Causes Explosion of M-Machine (uncredited))", "Arthur Reinhardt (Working Man (uncredited))", "Henrietta Siodmak (Working Woman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gurre", "content": "Metropolis is one of the greatest films ever made. It's amazing set design, brilliant cinematography, groundbreaking special effects and futuristic story truly makes it one of the must-sees in cinema! \r\n\r\nIt is set in the future, in a city called Metropolis where the citizens are divided into two groups: workers (who live under the ground and are working 10 hour shifts by enormous machines that keeps Metropolis working) and the royals (living in luxury in the great city on the surfice). And over them all, is the creator of Metropolis: Joh Fredersen (Alfred Abel). His son Freder (Gustav Fr\u00f6hlich) falls in love with a woman of the working-class called Maria (Brigitte Helm) who preaches that a mediator will come and create peace and equality for both workers and royals. Joh Fredersen sees Maria as a big threat agains his \"order\", so he and the inventor Rotwang (Rudolf Klein-Rogge) kidnaps her and copies her appearence onto a robot, which will destroy the workers faith in Maria. However, Rotwang secretly plans to programme the robot to make the workers destroy the city and crush Joh Fredersen, as an act of vengeance against Fredersen for a sin he committed in the past...\r\n\r\nLang made this film in 1927, and it was a huge blockbuster event of that year. However, after the premiere, the US distributor heavily cut down the film, and thereafter the original version was considered lost for almost a decade. In 2008 they found the original version in Argentina (very damaged, but watchable), which became the basis for the most recent reconstruction (2010). If you are going to watch this movie (as I highly recommend that you do!) that's the version to watch!\r\n\r\nOverall, Metropolis is a REALLY REALLY great movie, that you, once again, MUST watch!\r\n\r\nI give it a 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [832, 643, 1092, 653]}