{"tmdb_id": 20028, "title": "La rapace", "original_title": "Decoy", "slug_title": "la-rapace", "date": "1946-09-14", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme r\u00e9cup\u00e8re le cadavre de de son petit ami qui vient de passer \u00e0 la chambre \u00e0 gaz. Elle demande \u00e0 un m\u00e9decin de le ramener \u00e0 la vie afin qu'il lui r\u00e9v\u00e8le l'endroit o\u00f9 il a dissimul\u00e9 un important butin .....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5P8bE015LpreBkZFN9692xCwFGg.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Gillie (Margot Shelby)", "Edward Norris (Jim Vincent)", "Robert Armstrong (Frank Olins)", "Herbert Rudley (Dr. Craig)", "Sheldon Leonard (Sergeant Joe Portugal)", "Marjorie Woodworth (Nurse)", "Philip Van Zandt (Tommy)", "Carole Donne (Waitress)", "John Shay (Al)", "Bert Roach (Bartender)", "Rosemary Bertrand (Ruth)", "Ray Teal (Policeman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Can you come down to my level? \r\n\r\nDecoy is directed by Jack Bernhard and adapted to screenplay by Nedrick Young from a story written by Stanley Rubin. It stars Jean Gillie, Robert Armstrong, Herbert Rudley, Sheldon Leonard and Edward Norris. Music is by Edward J. Kay and cinematography by L. William O\u2019Connell. \r\n\r\nMargot Shelby (Gillie) is dying on the sofa, a \u201cvictim\u201d of a gunshot wound. Sgt. Jo Portugal (Leonard) leans in to hear the story of how she came to be in this situation\u2026 \r\n\r\nManic, delirious, bonkers, nasty, Decoy is all of those things, and more, wonderfully so. Running at under 80 minutes, this \u201cB\u201d noir out of Monogram spins a cruel tale of greed, fatalism and cold blooded homicide, all propelled by one of the coldest and wickedest femme fatales to have ever worn a pair of stilettos. \r\n\r\nPlot involves money of course, there\u2019s a pot load of it buried somewhere and Margot Shelby wants it. The trouble is is that her criminal boyfriend, Frank Olins (Armstrong), is going to the gas chamber and he isn\u2019t telling anyone where the loot is. No problem for Margot, she uses her cunning feminine wiles to ensnare a couple of male dupes into her web, and then the three of them resurrect Frank from the dead and put into action a plan that will reveal where the cash is. Easy Peasy! \r\n\r\nAs the brilliant beginning has shown us, we know the fate of Margot, what you can\u2019t be ready for is what she is prepared to do to achieve her aims, and her means and motives sock you right between the eyes. Even as death approaches she still has to have the last cruel laugh. The beautifully sensuous Gillie gives a thoroughly memorable performance, it\u2019s a tragedy that she would die three years later of pneumonia, aged just 33. \r\n\r\nElsewhere. Bernhard (who was married to Gillie at the time) is only competent in direction, but along with the performance he gets out of Gillie (which was a veer from the norm for her), he also gets a cracker turn out of Leonard. Kay\u2019s music is inconsistent, even too breezy in the wrong areas, and O\u2019Connell\u2019s photography is standard stuff that doesn\u2019t strive for any mood accentuation. \r\n\r\nYes you have to kind of unscrew your brain and black out some of the more dafter elements here, and there\u2019s some unintentionally cheese laden moments, but what an experience it is all told. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [34652, 28023, 26838, 19618], "youtube_key": "2CP6Kp7y0A8"}