{"tmdb_id": 200236, "title": "Doctors' Wives", "original_title": "Doctors' Wives", "slug_title": "doctors-wives", "date": "1971-02-03", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "The wives of several high-powered doctors feel neglected due to their husbands' focus on their careers, so they embark on a regimen of sex, drugs and booze.\r An all-star cast drives this glossy combination of soap opera and murder mystery, heavily drenched in booze and sex.  Feeling neglected, one of the title characters decides she\u2019s going to sleep with all her husband\u2019s friends\u2026 but when she\u2019s suddenly killed in the act, all of the wives\u2019 clandestine activities begin coming to light.  Dyan Cannon, Gene Hackman, Richard Crenna, Carroll O\u2019Connor, Rachel Roberts, Janice Rule, Ralph Bellamy, Scott Brady, Richard Anderson and many more round out the cast.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tlIBZHCQn4dOkrh8X6et1Ak38rH.jpg", "actors": ["Dyan Cannon (Loretta \"Lorrie\" Dellman)", "Richard Crenna (Dr. Peter Brennan)", "Gene Hackman (Dr. Dave Randolph)", "Carroll O'Connor (Dr. Joe Gray)", "Rachel Roberts (Della Randolph)", "Janice Rule (Amy Brennan)", "Diana Sands (Helen Straughn)", "Cara Williams (Maggie Gray)", "Richard Anderson (Dist. Atty. Douglas)", "Ralph Bellamy (Jake Porter)", "John Colicos (Dr. Mort Dellman)", "George Gaynes (Paul McGill)", "Marian McCargo (Elaine McGill)", "Scott Brady (Sgt.Malloy)", "Kristina Holland (Sybil Carter)", "Mary Arden (One of Lorrie's Relatives)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [118915, 28146, 39478, 83972], "youtube_key": "hFrWDkUWDaw"}