{"tmdb_id": 200383, "title": "Grand Nord", "original_title": "North Star", "slug_title": "grand-nord", "date": "1996-01-03", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Western", "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "1899, Nome city, Alaska. Des gisements d'or font affluer les pionniers. Sean Mac Lennon, ma\u00eetre de la ville, s'enrichit en s'appropriant les filons des \u00e9trangers. Hudson, m\u00e9tisse, propri\u00e9taire d'une grotte qui est le sanctuaire de ses anc\u00eatres, prot\u00e8ge son bien en prenant en otage la belle Sara, compagne de Mac Lennon. Ils s'enfuient vers le Grand Nord...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bTSaCo2O4vxO9cjoWqTXjH47ZbU.jpg", "actors": ["James Caan (Sean McLennon)", "Christopher Lambert (Hudson Saanteek)", "Catherine McCormack (Sarah)", "Burt Young (Reno)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A Winter Western with a curiously rushed ending  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1996 and directed by Nils Gaup, \"North Star\" is a Western that takes place in Nome, Alaska, during a gold rush in 1899. James Caan plays the love-to-hate mogul who denies mining claims to foreigners and attempts to kill a half-breed Indian (Christopher Lambert) for the claim to a cave filled with gold, which the Natives use in their ceremonies. The half-breed ends up abducting the mogul's woman, played by the beautiful Catherine McCormack, who you might remember as Wallace's doomed wife at the beginning of \"Braveheart\" (1995). The Winter chase is on!\r\n\r\nThere are elements of other Westerns here, like \"Death Hunt\" (1981), \"Valdez is Coming\" (1971), \"The Far Country\" (1954), \u201cNorth to Alaska\u201d (1960) and \"Dances With Wolves\u201d (1990), but that's to be expected.  On the originality side, it's one of the few fully Winter Westerns of which I can remember beyond \u201cThe Great Silence\u201d (1968) and \u201cThe Hateful Eight\u201d (2015). Of course, films like \"Will Penny\" (1967), \"Jeremiah Johnson\" (1972), \u201cA Man Called Sledge\u201d (1970) and a few others have some fairly long Winter sequences.\r\n\r\nWhile Caan's villainy is too over-the-top for my tastes (although he does it well), I found \"North Star\" to be a well-done Western, except that the final 11 minutes or so feel rushed. As noted above, I was impressed that this was one of the first Westerns I\u2019ve seen that focused exclusively on Winter conditions. It goes without saying that shooting in the snow is way more challenging than shooting in other seasons; and even more so if the locale is mountainous. The locations, sets and cast are all first-rate even while the storytelling has somewhat of a comic booky Grade B vibe.\r\n\r\nBut the filmmakers seemed to hurry the ending. Maybe they wanted to just complete the project and keep it under 90 minutes; or perhaps they weren't confident with the closing footage and awkwardly tried to \"make it work\" in the editing room. But it\u2019s not THAT bad and didn\u2019t ruin the experience for me.  At the end of the day \u201cNorth Star\u201d is a worthwhile \u2018modern Western\u2019 that attempts something unique even while being a pastiche of the genre.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 88 minutes and was shot in Norway. WRITERS: No less than five scripters are credited to adopting Heck Allen\u2019s novel.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+ (5.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": [195752, 71202, 71201, 32243]}