{"tmdb_id": 200727, "title": "Love, Rosie", "original_title": "Love, Rosie", "slug_title": "love-rosie", "date": "2014-10-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Rosie Dunne et Alex Stewart sont amis depuis qu'ils ont cinq ans. Cependant une barri\u00e8re s'est form\u00e9e, les enfermant tous les deux dans cette amiti\u00e9. Cette barri\u00e8re se brise le jour o\u00f9 ils d\u00e9cident de prendre des chemins \u00e9loign\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mAwxfDns8xaX3G9IGuXXdrfFtbi.jpg", "actors": ["Lily Collins (Rosie Dunne)", "Sam Claflin (Alex Stewart)", "Christian Cooke (Greg)", "Tamsin Egerton (Sally)", "Suki Waterhouse (Bethany Williams)", "Jaime Winstone (Ruby)", "Art Parkinson (Gary Dunne)", "Jamie Beamish (Phil)", "Lorcan Cranitch (Dennis Dunne)", "Ger Ryan (Alice Dunne)", "Lily Laight (Katie (12 yrs))", "Matthew Dillon (Toby (12 yrs))", "Rosa Molloy (Katie (5 yrs))", "Sadbh Malin (Clare)", "Nick Lee (Herb)", "Ciaran McGlynn (Dick)", "Jusin Holmes (Jonathan)", "Max Cleary (Joey Dunne)", "Aaron Kinsella (Toby (6 yrs))", "Lara McDonnell (Rosie (10 yrs))", "Beau Rose Garratt (Rosie (6 yrs))", "Tom John Kelly (Alex (10 yrs))", "Tighe Wardell (Alex (6 yrs))", "David Crowley (Policeman Adam)", "Marion O'Dwyer (Mrs. Casey)", "R\u00f3is\u00edn O'Donovan (Midwife)", "Jake Manley (Alex's Boston Friend 1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> You can't respect the friendship by denying the facts.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a modern love story. The movie covers the story of the title character, Rosie's 12 years of life. From the night when she celebrates her 18th birthday till becomes the 30 year old mother. It's a long journey in the real life, and the movie report only the romance side of the life as it is a romantic comedy. Based on the book named 'Where Rainbow Ends', but lots of changes have been done to make a youthfully celebratible movie for the young generation.\r\n\r\nUsually, the famous romantic dramas are slow, lengthy, and well developed characters. Of course, this one was a romcom, though, much better in many aspect with less emotions and swift pace. About the characters, it was Rosie's perspective and having Alex as a counterpart, the rest are not given much importance other than permits a fair display. Nowadays I kind like Lily Collins, she's cute, maybe it is a crush. But that does not the reason to I like this film, not entirely true. I find it somewhat atypical with many convincing scenes and lines.\r\n\r\nThe story is intensifyingly frustrates us as it takes extreme turns all the time just to make a further riddle and complicate. But that is how the screenplay survives or there won't be any story to tell. It might be Rosie's romance, but you don't have to be a woman/girl to enjoy this film. I don't believe such kind of categorisation, because in the earlier time everyone believed animation is for children only and then it proved wrong. So if a man can watch a movie without damaging his brain, losing his eyesight, or becoming paralysed, then I don't see an issue rather making up everything himself. Hope you all enjoy the movie as I did.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35690, 296096, 249164, 272693]}