{"tmdb_id": 200, "title": "Star Trek : Insurrection", "original_title": "Star Trek: Insurrection", "slug_title": "star-trek-insurrection", "date": "1998-12-10", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Aventure / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Les pacifiques Ba'ku, au nombre de six cents, vivent depuis plus de trois cents ans dans un village idyllique, le Carr\u00e9 de Bruy\u00e8re. Ils ont renonc\u00e9 au monde moderne et \u00e0 la technologie en faveur d'un mode de vie agraire et \u00e9quilibr\u00e9. Mais, parce qu'ils ont d\u00e9couvert le secret de l\u2019\u00e9ternelle jeunesse, leur communaut\u00e9 est menac\u00e9e par les rebelles Son'a qui d\u00e9cident de s'approprier leur territoire. Men\u00e9s par Ru'afo qui a re\u00e7u l'aval de la F\u00e9d\u00e9ration, ils pr\u00e9parent ni plus ni moins l\u2019\u00e9limination pure et simple de la population Ba'ku. Le capitaine Picard d\u00e9couvre leur projet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9pbc44kltJhArUNyrdQcantMEvH.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Stewart (Captain Jean-Luc Picard)", "Jonathan Frakes (Commander William T. Riker)", "Brent Spiner (Lt. Commander Data)", "LeVar Burton (Lt. Commander Geordi La Forge)", "Michael Dorn (Lt. Commander Worf)", "Gates McFadden (Doctor Beverly Crusher)", "Marina Sirtis (Counselor Deanna Troi)", "Gregg Henry (Gallatin)", "F. Murray Abraham (Ad'har Ru'afo)", "Anthony Zerbe (Vice-Adm. Dougherty)", "Donna Murphy (Anij)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheTenth", "content": "Plot : As Jean Luc Picard attends festivities onboard the Enterprise welcoming a new race to the Federation. He receives an urgent call from Admiral Dougherty about Data, that was sent on an observation mission of the Ba'Ku race. The Federation has installed there a hidden outpost and the So'Na race is there too. Data has gone out of control and reveals the federation outpost to the natives. Picard and his senior officers get on the planet to discuss with them to surrender the Federation personnel.\r\n\r\nHe is welcomed by the (extremely) peaceful Ba'Ku that are represented by Anji and Sojef, that explain the history and philosophy of their people. They have settled on this planet generations ago and have benefited from a local radiation extending their life greatly.\r\nPicard is pushed by Dougherty to leave the planet to let the \"observation\" mission without interference. Picard smells deception and will have to disobey orders to defend one of the Federation's basic principles.\r\nI know most people don't like this movie and rank it low among the Star trek movies. Of course there's not much action and fights. The new characters are either very boring or too obviously \"evil\". \r\n\r\nBut the main point here is to defend the \"prime directive\" (= not to interfere in the development of a civilization that is inferior in technology. There is not much else here than a deep analysis of what the Federation is and when it must or not intervene. So there's a light love story wit Picard and Anij, Data befriends a kid in his discovery of humanity's young age behavior.\r\n\r\nAfter many movies about the Klingons, Romulans ... I found it fresh to have two (?) new races with different histories and ways of life. And having the movie centered on the \"prime directive\", and how a cunning race can twist it (after all, the Ba'Ku are not really \"natives\" of the planet and shouldn't be protected by the prime directive), and how one superior officer, if misleaded, can lead to eradication of hundreds of people."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "The least of the four Next Generation films, but has its highlights  \r\n\r\nReleased in 1998 and directed by Jonathan Frakes, \"Star Trek: Insurrection\" is the third Star Trek film featuring the Next Generation cast and ninth overall. The plot revolves around a serene alien race, the Ba'ku, whose planet offers regenerative radiation and therefore extremely long lifespans; moreover, they live in harmony with their environment and reject advanced technology. With the aid of an alien race called the Son'a, the Federation secretly (deceptively) researches the Ba'ku culture, but the Son'a intend to take the planet for themselves and others who secretly want to regenerate their bodies (i.e. drink of the 'Fountain of Youth'). The problem is that Captain Picard and the Enterprise-E crew are loyal to the Prime Directive.\r\n\r\nThe plot is good with some interesting ideas, like the paradisal planet where immortality is nigh reality and the innate desire for regeneration and eternal life. I like the new black Federation uniforms and the cast is as likable as ever. Unfortunately, something prevents the movie from soaring. It's decent and sometimes thought-provoking; it's just underwhelming with some bits falling flat. I like it but, for me, it\u2019s the least of the four TNG films.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 103 minutes and was shot in California at Convict Lake, Mammoth Lakes Park; San Gabriel Dam, Angeles National Forest; Lake Sherwood; Bishop; and Paramount Studios, Los Angeles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [193, 201, 199, 172], "youtube_key": "N1XmtdMZdL8"}