{"tmdb_id": 201086, "title": "Salsa Fury", "original_title": "Cuban Fury", "slug_title": "salsa-fury", "date": "2014-02-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Malgr\u00e9 un grand manque de confiance en lui et des kilos en trop, Bruce Garrett a le c\u0153ur qui bat passionn\u00e9ment (mais secr\u00e8tement) pour la salsa. Vingt-deux ans apr\u00e8s avoir abandonn\u00e9 la danse, il rencontre Julia qui lui fait r\u00e9aliser \u00e0 quel point sa vie est devenue lisse et monotone. Pour elle, il va affronter sa timidit\u00e9 et raviver sa flamme latine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AkVDoXUHYZ9cmoHX1DcJDu5s61K.jpg", "actors": ["Chris O'Dowd (Drew)", "Ian McShane (Ron Parfitt)", "Rashida Jones (Julia)", "Nick Frost (Bruce)", "Rory Kinnear (Gary)", "Olivia Colman (Sam)", "Ben Radcliffe (Young Bruce)", "Isabella Steinbarth (Young Sam)", "Steve Oram (Security Guard Kevin)", "Alexandra Roach (Helen)", "Simon Pegg (Driver during car park dance off (uncredited))", "Janine Wood (Female Client)", "Wendi McLendon-Covey (Carly)", "Kayvan Novak (Bejan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The game is on, on the salsa floor.**\r\n\r\nI had no idea about this film. Just saw its poster and it reminded me 'This Means War'. Sort of like that, but it's not about the spies, instead it was about salsa. An average guy who gave up salsa during his childhood, once again sparked to take it up seriously after finding crush on his new boss who loves salsa. But he's not alone, his colleague who's a bully is on to her and thwarts all his attempts not to get near to her. Now he has to prove, not just to win the love, but his last passion for salsa.\r\n\r\nTotally a surprising film. It was not utterly a romance theme, but a music, about salsa. The romance was a small part of it. It was somewhat fun, but I find it a bit dramatic about redefining the passion that was given up a log back. And if you love salsa, you might enjoy it. But it was not like those dance flicks from Hollywood. All the important segments of the story come in the second half. Especially the final act was much better, to end on a high. A film to watch once, just for fun.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [101519, 138222, 285270, 7942]}