{"tmdb_id": 201088, "title": "Hacker", "original_title": "Blackhat", "slug_title": "hacker", "date": "2015-01-13", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Action"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Hacker suit un d\u00e9tenu en permission et ses associ\u00e9s am\u00e9ricains et chinois dans leurs efforts pour traquer et d\u00e9manteler un puissant r\u00e9seau de cybercriminalit\u00e9 internationale, les entra\u00eenant de Chicago et Los Angeles \u00e0 Hong Kong et Jakarta.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sW3VEsulmxMlOmQwm0h7H7lZROi.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hemsworth (Nicholas Hathaway)", "Leehom Wang (Chen Dawai)", "Tang Wei (Chen Lien)", "Viola Davis (Carol Barrett)", "Holt McCallany (Mark Jessup)", "Andy On (Alex Trang)", "Ritchie Coster (Elias Kassar)", "Christian Borle (Jeff Robichaud)", "John Ortiz (Henry Pollack)", "Yorick van Wageningen (Sadak)", "Tyson Chak (Tech)", "Brandon Molale (Sort Guard)", "Danny Burstein (Assistant Warden Jeffries)", "Archie Kao (Shum)", "Abhi Sinha (Daniels)", "Manny Montana (Alonzo Reyes)", "Spencer Garrett (Gary Baker)", "William Mapother (Rich Donahue)", "Adrian Pang (Keith Yan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It's about the virtual terrorism and fighting back it in the same way.**\r\n\r\nThis is the story of the United States and China, that also involves some of the southeast Asian nations when the story takes us there. So this tale is about an explosion at a Chinese nuclear plant and followed by the investigation conducted by the US and Chinese collaboration, the cops hire a convicted hacker to fast up the process and to nab the culprit who was behind the power plant disaster. These people begin their hunting by tracking the clues to the different locations and where they finally land and how it all come end told in the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nI felt it was a too much realistic presentation. Like a documentary film quality, but full suspense filled story that stretched to over two hours. So sometimes it was very boring, because slowing down in any big development. At a time, some of the important scenes accomplished so fast like most of the action sequences. It mainly revolved around hacking plot, but was not that intelligent, so can be understood by everyone.\r\n\r\nInitially I disliked those circuit board graphics, which I thought was a good detail, but too much for a film like this and it never looked so convincing. The film was average, but I anticipated lot better than that. I liked the actors though. Whether it was Chris Hemsworth or the Chinese counterparts, all were decent according to what the tale required. The film is not for everybody, particularly if you don't like slow narration, you should not consider it to watch. But the film is not bad for once viewing.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241554, 245916, 334074, 137094], "youtube_key": "-CA95Bzpy7s"}