{"tmdb_id": 20126, "title": "Les Frissons de l'angoisse", "original_title": "Profondo rosso", "slug_title": "les-frissons-de-l-angoisse", "date": "1975-03-07", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Une conf\u00e9renci\u00e8re t\u00e9l\u00e9pathe est sauvagement assassin\u00e9e. Peu avant sa mort, elle avait ressentie une pr\u00e9sence meurtri\u00e8re tr\u00e8s proche. C'est le d\u00e9but d'une s\u00e9rie de crimes inexpliquables.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2mczyDNvkB5ZQOr05Hux6lJ5Hi3.jpg", "actors": ["David Hemmings (Marcus Daly)", "Daria Nicolodi (Gianna Brezzi)", "Gabriele Lavia (Carlo)", "Macha M\u00e9ril (Helga Ulmann)", "Eros Pagni (Supt. Calcabrini)", "Giuliana Calandra (Amanda Righetti)", "Piero Mazzinghi (Bardi)", "Clara Calamai (Marta)", "Glauco Mauri (Prof. Giordani)", "Aldo Bonamano (Carlo's father)", "Liana Del Balzo (Elvira)", "Vittorio Fanfoni (Cop taking notes)", "Dante Fioretti (Police photographer)", "Geraldine Hooper (Massimo Ricci)", "Fulvio Mingozzi (Agent Mingozzi)", "Nicoletta Elmi (Olga)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ocular Bonanza.\r\n\r\nWhen a psychic is murdered after picking up the thoughts of a psychotic killer, Marcus Day is the only witness to the crime and sets about trying to figure out who is responsible. But he then finds that the killer is shadowing him and targeting anyone who files in to help his investigation.\r\n\r\nDario Argento\u2019s Deep Red (AKA: Profundo Rosso/The Hatchet Murders) is rightly regarded as one of the leading lights of Giallo. Argento pitches Marcus Day (David Hemmings working from a splinter of Blow Up) into a rousing and visceral world of murder and mystery \u2013 and takes the viewers along as well! It doesn\u2019t matter what time of day or night it is, Argento always has a sinister edge pulsing through his movie. The mystery element is also strong, including for first time viewers a cheeky opportunity to solve it very early on.\r\n\r\nPainting it all in vivid coloured strokes, Argento unleashes a myriad of stylish sequences, adding in children\u2019s toys and mannequins to further up the creep factor. Musically not all of it works, but the running children\u2019s thematic motif works strikingly well. Negatively the dubbing is often iffy at best and some of the now infamous murder sequences veer close to comedy because the director allows them to be protracted.\r\n\r\nUncompromising, thrilling and striking, some quibbles aside, Deep Red is a very positive experience. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "A remarkable and breathtaking horror work, easily my favourite of a distinguished, exciting run Argento made at the peak of his career. Films like THIS provided stunning proof to people's assertion the world over that he was the Italian Hitchcock. The soundtrack by Goblin is to be treasured. For both horror and thriller aficionados, well worth getting in the very best edition possible, and well worth rewatching. A master craftsman at the pinnacle of his artistry."}], "recommandations_id": [20345, 29702, 29161, 20115]}