{"tmdb_id": 20155, "title": "Are You Being Served?", "original_title": "Are You Being Served?", "slug_title": "are-you-being-served", "date": "1977-06-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "The clothing department's floor requires renovation; rather than let the staff sit idle while the area is closed off, the management sends them on a paid holiday in Costa Plonka, a fictional city in Spain. Their hotel and its surroundings prove to be dismal, and the group tries to pass the time by acting on the crushes they have developed for one another in the workplace. This results in disaster, as multiple amorous notes reach the wrong recipients and everyone gets wrong ideas about who fancies whom. Meanwhile, Carlos, the hotel manager receives an unwelcome visit from an old acquaintance, Cesar Rodriguez, who is after Mrs. Slocombe after seeing her passport. He is also plotting a revolutionary uprising and wants to use the hotel as his base.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cq2lqkGVoW2XGQUlnpuPfiCYIOY.jpg", "actors": ["John Inman (Mr. Wilberforce Clayborne Humphries)", "Mollie Sugden (Mrs. Betty Slocombe)", "Frank Thornton (Captain Stephen Peacock)", "Trevor Bannister (Mr. Dick Lucas)", "Wendy Richard (Miss Shirley Brahms)", "Arthur Brough (Mr. Ernest Grainger)", "Nicholas Smith (Mr. Cuthbert Rumbold)", "Harold Bennett (Young Mr. Grace)", "Arthur English (Mr. Beverley Harman)", "Penny Irving ()", "Andrew Sachs ()", "Derek Griffiths ()", "Glyn Houston ()", "Karan David ()", "Monica Grey (Nurse)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [43996, 48220, 99356, 24144], "youtube_key": "notfound"}