{"tmdb_id": 20215, "title": "Terror Hospital", "original_title": "Boo", "slug_title": "terror-hospital", "date": "2005-05-13", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Le soir d\u2019Halloween un groupe d\u2019\u00e9tudiants avides de sensations fortes d\u00e9cide d\u2019explorer un ancien h\u00f4pital psychiatrique abandonn\u00e9. Tr\u00e8s rapidement le groupe devra affronter l\u2019esprit de Jacob, un ancien patient, br\u00fbl\u00e9 vif au sein de l\u2019h\u00f4pital en tentant de s\u2019en \u00e9chapper. Aujourd\u2019hui, ce malade mental veut prendre possession des vivants afin d\u2019essayer de s\u2019\u00e9chapper une fois de plus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yO5SUbJEfWdZSiHRYoLbIqIYTh9.jpg", "actors": ["Trish Coren (Jessie Holden)", "Rachel Harland (Cindy)", "Jilon VanOver (Kevin)", "Happy Mahaney (Emmett)", "Nicole Rayburn (Marie)", "Josh Holt (Freddy)", "Rachel Melvin (Meg)", "Dee Wallace (Nurse Russell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sounds like Boo...\r\n\r\nBunch of pretty teens convene at an old abandoned mental hospital for Halloween. Things go awry.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Anthony C. Ferrante, Boo is either a loving homage to all things involving \"haunted house\" cinema? Or one of the laziest horror movies made in 2005?\r\n\r\nEverything but the kitchen sink is thrown at the audience for this one, with the sound mix turned up to the max for, erm, max impact. The fear of this, the fear of that, what's real? What's not? And let there be blood! There will be blood!\r\n\r\nActing is ordinary, as is the writing, but scene setting and location filming is not half bad. In a nutshell, it's a horror film that you show to your pre-teen family members to prep them for far better horror pleasures in their up coming adult life. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37196, 19667, 15418, 69719], "youtube_key": "-WjxjMNGuRY"}