{"tmdb_id": 2023, "title": "Hidalgo", "original_title": "Hidalgo", "slug_title": "hidalgo", "date": "2004-03-05", "genre": ["Western / Aventure"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Chaque ann\u00e9e, depuis des si\u00e8cles, se d\u00e9roule l'Oc\u00e9an de Feu, une course de survie de 5 000 km \u00e0 travers le d\u00e9sert arabe. En 1890, pour la premi\u00e8re fois de l'histoire, un cheikh richissime invite un Am\u00e9ricain et son cheval, Hidalgo, \u00e0 participer \u00e0 la course. Frank T. Hopkins, cow-boy et messager de la cavalerie am\u00e9ricaine, est consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme le plus grand cavalier que n'ait jamais connu l'Ouest am\u00e9ricain. Le cheikh d\u00e9sire opposer le cow-boy et son mustang aux plus grands chevaux arabes et aux meilleurs cavaliers b\u00e9douins. Certains parmi eux sont bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 emp\u00eacher l'\u00e9tranger de finir la course...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5BiWWo12FnSFTatD8dfMpoF7bVs.jpg", "actors": ["Viggo Mortensen (Frank Hopkins)", "Zuleikha Robinson (Jazira)", "Omar Sharif (Sheikh Riyadh)", "Adam Alexi-Malle (Aziz)", "Louise Lombard (Lady Anne Davenport)", "Silas Carson (Katib)", "Harsh Nayyar (Yusef)", "C. Thomas Howell (Preston Webb)", "J.K. Simmons (Buffalo Bill Cody)", "Adoni Maropis (Sakr)", "Joshua Wolf Coleman (The Kurd)", "Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui (Prince Bin Al Reeh)", "Victor Talmadge (Rau Rasmussen)", "Peter Mensah (Jaffa)", "Franky Mwangi (Slave Boy)", "Floyd Red Crow Westerman (Chief Eagle Horn)", "Elizabeth Berridge (Annie Oakley)", "Kimberly Guerrero (Frank's Mother)", "Zac Badasci (Young Frank Hopkins)", "Stevan Rimkus (Military Cistern Lieutenant)", "Jerry Hardin (Nate Salisbury)", "Frank Collison (Texas Jack)", "Chris Owen (First Soldier)", "Marshall Manesh (Camel Skinner)", "George Gerdes (Major Whitside)", "Todd Kimsey (Corporal at Wounded Knee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**In an unfamiliar territory, everything's a big challenge.**\r\n\r\nThe film was inspired by the American legend Frank Hopkins and his horse Hidalgo. They sail across the oceans to the Arabian desert to take part in a race. This adventure tells their new experience in an unknown territory competing with the greatest riders of the region. Alongside a misunderstanding leads to an unexpected confrontation. From there, how they escape and make back to home halfway across the world is the remaining film to disclose.\r\n\r\nA different kind of western that takes place in the original timeline of the cowboy culture which is the late 19th century. But the film has only one cowboy, because of where the story sets in. This film came straight after LOTR. Viggo Mortensen was good and his stunts were excellent. The initial parts that commence in America was heartbreaking and I liked the conclusion as well. It reminded me the animation film 'Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron'. Though the film was more about Frank Hopkins and the horse had a good influence on the story as the film title suggests. Long film, but worth it. Surely won't be a waste of time to give it a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [11866, 2055, 11780, 11983], "youtube_key": "rV0K8ddyKh8"}