{"tmdb_id": 202768, "title": "Three", "original_title": "Tri", "slug_title": "three", "date": "1965-05-12", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "In this episodic WW II drama, a Yugoslavian youth attempts to escape from German soldiers. In the first scene, he stands amongst a group of refugees waiting for a train. One man, with no identification papers is accused of a petty crime and the crowd insists that three soldiers arrest him. The youth tries to stop them all, but he fails and the man is executed. Soon afterward, his wife shows up and proves that he was indeed innocent. In the second episode, the youth participates in a resistance raid and ends up pursued into a swamp where he meets another fugitive. This man ends up sacrificing his life so that the youth can escape. The final story begins as the war ends. The youth has become an officer in the Yugoslav army and is being forced to deliver an order to execute all citizens who collaborated with the Germans. One of the traitors is a woman he cares for, but this doesn't stop him from obeying his commands.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hZfEHWDBgDdltVXFO0OmqqVBTNV.jpg", "actors": ["Velimir \"Bata\" \u017divojinovi\u0107 (Milo\u0161 Bojani\u0107)", "Ali Raner (Young man / Mladi\u0107)", "Slobodan Perovi\u0107 (The innocent defendant / Nevino optu\u017een)", "Branislav 'Ciga' Jerini\u0107 (The commander of the war patrols / Komandir ratne patrole)", "Senka Veletanli\u0107 (The girl / Devojka)", "Voja Miri\u0107 (The partisan / Partizan)", "Milivoje Mi\u0107a Tomi\u0107 (Provocateur who is waiting for a train / Provokator)", "Gizela Vukovi\u0107 ()", "Vesna Krajina (Vera)", "Nikola 'Kole' Angelovski (Recruiter awaiting train / Regrut koji \u010deka voz)", "Mirjana Kod\u017ei\u0107 (Woman awaiting train / \u017dena koja \u010deka voz)", "Dragomir 'Gidra' Bojani\u0107 (Policeman / Milicioner)", "Stole Aran\u0111elovi\u0107 (Religious fanatic / Verski fanatik)", "Laza Jovanovi\u0107 ()", "Milan Jeli\u0107 (Recruiter awaiting train / Regrut koji \u010deka voz)", "Rajko Saveli\u0107 ()", "Zlatibor Stoimirov (Lieutenant / Poru\u010dnik)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [203226, 134220, 104366, 76388], "youtube_key": "notfound"}