{"tmdb_id": 20287, "title": "Extr\u00eame Pr\u00e9judice", "original_title": "Extreme Prejudice", "slug_title": "extreme-prejudice", "date": "1987-04-24", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller / Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Texas ranger, Jack Benteen est charg\u00e9 de lutter contre le trafic de drogue et l'immigration clandestine \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re mexicaine. A la t\u00eate de ses truands, Cash Bailey est l'ami d'enfance de Jack et l'ancien compagnon de la femme de ce dernier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lLLaC2EJboTGPTgpGUY9sjld2uS.jpg", "actors": ["Nick Nolte (Jack Benteen)", "Powers Boothe (Cash Bailey)", "Michael Ironside (Maj. Paul Hackett)", "Mar\u00eda Conchita Alonso (Sarita Cisneros)", "Rip Torn (Sheriff Hank Pearson)", "Clancy Brown (MSgt. Larry McRose)", "William Forsythe (Sgt. Buck Atwater)", "Matt Mulhern (SSgt. Declan Patrick Coker)", "Larry B. Scott (Sgt. Charles Biddle)", "Dan Tullis Jr. (Sgt. Luther Fry)", "John Dennis Johnston (Merv)", "Luis Contreras (Lupo)", "Gary Carlos Cervantes (Hector)", "Tom Lister Jr. (Monday)", "Marco Rodr\u00edguez (Deputy Cortez)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Extreme Prejudice (1987)\r\n\r\nThe Zombie Unit.\r\n\r\nExtreme Prejudice is directed by Walter Hill and collectively written by John Milius, Fred Rexer, Deric Washburn and Harry Kleiner. It stars Nick Nolte, Powers Boothe, Maria Conchita Alonso, Michael Ironside, Rip Torn, Clancy Brown, William Forsythe and Matt Mulhern. Music is by Jerry Goldsmith and cinematography by Matthew F. Leonetti.\r\n\r\nWell it\u2019s a good day for a killing.\r\n\r\nWalter Hill homages and parodies the splinter of action cinema that encompasses the grizzled law enforcer tracking the bad guy, who in this case, was once a friend. That\u2019s the basic set up for Hill\u2019s brooding and bloody Extreme Prejudice. Action takes place down on the US/Mexico border, Ranger Jack Benteen (Nolte) is hunting his one time pal - and the man he shares his woman\u2019s love with \u2013 Cash Bailey (Boothe), who has taken up drug smuggling as his employment of choice. Complicating matters is that there is a gang of ex-forces specialists in the town ready to raid the bank for some funds and documents to nail Bailey. Loyalties are tested, twists, turns and bloody shocks do follow.\r\n\r\nMuch of the film\u2019s strength is gained from the casting, it\u2019s a roll call of macho performers who combined make up a CV with enough beef to feed the third world. Even Alonso as the sole female of note fits the requisite toughness exam (she would do The Running Man this same year and go on to star in Predator 2). Much of the narrative involves brooding and tough talk, a slow burn approach from Hill who adds some meat to the bones of the main characters. Photography is pleasing, with actual locations shimmering on the screen, and Goldsmith\u2019s score is a pulser that is a fore runner to his score for Total Recall 3 years later.\r\n\r\nAt times it\u2019s offbeat, at others it\u2019s gripping in its sweaty intensity, and then there is the balletic violence which Hill has proven himself to be an astute purveyor of, crowned here by his homage to Peckinpah\u2019s glorious finale in The Wild Bunch.\r\n\r\nLean and tough with bodies and butchness everywhere. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31618, 108512, 23115, 94176]}