{"tmdb_id": 203014, "title": "Day of the Wolves", "original_title": "Day of the Wolves", "slug_title": "day-of-the-wolves", "date": "1973-01-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "A group of six thieves selected from different areas are sent a letter that promises them a minimum of $50,000 and includes a plane ticket. The letter instructs them to grow a beard. After being given a blindfolded ride from the airport, they arrive at a ghost town and meet with the boss (Number #1, Jan Murray). All of the \"Wolves\" are assigned a number, wear identical overalls and instructed never to take off the gloves that they are given. They are only to address eachother by their numbers; in that way, if one is caught, he can't rat-out the others. Number #1 reveals to them that they will take over a town, and clean it out. Using the ghost town for training, they develop their tactics to fleece the town.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b0MVt3KkguZzXIbtvGrY9pF3LgV.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Egan (Pete Anderson)", "Martha Hyer (Maggie Anderson)", "Rick Jason (No. 4)", "Jan Murray (No. 1)", "Frankie Randall (No. 2)", "Andre Marquis (No. 3)", "Henry Capps (No. 6)", "Smokey Roberds (No. 7)", "Zaldy Zshornack (No. 5)", "John Lupton (Hank)", "Sean McClory (The Sheriff)", "Jack Bailey (The Mayor)", "Biff Elliot (The Inspector (as Biff Elliott))", "Percy Helton (The Farmer)", "Herb Vigran (The Realtor)", "John Dennis (The Councilman)", "John Gunn (The Announcer)", "Danny Rees (The Juggler)", "Len Travis (Johnny)", "Steve Manone (Wil)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "rF_-c7bAt_s"}