{"tmdb_id": 20307, "title": "Flic et rebelle", "original_title": "Renegades", "slug_title": "flic-et-rebelle", "date": "1989-06-02", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "\u0152uvrant dans la clandestinit\u00e9, et connu pour ses m\u00e9thodes peu conventionnelles, le policier Buster McHenry infiltre une bande de malfaiteurs, en s'associant a eux lors d'un vol de bijoux. Malheureusement le vol \u00e9choue, mais le gang r\u00e9ussit tout de m\u00eame \u00e0 subtiliser une arme de collection rarissime dans une exposition d'objets des Indiens d'Am\u00e9rique, \u00e0 proximit\u00e9 du lieu du larcin manqu\u00e9. D\u00e9laiss\u00e9 par le gang et maintenant pourchass\u00e9 par la police de Philadelphie, McHenry s'associe a contrec\u0153ur avec un Indien envoy\u00e9 en ville pour retrouver l'arme, une lance sacr\u00e9e. La piste sinueuse qu'ils suivent les am\u00e8ne \u00e0 participer \u00e0 une poursuite endiabl\u00e9e en voiture, \u00e0 une fusillade sur les toits et \u00e0 une course folle dans le m\u00e9tro. L'action conduit \u00e0 une fin explosive.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x5FqQE1iWjIomIVkNwDgw1u2Xkx.jpg", "actors": ["Kiefer Sutherland (Buster McHenry)", "Lou Diamond Phillips (Hank Storm)", "Jami Gertz (Barbara)", "Robert Knepper (Marino)", "Bill Smitrovich (Finch)", "Peter MacNeill (Denny Ransom)", "Floyd Red Crow Westerman (Red Crow)", "Joseph Griffin (Matt)", "John Di Benedetto (Corso)", "Kyra Harper (Nema)", "Joseph Hieu (Gang Leader)", "Dee McCafferty (Cop Outside Bar)", "Heidi von Palleske (Hooker In Bar)", "Tom Butler (Detective Geddles)", "Clark Johnson (JJ)", "David Mucci (Marino's Gang Member)", "David Lee (Gangbanger)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "They trusted no one. Until they had to trust each other.\r\n\r\nIt suffers from the pitfalls of many other 1980s action films, such as plot holes, silly twists and predictability of formula, but there is a very good action film here that's more than a time waster for the so inclined.\r\n\r\nYoung Guns (1988) stars Sutherland and Phillips (by now firm real life friends) team up again, this time in Phioladelphia with Sutherland as a maverick copper working undercover and Phillips as a Lakota Indian. The two of them are thrown together by fate when a case Sutherland is working on goes bad and Phillips' brother is killed and a sacred Lakota lance is stolen in the process. They are complete polar opposites as characters and struggle to get on with each other to achieve their respective goals. We know they will find a happy ground and kick ass, and with the actors chemistry well founded, it works real well as a buddy buddy action piece.\r\n\r\nDirector Jack Sholder (The Hidden) has a good knack for action construction, be it shoot-outs or punch-ups, but the highlight here is a blunderbuss extended car chase through the city that wouldn't be out of place in a far bigger budgeted blockbuster. However, with the more character based sections of film the director is not so adept, struggling to get much out of Robert Knepper's villain and letting Jami Gertz wander in and out as a love interest type without any real rhyme or reason. But if frantic action is what you like, you get it here by the bucket load, just enjoy that ride and forget any hope of depth elsewhere. 6.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Crime thriller in Philadelphia featuring Kiefer Sutherland and Lou Diamond Phillips***\r\n\r\nOn a case to nail a bad cop, an undercover cop in Philadelphia (Kiefer Sutherland) teams-up with an AmerIndian (Lou Diamond Phillips) to get back a sacred Lakota lance stolen during a diamond heist.\r\n\r\n\u201cRenegades\u201d (1989) is a crime drama/thriller that mostly takes place in the working class districts of the big city. There\u2019s one brief scene on a reservation and a longer nighttime sequence at a wooded ranch outside the city. Some of the action scenes are a little overblown to the point of being eye-rolling, but the troubled partnership between the two protagonists is decent. Jami Gertz is on hand in a small role.\r\n\r\nLog this under decent but underwhelming big city cop/crime thriller. Every Dirty Harry movie is a superior choice. But, if you favor the actors, check it out.    \r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 46 minutes and was shot in Toronto and Camp Samac Oshawa, Ontario, with I presume some establishing shots of Philadelphia. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [23599, 85327, 43205, 56385], "youtube_key": "MU_DJa_kiAU"}