{"tmdb_id": 203154, "title": "Maimed", "original_title": "Skadeskutt", "slug_title": "maimed", "date": "1951-08-26", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In \"Skadeskutt\" we follow the couple Einar and Else Wang in a painful drama about love, happiness, sorrow and eternal damnation. About a couple's struggle trying to get pregnant and the despair of not succeeding. About psychological disorders and the society's insane judging of people with such problems. A nationwide press was impressed with \"Skadeskutt\". The director Edith Carlmar, one of the first female directors in Norway, was compared with Hitchcock for her work. For actor Carsten Winger, his portrayal of the character in the movie was considered a victory and a big achievement. \"A sure success\", \"Impressive\" and \"A victory for Norwegian Films\" are some lines from the critics. \"Skadeskutt\" is one of the breakthroughs within Norwegian film making.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8eUisk1xhFXNuBUvczEzi8zTMkR.jpg", "actors": ["Carsten Winger (Einar Wang)", "Eva Bergh (Else Wang)", "Sigrun Otto (Elses mor)", "Gunnar Simenstad (Rolf Lunde, doctor)", "Einar Vaage (Asyldirekt\u00f8ren)", "Anders Sundby (Overlegen p\u00e5 6 avd)", "Oscar Egede-Nissen (Reservelegen p\u00e5 6 avd)", "Brita Bigum (Liv, sykes\u00f8ster)", "Ragnvald Wingar (Alkoholikeren)", "Klara Wang (Overs\u00f8ster)", "Sverre Andersen (Barekeeperen)", "Nona B\u00e6kken (Fru Aasen, pasient)", "Otto Carlmar (Direkt\u00f8ren for boligbygg)", "Daggen Dybberg (Wangs kontordame)", "Veronica Foyn Christensen (Inger, sykes\u00f8ster)", "K\u00e5re Hegseth (Enger, doctor)", "Egil Hjorth-Jenssen (Andersen, pasient)", "Gunnar Hjorth-Jenssen (Falk, arkitekt)", "Lilly Larson-Lund (Kvinnelegen)", "Levor Lie (Nordlie, ingeni\u00f8r)", "Arne Riis (Holst, ingeni\u00f8r)", "Astri Rogstad (Aud, sykes\u00f8ster)", "Agathe Running (Barnepiken, pasient)", "Alfhild Stormoen (Wangs tante)", "N. Tinholt (Karlsen, pleier)", "Svend von D\u00fcring (Sandberg, pasient)", "Ingrid \u00d8vre Wiik (Frk. Brun, pasient)", "Tore Winger (En arbeider)", "Edith Carlmar (Pasient)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}