{"tmdb_id": 20312, "title": "Interstate 60", "original_title": "Interstate 60", "slug_title": "interstate-60", "date": "2002-04-13", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Neal Oliver est un jeune artiste, mais son p\u00e8re ne l'aime pas son choix et lui veut aller \u00e0 Oxford. Tout change apr\u00e8s la r\u00e9union de Neal avec OWGrant, qui accorde exactement un souhait par personne, comme son nom l'indique. Neal souhaite des r\u00e9ponses, et il doit se rendre au Danver inexistant par l'autoroute inexistante 60. Dans ce voyage, il esp\u00e8re trouver la fille de ses r\u00eaves, en suivant la piste de ses photos sur la publicit\u00e9 se le long du parcours. De nombreuses rencontres l'attendent \u00e0 venir. Est-ce qu'il recevra ce qu'il demandait?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x6YCgO1u4eIvt5PXNJyFeoxh1Lw.jpg", "actors": ["James Marsden (Neal Oliver)", "Gary Oldman (O.W. Grant)", "Amy Smart (Lynn Linden)", "Christopher Lloyd (Ray)", "Chris Cooper (Bob Cody)", "Matthew Edison (Quincy)", "Paul Brogren (Zack)", "Wayne Robson (Tolbert)", "Michael J. Fox (Mr. Baker)", "John Bourgeois (Dad)", "Melyssa Ade (Sally)", "Roz Michaels (Mom)", "Amy Stewart (Nancy)", "Mark Lutz (Frank)", "Krista Leis (Ann)", "Michael Rhoades (Kirby)", "Amy Jo Johnson (Laura)", "Deborah Odell (Valerie McCabe)", "Jonathan Whittaker (Dr. Craig)", "Ann-Margret (Mrs. James)", "Art Evans (Otis)", "Kurt Russell (Captain Ives)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Odd and insightful road movie fantasy with James Marsden, Gary Oldman and Christopher Lloyd\r\n\r\n\u201cInterstate 60:Episodes from the Road\u201d involves a confused college man, Neal Oliver (James Marsden), who wants to be an artist while his father pressures him to go to law school. He desperately wants answers and O.W. Grant (Gary Oldman) magically grants him his wish. Neal ends up on the non-existent I-60 traveling to the non-existent city of Danver where he hopes to meet his dream girl (Amy Smart). Along the way he meets many interesting people and learns several valuable lessons. Christopher Lloyd is also on hand along with glorified cameos by various notable actors (e.g. Michael J. Fox, Kurt Russell and Ann-Margret).\r\n\r\nThe plot starts out a little tortuous, but it morphs into a road movie before too long, broken up into several quirky segments, which is why the flick is subtitled \u201cEpisodes from the Road.\u201d Critics deride the picture on the grounds that the messages are clunky, moralistically naive, and preachy. But it\u2019s unique and intelligent with quality reflections about life, which are made simple so \u201cstupid people\u201d or teens can grasp them. In short, this is a fairly entertaining oddball road fantasy that\u2019s distinctive and insightful.\r\n\r\nIf you like films like \"Michael\" (1996), \"City of Angels\" (1998), \"Holy Man\" (1998), \"Bruce Almighty\" (2003) and \u201cEvan Almighty\u201d (2007), \u201cHighway 60\u201d (2002) is cut from the same thematic cloth, except that the supernatural being is a magical Irishman.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 56 minutes and was shot in Ontario (Sunderland, Cannington and Toronto) and Arizona (Phoenix).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [20871, 158, 20803, 43680], "youtube_key": "fLSBfpI6cig"}