{"tmdb_id": 203609, "title": "Here on Earth", "original_title": "Aqui Na Terra", "slug_title": "here-on-earth", "date": "1993-09-09", "genre": ["Drame / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Miguel (Luis Miguel Cintra) is lucky that his income will only level off if he neglects his business as a financier, and his wife and family will be well supported. Why? Because he has begun hearing noises that no one else hears, noises that bother him a great deal, and that make it impossible for him to bear human society. His wife (Jessica Weiss) is thoroughly put out by this radically changed behavior in her formerly good husband, but though she considers leaving him, she stays by his side. Deep in the mountains, Cecelia (Rita Dias), a devout, pure young cowherd, has been brutally raped by an old man. Her boyfriend (Pedro Hestnes) has killed the rapist, and fled the area. As a result of the rape, Cecelia is pregnant. One day, while driving in the mountains, Miguel gives Cecelia's boyfriend a ride. The two of them chance upon her sitting amid the rocks with her infant baby.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lJBPUfGKqbH6cXPXoK6SqRlZIF0.jpg", "actors": ["Lu\u00eds Miguel Cintra (Miguel)", "Jessica Weiss (Isabel)", "Pedro Hestnes (Ant\u00f3nio)", "Rita Dias (Cecilia)", "Isabel de Castro (Miguel's mother)", "Laura Soveral (Housekeeper)", "In\u00eas de Medeiros (Prostituta)", "Henrique Viana (Inspector)", "Cremilda Gil (Vi\u00fava)", "Canto e Castro (Homem de neg\u00f3cios)", "Rui Morrison (Padre)", "Artur Ramos (Doutor)", "Miguel Lobo Antunes (Doutor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}