{"tmdb_id": 20379, "title": "Grand Prix", "original_title": "Grand Prix", "slug_title": "grand-prix", "date": "1966-12-21", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Au cours du Grand Prix de Monaco, le premier de la saison internationale automobile, le pilote am\u00e9ricain Pete Aron provoque un accident dans lequel son co-\u00e9quipier britannique, Scott Stoddard est gri\u00e8vement bless\u00e9. Aron est renvoy\u00e9 par le patron de l'\u00e9curie et se fait consoler par la femme de Scott, Pat, ancien mannequin. En m\u00eame temps, Jean-Pierre Sarti, champion du monde en titre, se pr\u00e9pare \u00e0 remporter une nouvelle victoire avant de se retirer d\u00e9finitivement de la comp\u00e9tition...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jGwbsOmb4szUUhgozcOuBdnzxHF.jpg", "actors": ["James Garner (Pete Aron)", "Eva Marie Saint (Louise Frederickson)", "Yves Montand (Jean-Pierre Sarti)", "Toshir\u014d Mifune (Izo Yamura)", "Brian Bedford (Scott Stoddard)", "Jessica Walter (Pat Stoddard)", "Antonio Sab\u00e0to (Nino Barlini)", "Fran\u00e7oise Hardy (Lisa)", "Adolfo Celi (Agostini Manetta)", "Claude Dauphin (Hugo Simon)", "Enzo Fiermonte (Guido)", "Genevi\u00e8ve Page (Monique Delvaux-Sarti)", "Jack Watson (Jeff Jordan)", "Donald O'Brien (Wallace Bennett)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Frankenheimer's F1 Epic is Grand in Itself.\r\n\r\nIn truth the plot of Grand Prix is pretty wafer thin, with not enough story to fully justify the gargantuan run time, yet it's both thrilling and fascinating all the same. Plot essentially centers around the 1966 Formula 1 motor racing championship, with James Garner, Yves Montand, Brian Bedford, Eva Marie Saint and Toshiro Mifune heading up the large ensemble cast list. It deals with the trials and tribulations of the drivers, both on and off the track.\r\n\r\nThe human drama is a bit soapy, of which there is much, yet these narrative characterisations help to make us care and understand the protagonists at the core of the story. And of course when the drivers are out there on the track, we know their psychological make-ups, their driving mirroring their motives and emotional fortitude.\r\n\r\nThe racing segments are superbly filmed by Frankenheimer, with multi-angles used to maximise the experience, while he also uses split screen sections to fully immerse us with the key characters. Two crash sequences are genuinely heart stopping, filmed with a clarity that makes us realise that people actually do die in this sport. While the sound work and editing is quite simply stunning.\r\n\r\nSee it on the biggest screen you can, and for home formats get the best possible disc available. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3482, 5920, 17744, 35392]}