{"tmdb_id": 203835, "title": "Amityville : The Awakening", "original_title": "Amityville: The Awakening", "slug_title": "amityville-the-awakening", "date": "2017-07-20", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Une m\u00e8re c\u00e9libataire emm\u00e9nage avec ses 3 enfants dans la c\u00e9l\u00e8bre maison hant\u00e9e sans conna\u00eetre l'histoire du lieu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eGxuIKSlMTlPuPDHPiPoRIofqYQ.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Jason Leigh (Joan Walker)", "Bella Thorne (Belle Walker)", "Cameron Monaghan (James Walker)", "Thomas Mann (Terrence)", "Jennifer Morrison (Candice)", "Kurtwood Smith (Dr. Milton)", "Mckenna Grace (Juliet Walker)", "Taylor Spreitler (Marissa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**They're trying to bring back the series!**\r\n\r\nSo the Amityville series continues. What this is like overall a tenth film. The last one was a decade ago. I'm okay with their idea of bringing it up. But there's nothing new in it. Only it was a different cast and timeline. So basically, you probably have seen this story in other flicks.\r\n\r\nA family of a single mother with one child with a serious medical condition moves into the most popular haunted house, the Amityville. The other one, a teen girl discovers the rumours from her new schoolmates. But the mother won't heed to it, till unusual events begin to unfold. So how it all ends are the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nThe cast was good, and that's it, the film was average. If you are a big fan of horror, then this would be even a worse film, because you might have seen hundreds of similar flicks. I think Amityville franchise is dead, because of bad storied films. Otherwise with good filmmakers, particularly the writer, it could come back to the old glory. So now, it's not that worth. I would suggest to check it out other horrors released in this year.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "Weak entry to an already played out franchise.  You've seen it before, either in the previous instalments or in any other ghosty horror film.  Jennifer Jason Leigh is turning up for a pay-cheque, Cameron Monaghan is as lifeless as the character he plays.  Seen worse but definitely seen much much better.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [440597, 300665, 292280, 406563]}