{"tmdb_id": 203801, "title": "Agents tr\u00e8s sp\u00e9ciaux : Code U.N.C.L.E", "original_title": "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "slug_title": "agents-tres-speciaux-code-u-n-c-l-e", "date": "2015-08-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Action / Aventure"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Situ\u00e9 au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 60, en pleine guerre froide, The Man From U.N.C.L.E. s'attache au parcours de l'agent de la CIA Solo et \u00e0 l'agent du KGB Kuryakin. Contraints de laisser de c\u00f4t\u00e9 leur antagonisme ancestral, les deux hommes s'engagent dans une mission conjointe : mettre hors d'\u00e9tat de nuire une organisation criminelle internationale d\u00e9termin\u00e9e \u00e0 \u00e9branler le fragile \u00e9quilibre mondial, en favorisant la prolif\u00e9ration des armes et de la technologie nucl\u00e9aires. Pour l'heure, Solo et Kuryakin n'ont qu'une piste : le contact de la fille d'un scientifique allemand port\u00e9 disparu, le seul \u00e0 m\u00eame d'infiltrer l'organisation criminelle. Ils se lancent dans une course contre la montre pour retrouver sa trace et emp\u00eacher un cataclysme plan\u00e9taire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5ttOaThDVmTpV8iragbrhdfxEep.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Cavill (Napoleon Solo)", "Armie Hammer (Illya Kuryakin)", "Alicia Vikander (Gaby Teller)", "Elizabeth Debicki (Victoria Vinciguerra)", "Luca Calvani (Alexander)", "Sylvester Groth (Uncle Rudi)", "Hugh Grant (Waverly)", "Jared Harris (Sanders)", "Christian Berkel (Udo)", "Misha Kuznetsov (Oleg)", "Guy Williams (Captain Smith)", "Marianna Di Martino (Desk Clerk)", "Julian Michael Deuster (Assistant)", "Andrea Cagliesi (Fishing Captain)", "Riccardo Calvanese (Man 2)", "Peter Stark (Guard (Checkpoint))", "David Menkin (Jones)", "Pablo Scola (Harbourmaster)", "Cesare Taurasi (Mechanic)", "Riccardo Flammini (Man 1)", "Francesco De Vito (Night Manager)", "Luca Della Valle (Security Guard)", "Simona Caparrini (Countess Allegra)", "David Beckham (Projectionist)", "Alessandro Ananasso (Italian Guard)", "Joana Metrass (Victoria's Assistant)", "Gabriel Farnese (Count Lippi)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The high-powered and hyper-kinetic \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 is a pulsating production that one would expect from the off-kilter imagination of writer-director Guy Ritchie whose flashy and furious actioners such as \u2018Snatch\u2019 and \u2018Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels\u2019 are indicative of the filmmaker\u2019s excess frivolity. So it is not much of a shock that Ritchie\u2019s big screen adaptation of the iconic 60s television series that featured the retro-suave Robert Vaughn and golden-haired heart-breaker David McCallum takes on a sleek, stylish and impishly erratic mix of intrigue and frolic.\r\n\r\nThe consensus is that \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 continues the wave of nifty and naughty-minded colourful espionage spectacles that seem to have invaded the summer of 2015. Perhaps when one cries \u2018U.N.C.L.E.\u2019  it will not be as challenging or convincingly crafty as the more cerebral and stimulating \u2018Mission: Impossible-Rogue Nation\u2019. Still, Ritchie\u2019s off-beat serving of \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 is mindless fun and roguishly cheeky.\r\n\r\nSure, at times the boisterous bounce in \u2018U.N.C.L.E/\u2019 feels rather strained as Ritchie\u2019s foray into the James Bond-esque territory featuring the off-balance smoothness of twitchy twosome  Brit Henry Cavill (the \u2018Man of Steel\u2019 star portraying American CIA Agent Napoleon Solo) and Armie Hammer (incidentally sporting a catchy and clever moniker) as Russian KGB Agent Illya Kuryakin spirals into a cliched cavalcade of mischievousness drowned out by surging surf music, crazy-minded and bright-coloured landscapes, perfect-looking protagonists and wildly penetrating predicaments in its manufactured action sequences. Nevertheless, \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 still generates a sense of rousing charm and insane impishness to carry out its agenda for off-the-cuff espionage escapist frolicking.\r\n\r\nSome may not mind the make-up of \u2018U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 as a saucy buddy action flick in disguise as Cavill and Hammer drolly inhabit the kooky coolness of TV\u2019s dynamic duo spies from yesteryear. Nobody will ever claim that Cavill and Hammer are trying to ape the small screen spying antics of original U.N.C.L.E. bad boys in the aforementioned Vaughn and McCallum any time soon. The exaggerated juiced-up chase scenes, the inclusion of high-volume spunk and wit, devious femme fatales that parade around as hormonal trophies\u2026all add to the high-wire hedonism of Ritchie\u2019s off-centered international gun-toting caper.\r\n\r\nRitchie\u2019s co-written screenplay, along with Lionel Wigham of \u2018Sherlock Holmes\u2019 fame with \u2018Harry Potter\u2019 producer credits, does not provide much of a deep-seeded story other than its need to indulge the audience in its shifty shenanigans as an over-the-top ode to a classic couple of televised operatives that baby-boomers will fondly recall from their childhood reminiscences. The premise is somewhat painfully familiar as two clashing spy guys with different approaches to the espionage game join at the hip to stop a madman planning to engineer nuclear destruction for a vulnerable world. Of course, in attempting to stop such unthinkable madness we are overcome with the philosophical tactics and mannerisms of the targeted tandem looking to spread some spice along the way in saving the world from certain cartoonish devastation.\r\n\r\nSolo is the capable cad whose free-spirit and ease on handling a sticky situation is met with instinctive, cavalier American ingenuity. Kuryakin, on the other hand, seems to be disciplined in his uptight \u2018play-it-by-the-book\u2019 demeanor as the cold Russian enforcer without a sense of straying from his boundaries. Together, this debonair \u2018ying-and-yang\u2019 pair of free-wheeling agents form as one in their mission to foil the demented deed of others. Isn\u2019t that special?\r\n\r\nIn essence, \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 believes in its wheeling-and-dealing hype and that is not necessarily a bad thing. It does not pretend to be anything other than what it is at large, a spry, jet-setting caper where playful doom and gloom is played out against a backdrop of elegant locales not to mention a spruced-up soundtrack to accompany the animated proceedings. As usual Ritchie punctuates his theatrical releases with loose-minded lunacy happening at a fast pace. The outlandishness of \u2018U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 is truly true to form in the tradition of the funky and frenetic fables that Ritchie loves to spin at will.\r\n\r\nBoth Cavill and Hammer seem to get inspiration out of their dressy roles as the inventive spies with a knack for carousing and chaos. The wily women that are at the center of attention for Solo\u2019s/Kuryakin\u2019s romancing interests in Elizabeth Debicki\u2019s vivacious Victoria and Alicia Vikander\u2019s toxic Gaby is refreshingly stimulating and reinforces the suspenseful jolt. As the commanding Waverly that oversees Solo and Kuryakin, Hugh Grant does not hold a candle to the late great character actor Leo G. Carroll, that was so memorable as the head honcho that pushed the buttons in the background for both Solo\u2019s \u2018The Man From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 and later April Dancer\u2019s (Stephanie Powers) \u2018The Girl From U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 \r\n\r\nSo here is to the jousting \u2018U.N.C.L.E.\u2019 enjoying its considerable A.U.N.T (\u2018A Unique Nifty Time\u2019) at the busy summertime box office.\r\n\r\nThe Man From U.N.C.L.E. (2015)\r\n\r\nWarner Bros. Pictures\r\n\r\n1 hr 43 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Henry Cavill, Armie Hammer, Alicia Vikander, Elizabeth Debicki, Sylvester Groth, Christian Berkel, Luca Calvani, Misha Kuznetsov and Hugh Grant\r\n\r\nDirected and Co-Written by: Guy Ritchie\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Spy/Espionage/Action & Adventure/Spy Thriller\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: ** 1/2 stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I know Ritchie gets a lot of flak for being a Tarantino copyist, but I really enjoy the films of the Brit that I've seen so far. They're great fun and more enjoyable than the grim-a-thons that the James Bond, Mission: Impossible and Jason Bourne franchises have churned out, though I love those as well. I thought the casting was a nice in-joke, pairing DC Comics' Superman with Marvel's Captain America, and I have loved Alicia Vikander's work since seeing her years ago in 'A Royal Affair'. I thought at the time she exuded both acting chops and sensuality out of every pore and would be a real monster if she ever went international--which she definitely has, both here and in 'Ex Machina'. Though I have never seen the TV series, I felt the camaraderie between the stars was refreshing, the car chases and other stunts were excellent, and, in a year most saturated with spy films (thankfully, for enthusiasts such as I), although it tanked at the box office, I for one hope it becomes a franchise. Why put the brakes on a good thing?..."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A very pleasing action-comedy with the balanced sensitive contents.\r\n\r\nAnother brilliant action-comedy from Guy Ritchie. I never saw the 60s television series of the same name, but this was very convenient for his style of portraying the tough men showing off their strength. The actors were simply wonderful, two year commitment by the two lead guys for this project definitely payed off well and Alicia Vikander filled the feminine void perfectly. I think it was one of the best trio in the movies I ever seen, very powerful and I hope it lasts for a trilogy.\r\n\r\nThe story sets in the 60s during the cold war tension between the world's two superpowers. But the film's specialty was, it does not render clash between them, instead they come together to fight the rogue forces who plan blitz against them. Very humourous, highly entertaining with a swift pace and amazing action sequences.\r\n\r\nI don't think the narration had any unique twist and turn, instead I call it a smartly written screenplay. So the overall movie was so good, but not a top-notch. My disappointment came from the technical side in some of parts, especially the bike and car chase in the last quarter that you can clearly tell a fake (greenscreen/bluescreen shot). Other than the main plot and its clever scenes, the movie did not offer distinctive features. Just taking away a \u00bd point is what places it on a line between good and average, but I definitely consider it a good.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "clyde e collins", "content": "_The Man from UNCLE_ 2015 #Action #Comedy Origin story of UNCLE 8/10 tinyurl.com/hvakyx4 \ud83c\udfac \ud83c\udccf \ud83d\udc4d \u23f0 \ud83d\udd2b \ud83c\udfbc \r\n\r\nIn the early 1960s, CIA agent Napoleon Solo competes with KGB agent Illya Kuryakin to find Gaby Teller's nuclear scientist father.  They need to get her out of East Germany first, then follow leads to the father, who seems to be building a bomb for a rich family in Italy.  Will they stop the use of the nuclear device?  Will Napoleon survive torture by Gaby's Nazi uncle?  Be ready to laugh; this is not a dark humourless POS like the superhero films; rather, it's a light hearted romp.\r\n\r\n*Image courtesy of The Movie Database*"}], "recommandations_id": [177677, 238713, 249070, 273481], "youtube_key": "4K4Iv_N9Nno"}