{"tmdb_id": 204467, "title": "Petrel Hotel Blue", "original_title": "\u6d77\u71d5\u30db\u30c6\u30eb\u30fb\u30d6\u30eb\u30fc", "slug_title": "petrel-hotel-blue", "date": "2012-03-24", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Petrel Hotel Blue is about friends Yoji, Yukio, and Kohei attempting a vehicular robbery. Yoji never shows, Kohei flakes at the scene, and Yukio takes the fall for the failed endeavor. Years later, Yukio is freed from prison and enacts a revenge plot against Yoji. From this point, one might anticipate an unsympathetic vengeance story consistent with the Asian arthouse of the past decade, but with Wakamatsu the intrigue is a pretense. Yukio traces Yoji to the isolated island hotel that he now manages with a sensuous and silent woman named Rika. From this desolate environ, literally a kind of primordial Nowhere replete with ominous black volcanic sand, reality quickly deteriorates. Tensions and rivalries rise, things are said, people are killed, dreams are inhabited, space and time crumble. The catalyst of this degeneration, and the cause for Yoji\u2019s absence all those years ago is one and the same: Rika. And she has curves that will make you blush.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tpxabB3kviYBx1W8WVuWu9chUPt.jpg", "actors": ["Hitomi Katayama (Rika)", "Arata Iura ()", "Go Jibiki ()", "Shima Ohnishi ()", "Hiromasa Hirosue ()", "Takaki Uda ()", "Nao Okabe ()", "Kiyohiko Shibukawa ()", "Kanako Higashi ()", "Ry\u00fbshi Mizukami ()", "Seiroku Nakazawa ()", "Hajime Yamaoka ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}