{"tmdb_id": 20443, "title": "Toutes folles de lui", "original_title": "Johnny Be Good", "slug_title": "toutes-folles-de-lui", "date": "1988-03-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Il s'appelle Johnny Walker, il \u00e0 17 ans et... tout le monde se l'arrache !!! le succ\u00e8s le fera t-il t\u00e9bucher ??? Johnny est lyc\u00e9en et joue au football... Am\u00e9ricain, bien sur !!! C'est m\u00eame le futur champion de sa cat\u00e9gorie. Voil\u00e0 pourquoi les entra\u00eeneurs et les recruteurs des meilleures \u00e9quipes tournent autour de lui : pour eux, Johnny repr\u00e9sente une v\u00e9ritable mine d'or. Or Johnny a promis \u00e0 sa charmante petite amie qu'il irait dans le m\u00eame coll\u00e8ge qu'elleil aime les filles et les plaisirs de la vie... Mais, pour les recruteurs, tous le moyens sont bons pour avoir Johnny dans leur rang...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sxzGGdnxrmNOQP6GmWjCrkxz8yv.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Michael Hall (Johnny Walker)", "Robert Downey Jr. (Leo Wiggins)", "Uma Thurman (Georgia Elkans)", "Paul Gleason (Wayne Hisler)", "Steve James (Coach Sanders)", "Jennifer Tilly (Connie Hisler)", "Seymour Cassel (Wallace Gibson)", "Marshall Bell (Chief Elkans)", "Deborah May (Mrs. Walker)", "Robert Downey Sr. (NCAA Investigator)", "John Hawkes (Pizza Boy #1)", "John Pankow (Lou Landers)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Uneven goofy teen comedy, but often fun and funny\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1988 and directed by Bud Smith, \"Johnny Be Good\" is a high school comedy starring Anthony Michael Hall as Johnny Walker from central Texas, America's most wanted football prospect. Should Johnny take one of the tempting offers from scores of talent scouts or should he attend the local state college with his babe (Uma Thurman), giving up his football dream? Paul Gleason plays his dubiously motivated coach while Robert Downey Jr. is on hand as his amusing bud.   \r\n \r\nIf you remember Hall from \u201cSixteen Candles\u201d (1984) and \u201cThe Breakfast Club\u201d (1985) you might think he would be too geeky to play a quarterback stud, but he\u2019s older here and more beefed up, not to mention 6\u20192\u201d. He and Downey Jr. have great chemistry and the movie scores pretty well on the feminine front with Thurman in her debut, as well as Jennifer Tilly, Hayley Ladner (Juicy Dorfman) and some other peripherals. On the other side of the spectrum, Steve James is a stunning example of masculinity as the coach at the state college (too bad Steve died so young from cancer of unknown origin). Jim McMahon has a quality cameo. \r\n\r\nWhile there\u2019s some semi-serious drama, the tone is often silly, but the movie\u2019s kinetic and offers numerous laughs. Anyone who criticizes the film for being goofy might as well criticize water for being wet. Unfortunately the story\u2019s awkwardly uneven and there are curious lulls. If the script were tightened up this could\u2019ve been a hit in the 80\u2019s teen comedy genre.\r\n\r\nLastly, the flick features a fun rockin\u2019 soundtrack with the likes of Judas Priest\u2019s \u201cJohnny B. Goode,\u201d which plays over the end credits.                                 \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 31 minutes and was shot in the San Antonio area (Georgetown & Alamo Heights) and Texas Stadium, Irving (near Dallas).   \r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [174332, 254634, 1363, 32332], "youtube_key": "cAniQ0cPRBM"}