{"tmdb_id": 2048, "title": "I, Robot", "original_title": "I, Robot", "slug_title": "i-robot", "date": "2004-07-15", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "En 2035, les robots sont devenus de parfaits assistants pour les \u00eatres humains. Le d\u00e9tective Del Spooner enqu\u00eate sur le meurtre du docteur Alfred Lanning, un chercheur en robotique. Le principal suspect semble \u00eatre un andro\u00efde nomm\u00e9 Sonny. Or, si l'on s'en r\u00e9f\u00e8re aux lois de la robotique, les robots ne sont pas dot\u00e9s de la facult\u00e9 de tuer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2mkFzf168xJrV6Leqq0bjqOlJCK.jpg", "actors": ["Will Smith (Del Spooner)", "Bridget Moynahan (Susan Calvin)", "Alan Tudyk (Sonny)", "James Cromwell (Dr. Alfred Lanning)", "Bruce Greenwood (Lawrence Robertson)", "Shia LaBeouf (Farber)", "Chi McBride (Lt. John Bergin)", "Jerry Wasserman (Baldez)", "Peter Shinkoda (Chin)", "Terry Chen (Chin)", "David Haysom (NS4 Robot and NS5 Robot)", "Scott Heindl (NS4 Robot and NS5 Robot)", "Adrian Ricard (Granny)", "Fiona Hogan (V.I.K.I.)", "Sharon Wilkins (Asthmatic Woman)", "Craig March (Detective)", "Darren Moore (Homeless Man)", "Emily Tennant (Young Girl)", "Tiffany Lyndall-Knight (Mob Woman)", "Aaron Douglas (USR Attorney #1)", "Angela Moore (Wife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I, Robot (2004), holding it's own in the genre pantheon?\r\n\r\nI, Robot has a fan base that I'm glad to say has kept this film from drifting down into the depths of bad blockbuster sci-fi ratingville. I remember upon the film's release how so many people were wary of if Will Smith could carry the film? The concerns from Isaac Asimov's fans about a sacrilegious take on his legacy etc etc. Truth is is that I, Robot is an amalgamation of sci-fi ideas, from the suggestion of Asimov to the novel of the same name from Eando Binder, it's a mix that ultimately gives us a cop versus sci-fi conspiracy picture, that is sure as hell entertaining if taken on popcorn terms.\r\n\r\nHaving just watched this again for the first time in a year or so, I found that it still hits the mark to me as a real tidy genre piece with a solid heart beat to keep it thought provoking. A futuristic mystery is smartly realised by Alex Proyas' directing in the manner befitting the subject, and of course Will Smith handles the entertaining action lead role with much ease. However, the main triumph (outside of the story) is Alan Tudyk as our computer generated protagonist Sonny, the voice and humanist movements are brilliantly brought to life by him and it's a real pleasure to observe.\r\n\r\nGreat visuals (Oscar nominated), top story, kinetic action, better than average acting (though Bridget Moynahan struggles to convince as a boffin at times), and we get a perfect nights entertainment for someone looking for a rental that safely delivers what it says on the robotic shaped tin. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [608, 607, 8960, 6479], "youtube_key": "s0f3JeDVeEo"}