{"tmdb_id": 204893, "title": "No Way Out", "original_title": "Walang Kawala", "slug_title": "no-way-out", "date": "2008-12-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Joaquin (Polo Ravales), an unassuming fisherman, is forced to confront his homosexuality when his sex-starved wife Cynthia (Althea Vega) returns from her overseas job eager to get pregnant. His young and impulsive lover, Waldo (Joseph Bitangcol), flees to Manila in disgust. After a month of hesitation, Joaquin leaves his wife to follow Waldo. His search takes him on a seamy yet colorful trip through Manila's gay underbelly. He discovers Waldo's dangerous flirtation with Rufo (Emilio Garcia), a bisexual rogue cop who holds the clue to Waldo's disappearance. Rufo lures Joaquin into his home and introduces him to his submissive wife, Beng (Jean Garcia). A sadist who beats up Beng regularly, Rufo turns Joaquin into a prisoner and sex slave - like he did to Waldo. When Joaquin is finally reunited with Waldo, he discovers that Rufo is about to sell them like fish to an international sex trafficking ring, along with his personal harem of male and female captives.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/odAiKDMaIObWxyrhB8BiQhRHAL1.jpg", "actors": ["Polo Ravales (Joaquin)", "Joseph Bitangcol (Waldo)", "Emilio Garcia (Rufo)", "Jean Garcia (Beng)", "Paolo Rivero (Gerard)", "Althea Vega (Cynthia)", "Marco Morales (Tolits)", "Ermie Concepcion (Trining (as Hermie Concepcion))", "Mike Magat (Siso)", "Anthony Taylor (Gay Bar Manager)", "Alcris Galura (Balut Vendor)", "Wilson Go (Mr. So)", "Aaron Domingo (News Reporter)", "Beth Rivera (News Reporter)", "Jon Romano (Enteng)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "vaniOIVplOI"}