{"tmdb_id": 20504, "title": "Le livre d'Eli", "original_title": "The Book of Eli", "slug_title": "le-livre-d-eli", "date": "2010-01-11", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans un futur proche, l'Am\u00e9rique n'est plus qu'une terre d\u00e9sol\u00e9e dont les villes sont des ruines et les routes autant de pi\u00e8ges infest\u00e9s de bandes criminelles. Depuis des ann\u00e9es, Eli voyage seul, se prot\u00e9geant des attaques et se battant pour trouver de quoi survivre. Lorsqu'il arrive dans ce qui fut autrefois la Californie, Eli se heurte au redoutable Carnegie, un homme qui ne recule devant rien pour imposer sa volont\u00e9 \u00e0 la petite communaut\u00e9 qu'il contr\u00f4le. Eli fait aussi la connaissance de la tr\u00e8s belle Solara et d\u00e9couvre que Carnegie compte bien \u00e9tendre sa sombre domination \u00e0 toute la r\u00e9gion. Eli parvient \u00e0 \u00e9chapper de Carnegie, mais Solara l'a suivi... M\u00eame s'il est d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 poursuivre sa route en solitaire, Eli comprend qu'il ne peut abandonner la jeune femme. Pour elle, il va prendre des risques qu'il n'a jamais pris pour lui-m\u00eame.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lEyqRamxQJpUvC3axFJeAA3ORng.jpg", "actors": ["Denzel Washington (Eli)", "Gary Oldman (Carnegie)", "Mila Kunis (Solara)", "Ray Stevenson (Redridge)", "Jennifer Beals (Claudia)", "Tom Waits (Engineer)", "Michael Gambon (George)", "Frances de la Tour (Martha)", "Lateef Crowder (Highjacker #3)", "Chris Browning (Highjacker Leader)", "Joe Pingue (Hoyt)", "Evan Jones (Martz)", "Lora Martinez-Cunningham (Young Woman Highjacker)", "Malcolm McDowell (Lombardi)", "Mike McCarty (Sniper)", "Richard Cetrone (Hijacker)", "Don Thai Theerathada (Hijacker)", "Thom Williams (Hijacker)", "Scott Wilder (Middle-Aged Man)", "Heidi Pascoe (Middle-Aged Woman)", "Jennifer Caputo (Biker)", "Eddie Perez (Biker)", "Spencer Sano (Biker / Town Thug)", "Mike Gunther (Sniper)", "John Koyama (Sniper)", "Scott Michael Morgan (Construction Thug Leader)", "Sala Baker (Construction Thug)", "Arron Shiver (Bartender)", "Justin Tade (Town Doctor)", "Mike Seal (Door Guard)", "Edward A. Duran (Town Thug)", "David Wald (Town Thug)", "Jermaine Washington (Town Thug)", "Clay Donahue Fontenot (Convoy Thug)", "Al Goto (Convoy Thug)", "Brad Martin (Convoy Thug)", "Tim Rigby (Convoy Thug)", "Luis Bordonada (Carnegie Gunman #1)", "Angelique Midthunder (Gatling Gun Gunner)", "Todd Schneider (Caddy Driver)", "Darrin Prescott (Suburban Driver)", "Laurence Chavez (Ice Cream Truck Driver)", "Brian Neal Lucero (Alcatraz Guard)", "David Midthunder (Alcatraz Soldier)", "Karin Silvestri (Biker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "The Book of Eli is one of those films that, at first glance, doesn't offer a terribly thrilling premise: a post-apocalyptic world, a lone wolf who fights for whatever is left of the good of mankind, and the young, naive and somewhat annoying girl he reluctantly takes under his wing. And of course, the bad guy. Sure, there are many more films like this you can find at any local video store.\r\n\r\nHowever, when you put two acting grandmasters like Denzel Washington and Gary Oldman head to head, you already know you're in for a treat. And in that respect, \"Eli\" absolutely delivers. Denzel Washington, in the role of Eli, does what he does best: he delivers his most perfect rough-around-the-edges, I'm-a-good-guy-but-I-don't-care routine we all know and love. He is a hard knock alright, and he has absolutely no problem whatsoever severing a few of your body parts if you get in his way. But he is still good to the core, one of the few decent human beings left in a world forsaken of decency. All you need to do to know this is look in his eyes, because the warmth and charisma Washington possesses say it all, even if he is completely covered in scar tissue.\r\n\r\nAnd then there's Gary Oldman. Good old Gary Oldman. I have to say, it's really nice to see him play a stone cold, heartless scumbag once again, especially after his soft good guy role in Batman, where he was almost dorky \u2013 to no fault of his own of course, but still. This man deserves to get every inch of space to act freely, and thank goodness, the Hughes brothers allowed him exactly that. He plays a sort of mob boss, the self-appointed leader of a dingy little town and owner of the bar. He beats his wife, prostitutes his stepdaughter and he does it smiling. He is the most filthy kind of evil, absolutely rotten and loving it. Why? We don't know. He's just a bastard, and that's that.\r\n\r\nWhich is another thing I really like about this film, even though I realize many other people might actually hate it: it offers absolutely no motives, no answers, no explanations to anything, no bite size plot lines, nothing. There's no intro, no voice-over telling you where we are and what's going on. Only half-way through the film there is a scene with Eli and Solara (played by Mila Kunis) where he tells her a little bit about his life, but that's it. Like I said, some people might hate this, so if you are the kind of person who likes a formula-driven action flick with catchy punch lines and nothing to think about, this is not the film for you.\r\n\r\nI would also like to make a little note on Mila Kunis. I must admit, I first had some doubts about her taking on a genre like this (although I was impressed with her performance in Black Swan, but that's a completely different kind of film, and other than that I only know her from That 70's Show), and throughout her first couple of scenes, she didn't do much to remove those doubts. However, as the film progressed, she got her act together and in the end, delivered a credible performance.\r\n\r\nThe visuals are stunning from start to finish. If you are a fan of the new, Frank Miller type of film style with high contrast colours and surreal scenery, you really need to see this. The bleak colours and images of darkness set against a really bright sky make the atmosphere heavy and haunting, making the anxiety of the characters almost tangible. You can just feel dryness, the desert, the hunger and the thirst. The western-like scenery of the town with the \"saloon\" at the heart of it, only adds to that sensation.\r\n\r\nAnother thing I'd like to mention is a quality not many modern-day films possess: the lost art of being silent. It is very rare for a film in this genre to simply be so... still. There is no dialogue except where it's absolutely necessary, and even the music is only used to actually add something to the scenes, but never as filler. The absence of sound here is just as important as its presence. Perfect.\r\n\r\nOn a similar note, the final credits go to Atticus Ross, who created an absolutely magnificent soundtrack, with music that sounds somewhat like the hybrid lovechild of Trent Reznor and Thom Yorke. It's just stellar and truly adds (emotional) value to every scene.\r\n\r\nFinally, I'm not going to tell you what the story is about, I will simply recommend that you go into it with an open mind and no prior knowledge. That's what I did and it worked perfectly. (I will only say that you really need to stick around for the awesome, slap-in-the-face plot twist at the end!)\r\n\r\nOf course it's not the best film ever made, but I still give it a 10, simply because it's beautiful, it's cool and it delivers a few excellent and satisfactory action scenes. And because it's been a really long time since I have downloaded a soundtrack immediately after seeing the film.\r\n\r\nOriginal? No. Eye-candy? Absolutely.\r\n\r\nGo see it.\r\n_(April 2011)_"}], "recommandations_id": [7551, 2789, 9679, 34544]}