{"tmdb_id": 205434, "title": "A Miner's Luck", "original_title": "A Miner's Luck", "slug_title": "a-miner-s-luck", "date": "1911-07-04", "genre": [""], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "A largely intact 1911 Australian film A Miner's Luck, produced by the Photo Vista Company for Pathe Freres.  A drama about a miner who is swindled out of his gold claim.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vaDsqY9RV6Na8mlCk2NjKaw0CGh.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "iCloche", "content": "A drama about a miner who is swindled out of his gold claim. The plot opens with Mary going to the mine with her father's dinner. Old Geordy learns that a prospective buyer is coming to inspect his mine. Mary goes home and is saved by Jack from the insulting attentions of dissolute Jim. A company promoter arrives home from the city to visit Possum Gully and inspect the mine. The mine is sold and old Geordy receives 250 pounds deposit. Jim's presence is overlooked. Old Geordy descends the shaft. Jim completes his dastardly scheme to rob his employer. Mary entertains the promoter with afternoon tea. Old Geordy makes futile attempts to ascend the shaft. Vera discovers his plight and goes for help. Mary learns of her father's dreadful position. Jack succeeds in rescuing old Geordy. Jim falls victim to more whisky and is robbed of the stolen money by Sunny Bill. Vera obtains the swag containing the stolen money. Old Geordy is brought home. The mystery of the missing money is solved. \r\n[source: Intertitles]\r\n\r\nThe film is substantially complete and surviving footage is 1000 feet of 35mm (15 mins @ 18fps). Access copies: 16mm.There is visible nitrate damage in some scenes. [source: NFSA http://www.nfsa.gov.au/]"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}