{"tmdb_id": 205588, "title": "Un tra\u00eetre id\u00e9al", "original_title": "Our Kind of Traitor", "slug_title": "un-traitre-ideal", "date": "2016-05-05", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un couple anglais, Perry et Gail, sont en vacances \u00e0 Marrakech. Ils tombent par hasard sur un millionnaire Russe nomm\u00e9 Dima, propri\u00e9taire d'une villa, une montre en or incrust\u00e9e de diamants au poignet. Il a aussi un tatouage sur son pouce droit et ferait bien une partie de tennis... La suite verra le couple exp\u00e9di\u00e9 de Paris \u00e0 une planque en Suisse, jusqu'aux recoins les plus troubles de la City de Londres et ses relations troubles avec les services secrets britanniques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vZklhnvecz1mA5pv93v20fLdO8Y.jpg", "actors": ["Ewan McGregor (Perry Makepeace)", "Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd (Dima)", "Damian Lewis (Hector)", "Naomie Harris (Gail Perkins)", "Jeremy Northam (Aubrey Longrigg)", "Khalid Abdalla (Luke)", "Mark Gatiss (Billy Matlock)", "Saskia Reeves (Tamara)", "Alicia von Rittberg (Natasha)", "Alec Utgoff (Niki)", "Mark Stanley (Ollie)", "Grigoriy Dobrygin (The Prince)", "Marek Oravec (Andrei)", "Velibor Topic (Emilio Del Oro)", "Carlos Acosta (Ballet Dancer)", "Pawel Szajda (Pasha)", "Radivoje Bukvi\u0107 (Misha)", "Christian Brassington (Secretary to the Cabinet)", "Dolya Gavanski (Olga)", "Mariya Fomina (Anna)", "Jana P\u00e9rez (Maria)", "Katia Elizarova (The Prince's Girlfriend)", "Isabelle Brouwers (Ballerina)", "Isabelle Clough (Ballerina)", "Valentina Karoleva (Ballerina)", "Danielle Nieuwenhuys (Ballerina)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen Zealots", "content": "A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com\r\n\r\n\u201cOur Kind of Traitor\u201d is the perfect anti-summer summer movie: it\u2019s a thoughtful, talky, decidedly adult spy thriller that\u2019s elevated by exceptional performances from top-notch acting talent and a clever, sharp script. You aren\u2019t going to find lots of shootouts or pointless action scenes here, it\u2019s the situations that will keep your mind actively guessing from start to finish. Director Susanna White instead chooses to focus on brains not brawn, and the result is an engrossing dramatic film with much greater depth than I expected.\r\n\r\nPerry (Ewan McGregor) is a university professor who is on a getaway in Morocco with his barrister wife Gail (Naomie Harris). While sitting alone in the hotel bar, he strikes up a conversation with Dima (Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd), who turns out to be a Russian mobster whose family is on the fast track to execution by even badder bad guys. Dima requests that Perry hand deliver a flash drive with secret information to the British government upon returning to the U.K. and sensing the imminent danger to the man\u2019s family, Perry obliges. Soon after, Perry is approached by MI6 agent Hector (a standout performance from Damian Lewis) and becomes an integral component of an involuntary spy game.\r\n\r\nAll of the leads play perfectly off each other, each bringing a contrasting, distinctive style of character to the screen. McGregor is perfectly clueless as a professor of poetry, Lewis is proper and resourceful as a by-the-books Englishman agent dealing with government red tape, and Skarsg\u00e5rd is spot-on as a genial, boisterous thug. Each of these men easily deserve major award nominations for their performances.\r\n\r\nThis is a well made tale of espionage and is far better than the last John le Carr\u00e9 adaptation (2011\u2019s dreadfully convoluted \u201cTinker Tailor Soldier Spy\u201c). \u201cOur Kind of Traitor\u201d is the perfect choice for adults who are just sick and tired of all the noise that\u2019s currently clogging theaters. This isn\u2019t your typical mindless summer fare, and I encourage all grown ups to seek it out.\r\n\r\n**A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com**"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Caught between the spies and a mafia gang.**\r\n\r\nI cannot voice for others, some of them did not like it, but for me this is a good film and I enjoyed it. This is a British thriller based on the book of the same name. Directed by not a so popular woman filmmaker and I think she did an awesome job. Very impressive storyline, completely unpredictable, but I felt I knew this tale and that was just because of this being too simple and yet emotionally appealed. Yep, I was not expecting that, it was a surprise and in the end, I happy that I saw it despite many negative responses.\r\n\r\nThis is a story of a London university professor Perry, who meets a Russian man called Dima during vacationing in Morocco with his wife. A simple meeting becomes a normal friendship, but later Dima reveals his true identity and asks him for a favour. Perry tries to do what Dima asked for, but that puts the couple in a tight spot. So now they're caught between the two people, not knowing how it all ends, the film in the next half is to reveal the result of the tale. I liked the line that said when Perry asked Dima why did you choose me?\r\n\r\nNot just the British actors, but Stellan Skarsgard looked so great, even in his limited part. The highlight was the swift pace, a quickly told story, but it ran for over hundred minutes. The overall atmosphere created to tell the tale was excellent, just like what a spy thriller needed. There are some edgy moments, but the stunts were limited. This is an R rated film, only because of the small scale of drugs, nudes and languages, but it does not deserve that. Maybe that was intentionally done to make it look like a grown-up's film. I think I can recommend it and I hope you enjoy it as well.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [333669, 333352, 302156, 311667], "youtube_key": "N5k4FBGtbMs"}