{"tmdb_id": 205679, "title": "Fury at Showdown", "original_title": "Fury at Showdown", "slug_title": "fury-at-showdown", "date": "1957-04-18", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ztP4DBp9mDE3xCFESpOpe5HGX5i.jpg", "actors": ["John Derek (Brock Mitchell)", "John Smith (Miley Sutton)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Norris)", "Nick Adams (Tracy Mitchell)", "Carolyn Craig (Ginny Clay)", "Gage Clarke (Chad Deasy)", "Robert Griffin (Sheriff Clay)", "Norman Leavitt (Swamper)", "Frances Morris (Mrs. Williams)", "Tyler MacDuff (Tom Williams (as Tyler McDuff))", "Robert Adler (Alabam)", "Ken Christy (Mr. Phelps)", "Tom McKee (Sheriff of Buckhorn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Showdown Creek!\r\n\r\nFury at Showdown is directed by Gerd Oswald and adapted to screenplay by Jason James from the novel Showdown Creek written by Lucas Todd. It stars John Derek, John Smith, Carolyn Craig, Nick Adams, Gage Clarke and Robert Griffin. Music is by Harry Sukman and cinematography by Joseph LaShelle.\r\n\r\nAfter killing a man in self defence, reformed gunfighter Brock Mitchell (Derek) finds that the brother of the man he killed is intent on evening the score.\r\n\r\nIt's a tried and tested formula here, that of a one time gunman trying to reform but finds others simply will not let him. There's a love interest tantalisingly in the balance, some brotherly love playing a key part in the story, a bit of angst, fisticuffs (including a superb saloon brawl) and machismo, and a well constructed finale. Oswald has skills with the camera, nice shots and an ability to ensure each frame has something to offer, his work really belying the quickfire turnaround for release he was tasked with. \r\n\r\nElsewhere, Lashelle's monochrome photography is lush, seen at its best with the TCM-HD print doing the rounds on cable networks. Also appealing is Sukman's musical score, very subtle and stripped back to be a nice tonal accompaniment. Acting is in the main decent, with Derek a likeable presence in the lead, to leave us with a good sturdy Oater where Fury at Showdown manages to overcome its small budget and isolated location setting to hold its head up high. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}