{"tmdb_id": 205775, "title": "Au c\u0153ur de l'oc\u00e9an", "original_title": "In the Heart of the Sea", "slug_title": "au-coeur-de-l-ocean", "date": "2015-11-20", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Aventure / Action / Histoire", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 l'hiver 1820, le baleinier Essex, originaire de Nouvelle-Angleterre, est attaqu\u00e9 par une cr\u00e9ature redoutable : une baleine aux dimensions hors normes et \u00e0 la volont\u00e9 de fer qui semble anim\u00e9e par une terrible soif de vengeance.  Cette catastrophe maritime inspirera \"Moby Dick\" d'Herman Melville. Mais cet ouvrage n'a pas relat\u00e9 l'int\u00e9gralit\u00e9 des \u00e9v\u00e9nements. Heart of the sea s'attache aux cons\u00e9quences \u00e9pouvantables de ce d\u00e9sastre, alors que les survivants de l'\u00e9quipage sont accul\u00e9s dans les cordes et contraints de commettre l'impensable pour rester en vie. Affrontant les temp\u00eates, la faim, la panique et le d\u00e9sespoir, ces hommes remettent en question leurs convictions les plus profondes et leurs valeurs morales, tandis que le capitaine du navire cherche \u00e0 retrouver le cap et que son second croit encore pouvoir mater l'\u00e9norme mammif\u00e8re qui les a pris pour cible\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8oUsJWaKyW9ZY58NwVY7IE5DFzJ.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hemsworth (Owen Chase)", "Benjamin Walker (George Pollard)", "Cillian Murphy (Matthew Joy)", "Brendan Gleeson (Old Thomas Nickerson)", "Ben Whishaw (Herman Melville)", "Michelle Fairley (Mrs. Nickerson)", "Tom Holland (Young Thomas Nickerson)", "Paul Anderson (Thomas Chappel)", "Frank Dillane (Owen Coffin)", "Joseph Mawle (Benjamin Lawrence)", "Edward Ashley (Barzallai Ray)", "Sam Keeley (Ramsdell)", "Osy Ikhile (Richard Peterson)", "Gary Beadle (William Bond)", "Jamie Sives (Isaac Cole)", "Morgan Chetcuti (Sheppard)", "Charlotte Riley (Peggy)", "Nicholas Jones (Pollard Senior)", "Donald Sumpter (Paul Macy)", "Richard Bremmer (Benjamin Fuller)", "Jordi Moll\u00e0 (Spanish Captain)", "Hayley Joanne Bacon (Nantucket Townswoman)", "Andrew Crayford (Customs Officer)", "Claudia Newman (Nantucket Townswoman)", "Daniel Westwood (Nantucket Passenger)", "Andy Wareham (John Sanborn)", "Stephanie Jacob (Tally Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> We actually know this story, but not the truth until now!\r\n\r\nRon Howard's latest sea adventure, stars Chris Hemsworth in an important role. So the people comparing it with 'Moby Dick', because both the film is about the same story, but one was inspired and the other one was, I mean this film was based on the actual event. I had seen the BBC film 'The Whale', not a bad film for a low budget television film. Most importantly, it revealed the truth about what I was not aware of from one of my favourite sea adventure films.\r\n\r\nI never read the book, but saw the British version, so I knew what I'm going to witness. Still, I was very interested to check it out, because it is a grand film and as expected I loved the visuals. Those sea adventures were very realistic, except the action sequences which is obviously cinema gimmick. The surprise part was the narration. It was a flashback story, something like 'Life of Pi', a man recall his old memory of his survival at the sea with other crew members of the ship Essex when it was attacked by a big white whale.\r\n\r\nIt is kind of impossible to believe what this film says is true. And obviously what we see is not what exactly happened, but very close. So see this film to believe it. Whatever it is, I totally enjoyed watching it. The 2 hour long never looked too long. There are a few mild disturbing scenes due to the theme concept, but it is a good family film. If you like 'Moby Dick' then you should watch it. Definitely an underrated film by the film critics.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "StbMDB", "content": "I love these type of 18th century film flair, and the whole pirate-like or merchant crew voyaging to the open sea looking for a non-abundant resource later to be topped with an impossible foe because of the technology at the time thus lead to strand in mother nature. Good stuff!"}], "recommandations_id": [253412, 300673, 228066, 274854]}