{"tmdb_id": 20583, "title": "Le voyage d'une vie", "original_title": "Love's Long Journey", "slug_title": "le-voyage-d-une-vie", "date": "2005-12-03", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Action / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Missie et William LaHaye viennent de se marier. Quand Missie tombe enceinte, ils partent \u00e0 l'ouest afin de se construire un ranch. Le jeune couple d\u00e9couvre que le village o\u00f9 se trouve le terrain de leurs r\u00eaves est contr\u00f4l\u00e9 par une bande de brigands, ce qui force William \u00e0 d\u00e9fendre \u00e0 tout prix sa propri\u00e9t\u00e9 et sa nouvelle famille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ju2sAoWeXIdh6MSIve8BMFz74VT.jpg", "actors": ["Erin Cottrell (Missie LaHaye)", "Dale Midkiff (Clark Davis)", "Logan Bartholomew (Willie LaHaye)", "Frank McRae (Cookie)", "Drew Tyler Bell (Jeff LaHaye)", "William Morgan Sheppard (Scottie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 4. The stories of Missie and Jeff: The struggles and the first love.\r\n\r\nThe fourth movie in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series. It continued a few years after where the previous one ended. LaHaye family comfortably settled down running a ranch in the wild west and Missie is now a full time teacher in a local school. This story apprises the struggles and introduces a proper villain for the first time in this series. Unlike the title, the story travels in the opposite direction. Time to test your faith in this series. If you manage to get through, you would continue or feel tediousness.\r\n\r\nHold on, I did not say the movie was good as the previous ones. Until now I had not seen a substandard in the series. Maybe the word 'substandard' is very rude. It can be explained in another way as well like the story considerably focuses on the misery side of the LaHaye family. Missie's father came a long way to spend time her and his grandchildren. But then the visit came at a wrong time, especially the entire region is suffering from the drought. The troubles only extends without a sign of ending. Some of the LaHaye's family friends living in their worst nightmare.\r\n\r\n> \"The only thing we both want...\r\n> We won't ever see again.\"\r\n\r\nIn a parallel layered narration, Jess is near the 20 or something and he tastes his first love. Not without the obstacles. Because the girl who is associated with him is from highly influenced family in the town. It was a pretty good romance track, deserved to be told as one side his family is grieving and other hand his (Jeff's) own struggle. Sad faces are seen everywhere and I'm happy it is not all about the happiness, though there are sad narrations as well in the series.\r\n\r\nSo, it was the story composition intensely created that way to display. But the viewers are not thinking about the possibilities of what a family could go through in a such situation. Rather, they are pointing out the movie as a downfall, not the story that talks about the downfall. That is why the whole film looks grim and depressing, only if you did not get it. Anyway, it is a long movie series and all kinds of mood, genre, theme of the tales are expected in the each film. I believe the next one would get better and that's what I'm thinking right now.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30975, 20641, 22488, 49857], "youtube_key": "notfound"}