{"tmdb_id": 206084, "title": "My Friend from India", "original_title": "My Friend from India", "slug_title": "my-friend-from-india", "date": "1927-12-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Wealthy young man about town, Tommy Valentine (Franklin Pangborn) comes to the aid of Barbara Smith (Elinor Fair). But before he can learn anything about Barbara, her social climbing Aunt Bedelia (Ethel Wales), whisks her away. On a mission to \"find the girl,\" Tommy looks for her everywhere. He unknowingly befriends her brother Charlie, who invites him to spend the evening in Smith's palatial home. The next morn Aunt Bedelia finds Tommy with his head wrapped in a towel and assumes him to be the Hindu prince that Charlie promised to bring to her society party. Introduced to all as a Prince from Calcutta, Tommy is forced to see the charade through. But the local con-man Charlie had previously arranged to appear at the party as the Prince shows up as well. At least Tommy is able to reconnect with Barbara, that is until the police show up with orders to arrest all fake fakirs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/saO3wtY3bmRwwRhwgtv7Y0b7XlP.jpg", "actors": ["Franklin Pangborn (William / Tommy Valentine)", "Elinor Fair (Bernice / Barbara)", "Ben Hendricks Jr. (Charles / Charlie)", "Ethel Wales (Arabella Mott / Bedelia Smith)", "Jeanette Loff (Marion / Ruth Brooks)", "Tom Ricketts (Judge Elmer Elderberry Egbert Belmore)", "Louis Natheaux (T. Austin Webb)", "Tom Dugan (Kasha Murti / Swami / Bogus Hindu Prince)", "George Ovey (Valet to Hindu Prince)", "Edgar Norton (Jennings the Butler)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}