{"tmdb_id": 206155, "title": "Waiting in the Dark", "original_title": "\u6697\u3044\u3068\u3053\u308d\u3067\u5f85\u3061\u5408\u308f\u305b", "slug_title": "waiting-in-the-dark", "date": "2006-09-05", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "Michiru has lost her eyesight, and to make matters worse, her father dies shortly afterwards.  She is now all alone and spends most of her day isolated in her home.  Akihiro is a Chinese-Japanese immigrant, that has had to deal with racism all throughout his life.  He is now tormented at work by one of his older co-workers named Toshio.  One day at a train station in front of Michiru's house, Toshio is thrown into the path of an oncoming train.  The only person seen at the train stop was Akihiro.  Akihiro frantically flees from the scene and manages to enter Michiru's house without her knowledge.  After a few days, Michiru starts to sense the presence of another person in her home.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5C4XnyNNY41xwAs20k95KSKqkeD.jpg", "actors": ["Rena Tanaka (Michiru Honma)", "Chen Bolin (Akihiro Oishi)", "Haruka Igawa (Harumi Mishima)", "Koichi Sato (Toshio Matsunaga)", "Mao Miyaji (Kazue Futaba)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "NinjaNakashima", "content": "The movie starts of kind of slow as we are introduced to the life of Michiru, but things certainly become interesting when the doorbell rings and nobody answers her.  Unknown to Michiru, Akihiro sneaks into her house and hides out.  This is a sweet tale of a blind girl who hides from the world and a boy who hides in order to avoid the police, but also to find out what really happened."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "M15NOTM1t2E"}