{"tmdb_id": 20628, "title": "Skin Game", "original_title": "Skin Game", "slug_title": "skin-game", "date": "1971-09-30", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Quincy Drew  et Jason O'Rourke  se d\u00e9placent de ville en ville dans le sud des \u00c9tats-Unis \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque de l'esclavage. Drew pr\u00e9tend \u00eatre propri\u00e9taire d'esclave vers le bas sur son porte-bonheur qui vend O'Rourke comme esclave. Quincy obtient le roulement d'appel d'offres, vend Jason, et les deux se rencontrent plus tard \u00e0 partager les b\u00e9n\u00e9fices. Jason est n\u00e9 un homme libre dans le New Jersey et est tr\u00e8s bien \u00e9duqu\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qk03UsFublZCgbu8bepe1Xmlfcz.jpg", "actors": ["James Garner (Quincy Drew / Capt. Nathaniel Mountjoy)", "Louis Gossett Jr. (Jason O'Rourke)", "Susan Clark (Ginger / Miss Abigail Blodgett)", "Brenda Sykes (Naomi (slave))", "Ed Asner (Plunkett (runaway slave hunter))", "Andrew Duggan (Howard Calloway (plantation owner))", "Henry Jones (Sam Cutler (slave buyer in Fair Shake))", "Neva Patterson (Mrs. Claggart)", "Parley Baer (Mr. Claggart)", "George Tyne (Henry P.Bonner)", "Royal Dano (John Brown)", "J. Pat O'Malley (William)", "Joel Fluellen (Uncle Abram)", "Napoleon Whiting (Ned)", "Juanita Moore (Viney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Skin Con!\r\n\r\nSkin Game is predominantly directed by Paul Bogart and written by Richard Alan Simmons and Peter Stone. It stars James Garner, Louis Gossett Jr., Susan Clark, Brenda Sykes, Edward Asner and Andrew Duggan. Music is by David Shire and cinematography by Fred J. Koenekamp.\r\n\r\nSlavery era America and two interracial con-men travel from town to town duping white folk into purchasing black Jason O'Rourke (Gossett Jr,). After Quincy Drew (Garner) strikes a deal, with money in hand, the pair meet up later to scarper and split the profits. A nice con, that is until ladies and savvy outsiders enter the fray...\r\n\r\nA lovely Panavision/Technicolor production, Skin Game is a little remembered comedy Oater, not because it's poor, but more than likely because it has been shunted to one side due to what is now perceived as political incorrectness. Which is a shame, for although it doesn't fully exploit the premise it is working with, it's a very likable pic that's propped up by strong lead performances.\r\n\r\nAs the not so intrepid duo move from town to town, places with great names like Dirty Shame and Bitter End, a number of funny scenes keep things perky, be it bath time, Jason crying or the verbal jousting rumbling on, the comedy is subtle and easy to digest. The introduction of Clark lifts the pic higher, for she's a bigger rogue than Quincy and Jason, adding more cream to an already amusing pudding.\r\n\r\nIt's all very improbable as such, so we are not surprised when things inevitably go belly up, while the intention to probe the bile of the era in question doesn't make a telling mark. But the pros of the piece far outweigh the cons to give us a film worth tracking down. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [65489, 37214, 42261, 70387], "youtube_key": "OKvAze3Sosc"}