{"tmdb_id": 206284, "title": "Grace Unplugged", "original_title": "Grace Unplugged", "slug_title": "grace-unplugged", "date": "2013-10-04", "genre": ["Drame / Musique"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Grace Trey est une adolescente bien sous tous rapports, membre active du groupe Chr\u00e9tien fond\u00e9 par son p\u00e8re. Mais \u00e0 l\u2019approche de ses 18 ans, celle-ci songe \u00e0 quitter cette chorale de l'Eglise pour commencer la carri\u00e8re musicale qui lui est destin\u00e9e. Il faudra faire un choix et sa foi sera mise \u00e0 rude \u00e9preuve.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nmrieP5JFDAxChwwwkq0TWc6a8j.jpg", "actors": ["AJ Michalka (Gracie Trey)", "James Denton (Johnny Trey)", "Kevin Pollak (Frank \"Mossy\" Mostin)", "Shawnee Smith (Michelle Trey)", "Michael Welch (Quentin)", "Jamie Grace (Rachel)", "Emma Catherwood (Kendra Burroughs)", "Zane Holtz (Jay Grayson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Chasing a dream against the family will!**\r\n\r\nThis is a Christian film and like usual, I did not mind that. I cherish film for what it narrates than on what it all was all built on. Yeah, there's a little annoyance when a father is not letting his daughter to pursue her dreams. Especially in this modern world, and too in the western world, this is a bit surprising.\r\n\r\nGrace, an 18 year old girl raised with the Christian faith is set to find her own life path. Her father, who is insisting her not to abandon the faith is the one to be convinced about what she wanted to accomplish in her life. She takes the chance that comes her way and the rest is history making.\r\n\r\nAn inspiring film. Not just for the Christian faith, but anybody with dreaming to accomplish something big. Particularly the youngsters. The cast was good, and the characters. Music tracks too enjoyable. Maybe the runtime should have been a shorter to accompany the pace. But overall not bad, a fine film was once watching.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [109614, 31665, 172548, 191731], "youtube_key": "notfound"}