{"tmdb_id": 206487, "title": "Pr\u00e9destination", "original_title": "Predestination", "slug_title": "predestination", "date": "2014-08-28", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Pour sa derni\u00e8re mission d\u2019Agent Temporel, ce voyageur dans le temps doit capturer le seul criminel qui lui a toujours \u00e9chapp\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iEOtOgifjNU718DUnNKmS0Jiovw.jpg", "actors": ["Ethan Hawke (The Bartender)", "Sarah Snook (The Unmarried Mother)", "Noah Taylor (Mr. Robertson)", "Christopher Kirby (Agent Miles)", "Madeleine West (Mrs. Stapleton)", "Jim Knobeloch (Dr. Belfort)", "Freya Stafford (Alice)", "Elise Jansen (Nurse)", "Tyler Coppin (Dr. Heinlein)", "Christopher Stollery (The Interviewer)", "Christopher Sommers (Miller)", "Kuni Hashimoto (Dr. Fujimoto)", "Sara El-Yafi (Lab Technician)", "Paul Moder (Boxing Commentator 1)", "Grant Piro (Boxing Commentator 2 / News Report Announcer)", "Christopher Bunworth (Jerry)", "Jamie Gleeson (Dirty Hippy)", "Christina Tan (Female Reporter)", "Dennis Coard (Mayor Davidson)", "Milla Simmonds (Baby Jane 1)", "Ruby Simmonds (Baby Jane 1)", "Cate Wolfe (Beth)", "Ben Prendergast (Dr, Clarke)", "Carmen Warrington (Grace)", "Sharon Kershaw (Abigail)", "Charlie Alexander-Powell (Baby Jane 2)", "Smith Alexander-Powell (Baby Jane 2)", "Olivia Sprague (Jane 5yo)", "Katie Avram (Ice Cream Daughter)", "Melissa Avram (Ice Cream Mother)", "Giordano Gangl (Ice Cream Vendor)", "Tony Nikolakopoulos (Driver)", "Monique Heath (Jane 10yo)", "Sophie Cusworth (Older Fighting Girl)", "Finegan Sampson (Fighting Boy)", "David Rock (Orphanage Administrator 1)", "Richard Whybrow (Orphanage Administrator 2)", "Felicity Steel (Mrs. Rosenblum)", "Lucinda Armstrong Hall (Blonde Classmate)", "Maja Sarosiek (Space Corp Receptionist)", "Vanessa Crouch (Recruit 1)", "Eliza D'Souza (Recruit 2)", "Sophie Van Den Akker (Recruit 3)", "Madeleine Dixon (Recruit 4)", "Hayley Butcher (Recruit 5)", "Rebecca Cullinan (Dumb Girl Recruit)", "Alicia Pavlis (Hooker Girl Recruit)", "Ewa Bartecki (Lazy Girl Recruit)", "Arielle O'Neill (Nauseous Girl)", "Alexis Fernandez (Marcy)", "Kristie Jandric (Physical Fitness Trainer)", "Marky Lee Campbell (Trainer's Assistant)", "Rob Jenkins (Mr. Jones)", "Raj Sidhu (Dr. Baldwin)", "Annabelle Norman (Suburban Daughter)", "Scott Norman (Suburban Father)", "Kristen Norman (Suburban Mother)", "Michael Norman (Suburban Son)", "Louise Talmadge (Mrs. Garner)", "Carolyn Shakespeare-Allen (Older Nurse)", "Noel Herriman (Dr. Davis)", "Ray Tiernan (Conner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Robert Heinlein\u2019s classic short story \u2018All You Zombies\u2019 gets the big screen treatment as the basis for the Science Fiction time travel thriller \u2018Predestination\u2019, a notably imaginative film noir that craftily elevates the genre into an alluring confection. Australian cinematic siblings the Spierig Brothers (as in Michael and Peter) dutifully direct and adapt Heinlein\u2019s Science Fiction material into a twisty tale of search and suspense. It was reported that Heinlein wrote his intriguing narrative in one single day back in the late 1950s. Well, whatever the case is behind such speculation, it is clear that \u2018Predestination\u2019 is a competent and compelling time travel vehicle that deserves its inevitable comparison to the likes of Rian Johnon\u2019s solid and involving 2012 inventive spectacle \u2018Looper\u2019. \r\n\r\nThe Spierig Brothers and \u2018Predestination\u2019 lead Ethan Hawke (Oscar-nominated for \u2018Training Day\u2019 and \u2018Boyhood\u2019) collaborate once again as they bring together a surreal movie experience detailing with the agenda of a Temporal Agent going undercover as a barkeep known as The Bartender (Hawke) in an attempt to thwart criminal activities before they turn into actual crimes. It is worth noting that the Spierigs have coveted the zombies/vampires sensationalism in their earlier films (\u2018Undead\u2019 and \u2018Daybreakers\u2019) but curiously side-swipe any references to these creatures in \u2018Predestination\u2019 despite the aforementioned \u2018All You Zombies\u2019 blueprint for inspiration. Perhaps this is a wise revelation as the Spierigs are allowed to concentrate on the ponderous SF aspects of human adventure within the varied dimensions of time, place and space.\r\n\r\nThe daring exposition gels both creatively and caustically because of the macabre mission being undertaken by the Bartender and feminine targeted scriber \u2018The Unmarried Mother\u2019 (as portrayed by Aussie actress Sarah Snook, \u2018Jessabelle\u2019). The agent Bartender is represented by a shadowy and roguish governmental outfit blessed with the ability to fight crime through time-traveling tactics. Unfortunately, the rough edges in preventing crime-ridden hedonism through time travel accessibility has not always been a smooth transition for the Agency. Also, it does not help that the constant policing corruption has spiraled out of control thus adding more pressure to the Agency to perform its watchdog duties tackling sinister plots.\r\n\r\nThere are revolving elements that shape \u2018Predestination\u2019 to become this enigmatic, head-scratching puzzle where the sense of encountering warped worlds are wondrous yet unsettling and weird. The Bartender (already a victimized and distressed pawn in the nefarious dealings of the id-70s New York City\u2019s elusive and crazed Fizzle Bomber) soon encounters a stranger betting him that he (or \u2018she\u2019 in certain cases) can provide the most outlandish story that he has ever heard to date. Soon the boastful stranger (Snook), a \u2018True Confessions\u2019 columnist for the written piece \u2018The Unmarried Mother\u2019, will figure into the Bartender\u2019s predestined existence in more ways than one.\r\n\r\n\u2018Predestination\u2019 is a complicated SF sideshow that touched upon some unconventional fodder that range from timely commentary pertaining to violence to topical issues of sexuality. The film skillfully presents the frailties of suspicion, apprehension and uncertainty within the tangled and playful web of time travel management. With all the nifty under-sized flashy special effects and Science Fiction trickery aside, \u2018Predestination\u2019 sparkles in large part to its committed and calculating performances by Hawke and Snook as the psychological bait that guides the audience into the transfixing insanity that persists within the confines of the storylines. In particular, Snook\u2019s \u2018Mother\u2019 is called upon to offer a complex characterization of an individual (both female and male genders) and take us into the nostalgic timelines of the past and present while conveying shades of toughness, vulnerability and mystique. She has a sordid backstory that unfolds and adds to the tormented trials and tribulations with the obsession of catching the scheming Fizzle Bomber. In a convincing supporting role, Noah Taylor\u2019s Mr. Robertson is instrumental in the development of Snook\u2019s triple identity crisis as Jane/John/\u2019Mother\u2019.\r\n\r\nThere certainly is an old-fashioned, spellbinding vibe about \u2018Predestination\u2019 that propels the Spierigs\u2019 trippy time-traveling spectacle to its climatic ambitions. The low-key production values are surprisingly engaging but overall the telling proof of acting, directing, writing and imagination seems to be a winning formula in conception. Of course, the other filmmaking strokes involving the crisp cinematography, soothing score and vibrant set designs further compliments this punchy actioner.\r\n\r\nDark, moody and visibly challenging, 'Predestination\u2019 gleefully plots and twists its way into a hearty submission of inspired Science Fiction contemplation. After all, time does not stand still for anybody especially in the realm of Australian noir SF sensibilities.\r\n\r\nPredestination (2014)\r\n\r\nSony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions\r\n\r\n1 hr.  37 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Ethan Hawke, Sarah Snook and Noah Taylor\r\n\r\nDirected by: Michael and Peter Spierig\r\n\r\nRated: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Science Fiction/Time Travel thriller/Sci-Fi crime caper\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: *** stars (out of four stars)"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The one thing that this job has taught me is that truth is stranger than fiction.\r\n\r\nOut of Australia, Predestination is directed by Michael Spierig and Peter Spierig (who also scores the music). The Spierig's also adapt the screenplay from Robert A. Heinlein's story \"All You Zombies\". It stars Ethan Hawke, Sarah Snook, Noah Taylor, Christopher Kirby and Madeleine West. Ben Nott is the cinematographer. \r\n\r\nIf we throw up a simple synopsis for this pic, it's about a time travelling agent who goes back in time to stop a killer known as \"The Fizzle Bomber\" - whilst helping a trans-gender man who has just told him a fascinating and emotionally wrought story. But simple is not a word readily associated with the Spierig's deliriously complicated mind meld of a movie. \r\n\r\nThe first half of film is the story being relayed by Snook to Hawke, and then the film spirals into a world of temporal loops and frazzled paradoxes. This demands the utmost attention from the viewer, a piece guaranteed to have you asking tricky questions, and also likely to have you rewinding some scenes for clarity - like I did!\r\n\r\nThis is not an actioner, this is very cerebral and sedate in tone, adult science fiction that's as audacious as it is clever. Snook is quite simply outstanding, the various layers she gives to her characterisations grip with intensity and emotional heart tugs. Hawke once again is reassuringly great - in that how he doesn't need to overact, he recognises the tone needed here, whilst knowing it's wise to let his co-star take the main stage.\r\n\r\nThematically the story blends its dizzying thoughts about time and its impact on the human race, with that of our basic human condition, that of identity. This is a very rewarding production for those who wont be popping off to make a cup of coffee during the viewing, it's hoped that in time this will garner more fans and be seen as something of a sci-fi gem. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Jeff_34", "content": "**Rare excellent story - you cannot predict whatsoever**\r\n\r\nWhen's the last time you saw a film and could not even come close to predicting the ending.\r\n\r\nWhen's the last time after you saw a film you had to call up your best friends and tell them they have to see this.\r\n\r\nWhen's the last time you had a guest over and asked if they wanted to see a seriously twisted film - you couldn't resist that a near stranger would miss the chance to see this.\r\n\r\nIf you're in the mood for a mind luck (ie. if fish = lish ^_^) you will not want to pass this up.\r\n\r\nWay way fun.\r\n\r\nCan be watched - and seriously enjoyed - multiple times --> no small feat these days."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Never forget that time travel is real.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "artlawless", "content": "This is a film based on the short story by Robert A Heinlein called All You Zombies. It's a fantastic film with a portrayal of paradoxes and the extent to which they can become convoluted if Time Travel was possible. And when I say Time Travel, I mean with the ability to interfere with the past and future, and not just witness. It's a tough movie to get your head around so be prepared to go back and watch it again. The cast is fantastic. _Ethan Hawke_ delivers as always. But we need to talk about _Sarah Snook_ - man she can act! She's the heart of the film and brings together the first half of the film so convincingly. It's rare that a film based on Time Travel is made without ugly holes in the plot. Predestination is one of those rare ones which is complete in its beginning and end."}], "recommandations_id": [220289, 157353, 45612, 262543]}