{"tmdb_id": 206678, "title": "Keep Your Chin Up", "original_title": "\u4e0a\u3092\u5411\u3044\u3066\u6b69\u3053\u3046", "slug_title": "keep-your-chin-up", "date": "1962-03-04", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kawanishi Kyu and Tomoda Ryoji, two waifs, are inmates of a Reform School. One night, the boys succeed in a mass escape and split up. Kyu and Ryoji hear the sirens shrieking behind them and panic. Kyu pretends he has been hit by a small truck and Ryoji demands that they be taken to a hospital, little dreaming that Nagai, the driver, is the official guardian of juveniles. The next morning the two boys hear a light knock, and Nagai's daughter, Noriko enters, but surprise is changed to fear as they see her father approaching with Kume, the Juvenile Officer. Their one thought is escape but Kyu discovers his leg is stiff and it pains him to move. In the excitement, he had not realized he had really been hit by the truck. He sends Ryoji away while he waits alone for Officer Kume. Nagai takes Kyu under his wing, while Ryoji finds himself again in the hard-boiled world.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Ky\u00fb Sakamoto (Ky\u00f4 Kawanishi)", "Mitsuo Hamada (Ry\u00f4ji Tomoda)", "Sayuri Yoshinaga (Noriko Nagai)", "Tomoko Watanabe (Mitsuko Nagai)", "Daizaburo Hirata (Wakabayashi)", "Masao Shimizu (Sh\u00f4ichir\u00f4)", "Yasukiyo Umeno (Jessie Maki)", "Shinsuke Ashida (Tokuz\u00f4 Nagai)", "Hideki Takahashi (Takeshi Matsumoto)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}