{"tmdb_id": 2067, "title": "Mission to Mars", "original_title": "Mission to Mars", "slug_title": "mission-to-mars", "date": "2000-03-10", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "2020, La NASA envoie pour la premi\u00e8re fois une \u00e9quipe d'astronautes sur Mars. Mais peu de temps apr\u00e8s leur arriv\u00e9e, ils sont confront\u00e9s \u00e0 un ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne surnaturel d'une puissance terrifiante et toutes les communications sont coup\u00e9es. Une deuxi\u00e8me mission est envoy\u00e9e \u00e0 leur recherche...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eco5chujn3Mt7HnuMTUIuobPMoX.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Sinise (Jim McConnell)", "Tim Robbins (Woodrow 'Woody' Blake)", "Don Cheadle (Luke Graham)", "Connie Nielsen (Terri Fisher)", "Jerry O'Connell (Phil Ohlmyer)", "Peter Outerbridge (Sergei Kirov)", "Kavan Smith (Nicholas Willis)", "Jill Teed (Reene Cote)", "Elise Neal (Debra Graham)", "Kim Delaney (Maggie McConnell)", "Armin Mueller-Stahl (Ramier Beck)", "Marilyn Norry (NASA Wife)", "Freda Perry (NASA Wife)", "Lynda Boyd (NASA Wife)", "Patricia Harras (NASA Wife)", "Robert Bailey Jr. (Bobby Graham)", "Britt McKillip (Child at Party)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Some couples dance, others go to Mars.\r\n\r\nIt was the year of two Mars based movies, with the other being Red Planet, of Pitch Black and the chaotic history that produced the Supernova. Plenty of sci-fi around but sadly few decent offerings.\r\n\r\nMission to Mars is a film you can see had good ideas on the page, some brainy and emotion based narrative threads. Effects work is OK for the era, while there's a very impressive cast put together to tell the story. Yet the script stinks to high heaven, the surprises are as absent as Martians are, while the steals from previous sci-fi movies grate on the nerves. The odd sequence has quality about it (dancing in space, woo-hoo, storm attack, yay), while the finale - all be it still a steal - is well constructed and further proof that someone somewhere had the kernel of a good story idea, but it's laborious trite and devoid of the basic film principals - to entertain and engage.\r\n\r\nSo many things wrong here, so much so the names of all involved have been spared. Join this Mission to Mars at your own peril. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [8870, 10153, 2157, 5551], "youtube_key": "xwcI3fkKeiw"}