{"tmdb_id": 20676, "title": "Derni\u00e8re limite", "original_title": "Deep Cover", "slug_title": "derniere-limite", "date": "1992-04-15", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Crime", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le policier noir Russell Stevens demande une escouade sp\u00e9ciale contre la drogue qui cible le plus haut patron de la livraison de coca\u00efne \u00e0 Los Angeles: le neveu du ministre des affaires \u00e9trang\u00e8res colombien. Russell se fraye un chemin depuis le bas jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'il atteigne le boss. La premi\u00e8re \u00e9tape consiste \u00e0 faire confiance \u00e0 l'avocat et au marchand de passe-temps David Jason.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vVLNUxxT2BHeBsNKET0tfnUUmwZ.jpg", "actors": ["Laurence Fishburne (Russell Stevens Jr. / John Hull)", "Jeff Goldblum (David Jason)", "Charles Martin Smith (Gerald Carver)", "Victoria Dillard (Betty McCutcheon)", "Gregory Sierra (Felix Barbosa)", "Glynn Turman (Russell Stevens Sr.)", "Clarence Williams III (Taft)", "Kamala Lopez (Belinda Chacon)", "Lira Angel (Bijoux)", "Rene Assa (Guzman)", "Bruce Paul Barbour (Policeman)", "Bilal Bashir (Rapper's Musician)", "Anna Berger (Congresswoman)", "Joseph Ferro (James)", "Sandra Gould (Mrs. G.)", "Roger Guenveur Smith (Eddie)", "James T. Morris (Ivy)", "Sydney Lassick (Gopher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Two Masks.\r\n\r\nDeep Cover is directed by Bill Duke and written by Michael Tolkin and Henry Bean. It stars Larry Fishburne, Jeff Goldblum, Charles Martin Smith, Victoria Dillard and Gregory Sierra. Music is by Michel Colombier and cinematography by Bojan Bazelli.\r\n\r\nTraumatised as a youngster by the death of his junkie father, Russell Stevens (Fishburne) becomes a police officer. Passing an interview with DEA Agent Gerald Carver (Smith), Stevens goes undercover to bust a major drug gang that has links to high places. But the closer he gets in with the targets, the deeper he gets involved - emotionally and psychologically.\r\n\r\nA splendid slice of gritty neo-noir, Deep Cover follows a classic film noir theme of a man descending into a world he really shouldn't be part of. This is a shifty and grungy Los Angeles, awash with blood money, single parents prepared to sell their kids, where kids in their early teens mule for the dealers and get killed in the process. A place of dimly lighted bars and pool halls, of dank streets and scrap yards, and of course of violence and misery.\r\n\r\nThe look and tone of the picture is as intense as the characterisations on show. Duke (A Rage in Harlem) knows some tricks to imbue psychological distortion, canted angles, step-print framing, slow angled lensing, jump cuts and sweaty close ups. Bazelli photographs with a deliberate urban feel, making red prominent and black a lurking menace. While the musical accompaniments flit in between hip-hop thunder and jazzy blues lightning.\r\n\r\nFishburne provides a narration that works exceptionally well, harking back to classic noirs of yesteryear. As this grim tale unfolds, his distressingly down-beat tone goes hand in hand with the narrative's sharp edges. The screenplay is always smart and cutting, mixing political hog-wash and social commentary with the harsh realities of lives dominated by drugs - the users - the sellers - the cartel, and the cop going deeper underground...\r\n\r\nGreat performances from the leading players seal the deal here (Goldblum is not miscast he's the perfect opposite foil for Fishburne's broody fire), and while some clich\u00e9s are within the play, the production as mounted, with the narrative devices of identification destruction (hello 2 masks) and that violence begets violence, marks this out as one the neo-noir crowd should note down as a must see. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9558, 39310, 31583, 49822]}