{"tmdb_id": 206929, "title": "Star Wreck 2\u03c0: Full Twist, now!", "original_title": "Star Wreck 2\u03c0: Full Twist, now!", "slug_title": "star-wreck-2p-full-twist-now", "date": "2012-06-19", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The world was been conquered by Emperor James B. Pirk with the help of the Russians. Now everybody must speak Finnish and a huge space fleet is built. Captain St\u00f6cklin joined the P-Fleet, after signing up while being very drunk. His first mission is to test a new FTL drive (the Hadron Twistdrive), since the original design did not work. In the beginning everything works fine, when they want to shut down the drive, the system doesn't react due to a software bug. The ships goes out of control and destroys a planet by accident.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fsXvpIntAXW8IlvV7j9PRYL1Hfk.jpg", "actors": ["Stig Bremseth (Cmd Arne Treholt)", "C\u00e9dric Gerold (Captain Urs Bruno St\u00f6cklin)", "Stig Magnus Gjerald (Captain Lars Monsen)", "Antti Hukkanen (Admiral Nyk\u00e4nen)", "Charlotte Isernhagen (Cmd. Kathrine W\u00fcthrich)", "Atte Joutsen (Captain Joni K. Sherrypie)", "V\u00e4in\u00f6 Kurki (Ensign Mikka R\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen)", "Petri Lehtinen (Lt. Rikkiki Kokolainen)", "Martin Lejeune (Crewman)", "Mikko Lintula (Lt. Kimi H\u00e4kkinen)", "Carl L. Mikes (Lt. Franz Joseph Huber)", "Mariann Mikes (Lt. Elisabeth Pichler)", "Andr\u00e9 Rickenbacher (Dramakulian General)", "Angela Ruggero (Cmd Pomodore Stracciatella)", "Silvan Surber (Lt. Werner Meier)", "Samuli Torssonen (Emperor James B. Pirk)", "Klemens Niklaus Trenkle (Crewman)", "Timo Vuorensola (Cmd Dwarf)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "G5YD_sYp2w4"}