{"tmdb_id": 206951, "title": "Little Tom Thumb", "original_title": "Spr\u012bd\u012btis", "slug_title": "little-tom-thumb", "date": "1985-07-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Little Tom Thumb is very difficult to live with the evil stepmother who exploits him making different goods to sell later. Shepherd boy decides that it can not continue this way any more. Despite the grandmother and sister Lienite attempts to dissuade him, but the decision of going to seek happiness in the world is made. On his way Tom Thumb meets mother Wind, Forest mother and little old man. Everyone of them give him a chore to do that earns him a gift. Every of these gifts has a magic power. The good wizards help him defeat Scrooges, Lop-Eared Man and the Devil himself. While traveling in the world and looking for happiness he misses his grandmother and little sister. At the end his only wish is to go to \"Happy world\" that turns out is home.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hkB7u5rqczCn3H49MfmeleP0Q8o.jpg", "actors": ["Ronalds Neilands (Little Tom Thumb)", "Dace Gasjuna (Lienite)", "Dzintra Kl\u0113tniece (stepmother)", "Elv\u012bra Baldi\u0146a (granny)", "Zdeneks R\u017eegor\u017es (king)", "Miroslava Sou\u010dkova (princess Goldy)", "Miroslavs Hora\u010deks (devil)", "Antra Liedskalni\u0146a (witch)", "Juris Strenga (stiffness)", "Anda Zaice (maid)", "Alfr\u0113ds Videnieks (oldest man)", "Astr\u012bda Kairi\u0161a (Wind mother)", "Mirdza Martinsone (Forest mother)", "Miroslavs Moravecs (Lutausis)", "Elza Radzi\u0146a (first cort lady)", "Egons Maisaks (third caller)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}