{"tmdb_id": 206920, "title": "Star Wreck V: Lost Contact", "original_title": "Star Wreck V: Lost Contact", "slug_title": "star-wreck-v-lost-contact", "date": "1997-01-01", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die / Action"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "See how Pirk got stranded in the past! Star Wreck V: Lost Contact was the first film to use live actors instead of cartoons. Real sets would have cost too much, so we decided to try bluescreen, just for fun. Our expectations weren't high, but it worked. So the movie was shot against a cheap blue bed-sheet and the blue background was replaced with spaceship bridges.  The story was a parody of Star Trek: First Contact. The Korg send a ship back in time to 20th century Earth. The Kickstart, being the only functioning P-fleet ship around, has to follow.  The Korg plan to assassinate rockstar Jeffrey Cochbrane (Played by Rudi Airisto and a pair of sunglasses) and his band Dethdestro before their concert attracts the attention of Vulgars. This would stop humanity's first contact aliens and change the future. If that wasn't bad enough, all Jeff wants to do is play loud and drink too much, but now Pirk and his crew must force him to save the world...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1tiJcrQGvGi6kp2htOoEnQFSa78.jpg", "actors": ["Samuli Torssonen (Captain Pirk)", "Antti Satama (Commander Info)", "Timo Vuorensola (Commander Dwarf)", "Rudi Airisto (Jeffrey Cochbrane)", "Nina Karppinen (The Korg Queen)", "Kim Karlsson (Korg)", "Niklas Karlsson (Korg / CrapTV Security Guard)", "Mikko Satama (Admiral Sauerkrautzer / Newsreader)", "Mikko Kauppinen (Captain Dicard / Commander Sissy)", "Anneli Torssonen (Kickstart Computer (voice))", "Petri Lehtinen (Chief Engineer Shitty / Dethdestro Drummer)", "Martin Airisto (Lieutenant Pulu)", "Mikko Viljanen (Captain Spook)", "Niklas Vainio (Lieutenant Talok)", "Lauri Lepokorpi (Dethdestro Bassist)", "Janne Torssonen (Lieutenant Suicide (uncredited))", "Markus Paukkonen (Korg (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}