{"tmdb_id": 207233, "title": "Torn", "original_title": "Torn", "slug_title": "torn", "date": "2012-04-09", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Drew finds himself at a crossroads in his life. Over time, his long-time marriage has lost its spark, intimacy and most importantly, the connection. Sex has been replaced by friendship. Spontaneity has been replaced by responsibility. Love has been taken over by life. Then one day Mimi, a passionate, young art student, enters his life. Their attraction to one another is immediate. Consumed with guilt at the mere thought of another woman, he recommits himself to his marriage and making it work. However, the connection proves too strong for them both and they slowly delve into an illicit affair. There often comes a time in a person\u2019s life when they must choose what is right or what is best. Drew finds himself in that exact circumstance with peoples\u2019 lives hanging in the balance. Between facing society\u2019s judgment and hurting someone whom he has spent so much of his life with (all for the hope of true happiness and a love he could never have imagined), he finds himself torn.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nOL9t76gizSk1Nd2lMUAOim5mZe.jpg", "actors": ["Remy LaCroix ()", "India Summer ()", "Raylene ()", "Samantha Ryan ()", "Jacky St. James ()", "Lexi Bloom ()", "Siri ()", "Chad Alva ()", "Steven St. Croix ()", "Tom Byron ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Yu3AMPe7S44"}