{"tmdb_id": 207642, "title": "Cosmo Jones, Crime Smasher", "original_title": "Cosmo Jones, Crime Smasher", "slug_title": "cosmo-jones-crime-smasher", "date": "1943-01-29", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Cosmo Jones, a correspondence-school detective from a small town, comes to the big city to offer his services to the police. He happens by where a gangster is killed by an opposing gang. Socialite Phyllis Blake is running around with gang member Tom and the opposing gang plan on kidnapping her. Cosmo is with Sergeant Flanagan when the attempt is made in front of a night club, where a bystander is seriously wounded in the gun-battle. Police Chief Murphy blames Flanagan for the shooting and demotes him. Cosmo, with the aid of a porter, Eustace and Flanagan's fianc\u00e9e, Susan, tries to find the killer. Phyllis is finally kidnapped and Cosmo decides the act was committed by one of the two gangs. He has her father place an ad in the newspaper that contact has been made with the kidnappers. Each gang thinks the other is pulling a double cross, and one gang wipes out the other.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/syNkPRmMFj7IMCmep6lRaJMYAps.jpg", "actors": ["Edgar Kennedy (Police Chief Murphy)", "Richard Cromwell (Sgt. Pat Flanagan)", "Gale Storm (Susan Fleming)", "Mantan Moreland (Eustace Smith)", "Frank Graham (Cosmo Jones)", "Herbert Rawlinson (Mr. James J. Blake)", "Tris Coffin (Jake Pelotti)", "Charles Jordan (Biff Garr)", "Vince Barnett (Henchman 'Gimp')", "Emmett Vogan (Police Commissioner Gould)", "Maxine Leslie (Mrs. Jake Pelotti)", "Mauritz Hugo (Tony Sandol - Gangster)", "Sam Bernard (Gangster)", "Gil Stanley (Tommy Hayes - Informant (uncredited))", "Gwen Kenyon (Phyllis Blake)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}