{"tmdb_id": 207703, "title": "Kingsman : Services secrets", "original_title": "Kingsman: The Secret Service", "slug_title": "kingsman-services-secrets", "date": "2015-01-24", "genre": ["Crime / Com\u00e9die / Action / Aventure"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Kingsman, l\u2019\u00e9lite du renseignement britannique en costumes trois pi\u00e8ces, est \u00e0 la recherche de sang neuf. Pour recruter leur nouvel agent secret, elle doit faire subir un entrainement de haut vol \u00e0 de jeunes privil\u00e9gi\u00e9s aspirant au job r\u00eav\u00e9. L\u2019un d\u2019eux semble \u00eatre le candidat \u00ab imparfaitement id\u00e9al \u00bb : un jeune homme impertinent de la banlieue londonienne nomm\u00e9 Eggsy. Ces super-espions parviendront-ils \u00e0 contrer la terrible menace que fait peser sur le monde l\u2019esprit tortur\u00e9 du criminel Richmond Valentine, g\u00e9nie de la technologie ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8x7ej0LnHdKUqilNNJXYOeyB6L9.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Firth (Harry Hart / Galahad)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Richmond Valentine)", "Mark Strong (Hamish Mycroft / Merlin)", "Taron Egerton (Gary 'Eggsy' Unwin)", "Michael Caine (Chester King / Arthur)", "Sophie Cookson (Roxanne 'Roxy' Morton / Lancelot)", "Sofia Boutella (Gazelle)", "Samantha Womack (Michelle Unwin)", "Geoff Bell (Dean Baker)", "Edward Holcroft (Charles 'Charlie' Hesketh)", "Mark Hamill (Professor James Arnold)", "Jack Davenport (James Spencer / Lancelot)", "Jack Cutmore-Scott (Rufus)", "Lily Travers (Lady Sophie)", "Hanna Alstr\u00f6m (Princess Tilde)", "Bj\u00f8rn Floberg (Prime Minister Morten Lindstr\u00f6m)", "Jonno Davies (Lee Unwin)", "Nicholas Banks (Digby Barker)", "Nicholas Agnew (Nathaniel)", "Rowan Polonski (Piers)", "Tom Prior (Hugo Higins)", "Fiona Hampton (Amelia)", "Richard Brake (The Interrogator)", "Ralph Ineson (Policeman)", "Corey Johnson (Church Leader)", "Velibor Topic (Big Goon)", "Adrian Quinton (Terrorist (as Adrian Quentin))", "Alex Nikolov (Little Eggsy)", "Jordan Long (Poodle)", "Theo Barklem-Biggs (Ryan)", "Tobi Bakare (Jamal)", "Morgan Watkins (Rottweiler)", "Paul Kennington (Barman)", "Johanna Taylor (Valentine's Assistant 1)", "Andrew Bridgmont (Kingsman Tailor)", "Anne Wittman (Church Blonde Woman)", "Andrei Lenart (Arctic Guard)", "Simon Green (Valentine's Butler)", "Lazara Storm (Valentine's Assistant 2 (as Lazara))", "Sarah Hewson (Sky News Reader)", "Jayne Secker (Sky News Reader)", "Lukwesa Burak (Sky News Reader)", "James Clayton (Kingsman Knight)", "Nick English (Kingsman Knight)", "Charles Filmer (Kingsman Knight)", "Bimbo Hart (Kingsman Knight)", "Chester King (Kingsman Knight)", "Alastair MacIntosh (Kingsman Knight)", "Carlos Peres (Kingsman Knight)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Fireman)", "Jamie B. Chambers (Arctic Guard (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Hugh", "content": "One of the most interesting movies to watch. Humor, action and adventure well plotted into this great movie. The action is just great."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A nice surprise.\r\n\r\nI was not expecting anything from this movie but it turned to be a really funny one, borrowing from all the other spy's movies around.\r\n\r\nCollin Firth is a great choose and you can say the same for most of the cast, remarking also Samuel L. Jackson.\r\n\r\nAn easy movie for a brainless evening."}, {"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The kinetic super-spy caper \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019 will serve as a boisterous blueprint for those teen fanboys out there that will fancy an elaborate overload of James Bond-esque high-powered hedonism. It certainly does not hurt that the high-wire hysteria as showcased in the twitchy \u2018Kingman\u2019 is based upon the acclaimed comicbook series by Mark Millar and Dave Gibbons. Also, add into the mix the movie-making overdrive pedigree of director Matthew Vaughn (\u2018Kick-Ass\u2019, \u2018X-Men: First Class\u2019) and slick, cheeky spy-spry send-ups that recall the over-the-top espionage genre and its exaggerated suspense-driven foundation. Well, \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019 is a cockeyed, pulsating parody that works its ultra-violent magic for the Austin Powers crowd that wants to walk on the high-octane wild side of Bond\u2019s universe.\r\n\r\nSure, \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019 has its iffy moments where the blatant sexist overtones, magnified violent sequences and a generous bloody bounce of excess will have some stomping their feet in sheer indignation. The apparent knock on \u2018Kingsman\u2019 will be its robust ridiculousness and familiarity in Vaughn\u2019s \u2018Kick-Ass\u2019 cartoonish vibe. However, the same elements that may cause some reservations with the film\u2019s low-brow lunacy is also the same ingredients that trigger \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019s carousing charm in majestic mayhem.\r\n\r\nThe grand gimmick behind behind kick-starting \u2018Kingsman\u2019s go-for-broke rollicking is casting the sophisticated presence of the Oscar-winning Colin Firth (\u2018The King\u2019s Speech\u2019) as dapper Harry Hart (aka \u2018Galahad\u2019), a polished and prominent superspy for a British secret intelligence society.  Hart\u2019s top-secret spy network is headed up by Arthur (Oscar-winner Michael Caine). The secretive operation is based out of a notable tailor\u2019s shop known as Kingsman. Also worth noting is that all the secret service agents are named after the famed knights of King Arthur\u2019s Round Table. Go figure. In any event, the suave Harry Hart is the debonair face of the spy organisation and will play a critical part in both recruiting a young up-and-coming agent with decent physical skills and tracking down a worldwide menace bent of destroying the planet. It is all in a day\u2019s work for the skilled, well-dressed licensed-to-kill operative.\r\n\r\nHart, who had been loyally connected to a fallen colleague from a past mission gone disastrous years before, decides to become a mentor for his late co-worker\u2019s troubled son Gary \u2018Eggsy\u2019 Unwin (played by newcomer Taron Egerton) whose law-breaking conduct catches the attention of the police. Feeling a sense of responsibility for his deceased spy buddy\u2019s wayward kid, Hart takes Eggsy under his wings and determines to shape the misguided youngster into resilient Kingman stock. After all, Eggsy has the needed physicality (we are told he is an exceptional gymnast) and roguish spunk to join the ranks of the seemingly understaffed spy outfit. Soon, Eggy and other recruits will be grilled through rigorous training from Kingman member Merlin (Mark Strong) as they look to fill the spot vacated recently from the dead Lancelot.\r\n\r\nThe dearly departed Lancelot, it turns out, was the latest victim of ruthless criminal mastermind Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson). The flashy Valentine, a billionaire gone bonkers, hopes to control the world\u2019s climate change. He is known as a mega-wealthy entrepreneur and philanthropist but his sinister heart yearns for some heavy-handed dastardly deeds that puts him on the immediate radar for Hart and his crafty Kingsmen to spring into action. At the demented Valentine\u2019s side is the deliciously disabled exotic henchwoman Gazelle (Sophia Boutella) with the treacherous knack for disarming her adversaries with blazing blades.\r\n\r\nThe bombastic and eye-pleasing \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019 sets out to have one goal in mind: to highlight its thunderous homage to spygate spectacles that salute everything from the Agent 007 flicks and related free-wheeling 60\u2019s fare such as the \u2018Matt Helm\u2019 and \u2018Derek Flint\u2019 spy franchises to the recent espionage vehicles that invite the millennium-based harried heroes such as the Jason Bournes and Jack Ryans of the world into the frenetic fold.  It is fast, furious and unapologetic in its rambunctious spirit as a ricocheting romp.\r\n\r\nVaughn, in all his rousing Tarantino-esque tactics, unleashes a visceral assault that is visually wrapped in his escapist package of an adrenaline rush. Wisely, Vaughn incorporates some of his \u2018Kick-Ass\u2019 colourful calisthenics to arm his playful spy yarn. As the veteran spygame squires, both Firth and Caine are game for the frolic they signed up to participate in with puckish aplomb. Jackson brings his usual explosive badass persona to the table as the villainous fashion plate Valentine. The 14 year-old males will draw their adventurous inspiration from Egerton\u2019s junior spy Eggsy Unwin. Some may become nostalgic when uncovering the likes of spotting \u2018Star Wars\u2019 icon Mark Hamill as an imperiled climate changer scientist caught in the crazy clutches of Jackson\u2019s diabolical antagonist. \r\n\r\nAlthough not the most inventive take on ridiculing the spy genre with over-extended finesse and sensationalism, \u2018Kingsman: The Secret Service\u2019 is still a preferred jolting distraction at the beginning of an early stillborn movie season.\r\n\r\nKingman: The Secret Service (2015)\r\n\r\n20th Century Fox\r\n\r\n1 hr. 40 min.\r\n\r\nStarring: Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Michael Caine, Samuel L. Jackson, Mark Strong and Sophia Boutella\r\n\r\nDirected by: Matthew Vaughn\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Spy Thriller/Action & Adventure/Fantasy & Action"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'Kingsman: The Secret Service' is a comedy film that satirises spy movies such as the James Bond franchise. Gary 'Eggsy' Unwin (played by Taron Egerton) is a normal working class 18 year old from London who gets recruited into a super secret spy organisation. Humour comes as he tries to mix with these posh and suave upper-class stereotypes.\r\n\r\nMatthew Vaughn has included his typical ultra stylised violence ('Kick Ass') and it does boast a good sound track. There are a lot of nods to films such as Quentin Tarantino's 'Pulp Fiction' but it just reminds me of examples when things have been done much better. The highlight of the film for me was a scene in which Colin Firth violently massacres a crazy church to the music of Lynyrd Skynyrd ('Free Bird') whilst almost seeming like a continuous long shot.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay is very unoriginal and the dialogue with the young actors in particular is cringe-worthy. Tarantino type set-pieces just come across as annoying as the film fails to have any cleverness or creativity.\r\n\r\nApart from Colin Firth every actor is either average or just really bad. Samuel L. Jackson, in particular, is worse than usual as he tries to add some freshness to his regular spiel by trying to affect an annoying and distracting speech impediment.\r\n\r\n'Kingsman' is going to appeal to the intended target age group as it does contain scenes of fantasy violence depicted as \"cool\" whilst characters swear. It would also help your enjoyment of the film if you have not seen the many, many examples where each scene had been conducted much better.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "If you like old-fashioned James Bond style movies you probably like this one. It is a bit more outrageous and has a few more overly silly moments than the old Bond movies but on the whole this is a very fun and enjoyable secret agent movie.\r\n\r\nGary is, via a few twists and turns at the beginning of the movie, recruited by a secret agent employed by a super secret private organisation with remarkable resources. Their agents looks and behaves like London upper class gentlemen but have remarkable fighting skills. The initial scenes when Gary is recruited are just great.\r\n\r\nGary is then submitted to a rather gruesome training schedule and at the same time the main plot plays out in parallell. Of course the two threads merge towards the classical showdown with the megalomaniacal evil mastermind in the end where, naturally, Gary gets to save the world.\r\n\r\nThe movie has all the \u201cgoodies\u201d of a secret agent movie. British gentlemen agents, action, secret agent \u201cstuff\u201d like shops that are not what they look like, hidden entrances into secret bases, rooms that are actually elevators and of course gadgets, lots of gadget to help our heroes thwart the evil mastermind\u2019s nefarious plans. Of course said mastermind have a personal henchman a la Oddjob to do the more grisly parts of his evil biddings. I quite liked this rather unique henchman, or rather henchwoman, and her odd weapons. More so than the main villain which I found a bit bland at times.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I enjoyed this movie a lot. However, there are some silly parts which drags it down a bit. I especially disliked the colorful exploding heads towards the end of the movie. That just felt like the producer/director was smoking some funny stuff when making those scenes. There were a few other scenes which I felt was going too much towards silly comedies as well. Without those I would probably have added a star.\r\n\r\nAll things said this was well spent 130 minutes as far as I am concerned."}], "recommandations_id": [137113, 343668, 127585, 177677], "youtube_key": "kl8F-8tR8to"}