{"tmdb_id": 207932, "title": "Inferno", "original_title": "Inferno", "slug_title": "inferno", "date": "2016-10-13", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Drame", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans \"Inferno\", le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre expert en symbologie suit la piste d\u2019indices li\u00e9s au grand Dante lui-m\u00eame. Robert Langdon se r\u00e9veille dans un h\u00f4pital italien, frapp\u00e9 d\u2019amn\u00e9sie, et va devoir collaborer avec le docteur Sienna Brooks pour retrouver la m\u00e9moire. Tous deux vont sillonner l\u2019Europe dans une course contre la montre pour d\u00e9jouer un complot \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9chelle mondiale et emp\u00eacher le d\u00e9cha\u00eenement de l\u2019Enfer\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bCqD2c1nJJY6q65VGBfMItgVvGx.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hanks (Robert Langdon)", "Felicity Jones (Dr. Sienna Brooks)", "Omar Sy (Christoph Bouchard)", "Irrfan Khan (Harry Sims / The Provost)", "Sidse Babett Knudsen (Dr. Elizabeth Sinskey)", "Ben Foster (Bertrand Zobrist)", "Ana Ularu (Vayentha)", "Ida Darvish (Marta Alvarez)", "Paolo Antonio Simioni (Dr. Marconi)", "Alessandro Grimaldi (Florence Hospital Taxi Driver)", "Fausto Maria Sciarappa (Parker)", "Robin Mugnaini (Apartment Carabinieri Captain)", "Paul Ritter (CRC Tech Arbogast)", "Vincenzo Tanassi (Boboli Gardens Policeman)", "Alessandro Fabrizi (Gallery Guard)", "G\u00e1bor Urmai (Ignazio Busoni)", "Francesca Inaudi (Guida turistica di Venezia)", "Jon Donahue (Richard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Racing to stop men with bad intention!**\r\n\r\nCompared to the first two films, it took a long time for the third film. But I expected 'The Lost Symbol' before this one. I don't know why they skipped that book from adapting which was done in the last minutes by the production house. My guess is it might be a controversial as the first one, or simply not good enough for the cinematic version. Anyway, this film was not as good as previous two. Once again, it was directed by Ron Howard and Tom Hanks returned as professor Robert Langdon. Two hours long, but very fast storytelling, non-stop adventures.\r\n\r\nThis is another tale in the series about fighting against the men who believes in the ancient text that's written about to curb the issue the human would face in the future, which is now. After waking up without any memory, professor Langdon with the help of a young woman escape from an assassin. In result, they look for the reason why and whoever behind it wants them dead. So it's not a good story, but entertaining film. Especially if you like action-adventure- suspense.\r\n\r\nNice cast, including Hanks and Jones. The other supporting cast was not bad either. Like always, it's a European adventure, particularly in Venice and neighbouring countries. Some cool secret places, might be the settings, but awesome. Since this part was not received well, I wonder the next one, 'Origin' would be made or not. Even before that, this time I expect 'The Lost Symbol' first to hit if they want to continue with the film series. This is not a film to recommend, but not bad for watching it once.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [13448, 591, 343611, 267860]}