{"tmdb_id": 208566, "title": "New Moon", "original_title": "Bagong Buwan", "slug_title": "new-moon", "date": "2001-07-20", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Ahmad belongs to the Bangsamoro people. While many of his kind are bent on fighting, thinking that Mindanao is only for the Muslims, Ahmad prefers to live a simple and peaceful life. He works as a doctor in Manila while his wife, Fatima, and his only son, Ibrahim, stay in Mindanao with his mother, Farida. Ahmad is shocked and devastated when Fatima breaks the confounding news. Ibrahim was killed by a stray bullet when vigilantes indiscriminately fire at their village. Ahmad goes back to where he came from Mindanao. Ibrahim\u2019s death did not cause Ahmad to stop striving to live a peaceful life, much to the consternation of his brother, Musa. His brother takes an exactly opposite stand. Musa believes in waging a war against all the Kaafir (unbelievers) who may impede the Moro\u2019s goal of independence. He even trains his young son, Rashid to a Muslim warrior\u2019s life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zaSDfwby4UnAjLHqpl3jAEpSTWr.jpg", "actors": ["Cesar Montano (Ahmad)", "Amy Austria (Fatima)", "Caridad Sanchez (Bae Farida)", "Jericho Rosales (Lieutenant Ricarte)", "Ronnie Lazaro (Datu Ali)", "Jhong Hilario (Jason)", "Carlo Aquino (Rashid)", "Jiro Manio (Francis)", "Nonie Buencamino (Musa)", "Jodi Sta. Maria (Dolor)", "Cris Daluz (Imam)", "Bryan Homecillo (Ibrahim)", "Angela Montano (Servant Girl)", "Olga Natividad (Rashid's Mother)", "Dante Balois (First Datu)", "Soliman Cruz  (Second Datu)", "Val Romano (Third Datu)", "Karla Pambid (Francis' Mother)", "Jimmy Galang (Francis' Father)", "Cezar Xerez-Burgos (Priest)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "UC5e3xgbWZk"}