{"tmdb_id": 20876, "title": "Business oblige", "original_title": "A Shock to the System", "slug_title": "business-oblige", "date": "1990-03-23", "genre": ["Crime / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Graham travaille dans une importante agence de publicit\u00e9 o\u00f9 il occupe un poste de cadre qui ne lui convient plus. Sa vie bascule le jour o\u00f9 une promotion attendue depuis longtemps lui passe sous le nez. Sa femme, apprenant qu'il a rat\u00e9 le coche, devient insupportable \u00e0 la maison. De m\u00e9chante humeur, il bouscule un clochard sur les rails du m\u00e9tro. L'homme meurt, \u00e9cras\u00e9 par une rame. Graham d\u00e9couvre ainsi qu'on peut tuer sans \u00eatre inqui\u00e9t\u00e9. Il envisage alors de faire du meurtre un moyen de promotion sociale et d\u00e9cide de tuer tous les rivaux qui se dressent sur son chemin...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/waWvE9BkIpCp074A3R3NAC0Rcaq.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Caine (Graham Marshall)", "Elizabeth McGovern (Stella Anderson)", "Peter Riegert (Robert Benham)", "Swoosie Kurtz (Leslie Marshall)", "Will Patton (Lt. Laker)", "Jenny Wright (Melanie O'Conner)", "John McMartin (George Brewster)", "Barbara Baxley (Lillian)", "Haviland Morris (Tara Liston)", "Philip Moon (Henry Park)", "Kent Broadhurst (Executive #1)", "Zach Grenier (Executive #2)", "David Schramm (Executive #3)", "Sam Schacht (David Jones)", "Christopher Durang (Convention Speaker)", "Mia Dillon (Graham's Secretary)", "Alice Haining (Benham's Secretary)", "Patience Moore (Wanda Maas)", "Darrell Wilks (Joe)", "Scotty Bloch (Secretary #1)", "Kim Staunton (Secretary #2)", "Alicia Hoge (Secretary #3)", "Mike Cicchetti (Beggar #1)", "Rick Petrucelli (Beggar #2)", "Victor Truro (Bum)", "Rik Colitti (Bum #2)", "Mike Starr (Bum #3)", "Miguel P\u00e9rez (Transit Cop)", "John Finn (Motorman)", "Tyrone Jackson (Messenger)", "Marie Sylvia (Waitress)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Ulysses)", "Jonathan Freeman (Decorator in Bob's Office)", "Elizabeth Moran (Partygoer)", "Joe Zaloom (Hot Dog Vendor)", "Socorro Santiago (Rental Car Attendant / Additional Dialogue)", "Welker White (Kennel Driver)", "Frank Ferrara (Off Duty Cab Driver)", "Sheila Stainback (News Anchor Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Graham has had enough of getting the shaft\u2026\r\n\r\nA Shock to the System is directed by Jan Egleson and adapted to screenplay by Andrew Klavan from the novel written by Simon Brett. It stars Michael Caine, Elizabeth McGovern, Peter Riegert, Will Patton and Swoosie Kurtz. Music is by Gary Chang and cinematography by Paul Goldsmith.\r\n\r\nGraham Marshall (Caine) is once again overlooked for promotion and once again his harpy wife (Kurtz) belittles him.Then a heated exchange at the train station results in the accidental death of a beggar, and he gets away with it, something which gives Graham some devilish thoughts, one of Satan's light bulbs ignited above his head.\r\n\r\nBy his own admission Michael Caine has readily done films just to pay the bills or build a new house. His success ratio as per great films and performances to bad films and tired performances probably stacks up as 1 in 10, consider this, in this same year he made Bullseye! What we do know though, is that when he gets it right he knocks it out the park and thus makes all his bad films easy to forgive.\r\n\r\nA Shock to the System is an under valued film on his CV, a brilliantly constructed black comedy that finds Caine effortlessly shifting through the emotional gears. From beat down Milquetoast to ruthless killer with a glint in his eye, Caine plays it to perfection. There's stabs of humour along the way, Caine a natural at this of course, and he even gets a young love interest in the form of the unbelievably cute Lizzie McGovern. Interesting to note that Graham's sex life improves greatly once the killing begins!\r\n\r\nDriven by an antagonist who toys with the audiences sympathies and moral repulsions, this is a film that's deserving of greater exposure and is ripe for re-evaluation. Great film, great Caine. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24731, 70259, 85327, 46923], "youtube_key": "p65Tvvc7yl4"}