{"tmdb_id": 208763, "title": "La l\u00e9gende de Viy", "original_title": "\u0412\u0438\u0439", "slug_title": "la-legende-de-viy", "date": "2014-01-30", "genre": ["Thriller / Aventure / Myst\u00e8re / Fantastique / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Londres, 1713. Le cartographe anglais Jonathan Green part en rep\u00e9rage des endroits inexplor\u00e9s de la Transylvanie. Au-del\u00e0 des montagnes des Carpates, il d\u00e9couvre un village isol\u00e9 du reste du monde, dont les habitants terroris\u00e9s se cachent des d\u00e9mons et autres cr\u00e9atures qui en ont pris possession. Seul le t\u00e9m\u00e9raire cartographe semble alors pouvoir percer les myst\u00e8res qui entourent ces cr\u00e9atures impitoyables qu\u2019il lui revient d\u2019exterminer\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mT01izjrzPU96FWQWddysfDFFf5.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Flemyng (Jonathan Green)", "Aleksey Chadov (Petrus)", "Agniya Ditkovskite (Nastusya)", "Yuriy Tsurilo (Sotnik)", "Olga Zaytseva (Pannochka)", "Aleksandr Yakovlev (Overko)", "Igor Jijikine (Dorosh)", "Valeriy Zolotukhin (Yavtukh)", "Nina Ruslanova (Zhena Yavtukha)", "Viktor Bychkov (Kuznets)", "Ivan Mokhovikov (Bursak Khalyava)", "Anatoliy Gushchin (Bursak Gorobets)", "Aleksei Petrukhin (Khoma)", "Aleksandr Karpov (Panas)", "Aleksey Ogurtsov (Spirid)", "Emma \u010cern\u00e1 (Babka Ganna)", "Ruslan Ustinov (Ostap)", "Natalya Ustinova (Zhena Ostapa)", "Oleg Taktarov (Gritsko)", "Andrey Smolyakov (Otets Paisiy)", "Charles Dance (Lord Dudley)", "Anna Churina (Miss Dudley)", "Arthur Mirzoyan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is probably quite unknown by most people. I certainly had never heard of it when I stumbled on it. It is a quite entertaining little fantasy / supernatural / crime movie though. I am actually not sure what to classify at as. It starts of as a fantasy movie but is it really?\r\n\r\nThe cinematics of this movie is very good. For me it was the main part contributing to the enjoyment. The small world of these villagers is cinematically beautiful, dirty and gritty at the same time. The characters themselves with their enormous moustaches and weirdly cut hair are great. The special effects will perhaps not win any awards but they were good nonetheless. I especially liked the transformation scene during the meal somewhere in the middle of the movie.\r\n\r\nThe story is a bit of a roller coaster ride and sometimes it felt a bit disjointed. It was not really obvious why one scene or event was followed by another at all times. But then, taking into account the later events in the movie it was perhaps ment to be a bit disjointed and \u201cdreamy\u201d and I have to confess that I was extremely tired when watching this movie.\r\n\r\nThe ending was a bit of a surprise. This is where the movie kind of went from a fantasy movie to more of a crime story. I have to say that I did not really see that coming until it was about to fall in my lap.\r\n\r\nThere are definitely worse ways of spending two hours in the evening, especially if you like movies that are not the typical mainstream Hollywood fare."}], "recommandations_id": [20886, 25936, 43430, 42916], "youtube_key": "Wsp0CPYXvo4"}