{"tmdb_id": 209112, "title": "Batman v Superman : L\u2019Aube de la justice", "original_title": "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", "slug_title": "batman-v-superman-laube-de-la-justice", "date": "2016-03-23", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Craignant que Superman n'abuse de sa toute-puissance, le Chevalier noir d\u00e9cide de l'affronter : le monde a-t-il davantage besoin d'un super-h\u00e9ros aux pouvoirs sans limite ou d'un justicier \u00e0 la force redoutable mais d'origine humaine ? Pendant ce temps-l\u00e0, une terrible menace se profile \u00e0 l'horizon\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cGOPbv9wA5gEejkUN892JrveARt.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Bruce Wayne / Batman)", "Henry Cavill (Clark Kent / Superman)", "Gal Gadot (Diana Prince / Wonder Woman)", "Amy Adams (Lois Lane)", "Jesse Eisenberg (Lex Luthor)", "Diane Lane (Martha Kent)", "Jeremy Irons (Alfred Pennyworth)", "Laurence Fishburne (Perry White)", "Holly Hunter (Senator Finch)", "Scoot McNairy (Wallace Keefe)", "Callan Mulvey (Anatoli Knyazev)", "Tao Okamoto (Mercy Graves)", "Jena Malone (Jenet Klyburn)", "Brandon Spink (Young Bruce Wayne)", "Lauren Cohan (Martha Wayne)", "Hugh Maguire (Jack O'Dwyer)", "Michael Cassidy (Jimmy Olsen)", "Alan D. Purwin (Wayne Industries Pilot)", "Dan Amboyer (Drone Pilot)", "Rebecca Buller (Jenny Jurwich)", "Harry Lennix (General Swanwick)", "Christina Wren (Major Carrie Farris)", "Jade Chynoweth (Carmen)", "Chad Krowchuk (Glen Woodburn)", "Kevin Costner (Jonathan Kent)", "Ezra Miller (Barry Allen / The Flash)", "Patrick Wilson (POTUS (voice))", "Charlie Rose (Charlie Rose)", "Vikram Gandhi (Vikram Gandhi)", "Andrew Sullivan (Andrew Sullivan)", "Neil deGrasse Tyson (Neil deGrasse Tyson)", "Jon Stewart (Jon Stewart)", "Soledad O'Brien (Soledad O'Brien)", "Erika R. Erickson (Erika Erickson)", "Dana Bash (Dana Bash)", "Nancy Grace (Nancy Grace)", "Anderson Cooper (Anderson Cooper)", "Brooke Baldwin (Brooke Baldwin)", "Carla Gugino (A.I. Kelor (voice))", "Jason Momoa (Arthur Curry / Aquaman)", "Joe Morton (Silas Stone)", "Ray Fisher (Victor Stone / Cyborg)", "Joseph Cranford (Pete Ross)", "Emily Peterson (Lana Lang)", "Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Thomas Wayne (uncredited))", "Sammi Rotibi (General Amajagh)", "Hanna Dworkin (Metropolis Citizen)", "Tiffany L. Addison (Metropolis Citizen)", "Owais Ahmed (Metropolis Citizen)", "Anish Jethmalani (Metropolis Citizen)", "Tiffany Bedwell (Metropolis Citizen)", "Natalee Arteaga (Metropolis Citizen)", "Keith D. Gallagher (Metropolis Citizen)", "Jeff Dumas (Metropolis Citizen)", "Miriam Lee (Metropolis Citizen)", "Alicia Regan (Metropolis Citizen)", "Stephanie Koenig (Teacher)", "Ripley Sobo (Sage)", "Richard Burden (Island Scientist)", "Julius Tennon (General Security Chief)", "Wunmi Mosaku (Kahina Ziri)", "Dennis North (Senator Barrows)", "Kiff VandenHeuvel (Officer Mazzuccheli)", "Mason Heidger (Officer Rucka)", "Ahney Her (Hostage Girl)", "Kristine Cabanban (Hostage Girl)", "Sebastian Sozzi (Cesar Santos)", "Kent Shocknek (Kent Shocknek)", "Ralph Lister (Emmet Vale)", "Sammy A. Publes (Metropolis Cop)", "Jay R. Adams (Metropolis Cop)", "David Midura (Heroes Park Tourist)", "Jay Towers (Reporter at Monument)", "Michael Ellison (Air Force MP)", "Kirill Ostapenko (Underground Fight Patron)", "Rashontae Wawrzyniak (Beautiful Woman)", "Tom Luginbill (Sports Announcer)", "Dave Pasch (Sports Announcer)", "Danny Mooney  (Party Photographer)", "Henry Frost III (Party Doorman)", "Nicole Forester (LeBlanc)", "Debbie Stabenow (Metropolis Governor)", "Milica Govich (Colorado Woman)", "John Lepard (Jail Guard)", "Sandra Love Aldridge (Finch's Receptionist)", "Graham W.J. Beal (James Harmon - Museum Director)", "Henri Franklin (Bunker Soldier)", "Jonathan West (Bunker Soldier)", "T.J. Martinelli (US Park Officer)", "Chris Newman (Wayne Accountant)", "Lulu Dahl (Diner Waitress)", "Sam Logan Khaleghi (DC Protestor)", "Anne Marie Damman (DC Protestor)", "Connie Craig (DC Protestor)", "Henrietta Hermelin (DC Protestor)", "Patrick Leahy (Senator Purrington)", "Albert Valladares (Convenience Store Robber)", "David Paris (Helicopter Pilot)", "Abigail Kuklis (Flight Attendant)", "Greg Violand (Chairman of Joint Chiefs)", "Tiren Jhames (Vice Chairman of Joint Chiefs)", "Steve Jasgur (Signals Officer - Air Force)", "Jonathan Stanley (Silo Officer)", "Jesse Nagy (Silo Officer)", "Duvale Murchison (Supermax Guard)", "Thomas J. Fentress (Prison Barber)", "Coburn Goss (Father Leone)", "Jeff Hanlin (Wagon Driver)", "Gary A. Hecker (Creature Vocals (voice))", "Robin Atkin Downes (Kreatur (voice))", "Issac Ryan Brown (Squatter Boy)", "Barton Bund (CIA Supervisor)", "Bailey Chase (Python Team Leader)", "Patrick O'Connor Cronin (Gotham Desk Cop)", "Sonja Crosby (Gotham Desk Cop)", "C.T. Fletcher (Inmate Thug)", "Ahman Green (Inmate Thug)", "Diana Gaitirira (Nairomian Crying Woman)", "Jalene Mack (Nairomian Crying Woman)", "Esodie Geiger (Nairomian Crying Woman)", "Nene Nwoko (Nairomian Crying Woman)", "Scott Edward Logan (Nairomian Driver)", "Marcus Goddard (Gala Waiter)", "Cruz Gonzalez-Cadel (Adriana Santos)", "Alma Martinez (Older Goat Herder)", "Sal Lopez (Older Goat Herder)", "Marcel Shihadeh (Young Goat Herder)", "Theo Bongani Ndyalvane (Rebel Translator)", "Satori Shakoor (Squatter Mother)", "Ele Bardha (Truck (uncredited))", "Inder Kumar (Wayne Financial Employee (uncredited))", "Brandon Bautista (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Laura Atwood (Daily Planet Reporter (uncredited))", "Debbie Scaletta (Wayne Enterprise Executive (uncredited))", "David Leach (Football Player (uncredited))", "Gordon Michaels (Gotham Seaport Cop (uncredited))", "Brian Boland (Wayne Security (uncredited))", "Taras Los (Russian Foreign Minister (uncredited))", "Jason Hughley (DC Paramedic (uncredited))", "Sidi Henderson (Building Supervisor (uncredited))", "Meighan Gerachis (Chilean President (uncredited))", "Nicole Santini (First Class Lady (uncredited))", "Axel Harney (Basketball Player (uncredited))", "Wayne E. Brown (Funeral Attender (uncredited))", "Dante Briggins (Police Officer (uncredited))", "Shannon Garnett (GCU Football Player (uncredited))", "Lynch R. Travis (Protester (uncredited))", "Carmen Gangale (EMT (uncredited))", "Joe Cipriano (Metropolis Survivor (uncredited))", "Will Blagrove (Rusty - Metropolis Cop (uncredited))", "Marcelo Bem (Protester (uncredited))", "Joe Fishel (US Senator (uncredited))", "Mark Edward Taylor (Wayne Industries Pilot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rahul Gupta", "content": "Awesome moview. Best Action sequence.\r\n\r\n**Slow in the first half**"}, {"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "One would think that the ultimate showdown between two of the most iconic super-heroes would make for some downright compelling action-oriented exploits against a landscape of angst and destruction. Plus, it certainly did not hurt that exhilarating filmmaker Zack Snyder (\u2018300\u2019) was at the helm in bringing together the colorfully and concocted confrontation between The Caped Crusader and The Man of Steel. Also, it should have been an effortless task to bring together **Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice** leading men Ben Affleck and Henry Cahill since they had prior experiences donning heroic attire as mighty super-heroes on call to save the day. So why then does Snyder\u2019s big-budgeted connect-the-dots comic book caper feel so incoherently stiff and aimless?\r\n\r\nThe dour randomness of **Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice** is quite disappointing because this moping actioner wants to grab more than it can chew in its crowded mouth. Snyder and screenwriters David S. Goyer and Chris Terrio aspire to plug in such contemplative issues pertaining to moral ambivalence, political platitudes and religious themes but none of these factors energize or sustain this action-packed narrative that seems to slouch all at the expense of a sluggish approach to the mechanical hedonism that labors.\r\n\r\nThere is no doubt that **Dawn of Justice** has its share of visual opulence as this is obviously expected in an expansive superhero saga where the proven selling point are two mythical comic book titans spearheading the pumped-up proceedings. Again an overreaching script that plods along, a couple of super-powered sourpusses going the moody motions and the lack of carefree robust action undermine the potential explosiveness that **Dawn of Justice** could have capitalized on with dynamic aplomb.\r\n\r\nSure, there is a noted curiosity and interesting element about the topic of \u201cheroism fatigue\u201d and hidden demons that could have certainly contributed to the psychological strain for our Caped Courageous Ones. Still, **Dawn of Justice** never quite turns this premise into a sparkling case of burn-out conviction, Instead, knuckle-dragging duo of Bruce Wayne/Batman (Affleck) and Clark Kent/Superman (Cavell) make the common sleeping pill look like an excitable bag of M&M candy treats. Thankfully, another fan favorite superhero in the form of Wonder Woman (Gal Godot) is thrown into the mix to break up the monotony of the boorish Boys Club. Unfortunately, the appearance of the wily Wonder Woman during the tail end of the second half is too little and too late for her welcomed presence to rescue the film\u2019s clunky pacing.\r\n\r\nGotham\u2019s Bruce Wayne and Metropolis\u2019s Clark Kent are experiencing setbacks that could be perceived as reaching the depressive crossroads. For starters, a maturing Wayne\u2019s/Batman\u2019s crime-fighting prospects have been tailing off drastically. As for Kent/Superman his existence at the Daily Planet newspaper seems mundane especially when his boss in editor Perry White (Laurence Fishburne) declares that the public has moved away from print given the major impact of social media and other online resources. So yes\u2026Wayne and Kent are in a critical funk in their professional lives both in and out of their familiar costumes. However, can the slumping cities afford two down-and-out superheroes when one can probably carry the load in rough, unsure times?\r\n\r\nWhen the film establishes the dilemma that there can be only one muscle-bound ego to handle the affairs of the region\u2019s unprotected this is where the **Batman v Superman** portion of **Dawn of Justice** looks as if the frenetic fantasy will percolate. Inexplicably, the hype involving the sparring twosome is put on hold as the exposition takes its tedious time building up the conflict to satisfy the clashing insecurities of the capable caped crime-stoppers. For those that witnessed Cavell\u2019s mediocre **Man of Steel** a few years ago will probably understand the current bad blood that exists between the two super studs. Whatever the case both Batman and Superman have pegged each other as brawny bad news ambassadors\u2026something that does not sit well with either struggling superhero as their revered reputations are on the line.\r\n\r\nNaturally, there are other outside forces to consider as the acrimonious overtones continue to flow between the brooding mega-powers. The famed instigator in Superman foe Lex Luthor (Jesse Eisenberg) is realized as the high-tech billionaire nuisance that has an underlying scheme to eradicate both bickering super powers once and for all but not before Luthor pronounces his take on philosophical tirades. In the meantime, Lois Lane (Amy Adams) is on board to profess her undying love and support for her desired dreamboat Superman. Luthor loathing Superman while Lane fantasizing about her strong flashy fly boy. In other words it is business as usual. While Superman is trying to figure out his place in the sun Snyder piles on the bothersome dreamy anxieties that plague the aging Wayne.\r\n\r\n**Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice** is a jumbled mess. Snyder undertakes a convoluted production and tries to sell it as a sophisticated meeting of the misplaced minds between two embattled entities embroiled in uncertainty and super-sized cynicism. Still, Snyder\u2019s vision is mishandled as he seems to have forgotten one crucial point\u2013simply making an action movie that registers with genuine thrills. One cannot help but stumble upon the pretentiousness and piousness that ruins this boneless blockbuster. The film finally decides to stack on the combinations of boisterous match-ups involving everyone but the kitchen sink but all comes off as frivolously forced. Cavell was never really an enticing Superman ever since he donned the big \u201cS\u201d on his chest back in 2013\u2019s** Man of Steel**. Affleck\u2019s Batman is a little more palatable but the constant scowl (both on his face and on the mask) is too much to digest. One would not mind yelling at the screen for Affleck\u2019s alter ego to lighten up a bit.\r\n\r\nThe supporting players are virtually wasted in this exhausting CGI popcorn pleaser. Eisenberg, normally a trustworthy performer with considerable scope, merely irritates as the punkish techno-magnate Luthor. The always radiant Adams is a wash as the gushing Lois Lane. Oscar-winner Jeremy Irons\u2019s Alfred the butler won\u2019t make anyone forget Micheal Caine\u2019s take on Wayne\u2019s trusty man servant anytime soon. Even the reliably adventurous Oscar-nominated actor Michael Shannon cannot exuberantly bring to life the menacing presence of Zod.\r\n\r\nHumorless and hackneyed, **Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice** will probably satisfy indiscriminate devoted fans that will buy into the proposed heralded rivalry. As for others, they will wonder what lies ahead in terms of other League of Justice movies that hopefully can muster up more entertaining stimulation than this over-indulgent doomsday dud. Is anyone up for **Wonder Woman vs. Redwing** with an empowering feminine twist?\r\n\r\n**Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice** (2016)\r\n\r\nWarner Bros. Pictures\r\n\r\n2 hrs. 30 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Diane Lane, Gal Gadot, Holly Hunter, Michael Shannon, Ray Fisher\r\n\r\nDirected by: Zack Snyder\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Science Fiction/Fantasy/Action and Adventure/Superhero Saga\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: ** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n(c) Frank Ochieng"}, {"pseudo": "shekzilla", "content": "A bit slow but overall good. There are many sub plots in the movie that could've been made into independent movies of their own."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Know your enemy's weakness before challenging to a fight!\r\n\r\nIt is known that critics have no brain. It is the best Superman film as Henry Cavill in the red and blue suit. Yep, I know it is always DC versus Marvel, so it is then DC's reply to the 'Avengers'. I don't care their rivalries, as a film fanatic, I enjoy good films and I found it was so good. But I was a bit worried after the Superman was shown in a dark shade in the trailer, especially after Batwan was overly stylised by Nolan, I thought the black suit would take over. After watching the film I was relieved and happy that Batman was exposed.\r\n\r\nBatman fans might have been disappointed, but for the superhero and DC fans, this film is a great treat. You can't compare it with 'Avengers', it had its own style. It follows the 'Man of Steel' and directed by the same director. Excellent cast. I have never been the Ben Affleck hater, so I had no objection to his role in this. He did good along with Cavill and others. He would do better in his solo Batman films if Zack Snyder is retained to script and direct them.\r\n\r\nI'm not a comic book reader, so I did not know the story before the watch. I was surprised for the Wonder Woman's part in the film. The visuals were awesome, the story was unpredictable, well developed characters, cleverly composed scenes, wonderful stunt sequences and the film's overall tone was kind of dark and gloomy, a very satisfying superhero film. The content balance was perfect, but the characters did not do the same as we know Superman is a father of all superheroes.\r\n\r\nI already watched it twice and I can't wait for its sequel. Especially looking forward for Jesse Eisenberg, because he was kind of stayed low in this and I hope his character Lex becomes much stronger. It is a PG13, and there's nothing botherable stuffs in it for the underage audience, but I felt it is targeted for adults because of the matured flavour. Don't think about that I said, just watch it, it will definitely entertain you well if not blow you away. Surely recommended to all.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "I still have faith in the DCU but this movie had problems. Watch my full review here.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews/bvsreview"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "As I write this review I have just had a thoroughly disappointing movie experience and it so just happens that I have some strong feelings about the source material for this movie so be prepared for a bit of ranting and a few more \u201cadult\u201d words than usual.\r\n\r\nI have to say that I bought this movie only because I felt I wanted it in my collection just for it to be complete. I was really expecting to be, shall we say, not impressed. A movie about Batman and Superman, heroes that I grew up with, fighting is not my kind of movie.\r\n\r\nIn the end I realized that my expectations of crappines was not enough. I really disliked this movie. In short succession this movie turns several of my childhood heroes to bad guys and the greatest superman bad guy into a unstable hippie-like jerk that goes through the movie behaving like he is a drug addict. So basically this movie went drown the drains for me straight away and then I have not even gotten started about the plot. Actually I felt so annoyed over this crap that I actually spent time taking notes while I was watching.\r\n\r\nLet me see what I noted. Lex Luther is a fucking joke. Alfred, the same. Jimmy Olsen a fucking CIA agent? You got to be fucking kidding me! And not only does he screw Lois Lane but gets himself shot after a few seconds of screen time.\r\n\r\nSame stupid nonsense about XXX being too powerful, is a threat and needs to be government controlled that has been used in hundreds. if not thousands, of crappy low and high budget action movies. I hate that crap. It is stupid, stupid, stupid.\r\n\r\nWeird and totally uninteresting dream scenes, what the f... did the writer smoke? If they wanted to pad the movie it a) was a crappy way of doing it and b) why? With over three hours (Ultimate Edition) it is way to long for such a crappy movie anyway.\r\n\r\nOh, here is a (somewhat) positive note at least. It was indeed rather funny that they had chosen CNN to spew out the nonsense conspiracy theories about Superman being responsible for the bomb in the wheelchair. Fake news anyone?\r\n\r\nI had a little bit of enjoyment of the movie during the last part of the movie when it finally turned into a bit of action. Batman\u2019s car and plane was cool. The action, once Batman getting knocked on his head enough to get to his senses again, was a nice chunk of CGI goodness. That I have to admit.\r\n\r\nOkay, after three, mostly painful, hours the movie finally comes to an end. And what an end. Meh!!! Not only was it a crappy ending but they managed to drag it out forever with excruciatingly boring scenes.\r\n\r\nI am sure a lot of the above can be said to be subjective. For instance my dislike of the way my childhood characters where treated. I am not a professional reviewer though so this is my personal take of the movie. If you don\u2019t like it, fine with me and good for you but do not feel obliged to tell me about it."}, {"pseudo": "TheTenth", "content": "Very short synopsis : Batman has been hit hard by the events of Man of Steel : a \"god\" descends on earth, is confronted by another god, and they fight, killing thousands of humans. He learns about a rock coming from his birth planet that can weaken or kill him. It's the property of Lex Luthor, who could target Superman too, but with evil purpose.\r\n\r\nSo I won't go deeper in the story. This movie, unlike most other superhero movie, is targeting adults. I don't mean 18 or 21 year old, I mean mature beings that have endured bad things in life, and have taken the time to see the goods and bads of humanity. Yes, not the Marvel (Guardians of the galaxy, Ant man) target audience. Batman makes it clear (rejoined by the senator) : if a being is so powerful he can't be killed and can kill thousands, even if for now he does good, what happens if he becomes a villain? What laws or weapons can stop him?\r\n\r\nNow going back to the movie and how it presents its argument. We have Batman's introduction to the new DC movie universe (death of parents, tortured psyche ...) done during the opening credits. That is both efficient and powerful. Then we see Bruce Wayne at the time of the Superman / Zod battle. We also see humans being scared and killed. So, yeah it's superhero movie making not showing merry world with superheroes saving humans. And doing funny quotes. It's people (or super people) facing tragedy and growing up to see how the future has to be settled. And then a new villain appears. Or rather, he appears as a careless billionnaire showing off - how could he be perceived as dangerous? He has the chance of having Batman wanting to take down Superman, when he wants the same thing, so he can go for his secondary plan to use Krypton technology to change the world.\r\n\r\nSo the last part of the movie is the fight of 3 super heroes against a creature created by the \"god\"'s technology and humanity's madness/evilness. Yes, it's not a villain that is there because you need one to fight the bad guys, it's yet another consequence of Kryptonians coming to earth.\r\n\r\nSo the films rolls out and I'm so stunned by the content I feel I was treated as a human being, not as a popcorn eating teenager or a comics fan. Just as someone that could appreciate great movie making."}], "recommandations_id": [271110, 246655, 49521, 99861], "youtube_key": "fis-9Zqu2Ro"}