{"tmdb_id": 209247, "title": "Art of the Steal", "original_title": "The Art of the Steal", "slug_title": "art-of-the-steal", "date": "2013-09-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Deux fr\u00e8res sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9s dans le vol d'\u0153uvres d'art d\u00e9cident d'orchestrer un dernier cambriolage. Mais les choses ne se passent pas tout \u00e0 fait comme pr\u00e9vu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4sBFdZXFVDSZ0qsvtzDh3AeyOGS.jpg", "actors": ["Kurt Russell (Crunch Calhoun)", "Matt Dillon (Nicky Calhoun)", "Jay Baruchel (Francie)", "Kenneth Welsh ('Uncle' Paddy MacCarthy)", "Chris Diamantopoulos (Guy de Cornet)", "Katheryn Winnick (Lola)", "Jason Jones (Interpol Agent Bick)", "Terence Stamp (Samuel Winter)", "Devon Bostick (Ponch)", "Karyn Dwyer (Ginger)", "Joe Pingue (Carmen)", "Stephen McHattie (Dirty Ernie)", "Eugene Lipinski (Bartkowiak)", "Elle Downs (Female Border Guard)", "Dax Ravina (Sunny)", "Rob de Leeuw (Van Der Beer)", "Christopher Dyson (Ranking Officer)", "Jasmin Geljo (Detective Brodowski)", "Vieslav Krystyan (Detective Kumik)", "Maria Lerinman (Belly dancer)", "Alan C. Peterson (Reverend Herman Headly)", "Camilla Scott (Olga Something-Long)", "Jon Steinberg (Stoned Ice cream truck driver)", "Juan Carlos Velis (The Construction Worker)", "Mike Wilmot (Detroit Border Guard)", "Scott McCrickard (Beefy Man #1)", "K. Trevor Wilson (Beefy Guy #2)", "James Collins (Crunch Calhoun's cellmate)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The two half-brothers and the art heist.**\r\n\r\nI like heist movies, once they were making great ones, but not anymore. I have heard about this, though haven't seen it till now. Seems it's a decent film, but came at the wrong time of the history. You know, the same film 15-20 years ago would have made a better impact among people, as well as commercially. Nowadays, the youngsters want only superhero action-sci-fi films. That should not be the reason for a film's failure. Instead, they should have improved it in lots of areas. But still I liked a few things from it, like the information about mixing the real art with the fake ones, but still it remains as the real.\r\n\r\nThe film is about two half-brothers. They are the art thieves and they have done many jobs together, but in their final one, one of them betrays. So the rest of the narration sets in a few years later when they join hands for another big art heist sidelining their differences. They form a big team and this time they are watchful over each other. Now comes the final act where the actual event takes place and with a twist the story comes to an end.\r\n\r\nAn enjoyable film, little funny and had some good moments, But overall film was predictable, including the twist. Could be the director's best film so far. Kurt Russell was just okay, but expected a lot. The rest of the cast in this multi-starrer, does not look good, though contributed. Maybe the film characters were weaker than the story. They should have focused more on them to progress it, so it would have achieved the success they were looking for than what a few people praising it. I think it's okay for a watch with the low expectation.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [227300, 243935, 121824, 192102]}