{"tmdb_id": 209271, "title": "Hateship Loveship", "original_title": "Hateship Loveship", "slug_title": "hateship-loveship", "date": "2013-09-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une adolescente orchestre une romance entre sa baby-sitter et son p\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c8q9ksBmRungE0plqgdqXvSbAvB.jpg", "actors": ["Kristen Wiig (Johanna Parry)", "Guy Pearce (Ken)", "Hailee Steinfeld (Sabitha)", "Jennifer Jason Leigh (Chloe)", "Sami Gayle (Edith)", "Christine Lahti (Eileen)", "Nick Nolte (Mr. McCauley)", "Lauren Swinney (Mrs. Willets)", "Jeff Pope (Oxygen Delivery Man)", "Joel K. Berger (Stevie)", "Don Brady (Man on Computer)", "Becki Davis (Librarian)", "Peggy Walton-Walker (Michelle's Clerk)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Shipping Clerk)", "Tony Bentley (Mover)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "This movie was based on the short story 'Hateship, Friensdhip, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage' which won the Noble prize in literature a decade ago. A pure drama about a middle aged single woman whose life was dedicated to her profession. Just like similar to the 'Finding Vivian Maier', except there was no photographies involved. Frankly, I was not predicted that this film would impress me a lot. Picked it to watch without an interest, but while a watch surprised and glued to my seat to the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nEven though there were fine actors in the movie like Guy Pearce and latest sensation Hailee Steinfield, it was a Kristen Wiig show. Apart from voice-over for the animations and other supporting roles, she was not seen in a top form recently. Her commitment to the character she played as Johanna Perry the live-in caretaker in the movie was inevitable to appreciate. Feels very real who fall for a teenagers prank that actually influence her life to turn it around. So how and what are the things to be done against the odds are displayed well.\r\n\r\n''The only thing worse than friendship is hateship.''\r\n\r\nKind of 'second chance' theme, if you get one you must seize it. Though, it was not that simple in the movie, but developed at a fair dosage of obstacles between 'the desperate' and 'the hope' to form balanced account. Don't consider it an inspirational, it was just pieces of common event that's happening everywhere, but creatively put into the texts and then cinematic. Commercializable title that did not suit for a realistic narration. Especially not in todays world, might have been a perfect title 20-25 years ago. Once you watch it the perspective will change that still movie like this are made for the silver screen, not direct-to-television, but what? Sadly commercially fails.\r\n\r\nIf you observe closely the end scene, it was very practical to the real life. Whether we accept our fate as it happened or we created it, the flaws always remain, especially in a relationship. That's what the entire movie unfolds, how people cope with each other despite what they were before. A very well told simple story. Of course it was a slow narration, not because of the stretched from a short story, but to give the depth in the portrayal. This movie is for ardent drama fans like me, for a change others as well should try this little sweet movie.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [84201, 242083, 253283, 319389]}