{"tmdb_id": 209403, "title": "Bad Words", "original_title": "Bad Words", "slug_title": "bad-words", "date": "2013-09-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un homme aigri, d'une trentaine d'ann\u00e9es, profite d'une faille de syst\u00e8me pour s\u2019inscrire \u00e0 un concours d'orthographe pour enfants...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cEnpV3XLvgTp3eVXhY2eyQKZk4r.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Bateman (Guy Trilby)", "Kathryn Hahn (Jenny Widgeon)", "Rohan Chand (Chaitainya)", "Philip Baker Hall (Dr. Bowman)", "Allison Janney (Dr. Bernice Deagan)", "Ben Falcone (Pete Fowler)", "Steve Witting (Proctor at Spelling Bee)", "Beth Grant (Irene)", "Patricia Belcher (Ingrid)", "Rachael Harris (Eric Tai's Mother)", "Greg Cromer (Jeremy 'FBI Agent')", "Matthew Zhang (Braden Aftergood)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Good lie, bad words and ugly truth.\r\n\r\nI thought it was Cliff Curtis' movie because that's whom I saw in one of the posters. Anyway, it's Jason Bateman's movie, which is also his first directional venture. A refreshing theme because only a very few movies were made based on the spelling bee contest, but this one was a bit messed up story narration. Most of the narrative looked so pale and dull. It is supposed to be an exciting storytelling with blistering pace.\r\n\r\nYou know, stories in the movies happen with a backdrop of the reasons. Like a piece of uninteresting wood carved into a something that attracts everybody. Some movie holds it till the end to reveal that beauty in the form of a twist, but some won't mind explaining it along the way. In this movie, what they had for the twist was lifeless, boring one, more like a clich\u00e9 from the older days flick.\r\n\r\nThe boy from the movie 'Jack and Jill' was decent. I felt some material in the movie was inappropriate regarding a minor in one of the lead roles. But I know the title clearly suggests it is only for adults. Understandable that the writer wanted to give something new, but he could not get it right. Maybe lacked to bring some interesting and inspiring elements. What surprised me was, it was not either for commercial benefit nor a fine art piece.\r\n\r\nAll the way I knew something was not clinching and finally found out the approach to portray the main character in the negative mode had to do with something. They wanted the viewers to go against him and well, they got it in a way. Interestingly the screenplay was from the 'Black List' which was untouched for almost 10 years. Unfortunately Bateman decided to give it a try and the result is,... Here I'm with not satisfied fully, but okay-okay movie for being at least something different.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [239678, 113148, 157360, 82532], "youtube_key": "pWibxfADyRc"}