{"tmdb_id": 209406, "title": "The Right Kind of Wrong", "original_title": "The Right Kind of Wrong", "slug_title": "the-right-kind-of-wrong", "date": "2013-10-11", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "La malchance s'abat sur Leo depuis d\u00e9j\u00e0 un bon moment. Il est la ris\u00e9e du populaire blog de son ancienne amoureuse et son incapacit\u00e9 \u00e0 vivre de sa plume l'oblige \u00e0 laver la vaisselle dans un restaurant. Le jeune homme tombe amoureux de Colette le jour m\u00eame o\u00f9 elle convole en justes noces avec le riche Danny. La nouvelle mari\u00e9e n'a que faire de cet inconnu qui la harc\u00e8le et vient troubler son quotidien. Malgr\u00e9 ses refus r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9s, Leo n'a pas l'habitude d'abandonner et il tentera de convaincre Colette qu'il est l'homme id\u00e9al pour elle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hmxnwvRvW2oE0bbE9DbKAncKHYz.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Kwanten (Leo Palamino)", "Catherine O'Hara (Tess)", "Will Sasso (Neil)", "Sara Canning (Colette)", "Ryan McPartlin (Danny)", "Kristen Hager (Julie)", "James A. Woods (Troy Cooper)", "Jennifer Baxter (Jill)", "Christopher Russell (Troy Garnet)", "Raoul Bhaneja (Mandeep)", "Barb Mitchell (Angie)", "Andrea Stefancikova (Shanly)", "Anna Quick (Wedding Guest)", "Chantal Perron (Pauline)", "Kearstin Plemel (Wedding Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Love at bride sight.**\r\n\r\nThis was most unrealistic, though for a film it is fine if you got entertained. Kind of quirky, but the locations were awesome. Feels like it is happening somewhere in the Swiss Alps. That is what I loved the most in this film, all the background views were just like that I see them in the wallpapers. And not to forget the actors, comes second who were really into their characters. But the story was silly, and instantly forgettable film.\r\n\r\nSo it is about a failed writer who now washes dishes for a living. His wife divorced him criticising his lack of everything in the life. Her success through his failure puts him further backwards. But one day when he saw a bride, he suddenly falls in love with her. Despite knowing she just got married, he never stops pursuing her. So he has to face various obstacles for impossible dream and the end is to reveal where he's going to end.\r\n\r\nIt was based on the book called 'Sex and Senset', though changing title for the screen adaptation seems appealing enough. This Canadian film is okay for timepass. This is not really a great romantic tale, but some people might find it better. For me it was just fine, like a mixed feeling. But I won't suggest it to others as it is not that kind of awesome product. So if you decide to watch it, I hope you enjoy it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [253283, 392660, 138222, 285844]}