{"tmdb_id": 209451, "title": "Jersey Boys", "original_title": "Jersey Boys", "slug_title": "jersey-boys", "date": "2014-06-05", "genre": ["Musique / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Quatre gar\u00e7ons du New Jersey, issus d'un milieu modeste, montent le groupe \"The Four Seasons\" qui deviendra mythique dans les ann\u00e9es 60. Leurs \u00e9preuves et leurs triomphes sont ponctu\u00e9s par les tubes embl\u00e9matiques de toute une g\u00e9n\u00e9ration qui sont repris aujourd'hui par les fans de la com\u00e9die musicale\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eauqByydTE8zx74Hd4CSE5mCw3u.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Walken (Angelo \u201cGyp\u201d DeCarlo)", "Vincent Piazza (Tommy Devito)", "Freya Tingley (Francine Valli)", "James Madio (Stosh)", "Sean Whalen (Engneer)", "Kathrine Narducci (Mary Rinaldi)", "Francesca Eastwood (Waitress)", "Mike Doyle (Bob Crewe)", "Steve Schirripa (Vito)", "Barry Livingston (Accountant)", "Alexis Krause (Party Girl)", "Jeremy Luke (Donnie)", "Silvia Kal (Producer's Wife)", "John Lloyd Young (Frank Valli)", "Erich Bergen (Bob Gaudio)", "Michael Lomenda (Nick Massi)", "Johnny Cannizzaro (Nick DeVito)", "Joseph Russo (Joey)", "Billy Gardell (Our Sons Owner)", "John Griffin (Billy Dixon)", "Elizabeth Hunter (Francine (age 7))", "Lacey Hannan (Angela)", "Ren\u00e9e Marino (Mary Delgado)", "Erica Piccininni (Lorraine)", "Steve Monroe (Barry Belson)", "Rob Marnell (Joe Long)", "Troy Grant (Ed Sullivan)", "Grant Roberts (Johnny)", "Kara Pacitto (Bubble-Head #2)", "Michael Patrick McGill (Officer Mike)", "Nancy La Scala (Art Loving Woman)", "Clint Ward (Officer Stanley)", "Jackie Seiden (Angel #2)", "Matt Nolan (Engineer #2)", "Meagan Holder (Jazz Singer)", "Joe Abraham (Rockabilly Singer)", "Phil Abrams (Publisher #3)", "Joe Howard (Priest)", "Ben Rauch (New Season #4)", "Bill Watterson (Backup Musician #2)", "Annika Noelle (Nick's Date)", "Derek Easley (Biker Inmate)", "Kim Gatewood (Angel #1)", "Alexandra Ruddy (Waitress)", "Keith Loneker (Knuckles)", "Marco Tazioli (Bad-News Boyfriend)", "David Newton (Guy at the Bar)", "Donnie Kehr (Norm Waxman)", "Scott Vance (Detective #1)", "Kyli Rae (Angel #3)", "Travis Nicholson (Country Singer)", "Allison Wilhelm (Coat Check Girl)", "Tye Edwards (Crewe Bartender)", "Jon Paul Burkhart (Journalist)", "Lou Volpe (Frankie's Father)", "David Crane (Holiday Inn Clerk)", "Lou George (Publisher #1)", "Michael Butler Murray (Backup Musician #1)", "Michael Lanahan (Publisher #2)", "Aria Pullman (Attractive Woman)", "Jacqueline Mazarella (Angry Woman)", "Danielle Souza (Scantily Clad Woman)", "Miles Aubrey (Charles Calello)", "Johnny Dinu (New Seasons #3)", "Maggie Beal (Antonia Valli)", "Jeff DePaoli (Stage Manager)", "Vincent Selhorst-Jones (Hank Majewski)", "Angel Murphy (Jazz-Cat)", "Grace Kelley (Francine (age 4))", "Annie O'Donnell (Nun)", "John Duerler (Bartender)", "Louis Lombardi (Trulio)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**From the streetlight to the spotlight.**\r\n\r\nI know who's the director, but not the actors. Maybe that's the reason the film did not do as expected at the box office. But still theirs performances are not forgettable. Every one of them was amazing, they are the real singers and so the jobs done easily. I mean the filmmaking who understood the story and its characters and delivered accordingly. You might have seen many similar biopics and this is almost the same, but still there's lots to inspire from what you see.\r\n\r\nSince this music genre is different compared to the todays trend in the music industry, this film quite clearly brings back the 50s, 60s eras for us. So that's how this story appeals to its viewers. It was about the four member music band and their journey through the success and struggles for decades. What inspires is that, they are nothing like we see in todays musicians like drugs and sex stuffs. But the story had its share in those things, which might have been a huge for that time.\r\n\r\nThe family, friends and music, the films very beautifully defines the differences. Between professional and personal life, how they lose grips is what obviously we see regularly in all the musician's biopics, but I'm talking about 50 years ago society and lifestyle. The things are different and how they managed or did they is the film to reveal. I really liked it and I wanted to rate higher, but I was bored a bit because it was a very long film. The pace was okay, so I managed and I think it is worth a watch, but only for the selected audience.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [239566, 37917, 209262, 271714], "youtube_key": "tL2iILHUsG0"}