{"tmdb_id": 209641, "title": "The Village", "original_title": "A Cidade", "slug_title": "the-village", "date": "2012-09-28", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Far away from any other urban centers, Itapu\u00e3 is a small community with the characteristics and rituals of everyday life. The location, which sheltered 1,454 people and has more than 70 years of existence remains with only 35 residents all over the age of 60. No one likes to remember what the place was in the past, even though for many the memory is etched on their bodies.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Jo\u00e3o Francisco Saldanha (Himself)", "Eva Pereira Nunes (Herself)", "Nair Tavares Taborda (Herself)", "Maria Marlene Waginiack Bronichaki (Herself)", "Elo\u00e1 Giehl (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Albertopsg", "content": "Still and almost quiet, the first half of this short-film is visual poetry. We first get to know the town and see its inhabitants, that on the second part, we meet. All of the residents of this small government-sustained town are of advanced age, that is because they live there for several decades, back when leprous had compulsory confinement. These people grew there, making friends and establishing families with each other (even though the children would be rushed away from them by the time they were born). So now, that the treatments and politics have developed, these people ain't required to stay there anymore, but they still do, because they don't know any life beyond that territory. They are there, and will stay there until they die, and the town will only cease when the last of them goes away. Beautiful."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "nQRxZSrsrZo"}