{"tmdb_id": 21006, "title": "Le grand chef", "original_title": "Chief Crazy Horse", "slug_title": "le-grand-chef", "date": "1955-03-31", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Cette biographie du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre chef de guerre Lakota Sioux est racont\u00e9e enti\u00e8rement du point de vue indien.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6tpkFsAWXWwTrexrkr0ZK0Nhdbw.jpg", "actors": ["Victor Mature (Crazy Horse)", "Suzan Ball (Black Shawl)", "John Lund (Major Twist)", "Ray Danton (Little Big Man)", "Keith Larsen (Flying Hawk)", "Paul Guilfoyle (Worm)", "David Janssen (Lt. Colin Cartwright)", "Robert Warwick (Spotted Tail)", "James Millican (Gen. Crook)", "Morris Ankrum (Red Cloud)", "Donald Randolph (Aaron Cartwright)", "Robert F. Simon (Jeff Mantz)", "James Westerfield (Caleb Mantz)", "Stuart Randall (Old Man Afraid)", "Pat Hogan (Dull Knife)", "Dennis Weaver (Maj. Carlisle)", "John Peters (Sgt. Guthrie)", "Henry Wills (He Dog)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Safe, interesting enough, but worthy of repeat viewings?\r\n\r\nThis is the story of Crazy Horse, who from a very young age was expected to go onto great things for his people. Taking in his youth and finally onto his accent as military leader, Chief Crazy Horse tells things from the Indian point of view.\r\n\r\nThis is a good and reliable Western picture, though sadly not using Indian actors to ram home the fact it's telling things from the Indian side of the vista, it's none the less unharmed by Victor Mature (Crazy Horse) and the rest of the white man cast. It's difficult for myself to personally gauge just what the makers were aiming for, was it honest portrayals? Or did they hope to make a stirring picture about a man proclaimed as a true great American General? Because they really don't achieve either of those things. But as I have said in my heading, this film doesn't waste one's time, it is a very interesting story, and technically it has its treats (filming in the actual Black Hills location a definite bonus for the story), yet ultimately I came away thinking that we could still do with a rousing epic to fully capture this man's biography. \r\n\r\nIt's a story well worth telling and a story worth telling with grace and elegance, sadly this is not the real deal. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [111420, 107427, 233795, 147905]}