{"tmdb_id": 210103, "title": "Fuzzbucket", "original_title": "Fuzzbucket", "slug_title": "fuzzbucket", "date": "1986-05-18", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "In the vein of \"Harvey\", an invisible creature befriends a 12 year old boy. Of course, no one else can see him nor believes in him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kvqSxWvrqVHiKlgMoFEekGvFMeb.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hebert (Michael Gerber)", "Phil Fondacaro (Fuzzbucket)", "Joe Regalbuto (Dad)", "Wendy Phillips (Mom)", "John Vernon (Principal)", "Fran Ryan (Mrs. Langendorf)", "Robyn Lively (Stevie Gerber)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "rukaveli", "content": "This movie is the best childhood memory that I have... it is so cute and funny. I highly recommend this for any family.It was about a little boy and his invisiable friend fuzz bucket that lived in his tree house and no one could see him but the little boy. Any child would love to have this movie it differently opens the imagantion of a child. It is one of the best 80's children movies out. I would really like to see it again I remembered it a few years ago and no one could help me find it or even knew what I was talking about so If anyone out there knows where you can get this movie at please I would love to get it. Thank you very much for any information anyone out there can give to me about this movie. (Source IMDB) 4 May 2004 | by shesdetermined24  (USA)"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "IWuGrelLFQU"}