{"tmdb_id": 21027, "title": "Les prairies de l'honneur", "original_title": "Shenandoah", "slug_title": "les-prairies-de-l-honneur", "date": "1965-06-03", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Charlie Anderson, fermier de son \u00e9tat \u00e0 Shenandoah, en Virginie, se retrouve impliqu\u00e9 dans la guerre civile. Il refuse de soutenir les Conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9s, car il s'oppose fermement \u00e0 l'esclavage, mais ne soutient pas non plus l'Union car il est profond\u00e9ment contre la guerre. Lorsque son fils est fait prisonnier, Charlie part imm\u00e9diatement \u00e0 sa recherche. Il va rapidement \u00eatre confront\u00e9 aux horreurs de la guerre et va devoir choisir son camp.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4ISv56ZAa5d8R9b9iUn4MneBGQy.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Charlie Anderson)", "Doug McClure (Lt. Sam)", "Glenn Corbett (Jacob Anderson)", "Patrick Wayne (James Anderson)", "Rosemary Forsyth (Jennie Anderson)", "Phillip Alford (Boy Anderson)", "Katharine Ross (Mrs. Ann Anderson)", "Jim McMullan (John Anderson)", "Tim McIntire (Henry Anderson)", "Gene Jackson (Gabriel)", "Paul Fix (Dr. Tom Witherspoon)", "Denver Pyle (Pastor Bjoerling)", "George Kennedy (Col. Fairchild)", "James Best (Carter, Rebel Soldier)", "Charles Robinson (Nathan)", "Tom Simcox (Lt. Johnson)", "Berkeley Harris (Capt. Richards)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Jenkins - Rebel Soldier)", "Kevin Hagen (Mule - Rebel Deserter)", "Dabbs Greer (Abernathy)", "Strother Martin (Train Engineer)", "Kelly Thordsen (Carroll - Federal Purchasing Agent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What do you do with dead soldiers?\r\n\r\nShenandoah is directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and written by James Lee Barrett. It stars James Stewart, Patrick Wayne, Doug McClure, Glenn Corbett, Rosemary Forsyth, Phillip Alford and Katharine Ross. Music is by Frank Skinner and Technicolor photography is by William H. Clothier.\r\n\r\nAs the American Civil War rages, a Virginian patriarch keeps his large farming family in the act of isolationism. But will the war leave them alone? \r\n\r\nA superbly acted and written Civil War Oater, Shenandoah is moving and poignant without over doing the anti-war message. First half of the pic lets us into the lives of the Anderson family, their beliefs, their loves and losses, and decisions that will shape their futures. Circumstances will of course come knocking at the door, which shifts the film into darker territory, where it is here that McLaglen and his team brilliantly show the emotional and physical hardships of the war between the North and the South. Story and the characters are consistently compelling, all while the locations envelope the dramatics with a beauty that is realised by the legendary Clothier. And then there is Stewart, a class act and the axis, the fulcrum of everything that is great about the pic, his character brought vividly - and crucially believably - to life, one of the best father portrayals in classic film. \r\n\r\nBattles rage, of the war, the heart and of the mind in one of the 1960s best American Oaters. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [41857, 4934, 15573, 21717]}