{"tmdb_id": 210387, "title": "Madame de Th\u00e8bes", "original_title": "Madame de Th\u00e8bes", "slug_title": "madame-de-thebes", "date": "1915-08-06", "genre": [""], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The story is wacky \u2013 a gypsy is cursed by her father, so that she has to deny her illegitimate son in order for him to have a successful life. She gives him to a well-to-do lady who has lost her own child.  Later, he has grown up to be a politician who wants to become the foreign minister. He doesn\u2019t know that his real mother is the famous Madame de Thebes, the fortuneteller who all politicians make sure to visit! This information falls into the hands of a rival, who tries to use it to ruin his career. Meanwhile, the rival\u2019s attractive daughter is attacked by a ruffian and needs to be rescued\u2026  There are a lot of striking images in this film. You can see the beauty of them even if the state of the print is far from perfect. The Norwegian actress Ragna Wettergreen gives a haunting performance as Madame de Thebes, with wisdom and regret \u2013 and quite a few melodramatic gestures. Understatement was not the norm in those days.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v4VDl8dqDf4cbsYVkefMNnMYzx.jpg", "actors": ["John Ekman (Ayla's father)", "M\u00e4rta Halld\u00e9n (Countess Julie)", "Nicolai Johannsen (Count Robert)", "William Larsson (Max)", "Albin Lav\u00e9n (von Volmar)", "Karin Molander (Louise von Volmar)", "Doris Nelson (Young Ayla)", "Ragna Wettergreen (Ayla)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}