{"tmdb_id": 21052, "title": "Levity", "original_title": "Levity", "slug_title": "levity", "date": "2003-03-16", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Manual Jordan a purg\u00e9 sa peine. Le Conseil P\u00e9nitentiaire vient de prononcer sa remise en libert\u00e9 conditionnelle, mais lui souhaiterait rester en prison. Dans la pass\u00e9, Manuel a tu\u00e9 un homme, en fait un jeune gar\u00e7on qui travaillait dans une \u00e9picerie de quartier. Manual est sorti, il a beaucoup chang\u00e9. Il est m\u00e9connaissable. Mais il est irr\u00e9sistiblement attir\u00e9 vers la ville o\u00f9 il a commis son crime. Que cherche t-il ? le pardon ? la r\u00e9demption ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eNRxOW2rRapTsEMpXnYfSZy38Ul.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Bob Thornton (Manual Jordan)", "Morgan Freeman (Miles Evans)", "Holly Hunter (Adele Easley)", "Kirsten Dunst (Sofia Mellinger)", "Manuel Aranguiz (Senor Aguilar)", "Geoffrey Wigdor (Abner Easley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Meditation on the nature of guilt and redemption with Billy Bob Thornton and Morgan Freeman***\r\n\r\nReleased in 2003 and written/directed by Ed Solomon, \u201cLevity\u201d concerns a man in the Great Lakes region (Billy Bob Thornton) who\u2019s released from prison after 23 years of confinement. He returns to the big city where he murdered a 17 year-old cashier and finds lodging & work at a community house run by a priest with edge (Morgan Freeman). Seeking forgiveness, he pursues a relationship with the sister of the boy he killed (Holly Hunter) while helping a wild young woman who lacks adult guidance and is wasting her life (Kirsten Dunst).\r\n\r\nThe meaning of the title, \"Levity\" can be traced to this conversation: \u201cWhat are you thinking about?\u201d \u201cGravity.\u201d \u201cIt doesn't last long.\u201d So \u2018Levity\u2019 is meant as the opposite of gravity and graveness. It stems from the Latin root \u2018levis,\u2019 which means \"light in weight\u201d or even \"changeableness.\" It means \"lightness\u201d in every respect. Life is tragic and painful. We do senseless, unkind things to one another in various states of spiritual growth and immaturity. We spend our whole lives being dragged down to our inescapable end (\"Gravity kills\"). But we sooner or later must let go of this gravity and realize that there is joy to be had. Redemption is the return of that joy, that Levity.\r\n\r\nCritics argued that the flick could really use some levity in light of it being burdened by dour self-importance and a heavy-handed moral. The tone is similar to other spiritual movies, like \u201cGrand Canyon\u201d (1991) and \u201cThe Woodsman\u201d (2004), but not as effective in overall quality. One problem is there\u2019s a little too much ambiguity and another is the weakly executed subplot about the woman\u2019s juvenile delinquent son and his violent gang proclivities, which comes off wholly contrived. \r\n\r\nStill, there\u2019s enough good here to recommend to those who appreciate the kinds of films noted above, films that try to balance the reverence and beauty of life with the profane, foolish and ugly. I loved the way Dunst\u2019 character rolled with the inner city youth. Actually, all four main cast members shine in their roles.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 40 minutes and was shot in Montreal.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [18711, 267457, 35868, 66110], "youtube_key": "notfound"}