{"tmdb_id": 21070, "title": "Le septi\u00e8me jur\u00e9", "original_title": "Le septi\u00e8me jur\u00e9", "slug_title": "le-septieme-jure", "date": "1962-04-16", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Par un chaud dimanche de septembre, Duval, un brave pharmacien sans histoire de Pontarlier, c\u00e9dant \u00e0 une soudaine pulsion, se jette sur une jeune femme qui prenait un bain de soleil sur les berges d'un lac. Celle-ci hurle et il l'\u00e9trangle. L'amant de la jeune femme, Sylvain Sautral, est accus\u00e9 du meurtre. Mais voil\u00e0 que Duval est nomm\u00e9 jur\u00e9 aux assises qui doivent juger le jeune homme. Duval interviendra de nombreuses fois durant le proc\u00e8s afin d'\u00e9claircir les circonstances de l'assassinat, et permettra l'acquittement de Sautral.Mais les notables de la ville ne consid\u00e8rent pas que l'acquittement est une raison suffisante de ne plus soup\u00e7onner Sautral. Duval est contraint de se livrer pour lever les soup\u00e7ons. Pourtant, personne ne voudra le condamner : tous savaient, mais refusent de juger l'un des leurs. M\u00eame Sautral refusera de voir la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 en face ; en tentant de l'emp\u00eacher de se suicider, Duval le tue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/94C7q1iO8DL2KOA5TwS8NZ1EaLd.jpg", "actors": ["Bernard Blier (Gr\u00e9goire Duval)", "Maurice Biraud (Veterinarian)", "Francis Blanche (Attorney General)", "Dani\u00e8le Delorme (Genvi\u00e8ve Duval)", "Jacques Riberolles (Sylvain Sautral)", "Yves Barsacq (Ma\u00eetre Adreux)", "Catherine Le Couey (Mme. Souchon)", "Robert Dalban (Fisherman)", "Anne Doat (Alice Moreux)", "Madeleine Geoffroy (Mme. Sylvestre)", "Fran\u00e7oise Giret (Catherine)", "Camille Gu\u00e9rini (Judge)", "Charles Lavialle (Preceptor)", "Paloma Matta ()", "Raymond Meunier (M. Souchon)", "Jacques Monod (Magistrate)", "Jean-Pierre Moutier (Testut)", "Albert R\u00e9my (Police Superintendent)", "Ren\u00e9 Tramoni (Laurent Duval (as Ren\u00e9 Renal))", "Jean Sylv\u00e8re (Druggist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Gr\u00e9goire Duval - The Pharmacist - The 7th Juror.\r\n\r\nLe septi\u00e8me jur\u00e9 (The 7th Juror) is directed by Georges Lautner and adapted to screenplay by Pierre Laroche and Jacques Robert from the Francis Didelot novel. It stars Bernard Blier, Maurice Biraud, Francis Blanche, Dani\u00e8le Delorme and Jacques Riberolles. Music is by Jean Yatove and cinematography by Maurice Fellous. \r\n\r\nHorrible Crime Near Pontarlier! \r\n\r\nOvercome by the sight of a nude lady sunbather, Gr\u00e9goire Duval (Blier) forces himself upon her and in a panic strangles her to death when she begins to scream. Returning back to his hum-drum existence, Duval is shocked to find the victim's boyfriend charged with her murder on circumstantial evidence. He's even more shocked when he is chosen for jury service on that very trial... \r\n\r\nCrime of a coward - or a madman? \r\n\r\nA caustic and potent piece of French cinema, Le septi\u00e8me jur\u00e9 operates on many narrative levels. In parts it's a cracker-jack legal drama, featuring a court case of dramatic verve, while the observations about the sometimes folly of the law is brutally laid bare. At other parts it's a cutting deconstruction of small town mentality, of class distinction and standings, all of which are not favourably portrayed in the slightest. \r\n\r\nFirst you must save your soul. \r\n\r\nFirmly operating in the realm of film noir, the makers produce a clinically atmospheric picture. Georges Lautner opens with an ominous shot of a lone fisherman in his boat, out on a mist covered lake, the accompanying classical music amazingly in sync with the scenes. It's evident from this point we are in for some visual and aural treats. Blier provides a classic noir narration as we move among bohemian architecture, through smoky jazz clubs and client\u00e8le exclusive bars. At night the streets are full of shadows, in daylight there's a muted tone to Maurice Fellous' photography, this is not a happy place to live - unless you be one of the secular bourgeois of course... \r\n\r\nOthello was misunderstood too. \r\n\r\nOther imagery strikes hard. A confession box sequence is brilliantly filmed, noir nirvana, a tilted mirror used during a key exchange between husband and wife is astute, and the pi\u00e8ce de r\u00e9sistance that involves grotesque reflections on a brandy glass. Haunting scenes drop in and out, normally involving the tortured Duval staring blankly out at someone, while the court case is a hot-bed of hurt and chaos, even turning to the macabre as the crime is reenacted at the actual murder scene. Lautner also likes pull away movements as well, and so do we! \r\n\r\nSuperbly acted, directed, scored and photographed, this is yet another French film that proves that although the first wave of American film noir had faded cum the start of the 60s, the French were keeping the flame alight well into the decade. From that opening misty lake scene, to the black twist finale that is crowned by a stunning ambulance light sequence, this is black gold cinema. Merry Christmas. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [106284, 77938, 4746, 48954], "youtube_key": "notfound"}