{"tmdb_id": 210955, "title": "Hostile Guns", "original_title": "Hostile Guns", "slug_title": "hostile-guns", "date": "1967-07-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hVHPcwXnJgU3JlUWvuRDHitgVVE.jpg", "actors": ["George Montgomery (Sheriff Gid McCool)", "Yvonne De Carlo (Laura Mannon)", "Tab Hunter (Mike Reno)", "Brian Donlevy (Marshal Willett)", "John Russell (Aaron Pleasant)", "Leo Gordon (Hank Pleasant)", "Robert Emhardt (R. C. Crawford)", "Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez (Angel Dominguez (as Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez))", "James Craig (Ned Cooper)", "Richard Arlen (Sheriff Travis)", "Emile Meyer (Uncle Joe Reno)", "Don Barry (Ed Johnson)", "William Fawcett (Ole Jenson)", "Fuzzy Knight (Buck)", "Joe Brown (Bunco - Alfie's Pa)", "Jerry Catron (Townsman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "More tepid than hostile.\r\n\r\nNot a great deal to write home about here, Hostile Guns is every inch a late 1960s Oater clinging on to the fading embers of a genre that was at the time moving in another direction. It's directed by R.G. Springsteen and co-written by Steve Fisher, Sloan Nibley and James Edward Grant. It stars George Montgomery, Yvonne De Carlo, Tab Hunter, Brian Donlevy, John Russell and Leo Gordon. Music is by Jimmie Haskell and the Techniscope/Technicolor photography is by Lothrop Worth.\r\n\r\nPlot has Montgomery as Sheriff Gid McCool, who is tasked with escorting a wagon of prisoners through the plains. Tricky since one of the prisoners has cohorts desperate to break him free, while another one is an old flame!\r\n\r\nTab Hunter is in the cast to bring down the average age of the cast, many of whom are going through the motions and are clearly in it to pick up a late in their career pay cheque. It's very much indicative of an A.C. Lyles production, the mixture of airy location shooting and crude rear projection work is most disconcerting. Brian Donlevy is front page billed but is in the film for two minutes, while the stunt doubles are ridiculously evident - which via the splicing are actually insulting. On the plus side there's a nice print available which showcases the good use of colour, and Gordon provides some good grumpy villainy, but it all trundles towards the inevitable climax, which all things considered isn't worth the wait. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}