{"tmdb_id": 211061, "title": "WWE The Big Event", "original_title": "WWE The Big Event", "slug_title": "wwe-the-big-event", "date": "1986-08-27", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Big Event was a Canada-only professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), which took place on August 28, 1986, at the Exhibition Stadium in Toronto, Ontario. The event drew a legitimate crowd of 74,000 fans which was an outdoor attendance record at the time. The event set an attendance record for a wrestling show that would not be beaten until WrestleMania III.  The main event heading into the event was between WWF Champion Hulk Hogan and Paul Orndorff for the WWF Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qZUAxY73YahvMFj47qffPcoT0Ll.jpg", "actors": ["Keith Franke (\"Adorable\" Adrian Adonis)", "Louis Vincent Albano (Captain Lou Albano)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Giant Machine)", "Ted Arcidi (Himself)", "Jesse Barr (Jimmy Jack Funk)", "Brian Blair (B. Brian Blair)", "James Jim  Brunzell (Jumpin' Jim Brunzell)", "Christopher Alan Pallies (King Kong Bundy)", "Bill Eadie (Super Machine)", "Tonga Fifita (King Tonga)", "Howard Finkel (Himself)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Dory Funk, Jr. (Himself)", "Tony Garea (Himself)", "Richard Henry Blood Sr. (Ricky \"The Dragon\" Steamboat)", "Don Muraco (The Magnificent Muraco)", "Sylvester Ritter (Junkyard Dog)", "Bobby Heenan (Himself)", "John William Minton (Big John Studd)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Jake \"The Snake\" Roberts)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules Hernandez)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Greg Valentine (Greg \"The Hammer\" Valentine)", "Harley Race (\"King\" Harley Race)", "Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Paul Orndorff (\"Mr. Wonderful\" Paul Orndorff)", "Jacques Rougeau (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}