{"tmdb_id": 211223, "title": "Jonny's Golden Quest", "original_title": "Jonny's Golden Quest", "slug_title": "jonny-s-golden-quest", "date": "1993-04-04", "genre": ["Animation / Aventure / Familial / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "In the first feature-length animated movie based on the Hanna-Barbera series, Jonny Quest fans get to meet the women behind the adventurous men. Joining scientist Benton Quest, his plucky son Jonny, bodyguard Race Bannon and Jonny's young pal Hadji are Benton's biologist wife Rachel, Race's ex-wife Jade and young 12-year-old Jessie, who harbors a big secret. Throughout, Team Quest battles the evil schemes of modern-day alchemist Dr. Zin, who has cloned himself and created an army of mutant reptiles in the Peruvian rain forest. The clash there results in a tragedy that changes Jonny's life forever - and later leads to a worldwide pursuit of Zin that includes examining rare Leonardo da Vinci documents in Paris, exploring the Roman catacombs and a final confrontation in the Australian outback.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o3R0tmCgTr6yvLYfglZ5BjWUDU1.jpg", "actors": ["Will Estes (Jonny Quest)", "Ed Gilbert (Commander)", "George Hearn (President)", "Whit Hertford ()", "Meredith MacRae (Dr. Rachel Quest)", "Anndi McAfee (Jessie Kenyon (Bannon))", "Don Messick (Dr. Benton C. Quest / Bandit)", "Rob Paulsen (Hadji)", "Peter Renaday (Dr. Victor Devlon)", "Pepe Serna (Agent Menendez)", "Jeffrey Tambor (Dr. Zin)", "Marcelo Tubert (Chef)", "Granville Van Dusen ('Race' Bannon)", "B. J. Ward (3-DAC)", "Frank Welker (Snipe / Replicants)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "nGnHB5i2wk0"}