{"tmdb_id": 211231, "title": "Jonny Quest Vs. The Cyber Insects", "original_title": "Jonny Quest Vs. The Cyber Insects", "slug_title": "jonny-quest-vs-the-cyber-insects", "date": "1995-11-19", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Animation"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The evil Dr. Zin has genetically modified household pests into disturbingly large insects that he calls assassinoids, fearless and devoted warriors that will carry out his plan for world domination. Team Quest, headed by internationally respected scientist Benton Quest, is Earth's only hope. When the good doctor becomes Zin's captive, the stakes - and the action quotient - grow higher. Enter Jonny Quest, Dr. Quest's bright, excitable, imaginative and heroic young son, ex-special agent Race Bannon, Jonny's child genius pals Hadji and Jessie (Race's daughter), their robotic pal 4-DAC and bulldog Bandit to complete the job of vermin extermination before it's too late. Your quest for colorful animated excitement ends here with this high-tech feature-length adventure based on the beloved Hanna-Barbera series.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j6PB2uxZ8nXJFSJqG6rTKai5R4I.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Smets (Jonny Quest)", "Don Messick (Dr. Benton C. Quest)", "Granville Van Dusen (Race Bannon)", "Rob Paulsen (Hadji)", "Anndi McAfee (Jessie Kenyon)", "Jeffrey Tambor (Dr. Zin)", "Theresa Saldana (Dr. Eve Belage)", "Tim Matheson (4-DAC)", "H\u00e9ctor Elizondo (Chief Atacama)", "Victor Love (Commander Harris)", "Robert Ito (427)", "Robert Ito (426)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "E-tCGPYW-_0"}