{"tmdb_id": 211446, "title": "WWE In Your House 2: Lumberjacks", "original_title": "WWE In Your House 2: Lumberjacks", "slug_title": "wwe-in-your-house-2-lumberjacks", "date": "1995-07-22", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "In Your House 2: The Lumberjacks was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was the second pay-per-view of the In Your House series. It took place on July 23, 1995 at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee.  Seven professional wrestling matches were featured on the pay-per-view. The main event that was shown on pay-per-view was a Lumberjack match for the WWF Championship contested between on-screen rivals Diesel and Sycho Sid. Diesel, who held the championship heading into the event. Two of the matches on the undercard were one-on-one matches: Shawn Michaels vs  Jeff Jarrett for the Intercontinental Championship, and The Roadie vs the 1\u20132\u20133 Kid", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tBuuTyBv3KRAwbMBakOSDvIICaf.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Girard James (Himself)", "Sean Michael Waltman (1\u20132\u20133 Kid)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Mabel)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Juan Rivera (Savio Vega)", "Mark Canterbury (Henry Godwinn)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Sidney Raymond Eudy (Sycho Sid)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Ted DiBiase (The Million Dollar Man)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Charles Wright (Kama)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "-wvH_eREY5g"}