{"tmdb_id": 211474, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 1995", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 1995", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-1995", "date": "1995-11-19", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series (1995) was the ninth annual Survivor Series pay-per-view. It was sponsored by the Milton Bradley Company. It took place on November 19, 1995 at the US Air Arena in Landover, Maryland, and was the first Survivor Series program not to take place on either Thanksgiving Eve or Thanksgiving night.  The main event was a No DQ match for the WWF Championship. Diesel defended the title against Bret Hart.  The undercard featured Shawn Michaels, Ahmed Johnson, British Bulldog and Sycho Sid versus Yokozuna, Owen Hart, Razor Ramon and Dean Douglas in a four-on-four elimination match.  The Darkside (The Undertaker, Savio Vega, Fatu and Henry Godwinn) versus The Royals (King Mabel, Jerry Lawler, Isaac Yankem and Hunter Hearst Helmsley) in a four-on-four elimination match.  Goldust versus Bam Bam Bigelow and Bertha Faye, Aja Kong, Tomoko Watanabe and Lioness Asuka versus Alundra Blayze, Kyoko Inoue, Sakie Hasegawa and Chaparita Asari in a four-on-four elimination match.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e1622cGaOQbl8iT2G5DQR2MYgRY.jpg", "actors": ["Bret Hart (Himself)", "Kevin Nash (Diesel)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Tony Norris (Ahmed Johnson)", "Davey Boy Smith (The British Bulldog)", "Sidney Raymond Eudy (Sycho Sid)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Scott Hall (Razor Ramon)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (King Mabel)", "Jerry Lawler (Himself)", "Juan Rivera (Savio Vega)", "Ted DiBiase (The Million Dollar Man)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Mark Canterbury (Henry Godwinn)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Isaac Yankem D.D.S.)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Hunter Hearst Helmsley)", "Dustin Runnels (Goldust)", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow)", "Sean Michael Waltman (1-2-3 Kid)", "Robert Howard (Bob Holly)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy Gunn)", "Mike Polchlopek (Bart Gunn)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "PEkrYoPEKC8"}