{"tmdb_id": 211821, "title": "Kya Love Story Hai", "original_title": "\u0915\u094d\u092f\u093e \u0932\u0935 \u0938\u094d\u091f\u094b\u0930\u0940 \u0939\u0948", "slug_title": "kya-love-story-hai", "date": "2007-08-03", "genre": ["Musique / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Kya Love Story Hai is the story of a carefree and wayward youth, Arjun, who experiences love-at-first-sight with Kaajal. It isn't a typical meet-cute situation - he follows her for some time before succeeding in breaking the ice. For Kaajal, Arjun is a mere acquaintance, but the latter is in love with her and afraid of conveying his feelings. On befriending her, he learns that she lost her mother years back and that her father was busy traveling abroad on business. A situation arises when Kaajal comes across a letter, which Arjun has written for the girl he loves, but she doesn't know to whom he is referring. Arjun deliberately asks her how she would reciprocate his love if she were the girl he was in love with? Kaajal's reply leaves Arjun self-introspecting, making him mysteriously disappear from the scene. In the mean time, a successful and snooty entrepreneur meets Kaajal. Following some heated verbal scuffles with her, he concludes that she would make", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dWCJa6RbUH7OxZ1Um5RRndJOJKM.jpg", "actors": ["Tusshar Kapoor (Arjun)", "Ayesha Takia (Kajal Mehra)", "Karan Hukka (Ranveer Oberoi)", "Rahul Singh (Chiku)", "Shyam Mashalkar (Romeo)", "Poonam Gibson (Suzzane)", "Sujata Kumar (Mrs. Oberoi)", "Bikramjeet Kanwarpal (Mr. Mehra)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}