{"tmdb_id": 212167, "title": "Pat\u00e9ma et le monde invers\u00e9", "original_title": "\u30b5\u30ab\u30b5\u30de\u306e\u30d1\u30c6\u30de", "slug_title": "patema-et-le-monde-inverse", "date": "2013-11-09", "genre": "Animation / Aventure / Drame / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une catastrophe \u00e9cologique, la terre se trouve s\u00e9par\u00e9e en 2 mondes invers\u00e9s ignorant tout l'un de l'autre. Dans le monde souterrain, Pat\u00e9ma, 14 ans, adolescente espi\u00e8gle et aventuri\u00e8re r\u00eave d'ailleurs.  Sur la terre ferme, Age, lyc\u00e9en m\u00e9lancolique, a du mal \u00e0 s'adapter \u00e0 son monde totalitaire.\r Le hasard va provoquer la rencontre des 2 adolescents en d\u00e9fiant les lois de la gravit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6twIaCt9COcNh7C2eoSfH0WPlnb.jpg", "actors": ["Yukiyo Fujii (Patema)", "Masayuki Katou (Lagos)", "Takaya Hashi (Izamura)", "Hiroki Yasumoto (Jack)", "Maaya Uchida (Kaho)", "Nobuhiko Okamoto (Age)", "Shintarou Oohata (Porta)", "Shinya Fukumatsu (Elder)", "Hideyuki Umezu ()", "Go Shinomiya (Teacher)", "Yu Shimamura (Announcer)", "Shunsuke It\u00f4 (Underground Person B)", "Yuka Keicho (Underground Person C)", "Genki Muro ()", "Toru Sakurai (Student A)", "Kiyohito Yoshikai (Student B)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "Patema Inverted is a film about a split world where gravity points in different directions. This affects people, objects, and even natural stone. Wherever an object was created decides which direction the object falls. Of course, without some kind of protection, objects and people can fall into the sky. \r\n\r\nThat's the concept. As a concept, it's incredibly interesting. The gripping moments, awesome actions scenes, and interesting animation sequences have limitless potential. This movie fills that potential and does a fantastic job of executing the concept in a way that keeps things interesting.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, that's one of the only things the movie did exceedingly well. The pacing of the movie was strange. It started rather slowly until some revelations by the characters drew us into the action. The film takes a large amount of time to introduce us to Patema, one of our protagonists. While this is a good thing, Patema isn't an incredibly interesting character. She's the Chief's daughter, sure, but that only comes into play for a few lines of dialogue. She has some really emotional scenes that just don't feel as emotional as they should because the character depth isn't quite up to snuff.\r\n\r\nIn addition, Age, the other protagonist, doesn't get the same treatment Patema does, at least not right away. Until later in the movie, the only things we really know about Age is that he isn't happy with the authoritarian nature of his school/government. \r\n\r\nThe antagonist of the movie and the rest of the supporting cast are all extremely one-sided: dumb, in love, mindless goons, etc. \r\n\r\nWhile the pacing is inconsistent and the movie starts off slow, once it hits its pace, it really takes off. The two protagonists really help develop each other, although the short amount of time it takes for each one to be willing to sacrifice their lives for the other is much too short. \r\n\r\nAltogether, the plot is a means to an end. It is designed to force the characters together so their one-sided-ness isn't nearly as glaring as well as to give us a reason to see the world. The twist at the end wasn't terribly surprising, but it was executed well.\r\n\r\nAll in all, the movie was good, not great. The concept was fantastic, but the rest of the movie just held the concept back. It's certainly worth a watch (probably two), but it isn't something I'll make a point to watch at least once a year."}], "recommandations_id": [364111, 79707, 196761, 239367]}