{"tmdb_id": 21224, "title": "Barah Aana", "original_title": "Barah Aana", "slug_title": "barah-aana", "date": "2009-03-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Barah Aana is a comedy of real life set in today's Mumbai. The story revolves around three unlikely friends: a driver (Naseeruddin Shah), a watchman (Vijay Raaz) and a waiter (Arjun Mathur). The driver is an older man, stoic but dependable. The watchman, in his 30's, is a pushover at work but otherwise mischievous. The waiter is a young, swaggering chap, brimming with ambition. Living together, their different attitudes make for an interesting banter.At some point, misfortune befalls the watchman, and due to a series of chance events, he stumbles into a crime. Striking upon a seemingly low-risk way to make good money, and discovering a new sense of self-confidence, he tries to entice the others to join him in a series of such crimes. Cat and mouse games ensue between the three as personalities change, but events soon spiral out of control, leading them in a direction that none of them had ever wanted to take...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ljb5sthobMqLHJdE5qPs8cnEOD1.jpg", "actors": ["Naseeruddin Shah (Shukla)", "Tannishtha Chatterjee (Rani)", "Violante Placido (Kate)", "Vijay Raaz (Yadav)", "Arjun Mathur (Aman)", "Jayati Bhatia (Mrs. Mehta)", "Barry John (Yuri)", "Benjamin Gilani (Mr. Mehta)", "Mahabanoo Mody-Kotwal (Cutlet Aunty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}