{"tmdb_id": 21240, "title": "Carry On Constable", "original_title": "Carry On Constable", "slug_title": "carry-on-constable", "date": "1960-02-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "With a flu epidemic running rife, three new bumbling recruits are assigned to Inspector Mills police station. With help from Special Constable Gorse, they manage to totally wreck the operations of the police force and let plenty of criminals get away, even before they arrive at the station. They all have to prove themselves or else they'll be out of a job and Sergeant Wilkins will be transferred. Sub-plots include romances between Wilkins and Moon, Constable and Passworthy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/65z5FOEdAb0o76hUSDAws19JWuZ.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth Connor (P.C. Charlie Constable)", "Charles Hawtrey (S.P.C. Timothy Gorse)", "Sid James (Sergeant Frank Wilkins)", "Kenneth Williams (P.C. Stanley Benson)", "Leslie Phillips (P.C. Tom Potter)", "Joan Sims (W.P.C. Gloria Passworthy)", "Hattie Jacques (Sergeant Laura Moon)", "Eric Barker (Inspector Mills)", "Joan Hickson (Mrs. May)", "Shirley Eaton (Sally Barry)", "Irene Handl (Distraught Mother)", "Freddie Mills (Jewel Thief)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The first milestone Carry On movie.\r\n\r\nA flu epidemic has reduced the local police station down to a skeleton crew. Hope arrives in the form of four recruits - - that's no hope mind you...\r\n\r\nCarry On Constable introduced the wonderful Sid James to the series, he would become one of the most beloved actors to Carry On film fans. Ironically \"Constable\" finds James somewhat removed from the type of character he would become known for, it's a restrained role and showcases his acting abilities as an official figure type, the glue binding the whole play together.\r\n\r\nThe fourth film in the Carry On series retains the more genteel comedy factors that had imbued the previous three outings, though this would be the first to show nudity! Four policemen's bums gleaming bright! A scene that provides a splendid anecdote in Kenneth Williams brilliant book, Just Williams (I urge anyone interested in classic film/TV/radio/stage to check it out).\r\n\r\nPlot basically pitches the four recruits, Williams, Leslie Phillips, Charles Hawtrey and Kenneth Connor (brilliant as usual as a superstitious sort) into a number of chaotic physical situations mined for laughs. Back at the station Sgt. Frank Wilkins (James) is pulling his hair out at the ineptitude of his new charges - and that of his ignoramus boss, Inspector Mills (Eric Barker). Joan Sims is on hand to steam the collar of Kenny Connor, just as Phillips lusts after any female form, while Hattie Jaques provides a glimpse of her tender character acting side as the station's sensible soul.\r\n\r\nThere's some drag dressings played for good laughs, a whole bunch of scenes where the not so intrepid coppers get taken for fools, and a few deftly scripted lines guaranteed to raise a smile. Elsewhere there's a raft of super character actors in cameos who beautifully portray the classic eccentricities of the Brits of the era, so take a bow Irene Handl, Esma Cannon and Joan Hickson (wonderful as a posh drunken lush). Never riotous or bawdy, \"Constable\" is still a fondly thought of entry in the long running series, as are most of the black and white productions. It shows a group of film makers very much of the time and using it to the max. Lovely. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32115, 32109, 32113, 32107], "youtube_key": "aPXhZ8t5WWY"}