{"tmdb_id": 212606, "title": "L'\u00e9preuve", "original_title": "Tusen ganger god natt", "slug_title": "l-epreuve", "date": "2013-08-31", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Rebecca est l'un des plus grands photographes de guerre au monde, mais son mari refuse de mettre sa vie en danger plus longtemps. Rebecca va devoir jongler entre sa vie de famille et son travail.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jtQB3SfdmTwqQoFKrLvSeHsrNF6.jpg", "actors": ["Juliette Binoche (Rebecca)", "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Marcus)", "Lauryn Canny (Stephanie)", "Adrianna Cramer Curtis (Lisa)", "Maria Doyle Kennedy (Theresa)", " Larry Mullen Jr. (Tom)", "Mads Ousdal (Stig)", "Chlo\u00eb Annett (Jessica)", "Bush Moukarzel (Brian)", "Eve Macklin (Brian's girlfriend)", "Des Nealon (Elderly man)", "Jonathan Byrne (Marine Biologist)", "Najat Azgar (Suicide bomber)", "Zoubida Akif (Ariana)", "Jameela Shafaq (Translator)", "Omar Elmouden (Driver)", "Catriona Nimhurchu (Teacher in Dublin)", "Peter Sexton (Stephanie\u2019s Classmate)", "Anna Leah Thorseth Poppe (Stephanie\u2019s Friend)", "Rory Nolan (Father 1)", "Peter Coonan (Father 2)", "Cathy Belton (Mother 1)", "Denise McCormack (Mother 2)", "Ciara Gallagher (Child 1)", "Ciara Phelan (Child 2)", "Youssef Marchouki (Young Moujahideen Man)", "Mohammed Soussi (Elderly Man)", "Ahmed El Aoud (Bombmaker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "Frankly, I never knew what the movie is about. What I expected was a beautiful romantic drama and I got a movie that defined someone's struggle over her passion and its reality. After seeing opening scene I thought it would be another movie about war similar to the '5 Days of War'. I am glad it was so distinct which was partially based on the director own experiential story when he served as a photojournalist in the '80s. It is a jointly produced movie by Ireland and Norway in English language.\r\n\r\n     Rebecca is a passionate war zone photojournalist and her daring attitude make her one of the finest on the field. Like always her latest journey takes place in the war torn city of Kabul, Afghanistan. She follows a suicide bomber to cover up the story where she gets injured. After the accident the whole story flips back to her home in Ireland where it chronicles the worried husband and the two children who are very affectionate of her. This is the time where she has to choose the side, the professional? Or the family? The stay at home during recovery makes her realize the worth of her life. So the movie's end strikes with the path she opts to travel forth.\r\n\r\n\u2018\u2018Sometimes it's hard to stay at home.\r\nI mean, the one who stays at home has the hardest job.\u2019\u2019\r\n\r\n     Well, it served a message with the touch of melodrama. The story demonstrated family value on the right amount of each others love and care. The opening and the end scenes that take place in Afghanistan was so brutal and there's another one that takes place in Kenya. But bringing the reality on the screen as it happening some places of the world must be appreciated. It kind of makes you realize that someone is sacrificing their life to bring light on what's happening in the war zones. Like always, Juliette Binoche was good. It was her movie, her side of the story told when she was caught between the family who loves and the war that calls her.\r\n\r\n     One of the fascinating thematic movie. Regarding the main role, you may think why she's not stopping the tragedy from happening. That's the journalism, when you have no power to act, just expose to the rest of the world. The combination of family drama and the conflict zone are like two different genres that brought together awesomely. The director's own experience helped to shape the movie well. Almost all the combat related scenes were so realistic as what he had seen is now letting us know through this film. I think this movie is a must see. The end scene makes us go speechless, woefully.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [197631, 203552, 128142, 69567]}