{"tmdb_id": 212888, "title": "The Sea Calls", "original_title": "Das Meer ruft", "slug_title": "the-sea-calls", "date": "1933-02-23", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Baltic captain Terje Wiggen works as a pilot on the island of Muhu. When the mate of the ship \u201cCarola\u201d calls in sick, he jumps at the chance of reviving his life as a sailor. WWI breaks soon after the departure. By and by the ship\u2019s company gets worn down by dead calm. On account of the plague-ridden captain, Wiggen disposes of the contaminated water reserve. Discontent among the crew rises until they take the sole lifeboat and leave their mate behind. Wiggen unsuccessfully tries to bring the ship under control. At the last minute he is rescued off the Japanese coast. At his return he promises to never leave his wife and child again.  But the German Imperial Navy begins to blockade the waterways of the island. Wiggen paddles to Sweden with the intention of smuggling provisions for his family. On his way back he is detained by a German captain. After five years of imprisonment he returns to Muhu once more.  Wiggen is hellbent on vengeance. (Deutsche Kinemathek)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lgGpH82qBkG2PpFcLw0JlLMuKb7.jpg", "actors": ["Heinrich George (Terje Wiggen)", "Erika Helmke (Antje, seine Frau)", "Hans Mierendorff (Peters, Kapit\u00e4n der 'Carola')", "Franz Stein (Der alte Jansen)", "Herta Scheel (Frau Larsen)", "Ludwig Andersen (Kommandant des Torpedobootes)", "Josef Dahmen ()", "Josef Peterhans ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}