{"tmdb_id": 21293, "title": "Gooby", "original_title": "Gooby", "slug_title": "gooby", "date": "2009-04-17", "genre": "Familial", "score": "3.1/10", "synopsis": "Install\u00e9 depuis peu avec ses parents dans un nouveau quartier, Willy, un jeune gar\u00e7on solitaire et craintif, voit son existence transform\u00e9e lorsque son ourson Gooby prend vie et se manifeste \u00e0 lui sous la forme d'une peluche g\u00e9ante.Imagine if you'd had a six-foot tall monster to help you through the rough times when you were 11! Willy is terrified about moving into the family's new house...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dzTfUdX9AFhplx8id0EE8iNOyTk.jpg", "actors": ["Robbie Coltrane (Gooby's voice)", "Matthew Knight (Willy)", "Eugene Levy (Mr Nerdlinger)", "David James Elliott (Jack Dandridge)", "Ingrid Kavelaars (Elize)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Not a superhero to save the world, just a mischievous toyfriend.\r\n\r\nThe outcome was as expected, so I haven't disappointed with it. But sparing time for it was the big decision I had made, knowing a film not for my age. Without a single bit of graphics they have managed it well to tell a story. The production was decent, but the story was too predictable with a below average jokes. I just wanted to clear the air that I was not bored of it, simply not my type of entertainment film, that's all.\r\n\r\nPerhaps the adult comedy, 'Ted' might have inspired by this, except it is a children's film. The actors were decent, because they did not get a challenging role. With a giant Ted in the title role, it should have been an adventure film. He's here to help the kid and I think his character did nothing big achievement rather boring writing of his character.\r\n\r\nEveryone knows that's a man was inside the fur, so the stunts would have not cost too much if they had used a stunt artist. Because adding a couple of those scenes would have given a reason for the audience to cheer. The end was a loop, they kept it that way, in case of a sequel planned in the future. But I hope they won't make it, unless a very adventurous. Not recommended unless you plan to show it for your kids.\r\n\r\n3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [256511, 30796, 33156, 133535]}