{"tmdb_id": 213273, "title": "Sebastian", "original_title": "Sebastian", "slug_title": "sebastian", "date": "1995-11-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "In this thoughtful Scandinavian drama, a teenage boy wrestles with his sexuality and learns that most of his deepest fears were unfounded. Sebastian is almost 17 when he figures out that he is a homosexual. Though he lives with wonderful, stable parents and has a good-hearted sister, he finds himself wracked with turmoil and suddenly withdraws from them all. The more they try to understand why, the more distant Sebastian becomes. Things get worse when he falls in love with the handsome Ulf, who comes from an unstable, tempestuous home. Sebastian realizes he is lucky, but still can't help but become irritated when he brings Ulf home for dinner. His parents are too nice and this quietly infuriates their son. Eventually they leave the two boys alone in the house. Sebastian have great fun doing teenage guy stuff, but then they take a bath together and it is then that Sebastian tries to kiss Ulf.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eTtco7rjNpNKfO7D2t6OfNGlNAo.jpg", "actors": ["Hampus Bj\u00f6rck (Sebastian)", "Nicolai Cleve Broch (Ulf)", "Ewa Fr\u00f6ling (Mother)", "Helge Jordal (Father)", "Rebecka Hemse (Lisbeth)", "Lena Olander (Linda)", "Emil Lindroth (Jan)", "Johanna S\u00e4llstr\u00f6m (Girl #2)", "Karin Hag\u00e5s (Inga)", "Mira Mandoki (Lisa)", "Stig Torstensson (Fyllie)", "Sara Alstr\u00f6m (Girl #1)", "B\u00e5rd Torgersen (Vendor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "JNLFDNvHqdI"}