{"tmdb_id": 213359, "title": "WWE Over the Edge: In Your House", "original_title": "WWE Over the Edge: In Your House", "slug_title": "wwe-over-the-edge-in-your-house", "date": "1998-05-31", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Over the Edge: In Your House was the first of what was to be an annual World Wrestling Federation pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was also the 22nd pay-per-view event in the In Your House series. It was presented by Castrol GTX and took place on May 31, 1998 at the Wisconsin Center Arena in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  The main event was a WWF Championship match between Steve Austin and Dude Love. The main match on the undercard was a Six-man tag team match between D-Generation X Vs The Nation. The Rock defended his Intercontinental Championship against Faarooq. Kane competed against Vadar in a mask vs. mask match.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/heqQNOinCVIuxr6myipHAElbMuA.jpg", "actors": ["Michael James Hegstrand (Hawk)", "Joseph Michael Laurinaitis (Animal)", "Don Harris (Skull)", "Ron Harris (8-Ball)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Steve Blackman (Himself)", "Marc Mero (Marc Mero)", "Rena Marlette Lesnar (Sable)", "Takao Yoshida (Taka Michinoku)", "John Charles Layfield (Justin Bradshaw)", "Dwayne Johnson (The Rock)", "Ron Simmons (Faarooq)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Leon Allen White (Vader)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Charles Wright (Kama Mustafa)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Mr. Ass)", "Brian Girard James (Road Dogg)", "Sean Michael Waltman (X-Pac)", "Steve Austin (Himself)", "Mick Foley (Dude Love)", "Vince McMahon (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Accie Julius Connor (D'Lo Brown)", "Steve Austin (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Chyna (Chyna)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NWNKWmyatgA"}