{"tmdb_id": 21398, "title": "Grace", "original_title": "Grace", "slug_title": "grace", "date": "2009-08-14", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Madeline Matheson, enceinte de huit mois, est d\u00e9termin\u00e9e \u00e0 accoucher naturellement. Suite \u00e0 un grave accident, le b\u00e9b\u00e9 qu\u2019elle porte meurt dans son ventre. N\u00e9anmoins, elle d\u00e9cide de mener sa grossesse \u00e0 terme. Apr\u00e8s l\u2019accouchement, le b\u00e9b\u00e9 revient miraculeusement \u00e0 la vie\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jqJGJB2GH7TpOqikBDDpVXOd5jX.jpg", "actors": ["Jordan Ladd (Madeline Matheson)", "Samantha Ferris (Patricia Lang)", "Gabrielle Rose (Vivian Matheson)", "Stephen Park (Michael Matheson)", "Serge Houde (Henry Matheson)", "Kate Herriot (Shelly)", "Troy Skog (ER Doctor)", "Malcolm Stewart (Dr. Richard Sohn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This childbirth thing is murder you know!\r\n\r\nOh no, not another evil child horror film I hear you cry! Yet there\u2019s something very fresh about Paul Solet\u2019s movie, it\u2019s deeply unsettling but emotionally complex, even gnawing away at our inner built capacities for empathy and sympathy.\r\n\r\nJordan Ladd plays the mother of the piece, hit with personal tragedy time and time again, her will is tested to the limit when a car crash strips her of her husband and renders the baby she is carrying as being a sure case of still born. But she\u2019s determined to carry it to term, and when she literally wills the dead child alive, it responds in kind and becomes Grace, the miracle baby\u2026\r\n\r\nWhat follows is the disintegration of Ladd\u2019s character and of the key characters around her. Meditations on grief are heavy but richly so, as is the nods to post-natal depression. The horror elements are strong, as baby Grace shows a thirst for something other than milk, and the slow-burn approach favoured by Solet pays off with a final quarter of heartbreaking devilment. Cast are dandy, especially a very committed Ladd, while other tech credits keep the film very much in the upper echelons of this sub-genre of horror. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19197, 13803, 26587, 27791], "youtube_key": "OQIAdsmS-D4"}