{"tmdb_id": 213, "title": "La Mort aux trousses", "original_title": "North by Northwest", "slug_title": "la-mort-aux-trousses", "date": "1959-07-07", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Le publiciste Roger Tornhill se retrouve par erreur dans la peau d\u2019un espion. Pris entre une myst\u00e9rieuse organisation qui cherche \u00e0 le supprimer et la police qui le poursuit, Tornhill est dans une situation bien inconfortable. Il fuit \u00e0 travers les \u00c9tats-Unis et part \u00e0 la recherche d\u2019une v\u00e9rit\u00e9 qui se r\u00e9v\u00e9lera tr\u00e8s surprenante\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aNV789h3oHm2pTHK5Bdq5RuiumZ.jpg", "actors": ["Cary Grant (Roger O. Thornhill)", "Eva Marie Saint (Eve Kendall)", "James Mason (Phillip Vandamm)", "Martin Landau (Leonard)", "Leo G. Carroll (The Professor)", "Adam Williams (Valerian)", "Jessie Royce Landis (Clara Thornhill)", "Doreen Lang (Maggie - Thornhill's Secretary)", "Josephine Hutchinson (Vandamm's Sister aka Mrs. Townsend)", "Philip Ober (Lester Townsend)", "Philip Coolidge (Dr. Cross)", "Edward Platt (Victor Larrabee)", "Robert Ellenstein (Licht)", "Les Tremayne (Auctioneer)", "Patrick McVey (Sergeant Flamm)", "Edward Binns (Captain Junket)", "Ken Lynch (Charley - Chicago Policeman)", "Maudie Prickett (Hotel maid Elsie)", "Ned Glass (Ticket seller)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Man waiting for bus)", "Bess Flowers (Plaza Hotel lounge patron)", "Stanley Adams (Lieutenant Harding (uncredited))", "Andy Albin (Farmer (uncredited))", "Ernest Anderson (Porter on Twentieth Century Ltd. (uncredited))", "Tol Avery (State Police Detective (uncredited))", "Baynes Barron (Taxi Driver #2 (uncredited))", "Brandon Beach (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "John Beradino (Sergeant Emile Klinger (uncredited))", "Steve Carruthers (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "Taggart Casey (Shaving Man (uncredited))", "Bill Catching (Shaving Man (uncredited))", "Bill Catching (Auction Attendant (uncredited))", "Walter Coy (U.S. Intelligence Agency Official (uncredited))", "Jimmy Cross (Taxi Driver #1 (uncredited))", "Patricia Cutts (Hospital Patient (uncredited))", "Jack Daly (Train Steward (uncredited))", "John Damler (Police Lieutenant (uncredited))", "Lawrence Dobkin (U.S. Intelligence Agency Official (uncredited))", "Tommy Farrell (Eddie - Elevator Starter (uncredited))", "Jesslyn Fax (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Adolph Faylauer (Bald Bidder (uncredited))", "Sally Fraser (Second United Nations Receptionist (uncredited))", "Paul Genge (Lieutenant Hagerman (uncredited))", "James Gonzalez (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "Tom Greenway (Silent State Police Detective (uncredited))", "Robert Haines (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Stuart Hall (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "Alfred Hitchcock (Man Who Misses Bus (uncredited))", "Stuart Holmes (Hotel Lounge Patron (uncredited))", "Eugene Jackson (Security Guard at Auction (uncredited))", "Bobby Johnson (Waiter (uncredited))", "Kenner G. Kemp (Man Leaving Office Building (uncredited))", "Madge Kennedy (Mrs. Finlay (uncredited))", "Colin Kenny (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "Carl M. Leviness (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Alexander Lockwood (Judge Anson B. Flynn (uncredited))", "Frank Marlowe (Taxi Driver (uncredited))", "Thomas Martin (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "James McCallion (Plaza Valet (uncredited))", "Maura McGiveney (Attendant (uncredited))", "Carl Milletaire (Hotel Clerk (uncredited))", "Hans Moebus (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Howard Negley (Conductor on Twentieth Century, Ltd. (uncredited))", "Monty O'Grady (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Ralph Reed (Bellhop (uncredited))", "John Roy (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "Jeffrey Sayre (Hotel Lounge Patron / Man at Mt. Rushmore Cafeteria (uncredited))", "Scott Seaton (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "Harry Seymour (Victor - Captain of Waiters (uncredited))", "Robert Shayne (Larry Wade (uncredited))", "Jeremy Slate (Policeman at Grand Central Station (uncredited))", "Olan Soule (Assistant Auctioneer (uncredited))", "Helen Spring (Bidder (uncredited))", "Harvey Stephens (Stockbroker (uncredited))", "Harry Strang (Assistant Conductor (uncredited))", "Arthur Tovey (Man at Auction (uncredited))", "Dale Van Sickel (Ranger (uncredited))", "Frank Wilcox (Herman Weitner (uncredited))", "Lloyd Williams (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Robert Williams (Patrolman Waggoner (uncredited))", "Paula Winslowe (Woman at Auction (uncredited))", "Wilson Wood (Photographer at United Nations (uncredited))", "Carleton Young (Fanning Nelson (uncredited))", "Dick Johnstone (Courtroom Spectator (uncredited))", "Bert Stevens (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Cosmo Sardo (Worker (uncredited))", "Don Anderson (Worker (uncredited))", "Alphonso DuBois (Man at United Nations Building (uncredited))", "Len Hendry (Police Lieutenant (uncredited))", "Nora Marlowe (Menacing housekeeper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "North by Northwest is famous for its famous action sequences such as hanging on Mount Rushmore and the crop duster plane scene.\r\n\r\nEssentially it is a film of mistaken identity as advertising executive Roger Thornhill (Cary Grant) is mistaken for George Kaplan by some bad guys in league with a foreign power presumably Russian.\r\n\r\nThe trouble is Kaplan is a made up operative created by the CIA to flush out the film's villain, the urbane but deadly Vandamm (James Mason) and his cronies such as the fey henchman Leonard (Martin Landau) who are out to get Thornhill.\r\n\r\nThornhill in order to prove his innocence must evade capture from the bad guys and also the police as he is wanted by everyone. Only a beautiful blonde Eve (Eva-Marie Saint) aids him in this cross country chase but she is more than an innocent bystander as she might be in league with Vandamm.\r\n\r\nThis is an escapist action film that mixes tension with some comedy and Grant was always adept with light comedy. The film is overlong, it just feels 15 minutes too long and the villains motives seems to be rather cloudy."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb47633491", "content": "I hate user/critic review websites strictly because of movies like this. People will go see like, Gran Torino, be entertained, admire a couple symmetrical shots and smooth camera pans or whatever, and rate the thing a 4.5/5, 9/10, 95%, etc. But then there are movies that have a ten minute chase scene with Cary Grant scaling down Mount Rushmore, every second of which you're screaming at the screen. Of course my most pompous entry is for an Alfred Hitchcock. But please, for progeny's sake, save the high ratings for ones that earn em"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sometimes the truth does taste like a mouthful of worms.\r\n\r\nRoger O Thornhill is a harmless and amiable advertising executive who is absurdly mistaken for a government agent by a gang of ruthless spies. Forced to go out on the lam, Thornhill lurches from one perilous scenario to another. Can he survive to prove his innocence? Is the gorgeous blonde who is helping him really a friend? All will be revealed in Alfred Hitchcock's majestic thriller. \r\n\r\nIf deconstructing it you find that this isn't a perfect Hitchcock movie, for it under uses James Mason's coolly vile Phillip Vandamm (which is a crime), and it also doesn't have a female lead acting with any great urgency since Eva Marie Saint as Eve Kendall fails to fully fulfil the promise of Kendall's arrival in the movie. Yet this film rightly earns the right to be on any critics top 100 list, to be a favourite amongst the legion of Hitchcock fans (of which I'm one of that number), for it is escapist entertainment in its purest form, Hitchcock's most accessible popcorn entertainment piece. \r\n\r\nFrom the moment at the film's opening when you hear Bernard Herrmann's wonderful music, it's enough to send goose pimples all over the body. For it is a musical portent that signifies we are about to get a fusion of thrills, mystery, and some cheeky Hitchcock humour, accompanied by heroes and villains all condensed purely for our enjoyment. Fronted by a diamond Cary Grant performance as the man wrongly mistaken for another that leads to him being pursued frighteningly across the states, the pic is never found wanting for genre high points. Coming as it did after the darkly brilliant and soul sapping Vertigo, Hitchcock clearly wanted to hang loose and enjoy himself. \r\n\r\nWorking from a fabulous script by Ernest Lehman, North By Northwest's very reason for being is purely to entertain those wanting to invest a frame of mind with it, with Hitchcock cunningly putting us on side with what is ultimately a shallow character in Grant's Roger O (the O doesn't stand for anything) Thornhill. It's a neat trick from the master of trickery and devilment. Some of the scenes on show are now almost folk lore such is the esteem in which they are held by movie fans and makers alike. A crop dusting aeroplane attack (the prelude to which has those goose pimples popping up in anticipation), a pursuit on Mount Rushmore and the often forgotten drunk car on a cliff sequence, these are all trade mark pieces of work from Hitchcock. \r\n\r\nNorth By Northwest is in my humble opinion one of the true greats of cinema history, where as bleak and as unnervingly brilliant as Vertigo was the previous year, this is the polar opposite in structure and fable, but the result is most definitely equally as great. One of the reasons I fell in love with cinema in fact. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [567, 426, 521, 845], "youtube_key": "9NPI9QeeDDc"}