{"tmdb_id": 214314, "title": "Grizzly", "original_title": "Bears", "slug_title": "grizzly", "date": "2014-04-17", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Une ann\u00e9e de la vie d'une famille de grizzlys en Alaska, et leur interaction avec la faune voisine : loups, saumons, orques... Dans des paysages grandioses, on d\u00e9couvre la vie tr\u00e9pidante de ces animaux embl\u00e9matiques, pour r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 la question suivante : Comment le grizzly peut-il \u00eatre, dans notre inconscient collectif, \u00e0 la fois un animal f\u00e9roce et le symbole de l'animal rassurant pour tous les enfants du monde ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uhxE8FLguSshnlv41lKRvZYZ4av.jpg", "actors": ["John C. Reilly (Narrator)", "Victoria Naumova (BabyBear)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A mom and her three cubs' life journey.\r\n\r\nOne of the latest Disneynature's documentary ventures. There's nothing wrong to call it a grizzly version of 'To the Arctic'. Because both films are about the mother bears and their new born cubs' first year of survival in the wilderness, but the differences are the fur and habitat. Shot in Alaskan coast side, the film crew followed the bear family for one circle of a year's season to capture the beginning of the life journey of newborn cubs with their mother.\r\n\r\nLike the Disney films famous for fairy tales and children friendly, Disneynature films as well not too far behind. Their films are not like we watch on Animal planet and Nationa Geography, the uncut and harsh version of animals' survival in the jungle. But a cute and enjoyable little epic tale. This film was narrated by our own jolly fellow John C. Reilly. Some of his lines were too good for kids and family, I mean comical. Like other Disneynature films is a must see for children. Hope along with kids, the adult would have a nice time.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [240704, 92837, 29649, 49837], "youtube_key": "a6gHj0bHmg8"}