{"tmdb_id": 214327, "title": "WWE St. Valentine's Day Massacre: In Your House", "original_title": "WWE St. Valentine's Day Massacre: In Your House", "slug_title": "wwe-st-valentine-s-day-massacre-in-your-house", "date": "1999-02-14", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "St. Valentine's Day Massacre was the 27th PPV under the In Your House name from the World Wrestling Federation. It took place on February 14, 1999 at The Pyramid in Memphis, Tennessee.  Eight professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card. The first main event was a Last Man Standing match for the WWF Championship between The Rock and Mankind.  The second main event was a steel cage match between Steve Austin and the owner of the company, Vince McMahon, to decide whether Austin would go on to headline WrestleMania XV the following month.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nKxrNHiupTJPcKVl16bcN6PiQRb.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Austin (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Vince McMahon (Himself)", "Mick Foley (Mankind)", "Dwayne Johnson (The Rock)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Sean Michael Waltman (X-Pac)", "Sean Allen Morley (Val Venis)", "Ken Shamrock (Himself)", "Owen James Hart (Himself)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Accie Julius Connor (D'Lo Brown)", "Dennis Knight (Mideon)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Boss Man)", "Robert Howard (Hardcore Holly)", "Allen Sarven (Al Snow)", "Dustin Runnels (Goldust)", "Brian Daniel Heffron (Bluedust)", "Chyna (Herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "jP4U-Uzx4Uc"}