{"tmdb_id": 214406, "title": "Jungle Jim  dans l'antre des gorilles", "original_title": "Mark of the Gorilla", "slug_title": "jungle-jim-dans-l-antre-des-gorilles", "date": "1950-01-12", "genre": ["Aventure"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Les attaques de gorilles sur les humains sont une surprise pour Jungle Jim, puisque les cr\u00e9atures n'existent pas dans cette partie de l'Afrique. En route pour voir Frank Bentley, directeur de la r\u00e9serve animali\u00e8re de Nairobi, Jim rencontre une jeune femme en d\u00e9tresse, Nyobi, et lui sauve la vie.\r Bentley est malade, \u00e9tant trait\u00e9 par le Dr Brandt, qui \u00e0 l'insu de tous est en ligue avec les chasseurs de fortune qui tentent de trouver un tr\u00e9sor d'or cach\u00e9 nazi. Barbara Bentley, la ni\u00e8ce du gardien, accompagne Jim et apprend que les hommes portent des costumes d'animaux, se d\u00e9guisant en gorilles et en lions, pour faire appara\u00eetre les morts accidentelles.Bien que tout \u00e0 fait bien captur\u00e9, Jim est capable de lib\u00e9rer Barbara et Nyobi et vaincre les coupables. Nyobi, r\u00e9v\u00e9lant qu'elle est une princesse, est autoris\u00e9e \u00e0 prendre ou \u00e0 retourner \u00e0 son peuple.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pkyFC3e5Q3K6hPAqxFPdCCc8bxA.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Weissmuller (Jungle Jim)", "Trudy Marshall (Barbara Bentley)", "Suzanne Dalbert (Nyobi)", "Onslow Stevens (Professor Brandt)", "Robert H. Purcell (Kramer (as Robert Purcell))", "Pierce Lyden (Gibbs)", "Neyle Morrow (Head Ranger)", "Selmer Jackson (Warden Frank R. Bentley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In the jungle, the mighty jungle, the Gorilla doesn't sleep tonight.\r\n\r\nHow wonderfully silly. Johnny Weissmuller stars as Jungle Jim, getting himself in a serialisation of a character not a million miles away from the Tarzan role that would define his film career. Plot has Jungle Jim going about his jungle business, hunting in the wild and larking about with his animal pals, when he is suddenly thrust into a mystery involving dubious Gorillas, stolen Nazi treasure and the protection of a couple of babes. Nefarious treasure hunters will stop at nothing to get the treasure, but they hadn't counted on Jim and his animal pals. Hooray!\r\n\r\nWhat follows is a blend of stock wildlife footage with Jungle Jim wrestling a number of fake creatures, including men in Gorilla suits who are about as subtle as a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. Dummies are flung off of cliffs when the chance arises, the human acting is about as useful as a brick built toilet at the Rhinoceros swamp, and Jim's indestructible being puts Captain Scarlet to shame. The animals are really cool, with Caw Caw the crow smarter than your average Gorilla and Skipper the dog capable of fighting off a lion and celebrating with a good smoke when survival of the fittest is assured.\r\n\r\nCrappy but honest with it, a good time assured for those of us who trawl the lowbrow splinter of jungle based adventures... 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}