{"tmdb_id": 21451, "title": "Espions sur la Tamise", "original_title": "Ministry of Fear", "slug_title": "espions-sur-la-tamise", "date": "1944-10-15", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, \u00e0 Londres, Stephen Neale est rel\u00e2ch\u00e9 apr\u00e8s un s\u00e9jour en h\u00f4pital psychiatrique. De retour \u00e0 la vie normale, et d\u00e9sireux de go\u00fbter aux joies simples de la vie, il se laisse attirer par le charme et l'ambiance d'une f\u00eate foraine. Apr\u00e8s y avoir rencontr\u00e9 une voyante, il joue et remporte un beau g\u00e2teau. Ce dont il ne se doute pas, c'est qu'il n'aurait jamais d\u00fb accepter l'innocente p\u00e2tisserie qui renferme, en fait, un microfilm destin\u00e9 \u00e0 des espions nazis. S'ensuit alors une course-poursuite engag\u00e9e par les agents secrets du Reich pour retrouver les compromettants documents ainsi que son infortun\u00e9 propri\u00e9taire...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l45TgRZjIUhVI5vewe4zIvxR99j.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Stephen Neale)", "Marjorie Reynolds (Carla Hilfe)", "Carl Esmond (Willi Hilfe)", "Hillary Brooke (Mrs. Bellane #2, spiritualist)", "Percy Waram (Inspector Prentice)", "Dan Duryea (Cost aka Travers the tailor)", "Alan Napier (Dr. Forrester)", "Erskine Sanford (George Rennit, private investigator)", "Harry Allen (Tailor's Delivery Man (uncredited))", "Frank Baker (Scotland Yard Man (uncredited))", "Vangie Beilby (Old Lady at Charity Bazaar (uncredited))", "Evelyn Beresford (Fat Lady at Charity Bazaar (uncredited))", "Aminta Dyne (Mrs. Bellane #1 - fortune teller (uncredited))", "Byron Foulger (Mr. Newby (uncredited))", "Colin Kenny (Scotland Yard Man (uncredited))", "Connie Leon (lady Purchaser of Cake (uncredited))", "Ottola Nesmith (Woman at Admission Gate (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Innocent? Prove it!  \r\n\r\n*Warning: Spoilers*\r\n\r\n\r\nMinistry Of Fear is directed by Fritz Lang & is adapted for the screen by Seton I. Miller from the Graham Greene novel \"The Ministry Of Fear.\" It stars Ray Milland as Stephen Neale, an ex-insane asylum inmate who is released after a two year sentence for what was allegedly the \"mercy\" killing of his incurably ill wife. Upon his release Neale buys his train ticket to London but is drawn to a f\u00eate being held near the rail station. From here, after a bizarre encounter with a fortune teller and a go at a \"guess the weight of the cake\" booth, he is thrust into a world of espionage; a world that sees him now have the Nazis on his tail.\r\n\r\nThe film opens with a ticking clock, the seconds counting down to midnight. Germanesque credits arrive on the screen, telling us of our principal players and film makers. A rear shot of a man sitting in a chair staring up at said clock, that man is Ray Milland as Stephen Neale and we immediately know that atmosphere will play a big part in this story. Things are further made interesting when a trio of interesting points suddenly leap out and force us the viewer to notice. Just what sort of film has its protagonist be released from a mental asylum at midnight? How come the rail station is open after midnight? And more importantly, what sort of f\u00eate is held at this time of night? You could easily be forgiven for thinking you have just stepped into The Twilight Zone some 14 years before it sprang from Rod Serling's brain!\r\n\r\nOf course this being a Fritz Lang film one shouldn't be surprised to find the piece heavy on atmosphere. Yet Lang apparently didn't have it all his own way on the movie, issues about the script and other technical matters apparently blighted the production. But be that as it may, this is undeniably a Lang movie, even if one or two itches stop it from becoming a genuine film noir classic to rival that other well known Greene adaptation that followed four years later. It's a fair point critics saying that the cheap studio sets don't harm the movie, because they don't really. But genre fans surely can't help thinking just how great this could have been with actual location work involved. The main issue is the ending which, without providing spoilers for the readers, is poor in relation to what had preceded it in terms of mood and intelligence. It's all too elementary and a resort to what they obviously deemed was a crowd pleasing formula. Tightness of plot gives way to action-packeroo, and it doesn't sit quite right. I like to think it's here where Lang had the most objection?\r\n\r\nStill, there's so much to admire and enjoy here, not least Milland's excellent performance as the innocent man having a hard time convincing any officials that he's done nothing wrong. He in turn is backed up by the pretty and hard looking Hilary Brooke, who along with Dan Duryea in a small but pivotal role, puts a bit of a sinister film noir sheen on things. Then there is the near expressionistic feel to the piece, with a number of scenes being truly memorable. The whole f\u00eate sequence, with snatches of silence, is a classy bit of disquieting cinema. Or a blind mans walking stick tapping its way thru the rail station steam that carries a sense of foreboding that harks to the Universal Monster classics from the previous decade. There's even real beauty too, check out the camera work at the asylum, sumptuous! With mystery, intrigue, melodrama, Nazis, a cake and a huge pair of scissors, Ministry Of Fear is not to be missed by the classic movie fan. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [22404, 21594, 36786, 14615]}