{"tmdb_id": 214682, "title": "Voyage of Terror: The Achille Lauro Affair", "original_title": "Voyage of Terror: The Achille Lauro Affair", "slug_title": "voyage-of-terror-the-achille-lauro-affair", "date": "1990-04-29", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Genua, 3rd October 1985. Together with over 500 other passengers Margot and Pierre Bergeron, a married couple from France, the Serafinis, an Italian family, Anne Higgins, an Englishwoman, Gitta and Helmut Holzer from Germany and an American couple called Marilyn and Leon Klinghoffer board the 'Achille Lauro'. The mood is cheerful and relaxed, everyone is looking forward to twelve days of sun, sea and peace. No one suspects that there are four Palestinian terrorists among the passengers: Al Assadi, Fatayer, Al Ashker and Molqi, their leader. The ship puts to sea in perfect weather. Three marvellous days follow. Everyone appears to be happy and contented. But in the case of some of the passengers appearances are deceiving. Marilyn Klinghoffer, for example, only pretends to her crippled husband that she is well and happy; in reality she is seriously ill with cancer and knows that this will be her last voyage. She does not want to upset her husband, however. A crisis is brewing between ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gZ0BJ89gu20uAtXCPAT45SPLoOp.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Lancaster ()", "Eva Marie Saint ()", "Renzo Montagnani ()", "Joseph Nasser ()", "Rebecca Schaeffer ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}