{"tmdb_id": 21469, "title": "Across the Hall", "original_title": "Across the Hall", "slug_title": "across-the-hall", "date": "2009-08-27", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Convinced that his fiancee is cheating on him, a man follows her to a hotel and calls his best friend to help him avoid a calamity.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pW5KmiPczwjfPamvC0lqdbiX2og.jpg", "actors": ["Mike Vogel (Julian)", "Brittany Murphy (June)", "Danny Pino (Terry)", "Brad Greenquist (The Porter)", "Arie Verveen (Lucas)", "Natalie Smyka (Anna)", "Guillermo D\u00edaz (The Cook)", "Dov Davidoff (The Bellhop)", "William Stanford Davis (Custodian)", "Erika Ringor (Detective)", "Mark Engelhardt (Officer)", "Chase  Kim (Police Officer)", "Erika Seifred (Dominatrix)", "Cameron Cash (Georgie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Art Deco Neo-Noir has more style than substance?\r\n\r\nAcross the Hall is directed by Alex Merkin and Merkin co-writes the screenplay with Jesse Mittelstadt and Julien Schwab. It is adapted from Merkin's short film of the same name that aired in 2005. It stars Mike Vogel, Brittany Murphy, Danny Pino, Natalie Smyka and Brad Greenquist. Music is by Bobby Tahouri and cinematography by Andrew Carranza.\r\n\r\nThe Riverview Hotel, and Terry (Pino) has rented the room opposite the room where he believes his fianc\u00e9e June (Murphy) is cheating on him...\r\n\r\nAlex Merkin clearly loves film noir and knows his noir onions, this is not in doubt due to the twisty story, characterisations and superb stylistics on offer here. And just in case anyone is in any doubt about this, the keen of noir eye will notice the film showing at the theatre next to the Riverview Hotel is Nightmare Alley, the brilliant Tyrone Power noir pic from 1947.\r\n\r\nOn the style front the production is top draw, Carranza's photography is both beautiful and ghostly, creating a brooding atmosphere befitting the plot machinations. The look is supplemented considerably by Tahouri's edgy pulse like musical score, while the Art Deco design of the Riverview is a splendid accompaniment to dark deeds unfolding.\r\n\r\nAs a story we are served up standard fare, the insertion of twisters and linear jumps not really lifting it out of its predictable trajectory. Which is a shame, because performances are solid and Merkin obviously has love for noir as a film making style. The resolution is expected but handled well enough to pay off the patient, but as a whole Across the Hall just about rises above average, but really this is more down to style than substance. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [106973, 113211, 79876, 39268], "youtube_key": "MHLt3d5DYIk"}