{"tmdb_id": 214974, "title": "Across The Rio Grande", "original_title": "Across The Rio Grande", "slug_title": "across-the-rio-grande", "date": "1949-05-14", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Musique / Western"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Outlaws attempting to kidnap Steve Blaine from a stagecoach are ran off by the sharpshooting of his sister, Sally and rescuers Jimmy Wakely and Cannonball Taylor. Steve is investigating his father's sudden death after charges of theft from the Sloan/Carson mine. Sloan is killed after Wakely learns that ore is being smuggled across the Mexican border into the mine, and then sold at the higher U.S. prices", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1E5SGbMYO3hMLm1CezToNkX8N2t.jpg", "actors": ["Jimmy Wakely (Jimmy Wakely)", "Dub Taylor ('Cannonball' Taylor)", "Reno Browne (Sally Blaine)", "Riley Hill (Steven Blaine)", "Kenne Duncan (Joe Bardet)", "Ted Adams (Tom Sloan)", "Myron Healey (Stage Robber)", "Bud Osborne (Stage Driver)", "Polly Bergen (Polly Burgin (Cantina Singer))", "Bob Curtis (Henchman Gill)", "Carol Henry (Henchman Lewis)", "Dennis Moore (Carson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Steve Blaine Charged With The Murder Of Tom Sloan!\r\n\r\nAcross the Rio Grande is directed by Oliver Drake and written by Ronald Davidson. It stars Jimmy Wakely, Dub Taylor, Reno Browne, Riley Hill and Dennis Moore. Music is by Edward Kay and cinematography by Harry Neumann.\r\n\r\nRunning at just under an hour, Across the Rio Grande is pretty much a quintessential \"B\" Western for the decade it was made. It crams as much as it can into the story and has no ideas above its station. Plot finds amiable Jimmy Wakely and his amusing side-kick Cannonball Taylor in amongst silver smugglers, murder, kidnapping, jail breaks and of course shoot-outs and fist-fights. There's even time for a couple of songs and a magic trick! and a gun phobia angle and also a cheeky locked room murder that adds some meat to the frothy stew.\r\n\r\nProduction value is low and the fights are the kind where the thrown punches miss by about a mile, but this is a pleasant way to spend an hour if your a Western fan purely seeking some time filling light entertainment. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}