{"tmdb_id": 21538, "title": "The American Astronaut", "original_title": "The American Astronaut", "slug_title": "the-american-astronaut", "date": "2001-01-20", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction / Musique", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Le \u00ab Ceres Crossroad \u00bb est un bar de bouseux de la ceinture d\u2019ast\u00e9ro\u00efdes. Les rednecks galactiques s\u2019y retrouvent les samedi soirs pour vider des pils,\u00e9changer des vannes et organiser des concours de danse. Mais ce soir la porte s\u2019ouvre sur le scaphandre de Samuel Curtis, aventurier \u00e0 rouflaquettesvenu troquer un chat contre une \u00ab fille v\u00e9ritable \u00bb. Il ignore que son ennemi jur\u00e9, le professeur Hess, est dans un coin la salle. Et que tout le monde a encore oubli\u00e9 de lui souhaiter son anniversaire\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Ar4NLwah1z2JbLpjPWZdZ3o3m2m.jpg", "actors": ["Joshua Taylor (Blueberry Pirate)", "Greg Russell Cook (The Boy Who Actually Saw a Woman's Breast)", "Rocco Sisto (Professor Hess)", "Cory McAbee (The Silverminer)", "James Ransone (Bodysuit)", "Annie Golden (Cloris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "EmkEyen", "content": "The American Astronaut is a sci-fi musical set in a redneck retro-futuristic space age, had the American frontier continued off the planet. The scenery is of rustique planetary habitats and travel through interplanetary space in an equally rugged vessel. Thematically it is an exposition on families and the inter-family relational space, all of which might be considered unconventional. Visually it is absolutely stunning in beautiful black and white with high contrast that accentuate the grittiness. The soundtrack is excellent and the musical numbers work well too. It is enthralling, it is dramatic, it is funny and it is now on among my favorite films. \r\n\r\ntl;dr 1975 in Warsaw; Young Homer writes a script for his step-brother David Lynch while listening to banned rockabilly albums. There is a worn poster of Gagarin on the wall and a postcard from France from his step-dad, the lorry driver that defected and abandoned them. His mom is singing in the kitchen."}], "recommandations_id": [144943, 126218, 150707, 360069]}