{"tmdb_id": 215722, "title": "Shadows of the Mind", "original_title": "Shadows of the Mind", "slug_title": "shadows-of-the-mind", "date": "1979-08-18", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "2.5/10", "synopsis": "The film opens as Elise is getting released from a mental institution after 12 years of being locked up. She witnessed her mother drown and afterwards was never the same. Her psychiatrist, Dr. Robert Lang believes she is well enough to leave the hospital. He along with his girlfriend Diana escort Elise back to her childhood home. Soon, Elise\u2019s stepbrother Leland shows up. It\u2019s clear that his intentions are not good as he taunts her about her mother\u2019s death. Later, it becomes clear that he wants the entire estate for himself and wants Elise locked back up forever. Elise begins hearing voices and having flashbacks of the night her mother died. Soon, people around Elise get murdered. The killer is a bit of a surprise and the conclusion is awesome. The atmosphere created is fantastic and sits somewhere in-between Don\u2019t Look in the Basement (1973) and Funeral Home (1980). (from http://www.scaredstiffreviews.com/?p=4609)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4kwAWxQl81wVNj8CRBtQobGERn4.jpg", "actors": ["Marion Joyce (Elise Halsted)", "Erik Rolfe (Dr. Robert Lang)", "G.E. Barrymore (Leland Sayers)", "Bianca Sloane (Diana Russell)", "Anthony Frank (Andrew)", "Don Renshaw (Sydell)", "Marcia Watkins (Stepmother)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}