{"tmdb_id": 215889, "title": "WWE Judgment Day 2002", "original_title": "WWE Judgment Day 2002", "slug_title": "wwe-judgment-day-2002", "date": "2002-05-19", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Judgment Day (2002) was the fourth annual Judgment Day PPV. It was presented by 1-800-CALL-ATT, and took place on May 19, 2002, at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. It featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match from SmackDown was a Singles match for the WWE Undisputed Championship featuring The Undertaker challenging Hollywood Hulk Hogan. The main match from Raw was a Handicap match featuring Steve Austin versus Ric Flair and The Big Show. The predominant match from SmackDown on the undercard was a Hell in a Cell match between Triple H and Chris Jericho. The other predominant from Raw was a Singles match for the WWE Intercontinental Championship featuring Eddie Guerrero defending the belt against Rob Van Dam. The other primary match on the undercard was a Hair vs. Hair match featuring Edge against Kurt Angle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gRs5nSKIrYPFGh4Nj4TVJIiNA6N.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Hulk Hogan (Hollywood Hogan)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Steve Austin (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Paul Wight (The Big Show)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Brock Lesnar (Himself)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Rikishi)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy)", "Chuck Palumbo (Chuck)", "Rico Constantino (Rico)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Trish Stratus (Herself)", "Mark LoMonaco (Bubba Ray Dudley)", "Stacy Keibler (Herself)", "Devon Hughes (Reverend Devon)", "Dave Bautista (Deacon Batista)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "bfEzkggnJaE"}