{"tmdb_id": 215986, "title": "WWE Armageddon 2002", "original_title": "WWE Armageddon 2002", "slug_title": "wwe-armageddon-2002", "date": "2002-12-15", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Armageddon (2002) was the third Armageddon PPV. It was presented by Lugz and took place on December 15, 2002 at the Office Depot Center in the Ft. Lauderdale suburb of Sunrise, Florida and featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was a Three Stages of Hell match for the World Heavyweight Championship between champion Shawn Michaels and Triple H. The first match was a Street Fight, the second match was a Steel cage match, and the third and final match (if necessary) was a Ladder match. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was The Big Show versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship. Other matches on the undercard were Chris Benoit vs. Eddie Guerrero, Batista vs. Kane, Edge vs. A-train, and a Tag Team Elimination match for the belts.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dL6wOhS4j9TYSAiITwAZ9XcHaaL.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Lisa Marie Varon (Victoria)", "Trish Stratus (Herself)", "Jacqueline Moore (Herself)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Matt Bloom (A-Train)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Dustin Runnels (Goldust)", "Lance Evers (Lance Storm)", "Darren Matthews (William Regal)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Mark LoMonaco (Bubba Ray Dudley)", "Devon Hughes (D-Von Dudley)", "Paul Heyman (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "7ovbbtwOOVE"}