{"tmdb_id": 21594, "title": "La femme au gard\u00e9nia", "original_title": "The Blue Gardenia", "slug_title": "la-femme-au-gardenia", "date": "1953-03-23", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Norah Larkin est une jolie op\u00e9ratrice de t\u00e9l\u00e9phone qui attend avec impatience le retour de John, un soldat engag\u00e9 en outre-mer avec lequel elle doit se marier. Le soir de son anniversaire, elle re\u00e7oit une lettre de John lui apprenant qu'il ne pourra pas l'\u00e9pouser. En larmes, elle r\u00e9pond \u00e0 un appel t\u00e9l\u00e9phonique de Harry Prebble, un coll\u00e8gue de travail, qui la confond avec sa s\u0153ur et l'invite \u00e0 d\u00eener. D\u00e9prim\u00e9e, Norah accepte le rendez-vous au Blue Gardenia. Harry, qui aime les jolies femmes, ne se laisse pas d\u00e9monter par son erreur et d\u00eene avec Norah. Il saoule la jeune femme avant de l'emmener \u00e0 son appartement o\u00f9 il tente d'abuser d'elle. Norah r\u00e9siste et le frappe avec un tisonnier avant de s'enfuir, laissant derri\u00e8re elle ses chaussures et un gardenia bleu qu'Harry lui avait offert. Le lendemain matin, Norah est incapable de se souvenir de ce qui s'est produit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aUGuFDebd0thBiySCqHXtG5QCdF.jpg", "actors": ["Anne Baxter (Norah Larkin)", "Richard Conte (Casey Mayo)", "Ann Sothern (Crystal Carpenter)", "Raymond Burr (Harry Prebble)", "Jeff Donnell (Sally Ellis)", "Richard Erdman (Al)", "George Reeves (Police Capt. Sam Haynes)", "Ruth Storey (Rose Miller)", "Ray Walker (Homer)", "Nat 'King' Cole (Himself)", "Lela Bliss (Miss Stanley)", "Norman Leavitt (Bill)", "Frank Ferguson (Drunk Reporter)", "Celia Lovsky (Mary)", "Almira Sessions (Cleaning Lady)", "Hugh Sanders (Managing Editor of The Chronicle)", "Dolores Fuller (Woman At Bar (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A Letter to an Unknown Murderess. \r\n\r\nThe Blue Gardenia is directed by Fritz Lang and adapted to screenplay by Charles Hoffman from the short story \"Gardenia\" written by Vera Caspary. It stars Anne Baxter, Richard Conte, Ann Sothern, Raymond Burr and George Reeves. Music is by Raoul Kraushaar and cinematography by Nicholas Musuraca. \r\n\r\nNorah Larkin (Baxter), after receiving some horrible news, ends up drunk and at the mercy of a Lothario in his apartment. The next morning she wakes up with the distinct feeling she may have committed murder. \r\n\r\nMore solid than anything spectacular, this minor Lang is never less than interesting. The Blue Gardenia of the title is a nightclub, one where Nat King Cole no less, sings the title song. However, it's the local newspaper that is the key element of the story, the place of work of ace journalist Casey Mayo (Conte), who gets in deep with the story and of course that means Norah as well. \r\n\r\nThere's some sparky dialogue as the story ticks away, with Sothern (sadly underused) wonderfully waspish, the murder mystery element remains strong enough, while there's dark at work as well (Burr is effectively on a mission to date rape). However, the pairing of Lang and Musuraca should be a dream team, but although there's the odd flash of noir visualisations during night sequences, you can't help but lament more wasn't provided for Musuraca to weave his magic. \r\n\r\nA good show from the cast helps ease the pain of the script's inadequacies, especially as regards the not very clever final revelations. So all in all, it's more a case of a mystery melodrama with noir touches than anything thrilling, and really it's one for Lang fans to tick off their to see lists, not to be visited again. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [22112, 94814, 20942, 21564], "youtube_key": "notfound"}