{"tmdb_id": 215921, "title": "WWE Unforgiven 2002", "original_title": "WWE Unforgiven 2002", "slug_title": "wwe-unforgiven-2002", "date": "2002-09-22", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Unforgiven (2002) was a PPV presented by Castrol GTX that took place on September 22, 2002, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the fifth annual WWE Unforgiven event.  The main event from the SmackDown! brand featured WWE Champion Brock Lesnar fighting The Undertaker to defend the title. The main event from the Raw brand featured World Heavyweight Champion Triple H defending against Rob Van Dam for the title. Four matches were featured on the undercard. The first was a singles match between Chris Benoit and Kurt Angle. The next was Trish Stratus challenging Molly Holly for the WWE Women's Champion. Eddie Guerrero fought Edge and WWE Intercontinental Champion Chris Jericho defended his title from Ric Flair.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iklTXdFPFiVJhPhz8Wv5BjLfGgL.jpg", "actors": ["Brock Lesnar (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Trish Stratus (Herself)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Dustin Runnels (Goldust)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Mark LoMonaco (Bubba Ray Dudley)", "Andrew Martin (Test)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Darren Matthews (William Regal)", "Lance Evers (Lance Storm)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy)", "Chuck Palumbo (Chuck)", "Matt Anoai (Rosey)", "Edward Fatu (Jamal)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "4oMuOyIQmUc"}