{"tmdb_id": 216091, "title": "Maangamizi: The Ancient One", "original_title": "Maangamizi: The Ancient One", "slug_title": "maangamizi-the-ancient-one", "date": "2001-02-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "An American woman doctor comes to Tanzania to work at a hospital for the mentally disturbed, with her Tanzanian lover. There, she meets a sometimes catatonic patient, Samahe, who seems to be in communication with another reality. In their confrontation with their individual and collective pasts, Dr Asira and Samehe are bound by fears and half remembered images of unbearable pain. Only through the spirit of Maangamizi, can the women resume their lives with an understanding of the ancestors and their eternal presence in a world of cruelty, hatred and death. It is a story that seeks to reclaim the connection between Africa and her Diaspora, and one that dares to represent the histories of two continents as it peels away layers upon layers of pain to bring healing of the soul.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8UAUEmHFI7fQrPUbskNan5MXdOl.jpg", "actors": ["Amandina Lihamba (Samehe)", "Barbarao (Dr. Asira)", "Samahani Kejeri (Simba Mbili)", "Waigwa Wachira (Dr. Odhiambo)", "Chemi Che-Mponda (Nurse Malika)", "Mwanajuma Ali Hassan (Bibi Maangamizi)", "Kisaka A. Kisaka (Reverend Waigwa)", "Adam Mwambile (Dr. Moshi)", "Adam Mwambile (Dr. Moshi)", "Mary Chibwana (Patient)", "Ummie Mahfouda Alley (Patient)", "Zainabu Bafadhili (Young Samehe)", "Janet Fabian (Sister Francis)", "Stumai Halili (Patient)", "Mgeni (Young Asira)", "Thecla Mjatta (Zeinabu)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}