{"tmdb_id": 216168, "title": "WWE No Way Out 2003", "original_title": "WWE No Way Out 2003", "slug_title": "wwe-no-way-out-2003", "date": "2003-02-23", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "8.7/10", "synopsis": "No Way Out (2003) was the fourth annual (fifth overall) No Way Out PPV. It was presented by Starburst, took place on February 23, 2003 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec and starred the promotion's Raw and SmackDown! brands.  The main event from the SmackDown! brand was a rematch from WrestleMania X8 between Hulk Hogan and The Rock. The main event from the Raw brand was a World Heavyweight Championship match between Triple H and Scott Steiner. The main match on the undercard from Raw, was the encounter of Steve Austin and Eric Bischoff, while the main match on the undercard from SmackDown! was a Six-man Tag Team match between the team of Team Angle (Kurt Angle, Charlie Haas, and Shelton Benjamin) and the team of Brock Lesnar, Edge, and Chris Benoit, where Edge was unable to participate in the match due to injury.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gAsCrKOgSHvcmgikKQdNb7vO83u.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Dwayne Johnson (The Rock)", "Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Steve Austin (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Eric Bischoff (Himself)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Brock Lesnar (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Charles Doyle Haas II (Himself)", "Paul Heyman (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Peter Gruner, Jr. (Billy Kidman)", "Darren Matthews (William Regal)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Lance Evers (Lance Storm)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "J-nBNp4xhfU"}