{"tmdb_id": 2161, "title": "Le voyage fantastique", "original_title": "Fantastic Voyage", "slug_title": "le-voyage-fantastique", "date": "1966-08-24", "genre": "Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la Guerre froide, les Etats-Unis et l'Union sovi\u00e9tique s'affrontent sur le plan scientifique. Le chercheur Jan Benes d\u00e9couvre une m\u00e9thode permettant de miniaturiser les objets pour un temps ind\u00e9fini mais ce dernier est victime d'un attentat en voulant passer \u00e0 l'ouest du rideau de fer. Afin de le sauver du coma dans lequel il est plong\u00e9, un groupe de scientifiques am\u00e9ricains miniaturise un sous-marin et p\u00e9n\u00e8tre dans le corps de Benes pour le soigner de l'int\u00e9rieur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/seH3oQyyeBe9LOiNhEDGSQG6Iin.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Boyd (Grant)", "Raquel Welch (Cora)", "Edmond O'Brien (Gen. Carter)", "Donald Pleasence (Dr. Michaels)", "Arthur O'Connell (Col. Donald Reid)", "William Redfield (Cap. Bill Owens)", "Arthur Kennedy (Dr. Duval)", "Jean Del Val (Jan Benes)", "Barry Coe (Communications Aide)", "Ken Scott (Secret Service)", "Shelby Grant (Nurse)", "James Brolin (Technician)", "Brendan Fitzgerald (Wireless Operator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces\r\n\r\nA medical and science crew board a submarine and are miniaturised and injected into an important foreign scientist's  body. The mission is to remove a blood clot on his brain that was suffered during an assassination attempt. Once shrunk and in their new bodily world, the team must battle the body's defence systems as well as avoiding trouble with the major organs. Also on a clock of one hour before they return to normal size, they have to also contend with the fact there may be a saboteur on board. This be a fantastical voyage indeed...\r\n\r\nThe crews voyage through the body's bloodstream and beyond is brought to life by the use of some splendidly inventive special effects, something which marks Fantastic Voyage out as one of the more visually appealing genre pictures of the time (winning Oscars for Best Colour Art Direction and for Best Visual Effects). It was also nominated for Best Cinematography, Best Editing and Best Sound Effects. It is in short a tip top tech credits  production.\r\n\r\nBased on the novel written by Otto Klement and Jay Lewis Bixby, the story is both imaginative and totally fascinating from a biology viewpoint, which is something that helps offsets the somewhat staid performances from the cast. However, are we really watching this for thespian delights? No of course not. We want director Richard Fleischer to take us on a perilous journey through the human body, and maybe just give us some suspense into the bargain. That is achieved wholesale, and while the the ending is a little too rushed for comfort, this remains a silly but wonderful filmic experience. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [811, 10514, 3591, 2134]}