{"tmdb_id": 216114, "title": "Yesterday Children", "original_title": "Kahapon, May Dalawang Bata", "slug_title": "yesterday-children", "date": "1999-03-03", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "It is the time of El Ni\u00f1o, a season ruled by superstition and fear. The rain is long in coming, the ground has cracked up dry. The ricestalks are thin and sickly. Villagers go hungry. And a boy dies from a snakebite. The adults splinter. Some pray. Others join a cult to appease earth spirits and wait for the ada, the ricefield spirit goddess of bountiful harvest who dances naked on moonlit nights and signals the need for a virgin\u2019s sacrifice. There are fence sitters, equally pro-church and pro-cult. A landlord\u2019s steward enforces his master\u2019s usury on hapless farmers. A self-righteous priest says rain must first be deserved. Two young women fight for the right to do with their bodies as they please. A bastard boy and a blind girl come of age. Yesterday, they were children.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pwloU6vTwMbLeq9Elnducske6XA.jpg", "actors": ["Ara Mina (Salve)", "Tonton Gutierrez (Fr. Joey)", "Pen Medina (Terio)", "Ray Ventura (Encio)", "Jennifer Sevilla (Daling)", "Eva Darren (Puring)", "Carlo Aquino (Marlito)", "Patricia Ann Roque (Aning)", "Ronnie Lazaro (Nonong)", "Crispin Pineda (Kadyo)", "Gigi Locsin (Tasing)", "Zad Centina (Ado)", "Carol Buenaventura (Sacrificial Virgin)", "Ricky Pascua (Virgin's Father)", "Manny Mendoza (Cult High Priest)", "Jaime Yaneza (Cult Torch-bearer)", "Beto Passion (Barangay Chairman)", "Romeo Fidelson Jr. (Man in Sari-sari Store)", "Manny Rodriguez (Lope)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}