{"tmdb_id": 21636, "title": "Le C\u0153ur \u00e0 l'\u00e9preuve", "original_title": "Love Takes Wing", "slug_title": "le-coeur-a-l-epreuve", "date": "2009-04-04", "genre": "Drame / Western", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A la fin du XIXe si\u00e8cle, aux Etats-Unis, le docteur Belinda Simpson s'installe avec son amie Annie dans le Missouri. Rapidement, elle constate qu'adultes et enfants sont infect\u00e9s par un mal myst\u00e9rieux. Apr\u00e8s avoir diagnostiqu\u00e9 les sympt\u00f4mes du chol\u00e9ra, Belinda cherche un rem\u00e8de \u00e0 cette maladie mortelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n8xMzGQvMLX8th2ndaqSOR6fc8R.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Jones (Belinda Simpson)", "Haylie Duff (Annie Nelson)", "Jordan Bridges (Lee Owens)", "Patrick Duffy (Mayor Evans)", "Cloris Leachman (Hattie Clarence)", "John Bishop (John Pine)", "Lou Diamond Phillips (Ray Russell)", "Erin Cottrell (Missy)", "Annalise Basso (Lillian)", "Time Winters (Gus)", "Bonnie Root (Mrs. Pine)", "Craig K. Bodkin (Sheriff)", "Dave Rodgers (Stage Coach Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 7. The story of Dr. Belinda: Saving the town and the orphanage.\r\n\r\nThe seventh part in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series. Yet another satisfying movie with the convincing performances. I expected this part to take place in a city, but deliberately avoiding those things from happening. One thing from this series is crystal clear, that is the women and their live struggles in the countryside.\r\n\r\nThe story continued, but as usual once again the cast has been changed as the timeline did. After the medical graduation and her husband's death, the mourning Belinda returns to the rural life. In the town where everybody panicked for the sudden deaths, blames for the orphanage. Belinda's arrive brings a new hope, so would she stand and deliver what people are expecting is the remaining story.\r\n\r\nThe movie series is reached at a different level now. Comparing this to the first, not only the cast and characters changed, but the plot as well. So far the story was narrated moving forward to the next generation and their struggle. Now with this, a new view about the society and its causes. Well, there is a romance, but less focused on it to give a chance to explore on the fresh subject.\r\n\r\n> \"I wouldn't be who I was today\r\n> if I hadn't grow-up the way I did.\"\r\n\r\nOf all the films, the cast was the best thing happened. The women were beautiful by appearance and excellent in character display. Particularly in this, Haylie Duff filled that part, but she's only been a sidekick and I hope she will return in the next as well. Because the character Belinda became more serious and professional. Refuses to blend in with the other characters, I mean in the human emotional way, in another word the chemistry is missing.\r\n\r\nThat's not how we remember the women of this film series. They are gentle, caring and liked by the other characters around them. So, feels the change has come, but does it go on like this in the following films is the question. The old lady who runs the orphanage was the main attraction in the performance. That is also my weakness, I always fall for when I see the older people struggle in their lives. The role was small, maybe won't return in the next, but one of the best in the entire series.\r\n\r\nWe have already talked about the deaths, especially the husband's, but the movie without a little girl is also impossible. It is kind of routine, without it the narration won't proceed, because they are the one who is going to lead in the follow-up films. In this the new girl, Lillian was introduced. The girl from one of my all time and favourite children's film 'Standing Up'. It was a wonderful role, but I already began to analyse her character's field of interest, because that's what the next narration going to be.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25182, 30975, 49857, 22488]}