{"tmdb_id": 216348, "title": "WWE Night of Champions 2013", "original_title": "WWE Night of Champions 2013", "slug_title": "wwe-night-of-champions-2013", "date": "2013-09-15", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Following his win over John Cena at SummerSlam, Daniel Bryan lost the WWE Championship to Randy Orton after special guest referee and COO Triple H hit Bryan with a Pedigree. Can Daniel Bryan overcome the modern day corporate Champion Randy Orton to regain the WWE Championship? Plus, Alberto Del Rio defends his World Heavyweight Championship against Mr. PPV himself, Rob Van Dam! Can the former WWE and ECW Champion add the World Heavyweight Championship to his impressive list of accolades? Also, things go from bad to worse for Paul Heyman as he has to step into the ring with former best friend CM Punk! After his crushing defeat to Brock Lesnar at Summerslam the straight edge superstar finally gets the chance to get his hands on Heyman, however he has to get past Intercontinental Champion Curtis Axel first in a two on one handicap match. All the action this year comes from the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nl487pnyaaIUcO5fC6oJyJC6tIy.jpg", "actors": ["Randy Orton (Himself)", "Bryan Danielson (Daniel Bryan)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Joe Hennig (Curtis Axel)", "Paul Heyman (Himself)", "Alberto Rodriguez (Alberto Del Rio)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "April Mendez (AJ Lee)", "Natalie Neidhart (Natalya)", "Brianna Monique Danielson (Brie Bella)", "Trinity Fatu (Naomi)", "Jes\u00fas Rodriguez (Ricardo Rodriguez)", "Colby Lopez (Seth Rollins)", "Leati Anoa'i (Roman Reigns)", "Thaddeus Bullard (Titus O'Neil)", "Frederick Rosser (Darren Young)", "Jonathan Fatu Jr. (Jimmy Uso)", "Joshua Fatu (Jey Uso)", "Matt Bloom (Tensai)", "George Murdoch (Brodus Clay)", "Jacob Hager Jr. (Jack Swagger)", "Claudio Castagnoli (Antonio Cesaro)", "Wayne Keown (Zeb Colter)", "Heath Miller (Heath Slater)", "Andrew Galloway (Drew McIntyre)", "Yuvraj Dhesi (Jinder Mahal)", "Ariane Andrew (Cameron)", "Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah (Kofi Kingston)", "Curtis Hussey (Fandango)", "Danielle Moinet (Summer Rae)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [374529, 399127, 482983, 455362], "youtube_key": "bm1qfuK0Hvg"}