{"tmdb_id": 216675, "title": "Sous l'emprise du mal", "original_title": "Haunting Sarah", "slug_title": "sous-l-emprise-du-mal", "date": "2005-10-02", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Les jumelles Erica et Heather, la trentaine, tout aussi \u00e9panouies dans leur vie professionnelle que familiale, sont rest\u00e9es tr\u00e8s proches. Quant \u00e0 leurs enfants respectifs, Sarah et David, ils sont ins\u00e9parables. Mais un matin, le petit David trouve la mort, renvers\u00e9 par une voiture sur le chemin de l'\u00e9cole. Alors qu'Erica h\u00e9site \u00e0 annoncer la terrible nouvelle \u00e0 sa fille, Sarah lui d\u00e9clare savoir que David est parti... Il le lui a dit en r\u00eave", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8xsOqCtwlfTFvwQcwugPvBYgA6t.jpg", "actors": ["Kim Raver (Erica Rose/Heather Rose)", "Rick Roberts (Edgar Lewis)", "Niamh Wilson ()", "Audrey Dwyer ()", "Gordon Tanner ()", "Alison Sealy-Smith ()", "Ryland Thiessen ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Even the dead have secrets to share.\r\n\r\nA Hallmark Channel horror film that is based on Lisa Grunwald\u2019s novel New Year\u2019s Eve. The plot is based around two identical twin sisters played by Kim Raver, both of whom have 7 year old children called Sarah and David, both of whom have developed a close bond whilst growing up. When David is tragically killed, it becomes apparent that Sarah believes David is still in contact with her, something which causes friction between the twins.\r\n\r\nVery effective spooker this, with decent literary smarts involving grief and the always fascinating subject of identical twins. Raver\u2019s dual performance and that of young Niamh Wilson as Sarah keeps the production on a good footing, while the chills and thrills are capably mounted by director Ralph Hemecker. Not what you would call essential for horror fans, but as TV produced movies go this is a good effort all round. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}