{"tmdb_id": 216603, "title": "Madron", "original_title": "Madron", "slug_title": "madron", "date": "1970-12-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Sister Mary (Leslie Caron) is a nun who enlists the help of Madron (Richard Boone) after she is the only survivor of an Apache massacre. A trio of lecherous bandits try to force themselves on the nun, and Madron shoots two of them to death. The third is made to swear allegiance to Sister Mary in exchange for his life. The Apaches trap the trio and Madron comforts the crying nun, who emerges the next morning sans her religious habit. This is supposedly the first movie filmed in Israel without an Israeli theme. Smoke signals are obviously added in the post-production process, drawing unintentional laughter for this violent and forgettable film.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8lzcCLlegXrHQLgdUA7TzfrZv8n.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Boone (Madron)", "Leslie Caron (Sister Mary)", "Gabi Amrani (Angel)", "Paul L. Smith (Gabe Price)", "Mosko Alkalai (Claude (uncredited))", "Chaim Banai (Sam Red (uncredited))", "Ya'ackov Banai (Sanchee (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well Hell's Bells!\r\n\r\nMadron is directed by Jerry Hopper who co-adapts the screenplay with Edward Chappell from a story written by Leo McMahon. It stars Richard Boone, Leslie Caron and Gabi Amrani. Filmed in Israel and Hollywood, cinematography is by Marcel Grignon and Adam Greenbereg and music is by Riz Ortolani.\r\n\r\nA nun (Caron) survives a wagon train massacre and teams up with a gunslinger (Boone) in a battle for survival.\r\n\r\nI'd like to say that the fact the similar themed Two Mules for Sister Sarah was released the same year is the reason this is little known. But that simply isn't true. For Madron (AKA: His Name Was Madron) is a poor movie, saved from stinker damnation by Boone's fun performance as the grizzled title character. Film consists of Boone and Caron trekking thru the barren sands finding each other as they fight off bandits and injuns in a series of poorly executed action scenes. Script is weak and plot holds no surprises, like wouldn't you know it, once Nun Caron throws off the Habbit, she's a foxy babe! The Israeli vistas hold up as a Western backdrop, but they are barely realised by the photography and the colour is decidedly flat, while the score and title song (Till Love Touches Your Life-Richard Williams & Jan Daley) sounds like something from a soft core porn movie of the 70s. The ending has a decent enough kick to it, and the odd spurt of violence lifts the film out of its stupor; with one scene probably more fitting for Soldier Blue, but really this is only one for Boone enthusiasts. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [249313, 58867, 192162, 282662], "youtube_key": "notfound"}