{"tmdb_id": 217173, "title": "Three Is a Family", "original_title": "Three Is a Family", "slug_title": "three-is-a-family", "date": "1944-11-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Based on a play by Phoebe and Henry Ephron, Three Is a Family is a 1940s farce that frequently substitutes noise for humor. Charlie Ruggles plays a hubby whose bungled business schemes force his wife Fay Bainter to enter the workplace. The couple's daughter Marjorie Reynolds shows up with her twin babies in tow. Son Arthur Lake arrives with his pregnant wife (Jeff Donnell). And overbearing maiden aunt Helen Broderick also decides to move in. Because his wife is away at work, poor old Charlie Ruggles is not only housekeeper, but nursemaid and servant as well. If you like diaper and bottle-warmer jokes, you'll love Three is a Family.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3cBZTHaqS2RjQ8mTqzbMyODTzme.jpg", "actors": ["Marjorie Reynolds (Kitty Mitchell)", "Charles Ruggles (Sam Whitaker)", "Fay Bainter (Frances Whittaker)", "Helen Broderick (Irma)", "Arthur Lake (Archie Whittaker)", "Hattie McDaniel (Maid)", "Jeff Donnell (Hazel Whittaker)", "John Philliber (Dr. Bartell)", "Walter Catlett (Barney Meeker)", "Clarence Kolb (Mr. Steele)", "Elsa Janssen (Adelaide)", "Renie Riano (Genevieve)", "Warren Hymer (Coolie)", "Clyde Fillmore (Mr. Spencer)", "Christian Rub (Bellboy)", "Cheryl Walker (Marian Franklin)", "Christine Forsyth (Delivery Girl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}