{"tmdb_id": 217565, "title": "Return of the Frontiersman", "original_title": "Return of the Frontiersman", "slug_title": "return-of-the-frontiersman", "date": "1950-06-24", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "A sheriff's son is falsely accused of murder, and a friend determines to clear his name and find the real killer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l5eaxwhI8Mf92m4BA7DZJqdSVjQ.jpg", "actors": ["Gordon MacRae (Logan Barrett)", "Julie London (Janie Martin)", "Rory Calhoun (Larrabee)", "Jack Holt (Sheriff Sam Barrett)", "Fred Clark (Ryan)", "Edwin Rand (Kearney)", "Raymond Bond (Dr. J.A. Martin)", "John Doucette (Evans)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There's something amiss in Laramie.\r\n\r\nReturn of the Frontiersman is directed by Richard Bare and written by Edna Anhalt. It stars Gordon MacRae, Julie London, Rory Calhoun and Jack Holt. A Technicolor production with cinematography by Peverell Marley and music by David Buttolph.\r\n\r\nSheriff's son Logan Barrett (Gordon MacRae) gets falsely accused of killing a man he had recently had a bar fight with. On the lam, things go from bad to worse when a man fitting his description is seen leading a bunch of robbers in Laramie County. Tracked by his own father and a posse, Logan must find the real culprits or his days are numbered.\r\n\r\nA good and solid 1950s Oater that contains all the traits that filled out many a \"B\" production during the decade. The colour is gorgeous and the music suitably brisk, and director Bare shifts it along at a decent pace. The story is one of \"the wronged man\", so there's a mystery to be solved, while the requisite fist-fights, posse pursuits, shoot-out and love interest strands fill out the run time. We even get MacRae warbling a tune whilst holed up in the jail. \r\n\r\nThe revelation of the villain will come as no surprise, and the cast are not asked to stretch themselves. While Julie London's character arc is poorly written. But these are small complaints really, because when it hits its straps (the big shoot-out and waterfall fist-fight at the finale) it entertains royally. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72472, 37593, 167769, 270748], "youtube_key": "MTOPB25v448"}