{"tmdb_id": 217650, "title": "WWE Cyber Sunday 2007", "original_title": "WWE Cyber Sunday 2007", "slug_title": "wwe-cyber-sunday-2007", "date": "2007-10-28", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Cyber Sunday (2007) was the fourth annual Cyber Sunday PPV. It was presented by Fathead and took place on October 28, 2007 at the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C. The most important feature of Cyber Sunday is the ability for fans to vote online through WWE.com on certain aspects of every match.  The main match on the SmackDown! brand was Batista versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship. The Special Guest Referee was either Steve Austin, John \"Bradshaw\" Layfield or Mick Foley. The predominant match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between Randy Orton and the fans' choice of either Shawn Michaels, Jeff Hardy or Mr. Kennedy. The voting for the event started on October 9, 2007, and ended during the event.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pptEfzeJkJ3kBuwNJB0gtmaw10P.jpg", "actors": ["Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Edward Fatu (Umaga)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (M.V.P.)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Ken Anderson (Mr. Kennedy)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Dave Finlay (Finlay)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "nHVSjm7zYv0"}