{"tmdb_id": 217628, "title": "WWE The Great American Bash 2007", "original_title": "WWE The Great American Bash 2007", "slug_title": "wwe-the-great-american-bash-2007", "date": "2007-07-22", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The Great American Bash (2007) was the fourth annual Great American Bash PPV. It was presented by Ziddio and took place on July 22, 2007 from the HP Pavilion in San Jose, California and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Bobby Lashley for the WWE Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between The Great Khali, Batista and Kane. The primary match on the ECW brand was John Morrison versus CM Punk for the ECW Championship. The featured matches on the undercard included Montel Vontavious Porter versus Matt Hardy for the WWE United States Championship and Randy Orton versus Dusty Rhodes in a Texas Bullrope match.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qLSMHvd1ZNZY1r4QkWHVTICmyBh.jpg", "actors": ["Bobby Lashley (Himself)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Dalip Singh Rana (The Great Khali)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Virgil Riley Runnels, Jr. (Dusty Rhodes)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "John Hennigan (John Morrison)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Edward Fatu (Umaga)", "Melina Perez (Herself)", "Candice Michelle (Herself)", "Jim Fullington (The Sandman)", "Carlos Col\u00f3n Jr. (Carlito)", "Dylan Postl (Hornswoggle)", "Chavo Guerrero (Himself)", "James Yun (Jimmy Wang Yang)", "Shannon Moore (Shannon Moore)", "Sho Funaki (Himself)", "James Howard Gibson (Himself)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (M.V.P.)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "ZkuxPJT4Rb8"}