{"tmdb_id": 217620, "title": "WWE Judgment Day 2007", "original_title": "WWE Judgment Day 2007", "slug_title": "wwe-judgment-day-2007", "date": "2007-05-20", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Judgment Day (2007) was the ninth annual Judgment Day PPV. It took place on May 20, 2007 from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. This was the first Judgment Day event since 2003 to be an inter-brand pay-per-view, as it featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus The Great Khali for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the SmackDown! brand was Edge versus Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. The primary match on the ECW brand was a Handicap match for the ECW World Championship between Team McMahon (champion Vince McMahon, Shane McMahon and Umaga) and Bobby Lashley.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uJ1yCVwABDWee8lwPgQ6q9mFsC8.jpg", "actors": ["Dalip Singh Rana (The Great Khali)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (M.V.P.)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Lance McNaught (Lance Cade)", "William Mueller (Trevor Murdoch)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Bobby Lashley (Himself)", "Edward Fatu (Umaga)", "Shane McMahon (Himself)", "Vince McMahon (Himself)", "Carlos Col\u00f3n Jr. (Carlito)", "Ric Flair (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "rct5XBEdz60"}