{"tmdb_id": 218043, "title": "Le chaos", "original_title": "Left Behind", "slug_title": "le-chaos", "date": "2014-10-03", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "Fra\u00eechement d\u00e9barqu\u00e9e \u00e0 New York o\u00f9 elle comptait passer quelques jours en famille, Chloe apprend que son p\u00e8re pilote Ray sera absent \u00e0 cause de son travail. D\u00e9\u00e7ue, elle visite tout de m\u00eame sa m\u00e8re tr\u00e8s religieuse et am\u00e8ne son jeune fr\u00e8re au magasin. Soudainement, des gens disparaissent myst\u00e9rieusement, ne laissant derri\u00e8re eux que leurs v\u00eatements. Ce ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne inqui\u00e9tant se produit partout sur la plan\u00e8te, l'avion de Ray n'\u00e9tant pas \u00e9pargn\u00e9. Press\u00e9 de ramener les survivants \u00e0 bon port, le p\u00e8re de famille commence \u00e0 r\u00e9fl\u00e9chir sur cette situation incompr\u00e9hensible, \u00e9tayant des th\u00e9ories sur la foi et sur Dieu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cGTarSmB8TOl2ecRqW0p9stp3f9.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Rayford Steele)", "Chad Michael Murray (Buck Williams)", "Lea Thompson (Irene Steele)", "Nicky Whelan (Hattie Durham)", "Martin Klebba (Melvin Weir)", "Quinton Aaron (Simon)", "Jordin Sparks (Shasta Carvell)", "Gary Grubbs (Dennis)", "William Ragsdale (Chris Smith)", "Stephanie Honor\u00e9 (Kimmy)", "Lolo Jones (Lori)", "Cassi Thomson (Chloe Steele)", "Georgina Rawlings (Venice Baxter)", "Ashton Leigh (Terrified Woman)", "Alec Rayme (Hassid)", "Major Dodson (Raymie Steele)", "Han Soto (Edwin)", "Shanna Forrestall (Checkout Lady)", "Lance E. Nichols (Pastor Bruce Barnes)", "Chelsea Bruland (Young Mother)", "Sabrina Gennarino (Hospital Mom)", "Candice Michele Barley (Mom)", "Judd Lormand (Jim)", "Kamryn Johnson (Katie)", "Choppy Guillotte (Panicked Dad)", "Hawn Tran (Another Passenger)", "Heather Rene Hutson (Mall shopper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to confess that I bought this movie a bit on a whim and my purchase decision was mostly based on the fact that Nicolas Cage was in it. That was a mistake! I should have done a wee bit more research before wasting my money. I did not really have any hopes that it would be a great movie but I at least hoped that it would be a somewhat decent disaster / apocalypse movie. Sadly, it is nothing of the kind.\r\n\r\nThis time I have to side with the people trashing this movie, even the so called \u201ccritics\u201d at Rotten Tomatoes. This is a bad movie. It could have been a half decent movie. The basic idea is perhaps not super original but it could have been made to work. However, it is simply loaded with religious bullshit. Once you filter out said bullshit, which is bloody difficult since you are more or less force fed it during most of the movie, there is really nothing left.\r\n\r\nThe behavior of people are bizarre to say the least. The dialogue is mostly nonsensical. The movies attempt at putting different and original characters, including an obnoxious dwarf, on the plane is feeble. The action and special effects are generally lousy and the attempts to put some thrill and drama into the landing of the plane is laughable. Come on, you see a plane coming, it doesn\u2019t take a genius to figure out that it has no pilot and is flying in a straight line. You are over the Atlantic, a minor course change would have done the job and there was plenty of time. But nooo, the idiot script writer had Cage fly in a straight line like a chicken race until it was too late. And do not get me started on the stupidity of having someone driving down a stretch of highway in a pickup truck knocking over plastic cones to \u201cclear it for landing\u201d.\r\n\r\nThe only reason this movie gets any stars at all is because I do like Nicolas Cage even in a lousy movie like this."}], "recommandations_id": [127493, 297596, 216282, 199373]}