{"tmdb_id": 218491, "title": "My Little Pony Live! The World's Biggest Tea Party", "original_title": "My Little Pony Live! The World's Biggest Tea Party", "slug_title": "my-little-pony-live-the-world-s-biggest-tea-party", "date": "2008-09-16", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "For the first time ever on DVD!  See your favorite ponies in a brand-new, live-action magical musical recorded live on stage!  Pinkie Pie and her friends are planning the World's Biggest Tea Party and every pony has promised to bring something special to make the celebration positively perfect.  As Pinkie Pie arrives at the party, she realizes that she forgot something very important - the tea!  Will the ponies be able to save The World's Biggest Tea Party?  This interactive musical production features fun and exciting sing-along songs that encourage dancing and participation!  Join Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, Rarity the Unicorn and all your pony friends as they learn that teamwork and true friendship always come to the rescue!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eEBA2gNthUF4WTriCYUrby8HTGV.jpg", "actors": ["Kathleen Barr (Sweetberry / Sew-and-So (voice))", "Brian Drummond (Spike (voice))", "Scottie Haskell (Ladybug (voice))", "Janyse Jaud (Pinkie Pie (voice))", "Andrea Libman (Zipzee (voice))", "Britt McKillip (Tra La La (voice))", "Elle Newlands (Ladybug (voice))", "Tabitha St. Germain (Minty / Thistle Whistle / Wysteria (voice))", "Chantal Strand (Tiddlywink (voice))", "Venus Terzo (Rainbow Dash (voice))", "Cathy Weseluck (Rarity the Unicorn (voice))", "Carmela Adams (Pinkie Pie (voice))", "Sheila Murphy (Pinkie Pie (voice))", "Taylor N. Morgan (Minty (voice))", "Danny Mendoza (Rarity the Unicorn (voice))", "Timothy Caouette (Rainbow Dash (voice))", "Elissa Newcorn (Sweetberry (voice))", "Laurie Bloom (Wysteria (voice))", "David Vain (Spike (voice))", "Josh Bourque (Swing Performer (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}