{"tmdb_id": 218687, "title": "The Demi-Paradise", "original_title": "The Demi-Paradise", "slug_title": "the-demi-paradise", "date": "1943-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Ivan Kouznetsoff, a Russian engineer, recounts during World War II his stay in England prior to the war working on a new propeller for ice-breaking ships. Na\u00efve about British people and convinced by hearsay that they are shallow and hypocritical, Ivan is both bemused and amused by them. He is blunt in his opinions about Britons and at first this puts off his hosts, including the lovely Ann Tisdall, whose grandfather runs the shipbuilding firm that will make use of Ivan's propeller. The longer Ivan stays, however, the more he comes to understand the humor, warmth, strength, and conviction of the British people, and the more they come to see him as a friend rather than merely a suspicious Russian. As a romantic bond grows between Ivan and Ann, a cultural bond begins to grow as well, particularly as the war begins and Russia is attacked by Germany.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6oUZlWNPrN8j7lvnj5eYxbxtZwN.jpg", "actors": ["Laurence Olivier ()", "Penelope Dudley-Ward ()", "Marjorie Fielding ()", "Margaret Rutherford (Rowena Ventnor)", "Felix Aylmer (Mr. Runalow)", "George Thorpe (Herbert Tisdall)", "Leslie Henson (Himself)", "Guy Middleton (Dick Christian)", "Michael Shepley (Mr. Walford)", "Edie Martin (Miss Winifred Tisdall)", "Muriel Aked (Mrs. Tisdall-Stanton)", "Joyce Grenfell (Sybil Paulson)", "Everley Gregg (Mrs. Flannel)", "Jack Watling (Tom)", "David Keir (Jordan)", "Miles Malleson (Theatre Cashier)", "Aubrey Mallalieu (Toomes, the Butler)", "John Laurie (Wounded Sailor)", "Brian Nissen (George Tisdall)", "John Boxer (British Sailor)", "Johnnie Schofield (Ernie)", "Marie Ault (Mrs. Jones)", "Alexis Chesnakov (Russian Delegate)", "Mavis Clair (Barmaid)", "George Cole (Percy)", "Harry Fowler (Small Boy (An Evacuee))", "Gladys Henson (Mrs. Frost)", "Wilfrid Hyde-White (Nightclub Waiter)", "Niall MacGinnis (Man on Ship-Dedication Stand)", "Josephine Middleton (Mrs. Tremlow)", "Charles Paton (Mr. Bishop)", "Marian Spencer (Mrs. Teddy Beckett)", "George Street (Heckler)", "Ben Williams (Heckler)", "Ian Wilson (Army Bandmaster)", "Margaret Withers (Mrs. Elliston)", "Jack Vyvyan (Orator in Hyde Park)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [86790, 238730, 36458, 240603], "youtube_key": "notfound"}