{"tmdb_id": 218, "title": "Terminator", "original_title": "The Terminator", "slug_title": "terminator", "date": "1984-10-26", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Los Angeles en 1984, un Terminator, cyborg surgi du futur, a pour mission d'ex\u00e9cuter Sarah Connor, une jeune femme dont l'enfant \u00e0 na\u00eetre doit sauver l'humanit\u00e9. Kyle Reese, un r\u00e9sistant humain, d\u00e9barque lui aussi pour combattre le robot, et aider la jeune femme...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uspqQIN2nyreJKAhhFGpKf7DpTG.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (The Terminator)", "Michael Biehn (Kyle Reese)", "Linda Hamilton (Sarah Connor)", "Paul Winfield (Lieutenant Ed Traxler)", "Lance Henriksen (Detective Vukovich)", "Bess Motta (Ginger Ventura)", "Earl Boen (Dr. Peter Silberman)", "Rick Rossovich (Matt Buchanan)", "Bill Paxton (Punk Leader)", "Brian Thompson (Punk)", "Franco Columbu (Future Terminator)", "Dick Miller (Pawnshop Clerk)", "Joe Farago (TV Anchorman)", "Shawn Schepps (Nancy)", "Bruce M. Kerner (Desk Sergeant)", "Brad Rearden (Punk)", "William Wisher Jr. (Policeman)", "Ken Fritz (Policeman)", "Hettie Lynne Hurtes (TV Anchorwoman)", "Philip Gordon (Mexican Boy)", "Stan Yale (Derelict)", "Leslie Morris (Customer)", "Hugh Farrington (Customer)", "Harriet Medin (Customer)", "James Ralston (Customer)", "Wayne Stone (Tanker Driver)", "John E. Bristol (Phone Booth Man)", "Patrick Pinney (Bar Customer)", "Greg Robbins (Motel Customer)", "Marianne Muellerleile (Wrong Sarah)", "Marian Green (Dancer shot by the Terminator (uncredited))", "J. Randolph Harrison (Policeman (uncredited))", "Darrell Mapson (Bar Patron at Pay Phone with Sarah (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I can't. Nobody goes home. Nobody else comes through. It's just him - and me.\r\n\r\nIt's funny really, writing a review for The Terminator these days just feels a little pointless, I mean anyone who wanted to see it would have done so already. In truth the effects work is a little creaky now but that doesn't matter, they were awesome in 1984. It's a ripper of a story awash with high energy action, rip-snorting characterisations and tech-noir atmospherics. It's place in the pantheon of science fiction films is assured, its influence on the genre undoubted, while the lead cast members cemented themselves in the sci-fi hall of fame.\r\n\r\nNo more needs to be said really, The Terminator is a kinetic live action comic book of a movie, classy movie making, paced to precision and featuring a story that's brilliantly complex and utterly compelling. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Jodie", "content": "Writing a review for a movie this old does indeed seem pointless, but since this is one of my favorite films I thought I would review it anyway. \r\n\r\nIn my opinion The Terminator is a beautiful, yet tragic love story set in the back drop of the future and the past. A soldier from the future is sent to the 80's to save the leader of the resistance (John Connor) mother from a High Tech Cybernetic Killing Machine. We all know that. What I loved was that this soldier, Kyle Reese volunteers for this suicide mission. He volunteers for one reason because, he had fallen in love with this woman, Sarah Connor. Though they were separated by several decades of time and Judgement Day, her son tells him these tales of his mother Sarah and gives him a single picture of her, purposefully pushing Reese to fall for his mother and this is the reason for him traveling through time to do the nearly impossible. Save and protect Sarah Connor to save the human race in the future and kill a super bad ass T-800 with low tech weaponry and a reluctant Damsel.\r\n\r\nBullets flying and bombs booming make this movie highly entertaining. The storyline, ridiculous as it is, is fantastic and had everyone in the 80's and 90's quoting this SciFi film. It's always a good watch. It holds up nicely overtime."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I know saying this puts me in the minority, but the first _Terminator_ movie is actually my favourite of the franchise. That's not a knock on the second movie, _Judgment Day_ is **awesome**. But I really dig the lower down, dark, sci-fi horror vibe of the original (it **is** a knock on every movie in the series that came after _T2_ though).\r\n\r\nSchwarzenegger as the titular Terminator is inspired casting. Firstly, any restrictions he had in acting ability back in the 80s are brushed aside by the fact that he's playing a cold, unfeeling machine. And can you imagine someone who looks like that coming after you? Forget the fact he's got an arsenal in his back pocket, forget the fact that he's got a near unstoppable metal exoskeleton, Arnie is already a machine! Being hunted by that man would be terrifying, and you feel that in the performance of the leads.\r\n\r\n_The Terminator_ is one of the best movies I've ever seen, and I have seen - a lot.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Ridiculously strong appeal. I can\u2019t stop thinking about it._"}], "recommandations_id": [280, 296, 534, 562]}