{"tmdb_id": 219057, "title": "A Simple Case", "original_title": "Prostoy sluchay", "slug_title": "a-simple-case", "date": "1930-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "As a response to criticism for the allegedly excessive \u201cmass appeal\u201d of his  earlier epic STORM OVER ASIA (1928), Vsevolod Pudovkin unleashed his flair  for experimentation in what was supposed to be the director\u2019s first sound  feature. Everything went wrong: technical problems forced him to complete  the film as a silent; viewers were baffled by the lack of a recognizable  plot; then, the ideological climate of the Soviet Union changed. He was  now being blamed for catering to bourgeois taste! Time has come to set  the record straight. Here\u2019s lyrical cinema at its best, deliberately operatic  and yet intimate as it matches the characters\u2019 inner life with the solemn  rhythms of nature, and depicted through breathtaking black-and-white  photography. A sensation at last year\u2019s Pordenone fest, Pudovkin\u2019s  long-forgotten swan song to the art of montage is resurrected by Gabriel  Thibaudeau\u2019s emotionally charged live music performance. \u2013PCU (USSR,  1930, 75m)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/58yDf25twt5ZmGBS02fcL3jxuYI.jpg", "actors": ["Aleksandr Baturin (Langovoy)", "Yevgeniya Rogulina (Mashenka)", "Mariya Belousova (Girl)", "Andrei Gorchilin (Worker)", "Anna Chekulaeva (Worker's wife)", "Ivan Novoseltsev (Vasya)", "Aleksandr Chistyakov (Uncle Sasha)", "V. Kuzmich (Zhyoltikov)", "A. Belov (Grisha)", "Vladimir Uralsky (Wounded soldier)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}