{"tmdb_id": 219094, "title": "WWE Backlash 2009", "original_title": "WWE Backlash 2009", "slug_title": "wwe-backlash-2009", "date": "2009-04-26", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Backlash (2009) was a PPV that took place on April 26, 2009, at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island. The 11th and final event under the Backlash banner, it featured talent from all three WWE brands: Raw, SmackDown, and ECW. The event's card featured seven matches.  The main event consisted of a Last Man Standing match for the World Heavyweight Championship, in which Edge competed against John Cena. The other main match scheduled on the event's card was a Six-Man Tag Team match for the WWE Championship between Triple H (champion), Batista and Shane McMahon, and The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase). Other matches included an \"I Quit\" match between Jeff and Matt Hardy and three singles matches: Christian versus Jack Swagger for the ECW Championship, followed by CM Punk versus Kane, and Chris Jericho versus Ricky Steamboat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ezdHcfoevyJioUxeN5NtbVG63WZ.jpg", "actors": ["John Cena (Himself)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Cody Rhodes (Cody Rhodes)", "Ted DiBiase, Jr. (Himself)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Shane McMahon (Himself)", "Anthony Carelli (Santina Marella)", "Beth Phoenix (Beth Phoenix)", "Milena Roucka (Rosa Mendes)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Richard Henry Blood Sr. (Ricky Steamboat)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Jacob Hager Jr. (Jack Swagger)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "zq9SWmSR09k"}