{"tmdb_id": 219157, "title": "WWE Survivor Series 2009", "original_title": "WWE Survivor Series 2009", "slug_title": "wwe-survivor-series-2009", "date": "2009-11-22", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Survivor Series (2009) was a PPV which took place on November 22, 2009 at the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C.. It was the 23rd annual Survivor Series event.  There were two matches that were deemed the main events of the program. The first was the triple threat match featuring The Undertaker defending the World Heavyweight Championship against the Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show. This was also followed by the another triple threat main event match with John Cena defending the WWE Championship against Triple H and Shawn Michaels. Four matches comprised the undercard of the event. The first was the team of WWE US Champion The Miz, Sheamus, Drew McIntyre, Jack Swagger, and Dolph Ziggler versus WWE IC Champion John Morrison, Matt Hardy, Shelton Benjamin, Finlay, and Evan Bourne. This was later followed by Kofi Kingston leading the team of Christian, MVP, Mark Henry, and R-Truth versus Randy Orton, CM Punk, William Regal, Cody Rhodes, and Ted DiBiase.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9KbpaSeCAQAB5muaHeKmP98hpq4.jpg", "actors": ["John Cena (Himself)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah (Kofi Kingston)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (MVP)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Ron Killings (R-Truth)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Cody Rhodes (Cody Rhodes)", "Ted DiBiase, Jr. (Himself)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Darren Matthews (William Regal)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Mike Mizanin (The Miz)", "Andrew Galloway (Drew McIntyre)", "Stephen Farrelly (Sheamus)", "Nick Nemeth (Dolph Ziggler)", "Jacob Hager Jr. (Jack Swagger)", "John Hennigan (John Morrison)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Matthew Korklan (Evan Bourne)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Dave Finlay (Finlay)", "Michelle Leigh Calaway  (Herself)", "Jillian Hall (Herself)", "Beth Phoenix (Beth Phoenix)", "Layla El (Herself)", "Victoria Crawford (Alicia Fox)", "Mickie Laree James-Aldis (Herself)", "Barbie Blank (Kelly Kelly)", "Melina Perez (Herself)", "Gail Kim (Herself)", "Eve Torres (Herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "CSlNU1RFD7E"}