{"tmdb_id": 220286, "title": "Grand Piano", "original_title": "Grand Piano", "slug_title": "grand-piano", "date": "2013-10-11", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un pianiste de renom abandonne sa carri\u00e8re en raison de son trac paralysant. Il revient sur sc\u00e8ne cinq ans plus tard, mais quand il s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 jouer, il voit qu'une menace de mort est \u00e9crite sur sa partition. Il va devoir jouer le meilleur concert de sa vie pour sauver sa femme...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mezHAShvJW2cNkeOPOimtgjAESR.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Tom Selznick)", "John Cusack (Clem)", "Tamsin Egerton (Ashley)", "Allen Leech (Wayne)", "Kerry Bish\u00e9 (Emma Selznick)", "Alex Winter (Assistant)", "Dee Wallace (Marjorie Green)", "Don McManus (Reisinger)", "Stephanie Garvin (Theatre Guest)", "Mino Mackic (Theater Security)", "Christopher Kahler (Squinchy - The Lords of Uifam band member)", "Benjamin Nathan-Serio (Usher)", "Beth Trollan (Emma's Publicist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A pianist is returning to the stage, but he does not seem so sure that this is a good thing. When he sits down to play, he notices some weird red writing in his playbook. Apparently someone is watching him a bit more closely than the rest, and is in fact ready to kill him and his girlfriend, if he does not play correctly.\r\n\r\nOk, so I didn't pay that much attention to the plot, I actually dosed off for a bit. The plot is just plain boring, and we are given no real insight into the characters, so that we actually care for what happens to them. This movie actually reminded me of a different version of Phone Booth, a movie that I'd much rather watch than this.\r\n\r\n_Last words... there is nothing grand about this movie, the actors have no real characters to breathe life into and the plot has been seen so many times before. This is one concert that you could easily miss... go watch Phone Booth with Colin Ferrell instead. _"}], "recommandations_id": [151368, 176068, 244509, 211065], "youtube_key": "nEoM7bM7KVw"}