{"tmdb_id": 220366, "title": "Where the Spirit Lives", "original_title": "Where the Spirit Lives", "slug_title": "where-the-spirit-lives", "date": "1990-06-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In 1937, a young First Nations (Canadian native) girl named Ashtecome is kidnapped along with several other children from a village as part of a deliberate Canadian policy to force First Nations children to abandon their culture in order to be assimilated into white Canadian/British society. She is taken to a boarding school where she is forced to adopt Western Euro-centric ways and learn English, often under brutal treatment. Only one sympathetic white teacher who is more and more repelled by this bigotry offers her any help from among the staff. That, with her force of will, Ashtecome (forced to take the name Amelia) is determined to hold on to her identity and that of her siblings, who were also abducted.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y5M0ccEeNxKTttByXaNrVpIsDvA.jpg", "actors": ["Michelle St. John (Komi / Amelia)", "Kim Bruisedhead Fox (Anataki)", "Marianne Jones (Komi's Mother)", "Gus Chief Moon (Ka - moos - ee)", "Clayton Julian (Pita / Abraham)", "Margaret Cozry (Grandmother)", "Marge Fox (Anataki's Mother)", "Ann-Marie MacDonald (Kathleen)", "Sean Mulcahy (Priest)", "Sam Malkin (Mr. Crawford)", "Doris Petrie (Miss Weir)", "Chapelle Jaffe (Miss Appleby)", "Tina Louise Bomberry (Asst. Supervisor #2)", "Barbara Wheeldon (Matron)", "John Friesen (Mr. Babcock)", "Heather Hess (Rachel)", "Cynthia Debassige (Esther)", "Franklin Doss (George)", "Darlene Shilling (Rose)", "Sarah Williams (Ruth)", "Patricia Collins (Mrs. Barrington)", "Graham Greene (Komi's Father)", "Rudy Medicine Crane (Rachel's Mother)", "David Hemblen (Reverend Buckley)", "Ron White (Taggart)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}