{"tmdb_id": 220468, "title": "Revelation Road 2: The Sea of Glass and Fire", "original_title": "Revelation Road 2: The Sea of Glass and Fire", "slug_title": "revelation-road-2-the-sea-of-glass-and-fire", "date": "2013-07-12", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "ROAD 2: THE SEA OF GLASS AND FIRE picks up where the first film in the series ends. After the rapture has taken place, JOSH MCMANUS (David A. R. White) is left behind and goes on a journey to find out what has happened and attempts to travel home to find his family. Before he can go anywhere, he is confronted again by the biker gang that harassed him previously and he joins forces with a young girl whose family has been taken up into the sky by God along with other believers. Chasing Josh at every turn is the brutal outlaw HAWG (Brian Bosworth) and his rolling gang of killers. On the day after the Biblical rapture, law and order have broken down - the highways have become a no-mans-land of bandits and looters. Josh's world has been shaken to the core, and he must make a choice, embrace his past as a man of violence, or learn a new path and become a man of faith. Which will he choose?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n78a3IzGFFtCsTVesjGE5oQ6GC3.jpg", "actors": ["David A.R. White (Josh McManus)", "Brian Bosworth (Hawg)", "Logan White (Cat)", "Noell Coet (Beth)", "Eric Roberts (Sheriff Jensen)", "Jen Lilley (Rachel McManus)", "Roberta Bassin (Kathy Jensen)", "Eliza Roberts (Marion)", "Ray Wise (Frank)", "Steve Borden (Junkyard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "clyde e collins", "content": "**Fundamentals, reception.**\r\n\r\n1. American live action feature length film, 2013, NR, 90 minutes, drama, action.\r\n2. IMDB: 4.4/10.0 from 330 audience ratings.\r\n3. Rotten Tomatoes: 'No reviews yet...' and 50% liked it from 112 audience ratings.\r\n4. Netflix: 3.5/5.0 from 88,047 audience ratings.\r\n5. Directed by: Gabriel Sabloff.\r\n6. Starring: David A. R. White as Josh McManus, Eric Roberts as Sheriff Jensen, Brian Bosworth as Hawg, Logan White as Cat, Roberta Bassin as Kathy Jensen, Noell Coet as Beth.\r\n\r\n**Setup and Plot**\r\n\r\n1. This film takes up just after the first movie ends.  There are a few scenes of the Sheriff's home life, and how the Rapture affected it.  Then we get back to the pursuit of Josh by Hawg.\r\n2. There are several flashbacks to explain Josh's fighting abilities.  There are several action sequences of fighting among Josh and allies versus Hawg and allies.  There are other flashbacks to what made Hawg so ornery, cantankerous, and murderous.\r\n3. The overall trend is to push Josh toward being religious and toward breaking his military training.  Hawg's gang is mostly wiped out.  Cat gets free of her father.\r\n4. Josh finds that his wife and daughter have been taken up in the Rapture.  He sets out to do something, which I expect might be explained in the third film.\r\n\r\n**Conclusions**\r\n\r\n1. One line summary: Continues in the Christian apocalypse mostly after the Rapture.\r\n2. Three stars of five.\r\n\r\n**Scores**\r\n\r\n1. Cinematography: 10/10 Fine camera work again.\r\n2. Sound: 8/10 No particular problems.\r\n3. Acting: 6/10  I liked David A. R. White, Brian Bosworth, Logan White, and even Eric Roberts in his short role.  Many of the secondary actors were not so good.\r\n4. Screenplay: 5/10 Long on flashbacks to explain the motivations of characters from the first film.  Again, short of story for a 90 minute movie."}], "recommandations_id": [204456, 37776, 179269, 102792], "youtube_key": "87f64D-W7qo"}