{"tmdb_id": 220533, "title": "Easy Money", "original_title": "Easy Money", "slug_title": "easy-money", "date": "1936-06-13", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dan Adams resigns his position as prosecutor on the district attorney's staff and sets out to clean up a gang of fake-accident racketeers. He gets a job with an insurance company, and assures the company president he will get the goods on the gang or die in the attempt. At the company offices, he meets Carol Carter and she, believing he is a shyster (possibly redundant) lawyer in the employ of the racketeers gives him as little help as possible. Dan visits his brother Eddie, who is mixed up with the gang and tries to make him break away. Eddie is belligerent but finally, because of the pressure brought by Dan and his wife Tonia, agrees to go straight. The gang, led by \"Duke\" Trotti, fears he will squeal and they kill him, plus they make his death look like an accident and plan to collect on it. Dan is closing in on the gang when Carol, who is now his assistant, comes up with some conclusive evidence, but \"Duke\" has plans to get rid of her before she can give the information to Dan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oIWj0PX23NG1naquoD4Rq7Nvpxr.jpg", "actors": ["Onslow Stevens (Dan Adams)", "Kay Linaker (Carol Carter)", "Noel Madison ('Duke' Trotti)", "Allen Vincent (Edward Adams, alias Edward Clayton)", "Barbara Barondess (Tonia)", "Robert Homans (Det. Sam Belden)", "Wallis Clark (Richard M. Curtis)", "John Dilson (Lawyer Rusick)", "Monte Vandergrift (Moxie Malley, henchman)", "John Kelly (Henchman Carney)", "Allan Wood (Henchman Chick)", "Lafe McKee (Henchman \"Pop\")", "Selmer Jackson (D. A. Allen Harrison)", "Robert Graves (Mr. Silweg)", "Henry Hebert (Mr. Johnson)", "Betty Mack (Law Office Receptionist)", "Robert Frazer (Lab Man)", "Broderick O'Farrell (Judge)", "Barbara Bedford (Mrs. Ada Turner)", "Dickie Walters (Johnny Turner)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}