{"tmdb_id": 220611, "title": "Non Plus Ultras", "original_title": "Non Plus Ultras", "slug_title": "non-plus-ultras", "date": "2004-08-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "NON PLUS ULTRAS is a comedy with a social subtext. It takes a satirical look at a short stretch in the life of five \"fans\" of one Prague football club who belong to the hardcore supporters - ultras or hooligans. The gang members' lives revolve around football. They revere their \"world-famous\" English counterparts and uncritically take them as their role models. The undeclared leader of the gang is Bejcak (played by David Novotny), a charismatic young man of around 30 years old with natural authority. He is not stupid; he likes to use foreign words, but always in a slightly unsuitable context. The oldest member of the gang is the lonely forty-year-old Tycka (Vladimir Dlouhy), whom Bejcak took under the gang's wing. Tycka is much older than the others. The stuttering youth Pejsek (Karel Zima) is a fanatic lover of all things \"English\". He is seconded by the none-too-bright Potapec (Michal Novotny) and the agile, wiry Vocko (Matej Hadek), who is constantly devising new loutish exploits.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sfBEQdvIV5qiV7VjXNP9WWizqa6.jpg", "actors": ["David Novotn\u00fd (Bej\u010d\u00e1k)", "Vladim\u00edr Dlouh\u00fd (Ty\u010dka)", "Mat\u011bj H\u00e1dek (Vo\u010dko)", "Michal Novotn\u00fd (Potap\u011b\u010d)", "Karel Zima (Pejsek)", "Jana Hlav\u00e1\u010dov\u00e1 (matka)", "Karol\u00edna Kaiserov\u00e1 (Iva)", "Old\u0159ich Kaiser (Lojza)", "Ji\u0159\u00ed L\u00e1bus (Pepa)", "Na\u010fa Konvalinkov\u00e1 (Yveta)", "Ruth Hor\u00e1\u010dkov\u00e1 (Nikola)", "Jana Mal\u00e1 (Petra)", "Petra \u0160pindlerov\u00e1 (T\u00e1\u0148a)", "John Early (Dean)", "Robert Orr (Lee)", "Richard Kraj\u010do (Chachar)", "Jan Anton\u00edn Duchoslav (v\u00fd\u010depn\u00ed Martin)", "V\u00e1clav Jir\u00e1\u010dek (WC 'd\u011bdek')", "Martin Kavan (Velk\u00fd fanda)", "Martin Stropnick\u00fd (mu\u017e na most\u011b)", "Sandra Pogodov\u00e1 (opil\u00e1 Katka)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}