{"tmdb_id": 220796, "title": "Another Night of the Living Dead", "original_title": "Another Night of the Living Dead", "slug_title": "another-night-of-the-living-dead", "date": "2011-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "1.0/10", "synopsis": "Director Alan Smithee takes us on an irreverent (and unauthorized) romp through George A. Romero's classic Night of the Living Dead, the film that spawned the modern zombie craze and a thousand \"of the living dead\" remakes and rip-offs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1fOpNzFEEanF3ykUwYJAC4f1Q7R.jpg", "actors": ["Karl Hardman ((archive footage))", "Duane Jones ((archive footage))", "Judith O'Dea ((archive footage))", "Sam Ronick (Elvin McBrant)", "Samantha Falk (Judy)", "Stephanie Hovers (Patty)", "Daniel Martin (Radcliffe McBrant)", "Stu Dodge (Newscaster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "KSUMovieGuy", "content": "Half of this is the original Night Of The Living Dead with added sound effects for \"comedic\" effect. Most of the time, it's a fart sound. If you thought Night Of The Living Dead didn't have enough farts, this movie might be for you. \r\nThe other half is a horrible nerd character who is either in completely new scenes or digitally inserted in old Night Of The Living Dead footage. He's annoying & awful. His catchphrase: \"Suck my balls.\" So fucking terrible. \r\nThis is complete trash. Unquestionably the worst Night Of The Living Dead remake/remix/ripoff & easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I can't believe paid money for this shit. Forever in my Amazon video library... awesome."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}