{"tmdb_id": 221087, "title": "My Lover is a TV Villain", "original_title": "My Kontrabida Girl", "slug_title": "my-lover-is-a-tv-villain", "date": "2012-03-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Isabel Reyes (Rhian Ramos) is an infamous soap opera villain in the country. Everyone simply loathes Isabel which makes her the most condemned personality in the world of television. But by some weird twist of fate, Isabel\\'s life turns upside down when she encounters a near-death accident. The wicked antagonist experiences a sudden change of heart and being the top kontrabida of her soap opera, Isabel couldn\\'t just deliver her heartlessness and cruelty in front of the camera. Her over-the-top villainous persona disappears and she finds herself powerless to kick and slap the lead star. Isabel\\'s show hits a major ratings slump and the network advises her to take a break from work with hopes of reigniting her passion. To solve her dilemma, Isabel seeks the help of the biggest kontrabida icon in the country, no less than Ms. Bella Flores. She finds her on YouTube and says that for Isabel to get herself back, she needs to find the person who hurt her the most.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vker58FgClH3qK20vcYzuHawzIW.jpg", "actors": ["Rhian Ramos (Isabel Reyes)", "Aljur Abrenica (Chris Bernal)", "Bea Binene (Joyce Bernal)", "Jake Vargas (Poy)", "Bella Flores (herself)", "Odette Khan (Aunt Marot)", "Bela Padilla (Evelyn)", "Enzo Pineda (Enzo)", "Julie Anne San Jose (Cameo Role)", "Kevin Santos (Kevin)", "Chariz Solomon (Charity)", "Gwen Zamora (Cameo Appearance)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}