{"tmdb_id": 221543, "title": "Poor Little Peppina", "original_title": "Poor Little Peppina", "slug_title": "poor-little-peppina", "date": "1916-03-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Holding a grudge against Robert Torrens and his wife, who live in Italy, a member of the Mafia kidnaps their infant daughter Lois. Fifteen years later, after having been raised by Italian peasants, Lois, now called Peppina, dresses as a boy and stows away on a ship to America in order to avoid a marriage to a particularly loathsome count. While aboard ship she befriends Hugh Carroll, an assistant district attorney, who arranges first-class transportation for the \"boy.\" In New York, she once again meets her kidnapper, who fled to America after the crime. He forces Peppina to maintain the masculine disguise and to pass counterfeit bills for him, for which she is arrested. Peppina gladly exposes the kidnapper's operation to the authorities, one of whom, Hugh, recognizes her as the \"boy\" he met on the ship. Then, once the kidnapper has been apprehended, Peppina is reunited with her parents, after which she and Hugh, who has finally discovered that she is female, get married.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/auAaqCOV7rwNwqjWqUfJr6NSHX.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Pickford (Peppina)", "Eugene O'Brien (Hugh Carroll)", "Antonio Maiori (Soldo)", "Ernest Torti (Pietro)", "Edwin Mordant (Robert Torrens)", "Jack Pickford (Beppo)", "Edith Shayne (Mrs. Torrens)", "Cesare Gravina (Villato)", "William T. Carleton (Detective Chief)", "N. Cervi (Dominica)", "Mrs. A. Maiori (Bianca)", "Francesca Guerra (The Stoker)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}