{"tmdb_id": 221893, "title": "NWA Starrcade 1983", "original_title": "NWA Starrcade 1983", "slug_title": "nwa-starrcade-1983", "date": "1983-11-24", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Starrcade '83: A Flair for the Gold was the first annual Starrcade professional wrestling event. It was produced under the NWA banner by Jim Crockett Promotions. The event took place on November 24, 1983 at the Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, NC and was broadcast on closed-circuit television around the Southern United States.  The main event was a steel cage match where Ric Flair fought Harley Race for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship. Their feud began after Race won the title from Flair in June. Race then offered a bounty to have Flair put out of professional wrestling. In August, prior to the event, Bob Orton, Jr. and Dick Slater attacked Flair, appearing to inflict on him a career-ending injury. Flair announced his retirement, but returned shortly after. The event also included a match featuring Ricky Steamboat and Jay Youngblood against Jack and Jerry Brisco for the NWA World Tag Team Championship and a Dog Collar match between Roddy Piper and Greg Valentine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vZynQ4vuMd0MIer2mzDvRu7cRfO.jpg", "actors": ["Harley Race (Himself)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Richard Henry Blood Sr. (Ricky Steamboat)", "Steven Nicolas Romero (Jay Youngblood)", "Jack Brisco (Himself)", "Gerald Brisco (Himself)", "Roddy Piper (Himself)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Bob Orton, Jr. (Himself)", "Jimmy Valiant (Charlie Brown)", "Akihisa Mera (The Great Kabuki)", "Richard Van Slater (Dick Slater)", "Mark Romero (Mark Youngblood)", "Edward McDaniel (Wahoo McDaniel)", "Lawrence Robert Shreve (Abdullah the Butcher)", "Carlos Colon, Sr. (Himself)", "Kevin Sullivan (Himself)", "Mark Lewin (Himself)", "Garfield Portz (Scott McGhee)", "Kenneth Weaver (Johnny Weaver)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "aG116I6loT0"}