{"tmdb_id": 222037, "title": "The Adventures of Young Indiana Jones: My First Adventure", "original_title": "The Adventures of Young Indiana Jones: My First Adventure", "slug_title": "the-adventures-of-young-indiana-jones-my-first-adventure", "date": "2000-07-10", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Familial / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "When Professor Henry Jones Sr. is invited to give lectures all over the world in May 1908, he takes along his wife and son, and invites his former tutor Miss Helen Seymour to teach Henry Jr. during the trip. Their first stop is Cairo, Egypt. When Junior, who prefers to be called 'Indy' and Miss Seymour visit the pyramids, they are invited by T.E. Lawrence (another former student of hers) to join an archaeological dig. When the mummy disappears and a priceless headpiece is stolen, young Indy gets his first taste of adventure. On their next stop in Tangiers, the family stays with Professor Jones' former class mate Walter Harris. Indy befriends a young slave named Omar who belongs to Emily Keen. The two of them get into trouble when they Indy insists on visiting the market place to see a salted head displayed on a pole. Caught by slave traders, they are end up at an auction from which only Harris can attempt to rescue them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fYSPnTsA4Vj8vUWT7tX68PJV7br.jpg", "actors": ["Corey Carrier (Henry 'Indiana' Jones, Jr.)", "Margaret Tyzack (Miss Helen Seymour)", "Ruth de Sosa (Anna Jones)", "Lloyd Owen (Professor Henry Jones, Sr.)", "Kevin McNally (Walter Harris)", "Rowena Cooper (Emily Keene)", "Ashley Walters (Omar)", "Pip Torrens (Howard Carter)", "Tariq Alibai (Rasheed Sallam)", "Vic Tablian (Demetrios / Claw)", "Joseph Bennett (Lawrence)", "Tony Alleff (Bassam Ghaly)", "Tony Robinson (Pierre Duclos)", "Keith Marsh (Bishop)", "Leon Lissek (Sheik Es-Salih)", "Abderrahim Ben Zbiri (Abdul)", "Abdelkader Alaoui Taleb (One-Eyed Brigand)", "Oliver Ford Davies (Ship's Captain)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [222041, 222039, 222040, 222042], "youtube_key": "xK55pX1c3fQ"}