{"tmdb_id": 22201, "title": "R\u00e8glement de comptes \u00e0 O.K. Corral", "original_title": "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral", "slug_title": "reglement-de-comptes-a-o-k-corral", "date": "1957-05-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Sur la piste d'un d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Ike Clanton, Wyatt Earp, sh\u00e9rif de Dodge City, d\u00e9barque \u00e0 Fort Griffin, petite bourgade de l'Ouest sous l'autorit\u00e9 de l'un de ses amis, le sh\u00e9rif Cotton Wilson. Il d\u00e9chante lorsqu'il apprend que son ami a retourn\u00e9 sa veste et a laiss\u00e9 Clanton s'\u00e9chapper. Il tente malgr\u00e9 tout d'en savoir plus aupr\u00e8s d'une figure notoire de la r\u00e9gion, le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre joueur de poker John Holliday dit \u00ab Doc Holliday \u00bb mais celui-ci l'\u00e9conduit froidement. Plus tard dans la nuit, Doc Holliday qui vient d'en d\u00e9coudre avec le fr\u00e8re de l'une de ses victimes, doit faire face aux foudres de la population, exc\u00e9d\u00e9e par les troubles qu'il provoque. Wyatt Earp, d'abord peu enclin \u00e0 le secourir, finit par lui apporter son aide et participe \u00e0 sa fuite. Wyatt Earp s'en retourne \u00e0 Dodge city, bient\u00f4t rejoint par Doc Hollyday, o\u00f9 d'autres probl\u00e8mes l'attendent jusqu'\u00e0 ce que Clanton fasse reparler de lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lRmGvIWwEWle84zM6XzfcB4jgFu.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Lancaster (Marshal Wyatt Earp)", "Kirk Douglas (Dr. John 'Doc' Holliday)", "Rhonda Fleming (Laura Denbow)", "Jo Van Fleet (Kate Fisher)", "John Ireland (Johnny Ringo)", "Lyle Bettger (Ike Clanton)", "Frank Faylen (Sheriff Cotton Wilson)", "Earl Holliman (Deputy Sheriff Charles 'Charlie' Bassett)", "Ted de Corsia (Shanghai Pierce - Cattleman)", "Dennis Hopper (Billy Clanton)", "Whit Bissell (John P. Clum - 'Tombstone Epitaph' Editor)", "George Mathews (John Shanssey - Griffin Saloonkeeper)", "John Hudson (Virgil Earp)", "DeForest Kelley (Morgan Earp)", "Martin Milner (James 'Jimmy' Earp)", "Kenneth Tobey (Bat Masterson)", "Lee Van Cleef (Ed Bailey)", "Joan Camden (Betty Earp - Virgil's Wife)", "Olive Carey (Mrs. Clanton)", "Brian G. Hutton (Rick)", "Nelson Leigh (Mayor Kelly)", "Jack Elam (Tom McLowery)", "Don Castle (Drunk Cowboy in Longbranch Saloon)", "Colin Kenny (Barfly)", "Bert Stevens (Party Guest)", "Arthur Tovey (Barfly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Doc and Wyatt.\r\n\r\nThe Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, Wednesday, October 26, 1881, gets an all star glossy Hollywood telling. Directed by John Sturges and adapted by Leon Uris from an article written by George Scullin. It stars Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Rhonda Fleming, Jo Van Fleet, John Ireland and Lyle Bettger. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Charles B. Lang Junior.\r\n\r\nI don't want any part of him. I don't even like him.\r\n\r\nActually The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral as a title is something of a bum steer, for Sturges' two hour movie gives up just over five minutes to the actual event that continues to fascinate over 130 years later. In fact, for such a glorious sounding title, it's arguably surprising that there is very little action in the movie. For what unfolds in that two hour running time is what director (Sturges would be bemused by its success and ten years later took another stab at the legend and made Hour of the Gun) and leading actors agreed was a very talky movie, the emphasis is on a friendship, a love really, between John Henry \"Doc\" Holliday and Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp. This is one of the Western genre's greatest \"buddy-buddy\" movies. \r\n\r\nListen, preacher, being here is causing me a lot of embarrassment. Some people are even taking me for a lawman.\r\n\r\nIn spite of its talky nature and being very much a \"town\" Western, the film was hugely successful and became a leading forerunner for all star Westerns. It wasn't all sweetness and light, mind. In the beginning Douglas had already turned down the role of Earp before accepting the part of Holliday (Bogart was close, Palance and Widmark also considered) and Lancaster had to be \"bribed\" to take on the role of Wyatt (being pretty vociferous about the talky nature of the screenplay). The two leading men were initially at odds with each other, but they would form a respectful friendship from here on in and their chemistry as Doc and Wyatt is why the film succeeds as a \"literate\" piece. \r\n\r\nAll gunfighters are lonely. They live in fear. They die without a dime, a woman or a friend. \r\n\r\nIt has a mixed reputation amongst Western aficionados, which is understandable. Some of the dialogue is cheesy and the likes of Fleming and DeForest Kelley are in turn badly written and under used. There's also the historical fudging of the story and the sparsity of landscape photography, the latter of which a crime given it's a VistaVision Technicolor production. The town set designs often look artificial, a problem since 90% of the picture is set to town background, but if viewed as a story of a friendship set to the famous shoot-out, it strikes all the right notes; including Frankie Laine's warbling of the clippy cloppy catchy title tune. It should have been titled Doc and Wyatt, though. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [14677, 6644, 11897, 14881], "youtube_key": "xhvD9zcPXU4"}