{"tmdb_id": 22356, "title": "L'ange et le mauvais gar\u00e7on", "original_title": "Angel and the Badman", "slug_title": "l-ange-et-le-mauvais-garcon", "date": "1947-02-15", "genre": ["Romance / Western"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Quirt Evans, un pistolero bless\u00e9 lors d'une course-poursuite avec une bande de cavaliers arm\u00e9s, est sauv\u00e9 d'une mort certaine par les bons soins de Penelope Worth, une fille de quakers, qui ne tarde pas \u00e0 tomber amoureuse du charismatique cow-boy. D\u00e9sormais redevable de sa vie et sensible aux preuves d'affection de la jeune femme, Evans est confront\u00e9 \u00e0 un cruel choix de vie, entre sa vie d\u00e9brid\u00e9e de petit brigand et celle que lui offre la douce et raisonnable Penelope au sein de sa famille et de son id\u00e9al de vie laborieuse, calme et pieuse...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tbnte13MT1mke828R0rKmNZ41G6.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Quirt Evans)", "Gail Russell (Penelope Worth)", "Harry Carey (Marshal Wistful McClintock)", "Bruce Cabot (Laredo Stevens)", "Irene Rich (Mrs. Worth)", "Lee Dixon (Randy McCall)", "Stephen Grant (Johnny Worth)", "Tom Powers (Dr. Mangram)", "Paul Hurst (Frederick Carson)", "Olin Howland (Bradley (as Olin Howlin))", "John Halloran (Thomas Worth)", "Joan Barton (Lila Neal)", "Craig Woods (Ward Withers)", "Marshall Reed (Nelson)", "Kenne Duncan (Gambler (uncredited))", "Bert Moorhouse (Gambler (uncredited))", "Paul Fix (Mouse Marr (uncredited))", "Pat Flaherty (Baker Brother (uncredited))", "Hank Worden (Townsman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What about the Bible? You can't throw it away, that would be bad luck.\r\n\r\nAngel and the Badman is written and directed by James Edward Grant. It stars John Wayne, Gail Russell, Harry Carey, Bruce Cabot, Irene Rich, Lee Dixon and Stephen Grant. Music is by Richard Hageman and cinematography by Archie J. Stout.\r\n\r\nQuirt Evans (Wayne), a notorious gunman is hurt and on the run. Taken in by The Worth's, a Quaker family, Quirt forms a \"special\" bond with daughter Penelope (Russell). With the law and other badmen on his tail, will Quirt change his ways before it's too late? \r\n\r\nJohn Wayne's first film as a producer and star is also his most romantic. That's not to say it lacks action or Wayne's fine tuning of his macho image is halted, because that's not the case, but this carries a dreamy like old fashioned value that has helped the film endear over the years. It's a touch too slow at times for its own good and runs for ten minutes longer than was needed, things that no doubt stunted its financial growth at the 1947 box office, but there is much to enjoy here.\r\n\r\nTechnical values are high, from Stout's photography that beautifully realises locations in Sedona, Arizona (Monument Valley standing out, naturally!), to cast performances from Carey, Wayne and the gorgeous Miss Russell (chemistry unbound between the three actors), film never lacks for quality. Memorable scenes are plenty, such as The Duke sitting in a chair facing down three henchmen led by Cabot's Laredo Stevens; his gun empty, a free-for-all punch up in a saloon, and some very tender moments between Wayne and Russell. While narratively there's the deft pitching of Quaker values into a wild west setting.\r\n\r\nA lovely film which also manages to pump the adrenaline as well. 7.5/10\r\n\r\nDVD version viewed was Region 2 taken out of the John Wayne Out West 6 film Box Set. A good quality black and white print."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1947 and written & directed by James Edward Grant, \u201cAngel and the Badman\u201d is a Western starring John Wayne as a gunslinger in Arizona who finds temporary sanctuary with some pacifistic Quakers. And maybe love too with the beautiful daughter (Gail Russell). Bruce Cabot plays the gunman\u2019s nemesis while Harry Carey plays the aged-but-still-formidable marshal. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s too bad that this was shot in B&W because the locations are spectacular. Wayne was facing his 40th birthday when this was filmed, which is funny because the daughter\u2019s mother (Irene Rich) keeps referring to how \u201cyoung\u201d he is. In any case, John was lean and relatively youthful-looking. On the other side of the spectrum, Gail is utterly stunning with her captivating eyes. Speaking of the feminine cast, saloon girls Joan Barton and Rosemary Bertrand are nothing to sneeze at. \r\n\r\nOne problem is that the romance is too blatant and develops way too quickly. But there are a few praiseworthy action sequences. One notable scene involves a couple in a wagon going off a cliff into a body of water. \r\n\r\nThe subtext relays three philosophies on violence: (1.) living it as a lifestyle, (2.) resorting to violence only when justifiable and more peaceful ways have been attempted or (3.) relying completely on nonviolent methods. Needless to say, the middle position is the best one and is, in fact, what the New Testament supports.                 \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hours & 40 minutes and was shot entirely in Arizona (Sedona, Monument Valley & Flagstaff). \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [15266, 94176, 6529, 17761], "youtube_key": "kw9Hi8le_Cg"}