{"tmdb_id": 223611, "title": "The Yellow Mountain", "original_title": "The Yellow Mountain", "slug_title": "the-yellow-mountain", "date": "1954-11-16", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "A formula brawling-buddies western where one goes bad and then returns to the fold. Pete Menlo owns some gold claims in Nevada where he is joined by his old friend Andy Martin. Crooked mine-owner Bannon wants to merge their interests so they can create a monopoly but is turned down. Pete is interested in \"Nevada\" Wray, daughter of mine-owner \"Jackpot\" Wray, but she has eyes only for Andy. The rejected Pete joins forces with Bannon and they learn that, because of location, \"Jackpot\" Wray may be the owner of all the gold in the respective veins. Bannon and his men try to get rid of Andy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6drnnUm3qHlt5NrFuC4SqDNnl1m.jpg", "actors": ["Lex Barker (Andy Martin)", "Mala Powers (Nevada Wray)", "Howard Duff (Pete Menlo)", "William Demarest (Jackpot Wray)", "John McIntire (Bannon (as John Mc.Intyre))", "Leo Gordon (Drake)", "Dayton Lummis (Geraghty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "War of the Mines! \r\n\r\nThe Yellow Mountain is directed by Jesse Hibbs and collectively written by George Zuckerman, Russell Hughes, Robert Blees and Harold Channing Wire. It stars Lex Barker, Mala Powers, Howard Duff, William Demarest, John McIntire and Leo Gordon. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by George Robinson. \r\n\r\nThe yellow mountain of the title is in Goldfield, Nevada, and there is gold up there in that thar mountain. There are two local factions in opposition for mining superiority, something is clearly going to have to give... \r\n\r\nShe thinks I'm a philanthropist. \r\n\r\nLovely tidy Oater this one, it's for the discerning Western fan who has a love for the 1950s boon of the genre. It begins with a fun punch - up as Barker's Andy Martin arrives in town and renews his fremeny relationship with Duff's Pete Menlo, and of course the presence of the gorgeous Nevada Wray (Powers) muddies the testosterone waters still further. Uneasy alliances will be formed and director Hibbs slots in some Western staples (chase/fights/stare-downs etc) as the story progresses, with some very nifty stunt work into the bargain. \r\n\r\nTechnical credits are way above average. Barker has left Tarzan behind and is playing cowboy, and he's OK, but more of a presence than a fleshy character. Main problem for Barker is the strength of the supporting cast who outshine him. McIntire and Gordon are the weasels, which is always a bonus for Western fans, while Duff and Demarest, the latter of which owns the film, give great character driven turns. With nice outdoor scenery photographed around the Mojave Desert and appealing costuming on show, production is as safe as a brick out-house. \r\n\r\nStoic fans of Westerns will know exactly where it's all going to end up, but formula is fine if the journey is fun and engaging, such is the case here. It isn't going to make anyone's top 100 Westerns list, but genre fans should catch it if they can. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [148109, 130101, 111736, 179855], "youtube_key": "notfound"}