{"tmdb_id": 223694, "title": "This Can't Be Love", "original_title": "This Can't Be Love", "slug_title": "this-can-t-be-love", "date": "1994-03-13", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "This Can't Be Love is a 1994 American television movie directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Katharine Hepburn and Anthony Quinn. The stars play two aging actors who had a brief but intense marriage in the 1940s, and are reunited decades later to find that issues between them are not resolved. The film makes references to Hepburn's real career and personality, for instance starring in a Western with John Wayne. Hepburn was 86 and Quinn was 78 when they made the film. Supporting parts are played by Jason Bateman and Jamie Gertz.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zWJq4UrIyrYCjRdUcjLqBy2ljq0.jpg", "actors": ["Katharine Hepburn (Marion Bennett)", "Anthony Quinn (Michael Reyman)", "Jami Gertz (Sarah)", "Lynda Boyd (Latrice)", "Michael Feinstein (The Piano Player)", "Maxine Miller (Wilma)", "Jason Bateman (Grant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "stugood", "content": "Early on we can virtually glimpse the \"feel-good\" (knock me over the # head) inevitable ending, but it's the all-too floral and busy music score that truly puts the boot in, completely sealing this film's fate. \r\n\r\nHere, moments from Katharine Hepburn's semi-fictionalised later life could have played more dramatic and tender, but are instead punctuated with jubilant wind instruments taking us by full-force into a tonally confused realm of lightheartedness. Any tension or depth is cut dead with an incessant noodling of notes which writes every plot development off as something purely whimsical. At one point, Hepburn's elderly character ends up in a jail cell and it's all laughs, apparently, from beginning to end. \r\n\r\nSome films can be too bleak - 'This Can't Be Love' suffers the reverse dilemma. A lot of wind and too much dismissed poignancy is largely the result of misguided music direction to an otherwise modest idea. I felt as if I could have vomited a flute or clarinet by the end of it. "}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}