{"tmdb_id": 223702, "title": "Sausage Party, la vie priv\u00e9e des aliments", "original_title": "Sausage Party", "slug_title": "sausage-party-la-vie-privee-des-aliments", "date": "2016-07-11", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre \u00e9chapp\u00e9e d'un sac de courses, une petite saucisse s'embarque dans une dangereuse qu\u00eate pour d\u00e9couvrir les origines de son existence...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7FKGFjzNwlnTQBbIa5PJYpCg9TG.jpg", "actors": ["Seth Rogen (Frank / Sergeant Pepper (voice))", "Kristen Wiig (Brenda (voice))", "Jonah Hill (Carl (voice))", "Bill Hader (Firewater / Tequila / El Guaco (voice))", "Michael Cera (Barry (voice))", "James Franco (Druggie (voice))", "Danny McBride (Honey Mustard (voice))", "Craig Robinson (Grits (voice))", "Paul Rudd (Darren (voice))", "Nick Kroll (Douche (voice))", "David Krumholtz (Lavash (voice))", "Edward Norton (Sammy Bagel Jr. (voice))", "Salma Hayek (Teresa Taco (voice))", "Anders Holm (Troy (voice))", "Scott Underwood (Gum / Twink / Krinkler's Chips / Pizza (voice))", "Sugar Lyn Beard (Baby Carrot / Cookies (voice))", "Conrad Vernon (Toilet Paper / Sauerkraut / Catcall Sausage / Grape #1 / Beer Can / Pop Bottle (voice))", "Ian James Corlett (Apple / Tickilish Licorice / Relish / Bag of Dog Food (voice))", "Michael Daingerfield (Chunk Munchers Cereal / Light Bulb / Indian Chutney (voice))", "Jason Simpson (Plum #2 / Beer Keg / Fat Guy / Fit Man (voice))", "Vincent Tong (Pislitz Chips / Juice Box / Jamaican Rum (voice))", "Karen E. Wright (Diner Waitress)", "Lauren Miller (Camille Toh / Tampon (voice))", "Sam Vincent (Old Pork Sausage / Refried Beans / Sandwich / Pop Tart / Licorice Rope (voice))", "Greg Tiernan (Potato / Noodle Soup (voice))", "Brian Dobson (Italian Tomato / Lettuce (voice))", "Harland Williams (Ketchup / Drug Dealer / Baba Ganoush (voice))", "Alistair Abell (Mariachi Salsa / Gefilte Fish (voice))", "Iris Apatow (Berry Good Candies / Grape #3 / Coconut Milk (voice))", "Michael Dobson (Queso (voice))", "Ian Hanlin (Beet (voice))", "Maryke Hendrikse (Popped Cherry Mixer / Plum #1 / Loretta Bun / Frozen Fruitz (voice))", "Nicole Oliver (Sally Bun / Ice Cream / Watermelon / Female Shopper #1 (voice))", "Kelly Sheridan (Roberta Bun / Grape #2 / Female Shopper #2 (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "If you've watched the red band trailer, you've seen everything worthwhile that _Sausage Party_ has to offer.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An uprising to liberate it the supermarket.**\r\n\r\nHow many R rated animated films have you seen? This is not a hentai, but the Hollywood's rare animated-adult-comedy. Most of the big names are here, especially the young generation. The film took me by a surprise. I did not know when it was made and what its genre, but the posters made me very curious the with double meaning punchlines. It was a silly story, something like a parody of Pixar's 'Toy Story', but a very enjoyable film as it is a rare product.\r\n\r\nIf you check the last two decade's records, the animation films tore apart the live-action films in the box office clash. It is shocking, but the fact that animations make good revenue. This film is a trend setter in animation genre that targets the adult audience. Like Hollywood found its counterpart from the Japanese hentai. It just cost only $20 million to make and the production quality was not very standard, but acceptable. Hope there will be more like this in the future, but I would seek a sequel for this.\r\n\r\nSeth Rogen was the main man behind this film. The rest of the cast too was good. Nothing but theirs voice lending made all the difference, especially you would know who were who, while a watch, that kind of familiar it was. The story of supermarket products from all the categories who fight for their freedom.\r\n\r\nI really enjoyed, it was short too, as well as a fast narration with some good adult jokes. There are a couple of negatives about it, like the first one was there's no innovation in it, like it is very familiar, but a different kind of comedy. And the next one was all the characters, I mean the supermarket products are American. So if you are a non-American, nearly 90 per cent you won't get what those items are. The adults should watch this, because I don't know when you will get another one like this in the future. So I definitely favour it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb47633491", "content": "I got yelled at in the theater for snoring around the 70 minute mark. I didn't know I snored until Sausage Party. All I really saw were the intro scenes and an orgy at the end. The theater had more comfortable seating than I'm used to, and I just want to say I'm truly sorry to anyone around me that I disturbed"}], "recommandations_id": [325133, 153518, 328111, 308266]}