{"tmdb_id": 223958, "title": "Lost on Purpose", "original_title": "Lost on Purpose", "slug_title": "lost-on-purpose", "date": "2013-10-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Our story takes place in the fertile, San Joaquin Valley. Fueled by gin and sheer determination, Elizabeth James (Ms. Liz) operates her third generation dairy farm outside the region's domineering co-ops. To help keep the place afloat, she's employed five renegade ranch hands. These boys have put a pin in responsibility and opted to stretch out the party as long as possible. Unfortunately, women, booze, and fisticuffs can only lead to one outcome: trouble. With the dairy farm reporting its third straight deficit year, Ms Liz is attracting some unwanted attention. Delbert Furgeson, the owner of the area's largest co-op, is pushing to buy her out. This only incenses the prideful Ms Liz and starts a volatile feud between the two. Sharing the narrative are the ranch hands.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uPNEx8Govh5Kg004aPOzTmWzUJK.jpg", "actors": ["Jane Kaczmarek (Ms. Liz)", "C. Thomas Howell (Delbert Furgeson)", "James Lafferty (Fever)", "Aaron Hill (D-1)", "Dale Dickey (Retta Lee)", "Michelle Lang (Shelly)", "Octavia Spencer (Nurse Keller)", "Jack Kehler (Barry Kitchanski)", "Leon Russom (Gene Lee)", "Jeremy Ratchford (Phill Noff)", "Janet Gunn (Arlene)", "Michael Lawson (Prototype)", "Tom Fugedi (The Colonel)", "Peter Donovan (Shotgun)", "Michael Patrick McGill (Lumber Junction Manager)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "6-7eZqO_2oc"}