{"tmdb_id": 22390, "title": "Le trouillard du far-west", "original_title": "Pardners", "slug_title": "le-trouillard-du-far-west", "date": "1956-08-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Les fils d'anciens associ\u00e9s d'un ranch, Slim Mosely (Dean Martin) et Wade Kingsley (Jerry Lewis), ont grandi dans des mondes diff\u00e9rents. Ayant besoin d'aide pour sauver son ranch de propri\u00e9taires terriens avides, Slim part pour Manhattan \u00e0 la recherche de Wade le millionnaire. Mais une fois arriv\u00e9 dans l'ouest, ce citadin gaffeur apprend \u00e0 devenir un vrai cowboy au moment o\u00f9 lui et son nouveau partenaire font r\u00e9gner l'ordre dans la ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1CC9Ps5TzzuCe1c9RwsAP9IySkY.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Martin (Slim Mosely Jr. / Slim Mosely Sr.)", "Jerry Lewis (Wade Kingsley Jr. / Wade Kingsley Sr.)", "Lori Nelson (Carol Kingsley)", "Jeff Morrow (Pete Rio)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Whitey)", "Lee Van Cleef (Gus)", "Jack Elam (Pete)", "John Baragrey (Dan Hollis / Sam Hollis)", "Agnes Moorehead (Mrs. Matilda Kingsley)", "Milton Frome (Hawkins, the Butler)", "Richard Aherne (Chauffeur)", "Scott Douglas (Salvin)", "Jackie Loughery (Dolly Riley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Almost a buckskin beauty.\r\n\r\nPardners is the 15th of the 16 feature length pictures that Dean Martin & Jerry Lewis made together. It'a a reworking of the 1936 Bing Crosby film, Rhythm On The Range, which just like this remake was directed by Norman Taurog. Plot sees the comedy duo playing sons of one time wild west partners. Brought together by accident 25 years later, the boys head out west and get into all sorts of scrapes; with Jerry even becoming sheriff! It was inevitable that Martin & Lewis would end up out west playing cowboys since all the comedy duos do it. The timing here was perfect since the 50s was the most prolific decade for the genre. On the list of their collaborations Pardners probably sits some where in the middle, it's a safe mix of songs and buffoonery, with pretty girls represented by Jackie Loughery & Lori Nelson. It's a VistaVision/Technicolor production and songs featured are \"Me 'n You 'n the Moon,\" \"The Wind! The Wind!\" \"Buckskin Beauty\" and \"Pardners,\" (music by Jimmy Van Heusen, lyrics by Sammy Cahn).\r\n\r\nSafe & colourful comedy fare for fans of the successful duo. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42581, 53581, 39016, 41028]}