{"tmdb_id": 2240, "title": "Unterm Birnbaum", "original_title": "Unterm Birnbaum", "slug_title": "unterm-birnbaum", "date": "1973-11-16", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Abel Hradscheck, the owner of an inn in the Oderbruch country, faces financial ruin. For this state of affairs, Ursula, his wife and former actress, is by no means free of blame. She is a \"newcomer\" to the area and even after eleven years in the area, still a \"stranger\". A Cracow company announces that a money-collector is on his way to the innkeeper. Mr. Szulski arrives and the debts are settled - with money supposedly stemming from an inheritance. The next day, Szulski departs but according to the maid and the stable-boy, behaves in a very strange manner. Soon afterwards, his carriage is discovered in the Oder River, but there is no trace of the drowned man. Hradscheck's neighbor starts casting suspicion on the innkeeper. The Counselor of Justice, who heads the investigations has the spot under the pear tree dug out. A dead body is exhumed...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aYgYtW0iGZvhjX6y5f0eOGzK2DO.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Aust (Georg)", "Angelica Domr\u00f6se (Ursula Hradschek)", "Norbert Christian (Pfarrer Eccelius)", "Matthias G\u00fcnther (Ede)", "Gert G\u00fctschow (M\u00fcller Quass)", "Hannjo Hasse (Justizrat Vowinkel)", "J\u00fcrgen Holtz (Jakob)", "G\u00fcnter Junghans (Bauer Mietzel)", "Manfred Karge (Bauer Kunicke)", "Erik S. Klein (Abel Hradschek)", "Agnes Kraus (Mutter Jeschken)", "Karla Runkehl (Male)", "Heinz Peter Scholz (Dorfschulze Woytasch)", "Angelika Waller (Frau Mietzel)", "J\u00fcrgen Frohriep (Gendarm Geelhaar)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}