{"tmdb_id": 224247, "title": "A Girl of the Limberlost", "original_title": "A Girl of the Limberlost", "slug_title": "a-girl-of-the-limberlost", "date": "1934-10-14", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Elnora Comstock is the badly abused daughter of Katherine Comstock, who blames her because her father was drowned while on the way home the night she was born. She finds her comfort with Margaret and Westley Sinton, a childless neighboring couple, who help her with her school costs, as does the wealthy Mrs. Parker, who takes an interest in the talented young girl. She meets and falls in love with Phillip Ammon, the nephew of Dr. Ammon, but learns that he is already engaged. The money that Elnora has saved for her college education is stolen, and when Mrs. Comstock goes to retrieve it from a suspect, she also learns of the duplicity of her husband, who had been courting a neighboring woman on the night he drowned. She begs forgiveness of Elnora, and the romance of Elnora and Phillip also begins to flourish.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1Xq7IbNkAJZNQJvA4uSQ5uymjgR.jpg", "actors": ["Louise Dresser (Katherine Comstock)", "Ralph Morgan (Wesley Sinton)", "Marian Marsh (Elnora Comstock)", "Henry B. Walthall (Dr. Amon)", "Edward Nugent (Phillip Ammon)", "Gigi Parrish (Edith Carr)", "Helen Jerome Eddy (Margaret Sinton)", "Betty Blythe (Mrs. Parker)", "Barbara Bedford (Elvira Carney)", "Robert Ellis (Frank Comstock)", "Tommy Bupp (Billy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}