{"tmdb_id": 22440, "title": "La Fille de Dracula", "original_title": "Dracula's Daughter", "slug_title": "la-fille-de-dracula", "date": "1936-05-11", "genre": ["Drame / Fantastique / Horreur"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Le Professeur Van Helsing est susceptible d'\u00eatre poursuivi pour le meurtre de Dracula. Mais une femme vole le corps et le br\u00fble. Des cadavres vid\u00e9s de leur sang commencent alors \u00e0 appara\u00eetre dans Londres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wXTT7nghrHNHErBohCyU6Zr2NGW.jpg", "actors": ["Gloria Holden (Countess Marya Zaleska)", "Otto Kruger (Dr. Jeffrey Garth)", "Marguerite Churchill (Janet)", "Irving Pichel (Sandor)", "Gilbert Emery (Sir Basil Humphrey)", "Edward Van Sloan (Prof. Van Helsing)", "Nan Grey (Lili)", "Halliwell Hobbes (Police Sgt. Hawkins)", "Billy Bevan (Police Constable Albert)", "E.E. Clive (Detective Sergeant Wilkes)", "Hedda Hopper (Lady Esme Hammond)", "Claud Allister (Sir Aubrey)", "Eily Malyon (Miss Peabody)", "George Kirby (Brooks - Bookstore Proprietor)", "Edgar Norton (Hobbs)", "Vernon Steele (Detective Orderly Squires)", "Joseph R. Tozer (Dr. Graham)", "Douglas Wood (Dr. Townsend)", "Fred Walton (Dr. Beemish)", "Paul Weigel (Transylvania Innkeeper)", "Hodwiga Reicher (Innkeeper's Wife)", "William Schramm (Zoltan - Groom in Transylvania)", "Agnes Anderson (Elena - Bride in Transylvania)", "Owen Gorin (Zoltan's Friend)", "Christian Rub (Coach Driver in Transylvania)", "Wilhelm von Brincken (Lead Transylvanian Gendarme)", "Edna Lyall (Nurse)", "Silvia Vaughan (Nurse)", "Douglas Gordon (Attendant)", "David Dunbar (Motor Bobby)", "John Blood (Bobby)", "Elsa Janssen (Wedding Guest)", "Bert Sprotte (Wedding Guest)", "Vesey O'Davoren (Butler)", "Eric Wilton (Butler)", "John Power (Police Official)", "George Sorel (Police Officer)", "Gordon Hart (Mr. Graham)", "Paul Mitchell (Messenger)", "Guy Kingsford (Radio Announcer)", "Clive Morgan (Desk Sergeant)", "Pietro Sosso (Priest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Possibly there are more things in heaven and Earth than are dreamed of in your psychiatry, Mr. Garth.\r\n\r\nFive years after Universal launched a Bela Lugosi inspired Dracula upon the film loving world, the sequel arrived - only not with Lugosi's Count Dracula in it. Pic picks up at the end of the 31 film and finds Von Helsing (yes Von, not Van) under arrest for the slaying of the toothy vampire. Enter Contessa Marya Zeleska, who sets in motion the wheels of vampiric legends and torrid passions about to be exposed.\r\n\r\nThere's an ethereal low-key mood to Dracula's Daughter, exuding the sort of atmosphere that Val Lewton would hone and trademark within six years. It's a beautifully photographed movie (George Robinson), while there's some neat touches in the screenplay - such as lesbian overtones and the fact our vampire lady is very sympathetic due to her searching for a cure to her ills. However. The play is over talky and very bloodless, it's like the makers forgot to actually put some horror aspects into the piece. There's also an odd blend of humour and drama which never sits right, while the ending is abrupt and disappointing.\r\n\r\nIt's a nice film, a nice production, but nice is a word that really shouldn't be on your lips given the history of the source materials. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32023, 30793, 27970, 3074], "youtube_key": "Qa0jV3wsgZs"}