{"tmdb_id": 22488, "title": "Le Roman d'une vie", "original_title": "Love's Abiding Joy", "slug_title": "le-roman-d-une-vie", "date": "2006-10-06", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Familial / Western"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une p\u00e9riode difficile de s\u00e9cheresse, Willie et sa femme Missie ont une vie heureuse, entour\u00e9s de leurs enfants et amis. Missie re\u00e7oit avec joie la visite de son p\u00e8re, qui vient leur apporter de l'aide pour le b\u00e9tail. Mais ces retrouvailles sont brutalement perturb\u00e9es par le d\u00e9c\u00e8s soudain de Kathy, le b\u00e9b\u00e9 de la famille. Boulevers\u00e9e par ce drame, Missie doit abandonner son poste d'institutrice, obligeant Willie \u00e0 accepter celui de sh\u00e9rif propos\u00e9 par le maire Doros, un homme d\u00e9pourvu d'humanit\u00e9 et avide de pouvoir...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aFHLHsfBNfRDPS4CZMfubf2ahR8.jpg", "actors": ["Erin Cottrell (Missie)", "Logan Bartholomew (Willie)", "William Morgan Sheppard (Scottie)", "James Tupper (Henry)", "Irene Bedard (Miriam Red Hawk McClain)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 3. The story of Missie LaHaye: Going after the dream.\r\n\r\nThe third one in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series that followed after 'Love Enduring Promise'. Like the usual the story and the characters continued, but the cast changed. Because most of the characters became adult now. This time the narration followed the Missie Davis turning to Missie LaHaye. Of course now Missie is almost a different woman by appearance as she's all grown up.\r\n\r\nThis film focused only her and her surrounded ones. Still, she's passionate about reading and teaching, but the things are going to change when she meets a little boy in an unexpected circumstance. In the other side, the neighbours dragged into the narration to make a perfect American film, because they are not the ordinary neighbours.\r\n\r\nThe story was based upon a couple of things, like making the dream comes true and facing thieves in the backdrop of celebration of the Christmas and expecting their first child. In a new place, the newly married LaHaye couples set to begin their life. As Willie's dream coming true, to own a ranch and his wife Missie is pregnant, they comfortably settle down with a bunch of fine men who were hired to work with them. The threats are always a surprise, with one knocking their door, how this couple going to face it and the conclusion of the story is the remaining portion.\r\n\r\n> \"For everything, there is a season...\r\n> And a time for every matter under heaven.\"\r\n\r\nSharing the life by helping each other, love was the main theme like the whole movie series supposed to be. The success won't be reached without a struggle, so those were well blended in the beautiful story. It was like effortless performances by everyone, other than riding horses. But anyway, making a movie, even that for the television, is not that simple. The quality was maintained, but there are some minor flaws and technical errors, that are not distracting ones.\r\n\r\nBeside their new beginning, the festival season brings the employee and employer much closer. Followed by the most anticipated moment of their lives where the story concludes. Not like the big screen movie, as a television flick and being a second sequel, the movie really justifies. As usual the slow narration was the key to be a satisfactory product. I liked this part as well and so now the fourth film, let's wait and see where it takes us to\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [20583, 30975, 49857, 20641], "youtube_key": "notfound"}