{"tmdb_id": 224950, "title": "Solo", "original_title": "Solo", "slug_title": "solo", "date": "2013-08-29", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Livr\u00e9e \u00e0 elle-m\u00eame sur une \u00eele d\u00e9serte, la jeune Gillian s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 passer les deux nuits les plus \u00e9prouvantes de sa vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y5ORfYzn6mDuqv9YvpuvilRdm8e.jpg", "actors": ["Annie Clark ()", "Daniel Kash ()", "Richard Clarkin ()", "Steven Love ()", "Alyssa Capriotti ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Camp Dread?\r\n\r\nYoung girl has a past trauma to deal with, so she applies to be a camp counsellor. Nice. But to pass the entry exam for being said counsellor she has to spend two nights alone on a remote island, thus proving her metal. Amazingly she's not as alone as is meant to be...\r\n\r\nOK! The premise is weak, both in terms of logic and redundancy of formula, but that isn't a problem for those after a good compact scare picture to pass the time of day with. The trouble with Alone (AKA: Solo) is that it's just too dull for its own good, resorting to telegraphed boo-jumps at time scripted junctures. After a while you kind of find yourself wishing it had something more to offer on a psychological basis. The reveal of the threat is tedious, the execution of the last quarter equally so, but the performance of young Annie Clark in the lead and some efficient chill moments makes this just about passable as a time waster. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [147182, 284283, 204761, 186359], "youtube_key": "d2MymIsIRM8"}