{"tmdb_id": 224921, "title": "A Day to Remember", "original_title": "A Day to Remember", "slug_title": "a-day-to-remember", "date": "1953-11-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Based on The Hand and the Flower, a novel by Jerrard Tickell, A Day to Remember stars Stanley Holloway as Charley Porter, captain of London darts team. When the team travels to the French town of Boulogne for the annual darts tournament, a good time is had by all--and more besides. Jim Carver one of the team's members, is reunited with a little French girl he'd befriended during the war, who has now developed into a beautiful young woman. And Fred Collins makes a poignant journey to the hotel where he'd honeymooned with his late wife. The film works best as a low-key comedy-drama; it is least successful when it ventures into O. Henry territory and strains for \"surprise\" story twists. ~ Hal Erickson, Rovi", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hqk4YqBQpQtN0roXptfo3Ftx8ad.jpg", "actors": ["Stanley Holloway (Charley Porter)", "Donald Sinden (Jim Carver)", "Joan Rice (Vera Mitchell)", "Odile Versois (Martine Berthier)", "James Hayter (Fred Collins)", "Harry Fowler (Stan Harvey)", "Edward Chapman (Mr. Robinson)", "Bill Owen (Shorty Sharpe)", "Meredith Edwards (Bert Tripp)", "George Coulouris (Foreign Legion Captain)", "Thora Hird (Mrs. Trott)", "Theodore Bikel (Henri Dubot)", "Brenda De Banzie (Mrs. Collins)", "Lily Kann (Martine's Grandmother)", "Peter Jones (Percy Goodall)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}