{"tmdb_id": 225063, "title": "WCW Fall Brawl 1994", "original_title": "WCW Fall Brawl 1994", "slug_title": "wcw-fall-brawl-1994", "date": "1994-09-18", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Fall Brawl 1994: War Games took place on September 18, 1994 from the Roanoke Civic Center in Roanoke, Virginia. The main event was the annual War Games match in which Team Rhodes (The Nasty Boys, Dusty Rhodes, and Dustin Rhodes) took on The Stud Stable (Terry Funk, Arn Anderson, Bunkhouse Buck, and Col. Robert Parker). This match was re-broadcast on the final edition of WCW WorldWide. Sting, The Guardian Angel, and Vader wrestled in a Triangle Elimination match, and Pretty Wonderful defended the WCW World tag Team Championships against Stars and Stripes. Steve Austin was scheduled to take on Rick Steamboat for his WCW US Heavyweight Championship, however Steamboat was injured, fired, and then retired. Austin got the belt by forfeit and then had to defend it against a mystery opponent. In a Loser Leaves WCW match, Kevin Sullivan took on Cactus Jack.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kA2QtSgqLSWAPLFxVE2Ndb4Rtf6.jpg", "actors": ["Virgil Riley Runnels, Jr. (Dusty Rhodes)", "Dustin Runnels (Dustin Rhodes)", "Terry Funk (Himself)", "Martin Lunde (Arn Anderson)", "Brian Yandrisovitz (Brian Knobbs)", "Jerome Saganovich (Jerry Sags)", "James Golden (Bunkhouse Buck)", "Robert Welch (Col. Robert Parker)", "Steve Borden (Sting)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (The Guardian Angel)", "Leon Allen White (Vader)", "Paul Orndorff (Himself)", "Paul Centopani (Paul Roma)", "Del Wilkes (The Patriot)", "Marcus Alexander Bagwell (Himself)", "Steve Austin (Himself)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Hacksaw Jim Duggan)", "Mick Foley (Cactus Jack)", "Kevin Sullivan (Himself)", "Darren Matthews (Lord Steven Regal)", "Marc Mero (Johnny B. Badd)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}