{"tmdb_id": 225574, "title": "Non-Stop", "original_title": "Non-Stop", "slug_title": "non-stop", "date": "2014-02-26", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'il effectue un vol entre New York et Londres, Bill Marks, un officier de la police de l'air qui d\u00e9teste prendre l'avion, re\u00e7oit un message sur son t\u00e9l\u00e9phone, une ligne a priori s\u00e9curis\u00e9e. L'inconnu, qui dit se trouver parmi les 146 passagers, menace d'assassiner une personne toutes les 20 minutes si on ne lui remet pas 150 millions de dollars. D'abord incr\u00e9dule, Bill Marks le prend au s\u00e9rieux quand un premier passager est retrouv\u00e9 mort dans les toilettes. Alors qu'il tente de trouver le terroriste, on l'accuse de vouloir d\u00e9tourner l'avion. Marks tente de d\u00e9jouer le pi\u00e8ge dans lequel il est tomb\u00e9, alors que l'arm\u00e9e est sur le point d'intervenir...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lMILrn1PH4PvHeHkYUjiJC7zGyW.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (Bill Marks)", "Julianne Moore (Jen Summers)", "Scoot McNairy (Tom Bowen)", "Michelle Dockery (Nancy)", "Nate Parker (Zack White)", "Corey Stoll (Austin)", "Lupita Nyong'o (Gwen)", "Jason Butler Harner (Kyle Rice)", "Linus Roache (David McMillan)", "Shea Whigham (Agent Marenick)", "Omar Metwally (Dr. Fahim Nasir)", "Anson Mount (Jack Hammond)", "Quinn McColgan (Becca)", "Corey Hawkins (Travis Mitchell)", "Frank Deal (Charles Wheeler)", "Bar Paly (Iris Marianne)", "Edoardo Costa (Herve Philbert)", "Jon Abrahams (David Norton)", "Amanda Quaid (Emily Norton)", "Beth Dixon (Older Women)", "Cameron Moir (Steward)", "Lars Gerhard (German Father)", "Oliver Lehne (German Son)", "Michael Thomas Walker (Michael Tate)", "Pat Kiernan (NY1 Anchor)", "Annika Pergament (NY1 Reporter)", "Victoria Arbiter (Tilkynna 3 Reporter)", "Jefrey Pollock (Pundit)", "Hank Sheinkopf (Pundit)", "Dani de Waal (Airline Attendant)", "Adi Hanash (Security Officer)", "Finise Avery (Plane Passenger)", "Charlotte Kirk (Amy Harris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Generally speaking I like Liam Neeson so when a movie comes out with him in it I generally get it without too many questions asked. It has been a somewhat varied experience. This one is somewhere in the middle of the range I would say. I did indeed have higher hopes for it.\r\n\r\nThe basic story is quite good but I never really felt very thrilled about the implementation and I more often than not felt frustrated by the various jerks not believing Bill and Bill\u2019s clumsy attempt at convincing people that he was a good guy not to mention controlling the passages. For being an air marshal Bill did not seem to be very good at it. I known he was supposed to be a former drunk but still\u2026\r\n\r\nIt is still a decent enough movie though which rolls on at a reasonably decent pace. I never really felt compelled to pick up my tablet and start to read something while waiting for the boring parts to pass as have happened with a few other movies. Well, at least not very often. It is not really an action movie though and the scene at the poster is pretty much the only high-octane action scene in the entire movie which was also a bit disappointing. Sure, there are some quite good fights between Bill and various other characters but I would still put this movie more in the thriller genre than in the action one.\r\n\r\nThe media jerks and the way people seemed to control things outside, or rather not control things, the plane was also really frustrating. I would really have sued the arses of those media dicks afterwards given how they downright slandered both Bill and air marshals in general without any real proof. What happened with innocent until proven guilty. Oh, yeah right, I forgot, that has no meaning to todays media people.\r\n\r\nSadly enough the thriller part never got that thrilling either. I feel this is due to the rather clumsy way that Bill went about things most of the time. He never really gave a professional appearance. This goes for the cop that happened to be on the plane as well by the way. I felt he was really behaving just like some scared member of a mob rather than a trained professional. When the villain was finally exposed and the reasons for the events where explained. Well, let us just say that I went \u201cmeh\u201d at that point. On the good side Liam Neeson did make a rather good performance given the kind of script he had to work with.\r\n\r\nOn the whole it is an okay movie though which is worthwhile to watch but, as I wrote, I had my hopes set a notch higher."}], "recommandations_id": [48138, 260346, 137094, 82675]}