{"tmdb_id": 225565, "title": "C\u00e9libataires\u2026 ou presque", "original_title": "That Awkward Moment", "slug_title": "celibataires-ou-presque", "date": "2014-01-29", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Trois amis font le pari de rester c\u00e9libataires lorsque l'un d'eux est largu\u00e9 par sa copine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lvj2Nqr9RLA6ichyui5Th8oZq5s.jpg", "actors": ["Zac Efron (Jason)", "Miles Teller (Daniel)", "Michael B. Jordan (Mikey)", "Imogen Poots (Ellie Andrews)", "Mackenzie Davis (Chelsea)", "Jessica Lucas (Vera Walker)", "Addison Timlin (Alana)", "Josh Pais (Fred)", "Evelina Turen (Sophie)", "Emily Meade (Christy)", "Alysia Reiner (Amanda Silverman)", "Karen Ludwig (Mrs. Rose)", "Lola Glaudini (Sharon)", "Raul Casso (Diego)", "Tina Benko (Ellie's Mom)", "Joseph Adams (Ellie's Dad)", "John Rothman (Chelsea's Dad)", "Barbara Garrick (Chelsea's Mom)", "Dan Bittner (Preppy Guy)", "Eugenia Kuzmina (Girl at the Bar (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "This movie is about three girls who are dating (other people... not each other), wait... that's not right, they are boys, who act like girls. Ok, lets start over. This is a movie about three boys finding life hard and troublesome, especially dating, since none of them can get girls, dammit, that's not right either. These guys can have whoever they like, and does, but they still complain and discuss the most amazingly childish things, in the most excrutiating and painful way.\r\n\r\nOk, plot aside, this movie is what is wrong with the world. The role of the man is changing (or rather the view of what a man is...), and it is a sad sight. It might be a very funny movie to some, but to me it was just painful to watch. The dialogue is written a little too perfect and delivered with perfect timing, not at all realistic, or like life... really... is. Life is indeed awkward, or can be, but what these three friends experience... has nothing to do with awkward. They are just spoiled brats who should grow up and pick any of these amazing women who throw themselves at them.\r\n\r\n_Last words... if you are a teenager who finds life a bit hard and awkward... don't watch this movie... ever. Instead, go watch **Juno**, which is everything that this movie is not._\r\n\r\n**Note:** I finished this review halfway through the movie, so if everything changes... I deeply apologizes for any harm I may have caused to the fans of Zac Efron, Miles Teller and Michael B. Jordan.\r\n\r\n**Second Note:** Finished the movie, and something did improve... by the very end. Omar from the Wire turned up. Great show. Great actor. Great role. But not enough to save this movie, unfortunately."}], "recommandations_id": [286554, 193610, 77877, 195589], "youtube_key": "wRcVgJjnFLo"}