{"tmdb_id": 22555, "title": "Jesse Stone 5: L'enfant disparu", "original_title": "Jesse Stone: Thin Ice", "slug_title": "jesse-stone-5-l-enfant-disparu", "date": "2009-03-01", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "\"Alors qu'il est \u00e0 Boston avec Healy, Jesse se fait tirer dessus. Son ami fr\u00f4le la mort de tr\u00e8s pr\u00e8s et le chef de la police de Paradise compte bien d\u00e9couvrir qui est derri\u00e8re cette tentative d'assassinat, tandis que le conseil municipal veut l'\u00e9vincer. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, Rose part \u00e0 la recherche d'un enfant pr\u00e9sum\u00e9 mort, mais qui aurait \u00e9t\u00e9 kidnapp\u00e9 et vivrait dans la r\u00e9gion depuis 7 ans.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j2gUSpBjrNCJIw92eeugMJSRJz5.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Jesse Stone)", "Kathy Baker (Rose Gammon)", "Kohl Sudduth (Luther 'Suitcase' Simpson)", "Leslie Hope (Sidney Greenstreet)", "Stephen McHattie (Captain Healy)", "William Sadler (Gino Fish)", "Jessica Hecht (Stephanie Morton)", "Joanna Miles (Mrs. Steinberg)", "Fulvio Cecere (Teddy Leaf)", "Camryn Manheim (Elizabeth Blue)", "William Devane (Dr. Dix)", "Jeremy Akerman (Councilman Carter Hanson)", "John Beale (Dr. Perkins)", "Kerri Smith (Sister Mary John)", "Gary Levert (William Butler)", "Todd Hofley (Alan)", "Tom Gallant (Councilman Comden)", "Glen Lefchak (Homeless Guy)", "Ruby Carr (Runaway Girl)", "Gillian Anderson (Jenn (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When someone aimed a gun at Jesse...**\r\n\r\nThe fifth film in the Jesse Stone series based on the characters from the book by Robert B. Parker. That's right, this film is not an adaptation of any book, for the first time in the series it is an original screenplay. But the director was retained for the fifth time and that's a plus point here. Particularly who can understand not just this one film, but the whole series to take it on the right path. There is also lies some weakness that it's not getting better as it should be, but I would say it's the writing that did not impress me.\r\n\r\nThis is the half way mark and another film in the series that's not so good, but counting it as an individual, definitely it is a better one. I expected this film after the previous one was not up to its previous one, but I must say I'm slightly disappointed. It is enjoyable, as a television film and its production quality was undeniably great, but I think my over anticipation is what barred me from having a good time with it. I am not blaming the story, but the scenes which were not strong enough. The positives were you can't predict them, and what's more important than that in a detective story.\r\n\r\nIt opened with a shootout and Jesse got injured, though there's no serious. Now he has a case to pursue, but not official and his chief warns him going after certain person. Jesse also got enquired by an Internal Affair for him involving in the recent shootouts which is above normal. Besides, a mother came afar to him requesting to investigate her baby went missing seven years ago. Among the cases, the narration splits, but holds the suspense till the final act. There's no big twist, but both the cases come to end with Jesse's unique way of dealing.\r\n\r\n> \"The information's out there. All you've to do is let it in.\"\r\n\r\nWhen the tale is about to conclude, there comes a big blow to him and his future hangs. An interesting ending, maybe a turning point in the series like the season one ends here and the season two is about to commence. If it was a television series, this is where the split happens between the seasons. The Jesse's walk out of the station at the final scene brings a new perspective. A bit emotional, if you are a Jesse Stone fan.\r\n\r\nThe last two films were average compared to the earlier ones, so this change might refresh in the series going forward. It should be, otherwise I might lose interest in the series. This film is not bad, but after the fine developments in the mid part which was hyped, did not stand up to the expectations once the revelation came. There was no big expansion in the cast, but like usual some of the new ones, those who came only for this film had made some decent contribution. Like Jessica Hecht was the only known person to me who have made into it. And the rest of the cast including Selleck was great as usual.\r\n\r\nJesse still remains dominated, but kind of losing strength while other characters around him gaining the momentum in their small part. Because he's the same from the first film, though needs some upgrade like nothing for the additional, but feeding with what he's good at. I mean, he's a badass and a daring character, but lately his parts were not appealing enough as what he's known for. On the other hand, he's just a small town cop; his work is under a limit and that kind of big excuse we definitely don't want. Hope it will not be the case for the next one.\r\n\r\nI thought I was a Jesse Stone franchise fan after the first two films, but I'm not sure now, the only next couple of films would decide that. So I'm eager for the next sequel. Talking about this installment, I find it above average, but for being a television film and a film series, you can't blame entirely. Because like I said in the earlier review, the ups and downs are part of a film franchise and sometimes they're on purposely done to balance the good and bad side of the story and characters. Like a wheel it has to come up sooner or later, that means the next one in the series is very crucial. It's not the cast or the crew, but the story should be at its best. I hope it all comes back to the normal there. So I meet you there.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [26114, 31047, 59238, 43263], "youtube_key": "notfound"}