{"tmdb_id": 225676, "title": "72 Model", "original_title": "72 \u0d2e\u0d4b\u0d21\u0d7d", "slug_title": "72-model", "date": "2013-04-25", "genre": ["Familial"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Vasutty and his son Sajan are Taxi drivers. When Vasutty drives a 72 model Ambassador, Sajan drives an Innova.  Sajan, Deepak, and Parvathy are best friends. Deepak runs a drama academy and Parvathy is an interior designer. Once Sajan happens to drive Vasutty's car and that changes Sajan and his friends' fortunes forever. At this stage Janaki enters their life. As days pass by they realize that what they thought to be fortune turns out to be their misfortune. Rajasenan's '72 Model' plots their efforts to come across these troubles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rUzeQnVnvA5lrZfzpvPZSeW8gm.jpg", "actors": ["Govind Padmasoorya (V. Sajan)", "Sreejith Vijay (Vivek)", "Madhu (Kuttan Pilla)", "Vijayaraghavan ()", "Nazreen Nazar (Janaki)", "Nelson Sooranad (Joseph)", "Vanitha Krishnachandran ()", "Kozhikode Narayanan Nair ()", "Sabitha Anand ()", "M B Padmakumar (Vijayan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sunvit", "content": "Rajasenan, who is known for his family entertainers, is one of the most successful directors in Malayalam film industry. But of late, his movies have failed to make it big at the Box Office. Two years after the release of Innanu Aa Kalyanam, he is back with his latest directorial venture 72 Model. Although he has roped young and new actors for it, the director has made sure that it would bring back his lost glory.\r\nThe movie 72 Model is also a family drama with lots of funny moments in it. Rajasenan's interesting script, engaging narration and cinematography, lead actors' superb performances, M Jayachandran's music, KP Nambiathiri's cinematography, Nadhan Mannoor's Art Director, Shibu Parameshwaran and Siji Thomas' costume and PV Shankar's makeup are the main highlights of the film.\r\nThe movie traces the conflicts between generations and introspects the value system in place in the present world. A 72 model Ambassador car is the protagonist of the movie and the director tries to convey his ideas in a symbolic way. The movie has ample of his signature style of comedy, drama and romance. Rajasenan's comedy arises out of various characters' follies, foibles and conflicts of life.\r\nThe movie visualise two generations. Taxi driver Vasukutty, who still thinks that only a black and yellow car can become taxi, reports old generation. Whereas a host of youngsters, who run a business under the company Trimoorthy Associates, stand for modern values. The director has tried to comprehend the changes happening around current world through the roles of this youths' team.\r\nVasutty (Vijayaraghavan) and his son Sajan (Govind Padmasurya) are Taxi drivers. When Vasutty drives a 72 model Ambassador, Sajan drives an Innova. Drama academy owner Deepak (Sreejith Vijay) and interior designer Parvathy (Soniya Das) are Sajan's best friends. Once Sajan happens to drive his father's car, which changes his and his friends' fortunes. But with the entry of a girl named Janaki (Nasrin), their life hit a rough patch. What problems will they face? Will they overcome the hurdles or not? The rest of the movie answers these questions."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "GPqQHWWs6no"}