{"tmdb_id": 22573, "title": "Last of the Living", "original_title": "Last of the Living", "slug_title": "last-of-the-living", "date": "2009-05-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Le monde a \u00e9t\u00e9 victime d'un virus extr\u00eamement contagieux, m\u00e9tamorphosant tous les malades en zombies. Une simple morsure suffit pour \u00eatre contamin\u00e9. Dans ce d\u00e9cors apocalyptique, trois amis, Morgan, Ash et Johnny pensaient \u00eatre les derniers survivants de l'esp\u00e8ce humaine, avant de d\u00e9couvrir une fille affirmant d\u00e9tenir un rem\u00e8de. Les quatre jeunes d\u00e9cident alors de tout faire pour sauver la plan\u00e8te.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fgTAlaUi94cE6hD5KjU6XXoBWbH.jpg", "actors": ["Morgan Williams (Morgan)", "Robert Faith (Johnny)", "Ashleigh Southam (Ash)", "Mark Hadlow (Dad)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Killa-What?", "content": "> Definitely don't judge this movie by it's cover. Cool cover...and that's about where it ends. \r\nShot around what looks like Wellington NZ, it's supposed to be a post apocalyptic zombie smashing movie. In essence, 3 slackers basically go on shopping runs and switch houses when they get bored (which I very much did). They save a girl in a church and accidentally break a vile of zombie blood and so begins the search for a replacement.\r\nWhich could be OK if most of the film wasn't just watching TV adds or these imbeciles strolling though malls. Probably the movies they were watching were more interesting than this. With shoddy camera work and overly long \"filler\" scenes with no real point to it.\r\nI could only get through about 30min before I called Bulls***. Even when the cortina with a spiked bull-bar came out I though cool, it might be starting. \r\nSave yourself 90min and use it more productively for sleep, which this movie will invariably do."}], "recommandations_id": [148972, 12682, 49541, 50142], "youtube_key": "notfound"}