{"tmdb_id": 225819, "title": "Pigman", "original_title": "\u0d2a\u0d3f\u0d17\u0d4d\u200d\u0d2e\u0d3e\u0d7b", "slug_title": "pigman", "date": "2013-06-06", "genre": "Familial", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3Ub9Bgoz02sFyvSHgtea0Fudo1p.jpg", "actors": ["Jayasurya (Sreekumar)", "Remya Nambeesan (Sneha)", "Harisree Ashokan (Thimmayyan)", "Jagathy Sreekumar ()", "Salim Kumar ()", "Suraj Venjaramoodu (Dr Daniel)", "M R Gopakumar (Madhavan)", "Baburaj (GM Veera Swamy)", "Nimisha Suresh (Mahalakshmi)", "T. P. Madhavan (Sneha's Father)", "Reena Basheer (Dr. Jayalekshmy)", "Jaffer Idukki (David)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sunvit", "content": "After a 'Thakarachenda'  that was much discussed in film festivals, director Avira Rebecca has now come up with a 'pigman' - a look at the current socio-economic  issues of kerala. A movie which discuss the plight of an ordinary man finding it difficult to live with the norms of an  nonreactive society around him, the movie but offers little in terms of entertainment, nor it ends up as a very meaningful attempt in film making.\r\n\r\nJayasuriya  is Sreekumar in the movie, a post graduate in Malayalam doing research leading to doctorate on the 'nuances of tribal music and language'. Currently in his fourth year , he is soon to submit his final thesis for assessment. But his guide Dr. jayalekshmy(Reena Basheer)  is quite unhappy with him as Sreekumar has resisted her physical advances. Now she has decided to take revenge and talks low about his thesis in the open defence. Sreekumar, who is asked to resubmit, is quite frustrated and throws his shoes on his guide, which results in him being expelled from the college.\r\n\r\nNow devoid of any scholarships to support him, Sree coming from an moderate family with their share of bank loans and debts is extremely in need of another job to survive. His close friends Sneha(Ramya Nambeeshan) helps him to find one in the big pig farm situated near her village. Sree joins as a purchase manager , but his reactive nature to ill- happenings around him in the farm makes him the sour eye of the GM Veera mani(Baburaj) and the veterinary doctor Daniel(Suraj). He is soon expelled from the job and is forced to take up the role of a helper in the pig farm. How he lives a sadistic life with the animals forms the rest of the plot.\r\n\r\nThe  movie discusses many social aspect s and indeed it is rare in recent times to see one movie that tell the lives of middle class men,  in such seriousness. But Avira has lot the charm of the basic plot by R Prabhakaran, resorting to traditional mode of film making , which unfolds  reasonably slow and without needed energy. Many kind of illogical twists also drop in to make the plight of Sree a little more sober than needed. Normally, in Kerala standards if a man decides not to stick to white collar jobs, there are jobs in plenty, which could have survived him better than to become an assistant in the pig man. The protagonist here is also not shown as an introvert who takes it as a fate. Anyhow, the second half of the movie is a total loser with the makers having little clue on where to lead the narratives. The climax and the techniques used definitely backfires for a movie of substance.\r\n\r\nJayasuriya doesn't have much to do though his character could have been developed to interesting proportions. Suraj tries to bring in some seriousness with his villanish role , but evokes undemanded laughter. Ramya nambeeshan and the rest of the cast are apt for their roles.\r\n\r\nPigman'  has average technical sides with Vinod Illampilly behind camera and Nikhil Venu in editing. The couple of songs by R Gowtham are worthy hear and so is his BG scores.\r\n\r\nAll in all, this Pigman' will not be a winner at the Box office and will move on to cans in a week's time."}], "recommandations_id": []}