{"tmdb_id": 225989, "title": "Jimmy", "original_title": "Jimmy", "slug_title": "jimmy", "date": "2013-06-04", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The story of a mentally challenged teenager who interacts with supernatural beings he calls \"Watchers\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8C8fPFuDaV9bnN6rM9h173voQ1a.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Colletti (Jimmy Mitchell)", "Ted Levine (James Lee Mitchell)", "Kelly Carlson (Ellen Mitchell)", "Jackson Pace (Max Cochran)", "Bob Gunton (Sheriff Brinson)", "Burgess Jenkins (Jake Garner)", "Patrick Fabian (Lee Mitchell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "eddiehems", "content": "We watched this as a family last night and we just sat in silence when it was finished. All I can say is WOW! Fantastic cinematography, sound track, and acting. The casting is over the top superb. The screen writing is well done - believable and draws you in immediately. It is intense, yet fun; full of conflict, yet loving. The use of irony throughout is extremely effective - just when you think you have it figured out, they flip you upside down and take you with them. The most important thing I appreciate about this film is that it is wholesome and honors what is right. There are no language or modesty issues or inappropriate scenes. Those things aren't needed to make a top-notch film - and Jimmy is a prime example of that. Bravo to the team - and please continue to produce family friendly God-honoring films. We need more! Thank you!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}