{"tmdb_id": 226286, "title": "Falsifier", "original_title": "Falsifikator", "slug_title": "falsifier", "date": "2013-03-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Our story takes place at the end of the 1960s. This is the time of the collapse of the ideals of a more just and honorable life brought into prominence by students worldwide in the great rebellion in 1968 and of the beginning of the end of an equally grand illusion called Yugoslavia. Andjelko is the principal of a middle school in a small Bosnian place Dubica. He believes in Yugoslavia and worships its leader Josip Broz Tito. Andjelko, however, has one serious fault: he is a forger, he makes forged school diplomas. He does not do this out of self-interest, but because he is a staunch philanthropist. One day, a neighbor for whom Andjelko forged the leather-working school diploma, in order to take revenge on the local veterinarian, reports to the police that this one too has Andjelko's diploma. Our hero is, therefore, forced to flee to the big city. He lives there illegally, at the harborers of outlaws for whom he once forged diplomas. But one day, Andjelko runs into his schoolmate...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7e32gKIn9AI2ZLcNTjkhku3xupy.jpg", "actors": ["Tihomir Stani\u0107 (An\u0111elko)", "Branka Kati\u0107 (Mirjana)", "Sergej Trifunovi\u0107 (Enes)", "Nata\u0161a Markovi\u0107 (Slavica)", "Bogdan Dikli\u0107 (Advokat)", "Emir Had\u017eihafizbegovi\u0107 (Suljo)", "Du\u0161an Plav\u0161i\u0107 (Slobodan)", "Mihailo Stani\u0107 (Jugoslav)", "Haris Burina (Po\u0161tar Smajo)", "Jernej \u0160ugman (Drago)", "Svetozar Cvetkovi\u0107 (Janez)", "Miodrag Krstovi\u0107 (Tr\u017ei\u0161ni inspektor)", "Petar Mir\u010devski (Komandir Popovski)", "Goran Navojec (Kangrga)", "Dra\u017een Pavlovi\u0107 (Miljenko)", "Momo Pi\u0107uri\u0107 (Veselin)", "Dragan Petrovi\u0107 (Ljubinko)", "Boris Komneni\u0107 (Upravnik zatvora)", "Jano\u0161 Tot (Tu\u017eilac)", "Ratko Tankosi\u0107 (Sudija)", "Radko Poli\u010d (Josip Broz Tito)", "Sr\u0111an Timarov (Bora Tri)", "Anja Stani\u0107 (Devojka u cirkusu)", "Nermin Omi\u0107 (Jatak I)", "Aleksandar Stojkovi\u0107 (Jatak II)", "Branko Jankovi\u0107 (Poslasti\u010dar)", "Bogdan Stani\u0107 (Bomba\u0161)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "inP8R-S-szQ"}