{"tmdb_id": 226817, "title": "The Chevy That Wanted to Be a Cadillac", "original_title": "The Chevy That Wanted to Be a Cadillac", "slug_title": "the-chevy-that-wanted-to-be-a-cadillac", "date": "1965-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "1.0/10", "synopsis": "After witnessing a politician being driven around in a new Cadillac, a Chevy attempts to fool the world into thinking it's a Cadillac in this Christian metaphor.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["J. Holland Heck (The Chevy's Owner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bongeo", "content": "This little short is intended to be an allegory for the Christian doctrine of renewal through Christ.  Alas, the film's theology is so muddled that it makes a hash out of the Christian \"message\" and fails on the religious and the narrative levels at the same time.  The protagonist, a sentient 1939 Chevy, nags its owner constantly for a makeover because the car longs to become a shiny new Cadillac.  Despite the owner's best efforts to refurbish the Chevy, the car still fails to reach its ambition.  At last the owner trades it in for a new Caddy.  \r\n\r\nThe Chevy meets its demise in a particularly brutal sequence wherein it is torn apart, crushed, and compacted into a cube of junk metal in a junkyard.  The actual \"message\" of the film is that one should be content with ones own lot and not fall prey to envy.  However, the constant Christian commentary that accompanies the film appears to contradict the visual truth of the film; we are supposed to believe that the Chevy somehow \"becomes\" renewed as a Caddy.  In fact, the Chevy dies a horrible death.  Logically and theologically the film fails in spectacular fashion.  I can't recommend it at all.  The filmmaker apparently never learned about logic and narrative in film school. \r\n\r\nI think this film would prove very disturbing to younger viewers.  I'm 72, and the junkyard sequence offended me, since I identified with the car, as I was meant to do.  The owner, by the way, appears to be a mindless twit who takes orders from his car until he gets fed up and sends it to its shocking end.  How he is supposed to figure in Christian theology is unfathomable to me."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}