{"tmdb_id": 226, "title": "Boys Don't Cry", "original_title": "Boys Don't Cry", "slug_title": "boys-don-t-cry", "date": "1999-09-02", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Teena Brandon, une jeune adolescente du Nebraska, assume mal sa condition de fille. Elle d\u00e9m\u00e9nage \u00e0 Falls City et devient Brandon, un garcon aux cheveux courts, tr\u00e8s vite adopt\u00e9 par une bande de d\u00e9soeuvr\u00e9s. Teena-Brandon s'int\u00e8gre au groupe mais reste toujours prisonni\u00e8re de cette crise d'identit\u00e9 sexuelle qui l'a hant\u00e9e sa vie enti\u00e8re. Elle tombe amoureuse de Lana, la petite amie de John. En d\u00e9couvrant la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur Teena, ce dernier entre dans une rage meurtri\u00e8re. D'apr\u00e8s un fait divers authentique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6bqIZTEuJnUrgnxcymciszvOz8J.jpg", "actors": ["Hilary Swank (Brandon Teena)", "Chlo\u00eb Sevigny (Lana M. Tisdel)", "Peter Sarsgaard (John Lotter)", "Brendan Sexton III (Marvin \"Tom\" Nissen)", "Alicia Goranson (Candace)", "Alison Folland (Kate Lotter)", "Jeannetta Arnette (Linda Tisdel)", "Rob Campbell (Brian)", "Matt McGrath (Lonny)", "Cheyenne Rushing (Nicole)", "Robert Prentiss (Trucker)", "Josh Ridgway (Kwik Stop Cashier)", "Craig Erickson (Trucker in Kwik Stop)", "Stephanie Sechrist (April)", "Jerry Haynes (Judge)", "Lou Perryman (Sheriff Charles B. Laux)", "Lisa Renee Wilson (Pam)", "Jackson D. Kane (Sam Phillips)", "Joseph Gibson (Tom)", "Michael Tripp (Nerdy Teen)", "Shana McClendon (Girl in Car)", "Libby Villari (Nurse)", "Paige Carl Griggs (Dave (Deputy))", "Gail Cronauer (Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You don't seem like you're from around here.\r\n\r\nIt's one of those films that any film lover has to see to judge for themselves. A critical darling and an award winner, it's a film of undoubted emotional power. It is based on the tragic case of Teena Brandon (Hilary Swank) who was raped and murdered in 1993, it would become one of the significant cases of hate crime in American history.\r\n\r\nFrom the off Kimberly Peirce's film sets out its stall that we are in bleak territory, and so it proves. It dangles little shards of light, but constantly it proves uncompromising and unpleasant. There's a nagging irk that main characters are very thinly drawn, where motives are given short shrift, and this is bizarre given that the pic runs for nearly two hours. However, the performances of both Swank and Chlo\u00eb Sevigny are outstanding, and Peirce handles the darkest scenes in the movie with a grace and tact that deserves applause. \r\n\r\nA tale that needed to be told, even in truncated form, Boys Don't Cry is fine cinema making. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Asa_movies", "content": "The atmosphere completely different from that nowadays. This was probably the first time for man to express his own feelings and sexual identity in public. So, it was something like a Big Bang for people who experienced fact that some of their kith are \"such a weirdos\".\r\nIf you compare understanding of people today and only about 2 decades ago you can see that struggle for freedom and equality always exists, but they're a bit different. I may say the sexual revolution has just started and, if you compare some movie from 2000th, 2020th and (probably) 2040th, you will see people are starting to be more aware of changing in global sexual situation and, what is more important, it won't be taboo topic in the future.\r\n\r\n\r\nKimberly Pierce made Teena Brandon being born-girl, living-boy. Teena was a very brave person, worth living more than \"boys from gangs\" without any drop of emotion and understanding others, in themselves.\r\n\r\nPerson is changing during his life. People are changing during universal time. This is part of so called evolution. Not necessary revolution!\r\n\r\nBe who you are :)\r\n\r\n..................................................................................................\r\n\r\nTHE BLUEST EYES IN TEXAS\r\n\r\nThe lonesome Texas sun was setting low\r\nAnd in the rear view mirror I watched it go\r\nI can still see the wind in her golden hair\r\nI close my eyes for a moment, I'm still here\r\n\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\nLike the stars that fill\r\nThe midnight sky\r\nHer memory fills my mind\r\n(Where did I go wrong)\r\nDid I wait too long\r\nOr can I make it right\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\n\r\nAnother town, another hotel room\r\nAnother dream that ended way too soon\r\nLeft me lonely way before the dawn\r\nSearching for the strength to carry on\r\n\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\nLike the stars that fill\r\nThe midnight sky\r\nHer memory fills my mind\r\n(Where did I go wrong)\r\nDid I wait too long\r\nOr can I make it right\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\n\r\nFor every heart you break\r\nYou pay a price\r\nBut I can't forget the tears\r\nIn her blue eyes\r\n\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\nLike the stars that fill\r\nThe midnight sky\r\nHer memory fills my mind\r\n(Where did I go wrong)\r\nDid I wait too long\r\nHow can I make it right\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\n\r\nThe bluest eyes in Texas\r\nAre haunting me tonight\r\n\r\n.................................................................................................\r\n\r\nReview written by Asa_movies (Tanja)"}], "recommandations_id": [12498, 451, 1024, 1365], "youtube_key": "uxWt9rxNzjg"}