{"tmdb_id": 227018, "title": "WCW World War 3 1995", "original_title": "WCW World War 3 1995", "slug_title": "wcw-world-war-3-1995", "date": "1995-11-26", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "World War 3 was an annual PPV event produced by WCW. The PPV's title also was the name of its signature match, a three-ring, sixty-man battle royal. The inaugural World War 3 match was contested for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship, which had been stripped from The Giant due to the outcome of his match with Hulk Hogan at Halloween Havoc '95.  Other matches included Ric Flair vs Sting, Lex Luger vs Randy Savage, Kensuke Sasaki defending the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship against Chris Benoit, Big Bubba Rogers vs Jim Duggan, and Johnny B. Badd defending he WCW World TV Championship against Diamond Dallas Page.  WCW released the World War 3 events on home video the following year, with the packaging for the first three releases reflecting the year that the video was released and not the year that the actual event took place, e.g. World War 3 1995 was released on VHS as World War 3 '96.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xHDVtb6DSNljK03GvmSYAjHjfUs.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Randy Savage (\"Macho Man\" Randy Savage)", "Steve Borden (Sting)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Kensuke Sasaki (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (Big Bubba Rogers)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Himself)", "Marc Mero (Johnny B. Badd)", "Dallas Page (Diamond Dallas Page)", "Martin Lunde (Arn Anderson)", "Steven James (Steve Armstrong)", "Marcus Alexander Bagwell (Himself)", "James Golden (Bunkhouse Buck)", "Rick Harris (Big Train Bart)", "Jeff Farmer (Cobra)", "Glenn Gilbertti (Disco Inferno)", "Robert Lee Eaton (Himself)", "Paul Wight (The Giant)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "George Gray (One Man Gang)", "Jerry Lynn (Mr. JL)", "Christopher Morgan Klucsarits (Chris Kanyon)", "Brian Yandrisovitz (Brian Knobbs)", "Manabu Nakanishi (Kurasawa)", "Tonga Fifita (Meng)", "Bill DeMott (Hugh Morrus)", "Paul Orndorff (Himself)", "Brian Pillman (Himself)", "Craig Pittman (Sgt. Craig Pittman)", "Lash Rushay Huffman (Stevie Ray)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Darren Matthews (Lord Steven Regal)", "Michael James Hegstrand (Road Warrior Hawk)", "Jerome Saganovich (Jerry Sags)", "John Anthony Tenta Jr. (The Shark)", "Richard Van Slater (Dick Slater)", "William Danenhauer (Dave Sullivan)", "Kevin Sullivan (The Taskmaster)", "Sione Vailahi (Super Assassin #1)", "Terry Szopinski (Super Assassin #2)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (VK Wallstreet)", "Alex Wright (Himself)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (The Zodiac)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}