{"tmdb_id": 227329, "title": "My Sweetie", "original_title": "\u751c\u7d72\u7d72", "slug_title": "my-sweetie", "date": "2004-09-11", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Sammy, growing with women all his life, meets Suet in the MTR and falls for her at the first sight. One day, Sammy goes back to his office and to his surprise, Suet is there as a newcomer of their company together with Strong. Strong and Sammy are childhood rivals. However, their company asks them to create a new advertisement. From that day, love starts growing between Sammy and Strong. Their advertisement is a way success, and Suet finally falls for Sammy\u2019s talent and starts dating him. Heartbroken, Strong decides to quit the job. Sammy finally realizes Strong is the one he loves. On Strong's farewell party, Sammy tells her how much he loves her, will Strong accept Sammy's love and have a happy ending?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kNx5CurqM44QZjFIuxFANELEPw0.jpg", "actors": ["Sammy Leung (Lo)", "Stephy Tang (Strong)", "Gaile Lok (Snow)", "Kristal Tin (Little Chin)", "Kary Ng Ga-Wing (Lovely Kong)", "Chow Chung (Little Prince)", "Ella Koon (Sea Ko)", "Miriam Yeung (Ms Daughter)", "Patrick Dunn (Werewolf)", "Sam Lee (Fi Auyeung)", "Cheung Tat-Ming (Hen Lau)", "Edmond Leung (Kenny)", "Ronald Cheng (Owner of Lo's office lift)", "Monie Tung (Happy)", "Emme Wong (Blossom)", "Yan Ng (Fortune)", "Tenky Tin Kai-Man (Bobo Tin)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}