{"tmdb_id": 227425, "title": "Alpha et Omega 2", "original_title": "Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure", "slug_title": "alpha-et-omega-2", "date": "2013-10-08", "genre": ["Animation / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Kate et Humphrey, devenus parents, s'appr\u00eatent \u00e0 f\u00eater leur premier No\u00ebl avec leurs trois louveteaux. Lorsque le plus jeune d'entre eux dispara\u00eet, ils d\u00e9cident de se lancer \u00e0 sa recherche, sous la menace d'une temp\u00eate de neige.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8vaczP6J1JudrR2s8bOk4rWGBO9.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Diskin (Humphrey (voice))", "Marieve Herington (Claudette (voice))", "Liza West (Runt (voice))", "Tracy Pfau (Eve (voice))", "Meryl Leigh (Princess (voice))", "Shaun Gerardo (Rogue Wolf #1 (voice))", "Blackie Rose (Garth / King (voice))", "G.K. Bowes (Daria / Freda / Fran (voice))", "Harper Fogelson (Porcupine (voice))", "Willa Fogelson (Bear Cub (voice))", "Maxwell Je (Winston (voice))", "Julia Max (Live action reference (voice))", "Christopher Corey Smith (Marcel / Paddy / Rogue #3 (voice))", "Hugh Tyrrell (Salty (voice))", "Kate Higgins (Kate / Stinky / Lily (voice))", "R. Martin Klein (Tony / Rogue #2 (voice) (as Bill Lader))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Niko", "content": "i don't know how to describe this movie other than absolutely fantastic! i loved the first \"Alpha and Omega\" movie, it's 1 of the best movies i ever seen. it had conflict, it had great humor, it had a great story, it had lovable characters with great voice acting... i loved it! it was the best.\r\n\r\nnow, i been waiting for 3 years about a sequel to \"Alpha and Omega\" and in 3 years, we had nothing. well, right up til August. i saw it and i got over-hyped! i still couldn't believe they were gonna make a sequel to my all time favorite movie. \"Alpha and Omega 2\", how could it not be great? Cause it IS great, it's the perfect sequel to a fantastic 2010 movie.\r\n\r\nit came out in October 8th of 2013, not theatrical but straight-to-DVD. either way i sat back, relaxed and checked it out. and man, did i ADORE this movie! \"Alpha and Omega 2\" was fantastic and it has everything a sequel should have.\r\n\r\nfirst of all, the cast's changed, so we got unknown American actors. i thought this was gonna be a let down, but i was dead wrong! the acting was great, it had perfect timing. and i say cause even though these actors are brand-new, surprisingly they really know how to act and they sound almost exactly like the original cast. that's a BIG plus about the movie and it's always a great thing.\r\nalso, the characters are lovable. i loved all the characters in this movie. even the bears! i was shocked that i liked the bears too. cause i didn't really care bout the bears in Alpha and Omega 1, i thought they were shoe-horned in just for the sake being there. but in the sequel, i ended up liking em too. and don't worry, that's always a good thing. the jokes are better in this movie, the script's stronger and really well-written. this movie had really good dialogue, i liked that.\r\nand Kate's still ridiculously hot, as usual. not only that, but she's also more fun loving in this one, she's nicer and she proves to be a great mom. she's a great mom to 3 super cute puppies. admit it, they're super cute.\r\n\r\nthe only bummer i had with the movie is that it's way too short, and the ending felt abrupt. like everything was just hitting climax and i was like \"alright, this is gonna be the greatest thing i seen all year long!\". but then, it just ends at only 47 minutes. they find the gas station again and they decide to spend the night there. i was like \"what?! okay... a bit too abrupt, but it was fine\". yeah, compared to the original movie, the animation isn't as good here. it does have some gorgeous scenery in it but in some scenes, it looked like it wasn't 100% finished. that kinda bugged me a little cause i was expecting an improved animation. it does improve, but not 100%.\r\n\r\ndespite all that, like i said: \"Alpha and Omega 2\" is a perfect sequel to a fantastic movie. i loved this movie so much, and now i got both movies on DVD and Blu-Ray, and i'm so happy. now, i can watch both movies whenever i want. there 2 more sequels in the franchise coming up, and i'm so excited. i just hope they're as great as \"Alpha and Omega 2\". till then, not only is this the best animated movie of October, this is also 1 of the best movies of 2013.\r\n\r\n\"Alpha and Omega 2: A Howl-iday Adventure\" definitely is... AWESOMETACULAR!\r\n\r\n10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [258096, 294512, 397127, 353430], "youtube_key": "Gb_vl-ZQQUs"}