{"tmdb_id": 227973, "title": "Snoopy et les Peanuts: Le Film", "original_title": "The Peanuts Movie", "slug_title": "snoopy-et-les-peanuts-le-film", "date": "2015-11-01", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Animation / Familial"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Snoopy, Charlie Brown, Lucy, Linus et le reste du gang bien aim\u00e9 des \u00ab Peanuts \u00bb font leurs d\u00e9buts sur grand \u00e9cran, comme vous ne les avez jamais vus auparavant, en 3D ! Charlie Brown, le loser le plus adorable qui soit, se lance dans une aventure h\u00e9ro\u00efque, tandis que son plus fid\u00e8le compagnon, Snoopy, s\u2019\u00e9lance dans les airs \u00e0 la poursuite de son ennemi jur\u00e9 le Baron Rouge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Riryt5HqjAjLDeIayBSAOtxUKL.jpg", "actors": ["Noah Schnapp (Charlie Brown (voice))", "Bill Melendez (Snoopy / Woodstock (voice))", "Marleik 'Mar Mar' Walker (Franklin Armstrong (voice))", "Alexander Garfin (Linus (voice))", "Hadley Belle Miller (Lucy van Pelt (voice))", "Rebecca Bloom (Marcie (voice))", "Anastasia Bredikhina (Patty (voice))", "Venus Schultheis (Peppermint Patty (voice))", "A. J. Tecce (Pigpen (voice))", "Mariel Sheets (Sally Brown (voice))", "Noah Johnston (Schroeder (voice))", "William Wunsch (Shermy (voice))", "Madisyn Shipman (Violet Grey (voice))", "Kristin Chenoweth (Fifi (voice))", "Micah Revelli (Little Kid (voice))", "Trombone Shorty (Miss Othmar / Mrs. Little Red-Haired Girl (voice))", "Francesca Capaldi (The Little Red-Haired Girl / Frieda (voice))", "Holly Dorff (Various Voices (voice))", "Kelly Michele Mills (Various Voices (voice))", "Al Nelson (Various Voices (voice))", "Tessa Netting (Various Voices (voice))", "Randy Thom (Various Voices (voice))", "Randy Trager (Various Voices (voice))", "Gwendolyn Yates Whittle (Various Voices (voice))", "Gia Bravos (Group Voices (voice))", "Ileanna Bravos (Group Voices (voice))", "Nikolas Bravos (Group Voices (voice))", "Clayton Drier (Group Voices (voice))", "Kori Elmore (Group Voices (voice))", "Adam Joshua Jastrow (Group Voices (voice))", "Frances Bella Kayser (Group Voices (voice))", "Theodore F. Kayser (Group Voices (voice))", "Ava Kramer (Group Voices (voice))", "Sam Lavagnino (Group Voices (voice))", "Ava Leslie (Group Voices (voice))", "Jaiden A. M. Mathews (Group Voices (voice))", "Terence Matthews II (Group Voices (voice))", "Dylan Naber (Group Voices (voice))", "Marley Pearson (Group Voices (voice))", "Aram\u00e9 Scott (Group Voices (voice))", "Eden Vietro (Group Voices (voice))", "Nicole Wedel (Group Voices (voice))", "Allen Zyler (Group Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> \"...who does that?\" \"-Only Charlie Brown.\"\r\n\r\nIn the last few years I have not got tired to praise in my review for those my childhood tv favourite cartoons successfully transformed into 3D animations. After 'Tintin', 'Doraemon', 'Asterix', 'Mr Peabody' 'Winnie' and a few others, now this movie joined the club. I'm waiting for many more like 'Garfield', 'Kim Possible', 'Calvin & Hobbes' et cetera to make its way.\r\n\r\n'Peanuts' characters considered one of the beautiful cartoon characters, just like 'Calvin & Hobbes'. They're simple drawings, yet very cute and delightful. These are mostly best suited to render in 2D animation, so till I watch them in 3D I always had a curiosity and doubts. This film is still a mix of both styles  - like eyes, mouth, dusts and in the side view, it was 2D drawing, but overall characters and backgrounds are 3D.\r\n\r\nIt was so good movie, for the 90 minutes I became a child again. As usual, there were two tales, one was Snoopy's fictional account and the others' Charlie Brown's crush on a little red-haired girl. Both of them were great, but I liked Charlie's a lot.\r\n\r\nOnce the animation was considered only for the kids, but now the world sees it differently. This film had an excellent box office. So definitely there will be a sequel. My only upset is it failed to do good at Annie awards, but anyway, like Disney studio says, that award ceremony is a joke and a disgrace to animation and animation (movie) fans.\r\n\r\n8\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I was pretty far from enthralled. However, I do say that we the caveat of, I am definitely not the target audience for this. I am too young to have grown up with the original _Peanuts_, and have that nostalgia, but also too old to be in the demographic for your average kid's movie. And even I must praise the animation style. The blending of the original hand-drawn design with the 3D CGI made for a truly unique visual aesthetic that I found very impressive.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Definitely not for me, but I sort of get the appeal._"}], "recommandations_id": [263109, 170687, 105864, 145220], "youtube_key": "fVR4E6Q6u5g"}