{"tmdb_id": 22803, "title": "Que justice soit faite", "original_title": "Law Abiding Citizen", "slug_title": "que-justice-soit-faite", "date": "2009-10-15", "genre": "Drame / Crime / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Dix ans apr\u00e8s le meurtre de sa femme et sa fille, un homme se dresse contre le procureur en charge du proc\u00e8s des meurtriers, pour obtenir lui-m\u00eame la justice. Sa vengeance menace tout aussi bien l'homme qui leur a accord\u00e9 la cl\u00e9mence, que le syst\u00e8me et la ville elle-m\u00eame.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7DtZy9pwFSVsmpFFxynoJJ0ZaWQ.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Foxx (Nick Rice)", "Gerard Butler (Clyde Alexander Shelton)", "Colm Meaney (Detective Dunnigan)", "Bruce McGill (Jonas Cantrell)", "Leslie Bibb (Sarah Lowell)", "Michael Irby (Detective Garza)", "Gregory Itzin (Warden Iger)", "Regina Hall (Kelly Rice)", "Emerald-Angel Young (Denise Rice)", "Christian Stolte (Clarence Darby)", "Annie Corley (Judge Laura Burch)", "Richard Portnow (Bill Reynolds)", "Viola Davis (Mayor April Henry)", "Michael Kelly (Bray)", "Josh Stewart (Rupert Ames)", "Roger Bart (Brian Bringham)", "Dan Bittner (Sereno)", "Brooke Stacy Mills (Clyde's Wife)", "Patrick McDade (Charlie - City Hall Security)", "Richard Barlow (Older Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You can\u2019t fight fate. Right?\r\n\r\nGerard Butler stars as Clyde Shelton, a man forced to not only watch his wife and daughter be raped and murdered in his own home, but to also have to sit there and watch the justice system fail him. So he wages a one man war against pretty much everyone involved. \r\n\r\nHoo-Hah! The big hitting critics hated it, with comments ranging from it being sub-normal, preposterous, ugly and morally corrupt, to it being a comic book film of moral hectoring! Naturally, as the critics were at pains to point out that it would, it made a pot load at the box office and is generally well liked by a good portion of the action/revenge/thriller loving populace.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s always a big grey area with revenge/vigilante movies that really brings out the debate crowd, but what rarely gets said is that through the actions of these cinematic waste layers is the chance for many, many, folk to live vicariously. Yes! 99% of the common man and woman do indeed sit back and trust our respective legal systems to do what\u2019s right and just, but oh how we feel that given similar circumstances we would want to vent spleen with furious anger.\r\n\r\nLaw Abiding Citizen is a riot, at its heart it does have something to say, even asking some pertinent questions. Do these social smarts come bursting through the bloody haze to make a point? No, they get submerged in a whirl of kinetic fury and socko violence, but they are there, caustically so. But hey! For shocks, twists and outrageous set-pieces, this picture rocks the big one. Vicarious living through cinema \u2013 wonderful. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18501, 18487, 43539, 7551]}