{"tmdb_id": 228161, "title": "En route !", "original_title": "Home", "slug_title": "en-route", "date": "2015-03-18", "genre": ["Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Animation / Science-Fiction / Familial"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Les BOOVS, aliens \u00e0 l\u2019ego surdimensionn\u00e9, choisissent, pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 leurs ennemis jur\u00e9s les GORGS, de faire de la Terre leur nouvelle plan\u00e8te d\u2019adoption. Mais OH, l\u2019un d\u2019entre eux, va r\u00e9v\u00e9ler accidentellement la cachette de son peuple... Contraint de fuir, il fait la connaissance de TIF, une jeune fille \u00e0 la recherche de sa m\u00e8re. Ensemble, ils vont devenir d\u2019improbables fugitifs embarqu\u00e9s dans l\u2019aventure de leur vie et vont r\u00e9aliser que les enjeux auxquels ils font face sont beaucoup plus complexes que de simples m\u00e9sententes intergalactiques\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b7czgMTk5txqLr2UczBb0Wez77E.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Parsons (Oh (voice))", "Rihanna (Gratuity 'Tip' Tucci (voice))", "Steve Martin (Capitain Smek (voice))", "Jennifer Lopez (Lucy Tucci (voice))", "Matt Jones (Kyle (voice))", "Brian Stepanek (Gorg Commander / Father (voice))", "April Lawrence (Boov Announcer (voice))", "Stephen Kearin (Boov (voice))", "Brian Stepanek (Boov (voice))", "Lisa Stewart (Boov (voice))", "April Winchell (Boov (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A little girl and her unexpected adventure with an unlikely friend.\r\n\r\nIt was a good movie, but just like 'Turbo', it was turned down by the critics and so those who follow them. Besides Disney and Pixar, DreamWorks Animation ain't that bad at all. Technical side of this film comes under same league with the other two top production house, but the story and the character are not strong enough. Comedies were awesome, and so the dialogues, the innovation in narration falls short with the same old cliche in the alien theme. The soundtracks were good though, especially that one used for the promotion, 'feel the light'.\r\n\r\nFor a change, the lead girl character was different and voice rendered by Rihanna. I said it many times that my first ever 3D animation was 'Ants', despite 'Toy Story' was the first feature length. And this film has been the best work of the director to till date since his first flick 'Antz'. As usual like any animated movie, it was targeted for children, but I enjoyed watching it. There won't be a sequel at least for now, but I would love to have one. For a change you can try this to get a break from the fairytales and princess stories.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [82703, 270946, 172385, 159824], "youtube_key": "G9F6VhFY4wY"}