{"tmdb_id": 228203, "title": "McFarland, USA", "original_title": "McFarland, USA", "slug_title": "mcfarland-usa", "date": "2015-02-20", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie d'un entra\u00eeneur d'athl\u00e9tisme en Californie, qui mit sur pied une \u00e9quipe sportive \u00e0 majorit\u00e9 hispanique qui saura surmonter ses handicaps sociaux pour devenir championne dans les ann\u00e9es 80.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kV3Bk0PGwYhHLy1JppK3ZbVh7IB.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Costner (Jim White)", "Ramiro Rodriguez (Danny Diaz)", "Carlos Pratts (Thomas Valles)", "Johnny Ortiz (Jose Cardenas)", "Rafael Martinez (David Diaz)", "Hector Duran (Johnny Sameniego)", "Sergio Avelar (Victor Puentes)", "Michael Aguero (Damacio Diaz)", "Diana Maria Riva (Se\u00f1ora Diaz)", "Omar Leyva (Se\u00f1or Diaz)", "Valente Rodriguez (Principal Camillo)", "Danny Mora (Sammy Rosaldo)", "Maria Bello (Cheryl White)", "Morgan Saylor (Julie White)", "Elsie Fisher (Jamie White)", "Martha Higareda (Lupe)", "Ben Hernandez Bray (Ernesto Valles)", "Vanessa Martinez (Maria Marisol)", "Adriana Diaz Chapa (Laura)", "Rigo Sanchez (Javi)", "Natalia C\u00f3rdova-Buckley (Se\u00f1ora Valles)", "Chris Ellis Jr. (Coach Jenks)", "Eloy Casados (Dale Padilla)", "Josh Clark (Coach Jameson)", "Chelsea Rendon (Sonia Rosaldo)", "Daniel Moncada (Eddie)", "Ashley Bravo (Lola Valles)", "Chad Mountain (Clovis Coach)", "J. Downing (Race Official (State))", "Brian Connors (Park Aide)", "Alex MacNicoll (Fitz Mitchell)", "Vincent Martella (Brandon)", "Michael Tong (Hunter - Centennial Runner)", "Baxter Frick (Blowdry - Stevens Creek Runner)", "Regi Davis (Centennial Coach)", "Juana Flores (Se\u00f1ora Soto)", "Connor Weil (Palo Alto Runner #1)", "Tyler Sellers (Palo Alto Runner #2)", "Anthony Renaud (Starter (Race #1))", "Brian Hayes Currie (Stevens Creek Coach)", "Sarah Benoit (Principal Camillo's Assistant)", "Isabelle Ortega (School Librarian)", "Jorge Luis Padilla (Young Cholo)", "Salvador Velez (Player #1)", "Isaiah Gonzales (Player #2)", "Catherine Toribio (Flirting Girl #1)", "Rosa Ochoa (Flirting Girl #2)", "Rebecca Silva (Grandmother Valles)", "John Funk (Centennial Assistant Coach)", "Sean O'Connell (Morro Bay Coach)", "Jeffrey Sheller (Palo Alto Assistant Coach)", "Mariachi Sol de Mexico (Mariachi Band)", "Alfredo Lopez (Mariachi Singer)", "Jackie Di Crystal (Teacher (uncredited))", "Mariann Gavelo (Low Rider Cover Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It's just a matter of when, one to find his place to fit in.\r\n\r\nNothing wrong to call it an another version of 'Spare Parts', but it dealt with a different subject. It is a biographical-sport film, about a running race team involving seven high school students from one of the poorest towns in America, McFarland. But the tale begins with the coach Jim White, who finally arrives with his family there after got fired frequently in the other cities. Not intended to stay for a long period, but he has no other choice. He finds hard to fit in the society and get along with his students, but he manages to get going when he forms a team for the upcoming cross-country running race. So their journey puts the small town on the map.\r\n\r\nA very inspiring film, not just sports personalities, but anyone who wants to achieve in life should see it. So a must see film for the students and the youngsters. It is not just about the sport, but culture and society. The first act was an introduction, where and how everyone comes together was revealed. Followed by the middle part focused more on the game. Getting prepared for it and facing other troubles that stands obstacle to it. And finally in the third act, it kind of loses what originally intended as a theme, but brings the social matter into it before getting back to where it belongs to curtain.\r\n\r\nThere was lots of modification in the cinema version compared to the original story. Characters, locations, events, all were kind of randomised from the actuality to the different timelines just to tell a good story. After all, this is a Disney film and Disney always seeks a decent family theme, yet it still remains true to the real. From the New Zealand director of 'Whale Rider' fame, another brilliant film. Apart from the super Kevin Costner and his family, the rest of the cast was so perfect. One of the best sport-dramas of the year and Disney done it again. You no need to analyse it to choose, just go for it and it won't disappoint you.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [264337, 198185, 232679, 200505]}