{"tmdb_id": 228205, "title": "Chemins crois\u00e9s", "original_title": "The Longest Ride", "slug_title": "chemins-croises", "date": "2015-04-09", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire d'amour de Luke, un ancien champion de rod\u00e9o et Sophia, une \u00e9tudiante \u00e0 l'unversit\u00e9 qui aspire \u00e0 travailler dans le monde de l'art \u00e0 New York. Alors que leur couple est mis \u00e0 l'epreuve par les difficult\u00e9s de la vie, Sophia et Luke se lient d'amiti\u00e9 avec Ira, un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de la Seconde Guerre mondiale qui leur raconte son propre parcours amoureux tumultueux et tragique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9oduon4a0w5a398r2o1M28s3upC.jpg", "actors": ["Scott Eastwood (Luke Collins)", "Britt Robertson (Sophia Danko)", "Lolita Davidovich (Kate Collins)", "Melissa Benoist (Marcia)", "Jack Huston (Young Ira)", "Oona Chaplin (Young Ruth)", "Alan Alda (Ira Levinson)", "Amy Parrish (Andrea McDonald)", "Elea Oberon (Mrs. Pfeffer)", "Kate Forbes (Ira's Mother)", "Tiago Riani (Luiz)", "Danny Vinson (Larry Till)", "Hayley Lovitt (Rodeo Girl / Dancer)", "Tracey Bonner (Nurse Wilson)", "Jaret Sears (Joe Parks)", "Hunter Burke (David Stein)", "Evan Taylor Burns (Country Band Member)", "Ben Jarvis Dumas (Country Band Member)", "Barry J. Ratcliffe (Auctioneer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "This movie is just \"This movie is just \"prescindible\". Boring without end for a story we know how it will end, full of stereotypes, like the collecting Jew couple. Viewers are still trying to understand the hidden metaphor connecting the story of the old man (and why does he have letters at all?) and the young couple.\r\n\r\nI don't think the cast performs too bad, the script is just horrible."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Would you let your dream go for the sake of love of your life!\r\n\r\nI watched it specially for Scott Eastwood. I did not like his performances in the previous films I had seen, so expected this one to change my perspective and I'm truly happy with it. If you are a romance novel and film fan, then you probably would have heard the name Nicholas Sparks. I haven't read his books, but I surely love almost all the films based on his material. So expected this film to be another romance masterpiece, but it was not, not entirely.\r\n\r\nYep, it is not a great film, but still a beautiful and enjoyable film. The cast was good, especially I love anything with Britt Roberson. The film had dual layer narration, one being set during the 40s onwards and the other was the present time tale. Both of them were about the young romance and their fight to overcome various issues surrounded their relationship. Kind of original and that's the best quality of this film.\r\n\r\nI think the director did his best who's known for some fine works. The film should have been a lot better, only if it was a bit emotionalised, which is very essential for a theme like this. I thought the final scene was cliche, but after waiting for a few more seconds, I relieved for changing its course in the final minute to conclude decently. The drawback was the length of the narration and the overall slow pace, other than that mostly you won't end up disappointed with this. Recommended!\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [239571, 112949, 77877, 22971], "youtube_key": "FUS_Q7FsfqU"}