{"tmdb_id": 22825, "title": "The Box", "original_title": "The Box", "slug_title": "the-box", "date": "2009-09-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Les Etats-Unis dans les ann\u00e9es 70, Norma, son \u00e9poux Arthur m\u00e8nent une vie tr\u00e8s ordinaire dans une petite ville am\u00e9ricaine jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 une,myst\u00e9rieuse bo\u00eete en verre est d\u00e9pos\u00e9e devant leur domicile. Peu de temps apr\u00e8s, le couple fait la connaissance de l'\u00e9nigmatique Arlington Stewart. Ce dernier leur explique le fonctionnement de l'appareil muni d'une clef, d'un bouton rouge. En appuyant sur celuici, le couple se verra offrir la coquette somme d'un million de dollars.Malheureusement, ce gain est assorti d'une terrible condition : leur geste entra\u00eenerait en effet automatiquementla mort d'un inconnu. Pour le couple, c'est le d\u00e9but d'un terrible dilemme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1zinhNzY0okQVD1aZBZyrLffugu.jpg", "actors": ["Cameron Diaz (Norma Lewis)", "James Marsden (Arthur Lewis)", "Frank Langella (Arlington Steward)", "Michael Zegen (Garcin)", "James Rebhorn (Norm Cahill)", "Holmes Osborne (Dick Burns)", "Gillian Jacobs (Dana)", "Celia Weston (Lana Burns)", "Lisa K. Wyatt (Rhonda Martin)", "Michele Durrett (Rebecca Matheson)", "John Magaro (Charles)", "Allyssa Brooke (Suzanne Weller)", "Cheryl McMahon (Female 911 Operator)", "Jenna Lamia (Diane Carnes)", "Jodie Brunelle (911 Operator)", "Evelina Turen (Deborah Burns)", "John Franchi (Lurker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you push the button, two things will happen.\r\n\r\nThe best quote I ever saw as regards Richard Kelly's The Box, was that it is a Marmite movie. Marmite is a food substance that people either love or hate, The Box is a Marmite movie. \r\n\r\nCameron Diaz and James Marsden star as a couple who are visited by a mysterious stranger (Frank Langella) who has a bizarre offer. The Box now in the couple's possession has a button, they are told that if they push the button then a complete stranger will die, they will then receive a life changing amount of money. What to do? \r\n\r\nBased on a Richard Matheson short story titled Button, Button, The Box is an ethereal mind meld of a piece. Morals and ethics are married up to a whole bunch of twists and other worldly ideas, which goes some way to explaining that where once there was a more than adequate half hour Twilight Zone episode (Profile in Silver/Button, Button (1986)), there is now a near two hour movie crammed to the brim. It's this that hurts an otherwise stylishly produced and potentially thoughtful picture. \r\n\r\nAfter the raves and craves for his Donnie Darko (2001), Richard Kelly appeared to believe the press praise, that here was a new surreal director on the block. Where M. Night Shyamalan had success with the twist gimmick and couldn't let it go until his career went in the swamp, so to Kelly who kept straining to make movies that were needlessly over complex, trying to be smart when it isn't needed (Southland Tales (2006) is a car wreck of a movie). The Box does have intelligence and lots of good ideas, but a two hour film it does not make, with the attempts at weaving all the threads together proving to be too problematic come the finale. Incredulity a most appropriate word, plausibility is not. \r\n\r\nThe Box, an intriguing - attractive - failure, but some do and will love it. If you haven't seen it then roll the dice and good luck. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19898, 2637, 19901, 10145], "youtube_key": "nSOjMkoBYYA"}