{"tmdb_id": 228320, "title": "Alaska Johansson", "original_title": "Alaska Johansson", "slug_title": "alaska-johansson", "date": "2013-10-16", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Alaska Johansson is the perfect woman and she is the best in her profession as a headhunter. One day she is fired by her boss, a married man who she has an affair with. He also tells her that their relationship has no future. She decides that her best option is to commit suicide with a poison cocktail. She is saved when a child in a Halloween costume enters her apartment demanding sweets. Something is not right about the child. Later her neighbor is going to tell here that there never was a child. Alaska\u2019s world is turning upside down, her perceptions seem to be merely illusions. When her car starts to act on its own and causes a crash, she becomes convinced that someone is conspiring against her. Or is there another, darker secret in Alaska\u2019s life?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5ZzJqgxpeCVirjCmwUh2UHRal8m.jpg", "actors": ["Alina Levshin (Alaska Johansson)", "Stipe Erceg (Nachbar)", "Sebastian Schipper (Notarzt)", "Alexander Held (E. L. Johansson)", "Sibylle Canonica (Ednar Johansson)", "Fritz Roth (Dicker Polizist)", "Luc Feit (Beamter in Zivil)", "Annika Becker (Kleines Ungeheuer)", "Marie Becker (Kleines Ungeheuer)", "Stephan Bissmeier (Oskar Brandt)", "Inez Bj\u00f8rg David (Freundin des Notarztes)", "Michael Benthin (Techniker)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}