{"tmdb_id": 228341, "title": "Thotti Gang", "original_title": "\u0c24\u0c4a\u0c1f\u0c4d\u0c1f\u0c3f\u0c17\u0c4d\u0c2f\u0c3e\u0c02\u0c17\u0c4d", "slug_title": "thotti-gang", "date": "2002-12-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Achi Babu (Allari Naresh), Sathi Babu (Sunil) and Suri Babu (Prabhu Deva) are the best buddies since childhood. They form a band that does multi purpose jobs like acting as band of boys for marriages, professional catchers of dogs, and cremation service guys. Karate Malliswari (Gajala), another childhood nightmarish karate-skill-flaunting damsel, lures Achi Babu into love. Then she snatches Achi Babu away from Suri Babu and Sathi Babu to make him her live-in boy friend. They also get engaged to each other. Irritated by their act, Suri Babu and Sathi Babu kidnap Malliswari. They tie her to a chair and then hatch another plan to make Achi Babu believe that Malliswari is dead. In that process, they dig a 'fresh' dead body from a crematorium, pack her in the car of Malliswari and throw that car into a valley. Police confirms that Malliswari is dead and Achi Babu's heart breaks again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yaIkmbSIZwkmtmCsWblCqEXmbwO.jpg", "actors": ["Allari Naresh (Achi Babu)", "Prabhu Deva (Suri babu)", "Sunil Varma (Sathi Babu)", "Gajala (Karate Malliswari)", "Brahmanandam ()", "L. B. Sriram ()", "Chalapathi Rao ()", "M. S. Narayana ()", "Lakshmipati ()", "Anita Hassanandani (Venkata Lakshmi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}