{"tmdb_id": 228533, "title": "The Ass Party 6", "original_title": "The Ass Party 6", "slug_title": "the-ass-party-6", "date": "2013-10-08", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "There's a party in the rear, and it's a real blowout! In 'The Ass Party 6,' over at veteran director Joey Silvera's place, his gorgeous cast eagerly performs twisted acts of lustful anal depravity in six outrageously perverted vignettes. First, all-natural brunette Savannah Fox takes Billy Glide's massive member up her tight butt while buzzing her pussy with a vibrating wand. She sucks cock ass-to-mouth and opens wide for a messy cum shot. Young European knockout Valentina Nappi enjoys a three-way session of nasty anal therapy courtesy of lovely Doctor of Assology Sarah Shevon and her male assistant. Sexy brunette Alana Rains seductively puffs on a cigarillo until Dana DeArmond takes charge, probing and stretching Alana's sphincter. Muscular Jordan Ash ravages both ladies, and after Dana's wrecked her own rectum with a baseball bat (!), she and Alana share a messy load of cum. Alana even gives the director a smoking, POV-style knob job!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8FVUXFeSDC2OBbsuZa1n4sckk8Q.jpg", "actors": ["Alana Rains ()", "Penny Pax ()", "Dana DeArmond ()", "Casey Calvert ()", "Sarah Shevon ()", "Savannah Fox ()", "Valentina Nappi ()", "Mr. Pete ()", "Jordan Ash ()", "Joey Silvera ()", "James Deen ()", "Dahlia Sky ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}