{"tmdb_id": 228970, "title": "Wild", "original_title": "Wild", "slug_title": "wild", "date": "2014-12-05", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Une femme qui essaye de se reconstruire d\u00e9cide de faire une longue randonn\u00e9e sur la c\u00f4te ouest des \u00c9tats-Unis. Apr\u00e8s plusieurs ann\u00e9es d\u2019errance, d\u2019addiction et l\u2019\u00e9chec de son couple, Cheryl Strayed prend une d\u00e9cision radicale : elle tourne le dos \u00e0 son pass\u00e9 et, sans aucune exp\u00e9rience, se lance dans un p\u00e9riple en solitaire de 1700 kilom\u00e8tres, \u00e0 pied, avec pour seule compagnie le souvenir de sa m\u00e8re disparue\u2026 Cheryl va affronter ses plus grandes peurs, approcher ses limites, fr\u00f4ler la folie et d\u00e9couvrir sa force.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qIKwF9qBbsEUwX2VMRuYzpYezWo.jpg", "actors": ["Reese Witherspoon (Cheryl Strayed)", "Laura Dern (Bobbi Grey)", "Thomas Sadoski (Paul)", "Keene McRae (Leif)", "Michiel Huisman (Jonathan)", "W. Earl Brown (Frank)", "Gaby Hoffmann (Aimee)", "Kevin Rankin (Greg)", "Brian Van Holt (Ranger)", "Cliff DeYoung (Ed)", "Mo McRae (Jimmy Carter)", "Will Cuddy (Josh)", "Leigh Parker (Rick)", "Nick Eversman (Richie)", "Ray Mist (Joe)", "Randy Schulman (Therapist)", "Cathryn de Prume (Stacey)", "Kurt Conroyd (Greg's Friend)", "Ted de Chatelet (Greg's Friend)", "Jeffree Newman (Greg's Friend)", "Lorraine Bahr (Lou)", "Jerry Carlton (Dave)", "Kevin-Michael Moore (Spider)", "Debra Pralle (Saleswoman)", "Gray Eubank (Doctor)", "Anne Sorce (Nurse)", "Charles Baker (T.J.)", "J.D. Evermore (Clint)", "Beth Hall (Desk Clerk)", "Jan Hoag (Annette)", "Carlee McManus (Notary)", "Art Alexakis (Tattooist)", "Anne Gee Byrd (Vera)", "Evan O'Toole (Kyle)", "Jeanine Jackson (Lecturer)", "Jason Newell (Ronald Nylund)", "Barry O'Neil (Young Suit #1)", "Richard Morris (Young Suit #2)", "Bobbi Strayed Lindstrom (Cheryl (6 Yrs Old))", "Robert Alan Barnett (Man at Gas Station)", "William Nelson (Leif (3 Yrs Old))", "Tony Doupe (Man Behind Counter)", "Dan Considine (Weird Dude)", "Andrew Saunderson (Outdoor Store Clerk)", "Greg James (Man at the Hotel Bar)", "Orianna Milne (Paul's Girlfriend)", "Brian Borcherdt (Grateful Dead Cover Band)", "Eric D. Johnson (Grateful Dead Cover Band)", "Matt Pascua (Wayne)", "Edric Carter (Male Nurse)", "Matthew Noyes (Grateful Dead Fan Musicians)", "John Dickerson (Grateful Dead Fan Musicians)", "Denise McSweeny (Toll Booth Operator)", "Alina Gatti (College Freshman)", "Henry Shotwell (Son of Man at Gas Station)", "Cheryl Strayed (Woman in Truck)", "Vincent M. Biscione (Truck Driver (uncredited))", "Dylan Hall (Hippie Kid (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Return to where we've come from to revive our life.\r\n\r\nEver since the movie 'Dallas Buyers Club' grabbed the three golden statues at the Oscars, the director has been in the spotlight. But I was enjoying his movies before that and yet this one is another remarkable adventurous-drama based on the real expedition into the wild. Cheryl Strayed whose story was this film based upon appeared in the beginning scene where she drops off her version of the movie character and wishes her a luck.\r\n\r\nThe world is round, you can't runaway with your problems. If you do, you might end up where you have started. That's why its called a circle of life, goes round and round and round. You can hide your issues with yourself, but it may lead to a depression. Sometime when an experiment goes wrong, it's better to restart from the scratch with a different method. Here in our (human) lives some people do the same, return to where we've come from to restore the lost life. Of course I said all these, because this flick was inspired by such real incident.\r\n\r\nI prefer this film was very close to the Australian movie 'Tracks' than bringing 'Into the Wild' into the frame. Obviously the Australian movie and this one are about the two young women, but the thing is, the story deals with the different motivation for their decision to take part in the quest. The Aussie flick has an edge over this when it comes to the challenges faced during the journey and also I loved from narration to photography, music and performance.\r\n\r\nSince they both inspired by the true story, I appreciate the filmmaker's effort to bring them into the screen and salute to those two magnificent ladies. In both the films, both the women psychologically affected by their earlier stage of lives which was one of the reasons to step into the wild. I feel, 'Tracks' should have been nominated instead this movie for the Academy Awards.\r\n\r\n> I've always been someone's daughter or mother or wife.\r\n> I never got to be in the driver's seat of my own life.\r\n\r\nIt was a wonderful 2014 for Reese Witherspoon. Back to back career reviving; biographical and inspiring human emotion movies in this graphic, sci-fi and fantasy dominated era. The year's sweetheart for the critics and I doubt there will be another same year. Remember, she was nominated for the Oscars for her role in this film.\r\n\r\nThe disappointment was the adventures. Not what I expected. The struggles were unable to reach for our deep heart compared to other self-discovery voyage films. Weight she carried and losing a toe nail, I don't see much impact because those are supposed to happen. This PCT (Pacific Crest Trail) is well planned and partially protected the hikers with all the needs supplied all along the route. The only thing they have to do is stay away from the wild lives and watch-out for the intruders between the checkpoints.\r\n\r\nIn other end coping with depression was what I loved in the movie. Without those flashbacks this film was nothing. Literally, this story all about the mental healing. The pain she carried, she just wanted to eject it from her body and mind, and the journey helped it. The funny thing is I liked Laura Dern a lot than anybody in the movie. Her character as well as her dialogues was very inspiring. Her nominee for the actress in a supporting role was justified. I can watch this film again and again, only for her alone, sadly she won't appear for a long stay.\r\n\r\nI loved it, but not completely pleased with the product. The reason is 'Tracks'. I think the film came at the wrong time or maybe I saw this one when the other flick was still hot and fresh in my memory. An achievement is an achievement, I respect both the films. You like the movie or not, that's a secondary thought regarding movie's outcome.  But it's a must see for disclosing the extraordinary adventure of an ordinary young woman.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [87492, 85350, 284293, 239563]}