{"tmdb_id": 229005, "title": "The Bachelor Father", "original_title": "The Bachelor Father", "slug_title": "the-bachelor-father", "date": "1931-01-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Lonely in his English country estate, Sir Basil decides to gather his grown (albeit illegitimate) children around him in his declining years. He uses a ledger which keeps track of the payments he has been making to ex-lovers to locate 2 of them, and a third is found by a lawyer in New York, her mother was too proud to accept any money. Sir Basil is a curmudgeon, and his three adult children have a hard time with him at first. Toni, the American, is a free spirit who had a budding career in show business. Jeffery is English and a semi-gentleman, and Maria is Italian, with a Latin temperament. They begin to bond, especially Sir Basil and Toni, whose outgoing personality finally wins over the old man. But past lives begin to creep back into the picture and threaten the old man's plans for a life filled with his children.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iOBjihlBNDYvVVBRcxdzgEbNKpg.jpg", "actors": ["Marion Davies (Antoinette 'Tony' Flagg)", "Ralph Forbes (John Ashley)", "C. Aubrey Smith (Sir Basil Algernon 'Chief' Winterton)", "Ray Milland (Geoffrey Trent)", "Guinn Williams (Richard 'Dick' Berney)", "David Torrence (Dr. Frank 'Mac' MacDonald)", "Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Julia Webb)", "Edgar Norton (Bolton, the Second Butler)", "Nina Quartero (Maria Credaro)", "Halliwell Hobbes (Larkin, the Butler)", "Elizabeth Murray (Mrs. 'Aunt Molly' Berney)", "James Gordon (Mr. Carson Creswell, a Lawyer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}