{"tmdb_id": 229182, "title": "The Harvest", "original_title": "The Harvest", "slug_title": "the-harvest", "date": "2013-10-19", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Une famille, dont le fils est malade, vit isol\u00e9e de tous jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 une jeune fille vient s'installer \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 de chez eux. Les jeunes gens se lient rapidement d'amiti\u00e9, mais la m\u00e8re du jeune homme, ultra-protectrice, ne voit pas cette amiti\u00e9 d'un bon \u0153il.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jzQuSdbgHQit7Js6j7WQWgGFxkB.jpg", "actors": ["Samantha Morton (Katherine)", "Michael Shannon (Richard)", "Natasha Calis (Maryann)", "Charlie Tahan (Andy)", "Peter Fonda (Grandfather)", "Leslie Lyles (Grandmother)", "Meadow Williams (Sandra)", "Journey Smith (Pitcher)", "Nolan Lyons (Boy in the basement)", "Hayden Skigen (Schoolbus Kid)", "Amina Robinson (Boy's Mom)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The truth always finds its way out.\r\n\r\nThe Majority of us don't even this movie is exist. Because they never promoted it and it never theatrically released. But I came across and accidentally found it, then I decided to give it a try like my usual support for the unnoticed flicks. In fact, the movie surprised me, the story was so much better than I thought, I mean awesome. But the movie had its own defects which lets it down. From the director of 'Wild Things', another decent suspense-thriller after almost 15 years.\r\n\r\nFacially I recognised some of the actors, but did not know their names, except Michael Shannon. This story is set in a rural town, and most of the scenes were shot in an isolated house and its surroundings. A young girl Maryann, who moved to live with her grandparents after her parents' death, befriends a lonely, very sick boy Andy who has always been in the bed all his life. After a while it becomes a secret relationship once the boy's mother forbids seeing each other due to the severeness of the ill. But only until the secret comes out which leads the boy in jeopardy. So what follows is the double twist, one after another and a fitting conclusion.\r\n\r\n> \"What's the difference between god and a doctor?\r\n> God doesn't think he's a doctor.\"\r\n\r\nFelt like I got a very good thriller here, but I extremely disappointed with the performances. To me the actings were the worst part in the entire film, along with a few scenes that I didn't like. Like I said, no doubt about the storyline, one of the best in the recent times, but the screenplay was utterly stupid in a few parts. Those should have been improvised for a better outcome. Especially I can't take it the way the girl for the first time meets the boy. The situation, the development, all were so silly, but somehow they had to come together where the rest of the story builds.\r\n\r\nI know I'm kind of criticising it and I'm not intensely doing that. If it was a television movie, hundreds of excuses can be given, but it was not. Initially I expected it to be a creepy flick with haunting stuffs, but soon after I realised it was another kind of horror which I call them a terror-horror (uninvolvement of ghost, spirit, zombie, et cetera, but the human who creates a terrifying atmosphere). The opening was very unusual, but comes to the point very quickly. From introducing the characters to developing the story, it took time as it is not a short movie.\r\n\r\nI never got bored, it kept me awake till the end credit. Storywise, I enjoyed it. If it was corrected all the flawed areas as I mentioned, would have been eased to accept the film by everyone. I feel it is worth suggesting, but not to everybody. If you are looking for a mystery film, then you could try it. Despite whatever I said negatively about it, I still can't able to hate it completely. Obviously it is underrated, it deserves to be praised from the one angle. In another I can't pretend like I don't see the flaws. If somebody is going to remake it in 20-30 years later from now, I'll be old and I expect them to emend the mistakes this one made.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [306969, 14866, 302135, 291151]}