{"tmdb_id": 229156, "title": "Blood Reincarnation", "original_title": "\u9670\u967d\u754c", "slug_title": "blood-reincarnation", "date": "1974-10-03", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A horror anthology. In the first, a man and his pregnant wife help an old woman bury a covered pot in a field. Believing that the pot contains treasure, they kill the old woman, only to find that it contains nothing but bones. The pregnant woman goes into labor over the dead woman's body, and blood from that event drips onto the corpse. The baby, when born, is fully able to bite his father's finger off and kill him. The second episode concerns an adulterous couple who, when discovered by the woman's husband, nail him up in a box and try various means to dispose of him, all of them somehow lacking finality. The final episode concerns a man who is wrongly accused and executed for a murder he did not commit. Using a bit of magic as he dies, he is able to return to his home for a few days as a very vigorous ghost.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Dean Shek (Ah Tak Chang)", "Wang Lai (Chang's Midwife)", "Shirley Wong Sa-Lee (Ah Heung)", "Mama Hung ()", "Mang Lee (Er Niang)", "Henry Yu Yung (Liu Zi)", "Peter Yang Kwan (Dr. Liu Tian Su)", "Tang Pao-Yun (Xiu Wen)", "Ou-Yang Sha-Fei (Sui Hong)", "Chang Pei-Shan (Lu Zi-Chun)", "Chiang Nan (Er Niang's Husband)", "Shih Ting-Ken (Zhao Xiong)", "Roy Chiao ()", "Kenneth Tsang ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}