{"tmdb_id": 229289, "title": "WCW Hog Wild 1996", "original_title": "WCW Hog Wild 1996", "slug_title": "wcw-hog-wild-1996", "date": "1996-08-10", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Hog Wild took place on August 10, 1996 from the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, South Dakota. The VHS cover featured Hulk Hogan in his Hulkster pose despite the fact that he, along with Kevin Nash and Scott Hall, formed the nWo one month prior and began being billed as Hollywood. The first eight matches aired on WCW Saturday Night on TBS. This event happened on a Saturday, instead of the normal Sunday night.  The main event was Hollywood Hogan defending the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against The Giant. Also notable was a match between The Outsiders (Kevin Nash and Scott Hall) versus Sting &amp; Lex Luger. Ric Flair defended the WCW United States Championship against Eddie Guerrero while Harlem Heat defended the WCW World tag Team Championships against The Steiner Brothers. The under card featured Chris Benoit vs Dean Malenko, Bull Nakano vs Madusa, Ice Train versus Scott Norton, and Rey Myserio, Jr. defending the WCW Cruiserweight Championship against The Ultimate Dragon.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iYeoAUb46NyNgzao9DDhTSYIqZm.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Hollywood Hogan)", "Paul Wight (The Giant)", "Steve Borden (Sting)", "Kevin Nash (Himself)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Scott Hall (Himself)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Lash Rushay Huffman (Stevie Ray)", "Robert Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Dean Simon (Dean Malenko)", "Harold Hogue, Sr. (Ice Train)", "Scott Norton (Himself)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio, Jr.)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}