{"tmdb_id": 22974, "title": "\u00dcvegtigris", "original_title": "\u00dcvegtigris", "slug_title": "uvegtigris", "date": "2001-10-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "This film tells the story of a few uneventful days in the life of six pals. Lali, a great fan of America, owns a sandwich stand on the side of the road, called The Glass Tiger. Gaben pinches cars; Fox is a petty swindler; Sanyi a half-wit homeless; Coco can't shut up about getting some dough and going to America; Slimmy keeps playing the saxophone, despite the others' frayed nerves. Gaben talks Lali into buying an old Chevrolet Impala, the real American dream. After the long escapade of getting the car, Lali doesn't even get the chance to try the Chevvy out, because a truck completely demolishes it. Fox in the meantime is looking excitedly for the \"Wreck\", what he has been trying to sell for big money. But Lali has sold what he thought to be scrap, not good for anything. Fox is threatened by some tough guys to bring it back or pay up. He has to get money at all costs...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4OqykiRGuYFaQ7ZnaCzBvWf1W9a.jpg", "actors": ["P\u00e9ter Rudolf (Lali)", "Reviczky G\u00e1bor (Gaben)", "G\u00e1sp\u00e1r S\u00e1ndor (R\u00f3ka)", "Szarvas J\u00f3zsef (Cing\u00e1r)", "Lajos Ott\u00f3 Horv\u00e1th (Sanyi)", "Enik\u0151 B\u00f6rcs\u00f6k (Woman)", "Roland Selmeczi (Bajusz)", "\u00c1rp\u00e1d Besenczi (Policeman #2)", "\u00c1kos K\u00f6szegi (Policeman #3)", "Iv\u00e1n Dengyel (Policeman #4)", "P\u00e9ter K\u00e1lloy Moln\u00e1r (The particular customer)", "Karina Kecsk\u00e9s (Betti)", "Juli B\u00e1sti (Betti's mother)", "Szil\u00e1gyi Tibor (Oszi)", "Imre Csuja (Csoki)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [36558, 52330, 40360, 17780], "youtube_key": "notfound"}