{"tmdb_id": 229847, "title": "Regal Shocker (The Movie)", "original_title": "Regal Shocker (The Movie)", "slug_title": "regal-shocker-the-movie", "date": "1989-12-24", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "(PANGAKO) A tragic love story between Lara (Carmina Villaroel) and her brother Anton\u2019s (Anjo Yllana) friend Jimbo. Due to his mom\u2019s health problems, Jimbo had to go back to Davao. Unsure when they will meet again, Lara leaves her locket to Jimbo as a sign of promise that he would come back. Unfortunately, news of Jimbo\u2019s plane crash reaches her but Lara is still holding on to Jimbo\u2019spromise. (KARAMBOLA) Spoiled brat Baby Girl (Isabel Granada), her bestfriend (Ana Roces) and their love interests, Ernest and TJ (Jeffrey Santos) attend a birthday party where they get abducted together with the guests. While the gatecrashers who, apparently went into the wrong party, threatens the group, their sheer number make them outlast the bad guys. (APARADOR) Elizabeth Sta. Maria (Ruffa Gutierrez) moves to her new apartment where a cabinet is haunted by a young girl\u2019s disturbed soul. Jenny (Judy Ann Santos) got trapped inside the cabinet after her brother locked her inside because of jealousy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fWh394bxLiXTJ6ajQfT84l7PzZ5.jpg", "actors": ["Ruffa Gutierrez ()", "Carmina Villaroel ()", "Isabel Granada ()", "Ana Roces ()", "Aljon Jimenez ()", "Jeffrey Santos ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}