{"tmdb_id": 229878, "title": "Blood and Ties", "original_title": "\uacf5\ubc94", "slug_title": "blood-and-ties", "date": "2013-10-24", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Da-eun lives a happy life with her single father, a man who sacrificed everything in his life for her. She loved her father very dearly. However, their relationship is about to take an unexpected turn. Da-eun becomes suspicious that her father might be a monstrous kidnapper. Even though she wants to believe in his innocence, she finds herself searching for evidence to the contrary. What is her father's true identity? And how will she deal with the burden of discovery if her suspicions are confirmed at the end of her final pursuit of the truth?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ujxoYzbIQ2CuSYtt1fJJv3NMhJG.jpg", "actors": ["Son Ye-jin (Jeong Daeun)", "Kim Kap-soo (Jeong Sunman)", "Lim Hyung-jun (Sim Junyeong)", "Kim Kwang-kyu (Police Jang)", "Lee Kyu-han (Jae Kyung)", "Jo An (Yeon Bo-ra)", "Kang Shin-il (Han Sang-soo)", "Park Ji-yeon (Reporter Yeo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A last minute attempt to find the truth!\r\n\r\nThe Korean thrillers are the best, I can always pick them whenever I feel I want to be entertained. It was directed by a newcomer, but two well known faces interested me. 'The Classic' and 'The Last Blossom' are my favourites and now they are together for this, but a different genre. I think the story was great, but there's something lacking like the thrilling parts which is not as electrified again the concept the film had. You know it has some nervous moments, but not up to the mark if you compare it with other Korean thrillers you have seen.\r\n\r\nIt was the tale of a young woman Da Eun who happily living with her father. The real moments of the film begin when she went to a film that based on the real event and soon she develops some doubts. Since she's a pursuing journalism, starts to dig it while the case is about to expire very soon. But what she finds and how it affects her life is the rest of the film where the pace keeps increasing till the final scene.\r\n\r\nLike I said it was based on an awesome idea, but should have developed better. Even though it falls short to get the viewers' appreciation, not doubt it was well executed with the brilliant performances. Except it fails to detail the important event of the film where all the puzzle created which is actually a flashback and supposed to be the twist. So I think the climax was a bit clich\u00e9, but a decent solution, overall not a bad film as it was considered by others. Once watchable and instantly forgettable.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74982, 367882, 109048, 91239], "youtube_key": "notfound"}