{"tmdb_id": 23030, "title": "Arabesque", "original_title": "Arabesque", "slug_title": "arabesque", "date": "1966-05-04", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Le premier ministre d'une r\u00e9publique orientale demande \u00e0 David Pollock, sp\u00e9cialiste des hi\u00e9roglyphes, de s'infiltrer chez son adversaire, Nejim Beshraavi, magnat du p\u00e9trole, pour y d\u00e9coder un message secret. Mais Beshraavi prend David en otage. Celui-ci parvient \u00e0 s'\u00e9vader gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'aide de Yasmin, la ma\u00eetresse de Beshraavi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3EopgaXvtXPHN4TUbYWMTJLJIpp.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Prof. David Pollock)", "Sophia Loren (Yasmin Azir)", "Alan Badel (Beshraavi)", "Kieron Moore (Yussef Kasim)", "Carl Duering (Hassan Jena)", "John Merivale (Maj. Sylvester Pennington Sloane)", "Duncan Lamont (Webster)", "George Coulouris (Ragheeb)", "Ernest Clark  (Beauchamp)", "Harold Kasket (Mohammed Lufti)", "Windsor Davies (Policeman)", "Jimmy Gardner (Helmsley)", "Larry Taylor (Mustapha)", "Harry Locke (Zookeeper)", "Michael Bilton (Microscope Salesman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Swell!\r\n\r\nArabesque is directed by Stanley Donen and collectively adapted by Julian Mitchell, Stanley Price and Pierre Marton from Gordon Cotler's novel The Cypher. It stars Gregory Peck, Sophia Loren, Alan Badel, John Merivale and Harold Kasket. A Panavision/Technicolor production with music by Henry Mancini and cinematography by Christopher Challis.\r\n\r\nHieroglyphics expert David Pollock (Peck) is thrust into a world of shifty political intrigue involving a Middle Eastern Prime Minister, a beautiful spy and a sinister rich businessman.\r\n\r\nThere's quite a bit wrong with Arabesque, with white actors made up as Arabs, a scatter-gun plot, weak finale, a barely threatening villain and Peck is no action hero! Yet if you can just run with it, to enjoy being in the company of the stars? Then there's fun to be had here.\r\n\r\nPart comedy, part thriller mystery, Arabesque zips along at a decent clip and Donen inserts memorable scenes along the way. From a wonderful shower sequence to chase me perils at a Zoo and a building site, there's truly a great will of spirit involved in the production. Donen also at times chooses to shoot the movie through a kaleidoscopic prism, and uses canted angles to accentuate David Pollock's confusion. These are nice touches, as is Mancini's Eastern flavoured musical arrangement.\r\n\r\nPeck may be no action hero type actor but his sense of fun here, and his all round classy charm, makes it very easy to root for him. Loren looks fabulous, a real sex-bomb pouting away with a glint in her eye. Not all of the Christian Dior costumes suit her character, but Loren, herself seemingly having a great old time of it, comes through the picture with flying colours. Elsewhere the performances are merely adequate, with Badel's villain coming off like a weak Peter Sellers clone!\r\n\r\nSo a mixed bag for sure and the shadow of Donen's wonderful Charade three years earlier looms large at times, but it's an enjoyable enough ride while it lasts. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [12617, 43750, 4939, 36583]}