{"tmdb_id": 23047, "title": "Le dernier des Templiers", "original_title": "Season of the Witch", "slug_title": "le-dernier-des-templiers", "date": "2011-01-07", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Action"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s des ann\u00e9es de croisade en Terre sainte, le templier Behmen et son fid\u00e8le compagnon, Felson, reviennent en Europe, d\u00e9sabus\u00e9s. Alors qu'ils aspirent \u00e0 une vie paisible, ils d\u00e9couvrent leur pays ravag\u00e9 par la peste noire et se retrouvent appr\u00e9hend\u00e9s par les hommes du Cardinal. Accus\u00e9s d'avoir d\u00e9sert\u00e9, ils risquent la prison. Ils n'ont pas d'autre choix que d'accepter une \u00e9trange mission. Ils doivent escorter une myst\u00e9rieuse jeune femme, d\u00e9sign\u00e9e comme une sorci\u00e8re responsable de l'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie, jusqu'\u00e0 un lointain monast\u00e8re o\u00f9 elle sera jug\u00e9e et o\u00f9 sera pratiqu\u00e9 un ancestral rituel purificateur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/71XUlmCSJomhBZoXDBBIMxzoLFx.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Behman)", "Ron Perlman (Felson)", "Ulrich Thomsen (Eckhardt)", "Christopher Lee (Cardinal D'Ambroise)", "Fernanda Dorogi (Givaudon)", "Stephen Graham (Hagamar)", "Rebekah Kennedy (Peasant Trurk Girl)", "Matt Devere (Sergeant in Arms)", "Robert Sheehan (Kay)", "Claire Foy (The Girl)", "Stephen Campbell Moore (Debelzaq)", "Rory McCann (Soldier Commander)", "Kevin Rees (Dying Monk)", "Andrew Hefler (Jail Bailiff)", "R\u00f3bert B\u00e1nlaki (Livery Boy)", "Barna Illy\u00e9s (Cardinal's Priest)", "Simone Kirby (Midwife)", "Elen Rhys (Peasant Girl)", "Nicholas Sidi (Priest)", "Nicola Sloane (Spinster)", "Ada Michelle Loridans (Mila)", "Lisa Marie Dupree (Tavern Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It never received very god critics and I have to say it wasn\u2019t the best film that I have seen, even though Nicolas Cage is one of my favorite actors. Then again, I never really like it when my favorite actors die at the end of the movie. Also the CGI, especially at the end of the film, was of rather mediocre quality.\r\n\r\nAnyway, on the whole it was a fairly nice medieval sword swinging fantasy/supernatural action flick and not at all as bad as the critics tried to make it but then I\u2019m not really surprised that the critics are off-whack as usual."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN EARLY 2011 and directed by Dominic Sena, \"Season of the Witch\" chronicles events when two ex-Teutonic Knight crusaders (Nicolas Cage & Ron Pearlman) traveling through Styria in modern-day Austria are enlisted to escort an alleged witch suspected of causing the black death (Claire Foy) to a remote monastery in the mountains for trial and to hopefully stop the devastating plague. Stephen Campbell Moore (Debelzaq), Stephen Graham (Hagamar) and Robert Sheehan (Kay) accompany the Knights.   \r\n\r\nThis is basically the American version of \u201cBlack Death,\u201d a European film released around the same time. Both movies are dark, gritty and brutal in their depictions of Medieval Europe, but \u201cSeason of the Witch\u201d is more of a stereotypical blockbuster with modish protagonists, amusing one-liners and CGI-laden climax. \u201cBlack Death\u201d is deeper, more thought-provoking and realistic, which is why I give it the edge in overall value (see my review). \r\n\r\n\u201cSeason\u201d is the more conventionally entertaining movie and anyone who appreciates Dark Ages-based flicks are highly encouraged to check it out. Films which come to mind include \u201cIn the Name of the Rose\u201d (1986), \u201cKingdom of Heaven\u201d (2005), \u201cRobin Hood\u201d (2010), \u201cIronclad\u201d (2011), \u201cKing Arthur\u201d (2004), \u201cDragonslayer\u201d (1981), \u201cRed Riding Hood\u201d (2011), \"Tristan + Isolde\" (2006) and \u201cRobin Hood, Prince of Thieves\u201d (1991). It\u2019s as good, or better, than any of these.\r\n\r\nThe Medieval cinematography (castles, dungeons, villages, dark forests and breathtaking mountains) is mind-blowing and the two protagonists are great with their amusing rapport. Furthermore, Foy is easy-on-the-eyes. Look out for a thrilling rope-bridge crossing a la \u201cSorcerer\u201d (1977). Although the climax is over-the-top cartoony, the tone up to that point is quasi-realistic.                      \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 35 minutes and was shot in Austria, Hungary and Croatia with reshoots done in Louisiana. WRITERS: Bragi F. Schut. ADDITIONAL CAST: Christopher Lee is almost unrecognizable as the plague-ridden Cardinal D'Ambroise. \r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [47327, 38321, 37430, 32985], "youtube_key": "uSbWTgIoz4g"}