{"tmdb_id": 230698, "title": "Houston: The Legend of Texas", "original_title": "Houston: The Legend of Texas", "slug_title": "houston-the-legend-of-texas", "date": "1986-11-22", "genre": ["Western / Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Sam Elliot stars as Sam Houston, the visionary who nearly single-handedly forged the state of Texas into a powerful entity in its own right. Refusing to forget the Alamo (as if anyone could), Houston led the military in Texas' rebellion against Mexico. G.D. Spradlin co-stars as President Andrew Jackson, with Michael Beck appearing as Jim Bowie, James Stephens as Stephen Austin, and Richard Yniguez as Mexican General Santa Anna. Lensed on location in the Lone Star state, this sweeping made-for-TV film originally occupied three hours' screen time on November 22, 1986. Its title at that time was Houston: The Legend of Texas. ~ Hal Erickson, Rovi", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zuC2RrzdsnIVxC00hMNogi8Ynb5.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Elliott (Sam Houston)", "Claudia Christian (Eliza Allen)", "Devon Ericson (Tiana Rogers)", "Michael C. Gwynne (Mosely Baker)", "Donald Moffat (Col. John Allen)", "John Quade (Sen. Stansbury)", "Ned Romero (Chief John Jolley)", "William Russ (William Travis)", "John P. Ryan (David Burnett)", "James Stephens (Stephen Austin)", "Richard Yniguez (Gen. Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna)", "G.D. Spradlin (President Andrew Jackson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}