{"tmdb_id": 23160, "title": "Les Harmonies Werckmeister", "original_title": "Werckmeister harm\u00f3ni\u00e1k", "slug_title": "les-harmonies-werckmeister", "date": "2000-07-12", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Le pays est en proie au d\u00e9sordre, des gangs errent dans la capitale. Valushka, un postier, s'extasie sur le miracle de la cr\u00e9ation et se bat contre l'obscurantisme. Dans un caf\u00e9, il tente d'entra\u00eener les clients ivres dans ses visions cosmologiques, puis, \u00e0 travers la ville, chez Monsieur Eszter, un vieil homme occup\u00e9 \u00e0 accorder un piano pour retrouver l'harmonie du clavecin qui a \u00e9t\u00e9 bris\u00e9e par l'invention Werckmeister.  Un myst\u00e9rieux cirque est install\u00e9 sur la grande place o\u00f9 la foule muette se rassemble.  Valushka court sous un ciel de plomb, le vent souffle, on est en novembre et c'est d\u00e9j\u00e0 l'hiver, le brouillard se r\u00e9pand, plus \u00e9pais que jamais, la lumi\u00e8re est glac\u00e9e, brutale, irr\u00e9elle, les rues couvertes de d\u00e9tritus, les immeubles d\u00e9labr\u00e9s, des vitrines ont \u00e9t\u00e9 bris\u00e9es ; plus de m\u00e9decins, plus d'\u00e9coles, l'heure du Jugement dernier serait-elle arriv\u00e9e ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zUlQ9rjazxll6LXb1cymNo4QdeH.jpg", "actors": ["Lars Rudolph (J\u00e1nos Valuska)", "Peter Fitz (Gy\u00f6rgy Eszter)", "Hanna Schygulla (T\u00fcnde Eszter)", "Alfr\u00e9d J\u00e1rai (Lajos Harrer)", "Gyula Pauer (Mr. Hagelmayer)", "J\u00e1nos Derzsi (Man In The Broad-Cloth Coat)", "Mih\u00e1ly Kormos (Factotum)", "Putyi Horv\u00e1th (Porter)", "\u00c9va Alm\u00e1ssy Albert (Aunt Piri)", "P\u00e9ter Dobai (Chief Constable)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 feLugossy (Housepainter)", "Barna Mih\u00f3k (Coachman)", "Sandor Bese (The Prince)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "B\u00e9la Tarr's 2000 film <i>The Werckmeister Harmonies</i> deals with troubling events in a small town in Hungarian's eastern plains. After an opening scene showing simpleton postman J\u00e1nos demonstrating to a bar full of drunks how the Earth and moon rotate around the sun with the help of three of the old geezers, he does his rounds in the early morning. Posters put up advertise the arrival of a giant whale with special guest, the Prince. This traveling circus, however, fills the townspeople not with eager anticipation but with dread. Indeed, when the Prince does appear, all hell breaks loose.\r\n\r\nBased on the novel The Melancholy of Resistance by L\u00e1szl\u00f3 Krasznahorkai, the plot of this film is a transparent allegory for Hungary in the 1930s and 1940s: unable to keep its house in order, and falling for the demagoguery of fascism, Hungary brought on itself its long nightmare of Soviet domination. Tarr has curiously stated, however, that he is not offering us a historical allegory. By that I can only imagine that he is turning the allegory into a parable, using a reference to mid 20th-century Hungary as way of exploring more universal themes. Perhaps the central tension in the film is between a natural order, the ecstatic cooperation of free human beings, and an order dictated by a manipulative leader. I don't want to spoil anything that happens here, but Tarr's depiction of a mob let loose is harrowing.\r\n\r\nI was very moved by this film the first time I saw it, and on repeat viewings there has been much to appreciate. I feel, however, that the film is greatly weakened by Tarr's decision to use German actors for two main roles. Lars Rudolph, who plays J\u00e1nos, and Fassbinder mainstay Hanna Schygulla as the sinister \"auntie T\u00fcnde\" give physically commanding performances, but they were presumably speaking in German while acting, and Tarr has had them clumsily dubbed into Hungarian, no synchronization between their mouths and the voices."}], "recommandations_id": [81401, 20122, 31414, 30970]}