{"tmdb_id": 231643, "title": "WCW Spring Stampede 2000", "original_title": "WCW Spring Stampede 2000", "slug_title": "wcw-spring-stampede-2000", "date": "2000-04-16", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "Spring Stampede 2000 took place on April 16, 2000 from the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. The main event was a series of tournaments for the vacant WCW Championships.  The previous week on Nitro, all titles were vacated and put on the line at this PPV. Rather than list matches, here were the finalists for each title. The US Championship contenders were The Wall, Sting, Scott Steiner, Ernest Miller, Mike Awesome, Booker, Billy Kidman, and Vampiro. Tag Team Championship contenders were Harlem Heat 2000, Shane Douglas &amp; Buff Bagwell, Team Package (Flair &amp; Luger), The Harris Brothers, and The Mamalukes. The Cruiserweight title was up for grabs in a Suicide Six-Way match and Norman Smiley competed against Terry Funk for the Hardcore Championship. The World Heavyweight Championship was between Diamond Dallas Page and Jeff Jarrett.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j59IxcrS9hhvzOUvnzvR6TlzKED.jpg", "actors": ["Dallas Page (Diamond Dallas Page)", "Jeff Jarrett (Himself)", "Steve Borden (Sting)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Michael Jerry Tuite (The Wall)", "Michael Alfonso (Mike Awesome)", "Ernest Miller (Himself)", "Booker Huffman (Booker)", "Peter Gruner, Jr. (Billy Kidman)", "Ian Hodgkinson (Vampiro)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (The Total Package)", "Ron Harris (Himself)", "Don Harris (Himself)", "Vito Joseph LoGrasso (Big Vito)", "Jon Hugger (Johnny the Bull)", "Troy Martin (Shane Douglas)", "Marcus Alexander Bagwell (Buff Bagwell)", "Lash Rushay Huffman (Stevie Ray)", "Tony Norris (Big T)", "Terry Funk (Himself)", "Norman Smiley (Himself)", "Michael Laauli Hayner (The Artist)", "Eduardo An\u00edbal Gonz\u00e1lez Hern\u00e1ndez (Juventud Guerrera)", "Shannon Moore (Himself)", "Johnathan Mark LeRoux (Lash LeRoux)", "Christopher Barrett Candito (Himself)", "Christopher Ford (Crowbar)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Mancow Muller (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "OFdPV2wHbgo"}