{"tmdb_id": 231812, "title": "Les enqu\u00eates d'Erica: Plong\u00e9e dangereuse", "original_title": "Fj\u00e4llbackamorden 03 - Strandridaren", "slug_title": "les-enquetes-d-erica-plongee-dangereuse", "date": "2013-09-22", "genre": ["Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "The young coast guard and diver Jessica finds two dead scuba divers after a storm. She disagrees with her superiors that it was an accident and seeks the help of her childhood friend Patrik. Patrik and Erica, who are on their way to a romantic holiday, make a detour to the beautiful village of Kungshamn. They soon become involved in the case. Erica hides her real identity as the policemans wife and is invited to join the museum association. Already during the first meeting she attends the associations chairman is found murdered... The three deaths are now officially opened for investigation, and the common denominator between the victims seems to have been an interest in the wreckage of a 1820s ship. Did somebody finally find it? And what cargo did it carry? What caused the ship to sink?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9w9hRVLfZbovAfr5VharEeLxJAc.jpg", "actors": ["Claudia Galli (Erica Falck)", "Richard Ulfs\u00e4ter (Patrick Hedstr\u00f6m)", "Eva Fritjofson (Kristina)", "Pamela Cortes Bruna (Paula)", "Lennart J\u00e4hkel (Mellberg)", "Ann Westin (Annika)", "Ellen Stenman G\u00f6ransson (Maja)", "Simon Brod\u00e9n (Anton)", "Lukas Brod\u00e9n (Noel)", "Annika Hallin (Tinkan)", "Johan H:son Kjellgren (Dick)", "Johanna Lazcano (Jessica)", "Lina Englund (Liv)", "Tom Ljungman (Ante)", "Jens Hult\u00e9n (Torkilsson)", "Agneta Ekmanner (Betty)", "Marika Lindstr\u00f6m (Nelly)", "Johan Carlberg (Mats)", "Frida Beckman (Sara)", "Josef S\u00e4terhagen (Isak)", "Richard Turpin (Jacob)", "M\u00e5ns Ellmark (Torsten)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [231811, 168056, 168057, 229007], "youtube_key": "notfound"}