{"tmdb_id": 23202, "title": "Trick 'r Treat", "original_title": "Trick 'r Treat", "slug_title": "trick-r-treat", "date": "2007-12-07", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Le soir de Halloween, dans une ville, ceux qui ne suivent pas les r\u00e8gles de cette f\u00eate le font \u00e0 leurs d\u00e9pens...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w0nmol4g7n6MFfhfphV7GzHHYjB.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Paquin (Laurie)", "Brian Cox (Mr. Kreeg)", "Leslie Bibb (Emma)", "Rochelle Aytes (Maria)", "Quinn Lord (Sam)", "Dylan Baker (Steven)", "Moneca Delain (Janet)", "Tahmoh Penikett (Henry)", "Lauren Lee Smith (Danielle)", "Britt McKillip (Marcy)", "Brett Kelly (Charlie)", "Jean-Luc Bilodeau (Schrader)", "Alberto Ghisi (Chip)", "James Willson (Alex)", "Christine Willes (Mrs. Henderson)", "Isabelle Deluce (Sara)", "Samm Todd (Rhonda)", "Connor Christopher Levins (Billy)", "Laura Mennell (Allie)", "Ty Hill (Nathan)", "Matthew Kevin Anderson (Clerk)", "Barbara Kottmeier (Centaur Girl)", "Derek McIver (Centaur Guy)", "Catherine Barroll (Mother)", "Caroline Redekopp (Reporter)", "Patrick Gilmore (Bud The Cameraman)", "Troy Everett (Bud's Assistant)", "Tatiana Anderson (Lady Barbarian)", "Richard Harmon (Vampire Kid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "No tricks here, just a treat.\r\n\r\nTrick 'r Treat is written and directed by Michael Dougherty. It stars Dylan Baker, Rochelle Aytes, Anna Paquin and Brian Cox. Music is by Douglas Pipes and cinematography by Glen MacPherson. Trick 'r Treat plays out as an anthology of four Halloween related stories. One tiny figure with a burlap sack over its head links the film together.\r\n\r\nWarner Brothers kept it on the shelf for two years, a mistake since it happens to be a delightful little frightener that appears to be made with a love of omnibus shockers from back in the day. It's never overtly scary or bloody, but it has a twisted slickness that is rather pleasing in this day and age of poor horror remakes and boorish cash cow sequels. Neatly performed by the cast and with tech credits high from the camera folk, it homages simple horror pleasures as it celebrates Halloween. With a glint in its eye and a macabre smile on the lips, this non linear treat should be perennial viewing for the Halloween hordes. Especially since it rewards still further on repeat viewings. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25983, 58428, 84348, 10972]}