{"tmdb_id": 232105, "title": "My Stepbrother Is a Vampire!?!", "original_title": "My Stepbrother Is a Vampire!?!", "slug_title": "my-stepbrother-is-a-vampire", "date": "2013-10-01", "genre": ["Familial"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "NANCY MONROE\u2019s mother DENISE just got married \u2014 and Nancy has a new stepbrother, VICTOR, a Goth guy who dresses in black, wears lots of sunscreen, apparently talks to his cat, and has the ability to cloud women\u2019s minds. So Nancy is convinced that he\u2019s a vampire \u2014 but is she a paranoid wingnut, or is she the only person who sees Victor\u2019s true nature?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6VY6xA4sw58vafxd4ciPfKMwjCe.jpg", "actors": ["Judson Birza (Victor)", "Shae Landers (Nancy)", "Tracy Nelson (Denise)", "William McNamara (Gordon)", "Lynn Lowry (Isabel)", "Donna Wilkes (Miss Fortune)", "Seth Austin (Renny)", "Lauren Greg (Lucy)", "Joseph Rich (Mitch)", "Cody Beverstock (Gary)", "Conner Sorensen (Student)", "Nick Galarza (Jimmy)", "Dee Wallace (Tabitha the Cat (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Larry Jenkins", "content": "Decoteau succeeds in producing a satisfying family fun film. I have been very tough on most of Decoteau's films after _Brotherhood III_. After that film, most of his films did not satisfy the majority of the DVD, VOD audience it was intended for. _My Stepbrother Is A Vampire!?!_ was a pleasant surprise. The casting was very interesting. I hadn't seen William McNamara (_Doing Time on Maple Drive, Copycat, Stag_) in ages and found his performance good. Judson Birza did a great job in one of his earliest roles. They had a real sassy cat who is voiced by Dee Wallace (_E.T. Cujo_). For the adult, the film is almost high camp - there isn't anything objectionable. It could amuse most tweens and _Twilight_ fans."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "AibAFdm5lJg"}