{"tmdb_id": 232353, "title": "An Ordinary Love Story", "original_title": "\u0e23\u0e31\u0e01", "slug_title": "an-ordinary-love-story", "date": "2012-11-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Note is planning to propose to Nam. They dream about a simple wedding by the beach at a beautiful resort in Hua Hin. With Nam's boss, an advertising agency owner, Nueng, and his wife Vinie, the resort owner and former actress who plan to return to the show business, help making it come true. The couple also gets help from their friends. Ploy, to record this hectic story before the wedding day. Tam, an annoying photographer, who can shake Ploy's heart. Their story is as chaotic as Guy's, Winnie and Nueng's dear son, and Boat's, the head chef at the resort. The hippest wedding concept by the weirdest advertising creative, Suzi started to get together. In the meantime, other love stories begins, but the soon to be husband and wife encounter the biggest challenge in the relationship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/88qdEdsBXiPu7jljoZEC78JnPqH.jpg", "actors": ["Wattana Chumsai Na Ayuthaya (Boat)", "Sonia Couling (Vinie)", "Preaw Kanidkul (Preaw)", "Ping Monotone (Tum)", "Billy Ogan (Nueng)", "Komen Raungkijratanakul (Note)", "Achita Sikamana (Suzi / Somsri)", "Benjanat Auksornnan (Nam)", "Khanitkul Netboot (Ploy)", "Wathanyu Niwatsaiwong (Tam)", "Surakeat Boonnak (Guy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "w4qvHnFT3-E"}