{"tmdb_id": 232679, "title": "When the Game Stands Tall", "original_title": "When the Game Stands Tall", "slug_title": "when-the-game-stands-tall", "date": "2014-08-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Bob Ladouceur, entra\u00eeneur de football am\u00e9ricain, prend en charge l'\u00e9quipe du lyc\u00e9e de La Salle Spartans, qui, depuis sa cr\u00e9ation (1965) n'avait jamais connu de victoire. De 1992 \u00e0 2004, il l'emm\u00e8ne au plus haut, en explosant le record national avec 151 victoires...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fN1hYn28yBbXFX6oq8AX70XP4nr.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Caviezel (Bob Ladouceur)", "Michael Chiklis (Terry Eidson)", "Laura Dern (Bev Ladouceur)", "Clancy Brown (Mickey Ryan)", "Ser'Darius Blain (Cam Colvin)", "Stephan James (T.K. Kelly)", "Matthew Daddario (Danny Ladouceur)", "Joe Massingill (Beaser)", "Matthew Frias (Arturo)", "LaJessie Smith (Jamal)", "Richard Kohnke (Rick Salinas)", "Chase Boltin (Manny Gonzales)", "Gavin Casalegno (Michael Ladouceur)", "Alexander Ludwig (Chris Ryan)", "Jessie Usher (Tayshon Lanear)", "Les Miles (Oklahoma Scout #1)", "Jesse Moore (Oklahoma Scout #2)", "Adella Gautier (T-Gram)", "Terence Rosemore (Landrin Kelly)", "Deneen Tyler (Cam's Mom)", "Anna Margaret (Laurie)", "James DuMont (Stanford Recruiter)", "David DeSantos (Mike Blasquez)", "John Neisler (Announcer #1)", "Damon Lipari (Analyst)", "Mike Bleed (Cam's Cousin)", "J.D. Evermore (Coach #1)", "Michael Fletcher (Older Veteran)", "Kristofer Gordon (Hallway Doctor)", "Armando Leduc (Long Beach Poly Coach)", "Marlon Favorite (Buster Matthews)", "Sam Malone (Frail Veteran)", "Maurice Jones Drew (Himself)", "Liann Pattison (Doctor)", "Teri Wyble (Jenny Ladouceur)", "Tom Bubrig (Mailman)", "Al Vicente (Local Sportscaster)", "Payton Bourgeois (Nina)", "Anthony Michael Frederick (Young Assistant Coach)", "Christopher Berry (Paraplegic)", "Sharon Landry (Nurse Ballard)", "Renell Gibbs (Lamarco)", "Mike Kimmel (Security Guard (Larry))", "Jim Klock (Coach #2)", "Terry Dale Parks (Coach #3)", "Sandra Taylor (Nurse Adams)", "Nathaniel Brown (Luis)", "Zac Waggener (Senior #1)", "Deric Augustine (Senior #2)", "Skyler Green (Player #1)", "Henry Frost (Player #2)", "Dane Rhodes (Guy)", "Robert Diago DoQui (Minister)", "Judd Lormand (Announcer #2)", "Hawn Tran (Sophomore)", "Billy Slaughter (Hip Sports Reporter)", "Ricky Wayne (Reporter)", "Craig Tate (Basketball Kid #1)", "Jaren Mitchell (Basketball Kid #2)", "Donna DuPlantier (Nurse)", "Ashtin Fortner (Soloist #1)", "Lanika R. Revader (Soloist #2)", "Jonah Calderini (Emotional Player)", "Evan Cleaver (Announcer #3)", "Douglas Griffin (Referee)", "Cannon Bosarge (Small Boy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Taste the defeat, and once again inspire to rise back to the glory.\r\n\r\nInspired by the real story of a high school American-football coach and his team's participation in the 2004 season. The fall and rise of one of the most consistent team, especially after holding a record for the longest winning streak, what happens when it was broken unexpectedly? Do the players lose the confidence, coach be clueless, parents go crazy and media annoys them, is what neatly this film narrated. It looked nice to me and I had a good time, but it was too long and not inspiring as the other sports film based on the true events.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Coach Carter', another decent sports film. I am not disappointed because I was not expecting to be a masterpiece, though not bad for once viewing. All the actors were good, especially it is Jim Caviezel's one of the major roles and he was amazing. American-football was always been an Americas sport, so I never interested in it except watching films based on them for inspiration. Especially after 'Conccusion', my interest on them dropped further.\r\n\r\nWhatever I said is not a reason to skip the film. As a film, it did the right thing to portray the real life achievers on the screen to boost the young sports persons. Only to me it was just an above average, but for many others, it is one of the best sports film of the year. Forget the American-football, what I liked was, achievements are good for our progress and make a career, but sometimes there's much more than making records in the games. So it's a good moral lesson film than a fine entertaining film. I won't recommend it, but definitely not a waste of time.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [200505, 75074, 198185, 285270], "youtube_key": "qT0aE4iAnJo"}