{"tmdb_id": 232799, "title": "Silly Scaries", "original_title": "Silly Scaries", "slug_title": "silly-scaries", "date": "2011-07-31", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Prepare yourself to be scared silly! Three independent filmmakers join their talents to bring you the most goofy and gross anthology ever created! Your bones will rattle and your nerves will fry as you witness each spooky story: In MANNA FOR THE DAMNED two teenage boys decide the only way to \"get chicks\" is to become a Zombie. They learn the hard way that joining the league of the undead ain't all it's cracked up to be! In TREEHUGGERS a young couple lost in the woods befriends a band of hippies in hopes of obtaining directions back to their camp. However, after a drugged encounter with their new friends, their world is turned upside down and suddenly finding the way back just got a whole lot scarier! And finally, in DEAD ENDING a mourning widow travels to the cemetery to visit the grave of her late husband. But all is not what it seems when she is attacked and pursued by zombified locals. With the winding roads only taking her in circles she attempts to escape on foot.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ee5pntspMneXvmB2Hkz3xIfTaN4.jpg", "actors": ["Jennii Caroline (Zombie)", "Gaia Foxx (Alien)", "Justin McDowell (Mummy)", "Samantha Schmidt (Vampire)", "Shaun Sullivan (Werewolf)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Ty8SaqbrvFs"}