{"tmdb_id": 233440, "title": "Pink Tights", "original_title": "Pink Tights", "slug_title": "pink-tights", "date": "1920-09-25", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "When a circus troupe comes to a small, extremely conservative New England town, the residents go to their minister to have him protest the scandalous fact that the female tightrope walker wears a pair of pink tights. When she has an accident and is forced to recuperate at the minister's house, he has to hide her in order to avoid even more of a scandal. Mazie Darton, a high-wire performer with a traveling circus, longs for a peaceful country life. Forced to stay in a small town while laid up with an injury, Darton is spurned by the conservative townspeople. Rev. Jonathon Meek, the local parson, befriends the circus troupe, especially Darton. But he, too, opens himself to criticism from his flock, who protest his closeness with the show people. Eventually, Darton's boyfriend arrives and the pair become closer. The parson fades from the scene as a possible mate for Darton, who ends up winning the hearts of the townspeople.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/60JOcuNaoaewTpTHchF5v3sLN3y.jpg", "actors": ["Gladys Walton (Mazie Darton)", "Jack Perrin (Rev. Jonathon Meek)", "Dave Dyas (Jerry McKeen)", "Stanton Heck (Bullato)", "Rosa Gore (Mrs. Shamfeller)", "Dan Crimmins (Smiley Dodd)", "Dorothea Wolbert (Mrs. Bump)", "B. Reeves Eason Jr. (Johnny Bump)", "Martin Neilan (Willie Shamfeller)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}