{"tmdb_id": 233523, "title": "Help Me I Am Dead", "original_title": "Help Me I Am Dead - Die Geschichte der Anderen", "slug_title": "help-me-i-am-dead", "date": "2013-10-30", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Germany 1939. The farmer Jonathan Friedberg with the Nazis tried to make a pact to see his family again deported. 75 years later. Jennifer is a young psychology student, and is in a wheelchair because she had an accident years ago. She is working on a study for the university and asked about this in a village at random people on the street. She encounters a strange story that an old, since 2 World War II relates abandoned house. Jennifer is very curious and looking at the house despite all the warnings. She gets caught in an incredible situation. It is a puzzle to solve, which is directly related to her. Moreover, they fall into the hands of criminals who buy their neither the story, nor are willing to let them free. The situation escalated unexpectedly. The horror is falling!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xNhj9HDqKWEIfzzGMtChYym0Vk6.jpg", "actors": ["Margarethe von Stern (Jennifer)", "Antonio Mayans (Antonio)", "Carsten Frank (Kralle)", "Andreas Bethmann (Mike)", "Markus Hettich (Rudolf Eichmann)", "Yingying Du (Kareena)", "Carsten Weissenberg (Erich Speer)", "Jens Sch\u00fctte (Jonathan Friedberg)", "Arkadius Gorlikowski (Peter Rosenthal)", "Lara (Malinda)", "Ralf Stuckemeier (Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Hellindef", "content": "Take everything you know and learned about the Nazi's and keep a open mind.The movie is interesting slow paced and you'll get drawned in.You'll see a farmer trying to work with Nazi henchman and ofcourse know it's not going to turn out well.A young woman who in a wheelchair trying to do her study ask men for help by asking questions with a recorder.The first isn't friendly but the second is well to oblige with a lead of a abondon house which is haunted and intrigued dhe goes there.Empelled by the place and wanting to stay things get creepier from there.A good watch with subtitles.If you sat through the Others you can watch this."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}