{"tmdb_id": 2336, "title": "King Kong's Fist", "original_title": "King Kongs Faust", "slug_title": "king-kong-s-fist", "date": "1985-04-26", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Berlin Film Fest 1984. The best place for every cinema fan. Everyone wants to be in on the festival, but that may be really difficult, if one has no accreditation. Also Journalist Matthies gets to know the rules of being in or out when he wants to see a screening and is not welcome. Thus he watches an old German silent flick which he is barely interested in. The next day the newspapers are full of reports about a newly discovered German masterpiece from the silent era. It seems that Matthies had luck. He just saw *the* film everybody is talking about now. Also everybody is speculating about its director, who remains unknown. When Matthies talks to Ackrewa, an old befriended projectionist, about the film, the latter seems to recall the name of the director. Matthies decides to research the case. An odyssey into film-history begins and if it is successful Matthies will come up with a top story.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bbEKmlVfiQ3Gym7M0IC86zPuYSk.jpg", "actors": ["Heinz Van Nouhuys (Chefredakteur)", "Werner Grassmann (Fritz Ackrewa)", "Wolfgang L\u00e4ngsfeld (Kollege)", "Gisela Weilemann (Frau in der Bar)", "Gad Klein (Kritiker)", "Volker Stollberg (Kritiker)", "Doris D\u00f6rrie (Kritikerin)", "Philip Behrens (Kritiker)", "Michael Stejskal (Kritiker)", "Ponkie (Kritikerin)", "Peggy Parnass (Kritikerin)", "Wim Wenders (Regisseur)", "Peter Przygodda (Cutter)", "Helmut F\u00e4rber (Filmhistoriker)", "Johanna Eisenrieder (Archivarin)", "Burt Willis (Alter Man in L.A.)", "Lila Waters (Frau im Bus)", "Crofton Hardester (Typ im Coffeshop)", "Helga Oswald (Gast)", "Rosa Elena Lujan (Travens Witwe)", "Ginger Myers (S\u00e4ngerin)", "Herman Weigel (Drehbuchautor)", "Bernd Eichinger (Produzent)", "Leonard Lansink (Klaus-Uwe Matthies)", "Franz Seitz junior (Produzent)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 Benedek (Sammler in England)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}