{"tmdb_id": 233795, "title": "Trois heures pour tuer", "original_title": "Three Hours to Kill", "slug_title": "trois-heures-pour-tuer", "date": "1954-11-04", "genre": ["Western / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Jim est accus\u00e9 du meurtre d'un homme et est donc sur le point d'\u00eatre battu \u00e0 mort. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'intervention de la s\u0153ur de la victime, Laurie, il parvient \u00e0 s'en sortir car elle ne croit pas \u00e0  sa culpabilit\u00e9. Apr\u00e8s trois ans d'errance, il revient sur les lieux du crime, d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 retrouver le coupable et Laurie, dont il est \u00e9perdument amoureux. Il dispose de 3 heures avant de se faire arr\u00eater...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3bcI5ENH8It3s8ni2aWuq7wBQFl.jpg", "actors": ["Dana Andrews (Jim Guthrie)", "Donna Reed (Laurie Mastin)", "Dianne Foster (Chris Palmer)", "Stephen Elliott (Sheriff Ben East)", "Richard Coogan (Niles Hendricks)", "Carolyn Jones (Polly)", "Whit Bissell (Deke)", "Laurence Hugo (Marty Lasswell)", "James Westerfield (Sam Minor)", "Richard Webb (Carter Mastin)", "Charlotte Fletcher (Betty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Man With The Rope Scar On His Neck!\r\n\r\nThree Hours to Kill is directed by Alfred Werker and written by Richard Alan Simmons, Roy Huggins and Maxwell Shane. It stars Dana Andrews, Donna Reed, Stephen Elliott, Richard Coogan and Dianne Foster. Music is by Paul Sawtell and cinematography by Charles Lawton Jr.\r\n\r\nAs solid as a boulder in Death Valley, Three Hours to Kill is a most satisfying Oater for genre fans not expecting boundary pushing. Plot has Andrews as Jim Guthrie, who is wrongly accused by the town folk of murder and promptly condemned to death by lynch mob. Escaping the rope by the skin of his neck, Guthrie bides his time for three years before heading back to the town to clear his name and nail the real murderer. His friend, the Sheriff, gives him three hours to complete his task before the law intervenes.\r\n\r\nWhat unfolds is a whodunit led by Andrews as he interrogates and puts the squeeze on a number of the town's denizens. There's a deliberately downbeat tone that serves the story well, with lost loves, unfulfilled lives and haunted memories of past doings permeating the narrative. The psychological undertones and risque aspects of the story are tantalisingly -frustratingly so - left to just simmer, but mood befits question marks in the plotting to keep one engaged.\r\n\r\nAction scenes are in the main no more than competently handled, but a couple are quite striking to raise the pulses. When the pic moves out of the confines of the town, the locales (Lake Sherwood, Sherwood Forest, Hidden Valley in Calif) are most striking and leave you hankering for a more airy picture as a whole. Cast are fine, Andrews toughs up for good perf, but as lovely as Reed and Foster are (in fact Foster is socko gorgeous), they are undone by standard writing and Reed comes off as looking bored.\r\n\r\nThe ending carries a nice surprise, two fold in fact, to close the deal on what is an above average Oater to be enjoyed as easy sampling by genre fans. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [204994, 148847, 177681, 121161], "youtube_key": "notfound"}