{"tmdb_id": 233879, "title": "Ready, Steady, Ommm!", "original_title": "Achtung, fertig, WK", "slug_title": "ready-steady-ommm", "date": "2013-10-17", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Alex and his girlfriend Anna have a problem: Anna couldn't be more pregnant, and neither can find an affordable flat. The only one who can help is Anna's father, Commander Reiker, a sweet but screwy military man who owns an empty house. Reiker, however, to whom the Swiss Army means everything, has problems of his own: how can Switzerland, nation of fabled warriors that even exports its troops to protect the Pope, maintain its fear-inspiring reputation with all the cost-cutting measures? The Army is being forced to save, to restructure, and to take itself seriously. To prevent his ramshackle troops from being axed, Reiker urgently needs help. And just about anyone will do. Like his future son-in-law Alex, the least capable man one could imagine. As a yoga teacher, house-husband and pacifist, Alex has what it takes to be discharged, not put in charge. The pact he concludes with Reiker will not only shake up the Swiss Army, but also Alex's relationship with Anna...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b3qup6MJzeHIt3VxK9n4N5jUYA8.jpg", "actors": ["Matthias Britschgi (Alex)", "Marco Rima (Kommandant Reiker)", "Martin Rapold (Korporal Weiss)", "Liliane Amuat (Anna)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [21062, 8366, 233063, 37136], "youtube_key": "notfound"}