{"tmdb_id": 23382, "title": "Dark Country", "original_title": "Dark Country", "slug_title": "dark-country", "date": "2009-10-05", "genre": ["Crime / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes mari\u00e9es traversent le d\u00e9sert de nuit en voiture alors qu'ils reviennent de Las Vegas. Perdus au milieu de nulle part, ils assistent \u00e0 un terrible accident de la route et se portent au secours du conducteur horriblement d\u00e9figur\u00e9. Ils vont cependant rapidement le regretter lorsque celui-ci va les attaquer; les for\u00e7ant \u00e0 commettre l'impensable... Traqu\u00e9s par la police locale et mettant en doute la confiance qu'ils ont l'un pour l'autre, le jeune couple va s'enfoncer dans un cauchemar paranormal.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3pAQDKd50bjM6WK0DTFDfexf2fN.jpg", "actors": ["Thomas Jane (Dick)", "Ron Perlman (Sheriff)", "Lauren German (Gina)", "Chris Browning (Stranger)", "Con Schell (Bloodyface)", "Rene Mousseux (Crime Scene Trooper)", "Aynn Kirby (Coroner)", "Nikki Kelly (Alternate Woman)", "Jonathan Lund (Crime Scene Paramedic)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Hitchcock-ian desert mystery that leaves you scratching your head***\r\n\r\nAfter a shotgun wedding in Vegas, a couple (Thomas Jane & Lauren German) experiences a night of hellish mystery in the desert. Ron Perlman plays a cop and Chris Browning a curiously intrusive stranger. Jane directed the film based on a script by Tab Murphy.\r\n\r\n\u201cDark Country\u201d (2009) is a modern Hitchcock-ian mystery/thriller similar in tone to, say, \u201cWind Chill\u201d (2007) but with a different story and inverse setting (the nighttime desert rather than the nighttime snowy forest). The first half is slow-going with mundane dialogues and weird goings-on, but the story picks up in the second. Unfortunately, the last act is muddled and leaves you with many questions. But, if you reflect on it, the answers are there if you care enough to seek \u2019em out.\r\n\r\nVisually, this is a masterpiece of mood and haunting imagery. Have you ever stopped at a rest stop in the middle of nowhere late at night? How about hang out in the desert wilderness at night, whether in a vehicle or on foot? Either can be eerie and \u201cDark Country\u201d captures this. Story-wise, however, it\u2019s not as good as \u201cWind Chill\u201d; the strange climax lacks the emotional whollop and is just too ambiguous IMHO.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 28 minutes and was shot in New Mexico.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [249169, 273651, 44950, 14251], "youtube_key": "oHtyKiC-jx8"}