{"tmdb_id": 23397, "title": "Le R\u00e9cidiviste", "original_title": "Straight Time", "slug_title": "le-recidiviste", "date": "1978-03-18", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Lib\u00e9r\u00e9 sur parole, Max tente de retrouver le droit chemin. Mais une nouvelle arrestation le fait replonger vers le crime.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qht8SAqj7dEeEzv9yXalFB35ycb.jpg", "actors": ["Dustin Hoffman (Max Dembo)", "Theresa Russell (Jenny Mercer)", "Gary Busey (Willy Darin)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Jerry Schue)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Earl Frank)", "Rita Taggart (Carol Schue)", "Kathy Bates (Selma Darin)", "Sandy Baron (Manny)", "Jake Busey (Henry Darin)", "Peter Kwong (Grocery Clerk)", "Fran Ryan (Cafe Owner)", "Edward Bunker (Mickey)", "Tina Menard (Hotel Manager)", "Stephanie Ericsson (Bar Patron)", "Dave Kelly (Counterman)", "Don Sommese (Waiter)", "Kit Jee Wong (Grocer)", "Jane Howard (Employment Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I got stomach trouble... no guts.\r\n\r\nBased on ex-convict Eddie Bunker's novel, No Beast So Fierce, pic pitches Dustin Hoffman as ex-con Max Dembo, who after being released from prison has every intention to go straight. Easier said than done, though...\r\n\r\nIt's hard to believe that Straight Time is often thought of as under seen, a hidden gem of the 1970s, this given that it stars Dustin Hoffman and the advent of the internet years has seen it garner votes and reviews aplenty. Yet it does seem to be a pic that doesn't get its due credit, annoying since it's one of Hoffman's greatest performances.\r\n\r\nHoffman loved the material and heavily sought to direct and star in it. Something which proved too hard for him to do. He was humble enough to recognise this fact and brought in friend Ulu Grosbard to direct while he concentrated on the acting side of things - result!\r\n\r\nThere is absolutely no glamour on show here, Max is surrounded by weasels, slime balls, junkies and perpetual thieves, while his own mental fortitude is suspect at best. It's both gripping and disturbing, this world he inhabits, no excuses are put forward, no \"woe is me\" tales, he ultimately accepts his lot.\r\n\r\nHoffman is backed by superb performances from Harry Dean Stanton, M. Emmet Walsh and Gary Busey, and Theresa Russell gives quality turn as the naive woman in Max's life - no token here, she's in the grip of a homme career criminal and not merely here to look pretty and doe eyed.\r\n\r\nAs a character study it positively bristles with brains and foolish brawn, and Grosbard directs with unfussy skill whilst showing a very good eye for a dramatic action scene. Studio interference would hurt the pic upon release, but now this can be seen as a film of great worth. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5179, 27331, 46059, 32969]}