{"tmdb_id": 233, "title": "Les Seigneurs", "original_title": "The Wanderers", "slug_title": "les-seigneurs", "date": "1979-07-13", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Les ann\u00e9es 1960, \u00e0 New York, dans le Bronx. L'histoire d\u00e9crit la vie quotidienne de jeunes qui se regroupent en bandes, chacune avec ses codes, vestimentaires ou physiques. Entre les rencontres avec les filles, les rivalit\u00e9s entre bandes, les probl\u00e8mes ethniques, on d\u00e9couvre la vie de ces jeunes qui vont bient\u00f4t faire leurs premiers pas dans la vie d'adultes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oedFtX9hZZWpD7L5wkD0WxSteY2.jpg", "actors": ["Ken Wahl (Richie)", "John Friedrich (Joey)", "Karen Allen (Nina)", "Toni Kalem (Despie Galasso)", "Alan Rosenberg (Turkey)", "Jim Youngs (Buddy)", "Tony Ganios (Perry)", "Linda Manz (Peewee)", "William Andrews (Emilio)", "Erland van Lidth (Terror)", "Val Avery (Mr. Sharp)", "Dolph Sweet (Chubby Galasso)", "Michael Wright (Clinton)", "Burtt Harris (Marine Recruiter)", "Samm-Art Williams (Roger)", "Dion Albanese (Teddy Wong)", "Olympia Dukakis (Joey's Mom)", "George Merolle (Peppy Dio)", "Terri Perri (Terri Perri)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rumble in the Bronx.\r\n\r\nThe Wanderers, an Italian street gang in the Bronx 1963, preparing for a rumble with rival gang the Del-Bombers, try to enlist other gangs to help their cause. However, as the times are a changing, The Wanderers and all the other gangs of the city must come to terms with pending adulthood, and, the ending of an era.\r\n\r\nDirected by Phillip Kaufman, this adaptation of Richard Price's novel stands up as one of the best pictures to deal with gang culture. Laced with crackling adolescent humour, and sublimely sound tracked, The Wanderers triumphs better than most because it captures the time frame perfectly. Encompassing the killing of JFK, and subtly showing (during an hilarious sequence) the enlisting of ignorant youths into the Marines, to be carted off to Vietnam no doubt, The Wanderers has far more to offer than merely angst and high school jinx. The cast are surprisingly strong, Ken Wahl, Karen Allen, Tony Ganios and Erland van Lidth all shine in their respective roles, whilst Kaufman directs with a knowing sense of purpose of the thematics to hand. All of which culminates in a quite eerie final third as the deadly Ducky Boys enter the fray. Not quite as serious as The Warriors, which was released the same year, it's a film that much like this one now feels part of my teen education. The Wanderers is however the smarter picture of the two in terms of substance. The coming together at the finale, the racial harmony bursting out from the screen, is and always should be eternally embraced.\r\n\r\nAll together now, \"I'm the type of guy who will never settle down\" 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [18739, 48843, 1608, 48123], "youtube_key": "LacD6mHpBhY"}