{"tmdb_id": 23439, "title": "La Chute de la maison Usher", "original_title": "House of Usher", "slug_title": "la-chute-de-la-maison-usher", "date": "1960-06-21", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Philip Withrop se rend a la maison Usher pour rencontrer sa fianc\u00e9e Madeline. Roderick, le fr\u00e8re de Madeline, s'oppose a leur mariage. Madeline est victime d'une crise de catalepsie, et Roderick s'empresse de l'enterrer. Philip d\u00e9couvre la v\u00e9rit\u00e9, mais Madeline sort de son tombeau et veut tuer son fr\u00e8re. La maison s'\u00e9croule alors sur eux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d5mtkURuKuszmN4cXeyp1cxf11Y.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Price (Roderick Usher)", "Mark Damon (Philip Winthrop)", "Myrna Fahey (Madeline Usher)", "Harry Ellerbe (Bristol)", "David Andar (Ghost (uncredited))", "Bill Borzage (Ghost (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fissures of concrete and of the mind...\r\n\r\nPhillip Winthrop has been searching for his missing fianc\u00e9e, Madeline Usher. Tracking her down to the Usher family castle, he finds that Madeline is held strangely under the spell of her brother Roderick. The house itself also seems to be laden heavy with a mystical sense of dread and impending death. Can Phillip persuade Madeline to leave this crumbling abode? will he himself be at the mercy of Roderick and the Usher curse?\r\n\r\nFilmed in glorious CinemaScope with vivid colour photography from Floyd Crosby, based on a story from dark master writer Edgar Allen Poe, boasting Vincent Price in the lead role, and directed by Roger Corman with a budget worthy of his vision, House Of Usher (The Fall Of) is a highly eerie Gothic piece of work. \r\n\r\nDelightfully weird, the film covers a myriad of things to unease the watching public, curses, incest, burial alive, paranoia and sadistic intentions all sit together with Corman and Richard Matheson's Gothic leanings. In fact a huge amount of credit for the pic's subsequent success at the box office must go to Matheson, who took Poe's skeleton story and cloaked it with the previous mentioned strands to fully flesh out the piece. \r\n\r\nOn the surface the picture probably shouldn't have worked, basically it's just four characters moping around talking grimly and waiting for the inevitable, but it's the house itself that is the story's major player. Corman utilising his widescreen trait to make the house disjointed and creepy in every frame, with the use of sounds also helping to keep the pervading sense of doom a very real threat -  the house does in fact become the monster of the piece.\r\n\r\nAll is not well in the House Of Usher, I hope you feel it as well. Amen. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [28501, 25319, 29056, 30137], "youtube_key": "dXpYKCAEOQc"}