{"tmdb_id": 2349, "title": "Peas at 5:30", "original_title": "Erbsen auf halb 6", "slug_title": "peas-at-5-30", "date": "2004-03-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "It all starts with a bang. The car breaks through the crash barrier and falls off the bridge. The lights go out. After that, he is not able to see anymore. His optic nerve is severed, from now on the young stage-director Jakob is blind. His life will change and nothing will ever be the same. Jakob cannot handle the idea of never being able to see again and screams at the only woman who is able and willing to help him, Lily. A rehabilitation teacher, she helps the blind deal with the darkness. Lily has been living with it since birth, she too is blind.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w0WaSJVQzS9rXC439mbAnxlVoUf.jpg", "actors": ["Fritzi Haberlandt (Lilly Walter)", "Tina Engel (Regine)", "Harald Schrott (Paul)", "Jenny Gr\u00f6llmann (Franziska)", "Alice Dwyer (Alex)", "Max Mauff (Ben)", "Annett Renneberg (Nina)", "Jens M\u00fcnchow (Jan)", "Petra Hartung (Pflegerin)", "Jens Peter Brose (Mann im Anzug)", "Aksana Assmann (Helena)", "Imke B\u00fcchel (Puck)", "Mario Winkelmann (Klappmesser Junge)", "Dustin Semmelrogge (Kleinkrimineller)", "Ina Holst (Zimmerwirtin)", "Jens Peter Brose (Mann im Kiosk)", "Matthias Brenner (Bauer)", "Claudia Dibbern (Kellnerin)", "Samantha Viana (Pyramus)", "Christelle Gilles (Lysander)", "Jodie Ahlborn (Demetrius)", "Cecile Harke (Helena)", "Reinhard Wegner (Taxifahrer Bahnhof)", "Matthias Zelic (Hausmeister Hochhaus)", "Heinz Petters (K\u00fcster)", "Hilmir Sn\u00e6r Gu\u00f0nason (Jakob Magnuson)", "Michael Hanemann (Pfarrer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [24633, 1925, 10647, 24420], "youtube_key": "XEMm1WfB1u0"}