{"tmdb_id": 23525, "title": "The D.I.", "original_title": "The D.I.", "slug_title": "the-d-i", "date": "1957-05-30", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Gunnery Sergeant Jim Moore is one of the toughest Drill Instructors on Parris Island. But he's got a thorn in his side: Pvt. Owens, who always seems to foul up when the pressure's on. Convinced that \"there's a man underneath that baby powder,\" Sgt. Moore drives Owens to the point of desertion. Making things worse, Capt. Anderson has given Moore three days to make the scared private into Marine material, \"or I'll personally cut the lace off his panties and ship him out!\" Adding to the pressure, Moore also juggles a budding romance with a shop girl.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oDethjrKIiwysFavZG6uqYoS4O2.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Webb (Gunnery Sgt. Jim Moore)", "Don Dubbins (Pvt. Owens)", "Jackie Loughery (Anne)", "Lin McCarthy (Capt. Anderson)", "Monica Lewis (Burt)", "Virginia Gregg (Mrs. Owens)", "Jeannie Beacham (Hostess)", "Lou Tobin (Bartender at Cotton Club)", "Earle Hodgins (Guard)", "Jeanne Baird (Mother at Woman's Store)", "Barbara Pepper (Woman Customer)", "Melody Gale (Little Girl at Woman's Store)", "John T. Ahern (Pvt. Castro)", "Charles M. Golden (Pvt. Labarsky)", "Joseph C. Holmes (Pvt. Madison)", "Charles A. Love (Pvt. Hillbilly)", "Peter J. O'Neill (Pvt. Rodriguez)", "Paul E. Prutzman (Sgt. Braver)", "Gordon L. Seiple (Pvt. Carver)", "William E. Smith (Pvt. Douglas McKinley)", "Douglas E. Wilson (Pvt. Franklin)", "Laurence C. Windsor Jr. (Pvt. Severeign)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [153228, 94139, 24790, 43448], "youtube_key": "bSCp8txMl-4"}