{"tmdb_id": 2357, "title": "Une star dans ma vie", "original_title": "10 Items or Less", "slug_title": "une-star-dans-ma-vie", "date": "2006-09-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Pour pr\u00e9parer un r\u00f4le, un com\u00e9dien fait la connaissance d'une vendeuse d'\u00e9picerie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zBKOY3fJNQZ88VNM7oLz1l7aBZF.jpg", "actors": ["Paz Vega (Scarlet)", "Morgan Freeman ('Him')", "Jonah Hill (Packy)", "Bobby Cannavale (Bobby)", "Anne Dudek (Lorraine)", "Jennifer Echols (Tracey with an 'E')", "Leonardo Nam (Kid at Target)", "Kumar Pallana (Lee)", "Jim Parsons (Receptionist)", "Alexandra Berardi (Mop Lady)", "Hector Atreyu Ruiz (Gangbanger in Lowrider)", "Danny DeVito (Big D)", "Rhea Perlman (Mrs. D)", "Alexis Hernandez (Cowed Customer)", "Silvia Curiel (Shocked Customer)", "Matthew Perales (Carwash Kid)", "Eddie 'Piolin' Sotelo (Radio DJ (voice))", "Nacho Pina (Market Husband)", "Francisca Hernandez (Market Wife / Market Gossip #1)", "Rosa Diaz (Market Gossip #2)", "Ski Carr (Tony / Banger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A small film that somehow restores your faith in life, in people, in, well,\u2026 everything\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2006 and written & directed by Brad Silberling, \u201c10 Items or Less\u201d is a drama about an aged has-been actor (Morgan Freeman) who researches for an indie gig after a four-year dry spell. He meets a spitfire checkout clerk named Scarlet (Paz Vega) at a supermarket in a Latino community of Los Angeles. Impressed by the young woman, he decides to help her while psyching-up for the role.          \r\n\r\nThe plot is obviously borrowed from 2003\u2019s \u201cLost in Translation.\u201d To key you off, the girl is named after Scarlett Johansson. But don\u2019t let that keep you from seeing this minor gem because the characters are very different, plus other nuances. For instance, Morgan\u2019s character (simply called \u201cHim\u201d in the cast list) reflects the \u201cjoy of living\u201d (joie de vivre) as opposed to Bill Murray\u2019s amusing curmudgeon in \u201cLost in Translation.\u201d \r\n\r\nMoreover, \u201c10 Items\u201d is less melancholy; and the girl isn\u2019t na\u00efve and overly sweet like Charlotte (Johansson) in \u201cLost.\u201d It\u2019s a small film, with the end credits rolling a mere ten minutes after the hour mark, and so it lacks the depth of \u201cLost\u201d and isn\u2019t as moving (at least as far as pulling your romantic heartstrings), but it\u2019s more heartwarming and overall inspiring.              \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 21 minutes and was shot in Brentwood, Los Angeles, and nearby Carson (to the south). \r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [18654, 14892, 115738, 18711], "youtube_key": "zLiw-bD9KPk"}