{"tmdb_id": 2362, "title": "Mondwest", "original_title": "Westworld", "slug_title": "mondwest", "date": "1973-11-21", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller / Western", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un parc d'attractions peupl\u00e9 de robots propose aux visiteurs de se replonger dans plusieurs \u00e9poques. Lanc\u00e9s dans l'Ouest sauvage, deux amis se retrouvent plong\u00e9s en plein cauchemar quand l'un des andro\u00efdes se d\u00e9traque et les prend en chasse...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUVxc65WhjlPVwg4iO9gGhGwwA7.jpg", "actors": ["Yul Brynner (The Gunslinger)", "Richard Benjamin (Peter Martin)", "James Brolin (John Blane)", "Norman Bartold (Medieval Knight)", "Alan Oppenheimer (Chief Supervisor)", "Victoria Shaw (Medieval Queen)", "Dick Van Patten (Banker)", "Linda Gaye Scott (Arlette)", "Steve Franken (Technican)", "Michael T. Mikler (Blackknight)", "Terry Wilson (Sheriff)", "Anne Randall (Serrant Girl)", "Majel Barrett (Miss Carrie)", "Anne Bellamy (Middle Aged Woman)", "Charles Seel (Bellhop)", "Wade Crosby (Bartender)", "Nora Marlowe (Hostess)", "Lin Henson (Ticket Girl)", "C. Lindsay Workman (Supervisor)", "Lauren Gilbert (Supervisor)", "Davis Roberts (Supervisor)", "Howard Platt (Supervisor)", "Richard Roat (Technician)", "Kenneth Washington (Technician)", "Jared Martin (Technician)", "Robert Patten (Technician)", "David M. Frank (Technician)", "Kip King (Technician)", "David Man (Technician)", "Larry Delaney (Technician)", "Will J. White (Workman)", "Ben Young (Workman)", "Tom Falk (Workman)", "Orville Sherman (Supervisor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The amusement park where you can go back in time!**\r\n\r\nI wanted to see it before I get into the new television series of the same name based on this. This is totally amazing film, especially coming from the early 70s. Obviously everyone understands the cowboy culture, because it was from the past. But mixing it with the future was the real beauty here. The robots and all, I don't think all the people from that era understood it clearly, but surely they have got entertained. So now, people do have knowledge about the things what in this film was talked, but still this film is effective despite the technology differs.\r\n\r\nNo doubt this film was the source of inspiration for many films that came after it. That's what I was remembering while watching that so many titles popped in my mind. So hats off to the creator of this. But looking at its rating and reviews, seems an under-rated and under-recognised film. The story was kept simple, not making any complication, either technical terms or characters and the story developments.\r\n\r\nThe two friends head for an amusement part where they can have the real wild wild west holiday by drawing the arms against the robots. But one day when something goes wrong, one of them who got stranded there, looks for a way out and how he makes it told in the remaining narration. It does not give any reason why malfunction happened. Because that's how things happen right, like when a plane crash, we investigate what caused it later. So in this, it was just focused on a disaster, but the first half of was different which was more an introduction to what kind of world the story sets in.\r\n\r\nIf 'Star Wars' is the father of all the space films and 'The Lord of the Rings' for all the fantasy films, then this must be the father of all the dystopian films that we see in the present cinema. Certainly it is not a masterpiece, but the idea of the film plot stands alone. It opened the door for the similarly themed films like 'Night of the Living Dead' did for the zombie films. A must, must see film, particularly by the film fanatics.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [10803, 10640, 11234, 828]}