{"tmdb_id": 236735, "title": "La isla m\u00ednima", "original_title": "La isla m\u00ednima", "slug_title": "la-isla-minima", "date": "2014-09-25", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux flics que tout oppose, dans l'Espagne post-franquiste des ann\u00e9es 1980, sont envoy\u00e9s dans une petite ville d'Andalousie  pour enqu\u00eater sur l'assassinat sauvage de deux adolescentes pendant les f\u00eates locales. Au coeur des mar\u00e9cages de cette r\u00e9gion encore ancr\u00e9e dans le pass\u00e9, parfois jusqu'\u00e0 l'absurde et o\u00f9 r\u00e8gne la loi du silence,  ils vont devoir surmonter leurs diff\u00e9rences pour d\u00e9masquer le tueur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7pkg0t1p4GAV2gzYe5MEFwoz4AM.jpg", "actors": ["Ra\u00fal Ar\u00e9valo (Pedro)", "Javier Guti\u00e9rrez (Juan)", "Antonio de la Torre (Rodrigo)", "Nerea Barros (Roc\u00edo)", "Salva Reina (Jes\u00fas)", "Jes\u00fas Castro (Quini)", "Manolo Solo (Periodista)", "Cecilia Villanueva (Mar\u00eda)", "Juan Carlos Villanueva (Juez Andrade)", "Jes\u00fas Carroza (Miguel)", "Mercedes Le\u00f3n (Se\u00f1ora Casa Coto)", "Adelfa Calvo (Fernanda)", "Jes\u00fas Ortiz (Andr\u00e9s)", "Ana Tomeno (Marina)", "\u00c1ngela Vega (Angelita)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A fine Spanish countryside murder mystery.\r\n\r\nThis is a good suspense-crime-thriller. Reminded me the Korean film 'Memories of Murder', but not the same or similar, except the crime scenario and the location. Awesome to see a detective story that takes place outside the urban area. The Spanish countryside was so beautiful, those marshlands, especially from the aerial views.\r\n\r\nI think the brilliant cinematography is the first thing anyone would notice and the 80s atmosphere. The narration was steady as the crime after the crime with tension arise, while on the other side the investigation advancing till the last minute to reveal the truth.\r\n\r\nThe two cops were so good, along the murder mysteries they're working on. Beside these two men are the characters with riddles. Not only to each others, but for us as well. Not easy to predict anything, also there are some loose ends to have our own perspective regarding the story puzzle. The overall impression is its a fine mystery-crime, but still I felt that I did not enjoy entirely due to the lack of originality. Other than that I'm sure it is worth a watch.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The plot of the actual crime is not the brightest but that's the only weak point of this movie.\r\n\r\nThe directing and photography are really, really good, with an atmosphere that remembers to the latest rising of the Scandinavian crime novels. Stieg Larsson, and series like Bron/Broen (which have been later deeply inspiring US series like \"True Detective\") are very present in this movie.\r\n\r\nThe cast is superb and gives us great performances. Ar\u00e9valo and Guti\u00e9rrez, which usually perform comedy roles, are fantastic, as also are Barros and Reina. The dialogs are really good and also the several loose ends that the story leaves.\r\n\r\nTo finish, the movie moves around the history of the under-dictatorship and incipient democratic Spain in an indirect way used quite often in Spanish movies. This lets the viewer the door ajar so they can be curious enough to enter and look for more information on their own, while leaving the movie in a safe spot, far from the criticism that could suffer from those in Spain still not acknowledging the darkest period of the recent history of the country."}], "recommandations_id": [247182, 411638, 33273, 236737], "youtube_key": "8Fpk3Lnc638"}