{"tmdb_id": 237791, "title": "Au premier regard", "original_title": "Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho", "slug_title": "au-premier-regard", "date": "2014-03-28", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Leonardo, 15 ans, est aveugle. Il aimerait \u00eatre plus ind\u00e9pendant, \u00e9tudier \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9tranger, mais aussi tomber amoureux. Un jour, Gabriel, un nouvel \u00e9l\u00e8ve, d\u00e9barque dans sa classe. Les deux adolescents se rapprochent et progressivement, leur amiti\u00e9 semble \u00e9voluer vers autre chose. Mais comment Leonardo pourrait-il s\u00e9duire Gabriel et savoir s\u2019il lui plait puisqu\u2019il ne peut pas le voir ? Et comment doit-il se comporter avec son amie d'enfance Gi, secr\u00e8tement amoureuse de lui ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oAPCsQiWV6YUd0Gt62BOwb8aSth.jpg", "actors": ["Ghilherme Lobo (Leonardo)", "F\u00e1bio Audi (Gabriel)", "Tess Amorim (Giovana)", "L\u00facia Romano (Laura)", "Eucir de Souza (Carlos)", "Selma Egrei (Av\u00f3 Maria)", "Isabela Guasco (Karina)", "Victor Filgueiras (Guilherme)", "Pedro Carvalho (F\u00e1bio)", "Guga Auricchio (Carlinhos)", "B\u00e1rbara Pereira (Marta)", "Matheus Abreu (William)", "Naruna Costa (Professora Ana)", "J\u00falio Machado (Professor Rubens)", "Renata Novaes (Sandra)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Some prince charming is not after the princess.\r\n\r\nThe Brasil's submission for the last concluded American Academy Awards, the 2015's Oscar edition and as we know it did not make that far. Again, one more movie in the list of 'based on the short film'. It also retained all the prominent cast and their respective roles for this full length feature. A teen romance-drama, a gay theme as well as a love triangle. Very light and softly narrated tricky romance theme and obviously suited well as a complete picture.\r\n\r\nThe story was told from the perspective of a blind high school student Leo. He and Gi are the friends since childhood. She's always there for him like a pair of eyes, a companion who walks with him home, only until a new student Gabe arrives. The things are starting to change around them and they begin to realise how much valuable to each other. What comes after is the crux of the story. The same old jealousy story, but from the fresh cast it looked so good.\r\n\r\n> \"In our eclipse, Gabriel would be the\r\n> Earth and you, the moon.\"\r\n\r\nA successful domestic box office, critically acclaimed film and the better ratings in all the online movie database, but to me it was just a good movie. The story had adorable characters and the love tale was told in a cute way, though that was not enough for me to get excited. No offense, but the gay theme was the letdown, that doesn't mean I'm against the gay. I loved 'Love of Siam' and 'Bangkok Love Story'. Maybe because I'm a straight, though I had no problem with the movies like 'Water Lilies', 'Yes or No' and other lesbian movies.\r\n\r\nIt's a crazy world, full of crazy people and their crazy romances. Whatever the format is, the love is always sweet. I liked this film's concept, if it was reversed from the gay to the lesbian, probably I would have loved it more. Or the story structure and character development in the first half should have been improved. Because in the end part, looked everything hurried and forced to conclude. Don't listen to me, you might like it, but be cautious, especially don't go after it with a great expectation seeing plenty of praise everywhere.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [244063, 72660, 167581, 100898], "youtube_key": "DBS6pBQwvTo"}