{"tmdb_id": 238215, "title": "The Cobbler", "original_title": "The Cobbler", "slug_title": "the-cobbler", "date": "2014-09-11", "genre": "Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Max Simkin est un cordonnier solitaire, l\u00e9g\u00e8rement malheureux, qui d\u00e9couvre une machine magique lui permettant, s'il chausse les chaussures de ses clients, de leur ressembler trait pour trait.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rUMpmOaoJdoLjkoUfUJaTfk3QyL.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Max Simkin)", "Dan Stevens (Emiliano)", "Steve Buscemi (Jimmy)", "Dustin Hoffman (Abraham Simkin)", "Ellen Barkin (Elaine Greenawalt)", "Dascha Polanco (Macy)", "Elena Kampouris (Alexia)", "Jared Sandler (Cool Bar Guy)", "Melonie Diaz (Carmen Herrara)", "Glenn Fleshler (Jeffrey)", "Method Man (Ludlow)", "Lynn Cohen (Mrs. Simkin)", "Yul Vazquez (Max / Marsha)", "Joey Slotnick (Sleek Guy)", "Greta Lee (Kara)", "Donnie Keshawarz (Pinchas Simkin)", "Kevin Breznahan (Patrick)", "Danny Mastrogiorgio (Brian)", "Grizz Chapman (Tino)", "Natia Dune (Waitress)", "Sondra James (Anna Stevens)", "John DeBlasio (Akram)", "Kim Cloutier (Taryn)", "Craig Walker (Danny Donald)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "I don't know what's really going on with Adam Sandler in the recent years, he was actually out of the league for a while from entertaining his fans. All he did was overdose comedies which were below par compared to his earlier movies. I said in 'Blended' review that I'm tired of his movie, but watched it only because of the director. All his films were very impressive and I believed him on this one, more than the Sandler. Otherwise, it would have been undoubtedly a skippable flick.\r\n\r\nAs expected the movie was good, but not without the flaws, I mean the major ones because there are many unanswered stuffs that leaves viewers go either way from thinking all the possibility to create their own imagination. Hope that's not the case, the writers do not want to be that smart otherwise it will be a messed up movie with having a wonderful theme idea.\r\n\r\nYeah, I liked the concept, but it should have been a bit detail while exploring the story and exhibiting the characters. I still feel it can be covered in the follow-up, so from that perspective, the movie was decent. Especially highlighting one of the social issue was a nice addition, but the portrayal of family affair was a disappointment. It's that kind of story demanded in a like manner, but that does not convince me at all.\r\n\r\nFrom the Adam Sandler's perspective the movie was much better, because of his series of recent fails. At the same time it was a bit letdown from the perspective of the director known for his cool works. Overall, it lays on 50-50, and mostly favours on the positive side because of the narration of the dark comedy in a style. And again, I felt the end was terrible with cliche. I definitely give thumbs up to go for it, even though the loopholes the creative concept draws our attention.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [252838, 347969, 239573, 389053]}