{"tmdb_id": 238807, "title": "Fig Trees", "original_title": "Fig Trees", "slug_title": "fig-trees", "date": "2009-02-09", "genre": ["Documentaire / Musique"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "FIG TREES is a documentary opera about AIDS activists Tim McCaskell of Toronto and Zackie Achmat of  Capetown as they fight for access to treatment drugs. Documentary interviews, speeches, press conferences and  demonstrations are sampled, taken apart, and set to music, replayed this time as operatic scenes. A surreal fictional  narrative is intercut with the stories of their struggles against government and the pharmaceutical industry. In this  fictional world, Gertrude Stein decides to write a tragic opera about Tim and Zackie and their saint-like heroism.  She kidnaps them, transports them to Niagara Falls, and forces them to sing a series of complicated avant-garde  vocal compositions. However, when Zackie ends his treatment strike and starts taking his pills, Gertrude realizes  that there will be no more tragedy, and thus, no more opera.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jQj7OW3KxTpKfzvVFt4CygzF93n.jpg", "actors": ["Van Abrahams (Christopher Moraka)", "Zackie Achmat (Christopher Moraka)", "Stephen Chen (Saint Caesura)", "Ezra Perlman (St. Martin)", "Ashton Williams (Nkosi Johnson)", "Denise Williams (St. Teresa of Avila)", "David Wall (Tim McCaskell)", "Deborah Overes (Gertrude Stein)", "Ian Funk, Jesse Nishita (Virgil Thomson)", "Mark Hartmeier (St. Peregrine)", "Justin Bacchus (Christopher Moraka)", "Stephen McClare (Translator)", "Jennifer Moore (Thabo/Manto/Rat)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "UREohupHZxM"}