{"tmdb_id": 238, "title": "Le Parrain", "original_title": "The Godfather", "slug_title": "le-parrain", "date": "1972-03-14", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "8.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1945, \u00e0 New York, les Corleone sont une des cinq familles de la mafia. Don Vito Corleone, \"parrain\" de cette famille, marie sa fille \u00e0 un bookmaker. Sollozzo, \" parrain \" de la famille Tattaglia, propose \u00e0 Don Vito une association dans le trafic de drogue, mais celui-ci refuse. Sonny, un de ses fils, y est quant \u00e0 lui favorable.\r Afin de traiter avec Sonny, Sollozzo tente de faire tuer Don Vito, mais celui-ci en r\u00e9chappe. Michael, le fr\u00e8re cadet de Sonny, recherche alors les commanditaires de l'attentat et tue Sollozzo et le chef de la police, en repr\u00e9sailles.\r Michael part alors en Sicile, o\u00f9 il \u00e9pouse Apollonia, mais celle-ci est assassin\u00e9e \u00e0 sa place. De retour \u00e0 New York, Michael \u00e9pouse Kay Adams et se pr\u00e9pare \u00e0 devenir le successeur de son p\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j0O2PYvV2INW64jmTc4e5IVqQsz.jpg", "actors": ["Marlon Brando (Don Vito Corleone)", "Al Pacino (Michael Corleone)", "James Caan (Santino 'Sonny' Corleone)", "Richard S. Castellano (Pete Clemenza)", "Robert Duvall (Tom Hagen)", "Sterling Hayden (Capt. Mark McCluskey)", "John Marley (Jack Woltz)", "Richard Conte (Emilio Barzini)", "Al Lettieri (Virgil 'Der T\u00fcrke' Sollozzo)", "Diane Keaton (Kay Adams)", "Abe Vigoda (Salvatore \"Sally\" Tessio)", "Talia Shire (Connie Corleone Rizzi)", "Gianni Russo (Carlo Rizzi)", "John Cazale (Fredo Corleone)", "Rudy Bond (Carmine Cuneo)", "Al Martino (Johnny Fontane)", "Morgana King (Mama Corleone)", "Lenny Montana (Luca Brasi)", "John Martino (Paulie)", "Salvatore Corsitto (Bonasera)", "Alex Rocco (Moe Greene)", "Tony Giorgio (Bruno Tattaglia)", "Victor Rendina (Philip Tattaglia)", "Simonetta Stefanelli (Apollonia Vitelli-Corleone)", "Saro Urz\u00ec (Vitelli)", "Sofia Coppola (Michael Francis Rizzi)", "Louis Guss (Don Zaluchi)", "Gabriele Torrei (Enzo, the baker)", "Tony King (Tony - Stablehand)", "Richard Bright (Neri)", "Vito Scotti (Nazorine)", "Tere Livrano (Theresa Hagen)", "Julie Gregg (Sandra Corleone)", "Angelo Infanti (Fabrizio)", "Corrado Gaipa (Don Tommasino)", "Franco Citti (Calo)", "Max Brandt (Extra in Furniture-Moving Scene (uncredited))", "Carmine Coppola (Piano Player in Montage (uncredited))", "Roman Coppola (Boy on Street Who Attended Funeral (uncredited))", "Don Costello (Don Victor Stracci (uncredited))", "Robert Dahdah (Crowd (uncredited))", "Gray Frederickson (Cowboy on the Set at Woltz's Studio (uncredited))", "Ron Gilbert (Usher in Bridal Party (uncredited))", "Joe Lo Grippo (Sonny's Bodyguard (uncredited))", "Sonny Grosso (Cop Outside Hospital (uncredited))", "Randy Jurgensen (Sonny's Killer #1 (uncredited))", "Tony Lip (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Lou Martini Jr. (Boy at Wedding (uncredited))", "Raymond Martino (Corleone Family Member (uncredited))", "Joseph Medaglia (Priest at Baptism (uncredited))", "Rick Petrucelli (Man in Passenger Seat (uncredited))", "Sal Richards (Drunk (uncredited))", "Tom Rosqui (Rocco Lampone (uncredited))", "Frank Sivero (Street Extra (uncredited))", "Filomena Spagnuolo (Extra in Wedding Scene (uncredited))", "Joe Spinell (Willi Cicci (uncredited))", "Nick Vallelonga (Wedding Party Guest (uncredited))", "Conrad Yama (Fruit Vendor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "futuretv", "content": "The Godfather Review by Al Carlson\r\n\r\nThe Godfather is a film considered by most to be one of the greatest ever made. From The American Film Institute to as voted by users on the Internet Movie Database (IMDB) it is consider to be one of the best. As a film that ranks as high as other masterpieces including Citizen Kane, Pulp Fiction and 12 Angry Men, The Godfather is an exceptional piece of cinema excellence that is flawless and is simply the pinnacle crime drama.\r\nThe Godfather revolves around the Corleone\u2019s, an Italian family with deep roots in the New York City mafia. The head of the Corleone\u2019s is Don Vito Corleone, a man who takes care of his family and demands respect in return. His son Michael however, who just returned home from World War II, doesn\u2019t want to become involved with the family business. The Sollozzo\u2019s, a family of drug dealers, confront Don and request protection in exchange for profits from the Sollozzo\u2019s drug sales. But Don declines the offer, for he is against selling narcotics. The rejected offer starts what turns into an all out mafia war between the two families with Michael diving deep into the mafia lifestyle.\r\nThe characters are portrayed by a legendary all-star cast including Marlon Brando as Don, Al Pacino as his son Michael and James Caan as Don\u2019s oldest son Sonny. The casting for this film has been considered by many to be the best casted film in history for their astonishing performances. All three main actors were nominated for an academy award, but only Marlon Brando won an Oscar for best actor in a leading role. It\u2019s fascinating to watch how these characters change over the course of the movie, with one in particular changing drastically.\r\nDirecter Francis Ford Coppola, being raised in an Italian-American family in New York, understood Italian culture exceptionally and made the film very authentically. Everything from the wedding dances to the cuisine to the terms used by the characters in Sicilian come from Coppola\u2019s first-hand knowledge of Italian-American culture. Italian composer Nino Rota did an outstanding job making the soundtrack for the film, despite not getting the Oscar for best music (but he did win an Oscar for his work in the sequel, The Godfather: Part II). Virtually everyone recognizes that iconic trumpet solo once it starts playing. He also wrote the score for another great Italian film 8 1/2. \r\nThis film should be immediately followed up by it\u2019s sequel, The Godfather: Part II, which also won best picture. The series still holds the title of most best picture awards for a film series to this day. They\u2019re both flawless crime dramas and have earned their titles as some of the best pieces of cinema ever. I will guarantee you won\u2019t be able to see this film only once, as it gets better after continual viewings. There is really nothing more to add other than if you haven\u2019t seen this movie yet, it\u2019s about time you did. The Godfather is a movie you can\u2019t refuse."}], "recommandations_id": [240, 242, 769, 111]}