{"tmdb_id": 23928, "title": "Capitaine sans peur", "original_title": "Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.", "slug_title": "capitaine-sans-peur", "date": "1951-04-10", "genre": ["Guerre / Action / Aventure / Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1807, un navire de guerre de la marine royale britannique le Lydia, appareille pour une destination inconnue. Napol\u00e9on est alors \u00e0 la t\u00eate d'une arm\u00e9e de cinq millions de soldats qui font r\u00e9gner la terreur sur tout le continent europ\u00e9en. L'Angleterre elle-m\u00eame ne peut esp\u00e9rer le salut que sur sa flotte, qui lui assure une ma\u00eetrise presque totale des mers. \u00c0 bord du Lydia, seul le capitaine Horatio Hornblower conna\u00eet le but du voyage\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/irPhwl2cPnVsMBiO2YXOZzytYND.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Captain Horatio Hornblower R N)", "Virginia Mayo (Lady Barbara Wellesley)", "Robert Beatty (Lt William Bush)", "Moultrie Kelsall (Lt. Crystal)", "Terence Morgan (2nd Lt. Gerard)", "James Kenney (Midshipman Longley)", "James Robertson Justice (Seaman Quist)", "Denis O'Dea (RAdm. Sir Rodney Leighton)", "Richard Hearne (Polwheal)", "Michael Dolan (Surgeon Gundarson)", "Stanley Baker (Mr. Harrison (Bosun))", "Alan Tilvern (Hernandez)", "Alec Mango (El Supremo (Don Julian Alvarado))", "Christopher Lee (Spanish Captain)", "John Witty (Capt. Entenza)", "Michael Goodliffe (Col. Caillard - POW Escort)", "Eugene Deckers (French Commandant)", "Ingeborg von Kusserow (Hebe (Lady Barbara's Maid) (as Ingeborg Wells))", "Amy Veness (Mrs. McPhee (Hornblower's Housekeeper))", "Kynaston Reeves (Adm. Lord Hood)", "Ronald Adam (Adm. McCartney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Beat To Quarters!\r\n\r\nIt's fun, it's exciting, and it looks fabulous at times, it is however far from being a great movie. In the absence of Errol Flynn, Gregory Peck steps in to Hornblower's shoes and as much as he gives it his all (rumoured to have been one of his favourite performances), it's a spot of miscasting that thankfully doesn't kill the picture dead, he's just sadly a tad too straight laced to really make the role work. The same can be said for the casting of Virginia Mayo as Lady Barbara Wellesley, pretty as she is, it's an odd bit of casting that never quite comes off, yet as daft as it may sound, neither case of miscasting hurts the picture, and this comes down to the astute direction from Raoul Walsh.\r\n\r\nThe pace never flags so we are never over concerned with the central actors struggles to make the characters work, backed up by Guy Green's camera work and Robert Farnon's jaunty score, the technical aspects of the piece steer the viewer on to safe waters (ahem). The sets are excellent and the recreation of the ships is first rate, with the final quarter of the movie giving us a blood pumping battle that's full of heroic bluster. It's a film that is easily recommended to adventure fans, though far from perfect and it remains a wasted opportunity in my eyes, but it's still a very enjoyable film for all the family. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74436, 35868, 121018, 42525], "youtube_key": "s2l0p-fg4lU"}