{"tmdb_id": 239367, "title": "L'\u00eele de Giovanni", "original_title": "\u30b8\u30e7\u30d0\u30f3\u30cb\u306e\u5cf6", "slug_title": "l-ile-de-giovanni", "date": "2014-02-22", "genre": "Animation / Drame / Histoire", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "1945 : Apr\u00e8s sa d\u00e9faite, le peuple japonais vit dans la crainte des forces am\u00e9ricaines. Au nord du pays, dans la minuscule \u00eele de Shikotan, la vie s'organise entre la reconstruction et la peur de l'invasion. Ce petit lot de terre, \u00e9loign\u00e9 de tout, va finalement \u00eatre annex\u00e9 par l'arm\u00e9e russe. Commence alors une \u00e9trange cohabitation entre les familles des soldats sovi\u00e9tiques et les habitants de l'\u00eele que tout oppose, mais l'espoir rena\u00eet \u00e0 travers l'innocence de deux enfants, Tanya et Jumpei...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/SGMNVVjBBxlbTB3jkAQiB7qTbK.jpg", "actors": ["Masachika Ichimura (Tatsuo Senou)", "Polina Ilyushenko (Tanja)", "Hiroshi Inuzuka (Village chief)", "Sabur\u00f4 Kitajima (Genzou Senou)", "Tatsuya Nakadai (Junpei Senou)", "Yukie Nakama (Sawako)", "Junya Taniai (Hirota Senou)", "Kanako Yanagihara (Micchan)", "Kota Yokoyama (Junpei Senou)", "Y\u016bsuke Santamaria ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The consequence of the WWII on the two Japanese children.\r\n\r\nThe latest Japanese anime, based on the fictional account. Following the Japan's surrender during the World War II, the narration concentrates how the people are affected by the consequences of the war. The movie opens with the two elderly people heading towards their childhood village, recalling their memories. The entire movie was from the children's perspective of what they have seen.\r\n\r\nThe story of two young boys living in a remote island of the Japan. Who are obsessed with the toy trains and hopes see them in real one day. When Soviet invades the island and forced to live under their rule with coexist. The life remains unaffected, the children go to the school as usual, where these two boys meet the young Russian blonde girl and befriends. What comes after is the struggle that becomes a lot tougher by the days come and surviving becomes challenging.\r\n\r\nIt was not a top notch anime as I was expecting, but had a decent storyline and the characters. Still, it was a traditional presentation and so pleasant to watch. Somewhat it reminds the 'Grave of the Fireflies', but comparable with that, it was only the less emotionally appealing. The end really got me, I felt the depth. The strong conclusion was the movie's strength, otherwise I would have not liked the flick this much. Yet, I am not sure whether everybody going to like it or not, but still I suggest it only if you're convinced by other than my review too.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74982, 109048, 371266, 33253]}