{"tmdb_id": 239571, "title": "Une seconde chance", "original_title": "The Best of Me", "slug_title": "une-seconde-chance", "date": "2014-10-16", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Vingt ans apr\u00e8s leur romance, un homme et une femme se retrouvent \u00e0 l'enterrement d'un ami commun.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/itfW2EIH2qEBip3BmHs2Twq03eZ.jpg", "actors": ["Michelle Monaghan (Amanda Collier)", "James Marsden (Dawson Cole)", "Liana Liberato (Young Amanda Collier)", "Luke Bracey (Younger Dawson Cole)", "Gerald McRaney (Tuck Hostetler)", "Caroline Goodall (Evelyn)", "Clarke Peters (Morgan Dupree)", "Sebastian Arcelus (Frank Reynolds)", "Jon Tenney (Harvey Collier)", "Sean Bridgers (Tommy Cole)", "Hunter Burke (Abee)", "Robby Rasmussen (Bobby / Aaron)", "Caroline Hebert (Young April)", "Schuyler Fisk (April)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Jack)", "Bill Martin Williams (Uncle)", "Jimmy Gonzales (Guard)", "Mia Frost (Brandi)", "Donna DuPlantier (Dr. Charbeaneau)", "David Jensen (Dr. Pundt)", "Jim Gleason (Lawyer)", "Kesha Bullard (Leonie)", "Julia Lashae (Clara)", "Jordan Smith (Rich Kid #1)", "Laura Meyer (Receptionist #2)", "Bailey Winston (Amanda's Friend)", "Matthew Metzger (Rich Kid #2)", "Thomas Ryan Smith (Rich Kid #3)", "Brittany Buckner (Receptionist #1)", "Keith Cieslinski (Priest)", "Brian Les Weinberger (Court Lawyer)", "Virgil Brent Allen (Oil Rig Worker)", "Ian Nelson (Jared)", "Rob Mello (Ted Cole)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A failed high school romance and one more chance to fix it in the later years.**\r\n\r\nBased on one of the Nicholas Sparks book of the same name. The story of a failed high school romance who meet again later in their lives. But the flashback comes right away after the initial segment to reveal theirs young romance and what made them part away. Between the present and the past, it keeps up the momentum and concludes the tale with a twist. Though you would know mile away what's coming.\r\n\r\nI did not like all the films based on the stories from the original author. But this one looked okay to me, not so good or too bad. All his films are romance theme, but in this film, that part was very weak. I did not expect that, particularly emotionless when compared to his other flicks. Still, the filmmaking was decent, with the good actors. But the casting was confusing at the beginning for having two sets of actors and then soon it cleared out all the doubts.\r\n\r\nKind of supernatural theme, but not a fantasy. Feels a bit long, because the story developments were slow and most of the parts are not interesting. This is not a romance film I was looking for, but different where everything was dragged to the final twist, especially since the accident that happened at the opening. I did not watch it till now, because I did not feel I wanted to after watching its trailer. But I knew some day I would see it and that is now. I don't know what you thought of it, but for me it is an average film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [228205, 112949, 77877, 226857]}