{"tmdb_id": 24006, "title": "O. Henry's Full House", "original_title": "O. Henry's Full House", "slug_title": "o-henry-s-full-house", "date": "1952-08-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Five O. Henry stories, each separate. The primary one from the critic's acclaim was \"The Cop and the Anthem\". Soapy tells fellow bum Horace that he is going to get arrested so he can spend the winter in a nice jail cell. He fails. He can't even accost a woman; she turns out to be a streetwalker. The other stories are \"The Clarion Call\", \"The Last Leaf\", \"The Ransom of Red Chief\", and \"The Gift of the Magi\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dWqfpEauGoT30pfTJSIhFXJX94b.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Laughton (The Cop and the Anthem: Soapy)", "David Wayne (The Cop and the Anthem: Horace)", "Marilyn Monroe (The Cop and the Anthem: Streetwalker)", "Dale Robertson (The Clarion Call: Barney Woods)", "Richard Widmark (The Clarion Call: Johnny Kernan)", "Anne Baxter (The Last Leaf: Joanna Goodwin)", "Jean Peters (The Last Leaf: Susan Goodwin)", "Gregory Ratoff (The Last Leaf: Behrman)", "Fred Allen (The Ransom of Red Chief: Sam 'Slick' Brown)", "Oscar Levant (The Ransom of Red Chief: William Smith)", "Jeanne Crain (The Gift of the Magi: Della)", "Farley Granger (The Gift of the Magi: Jim)", "Lee Aaker (The Ransom of Red Chief: J.B. Dorset)", "Kathleen Freeman (The Ransom of Red Chief: Mrs. Dorset)", "Irving Bacon (The Ransom of Red Chief: Ebineezer Dorset)", "William Vedder (The Cop and the Anthem: Judge)", "Will Wright (The Clarion Call: Hotel Desk Clerk)", "Thomas Browne Henry (The Cop and the Anthem: Manager of Manhattan Cafe)", "Richard Garrick (The Last Leaf: Doctor)", "Steven Geray (The Last Leaf: Boris Radolf)", "Warren Stevens (The Last Leaf: Druggist)", "Robert Easton (The Ransom of Red Chief: Yokel on Mule)", "Carl Betz (Prologue: Jimmy Valentine)", "Herb Vigran (The Clarion Call: Poker Player)", "Fred Kelsey (The Gift of the Maji: Mr. Schultz)", "Harry Hayden (The Gift of the Magi: A.J. Crump)", "Fred Kelsey (The Gift of the Magi: Mr. Schultz)", "Fritz Feld (The Gift of the Magi: Maurice)", "Sig Ruman (The Gift of the Magi: Menkie)", "Frank Jaquet (The Gift of the Magi: Butcher)", "House Peters (The Clarion Call: Dave Bascom)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [17978, 23108, 77198], "youtube_key": "c7FInmLD_F8"}