{"tmdb_id": 240704, "title": "L'\u00eele des l\u00e9muriens : Madagascar", "original_title": "Island of Lemurs: Madagascar", "slug_title": "l-ile-des-lemuriens-madagascar", "date": "2014-04-03", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Originaires de l'Afrique, les l\u00e9muriens, qui existaient \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque des dinosaures, sont arriv\u00e9s sur l'\u00eele de Madagascar en tant que naufrag\u00e9s il y a plusieurs millions d'ann\u00e9es. Au d\u00e9but, ils \u00e9taient la seule esp\u00e8ce animale \u00e0 peupler cette Terre, mais bient\u00f4t, les humains et d'autres mammif\u00e8res ont envahi leur territoire et ont ainsi menac\u00e9 leur survie. La scientifique Patricia C. Wright a consacr\u00e9 sa vie \u00e0 sauver ces b\u00eates. Elle a construit un parc national au coeur m\u00eame de l'\u00eele afin que ces bestioles \u00e9tranges et adorables aient une chance de survivre face aux nombreux incendies que provoquent volontairement les humains pour en faire des terres cultivables.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v1IRDwU1CEqNSwFdJldKB5Kywg.jpg", "actors": ["Morgan Freeman (Narrator)", "Patricia Wright (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The only and final frontier for lemurs is Madagascar.**\r\n\r\nIt is a documentary short with a big message. Like an episode of David Attenborough's nature documentary series. I have never seen a live lemur nor I know their character like I do for other animals. So this film was a learning experience for me and I ask you to do the same, if you have zero knowledge about these wonderful creatures.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed it, but still think they did not use the concept properly. Lacks the depth, I mean going details in scientific research. They have given, but only limited. They have started it by saying how ancient they are and who the reason for the existence of human today. How they found their perfect home in an uninhabited island millions of years ago. Very informative.\r\n\r\nIt was narrated by the actor Morgan Freeman. After the brief introduction, the rest of the film focused to tell an American primatologist's effort to study these animals and educate the local people how precious they are. The pride of Madagascar. I really surprised to learn lots of things, especially about their varieties. But specifying their evolution would have been even better. Since it was a short film, there were restrictions for many things.\r\n\r\n> \"Lemurs are Madagascar's living treasure.\"\r\n\r\nOnce again a film to point out the human's destruction of mother nature. Those who rely on them completely are suffering. Lemurs are the main animal in the Madagascar, but since the humans present from the last two millennia, their numbers are going down. Now Madagascar's the only and final frontier for them. Whatever happened in the past, its time in this third millennium to bring the life back of the old world. Surely every one of us has a small offering that helps to restore it, only we've to commit it right away.\r\n\r\nSo this is a rare documentary. They might have already made a better documentary about the lemurs than this one, but I have never seen them. Since I am a film fanatic, this film came to my notice, but did not take it seriously until now. Mainly because nothing from the poster interested me. I thought it was one of those failed documentary films, with usually tried to impress with the technical aspect like predominated with the digital 3D visuals. I realised now how wrong I was.\r\n\r\nThe poster looks very creepy. I don't think the little kids would want to watch it if they see the film poster first. I thought it was an animation, about the ancient creatures like they do for the dinosaurs. The black lemur with the big blue eyes on the poster looked like an animated character, but he's real. So watch it to educate yourself, particularly if you are a nature and animal lover. Recommended!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [92837, 45166, 309242], "youtube_key": "dmt2NmjbYLA"}