{"tmdb_id": 240832, "title": "Lucy", "original_title": "Lucy", "slug_title": "lucy", "date": "2014-07-25", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Lucy, une jeune \u00e9tudiante ordinaire, se fait kidnapper. \u00c0 son r\u00e9veil, elle d\u00e9couvre que les membres d'une organisation criminelle lui ont ins\u00e9r\u00e9 un paquet de drogue dans l'estomac dans le but de lui faire passer la fronti\u00e8re. Mais lorsqu'\u00e0 la suite d'un coup port\u00e9 \u00e0 son ventre le produit se d\u00e9verse dans son corps et s'implante dans son syst\u00e8me, la jeune femme en subit les \u00e9tonnants effets. Cette substance synth\u00e9tique lui permet de d\u00e9cupler ses capacit\u00e9s intellectuelles et physiques. Devenue un g\u00e9nie autant qu'une v\u00e9ritable machine de guerre, Lucy dispose d\u00e9sormais de pouvoirs illimit\u00e9s et surhumains...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qPNJlH6eNm7a57qPfC50Lc4USN1.jpg", "actors": ["Scarlett Johansson (Lucy Miller)", "Morgan Freeman (Professor Samuel Norman)", "Choi Min-sik (Mr. Jang)", "Amr Waked (Pierre Del Rio)", "Julian Rhind-Tutt (The Limey)", "Pilou Asb\u00e6k (Richard)", "Analeigh Tipton (Caroline)", "Shin Yoo-ram (Jang's Lieutenant)", "Seo Chong-ju (Jang's Lieutenant)", "Nicolas Phongpheth (Jii)", "Paul Lef\u00e8vre (French Mule)", "Jan Oliver Schroeder (German Mule)", "Luca Angeletti (Italian Mule)", "Pierre Poirot (Professor)", "Pierre Grammont (Professor)", "Bertrand Quoniam (Professor)", "Lo\u00efc Brabant (Professor)", "Pascal Loison (Drug Addict)", "Pierre G\u00e9rard (Airport Doctor)", "Isabelle Cagnat (Airport Nurse)", "Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Chau (Cabin Manager)", "Claire Tran (Flight Attendant)", "Fran\u00e7ois Legrand (Business Man Plane)", "Bob Martet (Customs Officer)", "C\u00e9dric Chevalme (Cop Daniel)", "Alexis Rangheard (Cop Robert)", "Tonio Descanvelle (Cop Sergeant)", "Julien Personnaz (Cop)", "Christophe Lavalle (Cop)", "Renaud Cestre (Student)", "Thibault Segouin (Student)", "Matthew Bravais (Student)", "Claire Zaniolo (Student)", "Alessandro Giallocosta (Marco Brezzi)", "Wolfgang Pissors (Berlin Custom Officer)", "Sifan Shao (Chinese Doctor)", "Paul Chan (Taipei Surgeon)", "Chou Chung-Wei (Jang's Man)", "Huan Jhih-Cyuan (Jang's Man)", "I. Cheng-Sheng (Jang's Man)", "Frank Ma (Jang's Man)", "Tseng Sheng-En (Jang's Man)", "Liu Hsieh-Min (Mahjong Room Man)", "Sandra Abouav (Prehistoric Lucy)", "Abel Aboualiten (Prehistoric Man)", "Ken Lin (Regent Hotel Concierge #1)", "Hsing Feng (Lucy's Driver)", "Hao-Hsiang Hsu (Warehouse Man Driver)", "Laura D'Arista (Lucy's Mother (voice))", "Eunyul Hong (Phone Voice Royal Suite (voice))", "Samuel Churin (The Receptionist)", "Mason Lee (Regent Hotel Concierge #2)", "Mohammad Aslam Ansari (Fakir)", "Kevin Dust (American Native Indian)", "Diego Llano (American Native Indian)", "Timothy Reevis (American Native Indian)", "Jaysson Reyes De La Cruz (American Native Indian)", "German Tintaya Mamani (American Native Indian)", "Kanneti Sawe Han (Rubik's Cube Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Matthew Sanders", "content": "There is no excuse for basing a screenplay on taking seriously a well known urban myth and writing it as if the audience believes the myth.\r\n\r\nDid no one up the entire production line step out and call bullshit on the discredited 'we only use 10% of our brain,' idea? I am so embarrassed by seeing actors I admire, Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman, deliver solid performances on the basis of an idea at which most people laugh."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "I've also struggled to appreciate several o Luc Besson's movies but this is is by far the worst one.\r\n\r\nA lot of jibber-jabber bullshit with sexy Scarlett Johansson, lots of FX, predictable ending in Paris and a pointless car race on its streets.\r\n\r\nBetter spend your time on something else ..."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ignorance brings chaos, not knowledge.\r\n\r\nLucy is one of those films that brings about furious reactions, it is after all a science fiction type action thriller. They always divide film fans right from the off. It's a film that to all intents and purposes needs to be viewed just as a cinematic experience, as a piece of popcorn fodder that may try to be something more cerebral, but ultimately is a daft - but hugely fun - piece of film.\r\n\r\nLuc Besson writes and directs a film that sees Scarlett Johansson duped into being a drug mule, with the transportation of drugs sewn into her abdomen. It's a new drug, boy is it a new drug, and when things go belly up and the drugs are unleashed into Scarlett's system, she's a threat - or hope - to mankind.\r\n\r\nIt can be, and has been, called pretentious et al, such is the science factor, which is perfectly understandable, so any hope of tight science fiction musings will only end up in a crushing disappointment. Undeniably Besson and his backers thought they had something to say, to open up the film watchers' minds to something deep and probable, to be relevant and viable. But unlike the makers we the viewers didn't have access to donepezil, so we sadly couldn't all turn into Bradley Cooper and be limitless in our viewing capabilities.\r\n\r\nPersonally, it's a rollicking fun film for two thirds, when it's about Scarlett kicking butt, a revenge driven babe, it grips and shakes all the genre compliant cinematic senses. The ending, the grand finale, infuriated me, and by the looks of Morgan Freeman (coasting for easy money), he was also a little frustrated. But I had fun, yet on the flip side if a"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "A lot of people appears to have gotten into some hate-mode when watching this movie. I guess they did not check up what the movie was really about before watching it. The movie is not perfect, it has its flaws, but a 1 or 2 star bullshit rating is hugely unfair. Personally, I really liked this movie. It is science fiction, pure and simple. If you expect science without the fiction, well then you should go and see some other movie. With Luc Besson both writing and directing and statements like \u201cmerciless warrior evolved beyond human logic\u201d in the blurb \u2026 well I got pretty much what I expected.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts off making you think it is a \u201csimple\u201d revenge story with science fiction elements in the form of the superhuman Lucy. However it gradually evolves into something else. Lucy knows that she cannot survive in her new state and it becomes a quest to preserve the knowledge that she has acquired while she still has the time and at the same time dodging the drug dealers that are the cause of her situation in the first place.\r\n\r\nLucy is great. Her powers and how they develop are awesome. I really like surprise effects in movies and books of the kind that you get when someone like Lucy reveals her powers to the \u201cmundane\u201d. Especially when the revealing means swatting a few bad guys. This movie is full of moments like that. It is quite a roller coaster ride of action with Lucy exhibiting her growing powers. Not too surprisingly the movie is also full of scientific bullshit and plot holes. I do not really care. I\u2019m in for the ride and it is a fun ride.\r\n\r\nScarlett Johansson is very good in her role as Lucy. Most of the other actors are ok although the Asian drug boss could have been better. He came out more like a brainless thug than anything else. Certainly not as the mastermind of a criminal organization.\r\n\r\nThe ending was a bit unsatisfactory compared to the rest of the movie though. I was a bit disappointed that the big fight at the end more or less was done without Lucy. The long cinematic sequences where Lucy wondered about in time and space felt a bit like yawn-filler-material. The actual ending, well that \u201cI am everywhere\u201d bit was really been there, seen that, done that. Also, if she was indeed everywhere, why the hurry to create that fancy memory stick?\r\n\r\nAnyway, apart from that I really enjoyed this movie."}], "recommandations_id": [137113, 91314, 119450, 198663]}