{"tmdb_id": 241451, "title": "The Hit Parade", "original_title": "The Hit Parade", "slug_title": "the-hit-parade", "date": "1937-04-26", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Agent Pete Garland is fired by society singer Monica Barrett after he got her a new radio contract, because she thinks her lawyer friend Teddy Leeds fits in better with her social status. To get even, Pete wants to make an unknown singer into a star. He finds Ruth Allison, drives her hard through rehearsals and makes her a star. But she is worried about her past, something she hasn't told Pete: She's an ex-convict and jumped bail in order to keep her partners in crime out of it. Further she's in love with Pete, but feels that he's still carrying a torch for Monica. When Monica's popularity is decreasing, Pete is able to get Ruth a stint on the program, the result is Monica is fired and Ruth get her job, but Monica takes revenge by revealing Ruth's past. Ruth considers it is best for her to disappear before being arrested, but she has become a star in public opinion. Will she get Pete or will she go to prison again?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h8jV5OY4VP4nwLbGUpu5AIxAs3i.jpg", "actors": ["Frances Langford (Ruth Allison)", "Phil Regan (Pete Garland)", "Max Terhune (Rusty Callahan)", "Edward Brophy (Mulrooney)", "Louise Henry (Monica Barrett)", "Pert Kelton (Eadie White)", "Pierre Watkin (J. B. Hawley)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Sgt. O'Hara)", "Monroe Owsley (Teddy Leeds)", "Inez Courtney (Tillie)", "William Demarest (Parole Officer)", "George Givot (Herman)", "Sammy White (Dancer)", "Paul 'Mousie' Garner (Member, The Gentle Maniacs)", "Sam Wolfe (Member, The Gentle Maniacs)", "Richard Hakins (Member, The Gentle Maniacs)", "Duke Ellington (Duke Ellington)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}