{"tmdb_id": 241554, "title": "Night Run", "original_title": "Run All Night", "slug_title": "night-run", "date": "2015-03-11", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Brooklyn, Jimmy Conlon, mafieux et tueur \u00e0 gages qu'on surnommait autrefois le Fossoyeur, n'est pas au mieux de sa forme. Ami de longue date du ca\u00efd Shawn Maguire, Jimmy, qui a aujourd'hui 55 ans, est hant\u00e9 par ses crimes \u2013 et traqu\u00e9 par un inspecteur de police qui, depuis 30 ans, n'a jamais renonc\u00e9 \u00e0 l'appr\u00e9hender. Et ces derniers temps, il semble que le whisky soit le seul r\u00e9confort de Jimmy. Mais lorsqu'il apprend que sa prochaine mission consiste \u00e0 \u00e9liminer Mike, son fils qu'il n'a pas revu depuis des ann\u00e9es, Jimmy doit choisir entre la \"famille\" mafieuse qu'il s'est construite et la vraie famille qu'il a abandonn\u00e9e il y a bien longtemps.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aqNJrAxudMRNo8jg3HOUQqdl2xr.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (Jimmy Conlon)", "Ed Harris (Shawn Maguire)", "Joel Kinnaman (Mike Conlon)", "Boyd Holbrook (Danny Maguire)", "Bruce McGill (Pat Mullen)", "G\u00e9nesis Rodr\u00edguez (Gabrielle)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Detective Harding)", "Lois Smith (Margaret Conlon)", "Common (Mr. Price)", "Beau Knapp (Kenan Boyle)", "Patricia Kalember (Shawn's Wife)", "Daniel Stewart Sherman (Brendan)", "James Martinez (Detective Jose Flores)", "Radivoje Bukvi\u0107 (Victor Grezda)", "Tony Naumovski (Samir)", "Holt McCallany (Frank)", "Malcolm Goodwin (Colston)", "John Cenatiempo (Tommy)", "Nick Nolte (Eddie Conlon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Neeson is good at it, none other would've played better than him.\r\n\r\nPretty entertaining action flick with a fast paced narration. A typical Liam Neeson's movie. Take a gun and go hunt down the bad guys or protect loved ones from them kind of movie. Under his league, like always he was awesome. This has been a already heard story, like a trivia say. Yes, it was similar to 'Road to Perdition', but happens for a different reason and with the different cast. Still the movie was better that I expected.\r\n\r\nI went speechless when I saw Neeson was begging in the opening scene. Because that's not his style, action heroes like him, Jason Statham, Bruce Willis et cetera, they don't fit in those roles. But what came just a few minutes later was like switching to second, third, fourth and fifth gear in a quick session. You know you can't judge a book by its cover, same applies for this as well. The film was good, I mean better than average, better than ratings and reviews across the web.\r\n\r\nIt was kind of unofficial 'A Man with a Gun' trilogy (I made it up) after 'Unknown' and 'Non-stop'. Because if you check it out all these three film's posters, Neeson will be seen with a gun in the similar fashion. Hope this director and actor comes together to do more movies in the future, since it is a rocking combo. Well, they all might not be the masterpieces, but enjoyable at the time of the watch. Especially it will not disappoint Neeson's fans.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A decent enough action thriller. Neeson, Harris, Kinnaman and Holbrook do a good job.\r\n\r\nThe direction is also good. The script is just predictable, although has some good points but, that's it. A movie to watch without doing any mental effort."}], "recommandations_id": [169917, 260346, 265208, 225574], "youtube_key": "7uDuFh-nC-c"}