{"tmdb_id": 24150, "title": "Halloween II", "original_title": "Halloween II", "slug_title": "halloween-ii", "date": "2009-08-28", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Michael Myers est un tueur psychopathe. Depuis ses dix ans, il croupit dans un asile psychiatrique. Devenu adulte, il n\u2019a qu\u2019une obsession : retrouver sa s\u0153ur Laurie. \u00c9chapp\u00e9 de l\u2019asile, plus sauvage et terrifiant que jamais, Michael entame une traque jalonn\u00e9e de cadavres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vSHPM4LQDpWdQrD5KZWK6wNqSOD.jpg", "actors": ["Scout Taylor-Compton (Laurie Strode)", "Sheri Moon Zombie (Deborah Myers)", "Tyler Mane (Michael Myers)", "Chase Wright Vanek (Young Michael)", "Brad Dourif (Sheriff Lee Brackett)", "Malcolm McDowell (Dr. Samuel Loomis)", "Angela Trimbur (Harley David)", "Danielle Harris (Annie Brackett)", "Caroline Williams (Dr. Maple)", "Howard Hesseman (Uncle Meat)", "Duane Whitaker (Sherman Benny)", "Betsy Rue (Jazlean Benny)", "Greg Travis (Deputy Neale)", "\"Weird Al\" Yankovic (Weird Al Yankovic)", "Chris Hardwick (David Newman)", "Sean Whalen (Becks)", "Margot Kidder (Barbara Collier)", "Octavia Spencer (Nurse Daniels)", "Brea Grant (Mya Rockwell)", "Sylvia Jefferies (Misty Dawn)", "Diane Ayala Goldner (Jane Salvador)", "Nicky Whelan (Wendy Snow)", "Catherine Dyer (Reporter)", "Dayton Callie (Coroner Hooks)", "Richard Brake (Gary Scott)", "Richard Riehle (Buddy The Night Watchman)", "Adam Boyer (Bruce Cabot)", "Mary Birdsong (Nancy McDonald)", "Mark Boone Junior (Floyd)", "Jeff Daniel Phillips (Howard / Uncle Seymour Coffins)", "Daniel Roebuck (Lou Martini)", "Silas Weir Mitchell (Chett Johns)", "Bill Fagerbakke (Deputy Webb)", "Robert Curtis Brown (Kyle Van Der Klok)", "Renae Geerlings (Deputy Gwynne)", "Mark Christopher Lawrence (Deputy Fred King)", "Matt Bush (Wolfie)", "Jesse Dayton (Captain Clegg)", "Eileen Dietz (Winnie Gilmore)", "Matthew Lintz (Mark)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Personally, I found _Halloween II_ the darkest of any Rob Zombie movie, and certainly more menacing than any other _Halloween_ film to date. It\u2019s full of tortured, nasty, hateful, abhorrent, violent and crude characters, and that\u2019s just the good guys! Mikey is back, in a big way. His look is a little different, but in a realistic \u201cI\u2019m-a-serial-murdering-insane-homeless-giant\u201d kind of a way. And although the bleak, demoralising nature of the film made it painful to watch at times, I would say it was worth it overall. Featuring some strong acting, a surreal but accomplished script, an absolutely amazing soundtrack, and a totally absorbing storyline. I may be alone in thinking this, but to me, _Halloween II_ is a worthy entry into one of the most successful horror franchises of all time."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "What happened? When I watched the 2007 remake I was quite happy that it was a decent enough work and gave it 7 stars out of 10. This one though? Well the reboot is effectively killed as far as I am concerned. If there are to be made another movie in this franchise there has to be another reboot. This one is just ruined.\n\nThe first 20 minutes or so was not too bad. Then it just went to hell. Rob Zombie must have been high on drugs when he wrote this crud. A god chunk of it is just some drug-induced psychedelic mess.\n\nDebora Meyers is just a foul-mouthed brat who is so dislikable that you almost hope that Michael will get her. Dr. Loomis have been turned into a despicable asshole. Michael himself is mostly just a big dirty man who slashes people up. \n\nOccasionally he shows some of the supernatural qualities he is supposed to have but most often not. And he grunts a lot, what the f\u2026? The dialogue is non-existent if you remove the foul language. I am normally quite resistant towards foul language but not when the movie is filled with it just to cover up the lack of talent in the writer.\n\nI think that I have not been so disappointed in a movie in a long time. This movie is utter trash and a disgrace to a franchise that is really one of my favorite horror ones.\n\nI am going to think more than twice before I ever watch a movie by Rob Zombie again."}], "recommandations_id": [2082, 10987, 11442, 11361], "youtube_key": "KXkcgqmKZ2Y"}