{"tmdb_id": 241754, "title": "Les Aventuriers Du D\u00e9sert", "original_title": "The Walking Hills", "slug_title": "les-aventuriers-du-desert", "date": "1949-03-05", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Lors d'une partie de poker, Jim et ses amis \u00e9voquent l'existence d'un convoi d'or \u00e9gar\u00e9 en pleine Vall\u00e9e de la Mort. Les aventuriers d\u00e9cident de retrouver la cargaison mais les conditions climatiques du d\u00e9sert vont faire de leur voyage un v\u00e9ritable enfer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bcjk6zWcJgBMyJkgpO7BROBNj3U.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Jim Carey)", "Ella Raines (Chris Jackson)", "Arthur Kennedy (Chalk)", "Edgar Buchanan (Old Willy)", "John Ireland (Frazee)", "William Bishop (Dave \"Shep\" Wilson)", "Jerome Courtland (Johnny)", "Russell Collins (Bibbs)", "Josh White (Josh)", "Houseley Stevenson (Mr. King)", "Reed Howes (Young King)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Like shovelling sand into the wind.\r\n\r\nThe Walking Hills is directed by John Sturges and written by Alan LeMay. It stars Randolph Scott, Ella Raines, Arthur Kennedy, Edgar Buchanan, John Ireland, William Bishop, Josh White and Jerome Courtland. Music is by Arthur Morton and cinematography by Charles Lawton Jr.\r\n\r\nUpon hearing a chance statement about lost gold, a disparate group of people head out in search of it to the desert plains of The Walking Hills...\r\n\r\nWhipping up a sandstorm.\r\n\r\nA sort of contemporary Western film noir fusion, The Walking Hills is a darn fine drama that is acted accordingly. Though blessed with action, tension and passion, it's as a character study where the picture excels. True enough to say it's not overly complex stuff, the greed is bad motif a standard narrative strand, as is the tricky love triangle that resides within the sandy tale, but with the wily Sturges and the shrewd LeMay pulling the strings this plays out always as compelling. With the great Lawton Jr. adding his considerable skills as a photographer - ensuring the Alabama Hills and Death Valley locations are key characters themselves - the production shines.\r\n\r\nOften mentioned in reference to The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, it of course is not as good as that superb picture. That it earns its right to be considered a baby brother to it, though, is testament to its worth in itself. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [116529, 94192, 74012, 171297], "youtube_key": "notfound"}