{"tmdb_id": 241848, "title": "The Guest", "original_title": "The Guest", "slug_title": "the-guest", "date": "2014-09-17", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Action"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un soldat s'investit aupr\u00e8s de la famille d'un ancien camarade tomb\u00e9 au combat. Mais il devient un danger pour ces gens d\u00e8s lors qu'ils d\u00e9couvrent les dangereux secrets de son pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xxSuU7Q9ZmPjw9TNQ1WzmHVAxBI.jpg", "actors": ["Dan Stevens (David)", "Maika Monroe (Anna Peterson)", "Brendan Meyer (Luke Peterson)", "Sheila Kelley (Laura Peterson)", "Leland Orser (Spencer Peterson)", "Joel David Moore (Craig)", "Ethan Embry (Higgins)", "Tabatha Shaun (Kristen)", "Lance Reddick (Carver)", "AJ Bowen (Austin)", "Candice Patton (Sgt. Halway)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "In terms of tone and pacing, _The Guest_ is a little bit all over the place.\r\n\r\nBut in terms of plot, script, narrative, acting, setting, score, soundtrack, characters, intrigue, effects, humour, rewatchability, entertainment value and originality? Yeah. Pretty much nails it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - An all round good movie with a little something extra._"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'The Guest' is a surprisingly fun throwback to 1980s horror. It boasts a thumping soundtrack and quick cuts that really fit into the theme of the film. The exaggerated scenes of violence and gore may be a bit too strange for those who do not appreciate the sentimentality and nostalgia of the movie.\r\n\r\nThe narrative is very straightforward and follows Dan Stevens, an ex-soldier, as he returns to his friend's family's house as a dying wish. He protects and helps them through their individual problems but all is not what it seems. The film does lose it's way slightly towards the end as it tries to drastically remind audiences that the film is meant to be over-the-top when it was already doing a subtly good job.\r\n\r\nDan Stevens is very good in the main role. From the trailer, it looked like it would be a rip-off of Nicolas Winding Refn's 'Drive' but Stevens adds a very unique coldness to his powerful persona.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}], "recommandations_id": [188166, 313922, 83899, 244509], "youtube_key": "y0E2Qh6wLS4"}