{"tmdb_id": 241843, "title": "Cooties", "original_title": "Cooties", "slug_title": "cooties", "date": "2014-10-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Infect\u00e9s par un myst\u00e9rieux virus, des \u00e9coliers deviennent des cr\u00e9atures sauvages et meurtri\u00e8res qui menacent les enseignants...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vqEJQ4xft6SmVlBRHSJwHeZte58.jpg", "actors": ["Elijah Wood (Clint)", "Alison Pill (Lucy)", "Rainn Wilson (Wade)", "Jack McBrayer (Tracy)", "Nasim Pedrad (Rebekkah)", "Leigh Whannell (Doug)", "Jorge Garcia (Rick)", "Ian Brennan (Vice Principal Simms)", "Cooper Roth (Patriot)", "Miles Elliot (Dink)", "Morgan Lily (Tamra)", "Armani Jackson (Calvin)", "Peter Kwong (Mr. Hatachi)", "Kate Flannery (Charman)", "Matt Jones (Sheriff Dave)", "Rebecca Marshall (Emily Dopkins)", "Sunny May Allison (Shelly)", "Jake Brennan (Lincoln)", "Mark Christopher Lawrence (Mr. Pederson)", "Aiden Lovekamp (Racer)", "Lauren Stovall (Moon)", "Jared Breeze (Safety Helmet Boy)", "Nikita Ager (Patriot's Mom)", "Angela Bullock (Rhonda)", "Elizabeth Bogush (Crying Mother)", "Boni Yanagisawa (Miss Nash)", "Tammie Baird (Mrs. Birk)", "Kelli Barksdale (Cootie Kid)", "Mika Cigic (Zombie Child)", "Isabella Revel (Angela)", "Lauren Katz (Mrs. Gordon)", "Brian Henderson (Mr. Henderson)", "Ashley Rae Miller (Tricycle Girl)", "Chloe Rose (Cootie Kid)", "Elise Read (Cootie Kid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> For its production standards not a bad product.\r\n\r\nSome of the decent second tier horror and zombie movies were made in the 2015 and this is one of that. When the actors are in demand, we expect big from their movies, but this story suits for these actors. Because an average story looks better with guys are not in the watch-out list. So I was not surprised with the movie, but enjoyed the entertainment it offered.\r\n\r\nRainn Wilson's the man of the movie, but as for the narration Elijah Woods stands on the front. In this, the children were the antagonist, but it is an R rated movie and nothing was so serious to consider. You know bashing kids kind of stuffs were carefully crafted. Comedy means not like you're going to get the loud ones, but simply acceptable for a change in the storytelling.\r\n\r\nIf you exclude the zombie kids, the rest of the movie was nothing new. The same old adventure with the similar group of people who tries to survive the epidemic. Especially how it all begins was not logical, so you better not look for a proper explanation for those things. Even the runtime was well shorter than the 90 minutes that makes it sweet, Overall a fun movie, only if you accept what it delivers than what you want.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [293970, 218784, 273477, 290999], "youtube_key": "G_he1HiLy0A"}