{"tmdb_id": 241842, "title": "Dead Snow 2", "original_title": "D\u00f8d Sn\u00f8 2", "slug_title": "dead-snow-2", "date": "2014-02-12", "genre": ["Horreur / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Seul Survivant, Martin a vu tous ses amis d\u00e9vor\u00e9s par une horde de zombies nazis ! \u00c0 son r\u00e9veil \u00e0 l\u2019h\u00f4pital, il d\u00e9couvre avec horreur que les m\u00e9decins lui ont greff\u00e9 un bras de zombie aux pouvoirs surnaturels. Dot\u00e9 d'une force surhumaine, Martin va organiser la d\u00e9fense du pays pour en finir une bonne fois pour toutes avec ces monstres sanguinaires...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dLd6A24aHTTBZo8R7OAFzthr6h2.jpg", "actors": ["Vegar Hoel (Martin)", "\u00d8rjan Gamst (Herzog)", "Martin Starr (Daniel)", "Jocelyn DeBoer (Monica)", "Ingrid Haas (Blake)", "Stig Frode Henriksen (Glenn Kenneth)", "Hallvard Holmen (Gunga)", "Kristoffer Joner (Sidekick Zombie)", "Amrita Acharia (Mary)", "Derek Mears (Stavarin)", "Christian Rubeck (Lars Wold)", "Bjarte Tj\u00f8stheim (Priest)", "Charlotte Frogner (Hanna)", "Jesper Sundnes (Nazi Doctor)", "Tage Guddingsmo (Zombie Navigat\u00f8r)", "David Skaufjord (Zombie Tanksj\u00e5f\u00f8r)", "Daniel Berge Halvorsen (Major Stubbe)", "Gu\u00f0mundur \u00d3lafsson (Eldre Dame Talvik)", "Ingar Helge Gimle (Doktor Brochman)", "Carl-Magnus Adner (Bobby)", "Ivar Lykke (Tarm Zombie)", "Lars Sundsb\u00f8 (Truck Driver)", "Hanna Mar\u00eda Karlsd\u00f3ttir (Eldre Dame Talvik)", "Mar\u00eda Gu\u00f0mundsd\u00f3ttir (Dame I Rullestol)", "Vera Hilmarsd\u00f3ttir (Budbringer Fra WW2)", "Kristian Figenschow (Eldre Mann)", "Laufey El\u00edasd\u00f3ttir (Sykepleier)", "Seth Sharp (Mann Utenfor Museum)", "J\u00f3hanna Axelsd\u00f3ttir (Eldre Dame)", "Epsen Edvardsen (Far)", "\u00c1lfr\u00fan Laufeyjar-Sigur\u00f0ard\u00f3ttir (Ung Jente)", "Thorir S\u00e6mundsson (Politmann 2)", "J\u00f3n Sk\u00fali Gu\u00f0mundsson (Barn Utenfor Talvik)", "Aron Valgeirsson (Barn Utenfor Talvik)", "Sindri Freyr Seim Sigur\u00f0sson (Barn Utenfor Talvik)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The original Dead Snow movie was actually not that bad. It was quite okay within its somewhat confined genre. Dead Snow 2 however is a major disappointment. It abandoned all pretence of actually being a real horror movie and wandered into the land of pure comedy\u2026and failed miserably. This movie is like Bad Taste but on a higher budget (and regardless of what the fans want to pretend Bad Taste is a piece of shit movie).\n\nThe movie does have a plot that makes sense, again for this kind of movie, that has to be said but that lone does not make a good movie. There are literally NO really scary moments at all in this movie.\n\nThe movie has plenty of goory stuff. Actually the gore is pretty much thrown at the viewer from the first scene to the last. Unfortunately much of it is so ludicrous that it is embarrassing. To add to the embarrassment a bunch of absolutely nonsensical characters are thrown into the mix. The so called Zombie Squad is just pathetic. The Norwegian police office makes me squirm in my seat. The puking pet zombie makes me want to throw up my supper.\nThis movie is nothing but brain-dead people (and I am not talking only about the zombies here) and tasteless effects stacked onto each other. The only reason it does not get a single star is that there was one or two laughs in there and because some of the ludicrously overdone gory effects was not too bad from a technical point of view.\n\nAs I wrote it was a major disappointment. This movie can only appeal to the die hard fans of the genre or, with its frequent puking scenes, bad jokes and senseless gore to people who \u2026 well I will not go there actually."}], "recommandations_id": [14451, 290999, 11908, 254474], "youtube_key": "S0aj0xQqNEU"}