{"tmdb_id": 24196, "title": "The Hillside Strangler", "original_title": "The Hillside Strangler", "slug_title": "the-hillside-strangler", "date": "2004-11-12", "genre": "Horreur / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cUXQEe69H1fYXy7TrlM6tDJ09Tc.jpg", "actors": ["Allison Lange (Claire Shelton)", "Nicholas Turturro (Angelo Buono)", "C. Thomas Howell (Kenneth Bianchi)", "Zarah Little (Carrie Ploskonko)", "Jennifer Tisdale (Erin)", "Kent King (Gabrielle)", "Aimee Brooks (Felicia Waller)", "Natasha Melnick (Karyn)", "Brandin Rackley (Janice Cooley)", "Lin Shaye (Jenny Buono)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hardly Kissing Cousins.\r\n\r\nKenneth Bianchi and Angelo Buono were two cousins who were convicted of the rape, torture and murder of 10 females of various ages in LA 1977/78. This film is an interpretation of their reign of terror.\r\n\r\nUnpleasant. If you are going to do a serial killer movie, one based on real life perpetrators, then you surely have to make the characterisations of fascination value away from their despicable crimes. Unfortunately director Chuck Parello and co-writer Stephen Johnston fail to do this, leaving the film with a paucity of worthwhile human story moments. It\u2019s not helped by the fact Nicholas Torturro as Buono is badly miscast, he\u2019s just impossible to take serious in a role that calls for the ultimate seriousness. \r\n\r\nOn the plus side, C. Thomas Howell as Bianchi hits the right notes. Howell is something of an undervalued actor in dark roles, as far back as 1990 where he played a vengeful killer in a film called Kid, he\u2019s been doing good moody work in thrillers. Elsewhere John Pirozzi\u2019s cinematography is on the money, keeping the murky tones of the film in harness, while Gregg Gibbs\u2019 production design has all the late 1970s requisites. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}