{"tmdb_id": 242076, "title": "L'Instinct de tuer", "original_title": "The Bag Man", "slug_title": "l-instinct-de-tuer", "date": "2014-02-28", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Tueur professionnel abonn\u00e9 \u00e0 la malchance, Jack est engag\u00e9 par un l\u00e9gendaire patron du crime pour livrer un sac dont il ne doit conna\u00eetre le contenu sous aucun pr\u00e9texte. La livraison est pr\u00e9vue dans un motel perdu au milieu de nulle part o\u00f9 gravite une foule de personnages louches. Mais l\u2019arriv\u00e9e d\u2019une myst\u00e9rieuse prostitu\u00e9e, dont la vie semble d\u00e9pendre de celle de Jack, va compromettre s\u00e9rieusement la livraison.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ze5TVUjP6NoiTjJjPlC7A14T35Y.jpg", "actors": ["John Cusack (Jack)", "Rebecca Da Costa (Rivka)", "Robert De Niro (Dragna)", "Crispin Glover (Ned)", "Dominic Purcell (Larson)", "Sticky Fingaz (Lizard)", "Martin Klebba (Guano)", "Theodus Crane (Goose)", "Celesta Hodge (Janet)", "Mike Mayhall (Deputy Jones)", "Nate Steinwachs (Office Worker)", "David Shumbris (Deputy Pike)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A mystery bag in the hands of an obedient man!**\r\n\r\nAs the title suggests, it's all about the bag, a mystery bag. An interesting angle of storytelling. It was a good mystery, though they did not get it right. The plot line had all the ingredients, but while developing it, they had lost the way. I was not impressed with the writing and also the direction. It is engaging with a fine pace, but visually all the crucial film scenes looked so flat or comparable with other classic films. More or less, everything is predictable, except the end twist.\r\n\r\nThis is a one day tale. Most of the film takes place in one night with full of mixup and going after the truth. A gangster boss hires a hit-man for an important job that he must safeguard a bag till he arrive to get it in an isolated motel. During waiting for his boss, the bag man goes through unexpected events which eventually taking many turns, that comes to an end with a twist. With the limited cast, everyone got a fair share of screen.\r\n\r\nThe actors like Cusack and De Niro are the advantage, but this is not an ideal film for such actors. Lately they and many other aged actors are into such films. So it is expected, but not expected to fail all their attempts. This film was okay, if you are not looking for a masterpiece thriller. Can be watched once, but instantly forgettable film. So film like this cannot be recommended, but if you decide to watch, don't expect anything other than just an entertainment or timepass. That is what it is good at.\r\n\r\n_4.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [240916, 77234, 243935, 100544]}