{"tmdb_id": 242090, "title": "The One I Love", "original_title": "The One I Love", "slug_title": "the-one-i-love", "date": "2014-08-08", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'il s'offre un week-end pour se retrouver, un couple en crise doit faire face \u00e0 un dilemme auquel il ne s'attendait pas.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6eUaKwFLb0FXt6cqHZKhbeKDXEZ.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Duplass (Ethan)", "Elisabeth Moss (Sophie)", "Ted Danson (The Therapist)", "Kiana Cason (Waitress)", "Kaitlyn Dodson (Diner Patron)", "Lori Farrar (Diner Patron)", "Marlee Matlin (Diner Patron)", "Tim Peddicord (Diner Patron)", "Ryan Pederson (Diner Patron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A unique way to let go of your marriage problems!\r\n\r\nThis is a slow start, but the second half makes it worth a watch. You better know nothing about the film, just have it and enjoy your time. Because that was the case for me and then I found it a good one. I don't know this director, but Mark Duplass was doing such kind of unique concept small films. So there's no surprise, except I did know I would end up liking it very much.\r\n\r\nWhen it comes to the film theme, kind of resembles 'Coherence'. The whole film revolves around a married couple, except in the beginning. So it is a minimal cast film that is set in a remote place villa. As their therapist's instruction a couple who are on the edge of losing their marriage, tries a weekend getaway to patch the differences. But end up encountering the strange events that pleases them more than what they've expected. When they begin to realise the reality, comes the trouble to fix it once for all.\r\n\r\nThe third act was amazing. The pace keeps getting better and the tension in the story simply creates enough curiosity about the ending. But the conclusion was very basic and guessable. I liked the honest than too much fancy. Still the viewers look for the answers regarding how it ended which is kind of a wide open for the discussions.\r\n\r\nI love modern sci-fi dramas, especially in the last one decade, I have been enjoying them a lot, which are highly intelligent yet casually narrated on the screen that anybody can understand easily. If you had liked films such as 'Coherence', 'Another Earth', 'Her', 'Melanchony' et cetera, then surely would have a good time with it.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [244772, 248774, 157360, 84355]}