{"tmdb_id": 24229, "title": "A bout portant", "original_title": "The Killers", "slug_title": "a-bout-portant", "date": "1964-07-07", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Charlie et Lee, deux tueurs \u00e0 gages, recherchent et tuent Johnny North, cach\u00e9 dans un institut pour non-voyants. Surpris par l'attitude de leur victime qui n'a pas tent\u00e9 de fuir ni de leur r\u00e9sister, ainsi que par l'importance de leur prime, les deux tueurs cherchent \u00e0 en savoir davantage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v5aeAkCa4u09auqiRNqNcN6OHmI.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Marvin (Charlie Strom)", "Angie Dickinson (Sheila Farr)", "John Cassavetes (Johnny North)", "Clu Gulager (Lee)", "Claude Akins (Earl Sylvester)", "Norman Fell (Mickey Farmer)", "Ronald Reagan (Jack Browning)", "Virginia Christine (Miss Watson)", "Don Haggerty (Mail Truck Driver)", "Robert Phillips (George)", "Kathleen O'Malley (Receptionist)", "Ted Jacques (Gym Assistant)", "Burt Mustin (Elderly Man)", "Seymour Cassel (Postal Clerk)", "Scott Hale (Hotel Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The only man who isn't afraid of dying is dead already.\r\n\r\nThe Killers is directed by Don Siegel and adapted to screenplay by Gene L. Coon from the short story written by Ernest Hemmingway. It stars Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Clu Gulager, John Cassavetes, Ronald Reagan and Claude Akins. Music is by John Williams and cinematography by Richard L. Rawlings.\r\n\r\nHit men Charlie (Marvin) and Lee (Gulager) enter a school for the blind and gun down motor mechanic teacher Johnny North (Cassavetes). He doesn't resist. Why? This question bothers Charlie and he sets about finding out...\r\n\r\nIt's difficult when reading the name The Killers to not think of the 1946 film made by Robert Siodmak, a film that is revered as one of the quintessential movies of film noir. But Don Siegel's film, a re-jigging of the plot, is well worthy of consideration as quintessential neo-noir.\r\n\r\nOriginally slated to be the first made for TV movie as part of a new era for movies on television, the film was pulled by NBC for being too violent. With the film also featuring a murder by sniper scene, the recent assassination of John F. Kennedy by sniper ensured The Killers was temporarily on unsafe ground. With Ronald Reagan making his last appearance on film before moving into politics, unusually playing a villain no less, the 64 version of The Killers has a bit of history.\r\n\r\nIt's a film about double-crossing, murder and fateful yearnings, featuring amoral characters in a wonderfully constructed story that is told in flashbacks! Photographed in bright, almost garish, colours, it's very much the polar opposite to Siodmak's version, well visually at least, but it is very effective and striking, almost enhancing the lurid nature of Coon's screenplay. It's an aggressive film where the violence packs a punch, and the ending has a considerable black heart.\r\n\r\nThe cast are mostly effective. Marvin and Gulager's hit-man pairing are deliberately off kilter in terms of personality, and it's these two that propel the movie forward (well backwards really). Cassavetes makes interesting work as live wire dupe Johnny, Akins does good as a pal watching on helplessly as Johnny loses his life footings and Dickinson sizzles as she fatalises the femme. Weak link is Reagan, who looks ill at ease playing a tough villain type. It's no surprise to learn later on down the line that he wasn't very fond of the role.\r\n\r\nGood quality neo-noir crafted by a man who knew how to do the real deal back in the day. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19119, 14638, 27292, 21454], "youtube_key": "q92KrKaoBuY"}