{"tmdb_id": 242224, "title": "Mister Babadook", "original_title": "The Babadook", "slug_title": "mister-babadook", "date": "2014-05-22", "genre": "Drame / Horreur", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Depuis la mort brutale de son mari, Amelia lutte pour ramener \u00e0 la raison son fils de 6 ans, Samuel, devenu compl\u00e8tement incontr\u00f4lable et qu'elle n'arrive pas \u00e0 aimer. Quand un livre de contes intitul\u00e9 'Mister Babadook' se retrouve myst\u00e9rieusement dans leur maison, Samuel est convaincu que le 'Babadook' est la cr\u00e9ature qui hante ses cauchemars. Ses visions prennent alors une tournure d\u00e9mesur\u00e9e, il devient de plus en plus impr\u00e9visible et violent. Amelia commence peu \u00e0 peu \u00e0 sentir une pr\u00e9sence malveillante autour d\u2019elle et r\u00e9alise que les avertissements de Samuel ne sont peut-\u00eatre pas que des hallucinations...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dOSF1CU1uq0wsFKNLN2vLSEtYGU.jpg", "actors": ["Essie Davis (Amelia Vanek)", "Noah Wiseman (Samuel Vanek)", "Hayley McElhinney (Claire)", "Daniel Henshall (Robbie)", "Barbara West (Gracie Roach)", "Benjamin Winspear (Oskar Vanek)", "Cathy Adamek (Prue)", "Craig Behenna (Warren)", "Adam Morgan (Sergeant)", "Peta Shannon (Mother No. 2)", "Hachi (Bugsy)", "Tim Purcell (The Babadook)", "Chloe Hurn (Ruby)", "Pippa Wanganeen (Eastern Suburbs Mum 1)", "Michelle Nightingale (Eastern Suburbs Mum 3)", "Tony Mack (Principal)", "Carmel Johnson (Teacher)", "Michael Gilmour (Young Policeman 1)", "Craig McArdle (Young Policeman 2)", "Jacquy Phillips (Beverly)", "Terence Crawford (Doctor)", "Tiffany Lyndall-Knight (Supermarket Mum)", "Lucy Hong (Supermarket Little Girl)", "Sophie Riggs (Checkout Chick)", "John Maurice (Car Guy)", "Stephen Sheehan (Magician)", "Alicia Zorkovic (Fast Food Mum)", "Bridget Walters (Norma)", "Lotte Crawford (Kissing Woman)", "Chris Roberts (Kissing Man)", "Annie Batten (Old Woman in Corridor)", "India Zorkovic (Fast Food Kid 1)", "Isla Zorkovic (Fast Food Kid 2)", "Charlie Crabtree (Fast Food Kid 3)", "Ethan Grabis (Fast Food Kid 4)", "Sophie Allan (Fast Food Kid 5)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ba Ba-Ba Dook! Dook! Dook!\r\n\r\nThe Babadook is written and directed by Jennifer Kent. It stars Essie Davis, Noah Wiseman, Daniel Henshall and Hayley McElhinney. Music is by Jed Kurzel and cinematography by Radek Ladczuk.\r\n\r\nAmelia is a single mother still haunted by the violent death of her husband, she is trying to deal with her young son Samuel's fear of a monster in the house. Initially tolerating it as a flight of fancy, the arrival of a book in the youngster's bedroom called Mr. Babadook, signals the start of a sinister presence that she herself can begin to fear as well.\r\n\r\nAustralia has been producing some great horror films in the last couple of decades, The Babadook is one of the best of the bunch. Jennifer Kent made it as a 10 minute short back in 2005 called Monster, itself a super piece of horror film making, now in full feature length form (Kent\u2019s first), the vision and intelligence explodes off the screen in every frame.\r\n\r\nThe premise at the core is not exactly fresh, but Kent manages to make The Babadook its own entity, skilfully steering away from formula jolts and terrors. Which in this day and age of horror retreads, sequel frenzies and blood for blood\u2019s sake, is most refreshing. This is a big character piece, a two hander of incredible emotional power, a mother and son dealing with their own demons before the eponymous Babadook enters the fray. We care about this pair of troubled souls, so much so that as we start to feel the dread, get the tingles down the spine, our hearts are also aching for them. The two performances of the actors quite simply magnificent.\r\n\r\nMr. Babadook is a pop-up picture book that suddenly arrives into their lives. The creature  is a sort of cross between a German expressionistic nightmare and Jack the Ripper. The book itself is creepy enough in its own right, more so as it starts to take on a more terrifying tone \u2013 and Amelia proves unsuccessful at getting rid of the thing \u2013 the picture starts playing its ace psychological cards. The monster is kept mostly to the edges of the frames, or just popping up for a quick glance in unexpected places, this is a great move and suits the narrative perfectly.\r\n\r\nThe tech credits are top notch. A key aspect to getting the most out of The Babadook is to make sure the sound is loud, for the sound mix is tremendous and can bring pounds of gooseflesh rising up on your arms. Ladczuk\u2019s photography is at one with the themes pulsing away in the story, the colours paled and cheerless, enhancing the fractured psyches of mother and son, but Mr. Babadook is a jet black presence in this landscape. All told the art design from the book to the house and the creature is excellent.\r\n\r\nUmbrella\u2019s Australian All Region Blu-ray Release has a super transfer and does justice to the sound mix. There\u2019s over an hour of interviews, which are a mixed bag of informative chat and back slapping, a 12 minute behind the scenes making of and some trailers. The bonus is the 10 minute short, Monster, The Babadook in its infancy but no less scary for it.\r\n\r\nThe Babadook is a superlative horror film for adults, like when Polanski met Kubrick and they decided to pay homage to Fritz Lang and George Melies. Yes it\u2019s that good. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157547, 82507, 270303, 310131]}