{"tmdb_id": 242361, "title": "RA", "original_title": "RA", "slug_title": "ra", "date": "2014-12-05", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller / Fantastique"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Ra which means to Take away in Ancient Tolkappiyam , an apt title for the film which revolves around the lead character Ajay and his quest to find answers to the unsolved mystery in his life. Confused and baffled by the events happening around him, he is unsure if he is awake or still dreaming. With a deep intense meaning to all the occurrences around him, will he be able to break the shackles and come out victorious or succumb to the Devious foul play that is his mind itself is the Plot of the Movie .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z9UED6qbhMBYYtvbtHFpD9vxUXt.jpg", "actors": ["Ashraf (Ajay)", "Aditi Chengappa (Renya)", "JP Jay (Inspector Deena Dayalan)", "Lawrence Ramu (Prabu)", "Geetha Babu ()", "Rethika Srinivas (Ajay's Sister)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "k3sh", "content": "Ra. A movie made by a group of aspiring youngsters. The script writers were pilots and they have not worked under any filmmaker. A novices but pulled off a splendid show.\r\nRa is penned by Ashraf and Prabu Yuvaraj, who has also directed the same.\r\nThe movie features Ashraf and Aditi Chengappa in lead roles.\r\nProduced by Ameen and Akbar and featuring music by Raj Aryan, it has cinematography by Saravanan Ramasamy.\r\nIt is the story of a young man who loses his wife. He encounters some thrilling moments in his house.\r\nWith the help of his friend, who happens to be a journalist, he tries ways and means to overcome all odds. Eventually what happens forms the crux.\r\nAshraf and Aditi Chengappa have done well. Music adds strength while the eerie moments are well-captured.\r\nIn short, Ra is a movie to reckon with. \r\n\r\nSource:\r\n_http://tamilcinema.com/ra-movie-review/_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "zzXQZYIlJOs"}