{"tmdb_id": 242514, "title": "CY-Warrior", "original_title": "Cyborg - Il guerriero d'acciaio", "slug_title": "cy-warrior", "date": "1989-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "An accident causes the activation of the top-secret Cyber Warrior or 'Cyw' before his programming has been completed. Concerned that the Cyw may fall into the hands of enemies, prove unable to control or simply receive unwanted attention from the public or foreign powers, the military dispatches a crack squad led by Colonel Hammer to bring back the Cyw one way or another. (from Giallo Fever blog)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pNLQKmWBjpPfYUfTNvJGwsNLMFH.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Silva (Hammer)", "Frank Zagarino (Trecibi)", "Sherrie Rose (Susan)", "Ted Rusoff (Mr. Cooper (voice: English version) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SkippyTexas77", "content": "In all fairness, the title of this review should've been 'E.T. with a Cyborg,' but since this film is a cheap-o Italian production that even uses some of the same dub-voice actors from the 'E.T.' ripoff 'Pod People,' I figured that comparison would be more appropriate.\r\n\r\nRegardless, that isn't to say the film is awful. It isn't. Based on the cover art and posters I saw online, I figured I was in for another bizarre Italian action flick with Frank Zagarino playing an unstoppable cyborg in the lead. However, the biggest surprise for me was that this is, in fact, NOT AN ACTION MOVIE. It's more of a light-hearted kid's film with very little action (though the violence would probably be a bit much for kids).\r\n\r\nBasically, we have a young boy finding an escaped cyborg as he flees his government creators, and the boy decides to take him in. (The boy's dubbed voice is - I believe - the same actor/actress who voiced Tommy in 'Pod People' coincidentally.) Along with the boy's older sister, they teach the cyborg what it is to be human and help him start a new life away from corrupt government agents. Henry Silva plays the main bad guy. I loved him in 'Above the Law' so it was fun to see him in something else.\r\n\r\nThere is a bit of a shoot-em-up ending, but it's nothing special. Other than that, the film was largely forgettable. EXCEPT FOR-- The ending. I'm not going to spoil anything, but I WAS NOT expecting the ending we were given. It truly was... Well... Touching and endearing. No joke. I found myself strangely moved (and surprised) that \"this type\" of film could find such a sincere note to end on.\r\n\r\nWhile 'Cy-Warrior' is by no means a classic, it's worth checking out if you're into the genre."}], "recommandations_id": [46251], "youtube_key": "notfound"}