{"tmdb_id": 242512, "title": "Ouija", "original_title": "Ouija", "slug_title": "ouija", "date": "2014-10-24", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Alors que Debbie meurt myst\u00e9rieusement dans sa maison, cinq amis utilisent la planchette ouija pour la contacter. Seulement, ce n'est pas le bon esprit qu'ils contactent et ils seront tous confront\u00e9s \u00e0 des \u00e9v\u00e9nements terrifiants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5EQDnGiA9hOvgxtvGbQktIAQRyN.jpg", "actors": ["Olivia Cooke (Laine Morris)", "Ana Coto (Sarah Morris)", "Daren Kagasoff (Trevor)", "Bianca A. Santos (Isabelle)", "Douglas Smith (Pete)", "Shelley Hennig (Debbie Galardi)", "Sierra Huermann (Doris Zander)", "Lin Shaye (Paulina Zander)", "Claudia Katz Minnick (Alice Zander)", "Vivis Colombetti (Nona)", "Robyn Lively (Mrs. Galardi)", "Matthew Settle (Anthony Morris)", "Sunny May Allison (Young Doris)", "Afra Sophia Tully (Young Laine)", "Claire Beale (Young Debbie)", "Izzie  Galanti (Young Sarah)", "Bill Watterson (Hank)", "Morgan Peter Brown (Grief Counselor)", "Ken Blackwell (Internet Expert)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Boo! Jump!\r\n\r\nHorror is one of those genres that creates such voting and reviewing hostility on internet sites. You can guarantee that no matter what new horror film comes out it will garner posts on the likes of IMDb as being \"the worst horror film I have ever seen\". That is until the next big release, where we will go around the houses again... \r\n\r\nOuija is just a standard boo-jump horror picture with a standard story line. Any expectation of any thing more would have (will do) led (lead) to great disappointment. It's one of those horror films that asks you to turn off the lights and just enjoy the quick spooky ride, then you get off the ride and quickly move on to something else. It's neither \"the worst horror film of all time\" or anything remotely original. It's Boo-Jump horror 101, so buy into that or leave it well alone. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [250546, 335796, 280092, 243688]}