{"tmdb_id": 242894, "title": "Chasseur de primes", "original_title": "The Bounty Killer", "slug_title": "chasseur-de-primes", "date": "1965-07-30", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dernier arriv\u00e9 \u00e0 Silver Springs, Willie Duggans est \u00e0 peine accueilli par les habitants... En effet, ceux-ci ne sont pas int\u00e9ress\u00e9s par cet homme se revendiquant contre les armes et pacifique. Alors qu'il est charg\u00e9 de transporter une cargaison, il se retrouve braqu\u00e9 par des bandits et utilise une arme pour se d\u00e9fendre. Il tue ses assaillants et gagne le respect de ses concitoyens. Willie prend la d\u00e9cision de se reconvertir en chasseur de primes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/paiVRnpqfPxri8u4DwaEXWkw2sM.jpg", "actors": ["Dan Duryea (Willie Duggan)", "Rod Cameron (Johnny Liam)", "Audrey Dalton (Carole Ridgeway)", "Richard Arlen (Matthew Ridgeway)", "Buster Crabbe (Mike Clayman)", "Johnny Mack Brown (Sheriff Green)", "Peter Duryea (Youth - Bounty Hunter)", "Eddie Quillan (Pianist)", "Grady Sutton (Minister)", "Emory Parnell (Sam - Bartender)", "Norman Willis (Hank Willis)", "Boyd 'Red' Morgan (Big Jim Seddon (as Red Morgan))", "Bob Steele (Red - Henchman)", "Dan White (Marshal Davis (as Daniel M. White))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Pharisees\r\n\r\nThe Bounty Killer is directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and written by Ruth Alexander and Leo Gordon. It stars Dan Duryea, Rod Cameron, Audrey Dalton, Richard Arlen, Buster Crabbe, Fuzzy Knight and Johnny Mack Brown. Music is by Ronald Stein and cinematography by Frederick E. West.\r\n\r\nWillie Duggans (Duryea) arrives in the Wild West and quickly becomes exposed to its violence. Finding that big money can be made by bringing in bad guys, he takes up arms and plans to make enough money to set him up for a future with Carole Ridgeway (Dalton), a beautiful saloon singer. But the job isn't easy, physically, emotionally and mentally.\r\n\r\nIt's a film that asks some forgiveness from Western fans, you are asked to accept Duryea being too old for the role, some iffy production issues, coincidences and some giant leaps of faith. Yet if you can do that and just roll with its high energy willingness to keep the Western traditional in the mid 60s? Then this is better than a time waster.\r\n\r\nUltimately it's a message movie about the cycle of violence and how said violence can corrupt the most amiable of minds. The screenplay deftly brings in to the equation the roles of normal outsiders who don't mind violence as long as it is for their own ends, something which brings the best sequence in the film to the fore and lets Duryea once again show his class. Backing the superb Duryea is a roll call of Western movie veterans, all of which - with the leading man - make for a reassuring presence at our Oater dinner table. Neatly photographed out of the Corriganville and Glenmoor ranches in California, this may be a \"B Western\" trying to keep the traditional Western afloat in the mid 60s, but it's honourable in intent and entertains the Western faithful royally. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [78550, 153999, 71654]}