{"tmdb_id": 2428, "title": "La Plus Grande Histoire jamais cont\u00e9e", "original_title": "The Greatest Story Ever Told", "slug_title": "la-plus-grande-histoire-jamais-contee", "date": "1965-02-15", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Une adaptation cin\u00e9matographique de la vie de J\u00e9sus Christ tr\u00e8s proche des r\u00e9cits bibliques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bMQpHMHyXFbKllMrrlWd7wYkeoB.jpg", "actors": ["Max von Sydow (Jesus)", "Michael Anderson Jr. (James the Younger)", "Carroll Baker (Veronica)", "Ina Balin (Martha of Bethany)", "Victor Buono (Sorak)", "Richard Conte (Barabbas)", "Joanna Dunham (Mary Magdalene)", "Jos\u00e9 Ferrer (Herod Antipas)", "Van Heflin (Bar Amand)", "Charlton Heston (John the Baptist)", "Martin Landau (Caiaphas)", "Angela Lansbury (Claudia)", "Pat Boone (Angel at the Tomb)", "Janet Margolin (Mary of Bethany)", "David McCallum (Judas Iskarioth)", "Roddy McDowall (Matthew)", "Dorothy McGuire (The Virgin Mary)", "Sal Mineo (Uriah)", "Nehemiah Persoff (Shemiah)", "Donald Pleasence (The Dark Hermit - Satan)", "Sidney Poitier (Simon of Cyrene)", "Claude Rains (King Herod)", "Gary Raymond (Simon Peter)", "Telly Savalas (Pontius Pilate)", "Joseph Schildkraut (Nicodemus)", "Paul Stewart (Questor)", "John Wayne (Centurion at crucifixion)", "Shelley Winters (Woman who is healed)", "Ed Wynn (Old Aram)", "John Abbott (Aben)", "Rodolfo Acosta (Captain of lancers)", "Michael Ansara (Herod's commander)", "Robert Blake (Simon the Zealot)", "Burt Brinckerhoff (Andrew)", "Robert Busch (Emissary)", "John Considine (John)", "Philip Coolidge (Chuza)", "John Crawford (Alexander)", "Frank De Kova (The tormentor)", "Cyril Delevanti (Melchior)", "Jamie Farr (Thaddaeus)", "David Hedison (Philip)", "Russell Johnson (Scribe)", "Mark Lenard (Balthazar)", "Robert Loggia (Joseph)", "John Lupton (Speaker of Capernaum)", "Peter Mann (Nathanael)", "Tom Reese (Thomas)", "Marian Seldes (Herodias)", "David Sheiner (James the Elder)", "Frank Silvera (Caspar)", "Joseph Sirola (Dumah)", "Abraham Sofaer (Joseph of Arimathaea)", "Harold J. Stone (Gen. Varus)", "Chet Stratton (Theophilus)", "Michael Tolan (Lazarus)", "Ron Whelan (Annas)", "Jay C. Flippen (Drunken Soldier - Herod Antipas' Court (uncredited))", "Celia Lovsky (Woman Behind Railings (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "*Repent!*\r\n\r\nSue me, but I like it plenty, all 3 hours plus of ass numbing is not a problem to me. It has been called a cumbersome bore, amongst other things, but some of the technical craft is amazing. The story itself is enthralling, building to the shattering Crucifixion parts of the tale, while for every pointless star cameo shoehorned into the production, there's also a Savalas, a Baker and a Heston. Then of course there's Sydow, giving a beautifully intense turn as Jesus, a magnetic portrayal that holds the attention throughout.\r\n\r\nIronically director George Stevens struggled with his own ills during production, a cross to bear as it were, but just as Jesus had Sidney Poitier to share the burden, so to did Stevens, who had David Lean to help carry the load. Now that's a deity if ever there was one. It's a gorgeous film, grand and epic, sensitive and astute. Flaws? Plenty for sure, yet it harks back to a time of blunderbuss epic film making, when story telling meant something, when a musical score rattled the ears and the heart, and when cinematography soothed the eyes as if cool lemon slices had been placed upon the optical nerves.\r\n\r\nYeah, I'm a fan. If you are not then I forgive you, for you know not what you do. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [39225, 42728, 47944, 43750]}