{"tmdb_id": 243145, "title": "Astronauts Gone Wild: An Investigation Into the Authenticity of the Moon Landings", "original_title": "Astronauts Gone Wild: An Investigation Into the Authenticity of the Moon Landings", "slug_title": "astronauts-gone-wild-an-investigation-into-the-authenticity-of-the-moon-landings", "date": "2004-01-01", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5PHJ1OGloqBCuqlMUwhTDQH5zI.jpg", "actors": ["Buzz Aldrin (Himself)", "Bart Winfield Sibrel (Himself)", "Alan Bean (Himself)", "Eugene Cernan (Himself)", "Edgar Mitchell (Himself)", "Neil Armstrong (Himself)", "Michael Collins (Himself)", "John Young (Himself)", "Alfred Worden (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ErikThaRed", "content": "Astronauts Gone Wild\" is the latest crockumentary (One can't call this film a documentary) from producer/director Bart Sibrel where he again tries to prove that no one has ever walked on the moon and that NASA faked all of the moon landings. Similar to his previous offering \"A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon,\" where he misinterprets data, lies to the viewer and hides facts, in this offering he stalks the Apollo moonwalkers and tries to get them to answer some questions, but he first deceives them into giving him an interview. Specifically, he sneaks up of each one then asks them to swear on the Bible that they walked on the Moon and then calls them liars, cheats and frauds. As one would expect the responses are varied. Some astronauts curse him, some just laugh and call him an idiot and others resort to a physical attack. Of course the viewer is treated to the famous Buzz Aldrin's punch to the jaw of Bart Sibrel. As usual he again misinterprets data, lies to the viewer and hides facts, sometimes with editing and sometimes with not showing the viewer the entire story.\r\n\r\nThe film opens with selected short clips from his encounters with various astronauts and this was the only part of the entire DVD that I found even remotely enjoyable. In this section, the viewer sees Bart get punched by Buzz Aldrin, kicked in the rear by Edgar Mitchell, threatened by John Young, called a liar by Neil Armstrong and cursed by Alan Bean, Gene Cernan and a host of others (Mike Collins, Al Worden, Frank Borman). It was so nice to see a man in his 30's get pummeled by 70 year old men.\r\n\r\nIn this extremely cheap production quality video, there are three different types of interviews. In the first type of interview which lasts for several minutes, four astronauts are asked a series of questions about their missions. He then he asks them about his \"secret, classified, footage\" from NASA showing the \"Apollo 11 astronauts faking the moon landings.\" After Bart springs this footage these men and basically calls them liars, as one would expect, a confrontation erupts.\r\n\r\nIt should be noted that this is the same footage that one can see in his first crockumentary, \"A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon,\" so the viewer is not getting anything new. Furthermore this clip has never been secret and is available (and has been for years) to the general public.\r\n\r\nFor the second type of interview, Bart tries his hand at ambush journalism. In these two cases, he confronts John Young and Neil Armstrong. John Young is as classic as ever, telling Bart that he will knock him to the deck. Neil Armstrong realizes that Bart is trying to trick him and doesn't go any further.\r\n\r\nThe third type of interview is just simple and poor attempts at ambush journalism and all that he has are a few seconds of film with the astronauts telling him to leave them alone.\r\n\r\nJust like his previous failure at trying to prove to prove a moon hoax, he again lies to the viewer, hides facts, sometimes with poor editing, and does not tell the viewer the entire story. The interview with Gene Cernan is a perfect example. During the course of the interview, you see that Gene Cernan starts to sweat. With the camera angles and the subsequent editing, the viewers cannot miss it. Of course, the idea promoted here is that if he is sweating profusely he must be lying. Here's what Bart doesn't tell you, he filmed this interview in Cernan's un air-conditioned backyard cabana (you get a glimpse of this at the end of the interview clip), and it is summertime in Houston where temperature and humidity are both above 90 (I live in Houston as does Cernan so I recognize the summer foliage), so of course he hides that fact. One thing that Bart does not show you is himself or the cameraman, so one cannot judge if the sweating is due to the heat and humidity or not. Unfortunately, Bart is not a good editor/producer and if you step through this section of the DVD, you get a brief glimpse of him and he is covered in sweat just like Cernan. Once again, he is caught deceiving the public again."}], "recommandations_id": []}