{"tmdb_id": 243352, "title": "Where Hope Grows", "original_title": "Where Hope Grows", "slug_title": "where-hope-grows", "date": "2014-04-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Calvin Campbell, un ancien joueur de baseball \u00e0 la retraite, d\u00e9prime profond\u00e9ment parce que la comp\u00e9tition lui manque. Il va reprendre go\u00fbt \u00e0 la vie en se liant d'amiti\u00e9 avec une jeune personne handicap\u00e9e mentale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A5zjD5HbfbI1hyDa8uQEW5v7KQK.jpg", "actors": ["Danica McKellar (Susan Malcolm)", "William Zabka (Milton Malcolm)", "Kerr Smith (Mitch Minniear)", "McKaley Miller (Katie Campbell)", "Kristoffer Polaha (Calvin Campbell)", "Brooke Burns (Amy Boone)", "David DeSanctis (Produce)", "Michael Grant (Colt)", "Clyde Jones (Dexter)", "Alan Powell (Franklin)", "Drew Cash (Eric)", "J. Teddy Garces (Doctor Jones)", "Chase Anderson (Jackson)", "Sonya Thaper (Nurse Meera)", "Michelle J. Fine (Nurse Kristen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> An inspiring theme, but too much of cinematic than realistic.\r\n\r\nI came across after an unexpected glance at its inspiring title, and a good looking poster. But it is just a hit and miss. First, I wanted to clear the view whether it was a religious related subject or simply an inspiring movie. The answer is merely yes to the second one. Because it was a brilliant platform that failed desperately with all the usual cliches.\r\n\r\nFor the normal people, it might be an uplifting flick. But for the movie fanatics, it is one of those attempts from their watch that terribly fallen short. No doubt, it is a good theme, a little boring as well to see the same old formula with the new cast. In the end it did not work for me. The way it handled to solve the personal and social issues that depicted in the film characters is not persuasive.\r\n\r\nThe twist at the end was the dumbest one. I can't understand why a movie like this need one. Those are for the smartest scripts and this one should have focused more on the friendship and father-daughter relationship rather trying to imitate the commercial films. Though the actor did well, and the production design was way better than many mainstream films from the recent time. Definitely a go for it, but what do you expect from it will decide how much you're going to like it.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [272602, 70008, 272160, 309425], "youtube_key": "-L10tIzZZrA"}