{"tmdb_id": 243441, "title": "Quartet for Two", "original_title": "\u9023\u5f3e", "slug_title": "quartet-for-two", "date": "2001-03-31", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Shotaro and Minako are arguing. Minako has confessed her infidelity to her husband and informs him of her intention to leave him. She has ceased to enjoy living with a submissive husband. Minako, who works for a construction company, loves her job and is progressing in her successful career, while her husband eagerly takes care of the house and the kids. He buys groceries, he cooks, he does the laundry \u2013 constantly. The couple\u2019s arguing intensifies until Minaka files for divorce. Their older daughter Mari isn\u2019t that upset by her parent\u2019s problems as she\u2019s more interested in the piano piece she\u2019s got to play with her mother at a concert organised by her music school; admittedly, she\u2019s also rather interested in her music teacher. But her younger brother Toru feels betrayed by his mother and can\u2019t manage to reconcile himself to his father\u2019s role as a housewife. A partial reconciliation occurs at Minako and Mari\u2019s concert, where their entrance on stage is met with loud applause.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k9p2MioBbEub4MDx5UjbHKlUKtv.jpg", "actors": ["Naoto Takenaka (Sasaki Shoutarou)", "Yuki Amami (Sasaki Namiko)", "Sawa Suzuki (Ohsawa no tsuma)", "Hairi Katagiri (Bengoshi)", "Kazuki Kitamura (Ohsawa)", "Joji Matsuoka (Cook)", "Reiko Matsuo (Ritsuko)", "Mitsuhiro Oikawa (Tanimura Masaki)", "Yasue Sato (Staff at piano course)", "Yoji Tanaka (Customer)", "Kanji Tsuda (Ramen-ya no kyaku)", "Shinya Tsukamoto (Yuuenchi no otoko)", "Kazuaki Hankai ()", "Maki Ishikawa ()", "Keika Fukitsuka (Sasaki Mari)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}