{"tmdb_id": 243526, "title": "Faults", "original_title": "Faults", "slug_title": "faults", "date": "2014-03-06", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Claire est sous l'emprise d'un nouveau culte myst\u00e9rieux appel\u00e9 Faults. Pr\u00eats \u00e0 tout pour en faire sortir leur fille, les parents de Claire recrutent l'un des plus grands sp\u00e9cialistes de la \"d\u00e9programmation\" un rien loser, Ansel Roth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xOyvFMFoi0i0l1a0vuY1rUqnvSd.jpg", "actors": ["Leland Orser (Ansel)", "Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Claire)", "Chris Ellis (Dad)", "Jon Gries (Terry)", "Lance Reddick (Mick)", "Beth Grant (Evelyn)", "Cruz Flores (Hotel Staff)", "AJ Bowen (Angry Patron)", "Nicholas Tucci (James)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Writer-director Riley Stearns masterfully concocts the sinister dramedy \u2018Faults\u2019 that registers with a bizarre blend of terror and off-the-cuff cheekiness. Stearns\u2019s caustic yet cockeyed vision into the exploration of cults and mind-control methods is gloriously wacky and makes for one of the most unique psychological dramas to register with forthright nerve within recent years. The peculiar appeal found in \u2018Faults\u2019 rests on the beleaguered shoulders of the film\u2019s desperate and dysfunctional lead protagonist Ansel Roth (played with harried brilliance by Leland Orser), a one-time notable authority on cult activities. However, in the aftermath of some success comes the lean times when this so-called shifty deprogramming expert, now in the dumps financially and otherwise, needs to rise to the challenge and ironically escape his own self-inflicting trance.  Hence, \u2018Faults\u2019 roams into tricky territory and manages to juggle the sensitive themes of psyche imprisonment with spirited, naughty ribaldry.\r\n\r\nDeliciously dark and twisted, \u2018Faults\u2019 resonates because of Stearns\u2019s off-key fascination with his shady characters and the compromising predicaments that ensue. As the ringleader of the crazy-minded goings-on, Orser\u2019s Roth is seriously flawed and this serves as the devilish foundation for Stearns\u2019s chaotic universe of unstructured disillusionment.\r\n\r\nThe easy thing to do is automatically label \u2018Faults\u2019 Dr. Ansel Roth as a down-and-out loser with questionable ethics. Sure, his credentials are somewhat boast-worthy in that he has authored a book on the subject matter regarding his expertise in the un-brainwashing of cult victims as manipulated prey.  Still, the pitiful Roth is in a precarious pickle and the only way he can redeem his dire circumstances is return to what he does best regarding his trade as a renowned psychologist. Thankfully, Roth does get that golden opportunity when an older middle-aged couple requests his services in retrieving their jeopardised daughter Claire (Mary Elizabeth Winstead, \u2018Scott Pilgrim vs. The World\u2019) from the cult faction known as Faults.\r\n\r\nFor the concerned parents of the missing Claire, there is a remote sense of hope for Roth to reclaim his own disruptive existence. After all, the hapless soul needs something to overcome his personalised demons. Unfortunately, Roth fell into a tailspin in the aftermath of a former patient\u2019s suicide during his deprogramming watch. So now this justified Roth\u2019s jerk-like tendencies and pauper way of living. The recounting of Roth\u2019s sad \u2018way of life\u2019 includes living out of his broken-down vehicle, mooching breakfast from an already used food voucher at a cheap motel restaurant or forcing his book on disinterested parties at scarcely attended hotel seminars. With eating packets of ketchup as a substitute meal or getting a beating at one of his hosted sessions, it appears that Ansel Roth cannot get a decent break.\r\n\r\nNaturally, coming to the aid of the abducted Claire on behalf of her worried folks is a golden given for the weasel Roth. He can both exploit the couple\u2019s emotional emergency for financial gain and embrace a semblance of redemption and legitimacy as the prominent professional mind-bending problem solver he once was revered in his field. Besides, his paid assignment to rescue the imperiled Claire depends on his own mortality. It is revealed that Roth owes some serious loot to his ex-manager (Jon Gries from \u2018Taken\u2019 and \u2018Napoleon Dynamite\u2019 fame) and in the process has to avoid the shakedown from one of his enforcing goons (Lance Riddick) looking to collect big time.\r\n\r\nThe notable revelation in \u2018Faults\u2019 stems from the complicated consciousness of both Orser and Winstead as the tandem trapped in an anguished grip of psychological hostility. Orser\u2019s Ansel Roth is the broken man at the helm of self-destruction and despair. Stearns\u2019s ironic presentation of a psyche \u2018fixer\u2019 that requires his own brand of mental repairing is oddly compelling and comical in off-kilter fashion. Orser conveys Roth as a walking disaster area whose arrogance and misguided morality shrewdly begs for some sense of sympathy and remorse. He is the main key to the orchestrated mind-numbing madness that Stearns injects into this crafty, cockeyed caper. Winstead\u2019s Claire is transfixing as the brainwashed beauty battling the scars of bleakness. She is convincingly haunting despite her sorority girl freshness look. The supporting players in the aforementioned Gries and Riddick as well as other participants in Stearns\u2019s concentrated center of creepiness skillfully balance the wickedness and wit felt so piercingly realized.\r\n\r\n\u2018Faults\u2019 is a resourceful black comedy that works effectively and never strays away from its pedigree of outrageous misfortune. This is one psychological character study that demonstrates its motivation for unconventional strife with devilish conviction. The inspired insane-induced performances from the film\u2019s detached duo of Orser\u2019s Dr. Ansel Roth and Winstead\u2019s Claire is proof enough to not find any ounce of  perceived Faults with Stearns\u2019s risque roller-coaster on-screen examination of violated distraught boundaries.\r\n\r\nFaults (2014)\r\n\r\nScreen Media Films\r\n\r\n1 hr. 30 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Leland Orser, Mary Elzabeth Winstead, Jon Gries, Lance Riddick, Chris Ellis and Beth Grant\r\n\r\nWritten and Directed by: Riley Stearns\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: NR\r\n\r\nGenre: Psychological Drama/Cults and Deprogramming Caper\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> What we're, won't be the same at the end of the level.\r\n\r\nThe film had more hidden facts than one gets in his casual viewing. If you were really focused, you would start to dig for some answers. The opening of the film was very smooth in a comedic sense. But that's not how the entire film going to be. When the story's purpose begins to roll, with an unexpected event the narration moves to a single location for almost the rest of the film with the limited cast. So it is where our guessing game commence.\r\n\r\nI must agree the writing was a bit cleverer than I projected. The film characters were not so complicated, but towards the end it looked like unavoidably becomes that way. At first, it promises to be a good entertainer and then turns to be smarter with the story development, but in a low key. The film does not say anything about its timeline, but seems it was in the 70s that inspired by the real deprogramming.\r\n\r\nI did not get the last 10-15 minutes of the film, but you know by guessing and visiting various film discussion forums on the net about what others thought about it gave more perspectives. But we still won't reach anywhere near what the writer intended to tell all of us. Compared to the opening, the end was totally a different contrast. In fact feels turned to be another genre and theme. So you would end watching it with the possibilities of like this and that. That means not all the viewers end up happy for what they just saw. Definitely it is for a certain kind of people, including for those has no intention of any expectations from the film.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 174678, 229375, 16154], "youtube_key": "pnnbhJSX75U"}