{"tmdb_id": 243655, "title": "L'as de la g\u00e2chette", "original_title": "Top Gun", "slug_title": "l-as-de-la-gachette", "date": "1955-12-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 1870, dans le Wyoming. De retour \u00e0 Casper, sa ville natale, Rick Martin, un pistolero r\u00e9put\u00e9 pour sa violence, cherche \u00e0 convaincre les habitants que le bandit Tom Quentin pr\u00e9pare une attaque contre le bourg. Mais ceux-ci refusent de le croire, d'autant plus que Martin accuse Canby Judd, l'homme fort de la ville, d'avoir assassin\u00e9 sa m\u00e8re, pour mettre la main sur son ranch, et vol\u00e9 sa fianc\u00e9e. L'as de la g\u00e2chette est somm\u00e9 de quitter Casper...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jCUTPq20pEg5rf3CTGayY9H3nXG.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Hayden (Rick Martin)", "William Bishop (Canby Judd)", "Karin Booth (Laura Mead (as Karen Booth))", "James Millican (Marshal Bat Davis)", "Regis Toomey (Jim O'Hara)", "Hugh Sanders (Ed Marsh)", "John Dehner (Tom Quentin)", "Rod Taylor (Lem Sutter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "To live by the gun to die by the gun.\r\n\r\nTop Gun is directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Steve Fisher and Richard Schayer. It stars Sterling Hayden, William Bishop, Karin Booth, James Millican, Regis Toomey, John Dehner, Rod Taylor and Hugh Sanders. Music is by Irving Gertz and cinematography by Lester White.\r\n\r\nRick Martin (Hayden) is a notorious gunman who returns home to Casper, Wyoming, to tell of an imminent invasion by a gang of outlaws. But his reputation and vested interests see the town want rid of Rick quickly -  something they may regret should they get their wish...\r\n\r\n\"You've been listening to a slippery tongued fella can make a lie stand up and take a bow\"\r\n\r\nTop Gun is no hidden treasure, neither for fans of 1950s American Westerns or of the under valued Sterling Hayden, you wouldn't be staking your life on this one knocking anyone's socks off. However, there is good cause to put it forward for a look see to both parties, for Hayden dose his imposing presence act and under the stewardship of the trusty Nazarro we get a meaty traditional genre piece of the era.\r\n\r\nFront and centre is the anti-hero axis, where although his past deeds are unpalatable, the fact the townsfolk are in the main worm like, with chief heel duty falling to Bishop's Canby Judd, Rick is a man to root for. Loose canon role falls to a youthful smirking Taylor, making a good mark, and Dehner (wonderfully scuzzy) fronts up the villainous outlaws coming to sack the town of Casper.\r\n\r\nAction is healthy in quota, the stunt men and sharp shooters earning their respective keep, while the look and aural technicalities are appealing when considering the budgetary restraints. Familiar traits such as a love triangle and the finale face off between good and bad does not a fresh film make, but the script packs some smart dialogue which in turn gives Dehner, Hayden and Millican room to hold court.\r\n\r\nGood stuff for the genre faithful to sample. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}