{"tmdb_id": 24381, "title": "The Titfield Thunderbolt", "original_title": "The Titfield Thunderbolt", "slug_title": "the-titfield-thunderbolt", "date": "1953-03-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Consternation chez les habitants du charmant village de Titfield. Le petit train d\u00e9partemental qui assurait les communications avec le reste du pays va \u00eatre supprim\u00e9. Ceux-l\u00e0 d\u00e9cident de se porter acqu\u00e9reur de leur train. Et c'est ainsi que la locomotive est conduite par le vicaire assist\u00e9 du ch\u00e2telain. Les affaires sont florissantes jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 des transporteurs routiers d\u00e9cident de saboter le chemin de fer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/LFDeFGThYA8EUQB6BK8fjRx255.jpg", "actors": ["Stanley Holloway (Walter Valentine)", "George Relph (Vicar Sam Weech)", "Naunton Wayne (George Blakeworth)", "John Gregson (Squire Gordon Chesterford)", "Godfrey Tearle (Ollie Matthews)", "Gabrielle Brune (Joan Hampton)", "Sid James (Harry Hawkins)", "Reginald Beckwith (Coggett)", "Edie Martin (Emily)", "Michael Trubshawe (Ruddock)", "Hugh Griffith ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Yes, yes, she'll run. She's as good as she ever was. I'll stake my living on it!\r\n\r\nIt's almost impossible for me to write a review of substance for The Titfield Thunderbolt, such is the love and unadulterated joy I have had with it for nigh on 40 years now. It was one of those magical moments in childhood when me, an obvious train set owner, caught this colourful {it was Ealing Studios first colour film} picture and took it all in like it was magic in a box. Of course back then I had no idea about the thematics of the picture, I just loved the train and the quirky characters that were making me laugh. But now here in a more modern age the film holds up better than most of its Ealing contemporaries, those themes back in the day are a reality. Villages are desperately clinging onto their identities, money mad conglomerates think nothing of heritage and the voice of the common man. And worst of all, the community spirit, the \"tho shall not pass us\" mentality has gone and in its place is fear and sadness.\r\n\r\nAye, I wonder if T.E.B. Clarke had any idea when he sat down to write The Titfield Thunderbolt, that he was not just writing a quaint story about villagers rising up to save their own Branch Line Railway. But that it would also be a freeze frame of a golden age in Britain, a snap-shot of a transport industry that was still 10 years away from being torn apart. I love The Titfield Thunderbolt like a family member, I really do. I can watch it now and it takes me away from this big old world that has gotten itself in one big hurry and strife. I laugh, I even weep tears of joy and I even get angry at the villains in the piece. It's the power of cinema in its truest form when a little village, a small train and some plucky courage in the rolling countryside can instill such emotions in a human being. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30095, 54723, 44134, 83015], "youtube_key": "notfound"}