{"tmdb_id": 243812, "title": "The Harvester", "original_title": "The Harvester", "slug_title": "the-harvester", "date": "1936-04-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In a small town in Indiana in the 1890s, the domineering and ambitious Mrs. Biddle arranges a marriage between her spoiled daughter Thelma and the town's prize catch, harvester David Langston, who is wedded to the soil. David is friends with orphan Ruth Jameson and, although she is in love with him, he eventually gives in to the machinations of Mrs. Biddle and consents to marry Thelma. Meanwhile, technological advances come to town, including its first gasoline buggy, galvanic battery, and metal bathtub fitted with running water. When Mrs. Biddle tries to convince David to give up the farming life and join her husband in real estate, Mr. Biddle, hen-pecked and dissatisfied with city life, warns David against selling his farm.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t4Idl8uNlVC8YaQivKY7DfsmWds.jpg", "actors": ["Alice Brady (Mrs. Biddle)", "Russell Hardie (David Langston)", "Ann Rutherford (Ruth Jameson)", "Frank Craven (Mr. Biddle)", "Cora Sue Collins (Naomi Jameson)", "Emma Dunn (Granny Moreland)", "Joyce Compton (Thelma Biddle)", "Edward Nugent (Bert Munroe)", "Roy Atwell (Jake Eben)", "Spencer Charters (Stubby Pratt)", "Russell Simpson (Abner Prewett)", "Phyllis Fraser (Gladys)", "Fern Emmett (Miss Sophronia)", "Burr Caruth (Dr. Carey)", "Lucille Ward (Mrs. Griggs)", "Harry Bowen (Carl)", "Grace Hayle (Mrs. Kramer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}