{"tmdb_id": 243, "title": "High Fidelity", "original_title": "High Fidelity", "slug_title": "high-fidelity", "date": "2000-03-17", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / Musique"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir endur\u00e9 moult ruptures et peines de c\u0153ur, Rob Gordon se voit brusquement plaqu\u00e9 par sa compagne Laura. Encore sous le choc, il s'efforce de comprendre les raisons de cette nouvelle d\u00e9b\u00e2cle. Dressant le Top 5 des ruptures qui l'ont le plus marqu\u00e9es, il d\u00e9cide de relancer ses ex dans l'espoir qu'elles lui fourniront la cl\u00e9 de l'\u00e9nigme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sEZKCUFU6Ozf7hZ3UuaKWUqHLTZ.jpg", "actors": ["John Cusack (Rob Gordon)", "Iben Hjejle (Laura)", "Todd Louiso (Dick)", "Jack Black (Barry)", "Lisa Bonet (Marie DeSalle)", "Catherine Zeta-Jones (Charlie Nicholson)", "Joan Cusack (Liz)", "Tim Robbins (Ian 'Ray' Raymond)", "Chris Rehmann (Vince)", "Ben Carr (Justin)", "Lili Taylor (Sarah Kendrew)", "Joelle Carter (Penny Hardwick)", "Natasha Gregson Wagner (Caroline Fortis)", "Shannon Stillo (Alison Jr. High)", "Drake Bell (Rob Jr. High)", "Laura Whyte (Laura's Mom)", "Sara Gilbert (Anaugh)", "Rich Talarico (Barry's Customer)", "Matthew O'Neill (Beta Band Customer)", "Brian Powell (Middle Aged Customer)", "Margaret Travolta (Rob's Mom)", "Bruce Springsteen (Himself)", "Jill Peterson (Laura's Sister Jo)", "Dick Cusack (Minister)", "Susan Yoo (Girl - 19 year old)", "Chris Bauer (Paul)", "K. K. Dodds (Miranda)", "Marilyn Dodds Frank (Alison's Mom)", "Duke Doyle (Kevin Bannister)", "Aaron Himelstein (Boy In Park)", "Jonathan Herrington (Chris Thompson)", "Daniel Lee Smith (Rock Guy)", "Leah Gale (Mourner)", "David Darlow (Mourner)", "Erik Gundersen (Marco)", "Alex D\u00e9sert (Louis)", "Alan S. Johnson (Man In Store)", "Ian Belknap (Party Guest)", "Andrew Micheli (Party Guest)", "Polly Noonan (Party Guest)", "Philip Rayburn Smith (Party Guest)", "Michele Graff (Party Guest)", "Susie Cusack (Party Guest)", "Liam Hayes (Piano Player)", "Damian Rogers (Greenday Girl)", "Robert A. Villanueva (Skateboarder)", "Joe Spaulding (Flea Market Musician)", "Scott A. Martin (Bartender)", "Heather Norris (Laura's Friend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What came first - the music or the misery?\r\n\r\nHigh Fidelity is directed by Stephen Frears and adapted to screenplay by D.V. DeVincentis, Steve Pink, John Cusack and Scott Rosenberg from the Nick Hornby novel. It stars Cusack, Jack Black, Iben Hjejle and Todd Louiso. Music is by Howard Shore and Cinematography by Seamus McGarvey.\r\n\r\nRecord store owner and compulsive list-compiler Rob Gordon (Cusack), embark's upon a what does it all mean mission when his latest girlfriend leaves him.\r\n\r\nCusack and Pink take Hornby's hugely popular novel and redirect it to Chicago, with joyous results. High Fidelity is a tale of human love and a love of music, a sort of battle of the sexes with a soundtrack of masculine life. Rob's voyage of self discovery is highly amusing, the trials and tribulations of relationships bringing out a number of scenes and scenarios that ring true, not just tickling the funny bones, but also tugging the heart and cradling the brain.\r\n\r\nAway from the doomed love angles it's the music threads that literally strike the chords. Rob and his two co-workers Barry (Black) & Dick (Louiso) worship music and continually indulge in making top 5 lists whilst bickering with sarcastic glee in the process. All three actors are superb, a trio of odd balls bouncing off of one and other with a zest that's infectious, though it's decidedly Cusack's show. A perpetual miserablist who addresses us the audience at frequent intervals, Rob in Cusack's hands garners sympathy, pity and laughs in equal measure.\r\n\r\nIn the support slots is a ream of talent well in on the joke, beauties like Catherine Zeta-Jones (dropping F-Bombs like they are going out of fashion), Lisa Bonet & Joelle Carter are complimented by the comic skills of Joan Cusack, while Hjejle turns in a wily and womanly performance as the girlfriend who kicks starts Rob's search for meaning. Elsewhere the sight of Tim Robbins as a new age hippy type - with a black belt in martial arts - is so much fun it reminds of what a good comic actor he can be as well. \r\n\r\nAs with Grosse Point Blank, another Cusack/Pink production, sound tracking is everything, and naturally given the setting of the story there is an abundance of classic tunes to delight in. All told it's a special movie, for all sexes and for all music lovers, but especially for anyone who has had relationship problems. Now what did come first, the music or the misery? Priceless. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2255, 9434, 786, 9675], "youtube_key": "yUTsDJ3dxEQ"}