{"tmdb_id": 244088, "title": "Les Opportunistes", "original_title": "Il capitale umano", "slug_title": "les-opportunistes", "date": "2014-01-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Pr\u00e8s du lac de C\u00f4me en Italie. Les familles de la richissime Carla Bernaschi, et de Dino Robelli agent immobilier au bord de la faillite sont li\u00e9s par une m\u00eame obsession: l'argent.  Un accident la veille de No\u00ebl va brutalement changer leurs destins au cours d'une nuit....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bOsrrCSE20uUaDofmrtMUlokW6P.jpg", "actors": ["Fabrizio Bentivoglio (Dino Ossola)", "Valeria Bruni Tedeschi (Carla Bernaschi)", "Fabrizio Gifuni (Giovanni Bernaschi)", "Valeria Golino (Roberta)", "Luigi Lo Cascio (Donato, il professor Russomanno)", "Matilde Gioli (Serena Ossola)", "Guglielmo Pinelli (Massimiliano Bernaschi)", "Isabelle Tanakil (La signora Pierret)", "Bebo Storti (ispettore)", "Giovanni Anzaldo (Luca Ambrosini)", "Gigio Alberti (Giampi)", "Silvia Cohen (Adriana Crosetti)", "Alessandro Betti (l'assessore)", "Federica Fracassi (Rosanna Bertoncelli, critica teatrale)", "Pia Engleberth (Signora Ester)", "Paolo Pierobon (zio Davide)", "Gianluca Di Lauro (Fabrizio, il ciclista)", "Michael Sart (ean Louis, l'assistente di Bernaschi)", "Alessandro Milzoni (Francesco Alberici)", "Anna Lazzeri (Marie Rose Bertolazzi)", "Luca Toracca (Don Alberto, il preside)", "Fulvio Milani (Amico di Bernaschi)", "Saman Anthony (Capo Cameriere)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "Lately I have been watching lots of movies from the book adaptation and here it comes another one. This time an English language novel transformed into an Italian movie. But what I heard is that a few changes were made to bring the Italian flavor. Well, what could I say more, if you know the director you will say he's the right person to make it happen and he did excellently. Recruited the best cast and extracted best out of them.\r\n\r\n     The story of the two families narrated in the different streams when a cyclist got hit by a car on the Christmas eve. So the question has been asked, how did it happen? And who did it? The characters from two families begin to expose their role on that accident night revealing who did what. Dino, a realtor sees an opportunity to get into a big earning league so he decides to invest a large amount on it. Followed by the recession he has to face the reality of business that puts his life on a stake. Carla, the wife of a multimillionaire gives a financial support for the struggling company. Later she has to let it go when her husband's business begins to fall apart. Serena, the daughter of Dino and Massimiliano, son of Carla are the close friends. Their story follows where one of them finds their true love and another one get into sadness for some reason. When all these three episodes concludes the final chapter begins to unveil the truth with a twist.\r\n\r\n\u2018\u2018I know it does not look much like you,\r\nI tend to make things uglier.\u2019\u2019\r\n\r\n     The story was told in layers which were divided into the four chapters. The story that happened between the particular timeline was repeated again and again with another character's perspective and with different camera angles till truth reveals in the final chapter. As it's still developing the opening was confusing which was the first chapter. Without holding-up in development, it straight goes with the main intention of the theme. If you pass that then the following segments interest you to make you guess the possibilities the suspense it hold. Kind of impossible to predict because of the introduction of the related characters to the particular incident consumed by the three quarters of the film. Which mean twist comes at the latter part which was really a good one. Each character that comes in the different episodes were incredible. Like, for a moment it was unhooked from the rest and centralizes that specific story stream, but the common event holds the story all together. I liked all the main characters, but the character Serena steals the final show. The role who played it was a new face and I kind see a great career ahead of her. (God, she's kind of attractive, hope its not me the only one to say that.) This was one of the recent best neo-noir. If somebody asks, I definitely recommend it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36940, 380225, 359156, 8832], "youtube_key": "kLLsqYK4rm0"}