{"tmdb_id": 24428, "title": "Avengers", "original_title": "The Avengers", "slug_title": "avengers", "date": "2012-04-25", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Aventure", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et l\u2019\u00e9quilibre de la plan\u00e8te sont menac\u00e9s par un ennemi d\u2019un genre nouveau, Nick Fury, le directeur du SHIELD, l\u2019agence internationale du maintien de la paix, r\u00e9unit une \u00e9quipe pour emp\u00eacher le monde de basculer dans le chaos. Partout sur Terre, le recrutement des nouveaux h\u00e9ros dont le monde a besoin commence\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s9UPgyelWtEqjS3HT3TUuHU9BHU.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Chris Evans (Steve Rogers / Captain America)", "Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner /The  Hulk)", "Chris Hemsworth (Thor Odinson)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Jeremy Renner (Clint Barton / Hawkeye)", "Tom Hiddleston (Loki)", "Clark Gregg (Phil Coulson)", "Cobie Smulders (Agent Maria Hill)", "Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd (Erik Selvig)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury)", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Virginia \"Pepper\" Potts)", "Paul Bettany (J.A.R.V.I.S. (voice))", "Alexis Denisof (The Other)", "Tina Benko (NASA Scientist)", "Jerzy Skolimowski (Georgi Luchkov)", "Kirill Nikiforov (Weaselly Thug)", "Jeff Wolfe (Tall Thug)", "M'laah Kaur Singh (Young Girl)", "Rashmi Rustagi (Calcutta Woman)", "Powers Boothe (World Security Council)", "Jenny Agutter (World Security Council)", "Arthur Darbinyan (World Security Council)", "Donald Li (World Security Council)", "Warren Kole (Carrier BridgeTechs)", "Alicia Sixtos (Carrier Bridge Techs)", "Maximiliano Hern\u00e1ndez (Agent Jasper Sitwell)", "Dieter Riesle (Gala Scientist)", "Kenneth Tigar (German Old Man)", "Walter Perez (Shield Pilot)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Security Guard)", "Josh Cowdery (Maintenance Guy)", "Ashley Johnson (Waitress)", "Katsumi Komatsu (Japanese Family)", "Yumiko Komatsu (Japanese Family)", "Robert Clohessy (Police Sergeant)", "Enver Gjokaj (Police Officer)", "Fernanda Toker (Office Woman)", "Andrea Vecchio (News Reporter)", "Robin Swoboda (News Reporter)", "Brent McGee (Faceless Pilot)", "Jamie McShane (Celebration Montage Interviewee)", "Michael Zhang (Celebration Montage Interviewee)", "William-Christopher Stephens (Celebration Montage Interviewee)", "Kelley Robins Hicks (Celebration Montage Interviewee)", "Romy Rosemont (Shawna Lynde)", "James Eckhouse (Senator Boynton)", "Stan Lee (Himself)", "Thomas Roberts (Himself)", "Pat Kiernan (Himself)", "Damion Poitier (Man # 1 (Thanos))", "Lou Ferrigno (Hulk (voice - uncredited))", "Jesse Garcia (Carrier BridgeTechs)", "Momoko Komatsu (Japanese Family)", "Jillian Morgese (Woman in Restaurant (uncredited))", "Catherine Anderson (German Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Ricardo Andres (Lentil Merchant (uncredited))", "Logan Bennett (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Mayank Bhatter (Celebration Montage Man Shaving Beard (uncredited))", "Sharita Bone (Gala Guest (uncredited))", "Jason Botsford (Museum Gala Patron (uncredited))", "Mary Kate Campbell (Stuttgart Biergarten patron (uncredited))", "Gene N. Chavez (S.H.I.E.L.D. Guard (uncredited))", "Layla Cushman (Gala Guest (uncredited))", "Robert Dean (Soldier (uncredited))", "Rick Dremann (Museum Gala Guest (uncredited))", "Jeffrey Feingold (Captain Putz (uncredited))", "Rod Fielder (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Eric Frank (Stuttgart Citizen (uncredited))", "Israel Hall (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Carmen Dee Harris (Museum Gala Patron (uncredited))", "Alexander Christopher Jones (Mercenary (uncredited))", "Mike Karban (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Demoine Kinney (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Andrew Knode (Stuttgart Citizen (uncredited))", "Annette Lawless (Hostage (uncredited))", "Kimberly J. Mahoney (Limo Driver (uncredited))", "Todd Manes (Helicarrier Medical Team Leader (uncredited))", "Jorge Mardel (Stuttgart Driver (uncredited))", "Tiffany Sander McKenzie (Civilian (uncredited))", "Michael McMillan (Cafe Patron (uncredited))", "Sean Meehan (Guard (uncredited))", "Joti Nagra (Waitress (uncredited))", "Holly Neelie (Gala Museum Patron (uncredited))", "Caleb Daniel Noal (Extra (uncredited))", "Joseph O'Brien (New York City Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Jeremy Orr (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Nate Paige (New York Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Martin Palmer (Shiel Employee (uncredited))", "Maria Perossa (Museum Gala Guest (uncredited))", "Caleb Pieplow (Extra (uncredited))", "Alexander Daniel Pimentel (Helicarrier Shield Agent (uncredited))", "Frank Powers (S.H.I.EL.D Agent - Loki Escort (uncredited))", "Jaime Powers (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Brent Reichert (Stuttgart Gala Patron (uncredited))", "Kelly Ruble (S.H.E.I.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Gina Sarno (Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Robert B. Schneider IV (New York City Police Officer (uncredited))", "Jeff Seich (New York Police Officer in Firefight (uncredited))", "Christina Shaffer (Stuttgart Beer Garden Patron (uncredited))", "Alonda Shevette (Lab Tech (uncredited))", "Douglas Slygh (Museum Gala Patron (uncredited))", "Colin Strause (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent #4 (uncredited))", "Robert P. Thitoff (Gala Patron (uncredited))", "George Thomas (S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent (uncredited))", "Shane Thompson (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Jerry Lee Tucker (Mercenary (uncredited))", "Tai Urban (Child on News #1 (uncredited))", "Chris Vaina (Running Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Sandra Weston (Sweeper (uncredited))", "Seth Zielicke (Barbershop (uncredited))", "Alex DeCourville (Tourist (uncredited))", "Debbie Scaletta (Gala Guest (uncredited))", "Andrea-Nichole Olivas (S.H.I.E.L.D agent (uncredited))", "Tina Grimm (NYC Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Evan Kole (Principal (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "xenocast", "content": "With a movie like this you wonder how all of the otherwise, main characters will work together and support the story.\r\n\r\nNo problems here.  While as might be expected, R. Downey Jr. comes across largely central, it is still a good mix and IMHO the best scenes in the movie involve the generated Hulk character.\r\n\r\nWith that kind of successful melding of characters, Hollywood-scale egos and even computer generated characters; you have to give it up to the writers and director to make this the successful film that it is."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long format review from 2012**\r\n\r\nMy new favourite Marvel Cinematic Universe film, undoubtedly! Order goes thusly;\r\n\r\n1. The Avengers\r\n2. Iron Man\r\n3. Thor\r\n4. Captain America\r\n5. Iron Man 2\r\n6. The Incredible Hulk\r\n\r\nI had the privilege of going to Sydney and watching this almost a full three weeks before it\u2019s American release, in a special advance screening for fans and a handful of critics. I drove up and back on a day trip with my mate HRV, spent over $400 between us\u2026 So worth it.\r\n\r\nI think perhaps my expectations of The Avengers were too high. In fact I know they were, even so, I feel that it almost managed to meet them. All but two of the fears I had about this epic were quashed without a doubt. I initially was worried about Mark Ruffalo helming the role of The Hulk/Bruce Banner after taking over from Edward Norton who was ousted after his first appearance. My complaints were completely unfounded however, as Mark Ruffalo presents us with an at least as good Marvel Hero. \r\n\r\nIn terms of entertainment, The Avengers is one of the greatest feats ever produced. At the screening I went to, I actually missed more than a couple of lines due to the fact that the entire bloody cinema was in hysterics from some classic Joss Whedon (Director - Buffy, Angel, Firefly, Dollhouse) humour. The squabbles between these larger than life characters are not quite up to the peak that Jon Favreau\u2019s Iron Man & Iron Man 2 sit on, but in terms of film in general, they are some of the better interactions I\u2019ve ever seen.\r\n\r\nThe only weak points I really have to whinge about are both quite minor, and perhaps can be rectified in the MCU future. Firstly, Thor\u2019s return to Earth (whilst brilliantly dramatic and pretty) was quite weak in terms of exposition. That said, this isn\u2019t a Thor movie, so we don\u2019t need to know everything that happens to him. Also, in next year\u2019s Thor 2, it is very possible we\u2019ll discover more specific details about the first few scenes of his return. Secondly, Loki\u2019s army also came across to me quite weakly. In case we have any Marvel aficionados in the crowd, I won\u2019t spoil it by telling you who they\u2019re supposed to be, but in general the whole army was essentially a meat shield used to bump out scenes in which The Avengers get to kick ass. A very enjoyable part of the film, but one that doesn\u2019t really drive the story at all.\r\n\r\nI feel the only way I can adequately describe just how much you need to see this movie (in cinemas) is this: For those of you who understand me, you will be know and be aware of just how much I fucking hate the concept of Blu-Ray. I am going to buy a Blu-Ray player, a HD television, and Blu-Ray discs, just so that I will get more special features when The Avengers is released. Never have I even considered doing such a thing before.\r\n\r\nThe Avengers doesn\u2019t get into your mind and rape it in the best way possible like Revolver or Donnie Darko. It doesn\u2019t get into your guts and turn them with nostalgic violence like the brilliance in Doomsday or Outpost. It gets into your heart, and leaves you not just wanting, but needing more. Long live the MCU!\r\n\r\n90%\r\n\r\n-Gimly"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "After the recent disappointments from Marvel, notably Thor and the abysmal second instalment of Ghost Rider, this was a pleasant experience.\r\n\r\nThe special effects are dazzling, the plot is acceptable and the heroes are not making total idiots out of themselves just because the director wanted some \u201cdepth\u201d to their characters. Sure there is a little bickering in between them but not too much to distract from the fun.\r\n\r\nI\u2019ve always liked Robert Downey Jr\u2019s portrayal of Tony Stark and his sharp tongue. I did wonder how they where going to get the Hulk in there since he\u2019s supposed to be uncontrollable but they did it. Okay they downplayed his uncontrollability a bit but I can live with that. I absolutely loved the \u201cpuny god\u201d scene (if you haven\u2019t seen the film yet you\u2019ll have to see it to know what I mean, I wont spoil it in advance).\r\n\r\nI have to say that I found Thor himself a bit underwhelming again though. I just expect something more imposing as the good of thunder. But then I\u2019m Scandinavian so\u2026\r\n\r\nAnyway, this was a great film. I enjoyed it very much."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "One of the few movies to actually make me feel like a kid again, Joss Whedon was the perfect filmmaker to do this film. Everyone gets their time to shine. The script juggles every plot point and character moment with clarity and ease. It's funny, smart, and visually jaw dropping. Definitely lived up to the five movie hype."}, {"pseudo": "E.J. Cummings", "content": "I give this 10 Stars based on it being not only better than the trailer and the hype made me thing it would be, but also that it was the first time anything the size and scope of the Marvel Cinematic universe was pulled off successfully. Having Joss direct this movie lives and dies on character interaction. This movie is on the definitive list in my opinion even just for that."}], "recommandations_id": [68721, 10138, 1771, 1726]}