{"tmdb_id": 24442, "title": "Le Chevalier du Roi", "original_title": "The Black Shield Of Falworth", "slug_title": "le-chevalier-du-roi", "date": "1954-09-02", "genre": ["Histoire / Aventure / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "La Maison des Falworth a \u00e9t\u00e9 frapp\u00e9e d'interdit par le roi d'Angleterre et tous les Falworth condamn\u00e9s \u00e0 mort. En 1600, Myles Falworth et sa soeur Anne gagnent le ch\u00e2teau royal avec une lettre de recommandation. Ils ignorent leurs origines, mais Myles est certain que le myst\u00e8re de leur naissance lui sera r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9 dans le ch\u00e2teau. Devenu \u00e9cuyer du roi, il se fait des amis influents, mais aussi des ennemis qui ne le sont pas moins. Parmi ces derniers se trouve le comte d'Alban, responsable de l'arr\u00eat qui a frapp\u00e9 les Falworth...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x3ar4ByKua10bxiNKGwaDpzgX6Z.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Curtis (Myles Falworth)", "Janet Leigh (Lady Anne of Mackworth)", "David Farrar (Gilbert Blunt, Earl of Alban)", "Barbara Rush (Meg Falworth)", "Herbert Marshall (William, Earl of Mackworth)", "Torin Thatcher (Sir James)", "Dan O'Herlihy (Prince Hal of Wales)", "Patrick O'Neal (Walter Blunt)", "Craig Hill (Francis Gascoyne)", "Ian Keith (King Henry IV)", "Doris Lloyd (Dame Ellen, Lady-in-Waiting)", "Rhys Williams (Diccon Bowman)", "Leonard Mudie (Friar Edward)", "Maurice Marsac (Count de Vermois)", "Leo Britt (Sir Robert)", "Charles B. Fitzsimons (Giles)", "Gary Montgomery (Peter)", "Claud Allister (Sir George)", "Hamilton Camp (Roger Ingoldsby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All The Pageantry And Excitement Of Knighthood\u2019s Epic Age! \r\n\r\nThe Black Shield of Falworth is directed by Rudolph Mate and adapted to screenplay by Oscar Brodney from the noel Men of Iron written by Howard Pyle. It stars Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, Barbara Rush, Torin Thatcher, Herbert Marshall, Craig Hill, David Farrar and Dan O\u2019Herlihy. Music is by Hans J. Salter and cinematography by Irving Glassberg. \r\n\r\n1954 proved to be quite a year for fans of swords and shields movies, spoilt for choice really. Demetrius and the Gladiators, The Black Knight, King Richard and the Crusaders, Prince Valiant and The Black Shield of Falworth, all got trundled out with colourful ebullience and a willingness to entertain the genre faithful. Naturally budgets and quality of picture varied, while for more serious fare there was the option of seeking out The Egyptian or The Silver Chalice instead\u2026Leonard Matlin famously called The Black Shield of Falworth a juvenile picture, well yes, that\u2019s pretty much what it is, it wasn\u2019t trying to be Ben-Hur etc, it knows its niche in the genre scheme of things and lets rip in a whirl of tights, colour, smirks, bravado and romance. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s ultimately a rompathon, it\u2019s predictable in story arc and awash with iffy accents that adorn a very simple historical plot. In short order it\u2019s an excuse for Curtis to be athletic and butch, fighting the good fight for his birthright, the fair maiden\u2019s affections and Henry IV\u2019s honour. The men are either splendidly handsome or crotchety villains, the ladies radiant and dressed to the nines. The fights are aplenty and decently choreographed, the colours sharp and the music a montage of medieval flavourings. If not taken seriously, and why would you? Then it\u2019s a fine rainy day movie to be enjoyed with drinks and snacks. Hooray for Olde England shenanigans. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [147905, 44890, 148109, 223611], "youtube_key": "Bf20rEhfXKk"}