{"tmdb_id": 24446, "title": "Un fianc\u00e9 pour No\u00ebl", "original_title": "Holiday in Handcuffs", "slug_title": "un-fiance-pour-noel", "date": "2007-12-09", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Com\u00e9die / Romance / Familial"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Trudie Chandler a promis \u00e0 ses parents de venir passer No\u00ebl avec eux en compagnie de son petit ami, Nick, mais ce dernier la plaque juste avant le d\u00e9part. Pour ne pas d\u00e9cevoir ses parents, Trudie kidnappe un client du snack dans lequel elle travaille dans le but de le faire passer pour Nick.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qTBRvNUV2M79nxqYYrNa1BcWrqP.jpg", "actors": ["Melissa Joan Hart (Gertrude 'Trudie' Chandler)", "Mario L\u00f3pez (David Martin)", "Markie Post (Mom Chandler)", "June Lockhart (Grandma)", "Timothy Bottoms (Dad Chandler)", "Kyle Howard (Jake Chandler)", "Vanessa Evigan (Katie Chandler)", "Layla Alizada (Lucy)", "Cedric De Souza (Taj)", "Marion Eisman (Mrs. Barber)", "Karen Hines (Maria)", "Maureen Jones (Barbara)", "Matt Embry (Slick Guy)", "Gabrielle Miller (Jessica)", "Marty Hanenberg (Mr. Portnoy)", "Andrea D'Amours (Office Worker)", "Benjamin Ayres (Nick)", "Gerrick Winston (Steve)", "Nkechi Odina (Clerk)", "Travis Milne (Ryan)", "Greg Lawson (Officer #1)", "Rod Heatherington (Officer #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***'Misery' if it were a romantic comedy / Christmas movie***\r\n\r\n\u201cHoliday in Handcuffs\u201d (2007) stars Melissa Joan Hart as the underachiever of a liberal family in the Seattle area. When her beau breaks up with her right before her family\u2019s Christmas get-together, she kidnaps a man and forces him to go to the rented cabin as her boyfriend (Mario Lopez).\r\n\r\nThe plot takes \u201cMisery\u201d (1990) and \u201cBuffalo '66\u201d (1998) and morphs them into an amusing romcom / Christmas flick. Melissa was pregnant during shooting, but still cute & winsome. Markie Post appears as the mother and it\u2019s nice to see her again. Layla Alizada as the girlfriend is attractive in a semi-exotic way while June Lockhart is hilarious as the grandmother.\r\n\r\nI realize this is comedic fluff, but the idea of Stockholm syndrome surfaces. This is a psychological response sometimes seen in hostages in which the captive shows signs of loyalty to the kidnapper, regardless of the peril in which the abductee has been placed.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed the movie, but the first half is funnier than the second half, which understandably takes a more serious romantic turn. The movie is also seriously marred by the blatantly contrived way the script checks all the idiotic PC boxes. Get Real.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 26 minutes and was shot in Calgary, Alberta.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [68591, 81393, 24436, 144785], "youtube_key": "hRDUxJgWbvE"}