{"tmdb_id": 24452, "title": "La petite boutique des horreurs", "original_title": "The Little Shop of Horrors", "slug_title": "la-petite-boutique-des-horreurs", "date": "1960-09-14", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "com\u00e9die noire sur un jeune homme qui cr\u00e9e une plante carnivore et doit tuer pour le nourrir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fkfaRgEiBoZ9ZZvg3eONgZ2dRTj.jpg", "actors": ["Jonathan Haze (Seymour Krelboyne)", "Jackie Joseph (Audrey Fulquard)", "Mel Welles (Gravis Mushnick)", "Jack Nicholson (Wilbur Force)", "Leola Wendorff (Siddie Shiva)", "Myrtle Vail (Winifred Krelboin)", "Wally Campo (Det. Sgt. Joe Fink / Narrator)", "Charles B. Griffith (Screaming Patient/ Audrey Junior (voice) / Burglar)", "Dick Miller (Burson Fouch)", "Karyn Kupcinet (Shirley)", "Toby Michaels (Teenage Girl)", "Lynn Storey (Mrs. Hortense Feuchtwanger)", "Jack Warford (Det. Frank Stoolie)", "Meri Welles (Leonora Clyde)", "John Herman Shaner (Dr. Phoebus Farb)", "Dodie Drake (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1960 and directed by Roger Corman, \u201cLittle Shop of Horrors\u201d stars Jonathan Haze as Seymour, a klutzy worker at a Los Angeles Skid Row florist shop. On the verge of getting fired by the owner (Mel Welles), the young man brings his weird hybrid plant to the store to spur business. Unbeknownst to Seymour, it requires flesh & blood to grow and live. Jackie Joseph plays the other worker at the shop and Seymour\u2019s potential girlfriend. A very young Jack Nicholson appears as a patient at a dentist office for about 8 minutes.     \r\n\r\nBack when this was released I\u2019m sure the black humor was almost scandalous (e.g. Seymour feeding body parts to the ravenous plant), but Corman got away with it because it\u2019s such an inane, quirky comedy. A lot of the humor didn\u2019t work for me and I personally don\u2019t like black & white. But there are enough amusing elements to make it worth checking out and Jackie possesses a winsome sweetness that\u2019s a pleasure to behold. Filmed in late December, 1959, the late 50s/early 60s ambiance is a highlight.        \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 12 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles. WRITER: Charles B. Griffith. ADDITIONAL CAST: Toby Michaels and Karyn Kupcinet are on hand as high school girls in need of flowers for a float.            \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [31655, 22642, 28501, 23439], "youtube_key": "amlXKaqk2jg"}