{"tmdb_id": 244509, "title": "Cold in July: Juillet de sang", "original_title": "Cold in July", "slug_title": "cold-in-july-juillet-de-sang", "date": "2014-05-23", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "1989, Texas. Par une douce nuit, Richard Dane abat un homme qui vient de p\u00e9n\u00e9trer dans sa maison. Alors qu\u2019il est consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme un h\u00e9ros par les habitants de sa petite ville, il est malgr\u00e9 lui entra\u00een\u00e9 dans un monde de corruption et de violence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zotsAuntzSFECpDWfkIWePcIJOq.jpg", "actors": ["Michael C. Hall (Richard Dane)", "Don Johnson (Jim Bob)", "Sam Shepard (Russell)", "Vinessa Shaw (Ann Dane)", "Nick Damici (Ray Price)", "Wyatt Russell (Freddy)", "Lanny Flaherty (Jack Crow)", "Brianda Agramonte (la jeune fille latine sur la cassette)", "Tim Lajcik (Mex)", "Brogan Hall (Jordan Dane)", "Ken Holmes (un voleur)", "Rachel Zeiger-Haag (Valerie)", "Kristin Griffith (Kay)", "Laurent Rejto (Perp)", "Joe Lanza (un officier)", "Kris Eivers (un inspecteur)", "Happy Anderson (Ted)", "Joseph Anthony Jerez (l'homme gros)", "Joseph Harrell (Officer Kevin)", "Soraya Butler (Female Officer)", "Gregory Russell Cook (Skinny Man)", "Bill Sage (Baseball Announcer (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Kind of so good till Jim Bob Luke's entry.\r\n\r\nI'm glad I watched it, but if I had missed it, I would have not worried much. Anyway, you can't say like that until you watch any movie. This movie was excellent, I mean it for the first 40-45 minutes. So much twist and thrills, I was almost regretting for almost missing it. But once the character Jim Bob Luke was introduced in a grand style, the narration went off the track.\r\n\r\nThe best parts were over, I got lost interest, and I asked myself why it has to be like this after a wonderful opening? Especially for the character Dane who was a family man and his choice was completely wrong. As mush as Dane, I wanted to know who he shot, but that was not the story's intention to reveal and went in a different direction to disappoint me.\r\n\r\nThe guys (actors) were awesome, but the writing was a let down, it owes lots of explanation rather telling a decent story. It was an indie crime-thriller based on the novel of the same name, sets in the 1980s. I won't say the film was bad, but I enjoyed only the half movie, the first half.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All right, boys, it's Howdy Doody time. \r\n\r\nCold in July is directed by Jim Mickle and Mickle co-adapts the screenplay with Nick Damici from the novel written by Joe R. Lansdale. It stars Sam Shepard, Michael C. Hall and Don Johnson. Music is by Jeff Grace and cinematography is by Ryan Samul. \r\n\r\n1989 Texas and when Richard Dane (Hall) shoots and kills a burglar in his home, his life shifts into very dark places. \r\n\r\nA quality neo-noir pulper, Cold in July thrives because it never rests on its laurels. It consistently throws up narrative surprises, spinning the protagonists and us the audience into different territories. Fronted by three striking lead performances, each portraying a different type of character who bounce off of each other perfectly, the pic also has that late 80s swaggering appeal. Be it Grace's shifty synth based score, or the way Samul's photography uses primary colours for bold bluster, it's period reflective and tonally in keeping with the story. \r\n\r\nWith substance in the writing, moody and dangerous atmosphere unbound and tech credits at the high end, this one is recommended with confidence to neo-noir fans. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157845, 157847, 188166, 310133], "youtube_key": "J5S7wFUvaCg"}