{"tmdb_id": 244506, "title": "The Guard", "original_title": "Camp X-Ray", "slug_title": "the-guard", "date": "2014-10-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme s'engage dans l'arm\u00e9e afin de rompre avec ses racines rurales et s'ouvrir \u00e0 de nouveaux horizons. Mais, \u00e0 son corps d\u00e9fendant, elle se retrouve \u00e0 Guantanamo Bay pour y surveiller les prisonniers djihadistes, et partager son quotidien avec d'autres soldats de son \u00e9quipe tout aussi agressifs. Elle va alors entamer une relation particuli\u00e8re avec l'un des d\u00e9tenus\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oGcmIqOAbV8npgY57u7tqzwPgc.jpg", "actors": ["Kristen Stewart (Amy Cole)", "Payman Maadi (Ali (as Payman Maadi))", "Lane Garrison (Randy)", "Joseph Julian Soria (Rico)", "John Carroll Lynch (Col. Drummond)", "Julia Duffy (Betty)", "Cory Michael Smith (Bergen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Right from the beginning events of the scenes are poorly intensified.\r\n\r\nIt was a one sided narration, that is really a very bad for this kind of sensitive theme. But the prime intention was to bring the Guantanamo Bay detention camp's atrocity on the detainees by the US military. Well, it actually avoids those strong cruelties, and focuses the unusual relationship between a detainee and a woman guard.\r\n\r\nLimited cast, shot mostly in a single location with the budget of just one million USD, and an ordinary opening, but ended strong. I assumed a lot of things likely to happen while I was watching. Like Amy Cole (Kristen Stewart) was in undercover, to make detainees talk and collect the information. Because she was the only woman around, but as usual like most of the time I was wrong. It was so plain and filled with human emotions.\r\n\r\nI was strong and confident that they were just torturing the terrorists who deserved it. If you see it from the human perspective that was slightly a over-limit, only if you exclude their crimes. I just felt it was a propaganda to show US in a bad light. That is the reason it will not show terror strikes in the movie that committed by any of the detainee characters, but only the consequences they face.\r\n\r\nA Hollywood movie specially made to make feel good for the terrorists and those who support it. Okay, I agree, some were innocents. While fishing, a few other marine animals also gets trapped in the net as well, for that I feel sorry what happened to them. But 95% of them were heartless monsters. Everyone will have their own opinion on this film based on their religion, nationality or sympathetic for simply being a human, and everything are fair.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [15058, 31007, 157825, 294652], "youtube_key": "_1MDrwqjeGo"}