{"tmdb_id": 244772, "title": "The Skeleton Twins", "original_title": "The Skeleton Twins", "slug_title": "the-skeleton-twins", "date": "2014-09-12", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Maggie et Milo, faux jumeaux perdus de vue, se retrouvent le jour o\u00f9 ils \u00e9chappent de pr\u00e8s \u00e0 la mort\u2026 simultan\u00e9ment. C\u2019est alors qu\u2019ils prennent le temps de se red\u00e9couvrir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vvmv1R2jDXJeeeyYcGg0ypXc2XK.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Hader (Milo Dean)", "Kristen Wiig (Maggie Dean)", "Luke Wilson (Lance)", "Ty Burrell (Rich Levitt)", "Boyd Holbrook (Billy)", "Joanna Gleason (Judy)", "Kathleen Rose Perkins (Carlie Van der Hoff)", "Adriane Lenox (Dr. Linda Essex)", "Sydney Lucas (Young Maggie Dean)", "Eddie Schweighardt (Young Milo Dean)", "Paul Castro Jr. (Eric Levitt)", "Benjamin McGowan (Cullen)", "Jennifer Smith (Bar Woman)", "Genevieve Adams (Store Manager)", "Truck Hudson (Security Officer)", "Cliff Moylan (Police Officer)", "Ian Hyland (Waiter (uncredited))", "David Garelik (College Dude (uncredited))", "Jennifer Lafleur (Drunk Natalie (uncredited))", "Noah Segura (Librarian (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Twins and their failures, depression, suicide attempt, together overcoming.\r\n\r\nAfter the beautiful 'Hateship Loveship', I expected this one for Kristen Wiig. It was a brother-sister relationship theme. The main characters are twins and they have lots of common. The story begins when they meet for the first time after the ten years of no connection. The circumstance was strange as they both were depressed who attempt for a self kill. That does not end successfully, instead narration commence for us where they share each others memory of the past by trying to shape up the present life. But still the old habits won't let them alone as they encounter life changing decisions by the end of the story.\r\n\r\nKind of a rare movie, all about the twins' bonding told in a humourous way, mostly. Mistakes are the essence of the script. The fall and rise were cleverly constructed throughout around those two characters. The cast was the plus point. Since it was about twins, Wiig and Hader are perfectly fit for their respective roles. As for Bill Hader, I've never seen he donned in a higher ranked role like this. He was always been a co-star and in this film he's one of the leads. Everybody gets their time right like awesome Timothy Spall in 'Mr. Turner'.\r\n\r\nIn this movie, these two lead performers were absolutely spot on. But the lack of pace is a challenge. If you pass through it successfully, you would get a nice entertainment. If not, the movie would be dull, pale, even it could be worse film of the year for you. Anyway, still it falls short to be an excellent film, I consider it to be a just good movie. Worth a watch, but the movie won't stay in your memory for so long.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [248774, 242090, 157360, 180296]}