{"tmdb_id": 245168, "title": "Les Suffragettes", "original_title": "Suffragette", "slug_title": "les-suffragettes", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Au d\u00e9but du si\u00e8cle dernier, en Angleterre, des femmes de toutes conditions d\u00e9cident de se battre pour obtenir le droit de vote. Face \u00e0 leurs revendications, les r\u00e9actions du gouvernement sont de plus en plus brutales et les obligent \u00e0 entrer dans la clandestinit\u00e9 pour une lutte de plus en plus radicale. Puisque les manifestations pacifiques n\u2019ont rien donn\u00e9, celles que l\u2019on appelle les suffragettes finissent par avoir recours \u00e0 la violence pour se faire entendre. Dans ce combat pour l\u2019\u00e9galit\u00e9, elles sont pr\u00eates \u00e0 tout risquer: leur travail, leur maison, leurs enfants, et m\u00eame leur vie. Maud est l\u2019une de ces femmes. Jeune, mari\u00e9e, m\u00e8re, elle va se jeter dans le tourbillon d\u2019une histoire que plus rien n\u2019arr\u00eatera\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ynRj8n3gVaEO2fFFAK3g6TZiLWq.jpg", "actors": ["Carey Mulligan (Maud Watts)", "Helena Bonham Carter (Edith Ellyn)", "Brendan Gleeson (Arthur Steed)", "Anne-Marie Duff (Violet Cambridge)", "Meryl Streep (Emmeline Pankhurst)", "Ben Whishaw (Sonny Watts)", "Romola Garai (Alice Haughton)", "Samuel West (Benedict Haughton)", "Geoff Bell (Norman Taylor)", "Natalie Press (Emily Davison)", "Adrian Schiller (David Lloyd George)", "Amanda Lawrence (Miss Withers)", "Adam Michael Dodd (George Watts)", "Grace Stottor (Maggie Miller)", "Lorraine Stanley (Mrs Coleman)", "Morgan Watkins (Detective Malcolm Walsop)", "Finbar Lynch (Hugh Ellyn)", "Nick Hendrix (Government Minister)", "Shelley Longworth (Miss Samson)", "Sarah Finigan (Mrs Garston)", "Drew Edwards (Male Laundry Worker)", "Adam Nagaitis (Mr Cummins)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Police Constable)", "Joyce Henderson (Female Prison Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A revolution that fought within a nation, within a race, within a family.\r\n\r\nBiographical movies are always fascinating. If it is not something worthy, the movie would have not taken up the shape. It was a very good movie, and a very important historical subject. It has been 100 years since and now the world we live-in is much different and better. I think after thousands of years, now the women got their freedom.\r\n\r\nI thought I knew this story very well, but it was 'Made in Dagenham' which is quite similar to this which is also based on the real. Both the stories take place 50 years apart, but this one was the beginning of a new era for women, not without sacrifices and sufferings.\r\n\r\nGreat actors, great actings, awesome storytelling, cinematography at its best, direction was amazing and the music was so pleasant, but the method of dealing was a bit gruesome, and sometimes brutal. I thought the terrorism is a new word, but this movie gives a different perspective and meaning to that.\r\n\r\nYou would definitely love this film if you respect women. All women cast movie, including the director, but for everyone. It might have begun in the UK, but the entire planet saw a drastic change and still taking place in some places. I don't see any reason why I should not recommend it to you.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Deeds, not words.\r\n\r\nIt's a telling point in history, that of the Suffragettes, the militant women's organisations in the early 20th century who, under the banner \"Votes for Women\", fought for the right to vote in public elections. So case in point that any filmic treatments are greatly anticipated - and wanted of course, so here we have Sarah Gavron's film that is written by Abi Morgan and starring Carey Mulligan, Helena Bonham Carter, Brendan Gleeson, Anne-Marie Duff, Ben Whishaw and in cameo Meryl Streep.\r\n\r\nRight off the bat it should be noted on two crucial points, one is that this is merely a story strand involving a group of Suffragette women, this is not all encompassing, something which is emphasised by the fact that Suffragette leader Emeline Pankhurst is only cameoed here by Streep. Secondly it has to be said that this is a condensed narrative for story telling emotional gain in favour of the Suffragettes, their more serious activities for attention are very much played down. So with that in mind anyone interested in the subject are urged to seek out literary sources for story as facts.\r\n\r\nFilthy Panks!\r\n\r\nThe gripping story here dramatizes events that builds to the death of Emily Davison at the 1913 Derby. We are privy to the harsh realities of the life of women in this era (period detail superb), the employment pay structures, the treatment at the hands of the authorities, and the home lives that could result in losing ones child on account of poverty. It's potent stuff and ensures that we at least understand the need for change and fully support the women in their ultimate goal, the arguments put forward viable and just.\r\n\r\nThankfully the makers are not on a one way mission to portray all men as monsters, there's a nice balance between good and bad. The implications of the women's long road to reckoning is given thought, the social distortion possibility hanging in the air alongside economic murkiness. So although the narrative often gets heavy handed in striving for dramatic impact, the point is well and truly made and begs all to delve further into a cause that ultimately needed winning.\r\n\r\nSmall in scale as regards the Suffrage Movement as a whole, but important as an historical pointer and acted with professional assuredness by the cast, this achieves its goals regardless of condensement gripes. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [258480, 306819, 167073, 250734]}