{"tmdb_id": 24548, "title": "Just One of the Guys", "original_title": "Just One of the Guys", "slug_title": "just-one-of-the-guys", "date": "1985-04-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "When Terry Griffith loses her high school's writing competition, she's convinced that it's because she's a girl. So Terry decides to change high schools and pose as a boy to prove her point. Her brother, Buddy, helps her pass as a guy so well that she is soon making friends with the boys at school, including the attractive Rick, who becomes her new best friend. But her gender-swapping makes things difficult when she falls in love with him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7ffvsRv8ueYYK0H3zocmNRPd8yN.jpg", "actors": ["Joyce Hyser (Terry Griffith)", "Clayton Rohner (Rick Morehouse)", "Billy Jayne (Buddy Griffith)", "Toni Hudson (Denise)", "William Zabka (Greg Tolan)", "Leigh McCloskey (Kevin)", "Sherilyn Fenn (Sandy)", "Deborah Goodrich (Deborah)", "Arye Gross (Willie)", "Stuart Charno (Reptile)", "John Apicella (Coach Mickey Morrison)", "Kenneth Tigar (Mr. Raymaker)", "Steven Basil (Mark (as Steve Basil))", "J. Williams (Julian)", "Don Blanton (Jimmy)", "Ramon Chavez (Mr. Mendosa)", "Frank Sprague (Mr. Grasso)", "Emily Ragsdale (English Teacher)", "Richard Blake (Janitor)", "Mickey Guinn (Security Guard)", "Stacy Blythe (Linda)", "Anthony Galde (Ralph)", "Linda Kelly (Betty)", "Kim Norwitz (Jill)", "Kim Studer (Beth)", "Joseph Finsterwald (Freshman)", "Katy Boyer (Jeanine)", "Troy Clegg (Cool Guy #1)", "Randy Mooers (Cool Guy #2)", "Brian Melrose (Boy in Locker Room)", "Robert Fieldsteel (Phil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Who said the beautiful girls are not smart enough!**\r\n\r\nI always like the 80s films, because that's the time the teen films were revolutionised. I did not know this film's existence, also not knew 'She's the Man' was its remake. Very enjoyable comedy flick. It was not a flawless film, but they were minimised. This is the story of Terry, a senior high school girl who after failed to get her desired summer job at a local press, she decides to reapply for the internship disguised as a boy with the help of her little brother. The rest follows what she's going to achieve from her new getup.\r\n\r\nI really don't know any of these actors, but I liked them all, especially the lead actress. As I have seen many similar films, I don't think it failed to get my attention. So 80s, I mean very impressive like usual with slow and steady narration. You should not compare it to the present teen films. It was not just a different era film, but smartly highlighted the trend among the high school kids of the 80s. Particularly like the relationship and sexually perspectives, though not that strong contents.\r\n\r\nI don't think everybody would like it, especially the todays youngsters, but surely the 80s and the 90s guys would enjoy it. I was not even born when it came out, though I feel my generation was very close to it than the present. If you have not seen many films like this theme, you should try it, but watch out for the slow story progression. That's the only thing that might disappoint the viewers, but if you are okay with that, then it is a better film than you would have anticipated.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [15982, 31083, 17362, 40562], "youtube_key": "zGibIaY7MSY"}