{"tmdb_id": 245435, "title": "Gubra", "original_title": "Gubra", "slug_title": "gubra", "date": "2006-04-06", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Seven years after Jason, Orked is now married to a much older guy, Arif. Everything seems ideal in their marriage at first glance. One fateful morning, Orked is awakened by a distressing phone call from Mak Inom with news that Pak Atan has become catatonic due to diabetic complications.After some chaos, they take Pak Atan to the hospital. There, Orked bumps into Alan, Jason\u2019s elder brother. His father, Pa has also been hospitalized. As the film develops, we witness the friendship between Alan and Orked flourish, to Arif\u2019s apprehension. Perhaps because for Orked, Alan is a link to her first love. Throughout the film we are also introduced to another 'family'. The muezzin or Pak Bilal heads an institution of sorts; consisting of his wife, Kak Maz, their 7 year-old child, two prostitutes, Temah and Kiah, as well as Temah\u2019s son, Shahrin and a mysterious gambler named Ki. The story then unfolds into a web of deceit and heartbreak.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/amEEWpC0pK8h6XWnpTqLvmoc0D9.jpg", "actors": ["Sharifah Amani (Orked)", "Adlin Aman Ramlie (Arif)", "Namron (Pak Bilal)", "Rozie Rashid (Temah)", "Noorkhiriah (Kak Maznah)", "Juliana Ibrahim (Kiah)", "Alan Yun (Alan)", "Mei Ling Tan (Ibu Jason)", "Khir Rahman (Ki)", "Adibah Noor (Kak Yam)", "Ida Nerina (Mak Inom)", "Harith Iskander (Pak Atan)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "hZ-5PPz8U_4"}