{"tmdb_id": 24568, "title": "Suivez ce chameau", "original_title": "Follow That Camel", "slug_title": "suivez-ce-chameau", "date": "1967-09-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "n faux l\u00e9gionnaire prouve son courage lors d'une attaque arabe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8nifhAeOQoTJReWuJTTnsUn2pBa.jpg", "actors": ["Phil Silvers (Sergeant Nocker)", "Kenneth Williams (Commandant Maximilian Burger)", "Jim Dale (Bertram Oliphant 'Bo' West)", "Charles Hawtrey (Captain Le Pice)", "Joan Sims (Zig-Zig)", "Angela Douglas (Lady Jane Ponsonby)", "Peter Butterworth (Simpson)", "Bernard Bresslaw (Sheikh Abdul Abulbul)", "Anita Harris (Corktip)", "John Bluthal (Corporal Clotski)", "William Mervyn (Sir Cyril Ponsonby)", "Peter Gilmore (Captain Humphrey Bagshaw)", "Julian Holloway (Ticket Collector)", "Larry Taylor (Riff)", "William Hurndell (Raff)", "Vincent Ball (Ship's Officer)", "Julian Orchard (Doctor)", "David Glover (Hotel Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mustapha Leek!\r\n\r\nOriginally released under the title Follow That Camel, Carry On Follow That Camel is the 14th entry in the long running series. Story plays out as a historical parody of the Beau Geste type of movies, thrusting Jim Dale and Peter Butterworth into the French Foreign Legion. There they are at the mercy of Commandant Maximilian Burger (Kenny Williams) and Sergeant Nocker (Phil Silvers brought in to try and boost American ticket sales).\r\n\r\nJapery is prominent as the not so intrepid Legionnaires get involved with an angry army of Bedouins led by Sheikh Abdul Abulbul (Bernard Bresslaw). Joan Sims has a minor role as a big cleavage landlady, while it's Angela Douglas snagging the main gal role as Lady Jane Ponsonby, with a running gag of her sexual innocence being mined for all it's worth. It's actually a better film than the iffy reputation afforded it. True, missing big hitters like Sid James and Hattie Jacques is felt, but Silvers is ebullient playing a Bilko character, while it's nice to see the excellent Jim Dale bag the English lead and not letting anyone down.\r\n\r\nIt sits somewhere in the middle scale of Carry On films, neither too bawdy nor like the genial black and whites. But plenty of laughs to be had and it's a good production, the Camber Sands locations surprisingly passing muster as the Legionnaires desert hell. Well constructed battle sequences for the finale as well. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26329, 26327, 24569, 24571]}