{"tmdb_id": 24569, "title": "Carry On Henry", "original_title": "Carry On Henry", "slug_title": "carry-on-henry", "date": "1971-01-01", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Histoire / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Henry VIII has just married Marie of Normandy, and is eager to consummate their marriage. Unfortunately for Henry, she is always eating garlic, and refuses to stop. Deciding to get rid of her in his usual manner, Henry has to find some way of doing it without provoking war with Marie's cousin, the King of France. Perhaps if she had an affair...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y2bSkLBovQm1bjq9Y9DAyqYiHIW.jpg", "actors": ["Sid James (King Henry VIII)", "Kenneth Williams (Thomas Cromwell)", "Charles Hawtrey (Sir Roger de Lodgerley)", "Joan Sims (Queen Marie)", "Terry Scott (Cardinal Wolsey)", "Barbara Windsor (Bettina)", "Kenneth Connor (Lord Hampton of Wick)", "Julian Holloway (Sir Thomas)", "Peter Gilmore (King Francis of France)", "Julian Orchard (Duc de Poncenay)", "Gertan Klauber (Bidet)", "David Davenport (Major Domo)", "Margaret Nolan (Buxom Lass)", "William Mervyn (Physician)", "Norman Chappell (First Plotter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Henry Tudor just got ruder!\r\n\r\nThe 21st film of the long running Carry On series is a bawdy trip into the court of King Henry VIII (Sid James). The King has recently married Queen Marie of Normandy (Joan Sims) but since she eats too much garlic, thus putting the King off his conjugal rights, he plots to get her out the way. However, he must tread carefully as a war with France could easily arise should anything happen to the Queen.\r\n\r\nSome of the best colour Carry On movies would turn out to be set in an historical period. Carry On Henry is not one of the best from the historical romps, but it's a goodie and for those who like the saucy side of the series then it has plenty of appeal.\r\n\r\nThe presence of James on womanising and boozing form, and Barbara Windsor doing her no brain all sexuality act, gives this entry its saucy soul, while Terry Scott (superb visual ticks), Kenny Williams (a continuously wonderful foil for Scott) and Charles Hawtrey mince about with gleeful abandon. The energy of the comedy is high and sustained throughout, while the art design and costuming is regal in production. The gunpowder plot forms a side-bar narrative, which is joyous but also shows us that Kenneth Connor is sadly under used, but the innuendo and purposely groan inducing gags are always on hand to tickle the senses of those so inclined towards this splinter of the popular British institution. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24568, 26327, 24571, 19725], "youtube_key": "5rmsj7BOxR8"}