{"tmdb_id": 245891, "title": "John Wick", "original_title": "John Wick", "slug_title": "john-wick", "date": "2014-10-22", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Depuis la mort de sa femme bien-aim\u00e9e, John Wick passe ses journ\u00e9es \u00e0 retaper sa Ford Mustang de 1969, avec pour seule compagnie sa chienne Daisy. Il m\u00e8ne une vie sans histoire, jusqu\u2019\u00e0 ce qu\u2019un malfrat sadique nomm\u00e9 Iosef Tarasof remarque sa voiture. John refuse de la lui vendre. Iosef n\u2019acceptant pas qu\u2019on lui r\u00e9siste, s\u2019introduit chez John avec deux complices pour voler la Mustang, et tuer sauvagement Daisy\u2026  John remonte la piste de Iosef jusqu\u2019\u00e0 New York. Un ancien contact, Aurelio, lui apprend que le malfrat est le fils unique d\u2019un grand patron de la p\u00e8gre, Viggo Tarasof. La rumeur se r\u00e9pand rapidement dans le milieu : le l\u00e9gendaire tueur cherche Iosef. Viggo met \u00e0 prix la t\u00eate de John : quiconque l\u2019abattra touchera une \u00e9norme r\u00e9compense. John a d\u00e9sormais tous les assassins de New York aux trousses.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b9uYMMbm87IBFOq59pppvkkkgNg.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (John Wick)", "Michael Nyqvist (Viggo Tarasov)", "Alfie Allen (Iosef Tarasov)", "Willem Dafoe (Marcus)", "Ian McShane (Winston)", "Lance Reddick (Hotel Manager / Charon)", "Dean Winters (Avi)", "Adrianne Palicki (Ms. Perkins)", "Omer Barnea (Gregori)", "Toby Leonard Moore (Victor)", "Daniel Bernhardt (Kirill)", "Bridget Moynahan (Helen)", "John Leguizamo (Aurelio)", "Bridget Regan (Addy)", "Keith Jardine (Kuzma)", "Tait Fletcher (Nicholai)", "Kazy Tauginas (Ivan (as Kazimieras Tauginas))", "Alexander Frekey (Alexander)", "Thomas Sadoski (Jimmy)", "Randall Duk Kim (Continental Doctor)", "David Patrick Kelly (Charlie)", "Clarke Peters (Harry)", "Kevin Nash (Francis)", "Gameela Wright (Delivery Woman)", "Vladislav Koulikov (Pavel)", "Munro M. Bonnell (Priest)", "Patricia Squire (Elderly Woman (as Pat Squire))", "Vladimir Troitsky (Team Leader)", "Tommy Bayiokos (Russian Sniper (uncredited))", "Carolyn Blair (Red Circle Club Goer (uncredited))", "Samantha Crawford (Red Circle Club Goer (uncredited))", "Nadia Kay (Hot Girl (uncredited))", "Natalia Kiriya (Red Circle Model (uncredited))", "Scott Tixier (Violinist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is very much my kind of movie. Straightforward, lots of good action, our hero never waivers from his path and no social or emotional nonsense. Those who have watched the movie might wonder why I claim that there is not emotional nonsense since the entire plot is driven by John Wick\u2019s very emotional response to his wife\u2019s death and the subsequent killing of the dog that he received as a last present from her. What I mean with \u201cno emotional nonsense\u201d is that John Wick is never second guessing himself, the movie never really tries to portray him as an \u201cordinary\u201d guy having second thoughts about killing the bad guys and he doesn\u2019t go into some silly \u201coh should I really pull the trigger\u201d trance and drops the gun in the worst possible moments as is done in a lot of movies. Sure, there are emotions in this movie. Rage and thirst for revenge in particular with the addition of a healthy dose of fear from the bad guys\u2026eventually that is.\r\n\r\nThe plot of the movie is, as I wrote, quite straightforward and classical. Retired hit man gets wronged by idiot son of big bad guy. Hit man gets pissed off and goes on a quest for revenge. People die (a lot of them). Hit man and big bad guy have a show down at the end. In terms of story that is about it. However, such a story can be told and presented in a good and entertaining way and in a less good and entertaining way. As far as I am concerned the way the story is told in this movie is very, very entertaining.\r\n\r\nKeanu Reeves is quite good as the hit man. So are the big bad guy and most of the other actors of any importance. During the course of the movie we get more than a few glimpses into John Wick\u2019s former life and it is a quite cool background that have been elaborated. The secret world that John Wick was once part of and how it works and operates would be worthy a good old-fashioned James Bond movie.\r\n\r\nThen of course there is the action. It is an action movie so you do expect quite some expenditure on the action and this movie do not disappoint. There are lots of action and it is good action. Sure, the ease by which John Wick picks off his opponents waiving his gun(s) in all direction without hardly looking is sometimes a bit over the top but it is still done with a fluidness and grace that just makes it \u2026 so cool. The gun fights are generally mixed up with some equally good martial arts close combat stuff and it is really well woven together.\r\n\r\nOne thing that I really like with this movie is that John Wick is the cool, cold, determined, not to be pissed off, killing machine from start to finish. There are really no slow parts or \u201cobligatory\u201d scenes of doubt and self-recrimination. It is \u201cthe bad guys will pay\u201d all the way. This of course gives the opportunity to include some other elements that I quite like in a story like this. For instance the parts where the spoiled total idiot son of the big bad guy slowly gets his arrogance replaced by some good, honest to God, fear. Fear of death and fear of the guy he so carelessly pissed off.\r\n\r\nNeedless to say, I enjoyed this movie a lot when I sat down to watch it with my oldest son yesterday."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "I don't get why this movie has such good reviews. It simple and quite uninteresting. Lots of actions and well known faces (many from TV series), but nothing else. The same old brainless plot to justify tons of bullets."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Woof!\r\n\r\nKeanu Reeves is the John Wick of the title, a grieving one man army who gets tipped over the edge when gangsters kill his dog. Carnage ensues.\r\n\r\nThe paying public do like a good revenge flick, there have been plenty this last couple of decades, and they do go down well. Once the set-up has been staged - Wick grieves at the loss of his loved one - gets some small joy via a pet - only to have that snatched away from him, then the film becomes a joyously unstoppable actioner.\r\n\r\nWick, in good hands with a moody and beefy Reeves (face fuzz strange, though) strong in presence, cuts a swathe through the gangland eastern blockers. And that's pretty much it! Characterisations are thin on the ground, it's a bit nutty and of course preposterous, but boy is it fun. There you go, a box office winning actioner without pretensions. Enjoy. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "CuriousAstronaut", "content": "~NO SPOILERS~\r\n\r\nJohn Wick is an excellent revenge action movie that raises the bar with its excellent lighting, cinematography, and martial arts displays from Keanu.\r\n\r\nMr Wick spends the rest of the film getting even with a mob boss for the actions of his son who killed his dog and stole his car.   As far as the plot goes, its pretty simple but there is a lot of depth to the world.\r\n\r\nReeves displays a decent amount of acting range here, but his real talent is bringing bad guys down one headshot at a time. Its glorious to see him smack a guy over the head, hold him down while reloading, and then take him out.\r\n\r\nThe best thing about this film is the lack of shaky cam-- you can see all the action happening clearly. This is made possible by the dedication of the actors in their martial arts training.\r\n\r\nSupport films like this, they are a rare breed these days!"}, {"pseudo": "Shreyance Parakh", "content": "**Pure unadulterated action**\r\n\r\nJohn Wick - it's that kind of a character whose name is enough to inflict terror in the minds of people. And whoever isn't terrified doesn't mean that they're better, it just means that they don't know JOHN WICK.\r\n\r\nIt definitely isn't the first character of it's kind, but very few characters of this kind convince you that they are what they are supposed to be. Let's just say that John Wick kicks a** and he is pretty awesome at that.\r\n\r\nI can't think of anyone else to be John Wick other than Keanu Reeves, the guy's living the character on screen. The hand to hand combat, usage of knives and guns, the action, it all seems poetic at times. The thing I loved the most is that there wasn't too much noise, no Boom Boom, just the Bang Bang, exactly what you'd expect from a hit-man.\r\n\r\nThe cinematography, dialogues, background score, direction, action, everything was just what a movie like this needs. It ticked all the right boxes for me and I think every action movie fan would lap this one up.\r\n\r\nIt is a great action revenge movie that never runs out of steam throughout it's course. So, everyone who loves to see bullets flying all over the screen, or to quote it better, say hitting just the right spots, go treat yourself to this movie. You'd be glad.\r\n\r\nAn 8 out of 10"}], "recommandations_id": [324552, 156022, 137113, 177677], "youtube_key": "2AUmvWm5ZDQ"}