{"tmdb_id": 245976, "title": "Beg, Borrow or Steal", "original_title": "Beg, Borrow or Steal", "slug_title": "beg-borrow-or-steal", "date": "1937-12-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "We find con-man Ingraham Steward living by his wits by steering wealthy Paris visitors to sellers of fake paintings and other assorted dodges. He and his wife, Agatha, have been separated for 15 years, but he promises to give their daughter, Joyce, a lavish wedding at his \"ch\u00e2teau\" in France. The fact that he doesn't have a ch\u00e2teau in France is just a minor trifle. He induces the caretaker, Bill Cherau, of a large country estate to allow it to be used for the wedding. The wedding party arrives and Bill falls madly in love with Joyce and she with him, but a gal has gotta do what a gal has gotta do, and her intended marriage to stuffed-shirt Horace Miller stays on the books. But Steward has a change of heart and he tells one and all that he and his friends, Von Gersdorff, Lefevre, Iznamof, Clifton Summitt and Sasch, are all frauds and crooks. Horace and his family stalk out, which is just fine with Joyce as her true love, the caretaker, is waiting on the grounds.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKIznAGiksT47l6jar62GVxKaXV.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Morgan (Ingraham Steward)", "Florence Rice (Joyce Steward)", "John Beal (Count Bill Cherau)", "Janet Beecher (Mrs. Agatha Steward)", "Herman Bing (Von Giersdorff, aka Count Herman)", "Erik Rhodes (Lefevre)", "George Givot (Izmanov)", "E.E. Clive (Lord Nigel Braemer)", "Tom Rutherford (Horace Miller)", "Cora Witherspoon (Mrs. Elizabeth Miller)", "Reginald Denny (Clifton Summitt)", "Vladimir Sokoloff (Sascha)", "Harlan Briggs (Mr. Virgil Miller)", "Lowden Adams (Braemer's Servant)", "Egon Brecher (Antique Shop Proprietor)", "Leonard Carey (James, Lord Braemer's Butler)", "Joseph Crehan (Mr. Parsons, Murillo Customer)", "Robert Du Couedic (French Detective)", "Fred Malatesta (Majordomo)", "Alphonse Martell (French Policeman)", "Dan Maxwell (Scotch Gun Bearer)", "Jean Perry (Inspector Lebrix)", "John Picorri (Orchestra Leader)", "Frank Puglia (French Detective Looking for Summitt)", "Frank Reicher (Monsieur Debillon)", "Bert Roach (Mr. Ed Thompson)", "Edwin Stanley (Minister)", "Joseph R. Tozer (Lord Kenyon)", "Josephine Whittell (Mrs. Ed Thompson)", "Betty Worth (Joyce's Maid)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}