{"tmdb_id": 246080, "title": "Black sea", "original_title": "Black Sea", "slug_title": "black-sea", "date": "2014-12-05", "genre": ["Aventure / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "R\u00e9cemment renvoy\u00e9 par sa soci\u00e9t\u00e9, un capitaine de sous-marin est embauch\u00e9 pour trouver un tr\u00e9sor gisant au fond de la mer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ghac5aKzS0tsmBhXXAWURcEEVk0.jpg", "actors": ["Jude Law (Captain Robinson)", "Karl Davies (Liam)", "Jodie Whittaker (Chrissy)", "Daniel Ryan (Kurston)", "Scoot McNairy (Daniels)", "Tobias Menzies (Lewis)", "Michael Smiley (Reynolds)", "David Threlfall (Peters)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Fraser)", "Konstantin Khabenskiy (Blackie)", "Grigoriy Dobrygin (Morozov)", "Bobby Schofield (Tobin)", "Sergey Veksler (Baba)", "Branwell Donaghey (Gittens)", "Sergey Kolesnikov (Levchenko)", "Llewella Gideon (Job Centre Worker)", "Gus Barry (Martin (aged 12))", "Zaak Conway (Martin (aged 4))", "Yuri Klimov (Ukranian Admiral)", "Dennis Kelly (Himself)", "Kevin Macdonald (Himself)", "Charles Steel (Himself)", "Paulina Boneva (Job Center Worker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Clear the desk and clear the decks.\r\n\r\nThere's a fabled Nazi U-Boat down in the depths of the ocean, aboard is gold, lots of gold. So it's time for a not so motley crew of submariners to go forth - in an antiquated submarine - and try to set themselves up for life. Naturally nothing goes as planned, there are hidden agendas, rival factions within, claustrophobia reigns supreme, will anyone survive? Will you want any of them to survive?\r\n\r\nBlack Sea is not without problems, though the complaints about credibility and believability not being available? Well these are surely from folk who don't watch enough of, or understand the workings of, genre cinema of this ilk. Kevin Macdonald (director) and Dennis Kelly (writer) have crafted a tight and efficient submarine thriller. Characterisations are clich\u00e9d, with nods to other genre type of films evident, but the group dynamics pulse with danger and the inevitable peril sequences strike the requisite suspenseful chords.\r\n\r\nBlack Sea doesn't define or reinvent the submarine thriller wheel, it just keeps the rotor shafts turning. Strong casting and earthy photography help matters, to make this - ropey accents aside - better than a time waster of a viewing. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [245916, 266396, 154400, 252178], "youtube_key": "OwGclAAIpx4"}