{"tmdb_id": 246598, "title": "A Feather in Her Hat", "original_title": "A Feather in Her Hat", "slug_title": "a-feather-in-her-hat", "date": "1935-10-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "In 1925 London, middle-aged, widowed shopkeeper Clarissa Phelps (Pauline Lord) pities genteel, but homeless drunkard Captain Randolph Courtney (Basil Rathbone) and takes him in. When Courtney corrects the lower-class accent and grammar of her son Richard, a germ of an idea is born. Richard benefits from Courtney's tutelage as he grows up. Ten years later, on Richard's twenty-first birthday, Clarissa makes a startling announcement. She is not his mother, but was merely hired to raise him for his upper-class parents. She gives him a bankbook with a balance of \u00a31000 as arranged with his real mother and asks him to move out on his own. Richard (Louis Hayward) and Courtney are both stunned. Emily Judson (Nydia Westman), with whom Richard has grown up, is distressed as well; she had hoped to marry him, but now feels he is out of her reach.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hNMN7otLqyaMQB441xGGsR0I03V.jpg", "actors": ["Pauline Lord (Clarissa Phelps)", "Basil Rathbone (Captain Randolph Courtney)", "Louis Hayward (Richard Orland)", "Billie Burke (Julia Trent Anders)", "Wendy Barrie (Pauline Anders)", "Nydia Westman (Emily Judson)", "Victor Varconi (Paul Anders)", "Thurston Hall (Sir Elroyd Joyce)", "Nana Bryant (Lady Drake)", "Lawrence Grant (Dr. Phillips)", "Doris Lloyd (Liz Vining)", "David Niven (Leo Cartwright)", "John Rogers (Henry Vining)", "J.M. Kerrigan (Pobjoy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}