{"tmdb_id": 246712, "title": "Billy the Kid Outlawed", "original_title": "Billy the Kid Outlawed", "slug_title": "billy-the-kid-outlawed", "date": "1940-07-20", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the first of the six films Bob Steele made in PRC's \"Billy the Kid\" series, gun law rules in Lincoln County, New Mexico in 1972, where Sam Daly and Pete Morgan operate a general store. Daly expects to be elected sheriff and he and Morgan intend to bring off a final big coup and then disappear. To further their plans, they have local ranchers such as the Bennett brothers killed. Billy Bonney and his friends Fuzzy Jones and Jeff Travis, driving a cattle herd and friends of the Bennetts,engage in a gun battle with the killers that frightens the stage horses. Billy gives chase and rescues Judge Fitzgerald and his daughter Molly. The judge has been sent by Washington's Department of Justice to take over the law enforcement in Lincoln County, but is murdered by the Daly/Morgan henchman. Sheriff Long deputizes Billy and his friends to bring in the killers, but Daly is elected sheriff, and promptly brands Billy, Jeff and Fuzzy as outlaws. Billy, now known as Billy the Kid, retaliates by ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tcYxTMH1e47vf9DP8vVU7sU50U.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Steele (Billy the Kid)", "Louise Currie (Molly Fitzgerald)", "Al St. John (Fuzzy Jones)", "Carleton Young (Jeff Travis)", "John Merton (Lije Ellis)", "Joe McGuinn (Pete Morgan)", "Ted Adams (Sam Daly)", "Walter McGrail (Judge Fitzgerald)", "Hal Price (Sheriff Long)", "Kenne Duncan (Dave Hendricks (as Ken Duncan))", "Reed Howes (Henchman Whitey)", "George Chesebro (Henchman Tex Carson (as George Cheseboro))", "Steve Clark (Shorty Rice)", "Budd Buster (Bartender Clem (as Bud Buster))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}