{"tmdb_id": 246741, "title": "Vampires en toute intimit\u00e9", "original_title": "What We Do in the Shadows", "slug_title": "vampires-en-toute-intimite", "date": "2014-06-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Les vampires Viago (379 ans), Deacon (183 ans), Vladislav (862 ans) et Peter (8 000 ans) partagent un appartement \u00e0 Wellington, en Nouvelle-Z\u00e9lande. Malheureusement pour eux, et \u00e0 cause de leur irr\u00e9pressible besoin de s\u2019alimenter en sang, ils ont du mal \u00e0 se faire des amis ou \u00e0 maintenir en vie des relations qui leur permettraient de fr\u00e9quenter les \u00e9tablissements branch\u00e9s de la ville. Sans vie sociale, ces cr\u00e9atures de la nuit arriveront-elles \u00e0 surmonter leurs diff\u00e9rences et s\u2019adapter ainsi au monde moderne ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4bqqrtzY9vVQeEcqyqWfTJWmpD9.jpg", "actors": ["Taika Waititi (Viago)", "Jemaine Clement (Vladislav)", "Jonny Brugh (Deacon)", "Cori Gonzalez-Macuer (Nick)", "Stuart Rutherford (Stu)", "Ben Fransham (Petyr)", "Jackie van Beek (Jackie)", "Elena Stejko (Pauline (The Beast))", "Jason Hoyte (Julian)", "Karen O'Leary (Policewoman)", "Mike Minogue (Policeman)", "Chelsie Preston Crayford (Josephine)", "Ian Harcourt (Zombie)", "Ethel Robinson (Katherine)", "Brad Harding (Vampire Hunter)", "Isaac Heron (Fix Attendant)", "Yvette Parsons (Vampire Witch / MC)", "Madeleine Sami (Morana)", "Aaron Jackson (Club Bouncer)", "Morgana Hills (Child Vampire)", "Morag Hills (Child Vampire)", "Frank Habicht (Phillip)", "Moose Kapua (Big Kumara Bouncer)", "Denis Welch (Hypnotised Man / Vladislav's Victim)", "Mario Gaoa (Bouncer Richie)", "Kura Forrester (Viago's Victim)", "Luke Bonjers (Vladislav's Victim)", "Rhys Darby (Anton - Werewolf)", "Simon Vincent (Dion - Werewolf)", "Cohen Holloway (Clifton - Werewolf)", "Duncan Sarkies (Declan - Werewolf)", "Nathan Meister (Nathan M - Werewolf)", "Tanemahuta Gray (Nathan G - Werewolf)", "Nathan Gray (Nathan G - Werewolf)", "Ruby Vincent (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Jaxon Cook (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Matthew Harvey-White (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Matt Dravitzki (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Roland Hunter (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Stan Alley (WW2 Nazi Vampire Extra)", "Lucy Marinkavich (Succubus)", "Melanie Hamilton (Succubus)", "Ana Flaherty (Succubus)", "Aaron Lewis (Zombie)", "Belle Gwilliam (Zombie)", "Rodney Cook (Mauled Cameraman (Dave))", "Jennifer Martin (Tracy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The video document of the life of the vampires.\r\n\r\nA documentary style horror comedy based on the short film of the same name by the same directors. I would say it is an interview with the vampires in the Kiwi style. The film follows a group of vampires living in an old mansion and their everyday routine, including how they manage to get blood and confrontation with other mutants are documented.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a wonderful comedy, but feels like a mix of 'Dark Shadows' and 'Addams Family'. The title implies the nightlife of these creatures, especially adapting the modern way of lifestyle. So their exploration begins here for their video document. Being different is how much struggle is what the film focused. Threats from various quarters and getting over from every disastrous event is revealed.\r\n\r\nQuite an interesting vampire film with the awesome characters and of course the entire film was shot in the dark time. It is not a clich\u00e9, but just a spoof of the typical vampire theme. Cleverly written screenplay and direction with the well supported performances. Looks like many people had loved it, I'm slightly on the different side that I enjoyed watching it but did not like much. Because I have seen better film in the similar concept. So I still recommend it because it is worth a watch.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'What We Do In The Shadows' is an hilarious mockumentary film by the makers of 'Flight of the Conchords'. The movie is filed with brilliant homages and references to vampire films such as 'The Lost Boys', 'Twilight' and 'Let The Right One In'.\r\n\r\nThe directorial style is very similar to the hit TV show 'The Office' as it is able to create humour in the realism and personal interviews and monologues. This method also allows it to be genuinely scary at times such as when we meet the housemate inspired by 'Nosferatu'. The extreme and realistic gore also comes across as very brutal and juxtaposes the silly gags. \r\n\r\nThe actors are all very good. Dead pan. Great delivery.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [371645, 46838, 313922, 188166], "youtube_key": "WBly4AfHc3c"}