{"tmdb_id": 246724, "title": "Cattle Stampede", "original_title": "Cattle Stampede", "slug_title": "cattle-stampede", "date": "1943-08-16", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Billy the Kid (Buster Crabbe) and Fuzzy Jones (Al St. John) are on their way out of Arizona being chased by some riders who hope to cash in on the reward money for their capture. They are warned in time by Ed Dawson (Hansel Warner), but Ed is wounded in the getaway. They get a doctor (John Elliott) to attend to Ed. The latter tells them there is a range war in progress across the border and that he is looking for men to help make a cattle drive to the rail junction. Agreeing to help, they head for the Dawson ranch and run across a Dawson man who has been killed from ambush. Mary Dawson (Frances Gladwin), Ed's sister, thinks they did it but they convince her of their innocence. The news of the killing causes ranch foreman Brandon (Charles King), secretly working for the rustlers, to try and get the rest of the Dawson hands to quit, but Billy intercedes and agrees to take the cattle through for Sam Dawson (Ed Cassidy)...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eTZAw06Q2Rv7BxmnvVIRxujCGGA.jpg", "actors": ["Buster Crabbe (Billy the Kid)", "Al St. John (Fuzzy Q. Jones (as Al 'Fuzzy' St. John))", "Frances Gladwin (Mary Dawson)", "Charles King (Brandon - Henchman)", "Ed Cassidy (Sam Dawson)", "Hansel Warner (Ed Dawson (as Hansel Werner))", "Ray Bennett (Stone)", "Frank Ellis (Elkins - Henchman (as Frank Ellie))", "Steve Clark (Turner - Henchman)", "Roy Brent (Slater - Henchman)", "John Elliott (Dr. George Arnold)", "Budd Buster (Rancher Jensen - Kelly's Pal)", "Ted Adams (Townsman)", "Hank Bell (Stagecoach Driver)", "Roy Bucko (Henchman)", "Tex Cooper (Townsman)", "Art Dillard (Henchman)", "Curley Dresden (Henchman)", "Herman Hack (Dawson Cowhand)", "Reed Howes (Dan Kelly)", "Ray Jones (Spectator)", "Eddie Juaregui (Henchman)", "Carl Mathews (Henchman)", "Frank McCarroll (Brawler)", "George Morrell (Rancher)", "Tex Parker (Cowhand)", "Edward Peil Sr. (Banker)", "Rose Plumer (Townswoman)", "Hal Price (Townsman)", "Glenn Strange (Boss Coulter)", "Wally West (Rider)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}