{"tmdb_id": 246860, "title": "Sils Maria", "original_title": "Clouds of Sils Maria", "slug_title": "sils-maria", "date": "2014-08-20", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 dix-huit ans, Maria Enders a connu le succ\u00e8s au th\u00e9\u00e2tre en incarnant Sigrid, jeune fille ambitieuse et au charme trouble qui conduit au suicide une femme plus m\u00fbre, Helena. Vingt ans plus tard on lui propose de reprendre cette pi\u00e8ce, mais cette fois de l'autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 du miroir, dans le r\u00f4le d'Helena...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eEfWvqB4ELDFij5GOWF9GDX1oXA.jpg", "actors": ["Juliette Binoche (Maria Enders)", "Kristen Stewart (Valentine)", "Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Jo-Ann Ellis)", "Lars Eidinger (Klaus Diesterweg)", "Johnny Flynn (Christopher Giles)", "Brady Corbet (Piers Roaldson)", "Hanns Zischler (Henryk Wald)", "Angela Winkler (Rosa Melchior)", "Nora von Waldst\u00e4tten (Actress in Sci-Fi movie)", "Aljoscha Stadelmann (Urs Kobler)", "Claire Tran (Maria's London assistant)", "Stuart Manashil (Maria's agent)", "P\u00e9ter Farkas (Journalist in Z\u00fcrich)", "Ben Posener (Journalist in London)", "Ricardia Bramley (Talk show host)", "Luise Berndt (Urs' assistant)", "Gilles Tschudi (Mayor of Z\u00fcrich)", "Beno\u00eft Peverelli (Berndt)", "Caroline De Maigret (Chanel PR)", "Arnold Gramara (Waldhaus concierge)", "Sean McDonagh (London theater assistant)", "Valery Bukreev (Wilhelm Melchior)", "Katrin Schmidt (Dorothea Von Duisburg)", "Phoebe Lin (Cello player (concert at the Waldhaus))", "Katarzyna Nawrotek (Violin player (concert at the Waldhaus))", "David Seghezzo (Oboe player (concert at the Waldhaus))", "Claire-Anne Piguet (Harpsichord player (concert at the Waldhaus))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The actors and their generation difference, evolution of cinema and the beauty of nature.**\r\n\r\nThis is about a middle aged actress who spends in the Swiss Alps with her personal assistant while preparing for the upcoming project. During that time, she receives a news that the author of the book which was adapted for the screen 20 years ago where she play a main role and now in its remake, she's doing another part, while a young sensation playing the main part. This is more like the evolution of cinema. The 20 years is too soon for her, while the cinema and its trend advanced rapidly. Precisely to say, the commercial films and young actors taking over the art films and true artists' places respectively.\r\n\r\nIf you at least 30 years old, you would get this film more than others. Because while I was growing up in the 90s, the cinema was so different. I'm not talking about the technology like computer graphics, but the story and how it was narrated for the screen. Now the science- fiction and dystopian themes taking over with the young audience and social media support. I think it was a quite meaningful film, particularly if you adore films like the recent evolution in cinema was so faster than ever.\r\n\r\nThe negatives were, the film was too long, slow pace and too simple drama. The positives were, the actors and their performances, the locations, theme and some of the dialogues. Directed by a French filmmaker, this is an international project with a few guest appearances. Most of the film was set in the Alps. Totally different than what I was anticipating, but I still like, except in a few parts where I got bored for its weak development. So this is for the selected audience, that mean it will be appreciated by a very few and I'm kind of neutral with mostly in its favour.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Max Tyrone", "content": "On the way to accept an award from the playwright that discovered her - the very same man who suddenly passes away before the ceremony - acclaimed actress, Maria Enders, is forced to reconcile both her age and her role in contemporary art. While rehearsing for a role, of which she has no choice taking due to her age, she has to reckon with the young actress playing her old role.\r\n\r\nThis is a slow-paced movie, that is, it takes its time revealing the deteriorating confidence of an aging actress. What accentuates her strife are the locations: the lonesome mountains, long winding roads, both straddled by rolling, ground-smothering fog and clouds. Great lingering shots and cinematography eases the eye, as Maria rehearses and incrementally loses her mind with her young assistant, Valentine. Although her assistant attempts to defend what her boss deems as insufficient art (or cinema) and unprofessional (particularly the young costar of the upcoming play), Maria threshes with the stifling fact that her roles - both her role in the play and in the world of art - are changing without her control or consideration. \r\n\r\nThe acting in this film is commendable, with a solid performance from Juliette Binoche (as always) and a surprising effort from Kristen Stewart. These two carry the movie with palpable chemistry - so much so that every turn in their relationship dictates not only the environment of the film, but also the audience.\r\n\r\nThis film is for the patient, and for those who don't mind huge questions."}], "recommandations_id": [157851, 340487, 221902, 309245]}