{"tmdb_id": 24716, "title": "Horrors of War", "original_title": "Horrors of War", "slug_title": "horrors-of-war", "date": "2006-03-25", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "2.3/10", "synopsis": "HORRORS OF WAR derives from the \"B\" movie, Grindhouse tradition, made to play like a like a midnight movie. It is an independently-produced film made in a B-movie style, yet with a dramatic grounding and an eye toward bigger production values.......FILM SYNOPSIS: 'Feeling the pressure from Allied advance, Hitler unleashes his secret weapons giving rise to a type of warfare the world has never seen. Throughout the European theater of WWII, Lieutenant John Schmidt comes face to face with these \"weapons.\" The Office of Strategic Services (O.S.S., precursor to the C.I.A.) initiates missions behind enemy lines to find the source of the weapons terrorizing U.S. soldiers fighting the Third Reich. Schmidt is joined by Captain Joe Russo and his group of war-hardened GIs who have experienced for themselves the all-too-real horrors of war in battle. Together, they must find and destroy Hitler's horde of nightmare weapons before his horrific vision can be fully realized", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/awhXYB2YoWQJToMTPx2DaYIKJ2M.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Osbeck (Lieutenant John Schmidt)", "Joe Lorenzo (Captain Joe Russo)", "Daniel Alan Kiely (Sgt. Stephen Gary)", "C. Alec Rossel (Capt. Mitchell / Super Soldier #2)", "David Carroll (Dr. Heinrich Schaltur)", "Chip Kocel (Cpl. Simpson)", "Kim Carey (Col. Parks)", "Sean Velie (Sgt. \"Dimm\" Dennison)", "Jason Morris (Pvt. Underwood)", "Louie Cowan (Sergeant Armstrong)", "Milan A. Cargould (Cpl. Rueber)", "Brandy Seymour (Yvette)", "Megan Pillar (Claire)", "Micah Jenkins (Pvt. Byrnes)", "Joseph Shaw (French Wereman / Werewolf)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [70021, 128917, 26678, 55681], "youtube_key": "notfound"}