{"tmdb_id": 24736, "title": "Kalahari", "original_title": "A Far Off Place", "slug_title": "kalahari", "date": "1993-03-12", "genre": ["Drame / Aventure"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Nonnie Parker, une jeune fille, vit avec ses parents dans une ferme en Afrique du Sud. Elle fait la connaissance de Harry Winslow, un jeune gar\u00e7on venu de New York avec ses parents. Le drame va surgir dans la ferme de la famille Parker, lorsque les parents de Nonnie et de Harry sont tu\u00e9s par des chasseurs d'ivoire, rendent ainsi les deux enfants orphelins. Aussit\u00f4t traqu\u00e9s par ces braconniers et loin des villes, Nonnie et Harry vont devoir traverser plus de 2000 km de d\u00e9sert dans le Kalahari avec l'aide de Xhabbo, un Bochiman.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5zP6zkZjHasC32GO7S64emGpO5w.jpg", "actors": ["Reese Witherspoon (Nonnie Parker)", "Ethan Embry (Harry Winslow)", "Jack Thompson (John Ricketts)", "Sarel Bok (Xhabbo)", "Robert John Burke (Paul Parker)", "Patricia Kalember (Elizabeth Parker)", "Daniel Gerroll (John Winslow)", "Maximilian Schell (Col. Mopani Theron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The Kalahari adventure!\r\n\r\nIf you are a Disney live-action film fan, you won't disappoint with it. It comes between the regular Disney films and Disney nature films. It sets in somewhere in the Namibia and takes us with to a great adventure which is more like a documentary film than a film with a story. Actually, there was a small story, mostly on the opening and the end part and the rest of the film was a foot journey like 'The Way Back'. Based on the book of the same name about a girl and a boy who team up with a bushman to cross the Kalahari desert after their family was attacked by the poachers.\r\n\r\nI did not know anything about it, so I expected nothing. But I thought of 'The Gods Must be Crazy', since it is not a comedy, I prepared for something new. I really liked the film, but not that much. Spectacular African landscapes, and awesome performances by everyone. I would have loved it if a few more wild animals participated in it, after all African flavour means that's what we all anticipate, especially the children. So from that perspective, it is slightly a disappointment, but not much. Other than that it is a fine family film from a trusted production house.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [103777, 206321, 109167, 290162], "youtube_key": "DDe-OvUWM-A"}