{"tmdb_id": 247809, "title": "Short Walk to Daylight", "original_title": "Short Walk to Daylight", "slug_title": "short-walk-to-daylight", "date": "1972-10-24", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/18chTTtPfMkVlZPN7pEbjF1xooD.jpg", "actors": ["James Brolin ()", "James McEachin ()", "Abbey Lincoln ()", "Don Mitchell ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A forgotten disaster flick; and one of the first of the 70s \r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 1972 and directed by Barry Shear, \"Short Walk to Daylight\" chronicles events when eight people struggle to make it out of the dark tunnels of the New York subway system after an apparent earthquake.\r\n\r\nAlthough \u201cAirport\u201d (1970) is considered the first \u2018disaster film\u2019 of the 70s, it was \u201cThe Poseidon Adventure\u201d (1972) that drove the craze home and honed the genre, leading to movies like \u201cEarthquake\u201d (1974), \u201cThe Towering Inferno\u201d (1974), \u201cRollercoaster\u201d (1977) and \u201cMeteor\u201d (1979). \u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d had a similar plot to \u201cThe Poseidon Adventure,\u201d both featuring a small group of people trying to escape a disaster and not all making it. But \"Short Walk to Daylight\" debuted on TV seven weeks BEFORE \"The Poseidon Adventure\" was released in theaters. \u201cShort Walk\u201d came out October 24, 1972, while \u201cPoseidon\u201d debuted December 13th.\r\n\r\nDespite this, \u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d is actually the knock-off. What happened is this: Producers caught wind of the big production of \u201cThe Poseidon Adventure\u201d and rushed to take advantage of the situation by producing a low-budget movie with a similar plot. This happens all the time to this day. Yet you can\u2019t really call \u201cShort Walk\u201d a \u2018knock-off\u2019 since the disaster is so radically different. Plus \u201cShort Walk\u201d doesn\u2019t have a whiz kid.\r\n\r\nThe later wannabe blockbuster \u201cDaylight\u201d (1996) used \u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d as a blueprint. I much prefer \"Short Walk\" myself, which is more realistic. \u201cDaylight,\u201d as I remember, was a typical overblown Stallone action flick, which isn't to say it's worthless; it's just not gritty realistic like \"Short Walk.\"\r\n\r\nThe appeal of movies like \u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d and \u201cThe Poseidon Adventure\u201d is that they bring ordinary people from different walks of life together in a confined setting wherein they are forced to work together to survive. None of them are heroes and they\u2019re all flawed in some manner, but they mostly rise to the challenge and formulate working relationships, even if they\u2019re undeclared \u2018adversaries\u2019 in normal life. The macho police officer who tries too hard (James Brolin) and the \u2018cool\u2019 black dude, Al (Don Mitchell), are a prime example.\r\n\r\n\u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d is probably too low-key for most modern viewers, but there\u2019s some decent (melo)drama and it works up some quality suspense in the last half hour. I found myself caring and rooting for the protagonists. But it\u2019s too small of a movie to rival the superb \u201cThe Poseidon Adventure\u201d (the original). Plus it fails to take advantage of its feminine resources as \u201cPoseidon\u201d excellently did. Speaking of the women, you might remember Laurette Spang, who plays the druggie\u2019s babe, Sandy, as Cassiopeia from the original Battlestar Galatica (1978-1979). At the end of the day \u201cShort Walk to Daylight\u201d is a fairly effective disaster flick in its subdued, realistic way, although it\u2019s hampered by flashes of contrived melodrama. The on-location sets are quite impressive.\r\n\r\nTHE ORIGINAL TELECAST VERSION RUNS 1 hour, 13 minutes (with a 1 hour, 8 minutes version currently available on Youtube). I should add that there was a syndicated version that came around in the 80s, which contained additional footage about terrorists who caused the disaster with explosives, which bulked up the runtime to about 90 minutes. This unnecessary subplot bogged the film down. LOCATIONS: Brooklyn, New York City. WRITERS: Philip H. Reisman Jr. and Gerald Di Pego wrote the teleplay from Edward Montagne\u2019s story.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": []}