{"tmdb_id": 24790, "title": "Le Mors Aux Dents", "original_title": "The Rounders", "slug_title": "le-mors-aux-dents", "date": "1965-01-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Deux cowboys, Ben et Howdy, essayent de s'enrichir en dressant des chevaux sauvages ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bbduN2TViCThV1I3fzL3V6ebSq9.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Ben Jones)", "Henry Fonda (Marion 'Howdy' Lewis)", "Hope Holiday (Sister)", "Chill Wills (Jim Ed Love)", "Edgar Buchanan (Vince Moore)", "Kathleen Freeman (Agatha Moore)", "Joan Freeman (Meg Moore)", "Denver Pyle (Bull)", "Barton MacLane (Tanner)", "Doodles Weaver (Arlee)", "Allegra Varron (Mrs. Norson)", "Casey Tibbs (Rafe)", "Sue Ane Langdon (Mary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Howdy, it comes to me that we ain't exactly the smartest cowboys that ever lived.\r\n\r\nThe Rounders is directed by Burt Kennedy and Kennedy adapts the screenplay from Max Evans' novel. Music is by Jeff Alexander and cinematography by Paul Vogel. It stars Glenn Ford, Henry Fonda, Sue Ane Langdon, Hope Holiday, Chill Wills and Edgar Buchanan.\r\n\r\nTwo ageing bronco-busting rounders get into (mis)adventures with a crafty old equine along for the ride... \r\n\r\nIt's one of those films that has amiable blood coursing through its veins. We are in very good company with Ford and Fonda, two likable and most reliable veterans of the silver screen, and crucially it looks like they are having fun - and it's infectious. Teamed up with a splendid comedy horse who gets up to mischief when ever possible, the boys also find some sexy lady love interests that puts a nice little risqu\u00e9 cheek on things, cheek actually being a very literal word at times.\r\n\r\nTechnically it's a very good production. Filmed in Metrocolor/Panavision, the vistas are superbly photographed by Vogel, with Arizona locations including Coconino National Forest, Red Rock Crossing, San Francisco Peaks and Village of Oak Creek. The stunt work is high quality, well shot by the wily Western movie veteran Kennedy, while Alexander's musical compositions have the desired jolification. Rounding off is a splendid and comforting support cast that sees Denver Pyle joining Buchanan and Wills for further Western genre reassurance. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [153228, 23525, 167262, 32029], "youtube_key": "q2geg23z4Ts"}