{"tmdb_id": 248001, "title": "Buck Rogers", "original_title": "Buck Rogers", "slug_title": "buck-rogers", "date": "1939-04-10", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Buck Rogers and Buddy Wade are in the middle of a trans-polar dirigible flight when they are caught in a blizzard and crash. Buddy then releases a special gas to keep them in suspended animation until a rescue party can arrive. However, an avalanche covers the craft and the two are in suspended animation for 500 years. When they are found, they awake to find out that the world has been taken over by the outlaw army of Killer Kane. Along with Lieutenant Wilma Deering, Buck and Buddy join in the fight to overthrow Kane and with the help of Prince Tallen of Saturn and his forces, they eventually do and Earth is free of Kane's grip.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ovHjMM3nrNWwcSfHkn0w6Yuwx9w.jpg", "actors": ["Buster Crabbe (Buck Rogers)", "Constance Moore (Wilma Deering)", "Jackie Moran (George 'Buddy' Wade)", "Anthony Warde (Killer Kane)", "C. Montague Shaw (Prof. Huer)", "William Gould (Air Marshal Kragg)", "Philson Ahn (Prince Tallen)", "Guy Usher (Aldar)", "Henry Brandon (Capt. Laska)", "Wheeler Oakman (Lt. Patten)", "Kenne Duncan (Lt. Lacy)", "Jack Mulhall (Capt. Rankin)", "Reed Howes (Capt. Roberts)", "Carleton Young (Scott)", "Karl Hackett (Councillor Krenko)", "John Harmon (Hidden City Air Controller)", "Wade Boteler (Prof. Wade)", "Al Bridge (Dynamo Room Floor Guard)", "Roy Butler (Control Officer)", "Eddy Chandler (Captain of Dirigible)", "Lane Chandler (Army Official at Wade's Lab)", "Russ Clark (Lt. Carson)", "James Conaty (Kane Councilman)", "Cyril Delevanti (Saturnian Councilman)", "Frank Ellis (Kane Soldier)", "Jack Gardner (Prof. Huer's Lab Assistant)", "Kenneth Harlan (Reporter at Wade's Lab)", "Ben Lewis (Cell Guard (uncredited))", "Theodore Lorch (Kane's Council Member)", "Edmund Mortimer (Member of War Council)", "Eddie Parker (Council-Room Guard)", "Stanley Price (Capt. Martin / Zugg Man)", "David Sharpe (Kane Pilot / Hidden City Sentry / Saturnian Lieutenant)", "Tom Steele (Kane Pilot / Hidden City Tech / Balcony Guard)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}