{"tmdb_id": 24831, "title": "Piranha", "original_title": "Piranha", "slug_title": "piranha", "date": "1978-08-03", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un nouvelle esp\u00e8ce de piranhas cr\u00e9\u00e9e par l'arm\u00e9e, capable de vivre en eau douce et en eau sal\u00e9e, est accidentellement rel\u00e2ch\u00e9e dans un fleuve durant l'\u00e9t\u00e9. Le carnage commence...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1zLfxqSYYUggjWnSeBqNaRSqLmC.jpg", "actors": ["Bradford Dillman (Paul Grogan)", "Heather Menzies (Maggie McKeown)", "Kevin McCarthy (Dr. Robert Hoak)", "Dick Miller (Buck Gardner)", "Barbara Steele (Dr. Mengers)", "Keenan Wynn (Jack)", "Belinda Balaski (Betsy)", "Melody Thomas Scott (Laura Dickinson)", "Bruce Gordon (Colonel Waxman)", "Barry Brown (Trooper)", "Paul Bartel (Mr. Dumont)", "Shannon Collins (Suzie Grogan)", "Shawn Nelson (Whitney)", "Richard Deacon (Earl Lyon)", "Janie Squire (Barbara Randolph)", "Roger Richman (David)", "Guich Koock (TV Pitchman)", "Eric Braeden (Swimming Double)", "Joe Dante (Scuba Diver)", "Amy Holden Jones (Hertz Clerk)", "Phil Tippett (Scuba Diver)", "John Sayles (Army Sentry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not a terrible film, but there was a remake in the 90s with the exact same story featuring better acting and better effects, so you can probably skip straight ahead to that one. Now I know that if I had been around when that remake came out, I'd probably be the first in line to complain \"Why'd you even bother? It's just the first movie over again!\", but seeing as I watched them both in retrospect, I can ignore the fact that I'm being a total hypocrite and move right ahead to recommending you just watch the remake.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Adventuresome and fun \"Jaws\" homage with far superior women \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1978 and directed by Joe Dante, \u201cPiranha\u201d chronicles events when genetically-enhanced piranha are accidently released into a river system in central Texas, which threaten kids & counselors at a Summer Camp and vacationers at a lake resort. A spirited skip tracer (Heather Menzies) and a backwoods drunkard (Bradford Dillman) team-up to save the swimmers. Kevin McCarthy and Barbara Steele play military scientists who experimented with the escaped piranha.\r\n\r\nWhile \"Piranha\" is sort of a \"Jaws\" (1975) knockoff, it\u2019s different enough to not be a rip-off:  The story takes place in a river system deep in the mainland and not the ocean; the \u2018monster\u2019 consists of teams of little vicious fish rather than a huge Great White Shark; the beach sequences involve quaint campground-like beaches rather than major ocean beaches; unlike \u201cJaws,\u201d there\u2019s a focus on alluring young women, although \u201cJaws 2\u201d (1978) delivered the goods in this area as well; there\u2019s more of a sense of adventure and even suspense; and the tone mixes-in amusing elements with the horrific mayhem.\r\n\r\nAs inferred, the picture is highlighted by several quality females with curvy Belinda Balaski (from \"The Howling\") and cutie Melody Thomas Scott (from The Young and the Restless) featured in prominent roles. Moreover, voluptuous Janie Squire has some worthy screen time in the prologue. There are superb women in the periphery as well. Interestingly, the 2010 quasi-remake, \u201cPiranha 3D,\u201d took the sleaze route with loads of nudity, but the women are ironically hotter here, not to mention the film\u2019s all-around more entertaining.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE IS LEAN and filler-free at 93 minutes and was shot along a river near San Marcos in the heart of Texas, Northeast of San Antonio. WRITERS: John Sayles and Richard Robinson.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [31646, 11298, 24124, 33518]}