{"tmdb_id": 248574, "title": "Secret Agency", "original_title": "Barely Lethal", "slug_title": "secret-agency", "date": "2015-04-30", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Megan, 16 ans, a \u00e9t\u00e9 recrut\u00e9e et form\u00e9e par un agent des op\u00e9rations sp\u00e9ciales pour \u00e9liminer de dangereux criminels. Pour devenir une adolescente comme les autres, Megan d\u00e9cide de dispara\u00eetre en simulant sa mort. Mais ce qui l'attend dans la \"vraie\" vie ne sera pas de tout repos.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/huIiEiDb7H8SyP0vj8XvEs0TBdv.jpg", "actors": ["Hailee Steinfeld (Megan Walsh)", "Sophie Turner (Heather)", "Jessica Alba (Victoria Knox)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Hardman)", "Dove Cameron (Liz Larson)", "Thomas Mann (Roger Marcus)", "Toby Sebastian (Cash Fenton)", "Gabriel Basso (Gooch)", "Jaime King (Special Analyst Knight)", "Rob Huebel (Mr. Marcus)", "Rachael Harris (Mrs. Larson)", "Dan Fogler (Mr. Drumm)", "Jason Ian Drucker (Parker Larson)", "Alexandra Krosney (Cindy)", "Finesse Mitchell (Principal Weissman)", "Emma Holzer (Donna)", "Bruno Gunn (Henchman Jones)", "Steve-O (Pedro)", "Kathrine Herzer (Melinda)", "Autumn Dial (Missy)", "Thom Bishops (Mr. Bishops)", "Lo Bishop (Clare)", "Annie Park (A.J.)", "Kate Kneeland (Coach Hughes)", "Cameron Fuller (Leonard Steinman)", "Daniel Spink (Henchman Davey)", "Madeleine Stack (Megan (8))", "Eva G. Cooper (Heather (8))", "Andre Pushkin (Man on Subway)", "Devin Marcus Miller (Heckler #1)", "Isabella Amara (Heckler #2)", "Demetrius Bridges (Jock #1)", "Michael Provost (Jock #2)", "Christopher Nathan Miller (Fred the Freshman)", "Challee Johnson (Waffles Girl)", "Lola Nicholson (High School Student (uncredited))", "Marina Voruz (High School Student)", "Camry Brault (Prescott Student (uncredited))", "Kaitlyn Ervin (High School Student (uncredited))", "Abigail Gamache (High School Student (uncredited))", "Ian Gregg (Second Guy (uncredited))", "Christian Hebel (Fake Mr. Lawson (uncredited))", "Dana Langshaw (High School Student (uncredited))", "Grace Langshaw (High School Student (uncredited))", "Sherod Ogletree (Gooch Friend (uncredited))", "Tyler j Phillips (Party Guy (uncredited))", "Brittany Savoie (High School Student (uncredited))", "Algee Smith (Jock (uncredited))", "Lauren Emily Townsend (Party Goer (uncredited))", "Bryn Vale (Prescott Student (uncredited))", "Kristin Ward (Kissing Couple (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is absolutely ludicrous! The core of the story is simply unbelievable. However, this is movie meant to entertain and I dare say that the target audience is not exactly my age. This is clearly a teenage movie. Well, I guess that there is still a bit of a child in me because I found it rather entertaining even though, with a bit less \u201cHollywoodish\u201d and more intelligent directing it could have been a lot better.\r\n\r\nI would say that this is a quite nice family movie. Well not for the really young of course due to the amount of action. Saying that this is a family movie is probably going to annoy a lot of people in the \u201cbible belt\u201d due to previously mentioned action as well as the fact that there is a bit of partying going on, including consumption of fermented and even distilled beverages on but hey, I am Swedish, when I was a kid, way too long ago, there was not a teenager around that had not tasted HB which is the Swedish term for \u201cHembr\u00e4nt\u201d or in English home brewed alcohol.\r\n\r\nAnyway, unless you are a moral fanatic, there is really not much to be upset about in this movie apart from the laughably ludicrous story. Kids being trained as assassins from young age. Ehh, okay. Could have been half plausible if it was not for the \u201ctraining\u201d scenes in the beginning of the movie. Toddlers operating machine guns and driving cars like Vin Diesel? Okay, maybe they were just above toddler age but I was laughing so hard it was difficult to judge.\r\n\r\nWhat follows is pretty much without surprises (if you have read the blurb at least). Our heroin goes to school and, deprived of a normal childhood, finds it not so easy as she perhaps imagined. Here is where I feel there are a lot of missed opportunities. Our teenage assassin never really gets to truly impress. Sure, she gets to do a bit of clobbering but it is constantly hidden in a veil of ridicule. With a more intelligent script writer this could have been a really cool part but as it plays itself out it is just \u201cokayishly\u201d funny.\r\n\r\nNaturally a few bad guys arrive in order to crash the party and, well, we get a bit more of the same as before just with some more action. The action is not bad, for this kind of movie at least, that has to be said. Unfortunately the way it plays itself out is a wee bit disappointing. It is just unintelligent. The beginning of the movie seemed to hint that these teenagers were trained in all areas, including the grey cells, but certain scenes where just, \u201cI cannot believe that you were that stupid\u201d, and for the record I have a teenage son that made the same remarks!\r\n\r\nNevertheless it was indeed a quite entertaining movie. Far from great but definitely worth watching."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**For some people, living a normal life is a challenge!**\r\n\r\nTeen girl's film, but no usual romance-comedy. There are some small clich\u00e9s, but being it is an action film, those parts looked kind of small. Yeah, nice casting. Hailee was really cool. The 'Descendant' girl Dove was good as well. The rest of cameos like Samuel L. Jackson and Alba was fine. It was from the director of 'Fanboys'. It tells the story of a girl trained to be an assassin from a very young age who escapes the centre to live a normal life in the real world. And that's where she struggles to blend in, as well as to overcome from the tailing troubles of the past.\r\n\r\nA well entertaining film, if you are not expecting anything big. It got a few great action sequences. Except Sam L. Jack, it is totally a chick film and most probably suitable for everyone for viewing. I enjoyed it, but I don't think I want a sequel for it. Particularly business wise that won't do well as this one was not received well by the film critics. Despite I approve it for a go, the rating wise it is just an average film. Sometimes that's where opinion divides for a film about what we felt watching it and how we're going to rate it later on.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [268920, 203739, 290764, 82679]}