{"tmdb_id": 24863, "title": "Un mariage compliqu\u00e9", "original_title": "Holiday Affair", "slug_title": "un-mariage-complique", "date": "1949-12-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Connie est une jeune et ravissante veuve qui \u00e9l\u00e8ve seule Timmy, son fils de 6 ans. Pour No\u00ebl, Timmy voudrait un train pour cadeau. Afin de g\u00e2ter son fils, Connie se rend dans un magasin o\u00f9 elle rencontre Steve, un vendeur. Ce dernier, tombant sous le charme de sa cliente, d\u00e9pense son propre argent pour offrir ce jouet tant d\u00e9sir\u00e9, mais si cher...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p3AVqopfCBpo2Vjg269GNZWfSLB.jpg", "actors": ["Janet Leigh (Connie Ennis)", "Robert Mitchum (Steve Mason)", "Wendell Corey (Carl Davis)", "Gordon Gebert (Timmy Ennis)", "Griff Barnett (Mr. Ennis)", "Esther Dale (Mrs. Ennis)", "Henry O'Neill (Mr. Crowley)", "Harry Morgan (Police Lieutenant)", "Larry J. Blake (Plainclothesman)", "Helen Brown (Crowley's Secretary Emily)", "Chick Chandler (New Year's Celebrant (uncredited))", "James Griffith (Crowley's Floorwalker (uncredited))", "Jack Kelly (Drunk on Train (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All anybody wants is for you to live in the present and not be afraid of the future.\r\n\r\nDirected by Don Hartman and written by Isobel Lennart and John D. Weaver, Holiday Affair stars Robert Mitchum, Janet Leigh and Wendell Corey. Story finds Leigh as Connie, a widower with a young son still trying to get over the death of her husband. Semi-courting the safe and reliable Carl (Corey), Connie's head is spun when she meets the more macho and up-front Steve (Mitchum). This is all she needs at Christmas time!\r\n\r\nA lovely Christmas Cracker of a movie, Holiday Affair never over eggs the eggnog with the love triangle axis beating at the core story. The spectre of grief is a prominent character here, where thankfully the writers have come up with a smart and respectful screenplay that's blessed with quality actors able to make the script have resonance.\r\n\r\nThe seasonal staging is delightful, especially when involving a white coated Central Park. Comedy is also rife, none more so than during a court hearing sequence when Harry Morgan pops in to add his delightful wry skills. The wonder of toys and trees, of snow and ice, of families and love, all come together in a seasonal film that should be on every movie lovers list of Xmas films to see. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31445, 20298, 111642, 89723], "youtube_key": "KZDQWM8Hsx8"}