{"tmdb_id": 249134, "title": "Qui est le tra\u00eetre?", "original_title": "Tumbleweed", "slug_title": "qui-est-le-traitre", "date": "1953-12-09", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Jim Harvey est engag\u00e9 pour garder un petit wagon de train comme il fait son chemin \u00e0 l'ouest. Le train est attaqu\u00e9 par les Indiens et Harvey, dans l'espoir de persuader Aguila, le chef, d'appeler l'attaque en raison de Harvey avoir sauv\u00e9 la vie de son fils, quitte le train pour n\u00e9gocier. Il est captur\u00e9 et le reste du train est effac\u00e9, sauf pour deux s\u0153urs. \u00c9chapper et montrant en ville plus tard, Harvey est presque pendu comme d\u00e9serteur, mais se \u00e9loigne. Finalement, pris par le sh\u00e9rif et son posse, ils sont attaqu\u00e9s par les Indiens. Cette fois, les Indiens sont battus et Aguila, captur\u00e9s et mourir, r\u00e9v\u00e8le l'identit\u00e9 de l'homme blanc qui machin\u00e9 l'attaque initiale sur le wagon de train, tout comme l'auteur monte derri\u00e8re eux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k5cTu7TX1oWF6CqiZvrGplw23gE.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Jim Harvey)", "Chill Wills (Sheriff Murchoree)", "Lori Nelson (Laura Saunders)", "Russell Johnson (Lam Blanden)", "Roy Roberts (Nick Buckley)", "Ralph Moody (Aquila)", "Ross Elliott (Seth Blanden)", "K.T. Stevens (Louella Buckley)", "Lee Van Cleef (Marv)", "Eugene Iglesias (Tigre)", "Madge Meredith (Sarah Blanden)", "King Donovan (Mack)", "Phil Chambers (Ross)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Ted)", "Lyle Talbot (Max Weber)", "Harry Harvey (Prospector)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A man\u2019s best friend is his horse.\r\n\r\nTumbleweed is directed by Nathan Juran and adapted to screenplay by John Meredyth Lucas from the novel \u201cThree Were Renegades\u201d written by Kenneth Perkins. It stars Audie Murphy, Chill Wills, Lori Nelson, Roy Roberts, Russell Johnson, Lee Van Cleef, K.T. Stevens and Madge Meredith. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Russell Metty. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s atypical Audie Murphy fare, which for his fans (of which I\u2019m firmly one) is enough for a rollicking good time. Plot has Murphy as Jim Harvey, a Wagon Train leader who mistakenly gets called out for being a coward when the train he is leading is attacked by the Yaqui Indians, leaving all the men folk dead. Forced to evade lynch mobs and the law, he goes on the lam, armed with only his wits and an aging horse called Tumbleweed. \r\n\r\nWhat follows for the 80 minute run time is plenty of action and near scrapes, some barely concealed romantic yearnings, and of course heroics from both man and beast. The locations used for the story are gorgeous, as Death Valley and Vasquez Rocks form a mightily impressive back drop to the unfolding drama. While stunts and machismo are up to the requisite standard. Cast are fine, with Audie being Audie, Wills a gruff lawman and Cleef in loose cannon side-kick mode. The girls are mere tokens, but the beauty of Nelson and Meredith is breath taking. While costuming (Bill Thomas) is high end as well. \r\n\r\nA Technicolor treat for Murphy and B Western fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [64368, 38682, 71144, 38659]}