{"tmdb_id": 249129, "title": "Autumn of the Ducklings", "original_title": "Toamna bobocilor", "slug_title": "autumn-of-the-ducklings", "date": "1975-01-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The action takes place in a small Romanian village where three young graduates are sent to fill out the doctor, French teacher , agronomist unfilled jobs. They are regarded with distrust by most of the people in the village, most of them believing that neither of them will stay there. However they will be proved wrong as the young graduates, except the French teacher, want to stay there,do their job the best they know how and try to get used to the ways of that community . After you see this movie you can't help loving all the characters.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xh26QqfFtpoMGlwmIuNAiZjiiqM.jpg", "actors": ["Draga Olteanu Matei (Varvara)", "Emil Hossu (Medicul Ovidiu)", "Marin Moraru (Toderas)", "Dumitru Furdui (ing. Geo)", "Maria Ploae (profesoara Mariella)", "Vasile Nitulescu (ciobanul Liviu Traian)", "Sebastian Papaiani (Pompei)", "Octavian Cotescu (Comentator)", "Monica Ghiu\u021b\u0103 (Silvia)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "rainfactor", "content": "More than a movie,maybe a phenomenon. in fact, it is a testimony about the political Comunist command and the art to use it for create a lovely comedy. a village and three young people. an extraordinary couple and the demonstration of inspired acting as tool against a dictatorship expectations. hilarious situations, one of memorable roles for Draga Olteanu Matei and Marin Moraru, great science to present the nuances who defines absurdity of a social case and, sure, smiles in large doses. for many Romanians, one of top films from Ceausescu era. for today, first part of a series who has lost its political message for the status of interesting comedy."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}