{"tmdb_id": 249313, "title": "The Ugly Duckling", "original_title": "The Ugly Duckling", "slug_title": "the-ugly-duckling", "date": "1959-01-01", "genre": "", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pJAF2mWU7ZHJytRuFeqgdr3cHee.jpg", "actors": ["Bernard Bresslaw (Henry Jekyll / Teddy Hyde)", "Jon Pertwee (Victor Jekyll)", "Reginald Beckwith (Reginald)", "Maudie Edwards (Henrietta Jekyll)", "Jean Muir (Snout)", "Richard Wattis (Barclay)", "Elwyn Brook-Jones (Dandy)", "Michael Ripper (Benny)", "David Lodge (Peewee)", "Keith Smith (Figures)", "Michael Ward (Pasco)", "John Harvey (Sergeant Barnes)", "Harold Goodwin ()", "Norma Marla ()", "Jess Conrad (Bimbo)", "Mary Wilson (Lizzie)", "Geremy Phillips (Tiger)", "Roger Avon (Reporter)", "Cyril Chamberlain (Police Sergeant)", "Robert Desmond (Dizzy)", "Alexander Dor\u00e9 (Shop Customer)", "Jean Driant (M. Blum)", "Reginald Marsh (Reporter)", "Verne Morgan (Barman)", "Nicholas Tanner (Commissionaire)", "Ian Wilson (Small Man)", "Lucy Griffiths (Cellist (uncredited))", "Aileen Lewis (Old Time Dancer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In the vault of Hammer Film there was an Ugly Duckling.\r\n\r\nThanks to UK Cable channel Talking Pictures, The Ugly Duckling has resurfaced. While it's no hidden gem demanding to be sought out as a critical must, it is however a joy for fans of British cinema with knowledge of such.\r\n\r\nStory is a reworking of the Jekyll and Hyde story, with Bernard Bresslaw as Henry Jekll, a descendant of the not so good doctor. Henry is a bumbling buffoon, sweet, amiable and harmless, he does however drive all around him to distraction. Messing about in chemistry Henry transforms into Teddy Hyde, a womanising spiv, a man easy in the company of girls and gangsters alike. Trouble ahead does wait...\r\n\r\nIt's all very jolly and harmless, the center piece of plotting being a robbery of precious jewels that thrusts Henry/Teddy to the front of things. There's nothing deep on offer here, the dangers of messing with science, personality changes to fit in etc are not explored, this is played for light entertainment and works on those terms.\r\n\r\nThe dance hall background is firmly of its time, nicely so, with the Joe Loss Orchestra in full effect. While the period flavours are engaging as the rocking 50s close out as the more decadent swinging 60s beckons. The delight for Brit cinema fans here is with the cast, where lining up for some jollification are Jon Pertwee, Reginald Beckwith, Maudie Edwards, Richard Watiss, Michael Ripper, Shelagh Dey and David Lodge all propping up the ever likable Bresslaw. Bonus here is to get a rare look at the adorable Jean Muir, only two film credits when really she should have had more.\r\n\r\nThe Jekyll & Hyde axis of the story gives way to the jewel robbery in the final third, making this a tad disjointed, and the comedy is gentle and not likely to bring about raucous laughter (though one great line from Pertwee is absolute gold dust). Ultimately this has the ability to cover a compliant film fan for this ilk of cinema with a warm comfort blanket, for it be a time capsule worth opening. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [58867, 282662, 192162, 171297]}