{"tmdb_id": 2493, "title": "Princess Bride", "original_title": "The Princess Bride", "slug_title": "princess-bride", "date": "1987-09-25", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Que peut bien faire un petit gar\u00e7on clou\u00e9 au lit par la grippe, condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 \u00e9couter les conseils des grands et m\u00eame de subir un grand-p\u00e8re rabat-joie, au lieu d'aller faire les quatre cents coups avec ses copains ? Et voil\u00e0 en plus que le papay se met en t\u00eate de lire \u00e0 haute voix un conte de f\u00e9e aux antipodes de Superman et de Rambo ! Au Moyen-Age, dans le pays imaginaire de Florin, la belle Bouton d'Or se languit apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9part de son bien-aim\u00e9 Westley, parti chercher fortune et qu'elle croit mort. Cinq ans plus tard, elle accepte d'\u00e9pouser le prince Humperdinck pour qui elle n'\u00e9prouve aucun amour. Mais peu avant son mariage, elle est enlev\u00e9e par trois bandits et entra\u00een\u00e9e dans une aventure mouvement\u00e9e au cours de laquelle elle retrouvera sa raison de vivre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gpxjoE0yvRwIhFEJgNArtKtaN7S.jpg", "actors": ["Cary Elwes (Westley)", "Robin Wright (The Princess Bride)", "Mandy Patinkin (Inigo Montoya)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Fezzik)", "Chris Sarandon (Prince Humperdinck)", "Christopher Guest (Count Tyrone Rugen)", "Wallace Shawn (Vizzini)", "Peter Falk (The Grandfather / Narrator)", "Billy Crystal (Miracle Max)", "Fred Savage (The Grandson)", "Carol Kane (Valerie)", "Mel Smith (The Albino)", "Peter Cook (The Impressive Clergyman)", "Margery Mason (The Ancient Booer)", "Willy DeVille (The Balladeer (voice) (uncredited))", "Mark Knopfler (The Balladeer's Guitarist (uncredited))", "Guy Fletcher (The Balladeer's Keyboardist (uncredited))", "Willoughby Gray (The King)", "Betsy Brantley (The Mother)", "Anne Dyson (The Queen)", "Malcolm Storry (Yellin)", "Paul Badger (The Assistant Brute)", "Errol Bennett (The Balladeer's Percussionist (uncredited))", "Mickey Feat (The Balladeer's Bassist (uncredited))", "Jamie Lane (The Balladeer's Drummer (uncredited))", "Sallie McLaughlin ((uncredited))", "Derek Pykett (Villager (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bigbassdrum", "content": "The Princess Bride is ultimately a story of love - of a grandather for his grandson, of Inigo Montoya for his murdered father and between Buttercup and Wesley.  It is an old fashioned fairy tale in a sense, but its imagination, wit and humour stands it apart from convention.  The characters are endearing and essential to the plot.  The pace of the film changes up and down beautifully throughout and the script is a joy, playing with words and ideas.  Humanity prevails in this wonderous tale, I learnt plenty from it as a child and I still watch it from time to time to remind me of the goodness within us and the ability to triumph over adversity.  The Princess Bride has a way of being traditional whilst challenging norms and that is why I will always love it.  10/10 for me.  The only criticism I have is that it is too male centric as many films and series still are unfortunately.  Although, saying that, Buttercup is much hardier than most princesses portrayed in children's films.  This is a film that appeals to adults and children alike.  Stop writing did you say?  As you wish x"}], "recommandations_id": [1542, 762, 926, 630], "youtube_key": "tD3WKbQRvQw"}