{"tmdb_id": 249318, "title": "Don't Panic Chaps!", "original_title": "Don't Panic Chaps!", "slug_title": "don-t-panic-chaps", "date": "1959-01-01", "genre": ["Guerre / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "During World War II, four British soldiers are commissioned to set up an observation post on a seemingly deserted island in the Mediterranean. However, while surveying the island, the Brits come across four German soldiers holed up in a monastery. The Brits and the Germans agree to a truce, sharing the monastery together until either the British or German troops arrive. But when a shipwrecked Slavic girl ends up on the island, a battle over her erupts amongst the men.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/scCJaUSpkUNr3DyGP0KkbQ2kLWR.jpg", "actors": ["Dennis Price ()", "George Cole ()", "Thorley Walters ()", "Harry Fowler (Ackroyd)", "Na\u0111a Regin (Elsa)", "Nicholas Phipps (Mortimer)", "Percy Herbert (Bolter)", "George Murcell (Meister)", "Gertan Klauber (Schmidt)", "Terence Alexander (Lieutenant Babbington)", "Thomas Foulkes (Voss)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Force X.\r\n\r\nDon\u2019t Panic Chaps is directed by George Pollock and adapted to screenplay by Jack Davies from the Radio Play written by R.G. Holroyd and M.G. Corston. It stars Dennis Price, George Cole, Thorley Walters, Terence Alexander, Nadja Regin and Percy Herbert. Music is by Philip Green and cinematography by Arthur Graham.\r\n\r\nBlimey! What a war, the Battle of the Sunbathers.\r\n\r\nAmiable and pleasant British comedy that finds a small group of Brit soldiers commissioned to a remote Mediterranean island during WWII. However, when they encounter a small group of German soldiers holed up in a monastery they are offered a truce by the German commander and begin to live peaceably. That is until a gorgeous woman is washed ashore\u2026\r\n\r\nUnderwear from the Byzantine Period.\r\n\r\nThe bickering and banter keeps the pic ticking along, Regin pops in to lower the testosterone levels, while the message about opposing sides being able to live in harmony is a good \u2018un. It\u2019s never uproariously funny and Cole\u2019s buffoon act wears thin long before the finale, but there is enough good here to warrant it a good time waster rating. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86790, 116529, 171297, 261419], "youtube_key": "notfound"}