{"tmdb_id": 249413, "title": "Down the Barrel", "original_title": "Down the Barrel", "slug_title": "down-the-barrel", "date": "2007-09-07", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The essence of surfing is an elusive ideal. Part sport, part state-of-mind; an avenue for self-expression, a metaphor for freedom; a ritual, a competitive event, a dangerous journey, a dance. Nature supplies the power, and with the proper balance of respect and resistance, we enjoy the ride. From the North Shore of Oahu, to the end of the road in Tahiti. From Australia to California, from Florida to France, the world's greatest surfers share their insights, and show us how - and why -- it's done. Their skill, and the thrill of the experience, are captured as never before in this documentary. What is the secret to surfing's global appeal? The answer is revealed by Florida's Kelly Slater, California's Rob Machado, Hawaii's Kalani Robb and Australia's Joel Parkinson, through their own voices, in DOWN THE BARREL. The sport of Surfing is displayed for what it is. WITHOUT SCRIPT. WITHOUT ANIMATION. WITHOUT HYPE.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kRAWe8pYwmdlPgZksGgZa4QkUPn.jpg", "actors": ["Kelly Slater (Himself)", "Rob Machado (Himself)", "Joel Parkinson (Himself)", "Kalani Robb (Himself)", "Eric Balfour (Himself)", "Taj Burrow (Himself)", "Mick Fanning (Himself)", "Bethany Hamilton (Herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}