{"tmdb_id": 249616, "title": "The Virginian", "original_title": "The Virginian", "slug_title": "the-virginian", "date": "2014-01-12", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Trace Adkins (The Lincoln Lawyer), Ron Perlman (TV's \"Sons of Anarchy\") and Brendan Penny (Ring Of Fire) star in this gritty and riveting re-imagining of the classic Western saga. Raised by powerful cattle baron Judge Henry (Perlman), South, aka \"The Virginian\" (Adkins), lives his life as a ranch enforcer with bravery and steely determination. When a big-city writer (Penny) raises questions about the fierce treatment of rustlers, South is quick to defend the brutal realities of the \"Code of the West.\" But as he looks deeper into the latest string of rustling and finds his convictions questioned by a pretty new schoolteacher (Victoria Pratt, Mutant X), South begins to wonder if the Judge had ulterior motives in raising him to a life of bloodshed and violence in this explosive, action-loaded epic on the open range.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fYvitfcEDDF4f33N6x8K9F5iabe.jpg", "actors": ["Ron Perlman (Judge Henry South)", "Trace Adkins (The Virginian)", "Brendan Penny (Owen Walton)", "Brendan Meyer (Danny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Talky, sparse, lethargic reimagining of the classic tale with Trace Adkins\r\n\r\nTrace Adkins plays the title character who prefers the name \u2018South.\u2019 He was raised by an authoritative cattle baron (Ron Perlman) in Wyoming where he works as a ranch enforcer. When a writer from the Big City (Brendan Penny) questions the inhumane treatment of rustlers, South defends the fierce realities of the \u201cCode of the West.\u201d South\u2019s code is further probed by a newly arrived schoolmarm from Vermont (Victoria Pratt) and he begins to wonder about his upbringing and the Judge\u2019s motives.\r\n\r\nAdkins makes for an iconic Westerner, as witnessed in \"Traded\" (2016) and \"Hickok\" (2017), where he played side characters. In \"Stagecoach: The Texas Jack Story\" (2016) he plays the main protagonist, but that movie\u2019s noticeably inferior in overall filmmaking, even though it cost approximately the same amount to make.  In other words, as low-budget as \"Traded\" and \"Hickok\" are, they worked quite well as made-for-TV/direct-to-video Westerns, all things considered. \"Stagecoach: The Texas Jack Story\" is almost amateurish by comparison. Yet it still has some points of interest for those who don't mind slipshod productions.\r\n\r\nThe production of this loose re-telling of \u201cThe Virginian\u201d (2014) is similar to that of \u201cStagecoach: The Texas Jack Story,\u201d but noticeably better. Like that movie, the landscapes are limited to coniferous backdrops, fenced cattle fields, a small town and a shack here or there. You never see wide-spanning cinematography (obviously to save money). In a couple of scenes there are looming magnificent mountains. The overall vibe is very sparse and desolate, but it looks more like British Columbia than Wyoming. \r\n\r\nLike Bill Pullman\u2019s version of the tale (2000), the movie\u2019s talky with mumbling dialogue, not to mention this isn't a rollicking shoot-'em-up Western; it's more of a realistic drama in the Old West with flashes of Western staples, like the hanging of rustlers, saloon confrontations and a brief Indian sequence. Victoria Pratt sure is beautiful though, even in one of those unappealing Western dresses. Adkins is a quintessential Westerner, but I think Pullman\u2019s version is the better flick; its second half is more compelling. This one\u2019s kind of meh. If you\u2019re a fan of Adkins, check out \u201cTraded\u201d and \u201cHickok\u201d first.      \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 35 minutes and was probably shot in British Columbia, like \u201cStagecoach: The Texas Jack Story\u201d (I\u2019m guessing because I can\u2019t find any info on the shooting locations and the landscapes look similar). \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [115547], "youtube_key": "epjLQQtG3pM"}