{"tmdb_id": 249688, "title": "The End of the Tour", "original_title": "The End of the Tour", "slug_title": "the-end-of-the-tour", "date": "2015-07-31", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Les 5 jours durant lesquels le journaliste David Lipsky a interview\u00e9 le romancier David Foster, qui venait de publier son roman \"Infinite Jest\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kXuLpzvjcjisCmYIWlBMNVmmOVp.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Segel (David Foster Wallace)", "Jesse Eisenberg (David Lipsky)", "Anna Chlumsky (Sarah)", "Mamie Gummer (Julie)", "Joan Cusack (Patty)", "Ron Livingston (David Lipsky's Editor)", "Mickey Sumner (Betsy)", "Becky Ann Baker (Bookstore Manager)", "Dan John Miller (NPR Host)", "Stephanie Cotton (United Ticket Agent)", "Noel Fletcher (ISU Student)", "Ben Phelps (Mall Shopper)", "Punnavith Koy (Movie Goer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**There's a limit for everything, and after that, the same people look differently.**\r\n\r\nThis is an unexpected biographical drama. I don't know who are those two guys, I mean not the actors, but the real life characters. I never read their books or heard their names, though the film sounded great, so I decided to watch it. The entire film was an interview between a newly famed writer and a journalist who dreaming to become like him one day. So basically the young journalist desperately makes himself an opportunity to meet the writer and they take a road trip, discussing various topics.\r\n\r\nIt's hard to say who was best, both Jesse Eisenberg and Jason Segel were excellent. I think it was the best casting, they will be the reason if you want to watch it, not the story. Yep, the story was simple, just talking life, present and future of humankind, other celebrities and finally differences between them. That's the part I loved. I mean famed people or genius, whoever they're, they are just like us when it comes to interacting with others. They argue too, it's not like the worst thing to happen, but a normal thing as a human being. Just like animals locking their horns over land or females and sometimes for a no reason.\r\n\r\nIt was directed by 'The Spectacular Now' filmmaker, based on the bestselling memoir by David Lipsky, the character that played by Jesse Eisenberg. It takes place in the late 90s, but present in the film as a recall after a certain event. If you like 'Before Sunrise' kind of films, you will enjoy it, but if you hate slow pace narration, then you should better skip than giving a bad review and rating badly to wreck it up.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [251736, 271714, 309245, 248774], "youtube_key": "DBk1Mrb4RyM"}