{"tmdb_id": 249923, "title": "Someone marry Barry", "original_title": "Someone Marry Barry", "slug_title": "someone-marry-barry", "date": "2014-02-07", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Trois amis d\u00e9cident de tout faire pour que leur ami Barry, socialement inadapt\u00e9, trouve l'amour. Mais quand Barry rencontre enfin une femme il s'av\u00e8re que celle-ci est exactement comme lui. Le petit groupe se retrouve donc avec deux Barry sur les bras... A travers les tribulations de ce dr\u00f4le de couple, ils vont finalement apprendre beaucoup de l'amiti\u00e9 et de l'amour...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yqwIV4PME7Ub8TARMbRZXCMAwmh.jpg", "actors": ["Tyler Labine (Barry)", "Damon Wayans Jr. (Desmond)", "Lucy Punch (Melanie Miller)", "Hayes MacArthur (Rafe)", "Amanda Lund (Rachel)", "Frankie Shaw (Camille)", "Wyatt Oleff (JT)", "Ginger Gonzaga (Juanita)", "Ed Helms (Ben)", "Joe Lo Truglio (Sammy)", "Jerry Minor (Taxi Driver)", "Lauren Miller (Leslie)", "Thomas Middleditch (Kurt)", "Brian Huskey (Minister Hagen)", "Brett Gelman (Goker)", "Vivian Bang (Woman at Taxi Stand)", "Liza Lapira (Single Mom at Wedding)", "Karissa Vacker (Juliet)", "Brooke Josephson (Sarah)", "Gabrielle Conforti (Angry Woman In Audience)", "Sam Valentine (Girl at Bar)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "There are no mass actors in this film yet fulfills with the quality of the A list movies. What a wonderful launch pad for an aspiring filmmaker. He wrote it, as well handled everything and everyone carefully. In the name of comedy, he did not go lousy, like most of the B movies do. One of the best main roles ever it was for Lucy Punch in her entire career as far my observation and she outclassed it. Daman Wayans also having a good time recently with movies like 'Let's be Cops', 'Big Hero 6' and this. Certainly his career graph mounting like any actor dreamt for.\r\n\r\nVery similar storyline to the movie 'Let's Kill Ward's Wife', but instead 'kill', it replaced with the word 'marry'. Yep, Barry is the character in the movie who is very annoying, so his best buddies plan to set up with a woman to get rid of him. The title character Barry was the most important in the movie and it went to the right person to play. I know him barely, seen in a couple of films and again he was splendid with a casual performance. I am pretty much sure, the sequel is on the card. It will be a double trouble for Barry's buddies, but all my concern is the filmmakers don't want to mess it up like 'Horrible Bosses 2'.\r\n\r\n> BARRY is everywhere, in your life, mine and in this film.\r\n\r\nSo hilarious, even though, consider it is not a so popular flick. Worry is people will miss this enjoyable movie due to the unaware of its existence. That's the reason I review not-so-popular-good-movie on the regular basis. In my opinion, disappointment is not on the card. Believe me, the movie might not be a good as I am stating, but definitely not a bad one. So in the end, it's up to the collective of the individual's statement that decides the fate of a movie which involves yours as well.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [138222, 70585, 281418, 239568]}