{"tmdb_id": 25010, "title": "Le Kid de la plage", "original_title": "The Flamingo Kid", "slug_title": "le-kid-de-la-plage", "date": "1984-12-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 60, un jeune \u00e9tudiant trouve un petit job sur la plage et esp\u00e8re ainsi s\u00e9duire les nombreuses jolies jeunes filles...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nPUdJjD2FMsiEUyygsE9UiDrN1Q.jpg", "actors": ["Matt Dillon (Jeffrey Willis)", "H\u00e9ctor Elizondo (Arthur Willis)", "Molly McCarthy (Ruth Willis)", "Martha Gehman (Nikki Willis)", "Richard Crenna (Phil Brody)", "Jessica Walter (Phyllis Brody)", "Carole Davis (Joyce Brody)", "Janet Jones (Carla Samson)", "Brian McNamara (Steve Dawkins)", "Fisher Stevens (Hawk Ganz)", "Marisa Tomei (Mandy)", "John Turturro (Ted from Pinky's)", "David Paul (Turk (uncredited))", "Peter Paul (Dirk (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Matt Dillon's summer as a cabana boy at a private beach club on Long Island***  \r\n\r\nReleased in 1984, \"The Flamingo Kid\" is a coming-of-age beach flick. What occasionally draws me to these types of films is their youthful energy and fun spirit, as well as the oceanic locations and the women. It brings one back in time to the carefree era of his/her coming-of-age years. Thankfully, \"The Flamingo Kid\" shoots for something deeper than just a shallow beach flick, which the best ones do, e.g. the original \u201cGidget\u201d (1959).\r\n\r\nThe story takes place in 1963 where 18-year-old Jeffrey (Matt Dillon), a plumber's son from Brooklyn, gets a summer job at a private beach club on Long Island called the El Flamingo. This was his final summer of carefree fun before going off to college, but his experiences at the club change his plans. He makes loads of money on tips, meets a beautiful blonde and becomes fascinated by a new mentor, a fast-talking businessman and card shark, Phil Brody (Richard Crenna).\r\n\r\nBrody convinces Jeffrey that there are easier, faster (i.e. dishonest) ways to make loads of money than going off to college for years on end. When Jeffry cancels his college plans and moves out of his house it naturally creates friction with his father (Hector Elizondo). Will he go on to become the next generation's fast-talking businessman/card shark?\r\n\r\nAlmost the entire film was shot on location at a Queens\u2019 beach club with loads of gorgeous females on hand, including Jeffrey's girlfriend in the story, Carla played by Janet Jones, whose body is so well sculptured she could\u2019ve been Wonder Woman (the movie even jokes about this). Carole Davis also shines as Brody\u2019s brunette daughter, Joyce, a low-key part. Cutie Marisa Tomei even has a cameo.\r\n\r\nThe bottom line is that \"The Flamingo Kid\" offers everything you'd want in such a film and more, including an interesting story where you care about the outcome. And, thankfully, there's NO RAUNCH (well, maybe a flash). In addition, the soundtrack includes numerous early 60's hits like \"Runaround Sue,\" etc. What's not to like?\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 40 minutes. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [47359, 26156, 46688, 27307]}