{"tmdb_id": 250124, "title": "The Diary of a Teenage Girl", "original_title": "The Diary of a Teenage Girl", "slug_title": "the-diary-of-a-teenage-girl", "date": "2015-08-07", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "San Francisco, 1976. Minnie Goetze vit l\u2019\u00e9poque charni\u00e8re de l\u2019essoufflement du mouvement hippie et de l\u2019essor du punk rock. Elle entame une liaison amoureuse tordue avec le petit ami de sa m\u00e8re, \u00abl\u2019homme le plus s\u00e9duisant du monde\u00bb. S\u2019ensuit un compte rendu mordant, dr\u00f4le, provocateur et absent de jugement de l\u2019\u00e9veil sexuel et artistique d\u2019une jeune fille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tp6cKoQOb9gY9DbhQmWIk7wdMkS.jpg", "actors": ["Bel Powley (Minnie Goetze)", "Kristen Wiig (Charlotte Worthington)", "Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd (Monroe Rutherford)", "Christopher Meloni (Pascal MacCorkill)", "Austin Lyon (Ricky Wasserman)", "Madeleine Waters (Kimmie Minter)", "Margarita Levieva (Tabatha)", "Quinn Nagle (Chuck Saunders)", "Abby Wait (Gretel)", "John Parsons (Burt)", "Miranda Bailey (Andrea)", "Carson D. Mell (Michael Cocaine)", "Davy Clements (Arnie)", "Susannah Rogers (Aline Kominsky (voice))", "Anthony Williams (Frankie)", "Charles Lewis III (Cool English Teacher)", "David Fine (Old Hippie)", "Joshua Grannell (Drag Queen)", "Nate Heller (Band Member)", "Lance Hill (Band Member)", "Jon Freeman (Band Member)", "Persephone Gloeckner-Suits (Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A teen girl's sexual exploration.**\r\n\r\nWell, the first thing is this film is not for everyone. Because the contents were too strong for being a teen theme. That means it is good for the grown ups to watch. The story of a 15 year old girl in the 70s living with her mother and small sister. It begins when her sexual urges takes off, her first with a middle aged man. So she documents everything and besides, with her close friend's support, they together explore even more options. Being a minor and yet her real life to commence, what she plans for the future determines the remaining developments.\r\n\r\nThe performance by Bel Powley was amazing. She was the perfect choice to play that role despite she's older than the role. There were many nudes and sex scenes, but was not that strong, especially when compared with the similar themes of the present era films. The pace had lots of ups and downs, but the progression was on the right path which actually saved the film.\r\n\r\nThe story was just fine, no complication to understand and also not easy to explain, but in a short, it was a teenage girl's sexual exploration. Everybody gets into that stage of life, but only few courageously opts a path to accomplish. And for some, it is an open opportunity that makes them to get there than intentionally make that move. I felt the film was well adapted from its book and directed by a newcomer, Surely worth a watch, but again I'm saying that it is not for everyone.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [309245, 309304, 248774, 308084], "youtube_key": "G2M9kqb5wVw"}