{"tmdb_id": 250546, "title": "Annabelle", "original_title": "Annabelle", "slug_title": "annabelle", "date": "2014-10-02", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "John Form est certain d'avoir d\u00e9nich\u00e9 le cadeau de ses r\u00eaves pour sa femme Mia, qui attend un enfant. Il s'agit d'une poup\u00e9e ancienne, tr\u00e8s rare, habill\u00e9e dans une robe de mari\u00e9e d'un blanc immacul\u00e9. Mais Mia, d'abord ravie par son cadeau, va vite d\u00e9chanter.  Une nuit, les membres d'une secte satanique s'introduisent dans leur maison et agressent sauvagement le couple, paniqu\u00e9. Et ils ne se contentent pas de faire couler le sang et de semer la terreur \u2013 ils donnent vie \u00e0 une cr\u00e9ature monstrueuse, pire encore que leurs sinistres m\u00e9faits, permettant aux \u00e2mes damn\u00e9es de revenir sur Terre : Annabelle\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yAgxM61Sn0dYML4C9v3MJFp5zPI.jpg", "actors": ["Annabelle Wallis (Mia Form)", "Ward Horton (John Form)", "Tony Amendola (Father Perez)", "Alfre Woodard (Evelyn)", "Eric Ladin (Detective Clarkin)", "Kerry O'Malley (Sharon Higgins)", "Brian Howe (Pete Higgins)", "Ivar Brogger (Dr. Burgher)", "Gabriel Bateman (Robert)", "Shiloh Nelson (Nancy)", "Morganna Bridgers (Debbie)", "Michelle Romano (Mary)", "Paige Diaz (Candy Striper)", "Tree O'Toole (Thin Woman; Annabelle)", "Trampas Thompson (Thin Man)", "Camden Singer (Clerk)", "Keira Daniels (Young Annabelle Higgins)", "Richard Allan Jones (Parishoner)", "Christopher Shaw (Fuller)", "Geoff Wehner (Neighbor)", "Sasha Sheldon (Nurse)", "Robin Pearson Rose (Mother)", "Joseph Bishara (Demonic Figure (uncredited))", "Cathy Cavadini (The Loop Group (voice))", "John DeMita (The Loop Group (voice))", "Chris Edgerly (The Loop Group (voice))", "Robin Atkin Downes (The Loop Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Tis time to move on from conduit demons.\r\n\r\n*** This review contains minor spoilers ***\r\n\r\nIt doesn't have James Wan's name on the director's chair, but it's every inch a James Wan film. There seems to be a rut that has emerged where this new brand of horror film makers can't see that recycling the same ideas is, well, kinda dull.\r\n\r\nInsidious, Dead Silence and The Conjuring have their critics (not me, I like them all very much), but the timing was right for them to hit the mark of many a horror film lover. Tapping into the fear of the doll and the demon hadn't been done for some time, certainly not with any conviction, so all good there for the fans.\r\n\r\nAnnabelle spins off from The Conjuring, and Dead Silence to a degree, but just comes off as a lazy cash-cow. The doll is a spooky monstrosity (most unlike the real Rag-Dolly-Anna version), but it's all a bit of a con, the makers resorting to another demonic being, only Red Darth Maul has now been replaced by Blue Lagoon The Loon.\r\n\r\nCharacter's actions are often preposterous, stretching credulity to breaking point (I know you are being menaced by the unknown, but I got a conference to go to, sleep tight babe!). Elsewhere, while everyone acknowledges that what scares you is subjective, but the scares here are very thin on the ground, not helped by a dull script and bland lead actors.\r\n\r\nIt's tidy enough a production, granted, but familiarity breeds contempt and it's hoped that Wan's return to the director's chair for The Conjuring 2 (where we revisit the realm of poltergeist activity), signals a return to form for his horror stable. 5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I personally am of the opinion that _The Conjuring_ was pretty overrated, but I at least I could see why some people thought it was okay. _Annabelle_ on the other hand, was never at any point anything other than hackneyed, unoriginal garbage. No saving graces to be found here.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605 - Of no value. Avoid at all costs._"}], "recommandations_id": [138843, 259693, 91586, 49018], "youtube_key": "jdUysoK6tdQ"}