{"tmdb_id": 250574, "title": "Creep", "original_title": "Creep", "slug_title": "creep", "date": "2014-06-23", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un cam\u00e9raman accepte de se rendre dans une montagne isol\u00e9e pour un travail bien pay\u00e9. Mais son employeur est un peu plus \u00e9trange que ce \u00e0 quoi il s'attendait...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nJDvKttufhPR4lfjp8jDZRbIfVh.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Duplass (Josef)", "Patrick Brice (Aaron)", "Katie Aselton (Angela (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The disturbing and mind-bending \u2018Creep\u2019 certainly startles with its sense of sophisticated salaciousness, so why should it not meet the expectations of its haunting and hallucinatory hedonism? After all \u2018Creep\u2019 was from the handlers that gave fright fans unnerving and twitchy thrills in fear-monger flicks such as \u2018Paranormal Activity\u2019 and \u2018The Purge\u2019. Granted that the found footage genre has become rather obligatory but there are moments when one can declare a sense of distinction and devilish freshness where frightfests in the realm of \u2018Creep\u2019 can compel with warped and contemptible glee. When a flinching film can muster up an erratic combination of chaos and comedy and still manage to stay on course in its horrific havoc then vehicles such as \u2018Creep\u2019 can claim bragging rights in the slight re-invention of the aforementioned and omnipresent found footage theme.\r\n\r\nPart of \u2018Creep\u2019s unctuous appeal is steeped in the wicked and wayward imaginations of collaborators in director/co-writer Patrick \u2018The Overnight\u2019 Brice (making his directorial feature debut here), co-writer/co-star Mark Duplass and producer Jason Blum (\u2018Paranormal Activity\u2019, \u2018Insidious\u2019, \u2018Sinister\u2019). These morbid masterminds effectively instill the aptly-named \u2018Creep\u2019 with bountiful black humour in this glorified goose-bump fable that proudly struts its low-budgeted, atmospheric indie chops armed with outrageous dares and scares.\r\n\r\nUnemployed videographer Aaron (Patrick Brice) unknowingly fishes out the on-coming scrutiny when he answers a Craigslist ad requesting the secretive side of film-making. Thus, Aaron travels to an isolated cabin in the middle of the desolate mountains to meet up with Josef (Mark Duplass, from TV\u2019s \u2018The League\u2019). The sickly Josef, proclaiming his supposedly cancer-stricken condition, wants to be filmed on video as he prepares a diary for his unborn son. Well, the gesture seems heartfelt enough under the surface and something that Aaron should handle with kid gloves, right?\r\n\r\nAaron\u2019s assignment at first appears innocuous as he gathers the insights and intimate moments that Josef provides for the sake of his future offspring. In fact, the two men even become somewhat close and bond together as they wander in the mountains mixing business with a bit of pleasure tossed in for good measure. Soon, Josef steadily starts to show his true colors as his interviews become intense and erratic. The darkness of Josef\u2019s moods shift ominously back and forth. Hence, Aaron understandably becomes quite weary of his videotaped creepy companion\u2019s behavior. It certainly does not help that Aaron unravels some sordid secrets regarding Josef\u2019s unsettling backstory. Just where does Josef\u2019s degree of delusions figure in as far as Aaron\u2019s perspective is concerned?\r\n\r\nThe shocking moments in \u2018Creep\u2019 serves its purpose effectively, especially when the cat-and-mouse titillation and tension is enveloped in a low-budget, knee-jerking production that thankfully is refreshingly taut as it is naughtily off-kilter in its serving of several jittery jump scares and, of course, the edginess of the two men, one armed with suspicion and paranoia and the other one bottled up in a hefty grip of psychosis. The constant antagonism that the creepy Josef demonstrates towards Aaron is a traumatising tease that eerily registers with numbing realization. Fittingly, the found footage fear factor angle does not overtake or drown out the psychological give-and-take anxiety between the defensive Aaron and demented Josef.\r\n\r\nIf anything, \u2018Creep\u2019 manages to not exhaust the found footage foundation as a gory gimmick that many of these kinds of fright flicks fall victim much too often. Instead, the movie is shrewdly aware to take a smirking poke at the impish concept through shaky satirical means. The real trepidation lies in the sometimes quiet yet manic motives of Josef, a live wire that can explode at any minute yet leaves one wondering as to when and where his menacing madness will filter out as it is directed toward his nearby guinea pig in the vulnerable Aaron. Both Brice and Duplass are convincingly engrossing as contributing co-writers and co-stars of an edge-of-your-seat chiller that does not necessarily need to overwhelm the audience\u2019s nervous system with grotesque tactics of torture to bring along the bloody chase of a detached thrill.\r\n\r\nCreep (2015)\r\n\r\nThe Orchard\r\n\r\n1 hr. 20 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Mark Duplass and Patrick Brice\r\n\r\nDirected by: Patrick Brice\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Horror and Suspense\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s Rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm pretty far from on board with Found Footage Horror, and _Creep_ hits a lot of the reasons why. It also seems like there was no reason it had to be Found Footage in the first place. But that all said, Mark Duplass' performance is enough to elevate the piece somewhat, and kudos to director Patrick Brice for trying something new with the format.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "Not to be confused with the 2004 British slasher set in Charing Cross Underground Station, 'Creep' is an American Handheld horror movie about a film-maker who answers an advert to film a dying man to leave something for his unborn child.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay and performances are not very good but the film's over reliance on annoying jump scares make some scenes fill with tension. The film tries to bring up connections with 'The Blair Witch Project' but fails to be anywhere near as good due to the fact that it is poorly executed and has unsympathetic characters.\r\n\r\nIt has a silly ending to top it all off but it leaves quite a resonating impact.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [396493, 254191, 244610, 296065], "youtube_key": "o2y8kKsxeII"}