{"tmdb_id": 250734, "title": "Loin de la foule d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9e", "original_title": "Far from the Madding Crowd", "slug_title": "loin-de-la-foule-dechainee", "date": "2015-04-23", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans la campagne anglaise de l\u2019\u00e9poque victorienne, une jeune h\u00e9riti\u00e8re, Bathsheba Everdeene doit diriger la ferme l\u00e9gu\u00e9e par son oncle. Femme belle et libre, elle veut s\u2019assumer seule et sans mari, ce qui n\u2019est pas au go\u00fbt de tous \u00e0 commencer par ses ouvriers. Bathsheba ne se mariera qu\u2019une fois amoureuse. Qu\u2019\u00e0 cela ne tienne, elle se fait courtiser par trois hommes, le berger Gabriel Oake, le riche voisin Mr Boldwood et le Sergent Troy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gEcms0OyGTyaDfI6j81TpeGgQer.jpg", "actors": ["Carey Mulligan (Bathsheba Everdene)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Gabriel Oak)", "Michael Sheen (William Boldwood)", "Tom Sturridge (Sergeant Francis Troy)", "Juno Temple (Fanny Robbin)", "Jessica Barden (Liddy)", "Hilton McRae (Jacob Smallbury)", "Harry Peacock (Jan Coggan)", "Bradley Hall (Joseph Poorgrass)", "Sam Phillips (Sergeant Doggett)", "Tilly Vosburgh (Mrs. Hurst)", "Victor McGuire (Bailiff Pennyways)", "Jamie Lee-Hill (Laban Tall (uncredited))", "Richard Dixon (Mr. Boldwood's Butler)", "Thomas Arnold (Solicitor)", "Eloise Oliver (Dancer (uncredited))", "David Golt (Market Con Man (uncredited))", "Ashley Whiteman (Everdene Farm Worker)", "Jody Halse (Farmer Stone)", "Mark Wingett (Bailiff #1)", "Dorian Lough (Bailiff #2)", "Leonard Szepietowski (All Saints Vicar)", "Jon Gunn (All Souls Vicar)", "Stuart Davidson (Dragoon)", "Pauline Whitaker (Parishioner)", "Belinda Low (Parishioner #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Three men like the three different seasons in a woman's life!**\r\n\r\nThis is a wonderful drama, I have been waiting for such film to come and since its release, I have been looking forward to this day. The romance is the theme of the film, so not the entire film as what it looks like. Based on the one and half century old novel of the same name and the fourth film adaptation. I have seen only 'Tamara Drewe', but that was altered to the present era, other than that I've not seen any other version. Still, I believe this will be remembered as the best one so far.\r\n\r\nI would say Carey Mulligan is the British version of Jake Gyllenhaal. Because they both make fine films, I admire their selection of the films. Mulligan was so brilliant here and in addition to that, Matthias Schoenaerts was equally good. They both made this film look so poetic, and so supporting cast including Michael Sheen and Tom Sturridge contributed well.\r\n\r\nIf you like periodic drama, then you probably would enjoy it. The story was excellently told. The three layered romance was narrated like three that happens in the different seasons. Like landscape change, how humans too transform was quite neatly briefed for over two hours. One of the best films in the recent time I've seen. The director of 'The Hunt' did a great job. If you like Jane Austen's kind of story narrations then you must try this, so I highly recommend it!\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [283227, 284689, 271674, 296360]}