{"tmdb_id": 250924, "title": "Bujang Senang", "original_title": "Bujang Senang", "slug_title": "bujang-senang", "date": "2006-03-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The story focuses on Bujang who has to find a wife before his wealthy father Datuk Azlan turns 65. The problem with Bujang is that he won\u2019t settle for anything less than perfection when it comes to women. He wants the perfect wife, thus even the slightest of flaws in a woman will turn him off. But when he meets Murni, a village girl, he\u2019s immediately smitten. To ensure that Murni is not like any other materialistic woman, Bujang tells her that he works as a personal driver. Murni begins to fall for Bujang and continues to date him since she just wants an average man. Things get complicated when Murni accidentally discovers Bujang\u2019s secret and accuses him of trying to con her. Worse still, Bujang\u2019s father does not approve of Murni, as he accuses her of trying to win over Bujang for his money. Devastated, Murni decides to return to her hometown and marry any man that her parents find suitable. That leaves Bujang racing against time to win Murni back.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Saiful Apek (Bujang & Datuk Azlan)", "Fasha Sandha (Murni)", "Yassin Senario ()", "Azza Elite ()", "Mohd Hafiz ()", "Aishah Sinclair ()", "Sharifah Shahirah ()", "Mak Jah ()", "Irma Hasmie ()", "Nabila ()", "Serina Redzuawan ()", "Annahita Bakavoli ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "yOoQaKitBF0"}