{"tmdb_id": 251227, "title": "Camp Takota", "original_title": "Camp Takota", "slug_title": "camp-takota", "date": "2014-02-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "With her personal and professional life in shambles, Elise ends up having to take a job as a counselor at her old summer camp. There, she reunites with two estranged friends who attended camp and never left. When the future of the camp is put in jeopardy, the three friends must band together to save it, changing the course of their lives forever.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dDYjufoRoksf486uQM0oIjuSMA1.jpg", "actors": ["Grace Helbig (Elise)", "Hannah Hart (Allison)", "Mamrie Hart (Maxine)", "Olivia Alexander (Vanessa)", "Chester See (Jeff Sanford)", "Chris Riedell (Eli Morton)", "Ellen Karsten (Sally)", "Rachel Quaintance (Celia)", "Megan Duffy (Manda)", "Lee Schall (Bruce Fefferman)", "Sawyer Hartman (Walker Paige)", "John Milhiser (Jared)", "Maggie Tompkins (Camper #1)", "KristiLynn Grace (Camper #2)", "Logan Riley Hassel (Sarah)", "Serena Kashmir (Sarah's Minion)", "Lara Monti (Sarah's Minion)", "Shannon Kummer (Madison)", "Jason McNichols (Kyle)", "Cameron Britton (Chet)", "Kira Legg (Fangirl (uncredited))", "Melanie Manooki (Camp Counselor (uncredited))", "Lucy Angelo (Camper (uncredited))", "Hayley Gripp (Camper (uncredited))", "Carly Peeters (Camper (uncredited))", "Olivia Cella (Camper (uncredited))", "Michelle Cella (Camper (uncredited))", "Ariana Sloan (Camper (uncredited))", "Madison Dae Clarion (Camper (uncredited))", "Joy Yao (Camper (uncredited))", "Julia Moorefield (Camper (uncredited))", "Catherine Fisher (Camper (uncredited))", "Sabrine Ferretti (Danny Camper (uncredited))", "Claire Elizabeth Oldham (Young Elise Miller (uncredited))", "Jasmine Aceves (Camper (uncredited))", "Kiara Lisette Gamboa (Camper (uncredited))", "Kelsie Naugler (Camp Counselor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Summer camp, to recover from life tragedies!**\r\n\r\nIt's great to see the three YouTube stars doing a film together. I'm not their subscriber, so I don't them. But YouTube is my one of the major social network to hangout. As many reviewers said, it was an average film. Might be rated high by the fanboys. Though it could have been even worse. The same old, same old plot. Below par acting skills. The film particularly aimed for late 20s and early 30s people. The rest of the guys from different generation would find is unfunny.\r\n\r\nA young woman who recently lost her job, as well as broke up with her boyfriend, heads to her childhood summer camp to become a staff member where her two old friends already been serving. Time to recover from all the recent disaster stricken life, she's unable to cope and things take unusual turns to make events more complicated. The remaining story is to tell how she manages around.\r\n\r\nFor such a B movie, it is an acceptable. But beware of predictable storyline. The lines should have been very motivated, especially towards the end. There's no twist, if you already know it's coming and what it is. Too many adult jokes, otherwise the film would have attracted the youngsters, like teens and kids. Simply one time watchable film. Or you can find similar other great flicks out there.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [377492, 72505, 18408, 17485], "youtube_key": "i4g9N6fIsJg"}