{"tmdb_id": 25137, "title": "Pr\u00e9sum\u00e9 Coupable", "original_title": "Beyond a Reasonable Doubt", "slug_title": "presume-coupable", "date": "2009-02-05", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "A Shreveport, en Louisiane, Mark Hunter, procureur connu pour sa s\u00e9v\u00e9rit\u00e9 et son efficacit\u00e9, se pr\u00e9sente au poste convoit\u00e9 de gouverneur aux prochaines \u00e9lections. Mais C.J. Nicholas, jeune et ambitieux journaliste qui enqu\u00eate sur cette personnalit\u00e9 en vue, d\u00e9couvre que le procureur dissimule quelques secrets inavouables. Afin de d\u00e9masquer Hunter, C.J. se fait passer pour le principal suspect d\u2019un meurtre. Quand il d\u00e9couvre les man\u0153uvres du jeune homme, le procureur s\u2019arrange pour faire dispara\u00eetre les preuves de son innocence\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A8mDCU1bNqCS4OI7unCKPltmYw2.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Douglas (Mark Hunter)", "Jesse Metcalfe (C.J. Nicholas)", "Amber Tamblyn (Ella Crystal)", "Joel David Moore (Corey Finley)", "Orlando Jones (Ben Nickerson)", "Lawrence P. Beron (Lieutenant Merchant)", "Sewell Whitney (Martin Weldon)", "David Jensen (Gary Spota)", "Sharon K. London (Judge Sheppard)", "Krystal Kofie (Taieesha)", "Randal Reeder (Survivalist Man)", "Ryan Glorioso (Animal Shelter Attendant)", "Jon McCarthy (Detective Rawley)", "Grant James (Aaron Wakefield)", "Eric Gipson (Allen)", "Darcel White Moreno (Reporter #3)", "Megan Brown (Roberta)", "Michele Williams (Danielle)", "Wallace Merck (Gilbert Romans)", "Robert Larriviere (Kevin Tarlow)", "Juli Erickson (Madalyn Urlanger)", "Carrie Slaughter (Marsha)", "Tony Bentley (Roger Milner)", "Andrei Constantinescu (Bruce Stern)", "John McConnell (Vernon Green)", "Meade Patton (Detective Riddick)", "Sigal Diamant (Maralyn)", "Illana Diamont (Mrs. Hunter)", "Gerry May (Anchorman)", "Carl Savering (Bailiff)", "Kelvin Payton (Cameraman)", "Fred Ellis (Forensics Expert)", "Edrick Browne (Manager)", "Ron Flagge (Property Clarke)", "David Born (Property Sgt.)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Why would a man frame himself... for murder? \r\n\r\nBeyond a Reasonable Doubt is directed by Peter Hyams and Hyams adapts the screenplay from Douglas Morrow's story/screenplay for the 1956 film of the same name. It stars Jesse Metcalfe, Amber Tamblyn, Michael Douglas, Joel David Moore and Orlando Jones. Music is by David Shire and Hyams also tackles cinematography duties. \r\n\r\nC.J. Nicholas (Metcalfe) is a journalist aiming for high things. He is convinced that high profile lawyer Mark Hunter (Douglas) is corrupting legal issues and sets about proving it... \r\n\r\nThe 1956 film was the great Fritz Lang's last American film, more court drama than being overtly film noir, it was a film well tuned into legalities of its time. Hyams here updates to a modern era setting and it is fanciful - due to the advancements in technology - in the extreme. Of course those things can often be forgivable if the film is well put together and holds some thriller/drama weight. \r\n\r\nThe look of the film is cheap, as in a TV movie look, with the cinematography uninspiring, the young cast members hardly turn in characterisations to care for, while Douglas (who is very good) is surprisingly under used. The story is a fascinating one as per human foibles, and there's a double whammy stroll down twister street that lifts the film to a rewarding closure. But it's still a disappointment, and this even if you haven't seen Lang's far superior 56 film. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13074, 15577, 16164, 13177]}