{"tmdb_id": 251537, "title": "What The F@#- Is Cancer and Why Does Everybody Have It?", "original_title": "What The F@#- Is Cancer and Why Does Everybody Have It?", "slug_title": "what-the-f-is-cancer-and-why-does-everybody-have-it", "date": "2014-01-08", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "On April 10, 2011, Allison W. Gryphon found a lump in her breast. On April 13th, she was diagnosed with stage IIIa breast cancer. Allison\u2019s immediate instinct was to pick up a camera and start asking questions. Not only for herself, but for all of us.  For many, cancer is a cell under a microscope. For others, it is a symbolic ribbon, a local fundraiser or a jar calling for help in the checkout line at the grocery store. Cancer is something different to each individual going through it. It\u2019s all relevant. It\u2019s all important. Cancer is about science, study and the practice of medicine, and most importantly, cancer is about people. What the F@#- is Cancer and Why Does Everybody Have it? is about understanding and celebrating those people. It\u2019s about really hearing their voices and being invited to share those experiences in a way that will allow the viewer to walk away with inspiration, questions, knowledge and hopefully a desire to understand more and make things happen.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4LyBI2rS6yeMHlqnK0LmueUkbZR.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "S_lVczsB9kk"}