{"tmdb_id": 25188, "title": "La Derni\u00e8re s\u00e9ance", "original_title": "The Last Picture Show", "slug_title": "la-derniere-seance", "date": "1971-10-02", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "1951. Sonny et Duane, deux adolescents texans, passent leur temps entre le caf\u00e9 et le cin\u00e9ma, seules distractions possibles dans leur petite ville perdue aux confins du d\u00e9sert. Mais lorsqu'une fille provoque une dispute entre eux, Sonny d\u00e9cide de s'engager pour la Cor\u00e9e. Avant de partir, ils se rendent au cin\u00e9ma une derni\u00e8re fois...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aU1w0M9h688EdA90fo4V4fbk33m.jpg", "actors": ["Timothy Bottoms (Sonny Crawford)", "Jeff Bridges (Duane Jackson)", "Cybill Shepherd (Jacy Farrow)", "Ben Johnson (Sam the Lion)", "Cloris Leachman (Ruth Popper)", "Ellen Burstyn (Lois Farrow)", "Eileen Brennan (Genevieve)", "Clu Gulager (Abilene)", "Sam Bottoms (Billy)", "Sharon Ullrick (Charlene Duggs)", "Randy Quaid (Lester Marlow)", "Bill Thurman (Coach Popper)", "Jessie Lee Fulton (Miss Mosey)", "Helena Humann (Jimmie Sue)", "Barc Doyle (Joe Bob Blanton)", "Gary Brockette (Bobby Sheen)", "John Hillerman (English teacher)", "Joe Heathcock (Sheriff)", "Kimberly Hyde (Annie-Annie)", "Noble Willingham (Chester)", "Janice O'Malley (Mrs. Clarg)", "Grover Lewis (Sonny's father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Bleak, trashy B&W drama of life in a fading Texas town in the early 50s with several strong points*** \r\n\r\nReleased in 1971, \u201cThe Last Picture Show\u201d is a B&W drama of several teens and adults in a dying Texas town on the windy plains in 1951. Timothy Bottoms, Jeff Bridges and Cybill Shepherd play the main high shoolers while Ben Johnson, Cloris Leachman and Ellen Burstyn appear as the adults. Randy Quaid and Clu Gulager have peripheral roles.\r\n\r\nSam the Lion (Johnson) is the minor mogul of the town, the father figure of several of the boys, who are fatherless in practice, if not reality. Despite wallowing in a dreary pall (which ties-in to the theme), the movie conveys many insights about real life and has some genuine warmth. A couple good examples are when Sam looks at Sonny (Timothy Bottoms) and Duane (Bridges) before they leave for a wild weekend in Mexico or the final scene between Sonny and the coach\u2019s wife (Leachman); Sam\u2019s reflections at \u201cthe tank\u201d is another. Furthermore, I respect a movie that has the confidence to take its time without feeling the need to rush to the thrills and titillations.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Last Picture Show\u201d is slightly infamous for its sleaze quotient, but it\u2019s interesting what little sex actually goes on in the story; and the quality of some of that sex is dubious, e.g. Duane (Bridges) and Jacy (Cybill). As far as the nude pool party in Wichita Falls goes, it seems that these kids were older than Jacy, except for the little brother swimming in the pool and Lester (Quaid). I'm assuming they were college age; in other words, about 1-4 years older. Regardless, they were the offspring of rich libertines from the Big Oil business in Wichita Falls. Jacy was a rich girl from backwater Nowheresville and wanted to fit in with these bigger city kids.\r\n\r\nRegarding the realism of the nude swimming, the story takes place in 1951; a mere 18 years later teens were publicly skinny dipping in Woodstock, NY, which is documented in the film of the same name. Do we seriously think a few teens weren't doing the same thing a mere 18 years earlier? For comparison, it's 2018 as of this writing. Do we really think teens today are all that different than teens 18 years ago in 2000? Besides, teens on the wild side were skinny dipping in the 1800s, 1700s, 1600s, etc.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the day, this is a decent adult-oriented drama about the kinetic experimentations & aspirations of youths in the early 50s juxtaposed with the sometimes sad reflections & practices of the adults.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 58 minutes and was shot in Archer City, Texas, as well as nearby Olney, Holliday and Wichita Falls.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [396, 976, 26617, 596]}