{"tmdb_id": 25199, "title": "Teen Witch", "original_title": "Teen Witch", "slug_title": "teen-witch", "date": "1989-04-28", "genre": ["Musique / Romance / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Louise is not very popular at her highschool. Then she learns that she's descended from the witches of Salem and has inherited their powers. At first she uses them to get back at the girls and teachers who teased her and to win the heart of the handsome footballer's captain. But soon she has doubts if it's right to 'cheat' her way to popularity.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iQLTsPybUHbYZvQh9NMslzaDsdd.jpg", "actors": ["Robyn Lively (Louise Miller)", "Dan Gauthier (Brad Powell)", "Joshua John Miller (Richie Miller)", "Caren Kaye (Margaret Miller)", "Dick Sargent (Frank Miller)", "Lisa Fuller (Randa)", "Amanda Ingber (Polly)", "Zelda Rubinstein (Madame Serina)", "Noah Blake (Rhet)", "Tina Caspary (Shawn (as Tina Marie Casapary))", "Megan Gallivan (Kiki)", "Alsari Al-Shehali (Vincent)", "Shelley Berman (Mr. Weaver)", "Marcia Wallace (Mrs. Malloy)", "Gary Schwartz (Dean Howell)", "Cherie Franklin (Ms. Luger)", "Cindy Valentine Leone (Shana)", "Wendy Brainard (Dancer / Geeky Girl)", "Jared Chandler (David)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Fun, energetic 80\u2019s teen flick about gaining supernatural powers and the repercussions***\r\n\r\nA geeky girl in Southern California (Robin Lively) acquires witchcraft powers on her sixteenth birthday and uses them to become popular and win the love of the handsome quarterback with whom she\u2019s infatuated (Dan Gauthier). But will they bring true happiness? Mandy Ingber plays her pal, Polly, while Zelda Rubinstein is on hand as fortuneteller Madame Serena.\r\n\r\n\u201cTeen Witch\u201d (1989) fills the bill if you\u2019re in the mode for an 80\u2019s coming-of-age movie if you don\u2019t mind the silliness and fantasy elements. It has the drama of \u201cPretty in Pink\u201d (1986), the fun campiness of \u201cCan\u2019t Buy Me Love\u201d (1987) and the fantastical side of \u201cTeen Wolf\u201d (1985). The obvious inspiration for \u201cSabrina the Teenage Witch\u201d (1996) and the ensuing series, it\u2019s a kinetic and amusing 80\u2019s teen flick with heart, but it can\u2019t compare to giants like \u201cFast Times at Ridgemont High\u201d (1982), \u201cFootloose\u201d (1984) or \u201cThe Karate Kid\u201d (1984). Gauthier is a taller, low-rent version of Tom Cruise.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 30 minutes and was shot in Glendale & Los Angeles, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [55357, 44900, 26952, 28025], "youtube_key": "IN9Kq4Hr3MU"}