{"tmdb_id": 252164, "title": "Pressure", "original_title": "Pressure", "slug_title": "pressure", "date": "2015-06-04", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Quatre plongeurs sont envoy\u00e9s au fond de l'oc\u00e9an \u00e0 bord d'une cabine pressuris\u00e9e pour r\u00e9parer un gazoduc. S'attendant juste \u00e0 une journ\u00e9e de travail normale, ils vont malheureusement \u00eatre coin\u00e9s au milieu de nulle part et sans possibilit\u00e9 de remonter ou communiquer avec la surface. Alors qu'ils sont confront\u00e9s \u00e0 leurs peurs les plus primaires, ils n'ont d'autres choix que de retenir leur souffle, contr\u00f4ler leur angoisse et d\u00e9couvrir la terreur la plus profonde. Ils vont devoir tout tenter pour rester en vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fNEai0Rp50kIaq8pqqkgKxM2j5p.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Huston (Engel)", "Joe Cole (Jones)", "Alan McKenna (Hurst)", "Matthew Goode (Mitchell)", "Ian Pirie (Karsen)", "Daisy Lowe (Emily Lou)", "Gemita Samarra (Lisa)", "Richard Bitta (Naval Security Officer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Trapped underwater in a pod and battling to the survive.\r\n\r\nI might be a little harsh with my rating on this, but I had my reasons. The film theme was not bad, pretty fresh, but the screenplay was not developed to its full potential. I know it is a low cost film with a limited cast, so I respect the production quality which really was better than what I expected, but the story was way simple and predictable. If it was a more edgy type, would have had best chance to impress the viewers, because there are lots people who take chances on small film like this.\r\n\r\nIt's a 'trapped' concept. You can call it an opposite to 'Gravity'. I mean that story takes place above us and this one below the sea water. I did not anticipate to that level, because I knew it's limit, yet not very convincing. The other reason is there are lots of awesome B movies with innovative ideas I have seen where this film narrowly failed.\r\n\r\nThis is a story of the diver's team who went to fix the damaged underwater pipeline gets trapped in a small pot after losing all the contact with their ship. So the team of four battles to survive in a hostile condition, especially the oxygen is their main concern till someone comes to rescue them. That's the story which reveals what happens to them in its 90 minute narration.\r\n\r\nThe cast and crew's effort must be appreciated, because shooting some 30-40 per cent of the film underwater is really a tough job. At the beginning it looked promising, but later on it did not stay that way, especially the end was a kind of let down. It is a fictional tale, nothing like 'The 33', otherwise even for an ordinary story that inspired by a real event gets our sympathy. I don't think it is worth a watch, unless you got lots of spare time and want to pass it, then it would make a decent timepass film.\r\n\r\n4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42869, 221343, 78088, 102222], "youtube_key": "notfound"}