{"tmdb_id": 252684, "title": "For Heaven's Sake", "original_title": "For Heaven's Sake", "slug_title": "for-heaven-s-sake", "date": "2008-09-23", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "SARAH MIILLER, known to her grandchildren as 'Nanny,' is still slim and athletic in her early seventies. She's a successful author, is feisty, intellectual and full of fun. Her granddaughter, KATIE WHITMAN is closest to her 'Nanny' and continually tries to get her to ride the highest roller coaster in the nearby theme park. Nanny refuses, confiding to Katie that she's deathly afraid of heights. This causes Katie to divulge her biggest secret that she is terrified of dying. Sarah hopes that she can help Katie deal with her anxieties over time.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gRrdKUxu8kQAp6w4myrLrMBe2Se.jpg", "actors": ["Florence Henderson (Sarah Miller)", "Allison Lange (Young Sarah)", "David Paetkau (Young David)", "Yaani King Mondschein (Ashley)", "Kathryn Gordon (Amy)", "Joseph Campanella (Donald Meeks)", "Stephanie Patton (Katie)", "Newell Alexander (Older David)", "Antonio D. Charity (Lamont Brown)", "Hugh Dane (Dr. Lowe)", "Jorge Elias (Sam)", "Ginger Ellis (Dr. Lily)", "Skyler Gisondo (Ben Whitman)", "Chloe Hunter (Ginger Hotchner)", "Lynda Lenet (Mrs. Bloomberg)", "Katie Lindsay (Julia)", "Nathan Lindsey (Brian)", "Norma Maldonado (Gloria)", "Paola Marcus (Maria)", "John Marcus (Eisenstadt)", "Quinn K. Redeker (Prof. Harris)", "Vincent Riverside (Elvis)", "James Tupper (Peter Whitman)", "Sewell Whitney (John Ford)", "Time Winters (Franklin Pangborn)", "Jacob Witkin (Dr. Hosmer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}