{"tmdb_id": 252838, "title": "T\u00e9moin \u00e0 louer", "original_title": "The Wedding Ringer", "slug_title": "temoin-a-louer", "date": "2015-01-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un homme solitaire se voit dans l\u2019obligation de r\u00e9mun\u00e9rer un inconnu pour lui servir de t\u00e9moin lors de son prochain mariage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u3gLkiOpkNb01r7yvrbbOfBJv3R.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Hart (Jimmy Callahan / Bic)", "Josh Gad (Doug Harris)", "Kaley Cuoco (Gretchen Palmer)", "Affion Crockett (Reggie / DrysDale)", "Jorge Garcia (Lurch / Garvey)", "Corey Holcomb (Otis / Alzado)", "Ken Howard (Ed Palmer)", "Cloris Leachman (Grandma Palmer)", "Jenifer Lewis (Doris Jenkins)", "Mimi Rogers (Lois Palmer)", "Aaron Takahashi (Endo)", "Olivia Thirlby (Alison Palmer)", "Nicky Whelan (Nadia)", "Alan Ritchson (Kip / Carew)", "Mimi Gianopulos (Mimi)", "Nikki Leigh (15 Year Old Girl)", "Amy Okuda (Marci)", "Catherine Chen (Hot Model)", "Dan Gill (Bronstein / Dickerson)", "Colin Kane (Fitzgibbons / Plunkett)", "Whitney Cummings (Holly Munk)", "Ignacio Serricchio (Edmundo / Dirty Eddie Sanchez)", "Patrick Carlyle (Andrew)", "Vicky Kadian (Vicky / Garvey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A comedy about to pull off the first ever Golden Tux.\r\n\r\nIn any movie if you see a sidekick rule, that has to be the Kevin Hart. He can handle the whole movie by himself and this film is a great example. It totally surprised me, I expected it to be an average film, but it was an awesome comedy. We have seen plenty of bride and groom and marriage related comedies, but this was a slightly different yet a fantastic treat.\r\n\r\nI don't think it was wonderful because of the jokes alone, but unique characters and actors who performed them were brought the fine outcome. I felt like I know what's coming, but the ending was simple and smart. Like always when I like a movie a lot I hope for a sequel to come and they should make one for this as well.\r\n\r\nIt's a Kevin Hart's time as a comedian, his top box office films are all from the recent time, so he must make use of it and I am expecting his upcoming projects. This is a perfect weekend movie to have some laughs. Middle finger to the film critics. I definitely recommended it not only for the film fanatics but all. Who knows you might find it much better than the recent 'Get Hard'.\r\n\r\n7\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [257091, 193893, 168530, 239573], "youtube_key": "R3TeI9jPPuA"}