{"tmdb_id": 253065, "title": "Miss Granny", "original_title": "\uc218\uc0c1\ud55c \uadf8\ub140", "slug_title": "miss-granny", "date": "2014-01-22", "genre": ["Familial / Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Oh Mal-Soon (Nah Moon-hee) is a 74-year-old widow that realizes she is becoming a burden on her family. As she is roaming the streets, she comes across a photo studio and decides to dress up for a self- portrait. When she walks out of the photo studio, she mysteriously turns back into her twenty year old self. Making the most out of this one in a lifetime opportunity, she changes her name to Oh Doo-Ri (Sim Eun-kyeong) and decides to make the most out of her youth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kQcSCLOxqJlRyqAPnj4B0UTXIfF.jpg", "actors": ["Shim Eun-kyung (Oh Doo Ri)", "Lee Jin-wook (Han Seung Woo)", "Park In-hwan (Mr. Park)", "Sung Dong-il (Ban Hyun Chul)", "Ha Yeon-joo (Soo-yeon)", "Jeong In-gi (Ban Hyun-chul's doctor friend)", "Na Moon-hee (Oh Mal-soon)", "Jeong Jin-young (Ban Ji-ha)", "Kim Hyun-sook (Na-Young)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "A Korean comedy-fantasy. One of the most admired senior actors by me from the Korean film industry is that Na Moon-Hee. So far I have watched some of her films and loved all of them. The title says it is her movie, but she did not stay much longer as the script demanded replacement after the opening few minutes.\r\n\r\nIf you know the movie's synopsis you will understand that it is a theme kind of switching back to younger ages. Yes, like the movie 'Big'. In her parts which were the opening portions she put a great performance. After that, the young 'Sunny' girl took over the role and led to another level of entertainment filled with music and fun. Her performance and expressions were so good like her previous movie.\r\n\r\n> _**_''That's why I want to take a photograph now. Before I grow more ugly.''_**_\r\n\r\nAs we know, the concept was too old, but the story wasn't, especially if you are a regular Hollywood movie viewer you would know that. But, surprisingly, this movie was enriched mainly because of the Korean flavor with the usual melodrama and a little clich\u00e9 at some point. It was not a special movie and offers nothing new if you are familiar with Korean films. Because they applied usual Korean movie style of fun to present the story. The story was kind of predictable and that does not stop you from getting entertained.\r\n\r\nWhat fascinated me about this movie was the end. The solution at the final act was well designed to fit for a movie with a concept like this to end in a better way. And further, a clean open for a possible sequel generates eagerness among the viewers if they had liked so far of the movie. It is nothing more than having a good time, which offers a little inspiration about our dream and family value. A good Korean movie, the family type movie, but everyone can enjoy it.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "ColinJ", "content": "A quintessential crowd-pleaser and huge box office hit in Korea that has spawned multiple remakes throughout the world.\r\n\r\nShim Eun-kyung gives a star-making performance as a cranky septaugenarian suddenly placed inside the body of her 20-year-old self."}], "recommandations_id": [254781, 107434, 80610, 229878], "youtube_key": "gtgbOFeDsso"}