{"tmdb_id": 253230, "title": "Kadhaveedu", "original_title": "\u0d15\u0d25\u0d35\u0d40\u0d1f\u0d4d", "slug_title": "kadhaveedu", "date": "2013-11-07", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/15HCYum0YSVeYv5UTHurxvspAH0.jpg", "actors": ["Kunchacko Boban (Raj Karthik)", "Bhama (Jeena)", "Biju Menon (Balachandran)", "Manoj K Jayan (Qadir)", "Mallika (Jameela)", "Lal (Major Frederick Mukundan)", "Rituparna Sengupta (Reeta)", "Kalabhavan Shajon (Johnny)", "Kasia Wezowski (Kasia)", "Patryk Wezowski (Patryk)", "Swapna Menon (Indulekha)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "neeshaan", "content": "Sohanlal's Kadha Veedu connects one story each from three celebrated Malayalam writers - M T Vasudevan Nair, Vaikkom Mohammed Basheer and Madhavikkutty.\r\n\r\nNow, the format is pretty interesting. Filmmaker Raj Karthi (Kunchacko Boban) and his live in partner Jeena (Bhama) are going through an emotional crisis, where she wants to get married but he is not ready for it as yet. He lives in his world of movies and the three stories are portions from his film and the intention is perhaps to connect it with the couple's real life.\r\n\r\nThe basic idea looks good but the film never really strikes a chord with the viewer. With deliberate efforts to look more serious than what it is, badly written dialogues and some half hearted performances makes this one, a rather boring affair.\r\n\r\nThe first story has Abdul Khadar (Manoj K Jayan) and Jameela (Mallika) as a loving couple. When the wife asks for two poovambazham, he takes all the efforts to get it but only manage to find some oranges.\r\n\r\nIn the next story, Major Frederic Mukundan (Lal) and his sexy wife Reetha (Rituaparna Sen Gupta) keep their romance intact even at their house called 'Dar-es-Salaam' even after several years of their marriage. Raj Karthy is instantly attracted to Reetha's ample charms and now, he reminisces those memories after so many years.\r\n\r\nIn the third story, Balachandran (Biju Menon) is finding it hard to come into terms with the sudden demise of his wife. His kids ask for neyypayasam that their mother made and are waiting for her return.\r\n\r\nThere is a definite effort from Sohanlal to find some meaning to this whole exercise, but the problem is that it has not been conveyed effectively on screen. T D Sreenivas' camera and M Jayachandran's music are fine at best.\r\n\r\nThe feeling you get is that almost every actor in the film has just done his or her roles without any real conviction.\r\n\r\nKadha Veedu is another attempt to make serious cinema in a pattern that has lost its charm with most viewers by now, due to its rampant misuse. It's pretentious to the core and will require real patience not to be bored even during the 105-minute duration of the film. Watch this one at your risk please!\r\n\r\nVerdict: Below Average"}], "recommandations_id": []}