{"tmdb_id": 25330, "title": "Sacr\u00e9 sale gosse", "original_title": "Dutch", "slug_title": "sacre-sale-gosse", "date": "1991-07-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Doyle est un adolescent snob, g\u00e9nie de l'informatique et dot\u00e9 d'un caract\u00e8re infernal. Il est plac\u00e9 en pension dans un coll\u00e8ge priv\u00e9. Sa m\u00e8re, Natalie, veut inviter son fils pour les f\u00eates de Thanksgiving, mais Doyle refuse. Dutch, le nouveau compagnon de sa m\u00e8re, d\u00e9cide d'aller le chercher. Leur rencontre est explosive. Ils vont se battre et se ha\u00efr. Dutch finit par abandonner Doyle sur la route pour le retrouver apr\u00e8s dans un motel o\u00f9 l'adolescent lui casse sa voiture. Pour poursuivre leur chemin, ils vivent plusieurs aventures qui vont les rapprocher. Devenus les meilleurs amis, ils arrivent enfin \u00e0 destination.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ounuaeza1uYu4mKbGglCQMbnysV.jpg", "actors": ["Ed O'Neill (Dutch Dooley)", "Ethan Embry (Doyle Standish)", "JoBeth Williams (Natalie Standish)", "Christopher McDonald (Reed Standish)", "Ari Meyers (Brock)", "Elizabeth Daily (Hailey)", "L. Scott Caldwell (Homeless Woman)", "Kathleen Freeman (Gritzi)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Olivergbyrne", "content": "I have watched this film so many time! The trailer of the movie describe really well what the movie is about \"The story of a boy who lost the child in himself and the man that helps him find it\". It's my favorite movie written by John Huges and I'm a big John Huges fan. Ethan Randall/Embry plays his part really well,he was perfect for the role of Doyle,He made the transition between the angry rude Doyle of the beginning of the film to the normal 12 year old kid you see at the end looks very natural and his chemistry with Ed Oneil is fantastic.\r\n\r\nEd Oneil one of the most underrated actor in America just because of his Al Bundy persona.I Love Ed,I grew up watching Married with Children and I have seen most of his other project,Including Modern family, obviously and the new yet short lived \"Dragnet\" TV show.That guy got style and he's ten times more talented than some of the guys you see on the big screen these days, Dutch was in my opinion his best role so far.\r\n\r\nWell this film is a classic in my book and it has a great message to it. I'll give it a 8 out of 10."}], "recommandations_id": [29973, 16297, 2617, 14361], "youtube_key": "aUFzngANOUQ"}