{"tmdb_id": 253344, "title": "Teach me love", "original_title": "Some Kind of Beautiful", "slug_title": "teach-me-love", "date": "2015-07-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Richard Haig est un professeur tr\u00e8s respect\u00e9 de Cambridge, o\u00f9 il enseigne la po\u00e9sie romantique du 18\u00e8me si\u00e8cle. Mais Richard est aussi un vrai s\u00e9ducteur qui multiplie les (jeunes) conqu\u00eates. Alors, quand Kate, une de ses \u00e9tudiantes, lui dit qu'elle est enceinte, ils partent s\u2019installer en Californie pour \u00e9lever leur enfant. Quelques ann\u00e9es plus tard, la s\u0153ur de Kate, Olivia, d\u00e9barque dans leur vie de mani\u00e8re inopin\u00e9e\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gNISIaKnEnoUTFVJIOMnOT0HuIh.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Alba (Kate)", "Pierce Brosnan (Richard Haig)", "Malcolm McDowell (Gordon)", "Salma Hayek (Olivia)", "Ben McKenzie (Brian)", "Marlee Matlin (Cindy)", "Ivan Sergei (Tim Prince)", "Fred Melamed (Piggott)", "Lindsey Sporrer (Misty)", "Duncan Joiner (Jake)", "Merrin Dungey (Angela)", "Lombardo Boyar (Ernesto)", "Lee Garlington (Wendy)", "Paul Rae (Chad)", "Erik Passoja (Officer Lewis)", "Robert Mailhouse (Alan)", "Seth Morris (Barry)", "Taylor John Smith (Dwight)", "Alex Sgambati (Stacy)", "David Saucedo (Pedro)", "Elizabeth Anweis (Anna)", "Marianne Muellerleile (Principal Chandler)", "Bonnie Hellman (Prissy Teacher Anita)", "Juliet Mills (Joan)", "Vaughn Wilkinson (Daryl)", "Sandy Martin (Susan Vale)", "Brandi Burkhardt (Pretty Desiree)", "Brittini London (Hot Waitress)", "Paul Fox (Gordon - Age 30)", "Oliver Bell (Richard - Age 7)", "Jason David (Jake - Age 2)", "Makena Taylor (Richard's TA)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some romance takes a complicated route to reach its destiny.**\r\n\r\nIt was a decent romance-comedy, but Pierce Brosnan was too old to play this role. However, I liked his performance and this film is worth watching because of his presence. The two female leads were just okay, especially Salma Hayek looked much better over Jessica Alba which seems her career is almost over. This is a story of a Cambridge professor who moved to the States after fallen in love with an American student. But just after a few years later he comes crashing down with trouble in the marriage, but he decides to fight for his son at any cost.\r\n\r\nThe story was good, but should have been improvised a little. And the theme might make uncomfortable for some because of a man falling in love with both the sister. Yet very matured and a fine flavour for people with the open mind. There were some fun, especially comparing the booze culture and students' behavious between the two countries. This is a three year old film, but got released different market at different time and I saw it now that I think it was much better than I anticipated after knowing the respond it's got.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [289727, 253235, 277547, 242042], "youtube_key": "5LXXzs1GjQo"}