{"tmdb_id": 253412, "title": "Everest", "original_title": "Everest", "slug_title": "everest", "date": "2015-09-10", "genre": "Aventure / Drame", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Inspir\u00e9 d'une d\u00e9sastreuse tentative d'ascension de la plus haute montagne du monde, Everest suit deux exp\u00e9ditions distinctes confront\u00e9es aux plus violentes temp\u00eates de neige que l'homme ait connues. Luttant contre l'extr\u00eame s\u00e9v\u00e9rit\u00e9 des \u00e9l\u00e9ments, le courage des grimpeurs est mis \u00e0 l'\u00e9preuve par des obstacles toujours plus difficiles \u00e0 surmonter alors que leur r\u00eave de toute une vie se transforme en un combat acharn\u00e9 pour leur salut.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uOFv8ZE6th3AcZFfyYfd9HPqSfG.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Clarke (Rob Hall)", "Jake Gyllenhaal (Scott Fischer)", "Josh Brolin (Beck Weathers)", "John Hawkes (Doug Hansen)", "Sam Worthington (Guy Cotter)", "Robin Wright (Peach Weathers)", "Keira Knightley (Jan Arnold)", "Clive Standen (Ed Viesturs)", "Emily Watson (Helen Wilton)", "Mia Goth (Meg Weathers)", "Michael Kelly (Jon Krakauer)", "Martin Henderson (Andy 'Harold' Harris)", "Elizabeth Debicki (Caroline Mackenzie)", "Tom Goodman-Hill (Neal Beidleman)", "Vanessa Kirby (Sandy Hill Pittman)", "Naoko Mori (Yasuko Namba)", "Mark Derwin (Lou Kasischke)", "Thomas M. Wright (Michael Groom)", "Ingvar Eggert Sigur\u00f0sson (Anatoli Boukreev)", "Ang Phula Sherpa (Ang Dorjee)", "Charlotte B\u00f8ving (Lene Gammelgaard)", "Pemba Sherpa (Lopsang)", "Amy Shindler (Charlotte Fox)", "Simon Harrison (Tim Madsen)", "Chris Reilly (Klev Schoening)", "Tim Dantay (John Taske)", "Todd Boyce (Frank Fischbeck)", "Justin Salinger (Ian Woodall)", "Stormur J\u00f3n Korm\u00e1kur Baltasarsson (Bub Weathers)", "Demetri Goritsas (Stuart Hutchison)", "Chike Chan (Makalu Gau)", "Micah A. Hauptman (David Breashears)", "Nancy Baldwin (Janie)", "Lucy Newman-Williams (Linda)", "Vijay Lama (Colonel Madan)", "Avin Shah (Co-Pilot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Director Baltasar Korm\u00e1kur\u2019s vast, encompassing vision thematically broaches the existential drive that consumes extreme climbers, questioning both the brusque heroism and innate fatalism of those that attempt to conquer such harsh climes...\"\r\n\r\nFull review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2015/9/10/everest.html"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "1996, and Mother Nature's big mama is playing her hand again.\r\n\r\nBased on a true story, Everest tells about a climbing expedition on the world's highest mountain that would become devastated by a severe snow storm.\r\n\r\nShe stands and watches over us all, she is Mount Everest, and climbing her is seen as one of the pinnacles of mountaineering. No matter how many lives are lost over the years, there will always be another group of adventurers ready to take on the mountain and the elements that come with her.\r\n\r\nThe ill fated 1996 trek up Everest gets a worthy cinematic treatment here. Sure it suffers from some of the pitfalls of the disaster movie genre, such as weak characterisations and fake sequences, but emotional investment is high and ready to be grasped by those so inclined. The drama on the mountain is gripping, and thankfully this is matched by the frantic concurrent story strands involving the family and friends waiting at base camp and the family homes. Cinematography is often breathtaking, the acting performances as solid as one of Everest' rock faces, but it's the story that sells itself. A tale well worth reading about, and the cynical among us should do well to remember this fact. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One of the most realistically approached adventure movie based on the real.\r\n\r\nI was completely surprised with the movie. Because I was expecting 'Vertical Limit' kind of movie. Like, you know, there's no heroic adventure with the incredible stunt sequences in it. But it was very real and more real. Usually while adapting the true events for the screen, unnecessary overdose stunts created to commercialise the product. But in this it was too much closer to the real world adventure, like a documentary film.\r\n\r\nIt was a man versus the mother nature and nothing else. The human villains were not included or the romance and other subplots. It was a multi starrer movie. Lots of big names played only a small role and magnified the expectation for the movie. But like I said expecting awesomeness will lead you to a great disappointment. One must approach this movie with a clear mind for a good result, because I felt the film very honest, and being honest is always a bit boring.\r\n\r\nThe film was emotionally very strong. No character developments, not individually, but the entire film was focused on one particular expedition taken by a couple of trekking teams that goes wrong after they got hit by a storm. This is Jason Clarke's one of the best films in a lead role, as well as for the director of 'Contraband'. I definitely regret missing it out in digital 3D. It is a good watch, absolutely refreshing from the mainstream commercial films.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [285783, 205775, 307081, 192141]}