{"tmdb_id": 25360, "title": "Jack, le tueur de g\u00e9ants", "original_title": "Jack the Giant Killer", "slug_title": "jack-le-tueur-de-geants", "date": "1962-05-17", "genre": "Aventure / Familial / Fantastique", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "L'ignoble sorcier Pendragon, banni d'Angleterre, veut s'emparer du tr\u00f4ne de Cornouailles en faisant abdiquer le roi et en \u00e9pousant sa ravissante fille, la princesse Elaine. Il la fait enlever par un de ses serviteur, un immense g\u00e9ant, mais Jack, un modeste fermier, parvient \u00e0 le tuer et sauve ainsi la belle captive. Mais Pendragon n'a pas renonc\u00e9 \u00e0 ses sombres desseins", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mVeX8H6ieboE4QBDr91rJEEX4IT.jpg", "actors": ["Kerwin Mathews (Jack)", "Judi Meredith (Princess Elaine)", "Torin Thatcher (Pendragon)", "Walter Burke (Gama)", "Don Beddoe (Imp)", "Barry Kelley (Sigurd)", "Dayton Lummis (King Mark)", "Anna Lee (Lady Constance)", "Roger Mobley (Peter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Medieval fairy tale with a noble hero, a beautiful princess, an evil wizard & spooky cronies***\r\n\r\nA wholesome farm-youth-turned-knight in medieval England (Kerwin Mathews) is enlisted to guard a princess (Judi Meredith) from the schemes of a wicked sorcerer (Torin Thatcher).\r\n\r\n\u201cJack the Giant Killer\u201d (1962) is similar to \u201cThe Magic Sword,\u201d which was released a couple of months earlier. Some people like to compare it to \u201cThe 7th Voyage of Sinbad\u201d (1958) because the hero and villain were also in that earlier movie, not to mention both films use stop-motion animation. But Jim Danforth\u2019s work here is no serious rival to Ray Harryhausen, although it\u2019s serviceable.\r\n\r\nKerwin makes for a great noble protagonist while Judi is winsome as the royal maiden and hot as the bewitched version of herself. Of course Thatcher just oozes ee-vil. One of the most impressive \u201ceffects\u201d is the wizard\u2019s gaggle of witch-ghouls. They\u2019re very well done and effectively scary in a cartoonish way. I would\u2019ve eaten this up as a kid. Yet there\u2019s certainly enough here for adults to enjoy (or for the kid-in-adults to enjoy).\r\n\r\nIf you like this movie and would like to see a more realistic, adult-oriented version of similar fairy tale events, check out the classy \u201cFirst Knight\u201d (1995). See my review for details.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 34 minutes and was shot at Santa Catalina Island, California, as well as Samuel Goldwyn Studios in West Hollywood. While these locations are adequate for the purposes of the movie, they don\u2019t look anything like Britain, although they could pass for the Mediterranean.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [84278, 54494]}