{"tmdb_id": 253759, "title": "Inspector Hornleigh Goes to It", "original_title": "Inspector Hornleigh Goes to It", "slug_title": "inspector-hornleigh-goes-to-it", "date": "1941-05-17", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Third and final film in the series of \u2018Inspector Hornleigh\u2019 comedy-thrillers. Inspector Hornleigh (Gordon Harker), disappointed at not being handed an important spy case, is assigned by Scotland Yard to an army barracks to investigate the mundane thefts of supplies from the stores. This accidentally leads Hornleigh and Sergeant Bingham (Alastair Sim) to a nest of fifth columnists when his dim-witted assistant carelessly talks to a girl in the cafeteria \u2013 and that night, news of Hornleigh and Bingham\u2019s arrival is embarrassingly transmitted back to Germany.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3LGGtK8s140QW6Didm1yLkV745E.jpg", "actors": ["Gordon Harker (Inspector Hornleigh)", "Alastair Sim (Sergeant Bingham)", "Phyllis Calvert (Mrs. Wilkinson)", "Edward Chapman (Mr. Blenkinsop)", "Charles Oliver (Dr. Wilkinson)", "Raymond Huntley (Dr. Kerbishley)", "Percy Walsh (Inspector Blow)", "David Horne (Commissioner)", "Peter Gawthorne (Colonel)", "Wally Patch (Sergeant Major)", "Betty Jardine (Daisy)", "O.B. Clarence (Professor Mackenzie)", "John Salew (Mr. Tomboy)", "Cyril Cusack (Postal Sorter)", "Bill Shine (Hotel Porter)", "Sylvia Cecil ()", "Edward Underdown ()", "Marie Makino ()", "Richard Cooper ()", "Noel Dainton (Corporal)", "Arthur Denton (Train Guard)", "Arthur Hambling (Joe)", "Allan Jeayes (Brigadeer Lloyd)", "James Knight (Cinema Manager)", "Stuart Latham (Mr. Jennings)", "George Street (Stores Sgt)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [130649, 55704, 106041, 129084], "youtube_key": "notfound"}