{"tmdb_id": 25386, "title": "Les 39 \u00e9tapes", "original_title": "The 39 Steps", "slug_title": "les-39-etapes", "date": "1959-03-13", "genre": "Aventure / Drame / Action / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Remake du film classique hitchcock. Alors que g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement pas aussi bon, il est un film plut\u00f4t amusant, et plus enjou\u00e9e que l'original. Ceci est largement d\u00fb \u00e0 l'action de Kenneth More.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cZLUatB2zJy03q2d2tyAmlTevKl.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth More (Richard Hannay)", "Taina Elg (Miss Fisher)", "James Hayter (Mr Memory)", "Barry Jones (Professor Arthur Logan)", "Barbara Steele (Extra)", "Brenda De Banzie (Nellie Lumsden)", "Faith Brook (Mandy Robinson (\"Nannie\"))", "Joan Hickson (Miss Dobson)", "Sid James (Perce Baker)", "Leslie Dwyer (Milkman)", "Jameson Clark (MacDougal)", "Betty Henderson (Mrs, MacDougal)", "Reginald Beckwith (Lumdsen)", "Marianne Stone (Hospital Administrator (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Here's to you Mrs. Robinson.\r\n\r\nThe 39 Steps is directed by Ralph Thomas and adapted to screenplay by Frank Harvey from the novel of the same name written by John Buchan. It stars Kenneth More, Taina Elg, Brenda De Banzie, Barry Jones, Reginald Beckwith and Faith Brook. Music is by Clifton Parker and cinematography by Ernest Steward.\r\n\r\nSome found it hard to differentiate this interpretation of the classic novel from the superb Alfred Hitchcock version made in 1935. Which is a shame because on its own terms this is a fun packed mystery boosted by More's effervescent charm.\r\n\r\nStory is a cracker, Richard Hannay (More) finds himself up to his neck in espionage after a mysterious lady is stabbed to death in is flat. Trying to get to the bottom of the mystery puts him in grave danger and takes him North to Scotland, where he hopes he can clear himself of the suspected murderer rap - and unravel the words he heard - The 39 Steps.\r\n\r\nNo! It isn't as good as Hitch's film, choosing to replace out and out suspense with a more humoristic approach, but the chase yarn aspects are briskly directed by Thomas, and the Scottish locations provided a wonderful backdrop to the fun drama. This same year Hammer Films put a different spin on The Hound of the Baskervilles, with fine results. So it be with the Rank Organisation and this take on the Buchan story. Good fun and well worth a look if you haven't seen it before. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31569, 65487, 43037, 31621]}