{"tmdb_id": 253, "title": "Vivre et laisser mourir", "original_title": "Live and Let Die", "slug_title": "vivre-et-laisser-mourir", "date": "1973-07-05", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "007 est appel\u00e9 \u00e0 la rescousse pour mettre fin \u00e0 l'h\u00e9catombe meurtri\u00e8re qui d\u00e9cime les agents secrets britanniques. Enqu\u00eatant \u00e0 New York, dans le quartier de Harlem, il affronte un ca\u00efd de la drogue, le redoutable Docteur Kananga et sa comparse, l'\u00e9trange Blanche Solitaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nxDyuEZGhaHpv7KYkEXY3Q1uhiJ.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Moore (James Bond)", "Yaphet Kotto (Kananga/Mr. Big)", "Jane Seymour (Solitaire)", "Clifton James (Sheriff J.W. Pepper)", "Julius Harris (Tee Hee)", "Geoffrey Holder (Baron Samedi)", "David Hedison (Felix Leiter)", "Gloria Hendry (Rosie Carver)", "Bernard Lee (M)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Tommy Lane (Adam)", "Earl Jolly Brown (Whisper)", "Lon Satton (Strutter)", "Madeline Smith (Miss Caruso)", "Roy Stewart (Quarrel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Roger Moore\u2019s fun and colorful debut as 007 \r\n\r\nAgent 007 (Roger Moore) travels from Harlem to the Caribbean to Louisiana to stop a black heroin mogul (Yaphet Kotto) fortified with a multifarious organization and a lovely tarot card reader (Jane Seymour).\r\n\r\nThis was Moore\u2019s dynamic debut as Bond. He did 7 films for the franchise in 13 years from 1973-1985. The tone of \u201cLive and Let Die\u201d is similar to Sean Connery\u2019s final canon Bond flick, \u201cDiamonds Are Forever\u201d (1971). Moore\u2019s stint is my favorite run in the series with all seven films being kinetic, amusing, scenic and just all-around entertaining. There\u2019s not one stinker in the bunch and they were all profitable at the box office. \r\n\r\nAside from the picturesque globetrotting, \u201cLive and Let Die\u201d features several colorful characters beyond those already noted: The metal-armed Tee Hee (Julius Harris), the chortling voodoo minion Baron Samedi (Geoffrey Holder) and redneck Sheriff JW Pepper (Clifton James). On the female front, Seymour is young & cute while Gloria Hendry is impressively fit as Rosie. The head-turning Madeline Smith has a small role. In addition, there are several memorable thrilling parts, like the amusing airport sequence, Bond using crocogators as stepping stones, the great bayou boat chase and the closing train cab brouhaha.\r\n\r\nAs far as the movie being \u201cracist,\u201d as SJW\u2019s whine, the character Agent Quarrel Jr. (Roy Stewart) blows that whole eye-rolling idiot-theory.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 1 minute and was shot in Manhattan, Jamaica and Louisiana (New Orleans & the bayous) with additional work done in England.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [691, 682, 699, 700]}