{"tmdb_id": 254172, "title": "Fathers and Daughters", "original_title": "Fathers and Daughters", "slug_title": "fathers-and-daughters", "date": "2015-10-01", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Un c\u00e9l\u00e8bre romancier veuf se bat contre la maladie au moment o\u00f9 il essaie d'\u00e9duquer sa fille de cinq ans, \u00e0 New York. On retrouve celle-ci, vingt-cinq ans plus tard, \u00e0 Manhattan, tentant de surmonter ses traumatismes d'enfance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fgzp7gGea27hN5d26mgKtZJQgX7.jpg", "actors": ["Amanda Seyfried (Katie Davis)", "Russell Crowe (Jake Davis)", "Aaron Paul (Cameron)", "Diane Kruger (Elizabeth)", "Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis (Lucy)", "Bruce Greenwood (William)", "Janet McTeer (Carolyn)", "Kylie Rogers (Young Katie)", "Jane Fonda (Theodora)", "Octavia Spencer (Dr. Corman)", "Brendan Griffin (Evan)", "Ryan Eggold (John)", "Jenny Vos (Tricia)", "Chris Douglass (Brian)", "Jake Scheib (Andrew)", "Matt Scheib (Michael)", "John Shepard (McNally)", "Jason McCune (Wilton)", "Paula Marshall (Laura Garner)", "Darren Eliker (Dr. Barrett)", "Santiago Veizaga (Diego)", "Claire Chapelli (Nancy)", "Sam Turich (Aaron)", "Bri Sche Fair (Mariah)", "Vanessa McCarthy-Johnson (Dottie)", "Michelle Veintimilla (Woman at Cameron's Apartment)", "Frank Conforti (Cab Driver)", "Jason Shavers (Singing Waiter 1)", "Jesse Dillon Sorrells (Singing Waiter 2)", "Brian Muller (Singing Waiter 3)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When they had each other...\r\n\r\nI anticipated an emotional tale from the director who is quite famous for it, and yes, it was, but not as I was looking for, yet I still liked it for portraying a beautiful father-daughter relationship. It was not like all about the happy scenarios, but it began with a tragedy and then moved to narrate a father who struggles to provide a better life for her daughter when his health was getting worse every day. In another layer, the story focused on the grown up daughter who struggles as well, but to get close to the people which affected since her childhood days with her father.\r\n\r\nRussell Crowe played an energetic father like he was in his 30s, especially when he shows the affections to his daughter. The little girl who played the daughter role as well so fantastic. The disappointment was as usual Amanda Seyfried like any of her movies. I like her as a human being, no offense but not as an actress. Apart from her portions, it is not a bad movie.\r\n\r\nIt was about one father and one daughter, but the title was plural. You should see the movie that has a simple explanation for it. The girl and her father's story should have been the entire movie. With some catchy moments between them would have made it an awesome product. As expected the end was emotional, and another layer's end was terrible which was obviously Seyfried's. I wanted to like it, but I can't. This movie would bring a mixed response that you can't decide whether you liked it or not, but mostly you might respond positively.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [290542, 328901, 295964, 37056]}