{"tmdb_id": 254263, "title": "Le Cygne et la Princesse: Une famille royale", "original_title": "The Swan Princess: A Royal Family Tale", "slug_title": "le-cygne-et-la-princesse-une-famille-royale", "date": "2014-02-25", "genre": "Animation / Familial / Fantastique", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Juliette et Arthur rencontrent une petite fille, devenue orpheline au cours d\u2019un \u00e9v\u00e9nement tragique. Alors que la petite fille se lie d\u2019amiti\u00e9 avec le prince et la princesse, elle est kidnapp\u00e9e par d\u2019\u00e9tranges petites cr\u00e9atures, les Scullions\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/clAiG4zi2AS9JtQ0E1natWofMYE.jpg", "actors": ["Laura Bailey (Princess Odette (voice))", "Yuri Lowenthal (Prince Derek (voice))", "Joseph Medrano (Lord Rogers (voice))", "James Arrington (Chamberlain (voice))", "Darrel Guilbeau (Father (voice))", "Jan Broberg (Uberta (singing voice))", "Joel Bishop (Speed (singing voice))", "Carly Fogelson (Alise)", "Julia Fogelson (Little Girl Scullion)", "Doug Stone (Speed the turtle)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Niko", "content": "where the hell to start with this thing? i'm gonna start by saying: i don't like Swan Princess. i never did and i never will. the fact that it somehow spawned 4 sequels god damn sequels make me cringe! and in February this year, they gave Swan Princess 5. the sequel to Swan Princess Christmas, a piece of garbage that i absolutely hated. that makes Swan Princess 5 hands down the worst animated movie of this year. why?\r\n\r\n1. the plot makes no sense, it's filled with unanswered questions and plot holes.\r\n2. the animation's terrible. yeah, it's a tiny bit better than the previous movie, but oh my god! everything here looks terribly cheap, like something outta a lost PS1 video game.\r\n3. the voice acting's phoned in. nobody here was actually trying.\r\n4. The Forbidden Arts has to be one of the worst baddies i ever seen in a movie!  all he ever does up til the end, is just sit in his shitty crystal, yelling and groaning all the damn time, and even when he does try to kill Odette and the others, he still sucks ass.\r\n5. the writing's really bad, with terrible dialogue and cheesy lines, which kinda fits with the phoned-in voice acting. cause when you're handed a shitty script like this, don't expect good stuff from it.\r\n\r\nbut what's unforgivable for this movie are the characters. oh sweet Jesus! these characters are so obnoxious, so annoying, so unlikable and so underdeveloped that you don't give a shit about what's gonna happen to them. and yeah, that little half-ass backstory at the start of the movie, that doesn't help at all! so if you're a fan of this franchise or fan of movies in general, stay away from this shit!"}], "recommandations_id": [141102, 275318, 54113, 24662]}