{"tmdb_id": 254302, "title": "High-Rise", "original_title": "High-Rise", "slug_title": "high-rise", "date": "2015-11-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "1975, le Dr Robert Laing, en qu\u00eate d\u2019anonymat, emm\u00e9nage pr\u00e8s de Londres dans un nouvel appartement d\u2019une tour \u00e0 peine achev\u00e9e; mais il va vite d\u00e9couvrir que ses voisins, obs\u00e9d\u00e9s par une \u00e9trange rivalit\u00e9, n\u2019ont pas l\u2019intention de le laisser en paix\u2026 Bient\u00f4t, il se prend \u00e0 leur jeu. Et alors qu\u2019il se d\u00e9m\u00e8ne pour faire respecter sa position sociale; ses bonnes mani\u00e8res et sa sant\u00e9 mentale commencent \u00e0 se d\u00e9t\u00e9riorer en m\u00eame temps que l\u2019immeuble : les \u00e9clairages et l\u2019ascenseur ne fonctionnent plus mais la f\u00eate continue ! L\u2019alcool est devenu la premi\u00e8re monnaie d\u2019\u00e9change et le sexe la panac\u00e9e. Ce n\u2019est que bien plus tard que le Dr Laing, assis sur son balcon en train de faire r\u00f4tir le chien de l\u2019architecte du 40\u00e8me \u00e9tage, se sent enfin chez lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hz3GXwcJC5csPZQa4PMbqmiPqDc.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hiddleston (Dr. Robert Laing)", "Sienna Miller (Charlotte Melville)", "Jeremy Irons (Anthony Royal)", "Luke Evans (Richard Wilder)", "Elisabeth Moss (Helen Wilder)", "Reece Shearsmith (Nathan Steele)", "Peter Ferdinando (Cosgrove)", "Daniel Renton Skinner (Simmons)", "James Purefoy (Pangbourne)", "Stacy Martin (Fay)", "Keeley Hawes (Ann Royal)", "Sienna Guillory (Jane Sheridan)", "Augustus Prew (Munrow)", "Julia Deakin (Jean)", "Tony Way (Robert the Caretaker)", "Leila Mimmack (Laura)", "Bill Paterson (Mercer)", "Enzo Cilenti (Talbot)", "Louis Suc (Toby)", "Emilia Jones (Vicky)", "Neil Maskell (P.C. White)", "Alexandra Weaver (Lucy)", "Victoria Wicks (Miriam)", "Joseph Harmon (George)", "Dylan Edwards (Dominic)", "Toby Williams (Bobby)", "Siobh\u00e1n O'Kelly (Suzie)", "Maggie Cronin (Mrs. Munrow)", "Patrick Fitzsymons (Mr. Munrow)", "Eileen Davies (Mrs. Hillman)", "Kenneth Hadley (Mr. Hillman)", "Patrick Buchanan (Gym Instructor)", "Colin Ash (Kid's Party Dad)", "Colin Carnegie (Resident)", "Michael Condron (Delivery Man)", "Richard Croxford (Upper Floor Resident)", "Graham Duff (Queue Person)", "Matt Faris (Barricader)", "Karen Hassan (Young Woman)", "Monique Kelly (Wine Woman)", "Faolan Morgan (Groping Man)", "Chris Patrick-Simpson (Shopper)", "Sara Dee (High-Rise (voice))", "Fenella Woolgar (Radio (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A dystopian-thriller-drama in a retro effect.**\r\n\r\nA new British dystopian-drama sets in a single 40 storey building revolving around the people who resides there. It was based on the novel of the same name which has a great cast and a decently made film. But it is kind of a 50-50 to me, mostly I enjoyed with a little disappointment in some parts. First of all I did not know anything about the film, so surprised with its development, especially when it reached its midway I realised the theme. The setting was great, and well performed by all, particularly the Tom Hiddleton which is very rare to see him in a lead role.\r\n\r\nIt was the story of a doctor who moved to his new residency in a high-rise tower and tries to blend in with the others. But as the world is falling apart by the collapse of the society and civilisation, his tower block as well affected very seriously of all kinds of supplies where he confronts various threats from its people. The remaining story concentrates where it is going to end and how with some high and low moments.\r\n\r\nOccasionally, the narration takes us outside the building, but it does not stay there long enough. At present there are many dystopian films are made, especially for teens, so this is really good and gives the 70s and 80s kind of effect, despite technologically it resembles the current world. Not many people who watched it liked it, so did I. It was not that bad, but the story was not appealing to the 2016 audience, where so many hi-tech films hitting the screen in dystopian theme. From that perspective, it is good we have here a different kind, but not enough. It would have become one of the classic cult if it was made in the 80s or should have been updated thoroughly for making it today.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [245703, 152603, 117974, 334521], "youtube_key": "9dPp1PmNc5M"}