{"tmdb_id": 254320, "title": "The Lobster", "original_title": "The Lobster", "slug_title": "the-lobster", "date": "2015-07-10", "genre": ["Thriller / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans un futur proche\u2026 Toute personne c\u00e9libataire est arr\u00eat\u00e9e, transf\u00e9r\u00e9e \u00e0 l'H\u00f4tel et a 45 jours pour trouver l\u2019\u00e2me soeur. Pass\u00e9 ce d\u00e9lai, elle sera transform\u00e9e en l'animal de son choix. Pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 ce destin, un homme s'enfuit et rejoint dans les bois un groupe de r\u00e9sistants ; les Solitaires.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yR60EqMGS9hHq9I5Pkq2hG984TP.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Farrell (David)", "Rachel Weisz (Short Sighted Woman)", "L\u00e9a Seydoux (Loner Leader)", "Ben Whishaw (John)", "Ariane Labed (The Maid)", "John C. Reilly (Robert)", "Jessica Barden (Nosebleed Woman)", "Olivia Colman (Hotel Manager)", "Ashley Jensen (Biscuit Woman)", "Angeliki Papoulia (Heartless Woman)", "Michael Smiley (Loner Swimmer)", "Jacqueline Abrahams (Donkey Shooter)", "Roger Ashton-Griffiths (Doctor)", "Anthony Dougall (70 Year Old Waiter)", "Sean Duggan (Guard Waiter)", "Roland Ferrandi (Loner Leader's Father)", "James Finnegan (Bald Man)", "Robert Heaney (Restaurant Waiter)", "Rosanna Hoult (David's Wife)", "Jaro (Bob the Dog)", "Ryac (Bob the Dog)", "Kathy Kelly (Police Officer 1)", "Ewen MacIntosh (Trainer Waiter (Shooting Range))", "Patrick Malone (Campari Man)", "Sandra Hayden Mason (Arrested Town Woman)", "Kevin McCormack (Police Officer 2)", "Ishmael Moalosi (Bandaged Loner)", "Anthony Moriarty (30 Year Old Waiter)", "Garry Mountaine (Hotel Manager's Partner)", "Judi King Murphy (Guest Room 104)", "Laoise Murphy (New Daughter)", "Imelda Nagle Ryan (Loner Leader's Mother)", "Nancy Onu (Hotel Receptionist)", "Matthew O'Brien (Trapped Loner)", "Emma O'Shea (Nosebleed Woman's Best Friend)", "Chris Threader (Coach Driver Waiter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Another peculiar dystopian tale set in the future.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of the Oscars nominated movie 'Dogtooth'. If you are familiar with his signature movie, you will find it so good. This is not the best movie I had seen that set in the future, but like any other it was another dystopian tale. A black comedy-romance with a decent storyline, performances and overall a nice entertainer.\r\n\r\nThe pace was very depressing, but I kept hooked to it for its frequent unpredictable scenes. The first act took place in a hotel which is the introduction to the odd world and the situation where the plot opens. When it moved to the 2nd half, especially after Rachel Weisz come into the frame, the entire scenario changed to atypical romance mode and kept that way till the last with a simple twist in the finale.\r\n\r\nColin Ferrell's character was something like the one from the movie 'Her'. But not the same movie, or the theme, except the combination of the genres. It was a good movie, I enjoyed it, but not as much as others say they did. IMPO, it is a one time watch movie for its peculiarness.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was an odd experience, as I just recently ended a self-imposed 12-year moratorium on relationships, due to a couple of bad ones I had within a short period of time in the early 2000's. It was very intriguing to see a type of dystopia exist in which 'singledom' was so vilified to the point of actually being against the law. I would never have previously thought that such a state of events was possible, but recent trends in 'political correctedness' on the one hand and both religious and political radicalism on the other means that, sadly, nothing is impossible anymore. I thought it was a remarkable idea for a film, and both the soundtrack and cinematography were outstanding. The bizarre script and bold direction brought forth some of the best acting I have yet seen from Colin Ferrell, Rachel Weisz and John C. Reilly, as well.\r\n\r\nI'm definitely looking forward to seeing other films by this brazenly original writer/director. Long may his almost-Bunuelian take on things go forth."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This was Yorgos Lanthimos' English language debut. It was really funny. All of the actors had to perform their lines straight-faced and with no emotion which is very strange at first.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay and direction of the film was very intelligent and perfectly highlights the themes of the film. This film was very quirky and unique and so I really enjoyed it.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [68722, 38810, 291270, 83666], "youtube_key": "fpt0tn1-54k"}