{"tmdb_id": 254472, "title": "Stung, les gu\u00eapes tueuses", "original_title": "Stung", "slug_title": "stung-les-guepes-tueuses", "date": "2015-07-03", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Un d\u00eener mondain tourne au cauchemar lorsque le jardin est envahi de gu\u00eapes mutantes,  devenues g\u00e9antes \u00e0 cause d'un engrais surpuissant ill\u00e9galement import\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o6bakUIpKWf1Sjf0M3P6JWtYuzR.jpg", "actors": ["Matt O'Leary (Paul)", "Jessica Cook (Julia)", "Lance Henriksen (Caruthers)", "Clifton Collins Jr. (Sydney)", "David Masterson (Mr. Markham)", "Cecilia Pillado (Flora)", "Kathleen Renish (Mrs. Markham)", "Florentine Lahme (Gweneth)", "Eve Slatner (Mrs. Perch)", "Daniele Rizzo (Larry)", "Tony de Maeyer (Doc Withney)", "Benedikt Bothe (Gardener 1)", "Tommy Kreiselmaier (Gardener 2)", "Benni Diez (Firefighter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a pretty classical horror movie. If you are a fan of these kind of movies I would say that it is worth watching. If your are not into these kind of movies you are probably going to find it \u2026 not so good.\n\nThe story is obviously somewhat ludicrous. It is the usual nonsense about someone using chemical waste. In this case mixed up with fertilizer in the garden which causes wasps to mutate into some kind of Alien-like species that invades peoples bodies after being stung and spawns mutant, giant killer wasps.\n\nEven if the story is somewhat ludicrous the movie is somewhat entertaining though. I especially like the fact that it is not the usual, nonsensical, teenage group goes partying with a lot of drugs kind of crap. The main characters here are actually somewhat intelligent.\n\nThere are also a few characters that are quite likable, unlike in the standard Hollywood fare in this genre. I did quite like the old geezer that, almost, managed to make it to the end.\n\nThe special effects are somewhat mediocre, at least when the wasps are shown in their entirety. There are a few gory effects but really nothing to write home about.\n\nSome things were rather silly though and the silliness accelerated towards the end. The giant burning wasp was rather over the top. The end? Well, I expected the usual it-is-not-over kind of ending (it is a horror movie after all) but the flying things at the end was really moving the movie into comedy land.\n\nStill a somewhat entertaining horror / comedy movie and I have to say that I liked this movie more than a few of the \u201chorror\u201d movies, with a lot higher budget, that has come out of Hollywood lately, mostly due to the characters not being totally stupid."}], "recommandations_id": [323366, 301846, 92395, 291865]}