{"tmdb_id": 254524, "title": "Hollywood Goes to Town", "original_title": "Hollywood Goes to Town", "slug_title": "hollywood-goes-to-town", "date": "1938-07-07", "genre": [""], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "This short shows how Hollywood gets ready for the world premiere of an \"important\" movie. The film celebrated here is Marie Antoinette (1938), which had its premiere at the Carthay Circle Theatre. We see the street leading to the theatre transformed to suggest a garden that might be seen in a French palace. This includes the placement of trees and other foliage, as well as large statues along the route. Grandstands are set up so fans can see their favorite stars as they arrive for the premiere. Finally, the proverbial \"galaxy of stars\" arrives in their limousines. Fanny Brice and Pete Smith make remarks at the microphone set up on the carpet outside the theatre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wkvPTKrUGgnd1nWBBav9dinNYcn.jpg", "actors": ["Judy Garland (Herself)", "Spencer Tracy (Himself)", "James Stewart (Himself)", "Clark Gable (Himself)", "Barbara Stanwyck (Herself)", "Norma Shearer (Herself)", "Tyrone Power (Himself)", "John Barrymore (Himself)", "Fanny Brice (Herself)", "Robert Young (Himself)", "Don Wilson (Himself)", "Freddie Bartholomew ()", "Una Merkel ()", "Fernand Gravey ()", "Elaine Barrie ()", "Florence Rice ()", "Adrian ()", "Jeanette MacDonald ()", "Helen Hayes ()", "Hedy Lamarr ()", "Reginald Gardiner ()", "Douglas Fairbanks Jr. ()", "Merle Oberon ()", "Paul Muni ()", "Charles Boyer ()", "Pat Paterson ()", "Clarence Brown ()", "Jack Benny ()", "Mary Livingstone ()", "Claudette Colbert ()", "Simone Simon ()", "Virginia Bruce ()", "J. Walter Ruben ()", "Robert Montgomery ()", "Carole Lombard ()", "Robert Taylor ()", "Billy Gilbert ()", "Elsa Maxwell ()", "Ed Sullivan ()", "Frank Whitbeck ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}