{"tmdb_id": 254675, "title": "Entertain Me: A Film About the Deftones", "original_title": "Entertain Me: A Film About the Deftones", "slug_title": "entertain-me-a-film-about-the-deftones", "date": "2002-12-31", "genre": "Documentaire / Musique", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a8r0nO7eKz08qyh0YZMotnIrccj.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Carpenter ()", "Abe Cunningham ()", "chino moreno ()", "Frank Delgado ()", "Chi Cheng ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "alienbiker99", "content": "\u201cENTERTAIN ME\u201d was a tour documentary filmed while the band was promoting White Pony that Maverick wisely decided upon shelving. And it\u2019s for the best really, because as it shows, not all was sunny and bright in the deftones camp. After relentless touring across the world for 5-6 years, and in addition to their tireless gigging in the years prior, the band had become fairly exhausted. Most obviously affected by the stress is Moreno, no longer the soft-spoken shy young man of various earlier interviews. Instead, he is resentful of his label, and of his fame. And, as witnessed to a marginal degree, his own pattern of substance abuse was beginning. Granted, it\u2019s a bit self-indulgent, and the band doesn\u2019t appear to be suffering or display it as much as for example Radiohead would present on their \u201cMeeting People Is Easy\u201d. And weirdly enough, the internal problems weren\u2019t the worst thing occurring for them; after years of refining and retooling themselves into the beast of burden they\u2019d become, deftones were actually becoming irrelevant. And the harbinger of their doom was opening for them as they toured the UK.\r\n\r\n\u2014 Maxwell Cavaseno (http://lyingaboutiguanas.tumblr.com/)"}], "recommandations_id": []}