{"tmdb_id": 254682, "title": "The Man from Morocco", "original_title": "The Man from Morocco", "slug_title": "the-man-from-morocco", "date": "1945-04-17", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "With the ending of the Spanish Civil War, a dispirited band of volunteers from the International Brigades seeks refuge in France. But on reaching the frontier the band is disarmed, and all are detained as political prisoners. Then come instructions from Vichy that all fit prisoners are to be sent to Morocco to work on the Sahara railway for the Germans. However, one man manages to escape to London with vital information for the Allies...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1xTRY58wouvBNFjyQ7jhoSbvcXi.jpg", "actors": ["Adolf Wohlbr\u00fcck (Karel Langer)", "Margaretta Scott (Manuela)", "Mary Morris (Sarah Duboste)", "Reginald Tate (Ricardi)", "Peter Sinclair (Jock Sinclair)", "David Horne (Dr. Duboste)", "Hartley Power (Col. Bagley)", "Sybille Binder (Erna)", "Charles Victor (Bourdille)", "Joseph Almas (Franz)", "John McLaren (Pete)", "Dennis Arundell (Gatzini)", "Andr\u00e9 Randall (French General)", "Carl Jaffe (German General)", "Orlando Martins (Jeremiah)", "Paul Demel (August)", "David Baxter (Carlos)", "Margaret Emden (Mrs. Morgan)", "Jan Van Loewen (Guard Mobile)", "Paul Sheridan (Lt. Gerard)", "Gwen Bateman (Nurse)", "Henry Morrell (Treville)", "Stuart Lindsell (Col. Appleby)", "Roger Snowden (Italian barber)", "Harold Berens (Ali)", "Glyn Rowland (Julian)", "Marie Ault (Hoteli\u00e8re)", "Paul Bonifas (French mayor)", "Robert Arden (American Sergeant (as Bob Arden))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}