{"tmdb_id": 255421, "title": "Idhu Kathirvelan Kadhal", "original_title": "Idhu Kathirvelan Kadhal", "slug_title": "idhu-kathirvelan-kadhal", "date": "2014-02-14", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Kathir (Udhayanidhi) a Madurai lad goes to Coimbatore with a purpose and very soon flips for the charms of a beautiful Pavithra (Nayanthara) who is their neighbor. But Pavithra is already in love with her friend Gautham (Sundar) who is 'not a nice guy'. Kathir who was looking out for his friend at college Mayil (Santhanam) bumps into suddenly and he turns love advisor for Kathir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qIdqm2PcalC5zkq5avkrqq3r2WE.jpg", "actors": ["Udhayanidhi Stalin (Kathirvelan)", "Nayanthara (Pavithra)", "Chaya Singh (Vineethra Shanmugam)", "Santhanam (Mayilvaganam)", "Saranya Ponvannan (Yasothammal)", "Sunder Ramu (Gautham)", "Vanitha Krishnachandran (Pavithra's mother)", "Mayilsamy (Pala Kural Mannan Balaraman)", "Jayaprakash (Mahalingam, Pavithra's father)", "Adukalam Naren (Kathirvelan's father)", "Aadukalam Murugadoss (Kathirvelan's friend)", "Ganeshkar ()", "Bharath Reddy ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Kathirvelan is your average boy next door, with a loving family. He is a Hanuman devotee who doesn't want to be interested in girls. He goes to Coimbatore to patch up his sister with her husband (she has eloped top marry the guy but has returned after a minor tussle) and there, he meets Pavithra, the girl living opposite his brother-in-law's house. He, not surprisingly, falls in love with her and with the help of his friend Mayilvaganan tries to woo her. But she thinks she loves Gautham, her friend who is actually a rogue. There is also an enmity between her dad and Kathir's brother-in-law. And, then, there is Kathir's dad, who, already betrayed by his daughter, expects his son to stay true to him.\r\n\r\nIf Udhayanidhi wanted to play it safe in his debut Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, he continues in the same vein here and so, your reaction to this film, obviously, is OK OK. He is the happy-go-lucky guy who is not above going after his girl (read stalking) but is decent enough to wish her happiness even after she rejects him. And, with a plot that feels only too familiar, director Prabhakaran (who earlier directed Sundarapandian) loosely strings together scenes that are funny in parts (largely due to Santhanam's one-liners) and sentimental enough to bring in the \"family audience\".\r\n\r\nThe film isn't bad per se but displays very little ambition and is only mildly interesting.\r\n\r\nEvery conflict is resolved in a matter of two or three scenes \u2014 and in very convenient fashion \u2014 that nothing seems to be a serious-enough obstacle. Gautham only wants to bed Pavithra, while she has fallen in love with him, but this sub-plot gets resolved through a scene in which Kathir overhears Gautham's intentions and warns Pavithra. The long-standing enmity between Kathir's brother-in-law and Pavithra's father, which could come between their romance is resolved lightheartedly with a mimicry artist, in a cinematic manner! Even the final problem \u2014 of convincing Kathir's dad \u2014 is resolved with a couple of heavy-handed sentimental dialogues. In one scene, Santhanams exclaim how many flashbacks he will be made to suffer, and it is as is the director is telling us that he realizes these problems, and assuring us that as long as it is entertaining, we needn't bother."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "vBUswX5Zln0"}