{"tmdb_id": 255552, "title": "My Brother's Keeper", "original_title": "H\u00fcter meines Bruders", "slug_title": "my-brother-s-keeper", "date": "2014-02-07", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Two very different brothers: Gregor (32) and Pietschi (30). Whereas one is reliable and committed, the other is spontaneous and aimless. Gregor is married and is a good doctor; Pietschi in contrast is something of a ladies\u2019 man and a hedonist. According to tradition, the two see each other at least once a year for a weekend of sailing. But this year Pietschi drops out without leaving a message, and simply disappears. Gregor\u2019s life goes on, but he is confused and searches everywhere for a sign of his brother\u2019s whereabouts. The more Gregor realises how little he knows about his brother, the more he becomes fascinated by these things he doesn't know. And the longer Pietschi remains missing, the more obsessed Gregor becomes with his brother\u2019s fading echo, even going so far as to try and slip into his brother\u2019s life. But what happens when one of them suddenly disappears from the mirror image? Can the other continue to be the person they are. Or rather, were?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ar6JVbxY6uCkf0kJLtjWm2hRC1i.jpg", "actors": ["Sebastian Zimmler (Gregor Mordelt)", "Robert Finster (Pietschi Mordelt)", "Nadja Bobyleva (Jule)", "Dagny Dewath (Andrea)", "Anna Gehlen (Greta)", "Madeleine Krakor (Dana)", "Katja Liebing (Ingrid)", "Antonia Lingemann (Janine Schneider)", "Christoph Schechinger (Johannes)", "Lisa Bihl (Nachbarin)", "Heike Trinker (Frieda Goldmann)", "Dagmar Operskalski (Frau Schneider)", "Markus Tomczyk (Thomas)", "Maximilian Strestik (Polizist)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "2okDXNo1muI"}