{"tmdb_id": 25563, "title": "Femmes marqu\u00e9es", "original_title": "Marked Woman", "slug_title": "femmes-marquees", "date": "1937-04-10", "genre": "Drame / Action / Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Une bo\u00eete de nuit, des \"h\u00f4tesses\" qui app\u00e2tent le gogo, le client, un gangster puissant qui \u201cdomine la ville\u201d (bas\u00e9 sur l'histoire de Lucky Luciano) et prend possession des boites, des femmes, un jeune procureur ambitieux , promis \u00e0 un bel avenir politique. Cinq de ces femmes se r\u00e9volteront contre cette emprise en se jouant de l'aide int\u00e9ress\u00e9e de ce procureur, sans pour autant perdre de vue que leur destin, dans cette soci\u00e9t\u00e9 reste l'exploitation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aTIURb2NgpGdZpyT8nCQH70Q4SI.jpg", "actors": ["Bette Davis (Mary Dwight Strauber)", "Humphrey Bogart (David Graham)", "Lola Lane (Dorothy 'Gabby' Marvin)", "Isabel Jewell (Emmy Lou Eagan)", "Rosalind Marquis (Florrie Liggett)", "Mayo Methot (Estelle Porter)", "Jane Bryan (Betty Strauber)", "Allen Jenkins (Louie)", "Eduardo Ciannelli (Johnny Vanning)", "John Litel (Gordon)", "Ben Welden (Charlie Delaney)", "Damian O'Flynn (Ralph Krawford)", "Henry O'Neill (District Attorney Arthur Sheldon)", "Raymond Hatton (Vanning's Lawyer)", "Carlos San Mart\u00edn (Head Waiter)", "William B. Davidson (Bob Crandall)", "Kenneth Harlan (Eddie, a Sugar Daddy)", "Robert Strange (George Beler)", "Archie Robbins (Bell Captain (as James Robbins))", "Arthur Aylesworth (Mr. Truble)", "John Sheehan (Vincent)", "Sam Wren (Mac)", "Edwin Stanley (Det. Casey)", "Edwin August (Juror (uncredited))", "Frank Faylen (2nd Cabbie (uncredited))", "Mark Strong (Bartender (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hostesses Arrested In \u201cClip-Joint\u201d Murder. \r\n\r\nMarked Woman is directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Robert Rossen and Abem Finkel. It stars Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, Lola Lane, Isabel Jewell, Mayo Methot and Eduardo Ciannelli. Music is collectively arranged by Bernhard Kaun, Heinz Roemheld and David Raksin, and cinematography by George Barnes. \r\n\r\nIn spite of the film\u2019s disclaimer put out at the pic\u2019s beginning, Marked Woman is an adaptation of the real life case of Lucky Luciano, who the previous year was found guilty of compulsory prostitution after sterling work by U.S. Attorney Thomas E. Dewey. Ciannelli plays Luciano as Johnny Vanning, Bogart plays Dewey as David Graham and Davis is \u201cmadame\u201d Cokey Flo Brown as Mary Dwight Strauber. \r\n\r\nUnsurprisingly for the time it was made, Marked Woman is a distinctly sanitised version of events, full of euphemisms and hinted at unlawfulness, with the beatings et al off camera. However, it still packs a punch, both in narrative thrust as the underworld shenanigans are brought to life, and as an acting curio to see the young Davis and Bogart bouncing off each other before their respective stars were about to be ignited with petroleum.  \r\n\r\nInteresting aspect of the picture is that it is in essence a gangster movie, with a good guy/bad guy scenario at the core, yet it\u2019s the women who rightly dominate the story. The girls are held up as bastions of hardship and heroism, and it gives the production a riveting edge, as well as some much needed glamour in amongst the sordid machinations. \r\n\r\nWell acted, well told and well interesting. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [106635, 53621, 44439, 50271]}