{"tmdb_id": 25564, "title": "\u00c9chec au hold-up", "original_title": "Appointment with Danger", "slug_title": "echec-au-hold-up", "date": "1951-05-09", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Al Goddard est inspecteur des services postaux a\u00e9riens. Ses sup\u00e9rieurs l'envoient dans la petite ville de Gary, dans l'Indiana. Un officier vient d'y perdre brutalement la vie, \u00e9limin\u00e9 par des malfrats. Al Goddard rencontre soeur Augustine, seul t\u00e9moin capable d'identifier un membre de la bande qui a commis l'assassinat. Apr\u00e8s avoir interrog\u00e9 la religieuse, Goddard infiltre le gang en feignant d'\u00eatre un inspecteur postal pass\u00e9 de l'autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 de la barri\u00e8re, tandis que dans l'ombre, la soeur Augustine lui apporte une aide pr\u00e9cieuse. Les bandits s'appr\u00eatent \u00e0 commettre un hold-up dont le butin s'\u00e9l\u00e8ve \u00e0 un million de dollars...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zqS2WyUKc0LIQT6xJlpiMdS3BUx.jpg", "actors": ["Alan Ladd (Al Goddard)", "Phyllis Calvert (Sister Augustine)", "Paul Stewart (Earl Boettiger)", "Jan Sterling (Dodie)", "Jack Webb (Joe Regas)", "Stacy Harris (Paul Ferrar)", "Harry Morgan (George Soderquist (as Henry Morgan))", "David Wolfe (David Goodman)", "Dan Riss (Maury Ahearn)", "Harry Antrim (Taylor)", "Geraldine Wall (Mother Ambrose)", "George J. Lewis (Leo Cronin)", "Paul Lees (Gene Gunner)", "David Bauer (David Goodman)", "Murray Alper (Driver)", "Byron Barr (Policeman)", "Symona Boniface (Woman)", "Billy Engle (Man)", "Fritz Feld (Window Dresser)", "Kathleen Freeman (Nun)", "Art Gilmore (Narrator)", "Frank Hagney (Motorcycle Cop)", "Whitey Haupt (Boy)", "Jerry James (Policeman)", "Sheldon Jett (Fat Man)", "Pat Lane (Policeman)", "William Meader (Sharkey)", "Patsy O'Byrne (Woman)", "Hal Rand (Postal Truck Driver)", "Frances Sandford (Nun)", "Ralph Sanford (Maxie Wilder)", "Sid Tomack (Trainman)", "Harry Tyler (Brakeman)", "Ann Tyrrell (Gary Postmaster's Secretary)", "Ern\u00f6 Verebes (Window Dresser)", "Herb Vigran (Policeman)", "Bruce Wong (Chop Suey Restaurant Proprietor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Police Seek Nun As Witness In Downtown Slaying! \r\n\r\nAppointment with Danger is directed by Lewis Allen and written by Richard L. Breen and Warren Duff. It stars Alan Ladd, Phyllis Calvert, Paul Stewart, Jan Sterling, Jack Webb, Stacy Harris and Harry Morgan. Music is by Victor Young and cinematography by John F. Seitz. \r\n\r\nAl Goddard (Ladd) is a U.S. Postal Inspector sent to investigate the grim murder of one of his colleagues. There's a witness to locate and possibly protect, a nun, Sister Augustine (Calvert), and soon enough Al has to go undercover as a crook to infiltrate the gang responsible for the murder. Not only that, but they plan to steal one million dollars being transported by the U.S.P.S., clearly Al has a lot on his plate. \r\n\r\nAlan Ladd's last film noir (though it barely qualifies as such) is good entertainment that relies on hardboiled speak more than it does action or mystery. A great opening involving the murder is kind of a false dawn, in that the mood and visual strengths on show here are rarely reproduced during rest of pic. However, that is a small complaint in truth because it's so much fun to be around Ladd's Al Goddard. \r\n\r\nWe quickly learn that he is basically a great cop but not much of a human being, since we know who did the murder from the off, we have to rely on Goddard's undercover operation for our suspense quota, which comes in spades. Goddard is constantly at threat of being exposed, he has to consistently think on his feet, have a quip or yarn to spin to deflect suspicion, so this keeps things spicy in the story. \r\n\r\nThe strand involving Calvert's nun is a weak one, it's clearly a narrative device to smooth out Goddard's rough edges, but it never really works and that the writers turn her into a dumb ass late in the play is annoying. Another irritant is that Sterling (wasted) as Paul Stewart's (good villain value as usual) moll really doesn't impact on proceedings, she wanders in and out of the film promising to be a femme fatale, but it never happens and after playing out as a weak red herring she exits with a whimper. \r\n\r\nSome smart location work is on show, with the backdrop of pool halls and cheap hotels utilised to good effect by Allen and Seitz, and a couple of scenes really sock the jaw; literally in one case! But it never rises above being a routine cops and robbers based homage to the U.S.P.S. Inspectors. Thankfully Ladd is on form and delivers the best parts of the screenplay with a steely cold sharpness that positively tickles the fancy of noir lovers. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43324, 74759, 49503, 26805]}