{"tmdb_id": 25577, "title": "Natasha", "original_title": "Natasha", "slug_title": "natasha", "date": "2007-11-06", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Terrified after having witnessed the cold-blooded murder of her boss and her cousin by vicious gangsters, an exotic dancer from Russia flees to England and assumes the identity of her dead relative only to discover that no matter how far you run, you can never escape your past. Arriving in England, the frightened dancer takes the name Natasha and enters into a passionate relationship with local vicar's daughter Christine. Later, after a stealthy photographer posts snaps some steamy shots of Natasha and Christine making love and posts them on the internet, the vengeful gangsters stumble across the website and dispatch some ruthless hired guns to rub the Russian dancer out. Now Natasha's time is quickly running out, and the only person willing to help her fight back against the ruthless Russian mob is a fierce-but-sexy Russian policewoman who isn't afraid to fight back against one of the most dangerous criminal organizations on the planet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aZ9qIOYhY8fn5OwgB92yUOMyDf1.jpg", "actors": ["Algina Lipskis (Anna / Natasha)", "Sheyla Shehovich (Petra Olescova)", "Richard Lintern (John Loomis)", "Serena Gordon (Jan Loomis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The young and sexy girl from Russia!**\r\n\r\nYou can call this B, C or D movie, but this could surprise you. Well, it did for me. It was much better than what I anticipated. Of course, because of not so popular actors or the filmmakers, including low budget, this looks ordinary from the outside. But once you begin to watch, you might forget those and get interested in the narration. The story of a young Russian foreign exchange student who lands in a small English town with a secret past that going to haunt her back.\r\n\r\nA simple story, mostly predictable stuffs with some flaws, but well made film with good performances, particularly by the title character. An awesome mix of adult contents, comedy and thriller, surely worth a watch. I can't believe it took nearly a decade to watch this that I had all along. No regret, but that makes I'm very bad at judging product by its cover. So I advise you not to do that. Remember, this is not a must see, this is to watch when there's no option. But for some people, that's an exception.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}