{"tmdb_id": 256277, "title": "Comment j'ai rencontr\u00e9 le prince charmant", "original_title": "Chance at Romance", "slug_title": "comment-j-ai-rencontre-le-prince-charmant", "date": "2013-10-05", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Samantha est \u00e0 la recherche de son \u00e2me soeur et un jour, elle est certaine de l'avoir enfin trouv\u00e9 ! Elle tombe compl\u00e8tement sous le charme d'un photographe, Heath, pendant un vernissage et elle le contacte alors par internet. Elle est tr\u00e8s heureuse car il lui r\u00e9pond et l'invite m\u00eame chez elle ! Or, elle ignore que c'est en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 le fils de Heath qui a intercept\u00e9 la conversation et qui se charge de jouer au Cupidon...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AeDRSOx0OvMVegmxy6SE1VKaoqe.jpg", "actors": ["Erin Krakow (Samantha Hart)", "Ryan McPartlin (Heath Madsen)", "Ian Andrew (Donny Madsen)", "Albert Malafronte (Eddie)", "Nadege August (Ms. Marlow)", "Abraham Benrubi (Bar Owner)", "Gina Gallego (Gallery Owner)", "Patricia Richardson (May)", "Kaitlin Doubleday (Celeste Jeffers-Johnson)", "Jean Louisa Kelly (Roz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "A girl who's bad at romance. A troubled guy who's still living in a past relationship. A meddlesome child with a host of \"helpers\" who tries to make the two fall in love. \r\n\r\nThe ingredients aren't much of a variation from one of the Hallmark Channel's typical archetypes of movies. The execution really isn't either. \r\n\r\nWe don't see much in the way of twists and turns. The girl who can't date well dates a bunch of overly exaggerated guys and has a pushy sister who is always trying to bring her back to earth. \r\n\r\nAfter locking eyes with the handsome artist at a show, the girl, Sam, reaches out to said artist on his website. Here comes a twist that isn't much of a twist if you've ever seen a Hallmark movie with these ingredients. It turns out the artist's son actually runs his website and initiates a relationship with girls who his dad. \r\n\r\nThis is only half as creepy as it sounds. The son is doing this so his dad, Heath, can meet someone who is compatible with him. Of course, this leads to Sam getting on a train and coming to the family home.\r\n\r\nHeath has no idea who Sam is, Sam is embarrassed, and the movie progresses as expected. The writers do throw in another \"twist\". Heath has a manager who appears to really like him, although he's fairly oblivious to her intentions. \r\n\r\nAfter the two spend some time together out in the woods, the two fall in love (within the scope of a few days). Heath bumbles his way into hurting Sam, of course, and she leaves in a fit of tears. He literally shows up on a white horse to whisk her away to London. \r\n\r\nIf you're looking for a movie that makes you think, pick something else. If you're looking for a fun way to kill an hour and a half and you're in the mood for a cheesy romance flick, you could do worse than this."}], "recommandations_id": [150669, 217128, 289520, 85887], "youtube_key": "SBAoBdDiVJ4"}