{"tmdb_id": 256474, "title": "Out Of Control", "original_title": "In the Blood", "slug_title": "out-of-control", "date": "2014-04-04", "genre": "Action / Crime / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Une femme se bat pour retrouver son mari kidnapp\u00e9 alors qu'il passait des vacances dans les Cara\u00efbes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s5El36oq4UrBAiaXsTl1fxSlGMb.jpg", "actors": ["Gina Carano (Ava)", "Cam Gigandet (Derek Grant)", "Luis Guzm\u00e1n (Chief Ram\u00f3n Garza)", "Danny Trejo (Big Biz)", "Treat Williams (Robert Grant)", "Stephen Lang (Casey)", "Ismael Cruz C\u00f3rdova (Manny)", "Amaury Nolasco (Silvio Lugo)", "Yvette Yates (Nurse Leta)", "Eloise Mumford (Sandy Grant)", "Hannah Cowley (Monique Grant)", "Paloma Olympia Louvat (14 year old Ava)", "Oscar Guerrero (JoJo)", "Pablo Cunqueiro (Dr. Abelard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The wife's trying to track down her missing husband!**\r\n\r\nEver since I saw 'Haywire', I thought Gina Carano would be the next action queen of Hollywood. But very disappointed for her using in small and negative roles. I have been waiting for this film, but could not see it at that time and now I saw it anyway. She was amazing, born to do stunt films and this film I think specially created for her. You can call it a mini 'Taken', though an entertaining film. The plot does not make any sense, but it works as a thriller.\r\n\r\nSo this is the story of a young woman who grew up with her tough father, who also taught how to defend herself against any kind of threat. A few years later she marries a wealthy man and while honeymooning on a Caribbean island, her husband goes missing after an accident. Now all her focus is to find him and with her skills, she faces the bad guys of the island. How far she goes fighting is what covered in the remaining.\r\n\r\nNot the best film from the director of 'Into the Blue', it would work for some people who seek timepass. But I liked it only for Gina Carano and I hope she does more flicks like this. I know some scenes and plots should have been better, like the final chasing scene had too many faults. In the end, I don't think so it was a big deal since in the kind of setting it takes place. I hope you simply enjoy it rather thinking of its flaws during your watch.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [122924, 146578, 427772, 203848]}