{"tmdb_id": 256569, "title": "\u00c0 Ceux qui nous ont offens\u00e9s", "original_title": "Trespass Against Us", "slug_title": "a-ceux-qui-nous-ont-offenses", "date": "2016-10-14", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Les Cutler sont des gens du voyage depuis toujours, vivant comme des hors la loi dans une des plus riches campagnes anglaises, braconnant, cambriolant les r\u00e9sidences secondaires et narguant la police. Luttant pour faire perdurer leur mode de vie, Chad est tiraill\u00e9 entre les principes archa\u00efques de son p\u00e8re et la volont\u00e9 de faire le n\u00e9cessaire pour ses enfants. Mais la police, les traquant sans rel\u00e2che, l\u2019obligera peut-\u00eatre \u00e0 choisir entre sa culture et le bonheur des siens\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4lGKBscylAN093abvEo751rDIyF.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Fassbender (Chad Cutler)", "Brendan Gleeson (Colby Culter)", "Lyndsey Marshal (Kelly Cutler)", "Rory Kinnear (P.C Lovage)", "Sean Harris (Gordon 'Worzel Gummidge' Bennett)", "Kingsley Ben-Adir (Sampson)", "Gerard Kearns (Lester)", "Tony Way (Norman)", "Alan Williams (Noah)", "Mark Lewis Jones (Sergeant Pollock)", "Anna Calder-Marshall (Vic)", "Peter Wight (Dog Owner)", "Anastasia Hille (Mrs. Crawley)", "Billy Cook (Pockets)", "Killian Scott (Kenny)", "Barry Keoghan (Windows)", "Georgie Smith (Tyson Cutler)", "Ezra Khan (Jamail)", "Kacie Anderson (Mini Cutler)", "Anthony Stephens (Bisa)", "Yvonne D'Alpra (Mavis)", "Carl Grose (Petrol Station Attendant)", "George Russo (Armed Police Officer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Wanting to change the life course, but it's not happening.**\r\n\r\nThis is a British crime-drama, about a family with the criminal background. The happily married son with two children, wants to get out of what his family used to and have a normal life. Since they all live close by, he had a hard time escaping from it. Sooner or later he has to make a decision on behalf of his family, particularly thinking the future of his kids. Yeah, this storyline seems interesting, but not the same as you watch it. Great cast, no doubt on that. Even basic plot, the theme is a confident boosting thing, if anyone watching the film are in one way or another is in the similar position.\r\n\r\nThe film lacked from developing on what the opening had initiated. Nice characters, though. I expected something to remember about the film, like emotionally or the events with twists and turns. This is not a bad film, but a simple one. So not everybody would get disappointing of it. All I think is a fine opportunity was missed out. That means I blame the screenplay, despite the actors and director tried their best to turn it out as much as possible decent to the better. So don't ignore it as it is rated low and for bad reviews. It's just not a film that everybody would feel they are satisfied with.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [358923, 333319, 198318, 441146], "youtube_key": "vnq8jZejw-s"}