{"tmdb_id": 25680, "title": "Les copains d'Eddie Coyle", "original_title": "The Friends of Eddie Coyle", "slug_title": "les-copains-d-eddie-coyle", "date": "1973-06-26", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Eddie Colye est un bandit sans envergure qui vit de petits boulots, de trafic d\u2019armes et de contrebande. Pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 une condamnation et \u00e9viter de finir ses jours derri\u00e8re les barreaux il accepte de travailler comme indic pour Dave Foley, un agent du FBI.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b9Asm0okdbPt4MRhcre4d0ownx.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Mitchum (Eddie \"Fingers\" Coyle)", "Peter Boyle (Dillon)", "Richard Jordan (Dave Foley)", "Steven Keats (Jackie Brown)", "Alex Rocco (Jimmy Scalise)", "Joe Santos (Artie Van)", "Mitchell Ryan (Waters)", "Peter MacLean (Mr. Partridge)", "Kevin O'Morrison (Bank manager #2)", "Marvin Lichterman (Vernon)", "Carolyn Pickman (Nancy)", "James Tolkan (The Man's contact man)", "Margaret Ladd (Andrea)", "Matthew Cowles (Pete)", "Helena Carroll (Sheila Coyle)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Everybody oughta listen to his mother.\r\n\r\nBoston criminal Eddie 'Fingers' Coyle (Robert Mitchum) is in the mire, the cops have him bang to rights and he's facing a long stretch in the big house. However, if he turns informant he will keep out of poky... \r\n\r\nFor far too long this film had been stuck hidden away in pirate hell, thankfully it finally saw the light of day and can be seen for all its glory. Peter Yates directs and Paul Monash adapts the screenplay from the George V. Higgins novel. Supporting Mitchum are Peter Boyle, Richard Jordan, Steven Keats and Alex Rocco. Music is by Dave Grusin and cinematography by Victor J. Kemper.\r\n\r\nIt's a film noir lovers picture, a throw back to the halcyon days of the first wave of noir back in the 1940s. So who better than a battered pug faced Mitchum to front up the story? Pic is perpetually downbeat, with the air of despondency hanging over our protagonist like the grim reaper. The underworld painted by Yates and his team is smartly stripped down to basics, it's a world that is after all, always moving in secretive circles. There's no frilly glamour here, there's crime and consequences, realistic street operations, and brilliantly there's believable characterisations. \r\n\r\nWith dialogue dominating the narrative, it's not one for the action junkie - though the set-pieces are superbly staged by Yates, this is a neo-noir of high respect to previous blood lines. And it boasts a quite brilliant turn from Mitchum whilst not copping out at the finale. Noir heads rejoice! 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [20028, 26167, 27331, 26744], "youtube_key": "_WtR-mi6VtU"}