{"tmdb_id": 256962, "title": "Little Boy", "original_title": "Little Boy", "slug_title": "little-boy", "date": "2015-04-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Un petit gar\u00e7on de sept ans est pr\u00eat \u00e0 tout pour mettre un terme \u00e0 la Seconde guerre mondiale, afin de faire revenir son p\u00e8re \u00e0 la maison. Y compris \u00e0 utiliser la magie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6eTWSy0kzsEpeBnlzK18aIO0qSf.jpg", "actors": ["Jakob Salvati (Pepper Flynt Busbee / Little Boy)", "Emily Watson (Emma Busbee)", "Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (Hashimoto)", "Michael Rapaport (James Busbee)", "David Henrie (London Busbee)", "Ben Chaplin (Ben Eagle)", "Eduardo Ver\u00e1stegui (Fr. Crispin)", "Ted Levine (Sam)", "Ali Landry (Ava)", "Abraham Benrubi (Teacup)", "Kevin James (Dr. Fox)", "Tom Wilkinson (Fr. Oliver)", "Toby Huss (Colonel Bob)", "Kelly Greyson (Tyra)", "Candice Azzara (Bertha)", "Rick Mora (Kid Falcon)", "James DuMont (Harvey)", "Travis T. Flory (Soda Fountain Clerk)", "Sam Kindseth (Ronnie (Bully 2))", "David Ury (Sir Pent)", "James MacDonald (Recruitment Sergeant)", "Winston James Francis (Bukha)", "Lorna Scott (Nurse Barbara)", "Lukas Behnken (Leonard Rice)", "Montserrat Espadal\u00e9 (Sister Paulette)", "Mary Stein (Martha)", "Masashi Odate (Japanese Colonel)", "Theodora Greece (Eliza the Girl on Beach)", "Ric Sarabia (Mike the Gambler)", "Eijiro Ozaki (Masao Kume)", "Jennifer Cadena (Army Nurse)", "Masami Kosaka (Commander Tokyo Joe)", "Matthew J. Cates (Ed)", "Scott Subiono (Dr. Hesley)", "Aaron Leddick (Red Cross Soldier)", "J. Skylar Testa (Army Medic)", "Alex Trevino (Wounded Soldier at Hospital)", "C.K. McFarland (Doris)", "Michael D. Nye (Gilliam)", "Matthew Scott Miller (Freddy Fox)", "Eddie Driscoll (Newsreel Narrator (voice))", "Jill Kelly (Spider Lady)", "Eiji Inoue (Japanese Soldier)", "Keisuke Akizawa (Japanese Soldier)", "Tokio Sasaki (Young Japanese Soldier)", "Tommy Lamey (Fisherman #1)", "Kenny Davis (Fisherman #2)", "Fernando Sur (Kid at Ben Eagle show)", "Barry Ford (The Narrator (voice))", "Yoshio Iizuka (Samurai Master)", "Ike Kawaguchi (Samurai Warrior in Dojo)", "Americus Abesamis (Giant Tokyo Joe)", "Kenji Nakamura (Guardian Tokyo Joe)", "Robert Noble (Lou the Bartender)", "Chuck Lines (Prisoner of War)", "Jon Bangle (Prisoner of War)", "Zero Kazama (Wild Tokyo Joe (uncredited))", "Kaiser Johnson (Col. Peter Stouff (uncredited))", "Luke Custer (Prisoner of War (uncredited))", "Brian Takahashi (Japanese Soldier #2)", "Andy Geller (Dr. Foley)", "Lawrence Thomas (Lighthouse Man)", "Jared Jacobsen (Platoon Commander)", "Mitchell Hesley (Recruitment Officer at Bus)", "Peter T. Mai (Japanese Samurai)", "Pietro Schito (Prisoner of War)", "Logan Ludwig (Jack the Bully)", "Larry Dean (Barber #1)", "Raquel V\u00e1zquez Guti\u00e9rrez (Jenny the Ticket Agent)", "Elijah Villegas (Kid Saying Fight)", "Janet Worner (Spider Lady #3)", "Janice Matthews (Spider Lady #4)", "Bruce Morningstar (George)", "Kate Shalander (Lady #1)", "Cole Hurst (Kid at Fight)", "Craig Strawn (Barber #2)", "Tim Staples (Soldier at Hospital)", "Rene Flores (Photographer)", "Michael Coates (Marine)", "Brian Hatch (Man in Church)", "Miguel Angel Varela Fimbres (Red Cross Soldier #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> About a little boy who believed he can change the world.\r\n\r\nI was two minded after seeing its trailer. Because I'm pretty much convinced it is a B movie. But that's not the issue, I usually put my faith on them and take my chances. So what bothered me was the film contents, because the trailed roughly reveals what kind of movie it is, from that I reckoned it should have been a big production house's product. Hence, I believed the visuals could be disastrous, but that was not the case. In fact, it was a remarkable standard, one of the reasons for the movie's success, despite there are no list-A actors in the full fledged roles.\r\n\r\nThe boy was much better in the movie than I judged his performance in the trailer. He might have appeared in a few television episodes, but this was his silver-screen debut. A wonderful display and I believe he would bag more projects for this. It was a family film, an emotional drama set during the United States entry into the World War II. Takes place in a small western coastal town called O'Hare about a 7 year old boy Pepper, nicknamed Little Boy who's willing to do anything to bring back his father alive from the war. On the effort he takes up a series of task which later stuns his town and the whole country.\r\n\r\n> \"Do you believe you can do this?\"\r\n\r\nThe Fascinating thing was, the blend between the real occurrence with the fictitious attachment. People might believe it was based on the real, but it is not. Like I said the graphics were very crucial that matched to any big budget films, unfortunately it was a small portion, but definitely a big deal. It talks about lots of interesting stuff which is inspiring, partially funny and also a children friendly film. Especially it explains quite clearly the difference between religious beliefs and magics which is obviously little kids never understood. So it could help to learn something from other than the textbooks.\r\n\r\nThe plus points were the consequences of war (any war), how the people can get affected by the war, bullying, racism and misbelief. On the other hand the minus was too much ingredient in a little movie, fortunately clicked so well. As usual, it was knocked down by the critics who never recognised the art of sentimental works. If you are not one of them or their followers, you are going to enjoy it.\r\n\r\nIf it had some big names in the main cast, especially for the father and brother characters, then it would have been roared louder and helped the international markets. As being one of the finest storied movie that highlighted our past mistakes, sadly terribly failed at the box office, but very much could get a cult status because particularly families loved this one so far. Not highly, but simply I recommend it and one of the must see from year 2015.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [264337, 286875, 244260, 253331], "youtube_key": "b_BdzqsIX6A"}