{"tmdb_id": 256917, "title": "La Promesse d'une vie", "original_title": "The Water Diviner", "slug_title": "la-promesse-d-une-vie", "date": "2014-12-25", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "En 1919, 4 ans apr\u00e8s la terrible bataille des Dardanelles, un paysan australien, Joshua Connor, rejoint la Turquie par bateau, r\u00e9solu \u00e0 retrouver ses trois fils, ayant combattu aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s des Anglais, et \u00e0 les ramener sur leur terre natale, selon le souhait de sa d\u00e9funte femme Eliza. Mais rien, dans les 46 ans de vie rurale de cet homme, ne l'a pr\u00e9par\u00e9 au m\u00e9lange de grandeur, de beaut\u00e9 et de chaos qu'est Constantinople, et la ville, sous occupation britannique, reste pour lui un territoire ennemi o\u00f9 ses fils ont disparu.  \u00c0 son arriv\u00e9e au port, il est accost\u00e9 par le jeune Orhan qui le conduit jusqu'\u00e0 l'h\u00f4tel Troya et le pr\u00e9sente \u00e0 sa m\u00e8re, la belle Ayshe. \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kIlVtC22BDNiiAiCvSZoOS7FhY9.jpg", "actors": ["Russell Crowe (Joshua Connor)", "Olga Kurylenko (Ayshe)", "Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan (Major Hasan)", "Cem Y\u0131lmaz (Sgt. Jemal)", "Jai Courtney (Lt. Colonel Hughes)", "Ryan Corr (Arthur \"Art\" Connor)", "James Fraser (Edward Connor)", "Ben O'Toole (Henry Connor)", "Steve Bastoni (Omer)", "Salih Kalyon (Dr. Ibrahim)", "Dylan Georgiades (Orhan)", "Megan Gale (Fatma)", "Daniel Wyllie (Captain Brindley)", "Michael Dorman (Greeves)", "Christopher Sommers (Sgt. Tucker)", "Benedict Hardie (Dawson)", "Jacqueline McKenzie (Eliza)", "Isabel Lucas (Natalia)", "Damon Herriman (Father McIntyre)", "Robert Mammone (Colonel Demergelis)", "Deniz Akdeniz (Imam)", "Aidan Liam Smith (Young Edward)", "Jack Douglas Patterson (Young Art)", "Ben Norris (Young Henry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A father with a hope to find his missing sons.\r\n\r\nA fictional narration with the backdrop of the World War I. Precisely the story begins after the end of the war, about a father who goes after look for his sons who were last seen on the battlefield of Gallipoli, Turkey. The rest is the mix of drama, war, romance, flashbacks, and whether his mission is accomplished or not is the climax that decide.\r\n\r\nFrankly, I was a little disappointed. The story was not based on the real, but looked like one. The point is it was a wonderful and inspiring theme, but direction was not convincing along with bad editing. If you look at who's that, it was a direction debut for Russell Crowe, who played the main character in the film as well. Some of the historical facts were wrong, especially showing the Greeks in the bad light was the negativity of the film. Visually the films do not give the impression of the pre 1920s where the story set in. Instead, it looks more of the late 40s or the early 50s.\r\n\r\nSince it was set after the war, most of the characters were in a guilt attitude. Can't say whole film was predictable, but the scenes were. The performances were the only things that tried to lift the movie, as well as the music and screenplay in some parts. This, book based movie should have been directed by any top director, not for the freshers to try-out their skills in direction field, because of the powerful stuffs like anti-war elements. One time watchable, but disappointment is ahead of you if you expect greatness from it. Anyway, it was Australia's top gross movie last year in Australia.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [245916, 181283, 154400, 246080], "youtube_key": "m1we2p9QrYI"}