{"tmdb_id": 257054, "title": "Dead Walkers: Rise of the 4th Reich", "original_title": "Dead Walkers: Rise of the 4th Reich", "slug_title": "dead-walkers-rise-of-the-4th-reich", "date": "2014-04-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "2.0/10", "synopsis": "In 1945 the Second World War came to an end and the Nazis fled. Scientists and military elite escaped across borders and found themselves in new worlds. Some fled to Russia, some the United States and others to South America. But there was another division, a forgotten group. A top secret and powerful team of men and women formed in the womb of the Nazi Occult. Now, decades after the war, their work is nearing completion. The 4th Reich is ready. It's more powerful and destructive than ever before. An army of hell is coming. Only one man knows the truth. His mission now, is to convince the world. Based on years of occult research and insider knowledge, Dead Walkers is a film packed with spies, soldiers, Nazis and secrets. But also a very dark and mysterious army raised in the pit of Nazi hell.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v0fHI2ChPmbjhE38VVvlvXSVwID.jpg", "actors": ["Philip Berzamanis (Alpha One)", "Jane Haslehurst (Private Anael Sraosha)", "Bob Lee (Dr. Gavreel)", "Nathan Head (Professor Mastema)", "Jack Burrows (Colonel Fleming)", "Rudy Barrow (Alpha Five)", "Melissa Hollett (Major Adler)", "Dean Sills (Lt Botis / Vrill)", "Eirian Cohen (Captain Oriax)", "Nikki Webster (Faulcon / Sexy Nazi)", "Dawn Hills (Dying woman)", "Graham Keith Gill (Nazi Officer)", "Stephanie Withall (Nazi Officer)", "Dayna Shuffle (Geryon)", "Sandy Kate Slade (Forcas)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "5Mw1WWg_iQA"}