{"tmdb_id": 257117, "title": "Blood Punch", "original_title": "Blood Punch", "slug_title": "blood-punch", "date": "2014-02-21", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Milton, un d\u00e9crochage universitaire, \u00e9tait seulement cens\u00e9 cuisiner de la m\u00e9thamph\u00e9tamine pour un jour. Bris\u00e9 hors de d\u00e9sintox par une jeune femme impertinente et son copain g\u00e2chis (\"ex\") et conduit \u00e0 une cabane lointaine dans les bois, Milton se trouve attir\u00e9 dans un triangle amoureux dangereux hawwire. Les demi-v\u00e9rit\u00e9s du couple tournent autour de Milton comme une chanson r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9e. Ils semblent le lire comme un livre ouvert, jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'un myst\u00e9rieux message ouvre les yeux sur sa maudite existence. Avec des munitions illimit\u00e9es, n'importe quel outil de chasse qu'ils pourraient d\u00e9sirer, et un nombre de plus en plus important de corps, pour quoi Milton s'est-il vraiment inscrit?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKAeO8q3fETPNnA0DYML1mkghr7.jpg", "actors": ["Milo Cawthorne (Milton)", "Olivia Tennet (Skyler)", "Ari Boyland (Russell)", "Cohen Holloway (Archer)", "Adelaide Kane (Nabiki)", "Fleur Saville (Claire)", "Amanda Reed (Lydia)", "Mike Ginn (Riley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Caught in a time loop.**\r\n\r\nYou won't believe this was made by some first timer. Obviously you would find similarity with films like 'Groundhog Day' and 'Edge of Tomorrow' or even with 'The Deaths of Ian Stone', but the point is what makes this one special. Being a B movie makes one of the advantages, but there's no compromise in quality. In fact, it never required any graphics. Everything was managed so well, since it was 95 per cent minimal cast film and takes place in a single isolated location and its surroundings. So what I meant is this is a small gem. If you ever thought of trying B movie, but hesitated for many reasons, so this is the one to pick, especially if you like thrillers.\r\n\r\nThe story narration has the time loop influence. It opened in a drug rehab centre where a youngster named Milton was approached by a beautiful girl Skyler to cook crystal meth for her. So the same night they two breakout with the help of her boyfriend Russell to the woods where they do what they have come for. But the next morning, Milton sees a big change, particularly by Skyler. He never realises that until another next day. For us, the viewers, this is the part to focus as the turning point in the narration.\r\n\r\nSo the day keeps repeating itself as a 24 hour loop from where it all started, but with a different events every day, like giving another chance not knowing why. So they try to figure it out and in a meanwhile, they fall for each other. When one day they think they got a way out, that brings a new trouble as the solution needs a sacrifice or betrayal. Who choose what or is there any other way that told in the remaining film.\r\n\r\n> \"Not a single enemy left. Not a single friend either.\"\r\n\r\nThis theme really needed to be very smart, because most of the viewers to question the flaws. So in a couple of times I said there it goes one, how could they did miss it. But then they proved me wrong in a few minutes later. The writing was so good. He and the director were usually worked on the children's films, but they surprised us with this little gem. Honestly, they deserve to work on the bigger projects with full freedom to execute their creativity. So I am definitely expecting their next feature film would come soon or maybe a follow-up to this.\r\n\r\nMy advice is for you not to underestimate it after seeing its trailer or the poster, or even reading some bad remarks. Like I said, its not a big production's fancy film, but with its limit, it did try its best to give up-to our expectation. So don't mind the actors, actually they were so cool. I thought the lead girl was Daniella Monet, then later realised she's different. She is the girl who fled the village to Rohan after Orcs attached them in the film LOTR. Now she's all grown up and did great in this.\r\n\r\nThis could be easily called an sci-fi-thriller, but according to the story and the direction of its development, surely it belongs to fantasy-thriller. Whatever, don't go for it thinking it is a horror film, if you are a fan of that genre. Because it merely fits with that. Anyway, it is a very entertaining film, the suspense holds for us a very long with the fine pace of the story narration. It is one of the best among the B movies I had seen so far and overall from the time loop themes. I do recommend it, but for the selected people.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "Not tremendously impressive film, it's got it's moments but the comedy is a bit try-hard and juvenile at times... Especially the first 30 minutes or so. Second half is mostly decent though. Can't say much about it without spoiling stuff, acting is... acceptable."}], "recommandations_id": [285598, 54511, 276488, 298865]}