{"tmdb_id": 257155, "title": "Threads of Destiny", "original_title": "Threads of Destiny", "slug_title": "threads-of-destiny", "date": "2014-02-23", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Fantastique / Aventure"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Republic has been resurrected and democracy once again rules the galaxy. The Jedi Order is reestablished on the planet Yavin 4, and has continued to train new Jedi Knights in the art of peace and justice. But all is not peaceful in this new world. With the fall of the Dark Empire, the ancient Skenvi Empire now comes out of the shadow to make its move. The Skenvi now oppose the New Republic for control over the galaxy with their aggressively growing empire. The Skenvi seek to seize control of all the galaxy's most valuable resources to cripple their enemies. And if a planet refuses to join them, they have been known to take very aggressive actions. Caught in between this struggle over the fate of the galaxy is the little planet of Coreign. The planet possesses a very powerful resource that would greatly favor the side that has access to it if a galactic war was to emerge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vUJt27tq25qDvclp0m4P7lqxIAS.jpg", "actors": ["Patrik Hont (Jedi Padawan Raven Darkham)", "Carolina Neurath (Princess Arianna Ad'Lah)", "Karl Lindqvist (Jedi Master Soran Darr)", "Andreas Rylander (Lord Siege)", "Pale Olofsson (King Juster)", "Karl Wind\u00e9n (Karus Kahn)", "Sabinje von Gaffke (Queen Erin)", "Martin Hedman (Captain Turvo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "quincarter", "content": "**If you are not a fan, you may find this movie hard to watch.**\r\n_25 February 2014 | by beef-638-121436 (Belgium)_\r\n\r\nFor a fan film, this is a huge undertaking I bet - The endeavor was not well executed, the acting, directing, screenplay, script are mostly beyond amateur level... The audio was fairly nice and the CGI is jumping out as the classy aspect of this movie. Impressive, really. The blue-key was not properly applied and it shows, badly.\r\n\r\nWe see a Jedi master, kind of Obi wan, and the prodigy, kind of like Anakin. Throughout the film there are lots of scenes and lines that look very familiar. It seems this film is more like a tribute, re-hashing bits from the originals, stitched together with a story around a truly naive princess.\r\n\r\nAlso some action scenes were fairly nicely done, where one can see they had to make do with little equipment. Conclusion: not all was that bad. I was slightly entertained, but the big damper is the lack of consistency. I just couldn't just go with it you know. The only way to watch this and properly enjoy it, is to be an active Star Wars fan."}], "recommandations_id": [297727, 26440, 157771, 75454], "youtube_key": "notfound"}