{"tmdb_id": 257427, "title": "Politiquer\u00edas", "original_title": "Politiquer\u00edas", "slug_title": "politiquerias", "date": "1931-05-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Ollie is running for mayor and an old flame threatens to blackmail him. Only a Spanish language version was shot simultaneously with the English language version. Laurel and Hardy learned their parts phonetically, so they are actually speaking Spanish. The leading ladies) in the English version were usually replaced with native Spanish-speaking actresses--in this film they are Rina Liguoro, Linda Loredo and Carmen Granada. - En Espanol: Hardy, un exitoso hombre de negocios, recien cassado, se postula para alcalde. Inesperadamente lo visita una ex-novia quien amenaza con chantajearlo. Laurel, su amigo y socio se ofrece a ayudarlo para mantener a la jujer lejos de Hardy. De todas modos ella irrumpe en el hogar de Hardy y es aqui cuando comienzan las complicaciones en esta clasica comedia de Laurel y Hardy. - This is the Spanish language only version.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tVUPADJsDLLi8iFqOfvL4dtQcrO.jpg", "actors": ["Stan Laurel (Stan)", "Oliver Hardy (Oliver)", "Enrique Acosta ()", "Hadji Ali (Regurgitator)", "Mar\u00eda Calvo ()", "Abraham J. Cantu (Magician)", "James Finlayson (Criado)", "Carmen Granada (Se\u00f1ora Laurel)", "Charlie Hall (Elevator Operator)", "Linda Loredo (Se\u00f1ora Hardy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "An enjoyable oddity by Laurel and Hardy, in a Hal Roach experiment, in which entire versions of films were shot in other languages, with the stars learning their lines phonetically, to take advantage of foreign markets, before dubbing became the standard (and cheaper) way of doing things. From 'Laurel and Hardy: The Essential Collection: The Sound Films from the Hal Roach Studios'."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}