{"tmdb_id": 257444, "title": "The Boy", "original_title": "The Boy", "slug_title": "the-boy", "date": "2015-08-14", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/58EhIese7a77U8PtZSylT8rt4I6.jpg", "actors": ["David Morse (John)", "Rainn Wilson (William Colby)", "Jared Breeze (Ted Henley)", "Mike Vogel (Dad)", "Zuleikha Robinson (Mom)", "Bill Sage (Sheriff Deacon Whit)", "Aiden Lovekamp (Ben)", "David Valencia (Marcus)", "Andr\u00e9s Echavarr\u00eda (Clayton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A look at a boy's behaviour who was isolated from the society.\r\n\r\nThe entire setting reminds us the movie 'Psycho'. More or less it could have had made a good prequel to that, like the portrayal of Norman Bates' childhood. As an independent film from any previous narrative, it was quite good actually. Inspired by a novel that tells the story of a 9 year old boy who runs a motel with his father in a nowhere. In a lonely place where the customers are very rare, how the boy develops his behavious without social consciousness is what this movie is.\r\n\r\nTrust me, realism means this movie, but there's always flaws in a small budget film like this. If you always scan for logic, you can't enjoy any movie even in small quantity. Empty your thoughts and get into it, then there's a chance you might like it. I'm not saying it'll become your favourite, but the depiction was so good which was quite similar to the recent Austrian movie 'Goodnight Mommy'.\r\n\r\nIt is not a horror, but a thriller-drama. A terrifying theme, that means terror-horror, thus it called horror. Other than that there's no supernatural or sci-fi things in it. It was a decent movie to me, I felt it was slightly underrated. The turnaround in the storytelling was very good yet predictable stuff. The filmmaker must bring a sequel for it, otherwise I'll be very disappointed.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "sam", "content": "You gotta see this movie if for no other reason to watch Jared Breeze play a pre-teen sociopath.  Suppose to be the first part of a trilogy following the development of this cold blooded killer.  The next movie focuses on the teenager and then the final would be his adult adventures.  If they wait long enough Jared could be cast as the teenager. You can also watch him on the CBS daytime soap The Young and the Restless!  Fun movie, I hope they continue with the trilogy."}], "recommandations_id": [353441, 291151, 231082, 40037]}