{"tmdb_id": 257505, "title": "The Lies You Sleep With", "original_title": "Blutsschwestern", "slug_title": "the-lies-you-sleep-with", "date": "2014-04-01", "genre": ["Thriller / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Rita was always the richest, prettiest and most spoiled of the five friends. She always had everything under control. Even back then, at the time of the \"incident.\" Now, years later, she's in charge once again. Her plan is to surprise her friends with a weekend in her family's remote and secluded hunting lodge. A spoiled and bitter young woman, she knows the power she wields. If she wants them to laugh, they laugh; if she wants them to forget the incident that is their dark and private secret, they must remain silent. With plentiful schnapps, uninvited guests and pent-up recriminations on the verge of explosion, the emotional turmoil inside the lodge is more violent than the storm brewing outdoors\u2026 Charlotte, the doubter, is no longer willing to ignore the past, and seeks atonement. Then Rita is found murdered. They know that one of them did it \u2013 and that they all had good reasons to do so\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kqekpFPbyhTk5cF9c2RU0MUwBUF.jpg", "actors": ["Silke Bodenbender (Charly)", "Nicolette Krebitz (Rita Kastner)", "Franziska Weisz (Sonja)", "Nora von Waldst\u00e4tten (Ingrid)", "Edita Malov\u010di\u0107 (Manu)", "Christopher Sch\u00e4rf (Max)", "Harald Krassnitzer (Ritas Vater)", "Michael Fuith (Bandit)", "Raimund Wallisch (Max Vater)", "Alexander Linhardt (Christoph)", "Markus Hamele (Mann)", "Lola Dietrich (junge Charly)", "Anna von Zierotin (junge Ingrid)", "Fanny Fuhs (junge Manu)", "Pia Rotter (junge Rita)", "Theresa Weber (junge Sonja)", "Leo Plankensteiner (junger Max)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}