{"tmdb_id": 257793, "title": "Le sourire du tueur", "original_title": "Happy Face Killer", "slug_title": "le-sourire-du-tueur", "date": "2014-03-01", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Keith Hunter Jesperson, routier, \u00e9choue \u00e0 l'examen d'entr\u00e9e de la police mont\u00e9e canadienne. Lorsque son \u00e9pouse le quitte, il se met \u00e0 violer des jeunes femmes avant de les assassiner. L'agent du FBI, Melinda Gand, tente de l'arr\u00eater.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kX00doZ4wvlb9oTg0OMZXVbuZaw.jpg", "actors": ["David Arquette (Keith Hunter Jesperson)", "Gloria Reuben (Melinda Gand)", "Stefanie von Pfetten (Diane Loftin)", "Melissa M. Montgomery (Felicia Boones)", "Emily Haines (Sissy Peyton)", "Jordana Largy (Candy)", "Mittita Barber (Summer)", "Josh Blacker (Peter)", "Crystal Mudry (Redhead)", "Kelly-Ruth Mercier (Delores Pavlinac)", "David Allan Pearson (Dez)", "Vanessa Walsh (Taffy)", "Peter Flemming (John)", "Kurt Evans (Levi)", "Daryl Shuttleworth (Cotton)", "Spencer Drever (Young Keith)", "Jody Thompson (Cora Jesperson)", "Karyn Mott (Becky Sue Balling)", "Peter Bryant (Agent Phillip Kuttner)", "Darren Moore (Bud Skinner)", "April Telek (Wanda)", "Chilton Crane (Jo Peyton)", "Valerie Sing Turner (Dr. Yanine Tirrell)", "Eliza Faria (Keith's Daughter)", "Hunter Dillon (Keith's Son)", "Todd Daulby (Keith's Father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Happy Face Killer (2014)\r\n\r\nThe Jesperson Temper.\r\n\r\nHappy Face Killer is directed by Rick Bota and written by Richard Christian Matheson. It stars David Arquette, Gloria Reuben, Daryl Shuttleworth, Stefanie von Pfetten and Josh Blacker. Music is by Hal Foxton Beckett and Marc Baril and cinematography by Adam Sliwinski.\r\n\r\nThis is an interpretation of the real life events surrounding the workings \u2013 hunt for \u2013 and capture of Canadian serial killer Keith Hunter Jesperson.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s one of those bone of contentions with adaptations to screen of real life serial killers, with poetic license etc, that invariably many feel cheated of not getting the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. The story of Keith Hunter Jesperson, who would become known as the Happy Face Killer, was not known to me, but when it caught my eye in the TV listings, with Arquette in a serious dramatic role, I had to take a look. Crucially for someone like me who was unaware of the case, it helped me to get more from the viewing experience by reading up on Jesperson after the viewing. I would urge any potential first time viewers to do the same.\r\n\r\nThe core essence of Jesperson\u2019s crimes and his mindset is correct, but motives and means, and crucially childhood traumas, are sketchy at best. If able to accept the poetic license factor, this is still a very detailed and skin itching take on a man who it is confirmed killed 8 women. The murders are staged expertly by the makers to get the required impact to stun the viewers, the procedural aspects of the investigation, led by FBI Agent Melinda Gand (an excellent Reuben) are insightful and gripping, and Arquette, in spite of not remotely fitting the physique or profile of the real Jesperson, works very hard to convince as a man who could turn murderous by the slightest provocation.\r\n\r\nIn the pantheon of serial killer movies this is hardly essential stuff, but it is well worth a look and worthy of inspection by those interested in the topic to hand. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [79123, 22765], "youtube_key": "notfound"}