{"tmdb_id": 257951, "title": "\u00c0 la poursuite du roi Plumes", "original_title": "Resan till Fj\u00e4derkungens Rike", "slug_title": "a-la-poursuite-du-roi-plumes", "date": "2014-02-10", "genre": ["Animation / Aventure"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Johan et son p\u00e8re vivent tous les deux seuls sur l\u2019oc\u00e9an. Johan aime leur bateau : il y a une serre pour faire pousser les carottes, des filets pour p\u00eacher de magnifiques poissons, c\u2019est aussi le lieu id\u00e9al pour des parties de cache-cache... Un jour, alors que son p\u00e8re va \u00e0 terre pour chercher des provisions, il capte un myst\u00e9rieux message \u00e0 la radio... et d\u00e9cide alors de partir \u00e0 la poursuite du Roi Plumes\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vTXj5MCNB70watpdsTY6zksNZUr.jpg", "actors": ["Edvin Ryding (Johan (voice))", "Tuva Novotny (Johan's mother (voice))", "Gustaf Hammarsten (Johan's father (voice))", "Lennart J\u00e4hkel (The Feather King (voice))", "Sissela Kyle (The Captain (voice))", "Leif Andr\u00e9e (Bill (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A little kid's fight against the natural phenomenon.**\r\n\r\nAnimated film from Sweden? I don't remember I have seen one. So probably this is my first from that region. It was less than 80 minutes, that means short and sweet. They should have stretched it a bit longer, but the point of the narration was perfectly accomplished, so it does not matter even it was shorter than the usual length. This is a pure children's film, that families might as well enjoy it. I thought everything in it was cute. The characters, and the simple story. But the animation obviously was not that great as we see in Hollywood. Also not bad to ignore it completely.\r\n\r\nThis takes place on the planet of the rabbits and tells the story of a young Johan. He's the happiest kid, living with his loving parents, but until one day when the feather king gets his mother. Missing her presence, the desperate Johan in a boat at the sea alone, uses the situation after receiving a sos radio message. He now enters the forbidden land without an invitation and his adventure begins to fight for his mother's return. It also helps him to learn an important lesson that ends with what seems the right way.\r\n\r\n> \"The feather king took my mom. And I want her back\"\r\n\r\nAfter seeing this I think the director should get a shot at Hollywood, so that he can come back and make the international quality animated features for his nation. I said that because American production houses usually pour a big amount because of their international market that gets them five to ten times what they have spent. If you are an animation film fan, then you should try this. But you should not compare it with any Hollywood animations. I saw it during the week of Christmas and New Year, the best season to watch such magical tale.\r\n\r\nI liked how they avoided the word 'loss' or 'death'. You would understand the situation in the story, but the film is not intended to go details. This is the film about losing someone you love and when unable to cope, especially the little kids who can't understand such concept, this film tried to give something fictional version of logic. For that reason alone, it's worth a watch with your little ones. Like the Americans say after someone had died that he/she/it is in a better place, this film set in that place and that's why it was called 'Beyond Beyond' that rhymes with 'Mirror Mirror' kind of fairytale.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [78394], "youtube_key": "ZjrjB5zrQQs"}