{"tmdb_id": 25807, "title": "Red Light", "original_title": "Red Light", "slug_title": "red-light", "date": "1949-09-30", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/27FZyHLFMbj84rR7ECp1e9RetPM.jpg", "actors": ["George Raft (Johnny Torno)", "Virginia Mayo (Carla North)", "Gene Lockhart (Warni Hazard)", "Raymond Burr (Nick Cherney)", "Harry Morgan (Rocky (as Henry Morgan))", "Barton MacLane (Detective Strecker)", "Arthur Franz (Capt. Jess Torno (Chaplain)", "Ken Murray (Ken Murray)", "Stanley Clements (Carlson Hotel Bellhop)", "William Frawley (Hotel Night Clerk)", "Arthur Shields (Father Redmond)", "Frank Orth (Wallace 'Wally' Stoner)", "Phillip Pine (Pablo Cabrillo)", "William 'Bill' Phillips (Detective Jim Ryan (as William S. Phillips))", "Movita (Trina (as Movita Castenada))", "Victor Sen Yung (Vincent, Houseboy (uncredited))", "Claire Carleton (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Army Chaplain Slain!\r\n\r\nRed Light is directed by Roy Del Ruth and adapted to screenplay by George Callahan from the story This Guy Gideon written by Don Barry. It stars George Raft, Virginia Mayo, Raymond Burr, Harry Morgan and Gene Lockhart. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Bert Glennon.\r\n\r\nSomething of an oddity, Red Light finds George Raft up to his neck in religion, revenge and a smouldering Virginia Mayo. After his brother, a chaplain, is murdered, he sets off to find the killer, whom can be identified by a message scrawled in a Gideon Bible. Find the Bible, find the killer.\r\n\r\nIt is brought into the film noir sphere of things via Glennon\u2019s photography, which kicks in at the hour mark and runs concurrent with the murky thematics in the narrative, Frisco a rain sodden place of sleaze. Other than that it plays more as a crime drama, albeit one with some decidedly spicy killings and another top villain turn from Raymond Burr. Tiomkin\u2019s musical cues are strange and not always in sync with what is happening on screen, while the biblical hermeneutics and various plot contrivances irk rather than perk.\r\n\r\nSee it for Burr and Glennon\u2019s work, or if you fancy a weird blend of noir and ethical religio redemptions! 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35958, 61960, 37195, 73595]}