{"tmdb_id": 258040, "title": "Ride Out for Revenge", "original_title": "Ride Out for Revenge", "slug_title": "ride-out-for-revenge", "date": "1957-10-31", "genre": "Western / Drame / Action", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oOpKg1iKbYdiObDcYVGjxMY4LHw.jpg", "actors": ["Rory Calhoun (Tate)", "Gloria Grahame (Amy Porter)", "Lloyd Bridges (Captain George)", "Joanne Gilbert (Pretty Willow)", "Vince Edwards (Little Wolf)", "Frank De Kova (Chief Yellow Wolf)", "Michael Winkelman (Billy)", "Richard Shannon (Garvin)", "Cyril Delevanti (Preacher)", "John Frederick (Lieutenant (as John Merrick))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "That's what this town's got, an epidemic, a hate, a disease.\r\n\r\nRide Out for Revenge is directed by Bernard Girard and written by Norman Retchin. It stars Rory Calhoun, Gloria Grahame, Lloyd Bridges, Joanne Gilbert, Frank DeKova and Vince Edwards. Music is by Leith Stevens and cinematography by Floyd Crosby.\r\n\r\nA black and white Civil Rights Oater, Ride Out for Revenge has good intentions and no little amount of dramatic worth. Not everything works, as it's certainly portrayed in simplistic terms, but the anti-racist core of the story is worthy of viewing investment.\r\n\r\nWe are in the town of Sand Creek and the inhabitants are all bitter victims to the Indian Wars. One man stands alone in Sand Creek, Tate (Calhoun), a one time superlative Indian Fighter who now finds himself in love with a Cheyenne woman and firmly of the liberal mind that war has no favourite side: Misery is equal regardless of race, creed and colour. But can Tate avert an impending massacre that is brewing because of bile strewn hatred? Sand Creek is the base for Capt. George (Bridges), a cowardly drunkard who just wants the Cheyenne out of the Black Hills and down to some army governed reservation. But when cold blooded murder rears its ugly head, and tragedy strikes on both sides of the fence, Sand Creek approaches its day of reckoning.\r\n\r\nThe Wages of Sin, eh Captain?\r\n\r\nThere's no great production value on offer but the film still looks splendid thanks to Crosby's (High Noon) photography. Thematically it's a formula that even by 1957 was hardly original, but the under valued Calhoun oozes enough stoic machismo and emotional conflict to really engage those interested in the Civil Rights side of this period in history. Though the fact that he is lusted after by the twin beauties that are Gloria Grahame and Joanne Gilbert marks him out as one lucky dude!\r\n\r\nMaybe you's like to know what a savage girl does when her savage father's murdered? She cries. She cries just as hard as you did when John was killed.\r\n\r\nIs it preachy? No, it isn't. It's a viable narrative doing the best it can on a \"B\" budget. It should be noted that it very much beats the drum for both sides, it makes sure we know that all parties are scarred by the horrors of this distasteful war. OK! So it wont give the superior Devil's Doorway a run for its money, or even be fit enough to tie the boots of Broken Arrow, but it shouldn't be readily dismissed as weak \"B\" movie fodder. Besides, it has enough character interest and an extended knife fight by the river to make it at the very least a time waster for the Western faithful. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}