{"tmdb_id": 258096, "title": "Alpha et Om\u00e9ga 3 : Les grands jeux", "original_title": "Alpha and Omega 3: The Great Wolf Games", "slug_title": "alpha-et-omega-3-les-grands-jeux", "date": "2014-03-25", "genre": ["Animation / Familial / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans le parc national de Jasper, au Canada, une cascade s\u00e9pare les territoires de deux meutes de loups : la meute de l'ouest et celle de l'est. Humphrey et Kate sont deux loups de la m\u00eame meute, celle de l'ouest, mais sont de classe sociale diff\u00e9rente : Kate est une \u00ab alpha \u00bb, membre de la classe dominante d'une meute, car elle est la fille du chef de la meute, Winston, et de sa femme \u00c8ve. Elle prend son r\u00f4le tr\u00e8s au s\u00e9rieux. Quant \u00e0 Humphrey, c'est un \u00ab om\u00e9ga \u00bb, membre de la classe sociale inf\u00e9rieure de la meute, et il passe ses journ\u00e9es \u00e0 jouer avec ses amis ainsi qu'\u00e0 pr\u00e9server la paix...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gy2hBmB5FrFYSTeo7Sk2rxqGwdu.jpg", "actors": ["Dee Dee Greene (Runt)", "Mella Leigh (Agnes)", "Mike Jacobs (Brent)", "Ben Diskin (Humpfrey (voice))", "Kate Higgins (Kate / Stinky (voice))", "Marieve Herington (Claudette (voice)(Lindsay Torrance))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Niko", "content": "oh my god! this franchise's just SO awesome! so, Crest Animations did just the right thing giving us another great Alpha and Omega sequel, after the painful Swan Princess 5. so Alpha and Omega 3 takes off sometime after the second movie - ya know: Kate, Humphrey and the puppies are back home to Jasper - and in this one, there's the Great Wolf Games going on, where all the puppies from different packs come together to participate. even though their pack took a pass of the games Claudette, Stinky and Runt still form a team and have Humphrey as their coach to lead them to the games. and here we got another awesome sequel! now, as y'all know i loved Alpha and Omega 1 and 2. these movies were awesome! when i first heard that they were making not just 1, but 3 more sequels, i literally flipped i was so excited! now, Alpha and Omega 3 finally came and like i said: awesome! this movie knows its target audience and fans, and it knows how to treat them with respect. first of all, the animation. they worked more with the animation in this one, even though it can still get lazy a few times. also, the characters. i said this before and i'm saying it again: these are some of the best characters i ever seen in any movie! we got a bunch of awesome and lovable new characters, while they also develop and establish the old characters even more. Humphrey really shows he's a great coach and a loving dad, the puppies are cuter than ever, Marcel and Paddy are still hilarious and the new puppy Fleet, he was also great. and we also get Kate too. now, i was a little bit sad that there wasn't a lotta Kate moments in the movie. she's only in the movie for like the last half. but like always, Kate steals the show! the moments with her in the movie gotta be some of the best moments i seen in any movie so far. Kate never fails to bring a big smile on your face. she's still hot and sexy without a doubt (hey, she'll always be like that), but she also proves that she's a fantastic mom. the first time we see Kate in the movie (spoiler alert! again stop reading if you haven't seen it yet) is in a flashback Claudette has where she's teaching her the slide. this scene was just so adorable, i never stop smiling. and it's proof that Kate's the best character in this awesome saga and she'll always be. the bummer of this movie, it's that the story wasn't that strong. it's like Tom Kane was like \"Sorry, i can't think of a better story now, so here ya go: The Great Wolf Games\" what? Tom Kane, you can do better. i know you can. also half of the main characters aren't in this movie. i totally get the fact that Kate came earlier from the hunting trip, but i would've loved to seen them at the end. that never happened in this movie, so yea it was kinda of a let down.\r\nall that aside, Alpha and Omega 3 is still a awesome movie and i love it."}], "recommandations_id": [294512, 353430, 397127, 227425], "youtube_key": "reqILL6saoA"}