{"tmdb_id": 258099, "title": "Just Before I Go", "original_title": "Just Before I Go", "slug_title": "just-before-i-go", "date": "2014-04-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Ted Morgan has been treading water for most of his life. After his wife leaves him, Ted realizes he has nothing left to live for.  Summoning the courage for one last act, Ted decides to go home and face the people he feels are responsible for creating the shell of a person he has become.  But life is tricky.  The more determined Ted is to confront his demons, to get closure, and to withdraw from his family, the more Ted is yanked into the chaos of their lives. So, when Ted Morgan decides to kill himself, he finds a reason to live.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dzFqPZUvLAPR47TGwL7fvTi5SUJ.jpg", "actors": ["Seann William Scott (Ted Morgan)", "Garret Dillahunt (Lucky Morgan)", "Olivia Thirlby (Greta)", "Kate Walsh (Kathleen Morgan)", "Rob Riggle (Rawly Stansfield)", "Missi Pyle (Officer CT)", "Evan Ross (Romeo)", "Cleo King (Berta)", "Elisha Cuthbert (Penny)", "Eddie Perino (Peter)", "Jack Quaid (Dylan)", "Beth Grant (Mrs. Lawrence)", "Kyle Gallner (Zeke Morgan)", "Griffin Gluck (Randy Morgan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Sometimes facing the past is the key for the future.**\r\n\r\nWhoa! Why I did not see it before! Seems I totally underestimated it. Lots of good films were released in the 2015 and this is surely one of them. Among the small cost films, this is one of the top 5 films. There's no logic, just a simple storyline with a dark humour. Most of the scene seems deliberate, yet as a one film, very enjoyable.\r\n\r\nA man whose life has never been so colourful, was once saved by a woman who later married him. But now they are separating and he's now getting back to his old position. Instead, he decides to end his life. Before that, he makes a list of 'to do'. Hence returns his hometown to face his past. Begins his quest which will be accompanied by a young woman. The rest of the film focused on the final days of his life.\r\n\r\nI saw it, that's all matters. Because, being a cinephile, I should not miss such a nice film. It's common some films go unnoticed, thankfully I found it. Now I definitely suggest it to others. Awesome performances. I liked every one of them. Sean William was top of it. Olivia Thirby was cute as usual. I had some good laughs, a few of them were loud ones. I could not believe it was made by Coutney Cox. She did a fine job. It was screenplay she has got, but I hope she will be doing more such heartwarming drama films.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [281418, 333344, 249923, 138222], "youtube_key": "LoGzbn_HVsA"}