{"tmdb_id": 258230, "title": "Quelques minutes apr\u00e8s minuit", "original_title": "A Monster Calls", "slug_title": "quelques-minutes-apres-minuit", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": ["Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 son quotidien se partageant entre la maladie de sa m\u00e8re et les humiliations r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9es de ses camarades de classe, un jeune gar\u00e7on se r\u00e9fugie dans un monde imaginaire digne des contes de f\u00e9es, o\u00f9 il est question de courage, de perte et de foi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oqZ0MBWxNrArZpyVqk3QGAA37QL.jpg", "actors": ["Lewis MacDougall (Conor O'Malley)", "Sigourney Weaver (Grandma)", "Felicity Jones (Lizzie O'Malley (Mum))", "Toby Kebbell (Dad)", "Liam Neeson (The Monster (voice))", "Ben Moor (Mr. Clark)", "James Melville (Harry)", "Oliver Steer (Sully)", "Dominic Boyle (Anton)", "Jennifer Lim (Miss Kwan)", "Max Gabbay (Steven)", "Joe Curtis (Peter)", "Morgan Symes (Lawyer)", "Max Golds (5 Year Old Connor)", "Frida Palsson (Lily's Mum)", "Wanda Opalinska (Female Nurse)", "Patrick Taggart (Teacher)", "Lily-Rose Aslandogdu (Lily)", "Geraldine Chaplin (The Head Teacher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An alternate way to confront the reality.**\r\n\r\nBased on the British novel, made by a well known Spanish director. This film might remind you the titles like 'Finding Neverland', 'Where the Wild Things Are', 'Neverwas' et cetera, but still it is unique. Particularly for the message it carried out. Many lines were awesome, inspiring for those whose world are crumbling down. Emotional, as well as one of the best recent children's films.\r\n\r\nThe story of a boy whose mother is severely ill. He starts to have weird dreams, following, an appearance of a tree-monster from the nearby cemetery. The monster is to tell a few tales and at the end of it, he has to tell the truth about his nightmares to him. So as the days go by, it becomes more challenging to him to confront the reality. He can't run away from all, but to face it and those are the remaining narration.\r\n\r\nWhile being a kid, they believe every fantasy tale have narrated to them. Even a picture of those tales would influence to have an imagination in their daily life activity. This film does not hide anything from the viewers just to bring a breathtaking twist at the finale. So, you would know what's happening, but why, is the puzzle to solve. Even that is not a hard nut to crack. Though the purpose of the film is to reveal how some children cope a tragic event in their life, like perhaps the film 'Before I Wake', with misunderstanding the words said by the grown ups to them. This is really a wonderful film for kids, as well as for adults. I Hope you won't miss it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [313297, 267935, 294272, 338766], "youtube_key": "R28irt57Uq8"}