{"tmdb_id": 258310, "title": "Boss Wants a Happy Ending", "original_title": "Patron Mutlu Son \u0130stiyor", "slug_title": "boss-wants-a-happy-ending", "date": "2014-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Sinan is sent to Capadocia by his boss, Isfendiyar to write a screenplay. As he waits for inspiration, Sinan finds himself running first into Eylul, the daughter of Izzet, who owns the hotel where he's booked to stay, and then into soap opera star Faruk, his former good friend and present enemy. It isn't long before cabdriver Lokman, who declares himself Sinan's 'chauffeur' and Arif, a local farmer and horse breeder, are part of both Sinan's life and his screenplay. Although plentiful adventures among the magical fairy chimneys, colorful balloons and at the annual grape festival become like a movie for all involved, the happy ending awaited by the boss, Isfendiyar never happens. But the boss insists on his happy ending. And Sinan has to write that ending!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jvGKysY8uQ6qp6VLInN1zIz1guJ.jpg", "actors": ["Tolga \u00c7evik (Sinan)", "Murat Ba\u015fo\u011flu (Faruk)", "Erkan Can (Arif)", "Ersin Korkut (Lokman)", "Ezgi Mola (Eyl\u00fcl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "erhanersoz", "content": "The movie is about a movie writer who is expected to have a script delivered. But he couldn't manage to write one.Falls in love in the process and writes his own story instead.\r\n\r\nThe final scene is to be predicted even after you read the title. \"Patron Mutlu Son \u0130stiyor\" meaning \"Boss wants a happy ending\", but still the final is cherished and romantic. \r\n\r\nSide characters are well scripted and merged into story very well.\r\n\r\nI am not sure what people expects from a romantic comedy , but it was a very good one indeed. \r\n\r\nLots of laughter , a good plot and very good acting.\r\n\r\n by enverfatih-akgun"}], "recommandations_id": [350830, 171158, 114553, 37572], "youtube_key": "cNtgZC0kPXc"}