{"tmdb_id": 258480, "title": "Carol", "original_title": "Carol", "slug_title": "carol", "date": "2015-11-20", "genre": "Romance / Drame", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans le New York des ann\u00e9es 1950, Therese,  jeune employ\u00e9e d\u2019un grand magasin de Manhattan, fait la connaissance d\u2019une cliente distingu\u00e9e, Carol, femme s\u00e9duisante, prisonni\u00e8re d'un mariage peu heureux. \u00c0 l\u2019\u00e9tincelle de la premi\u00e8re rencontre succ\u00e8de rapidement un sentiment plus profond. Les deux femmes se retrouvent bient\u00f4t prises au pi\u00e8ge entre les conventions et leur attirance mutuelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g6UkoQAVy3fpOKXRpbcGsHHqf93.jpg", "actors": ["Rooney Mara (Therese Belivet)", "Cate Blanchett (Carol Aird)", "Kyle Chandler (Harge Aird)", "Sarah Paulson (Abby Gerhard)", "Jake Lacy (Richard Semco)", "John Magaro (Dannie McElroy)", "Cory Michael Smith (Tommy Tucker)", "Carrie Brownstein (Genevieve Cantrell)", "Kevin Crowley (Fred Haymes)", "Nik Pajic (Phil McElroy)", "Trent Rowland (Jack Taft)", "Sadie Heim (Rindy Aird)", "Kk Heim (Rindy Aird)", "Amy Warner (Jennifer Aird)", "Michael Haney (John Aird)", "Wendy Lardin (Jeanette Harrison)", "Pamela Evans Haynes (Roberta Walls)", "Greg Violand (Jerry Rix)", "Michael Ward (Shipping Clerk)", "Kay Geiger (McKinley Motel Manager)", "Christine Dye (Landlady)", "Deb G. Girdler (Motel Clerk)", "Douglas Scott Sorenson (Male Party Guest)", "Ken Strunk (Ritz Bartender)", "Mike Dennis (Frankenberg Security Guard)", "Ann Reskin (Florence)", "Annie Kalahurka (Embarassed Mom)", "Linnea Bond (Drake Hostess)", "Steven Andrews (New York Times Clerk)", "Tanya Smith (Fred Haymes's Secretary)", "Ryan Wesley Gilreath (NYC Waiter)", "Chuck Gillespie (Oak Room Waiter)", "Jeremy Parker (Dorothy)", "Giedre Bond (Party Girl #1)", "Liberty Fraysure (Frankenberg Employee)", "Robert J. Ashe (Oak Room Patron / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Anita Farmer Bergman (Oak Room Patron (uncredited))", "Colin Botts (Ted Grey (uncredited))", "Chelsea Carnder (McKinley Motel Patron's Daughter (uncredited))", "Gary Chinn (Restaurant / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "William Cross (Frankenberg High End Shopper (uncredited))", "Richard Doone (News Stand Operator / Recuring Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Taylor Frey (Party Girl #2)", "Michael Joseph Thomas Ward (Shipping Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Just when it can't get any better...\r\n\r\nThe first thing I noticed was after seeing the movie is there's some kind of mistake in the Oscars nominee. Rooney Mara should have been on the lead role list, while Cate Blanchett in the supporting character's. Maybe the Academy people misunderstood that the title role must be the lead character. Theirs switched place actually does not make any sense. Anyway the Oscars never made sense at all.\r\n\r\nThis story was okay, but adapted screenplay and direction, especially the music was excellent. For the ending scene alone, you will be tempted to raise your rating than what you initially thought it deserves. I was not expecting the movie to be awesome, so I'm not upset for the overall movie.\r\n\r\nBelieve me, the last thing I want in this movie is to see Cate Blanchett in naked. Maybe out of respect or her age or she's not attracted to me, there are plenty of reasons that I can't figure it out which one, but after knowing what this theme is, I was only praying for that not to happen. And obviously that is unavoidable, otherwise the movie will lose its soul and strength.\r\n\r\nWell, it was better than I thought, both the actresses were good, but Rooney Mara dominated. Whatever category she's in for the Oscars, I'll be happy if she wins. It is not a must watch, but a decent movie and betters in some parts.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'Carol' is beautifully shot and very maturely made. The acting was very class all around the film. The whole thing seemed like it was taken from the 40s. I loved how fine it all looked and felt and it deserved a lot more awards than it got.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [167073, 306819, 311291, 160588]}