{"tmdb_id": 25900, "title": "Tension", "original_title": "Tension", "slug_title": "tension", "date": "1949-11-23", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Warren Quimby, brave gars sans la moindre once de m\u00e9chancet\u00e9, dirige un drugstore pendant que sa voluptueuse femme Claire le trompe \u00e0 tour de bras. Un jour elle franchit le pas en s\u2019installant chez son amant du moment, Barney Deager. Warren tente de la r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer mais se fait rosser par Deager. Il d\u00e9cide alors de tuer ce dernier sous une fausse identit\u00e9. Mais le soir du meurtre, il est incapable de passer \u00e0 l\u2019acte. Le lendemain matin, Claire est de retour \u00e0 la maison : Deager a \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9 mort\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f7z3gJjJAmtH0WnUGfwQkLsOpui.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Basehart (Warren Quimby)", "Audrey Totter (Claire Quimby)", "Cyd Charisse (Mary Chanler)", "Barry Sullivan (Lt. Collier Bonnabel)", "Lloyd Gough (Barney Deager)", "Tom D'Andrea (Freddie, Coast to Coast Counter Man)", "William Conrad (Lt. Edgar Gonsales)", "Tito Renaldo (Narco, Deager's Valet)", "Virginia Brissac (Mrs. Andrews (uncredited))", "Theresa Harris (Woman in Drugstore (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Clark Kent Conundrum.\r\n \r\nTension is directed by John Berry and adapted to screenplay by Allen Rivkin from a story by John D. Klorer. It stars Richard Baseheart, Audrey Totter, Cyd Charisse, Barry Sullivan, Lloyd Gough and William Conrad. Music is by Andre Previn and cinematography by Harry Stradling.\r\n \r\nTight and compact noir pot boiler that finds Baseheart as a drugstore manager married to bitch babe Totter. Planning to do away with her lover, Baseheart is stumped when someone beats him to it. But he of course is still the main suspect, so creating a new identity for himself he sets about trying to unravel the mystery before hard coppers Sullivan and Conrad jump on him from a great height.\r\n \r\nTotter files in for classic femme fatale duties as Tension thrives on the post-war period of change as many Americans yearned for a better life away from the disillusionment of their current existence. Baseheart is the classic sap, dreaming of some picket fence nirvana with his vixen wife, only to have his illusions shattered by her callous clambering for the finer things in life, including a more alpha male suitor in the imposing form of  Lloyd Gough. But wait! Baseheart has some brains, he has ideas above his station to commit the perfect crime, but inventing a new identity, which is basically just using contact lenses instead of glasses, it opens up a new avenue for him in the shapely form of Cyd Charisse.\r\n \r\nRivkin\u2019s screenplay gives Totter licence to bitch up big time, with abuse of her sultry charms and a viper tongue delivering barbs, Totter\u2019s Claire Quimby is very much a quintessential femme fatale and subsequently Totter walks away with the movie. Elsewhere isn\u2019t bad though, it\u2019s a roll call of stoic noir performers, from Sullivan\u2019s hard-nosed detective and Conrad\u2019s doughnut twirling menace, to Gough\u2019s looming presence and Charisse\u2019s vulnerable beauty, it\u2019s a very well cast picture. Sealing the deal is Berry\u2019s unfussy direction, Stradling\u2019s atmospheric photography and Previn\u2019s musical score that puts the tense in Tension. \r\n \r\nSome of it\u2019s daft, such as the Clark Kent line of character invention, and you don\u2019t have to be a genius to know who committed the foul deed, but this is a good un\u2019 for sure. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36521, 42062, 35956, 26838]}