{"tmdb_id": 259078, "title": "Shark's Paradise", "original_title": "Shark's Paradise", "slug_title": "shark-s-paradise", "date": "1986-03-13", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Action / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pdmC7KpZONQTG66DUlbZNs3Vfn5.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GrindhouseDJ70", "content": "\"Get your damn hands off me or I'll give you a social disease you wouldn't believe...!\"\r\n\r\nThis is a pretty crazy Australian made for TV film. Throw in every film clich\u00e9 you can mention, some extremely bad 80's fashion, hilariously bad dialogue, speed boats, car chases and you get the Aussie equivalent of Miami Vice with sharks... well almost. It's great fun and there's never a dull moment. Don't expect much shark action though. Apart from a couple of brief scenes at the beginning and the end the sharks are barely in it. Not that it really matters. The idea that a mad genius(?) is holding a city to ransom with the threat of sending 100's of sharks to their coastlines to decimate the public is fun but the loop hole is massive (erm... just stay out the bloody water!). When our leading lady is hanging off the feet of a helicopter it is so glaringly obvious it's a stunt double (twice the size of the actress and more 'blokey' looking). I laughed my ass off all the way through. An added bonus is the soundtrack, featuring the likes of Split Enz, INXS and The Hoodoo Gurus and The Church among others. Trashy fun. Neat...!"}], "recommandations_id": []}