{"tmdb_id": 25943, "title": "Un Ange... ou presque", "original_title": "Almost an Angel", "slug_title": "un-ange-ou-presque", "date": "1990-12-21", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Terry Dean est un voleur professionnel. Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 renvers\u00e9 par une voiture pour sauver la vie d'une petite fille, il est contact\u00e9 par Dieu qui lui dit qu'il est un ange. Mais, cela s'av\u00e8re difficile \u00e0 croire puisqu'il n'a aucun pouvoir particulier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j1h06px20YOg9eIbDoUUFOjH6rB.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Hogan (Terry Dean)", "Elias Koteas (Steve Garner)", "Linda Kozlowski (Rose Garner)", "Doreen Lang (Mrs. Garner)", "Douglas Seale (Father)", "Larry Miller (Teller)", "Charlton Heston (God)", "Stephanie Hodge (Diner Waitress)", "David Alan Grier (Det. Bill)", "Jason Marsden (Boy)", "Randy Vasquez (Hood Nervo at Bank)", "Peter Mark Vasquez (Thug)", "Michael Alldredge (Det. Sgt. Freebody)", "Ruth Warshawsky (Irene Bealeman)", "Parley Baer (George Bealeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You and me boss, we make a good team.\r\n\r\nTerry Dean is an exceptional career criminal, after his release from prison he is hit by a car whilst saving a young boy. He awakes in what appears to be a heavenly place, and much to his surprise he is visited by a deity and told that he is on probation, he is in short...almost an angel.\r\n\r\nPaul Hogan will forever be known as the bloke from Crocodile Dundee, a highly efficient fish out of water comedy that became a huge hit. However, the sequels and his other subsequent film's are either roundly ignored or highly frowned upon. That's a shame because Almost An Angel is a very engaging comedy, the sort of picture that stands up like a Capraesque piece for the 90s. It's the sort of fable that cheers one up when the blues draw in and then turn into a blackly dark cloud, yes it be true, old craggy faced Paul Hogan has the gift of comedy. True enough the doses of sentiment are at times like a treacle itch to be scratched, but is that a bad thing? Watching a street wise criminal turning his less than honourable skills into a thing of goodness?\r\n\r\nThe film has many visual gags to go with the ream of religious ones that flow within the piece, be it Hogan attempting to fly or a quiet word about Elvis, Almost An Angel delights if one accepts the nature of the beast. Linda Kozlowski again teams up with Hogan (after the earlier Crocodile Dundee pairing), here she has very little to do but she slots in very nicely, even if a pre-end credits sequence does her and everyone else no favours at all. The best actor on show is the criminally undervalued Elias Koteas, playing the wheelchair bound Steve Garner, he exudes a believability factor that many modern day actors can learn from, where, the ability to act with just your face is high art if it's done correctly. Check out both the first and last scenes that Koteas shares with Hogan, great stuff that seems to have been forgotten due to the disdain shown for this particular film.\r\n\r\nI rate it 7/10 because it hits my spot when I need a pick me up, perhaps that is too high in this age where comedy is the hardest genre to succeed in? But don't believe the low rating here on this site, it's a delightful little comedy that is far from perfect, but hell! It's a heavenly piece knowingly incorporating the serious side of religious beliefs."}], "recommandations_id": [26425, 82630, 27719, 6264], "youtube_key": "_5ZGcob1q7s"}