{"tmdb_id": 259544, "title": "Dead on Appraisal", "original_title": "Dead on Appraisal", "slug_title": "dead-on-appraisal", "date": "2014-03-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Real estate agent John Dante has a problem. He's stuck with a house he can't sell. Despite his best efforts, he can't seem to overcome the house's past and the macabre tales that precede it in this haunting anthology. In the first story, THE MORNING AFTER, a group of friends wake up from the party of a lifetime to find a nightmare in the form of the worst bug invasion any homeowner has ever seen. Then there's Freddie Cooper and his band, FREDDIE AND THE GOBLINS; a tale of how Freddie's band mates try to kick him out and get caught up in the young singer's growing psychosis. With his hopes of selling the house fading, John is horrified to hear the story of Robbie, a young veteran of the war in Iraq, who returns home to live with his father Brad in FATHER LAND. Something isn't right, though, as Robbie's dark secret slowly bubbles to the surface. As the house's dark past comes to life, John becomes weary and is convinced the house is cursed and unsellable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jht7vtsfyqIBAdHq8CIRPo0pTBE.jpg", "actors": ["Zack Fahey (Jerry / Freddie / Felix / Stu (segments \"The Morning After\" and \"Freddie and the Goblins\" and \"Closing Costs\") (voice))", "Mike Pfaff (John Dante (segment \"Closing Costs\"))", "Marguerite Insolia (Sarah (segment \"Closing Costs\"))", "Anthony Berhle (Chuck / Detective Williams (segments \"The Morning After\" and \"Freddie and the Goblins\" and \"Closing Costs\"))", "James Howell (Brad (segment \"Father Land\"))", "R. Daniel Long (Darryl (segment \"The Morning After\"))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [206721, 138792, 69773, 21343], "youtube_key": "EwW2ek4acVQ"}