{"tmdb_id": 259694, "title": "C\u00e9libataire, Mode d'Emploi", "original_title": "How to Be Single", "slug_title": "celibataire-mode-d-emploi", "date": "2016-01-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Il y a une bonne fa\u00e7on d'\u00eatre c\u00e9libataire, une mauvaise fa\u00e7on d'\u00eatre c\u00e9libataire, et puis... il y a Alice ! Et Robin. Lucy. Meg. Tom. David. New York est plein de gens seuls qui recherchent l'\u00e2me s\u0153ur \u2013 que ce soit pour une histoire d'amour, une aventure d'un soir ou une relation \u00e0 mi-chemin entre les deux... Et entre les flirts par SMS et les histoires sans lendemain, ces irr\u00e9ductibles au mariage ont tous besoin d'apprendre Comment se comporter en c\u00e9libataire dans un monde o\u00f9 les d\u00e9finitions de l'amour ne cessent d'\u00e9voluer. Coucher \u00e0 droite \u00e0 gauche dans une ville en constante effervescence est plus excitant que jamais !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jAhFr4OKTq8c5YYi8Xe5raYMU8O.jpg", "actors": ["Dakota Johnson (Alice Kepley)", "Rebel Wilson (Robin)", "Leslie Mann (Meg)", "Alison Brie (Lucy)", "Damon Wayans Jr. (David)", "Nicholas Braun (Josh)", "Anders Holm (Tom)", "Jake Lacy (Ken)", "Jason Mantzoukas (George)", "Nick Bateman (Actor)", "Tuesday Knight (Actress)", "Carla Quevedo (Camille)", "Charlotte Kirk (Bachelorette Tiffany)", "Colin Jost (Paul)", "Sarah Ramos (Michelle)", "Mickey Gooch Jr. (Robin's Date)", "Vanessa Rubio (David's Wife)", "Zani Jones Mbayise (Phoebe)", "Brent Morin (Lucy's Date)", "Kay Cannon (Woman Giving Birth)", "Tony Cheng (Banker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The young women's attempts to get the life they wanted.**\r\n\r\nAnother novel based film from the director of 'Love, Rosie'. About the four young women that tells how to enjoy the life by balancing the men and the parties. Very interesting cast, hot ones like Dakota Johnson, Alison Brie and even she's in her 40s Leslie Mann looked so fantastic. The narration had layers to focus on these different people and their different attempt to get the life they wanted. In that, I kind of like Leslie's, maybe the age fact and to be touched by her love tale with decency. But Dakota and Alison led it with their glamorous way and theirs each tale as well not bad, particularly depicting the present world's youngster's culture.\r\n\r\nFrom the all, the biggest surprise was the Rebel Wilson, who I never liked much as I did for in this, definitely she was at her best. The story was good, seems it was squashed with the too many contents, but awesomely managed to bring them all in one direction by linking them to the main characters. So that makes the stories of everyone take place within the circle and delivered a good entertainment, Lots of fun, even though it is a pure commercial film, there are many things from it that makes us to think seriously. Particularly thinking them from the youngster's perspective about the current world status in the entertainment segment.\r\n\r\nI don't know those who are complaining about it had they watched the same film, Because it is a fine entertainment, even though it is chick film, anybody, particularly adults can have a great time. In a thin margin, there was about men as well, how they're caught between the women they are in love and those women what they believe in. I'm being a man, I really enjoyed it despite target audience is women. I know this is not a masterpiece, but definitely not the worst film of the year or decade. In the film, everyone wanted to be in the relationship, so I did not get it, but the end clarifies decently about the title. Surely worth a watch, if you want a good entertainment.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [316023, 376659, 193610, 254470], "youtube_key": "ytTzLXX2Hek"}