{"tmdb_id": 259693, "title": "Conjuring 2 : Le cas Enfield", "original_title": "The Conjuring 2", "slug_title": "conjuring-2-le-cas-enfield", "date": "2016-05-13", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Lorraine et Ed Warren se rendent dans le nord de Londres pour venir en aide \u00e0 une m\u00e8re qui \u00e9l\u00e8ve seule ses quatre enfants dans une maison hant\u00e9e par des esprits mal\u00e9fiques. Il s'agira d'une de leurs enqu\u00eates paranormales les plus terrifiantes\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fOSH3nMO49qvfRa76tYP09aVGcA.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Wilson (Ed Warren)", "Vera Farmiga (Lorraine Warren)", "Madison Wolfe (Janet Hodgson)", "Frances O'Connor (Peggy Hodgson)", "Simon McBurney (Maurice Grosse)", "Lauren Esposito (Margaret Hodgson)", "Benjamin Haigh (Billy Hodgson)", "Patrick McAuley (Johnny Hodgson)", "Maria Doyle Kennedy (Peggy Nottingham)", "Simon Delaney (Vic Nottingham)", "Franka Potente (Anita Gregory)", "Bob Adrian (Bill Wilkins)", "Steve Coulter (Father Gordon)", "Chris Royds (Graham Morris)", "Abhi Sinha (Harry Whitmark)", "Sterling Jerins (Judy Warren)", "Daniel Wolfe (Kent Allen)", "Annie Young (Constable Heeps)", "Elliot Joseph (Constable Peterson)", "Cory English (Stephen Kaplan)", "Emily Tasker (Camilla)", "Kate Cook (Mrs. More)", "Shannon Kook (Drew Thomas)", "Thomas Harrison (Peter)", "Jennifer Collins (Louise Defeo)", "Robin Atkin Downes (Bill Wilkins (voice))", "Bonnie Aarons (Demon Nun)", "Javier Botet (Crooked Man)", "Joseph Bishara (Demon)", "Nancy DeMars (Woman Walking Dog)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**This time a London family struggle in their haunted house.**\r\n\r\nFirst of all, I am not a big fan of the first film, but I liked that. Now this sequel was not bad either. This time it takes us to the London. But the film reminded me the 80s film 'Poltergeist', particularly the second part. So don't assume it is exactly the same, only the scenes involving house seems similar, but the story was different. It is another true story based film, that's what they said in the opening statement. You're not forced to believe that, if you're here for an entertainment, you will get that if you put your logics away for the two hours.\r\n\r\nA family of four young children and their mother living in a house in the London witness some serious paranormal activities lately. Particularly the eleven year old girl affected the most with the spirit the house possessed. So the American couple from the first film are brought in to do their best to help the family. When they try to contact the spirit, they won't get what they were looking for. Instead, an unexpected blame goes for the girl and soon the family loses confidence in them. The overcoming those misunderstanding, particularly realising the truth brings a twist before concluding the tale.\r\n\r\nThe one twenty minute never looked too long. Because there's always something keeps happening, so the audience to keep engaged with. Probably this is won't be your best horror film of the years, but being a horror themed film, it had good form of those contents. Not too scary, at a time those clich\u00e9s were used in a good way to bring freshness in the scenes. I will credit the writers for that. Besides, the actors were undoubtedly good, including those little ones. For me this is a better horror film and I definitely look for another sequel. I hope this one would stand up to your expectations.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I know I'm in the minority on this, but I actually preferred it to the original.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [138843, 250546, 345911, 91586]}