{"tmdb_id": 259695, "title": "Live by Night", "original_title": "Live by Night", "slug_title": "live-by-night", "date": "2016-12-25", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Durant la prohibition aux Etats-Unis, Joe Coughlin se rebelle contre son p\u00e8re policier et devient un redoutable criminel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/spumRTyLBLm8oA98vOOMWCY839l.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Joe Coughlin)", "Elle Fanning (Loretta Figgis)", "Brendan Gleeson (Thomas Coughlin)", "Chris Messina (Dion Bartolo)", "Sienna Miller (Emma Gould)", "Zoe Saldana (Graciella Suarez)", "Chris Cooper (Chief Irving Figgis)", "Anthony Michael Hall (Gary Smith)", "Titus Welliver (Tim Hickey)", "Derek Mears (Donnie Gishler)", "Max Casella (Digger Pescatore)", "Robert Glenister (Albert White)", "Chris Sullivan (Brendan Loomis)", "J.D. Evermore (Virgil Beauregard)", "Tom Virtue (Doctor)", "Matthew Maher (RD Pruitt)", "Bruno Amato (Jeff)", "Benny Ciaramello (Paulo Bartolo)", "Michael Mantell (Jack Jarvis)", "Michael Chieffo (Pastor)", "Andrew Bongiorno (Fasani)", "Austin Swift (Mayweather)", "Mark Burzenski (Statler Guest (uncredited))", "Lucy Angelo (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "Larry Eudene (Northend Newspaper Vendor (uncredited))", "Lexie Roth (Gillette Factory Worker (uncredited))", "Kristen Annese (Gillette Factory Worker (uncredited))", "Katie O'Malley (Cigarette Girl (uncredited))", "John Bishop (Disheveled Man (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Fall and rise, a revenge tale.**\r\n\r\nNumber four for the director Affleck after his other film won the Oscars four years ago. He has also written the screenplay and produced it. It was based on the book of the same name. The story of a World War I veteran turned notorious gangster. Escaping from the war, falling in love with a gangster's woman, a bank heist, prison time, the son of a police officer and his journey to the top of the criminal world after losing everything at one stage of his life. More like a revenge film, but the intention was not aggressive. Only the time and the life passage give one to him.\r\n\r\nFrom all his directional films, probably this could be the worst one. It had everything a gangster film needed like gun fights, car chase, revenge, romance, yet I felt lacked depth in its overall theme. Actors were not bad, the settings looked fine. The length of the film was a bit long, but the film offered nothing new. It looked like someone's biography or made it look like one. I think that's the point. Even the end part of the film extends, only to annoy us after two long hours patiently sat for it.\r\n\r\nThe best part of the film, what I liked was the 1920s. The story about between two the World Wars, that too was about an internal affair like underworld activities looked nice on the screen. The cast and crew were best for the film, yet failed to impress us. Though it was not totally a bad film of the year, only it did not stand and deliver as it was promised. So, still it can be watched once if you prefer, but not guaranteed entertainment.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334524, 302946, 325789, 369885]}