{"tmdb_id": 259935, "title": "Pendulum", "original_title": "Pendulum", "slug_title": "pendulum", "date": "2001-11-16", "genre": ["Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "1.5/10", "synopsis": "The nature and lure of power: in Dallas, a councilman is on trial for corruption, the D.A. is running for the US Senate, a serial killer is slashing prostitutes, and a professor is murdered. Amanda Reeve is assigned to investigate the law-school killing. She hears rumors that the dead man offered women students good grades in exchange for sex. The trail leads her to two wealthy, beautiful students whose alibi is provided by a librarian. At the same time, the cops close in on the slasher. Meanwhile, Amanda misses her former lover, next in line to become D.A., and a reporter is fired for getting close to the truth about the Senate candidate. Is a cover-up or conspiracy in the works?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bJTM5fXUgaxY1cJdtwPtJMuVdY9.jpg", "actors": ["Rachel Hunter (Amanda Reeve)", "James Russo (Edward Mills)", "Matt Battaglia (William Cobb)", "Scarlett McAlister (Haley Porter)", "Alaina Huffman (Terry Weiss)", "Stephanie Vogt (Melissa Regan)", "Paige Carl Griggs (Robert Mosley)", "Ron Rogg\u00e9 (Barnes)", "Pato Hoffmann (Petty)", "Robert Graham (Nigel Emerson)", "Cliff Stephens (Dr. Prescott)", "Caroline Flores (Kim)", "Dell Johnson (Lt. Fraizer)", "Bob Richardson (Coleman Weiss)", "Alissa Alban (Stephanie Lowe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}