{"tmdb_id": 259958, "title": "Alex of Venice", "original_title": "Alex of Venice", "slug_title": "alex-of-venice", "date": "2015-04-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "After her stay-at-home husband leaves her, a workaholic lawyer finds that she is not completely up to the tasks of caring for her young son, ailing father and household all by herself.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/loDS9fw5vKvvWhmOYMrgASrNUCC.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Alex Vedder)", "Chris Messina (George)", "Don Johnson (Roger)", "Derek Luke (Frank)", "Katie Nehra (Lily)", "Skylar Gaertner (Dakota)", "Beth Grant (Teacher)", "Jose Alvarez (Q)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some self-discoveries come looking for you!**\r\n\r\nNot to be confused with Venice in the title as the Europe's own Venice. It's a place in Los Agenles, USA. I don't know it is to be called a B movie or an indie, but definitely a decent drama with a decent storyline and cast. Indeed, it was about Alex, a middle age working and married woman with a young son. Her husband who takes care of the household, is now deserted them. So in her busy working life, Alex comes to realise the family bonding, particularly with her son. Then there's her dad and sister who are a troublemaker than any useful. So her life with a new perspective begins, like a self-discovery.\r\n\r\nThis is a directional debut for a supporting actor. He should be directing more films. I really liked it. It was simple and obviously realistic. This thing happens in the real world. So all I felt it was a reflection of someone's real life on the screen. Well written and directed. I liked the cast too. Mary Elizabeth was very good and so the rest of them. This is not an unexpected film, but with its limits it had narrated a fine story. The ratings are not fair. It's surely worth a watch and better than an average. I think only the adult would recognise it from its contents with similar experiences of their own lives.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241071, 261820, 340881, 91930], "youtube_key": "FpLBd14-Txk"}