{"tmdb_id": 260001, "title": "Amies malgr\u00e9 lui", "original_title": "Life Partners", "slug_title": "amies-malgre-lui", "date": "2014-12-05", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Paige, h\u00e9t\u00e9rosexuelle, et Sasha, homosexuelle, ont fait un pacte : la premi\u00e8re ne pourra se marier que quand la seconde b\u00e9n\u00e9ficiera des m\u00eames droits. Un charmant jeune docteur va malheureusement changer la donne entre les deux amies...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i0HIFCSIGB3RibSqwV9JojubOSS.jpg", "actors": ["Leighton Meester (Sasha)", "Gillian Jacobs (Paige)", "Adam Brody (Tim)", "Gabourey Sidibe (Jen)", "Beth Dover (Jenn)", "Abby Elliott (Vanessa)", "Kate McKinnon (Trace)", "Mark Feuerstein (Casey)", "Greer Grammer (Mia)", "Elizabeth Ho (Valerie)", "Julie White (Deborah)", "Monte Markham (Ken)", "Anne O'Shea (Nora)", "Simone Bailly (Angelica)", "AJ Meijer (Brian)", "John Forest (Lucas)", "Zee James (Claire)", "Mary Page Keller (Sasha's Mom (voice))", "Matthew Cardarople (Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Where transition happens from youth to middle-age!**\r\n\r\nLife in the thirties. Just now destined to meet the life partners, which actually threatening a life long friendship. Yeah, it is kind of reminds plenty of films from the past, but never too old to enjoy, especially if you are a 30+. It was like the next level of the life story to the films like 'Ginger & Rosa', 'Little Birds', 'Very Good Girls'. One knows the life cannot go on, being with friends forever. The friendship could still remain, but when someone comes between them, it won't be the same. That's what this film is about.\r\n\r\nWhat worked for this film was the two main characters. A straight and a gay friend, and how their love life or still looking for their life partner portrayed fantastically. The actresses were impressive. They are not like from list A. The director too. I wish her to flourish. Yeah, they talked about 'The Big Leboswsky' in the film, honesty, I thought too as well it an average film. The film was shot within a three weeks. Lot better than I was expecting. I love films about the life. The life transition between youth to middle-age. The lesson one learns from self-experience. So definitely a good watch. I don't see a reason to dislike it.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [253283, 259958, 209271, 261820], "youtube_key": "AgCPs6iKF2w"}