{"tmdb_id": 260151, "title": "I Stefania", "original_title": "\u0397 \u03a3\u03c4\u03b5\u03c6\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1", "slug_title": "i-stefania", "date": "1966-03-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "18 year old Stefania is brought to a juvenile reformatory for young prostitutes. The institution is actually a prison, and one of the worst and most squalid of its kind. It's a real hell. Two dozens of ragged girls are crammed into a dormitory, locked by a thick iron door, two in each bed. Meals and work is carried out in other sections of the building, separated by iron bars. A young doctor shall investigate the newcomer. When they meet, they immediately recognize each other. It is Giorgos, the doctor that treated Stefania's mother a couple of years ago, and then had a little flirt with Stefania. He has been thinking of her ever since. He immediately falls in love with her, and wants to help her. Stefania is thinking about any possibility to get out from the prison. She flirts with the ugly yard guard Armandos, and with the truck driver coming with foodstuff, but in vain...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vHM2Nc56HkceiQzAZspznHCd0z0.jpg", "actors": ["Zoe Laskari (Stefania Karali)", "Spiros Foc\u00e1s (Giorgos Daponte)", "Tasso Kavadia (Reformatory Director)", "Lefteris Vournas (Delivery Boy)", "Spyros Kalogirou (Armandos)", "Despo Diamantidou (Woman Guard)", "Kakia Panagiotou (Stefania's Mother)", "Byron Pallis (Manos)", "Nora Valsami (Esther)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}