{"tmdb_id": 26039, "title": "Le Point de non-retour", "original_title": "Point Blank", "slug_title": "le-point-de-non-retour", "date": "1967-08-30", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "C'est pour le compte de son ami Reese que Walker, accompagn\u00e9 de sa femme, r\u00e9cup\u00e8re dans la prison d\u00e9saffect\u00e9e d'Alcatraz un magot de 93 000 dollars. L'op\u00e9ration r\u00e9ussit. Reese abat Walker et emm\u00e8ne sa femme, qu'il convoitait depuis longtemps. Seulement Walker n'est pas mort et n'a de cesse de ch\u00e2tier Reese et ses complices.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/slqptHys6HQJKXOnRm1LqxFxzJP.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Marvin (Walker)", "Angie Dickinson (Chris)", "Keenan Wynn (Yost)", "Carroll O'Connor (Brewster)", "Lloyd Bochner (Frederick Carter)", "Michael Strong (Stegman)", "John Vernon (Mal Reese)", "Sharon Acker (Lynne)", "James Sikking (Hired Gun)", "Sandra Warner (Waitress)", "Roberta Haynes (Mrs. Carter)", "Kathleen Freeman (First Citizen)", "Victor Creatore (Carter's Man)", "Lawrence Hauben (Car Salesman)", "Susan Holloway (Girl Customer)", "Sid Haig (1st Penthouse Lobby Guard)", "Michael Bell (2nd Penthouse Lobby Guard)", "Priscilla Boyd (Receptionist)", "John McMurtry (Messenger)", "Ron Walters (Young Man in Apartment)", "George Strattan (Young Man in Apartment)", "Nicole Rogell (Carter's Secretary)", "Rico Cattani (Reese's Guard)", "Roland La Starza (Reese's Guard)", "Roseann Williams (Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You're a very bad man, Walker, a very destructive man!\r\n\r\nPoint Blank is directed by John Boorman and collectively adapted to screenplay by Alexander Jacobs, David Newhouse and Rafe Newhouse from the novel The Hunter written by Richard Stark. It stars Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson, Keenan Wynn, Carroll O'Connor, Lloyd Bochner and Michael Strong. Music is by Johnny Mandel and the Panavision cinematography (in Metrocolor) is by Philip H. Lathrop.\r\n\r\nBetrayed by wife and friend during a robbery, Walker (Marvin) is left dying on a stone cold cell floor at closed down Alcatraz...\r\n\r\nPure neo-noir, a film that could be argued was ahead of its time, given that it wouldn't find a fan base until many years later. Yet it deserves to be bracketed as a benchmark for the second phase of noir, a shining light of the neo world, experimenting with techniques whilst beating a true film noir heart.\r\n\r\nThe story is deliciously biting, pumped full of betrayals and double crosses, fatales and revenge, death and destruction. It even has a trick in the tale, ambiguity. It all plays out in a boldly coloured Los Angeles, the photography sparkles as Mandel lays an elegiacal and haunting musical score over the various stages of the drama. The talented Boorman has a field day with the elements of time, shunting various strands of the story around with sequences that at first glance seem out of place, but actually are perfect in context to what is narratively happening, the director gleefully toying with audience expectations. While suffice to say angles are tilted and close ups broadened to further style the pic.\r\n\r\nThen there is Walker, a single minded phantom type character, played with grace and menace by Marvin - who better to trawl the Los Angeles underworld with than Marv? This guy only wants what he is owed from the robbery, nothing more, nothing less, but if the meagre reward is not forthcoming, people are going to pay with something more precious than cash. His mission is both heroic and tragic, with Boorman asking the viewers to improvise their thought process about what it all inevitably means. Funding the fuel around Marvin are good players providing slink, sleaze and suspicion.\r\n\r\nDeliberate pacing isn't for everyone, neither is stylised violence and stylish directorial trickery, but for those who dine at said tables, Point Blank, and Walker the man, is for you. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25504, 1485, 25955, 17365], "youtube_key": "Z3CCNj_zMco"}