{"tmdb_id": 26036, "title": "Derri\u00e8re le miroir", "original_title": "Bigger Than Life", "slug_title": "derriere-le-miroir", "date": "1956-08-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "A la suite de plusieurs malaises, Ed Avery est conduit \u00e0 l\u2019h\u00f4pital o\u00f9 les m\u00e9decins diagnostiquent une maladie mortelle. On lui propose alors un nouveau m\u00e9dicament, la cortisone. Les effets semblent rapides et b\u00e9n\u00e9fiques mais peu \u00e0 peu son comportement change. Le p\u00e8re de famille perd rapidement ses rep\u00e8res et sombre dans la folie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tKKZg15kTcFIgqUgmoCNMCwje6r.jpg", "actors": ["James Mason (Ed Avery)", "Barbara Rush (Lou Avery)", "Walter Matthau (Wally Gibbs)", "Robert F. Simon (Dr. Norton)", "Christopher Olsen (Richie Avery)", "Roland Winters (Dr. Ruric)", "Rusty Lane (Bob LaPorte)", "Rachel Stephens (une infirmi\u00e8re)", "Kipp Hamilton (Pat Wade)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Godaray", "content": "The movie deals with serious topics pertaining to life and drug abuse. Ed Avery (James Mason) has a serious condition which can only be controlled with cortisone, a still experimental drug leaving consequences in the human psyche. In the movie, Ed is describes as an intelligent, vibrant and happy man. He lives a mediocre, but happy life, he has financial problems just like any other man, and in the start of the movie we can see how much he loves his family, and would do anything for his wifes and sons safety. Then, he becomes addicted to cortisone, and almost everything changes, it leaves a scar which changes their quality of life. As any other addictive prescription drug, he becomes obsessed with having to take it. He even impersonates a doctor in order to get it, his son and wife are deeply affected by his actions, and his son, who has almost gone out of his mind looking at his father grow more and more depressed and vulnerable tries to steal his pills, Ed catches him in the act and leaves his child in the room so that he could contemplate about the level of his punishment, he is then affected with the Bible, exactly , the passage with Abraham and his son Isaac. He gets it into his head that, to make things right he needs to murdor his son, and than his wife and himself, of course, he is stopped in the act and the movie ends happily with him getting back to normal and his happy family life."}], "recommandations_id": [44190, 35987, 43370, 42112], "youtube_key": "5NvuvQ6pQIQ"}