{"tmdb_id": 260514, "title": "Cars 3", "original_title": "Cars 3", "slug_title": "cars-3", "date": "2017-06-15", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9pass\u00e9 par une nouvelle g\u00e9n\u00e9ration de bolides ultra-rapides, le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Flash McQueen se retrouve mis sur la touche d\u2019un sport qu\u2019il adore. Pour revenir dans la course et prouver, en souvenir de Doc Hudson, que le n\u00b0 95 a toujours sa place dans la Piston Cup, il devra faire preuve d\u2019ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9. L\u2019aide d\u2019une jeune m\u00e9canicienne pleine d\u2019enthousiasme, Cruz Ramirez, qui r\u00eave elle aussi de victoire, lui sera d\u2019un pr\u00e9cieux secours...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7kLxLFtfvmg817XcRmnEE4FXLtA.jpg", "actors": ["Owen Wilson (Lightning McQueen (voice))", "Cristela Alonzo (Cruz Ramirez (voice))", "Chris Cooper (Smokey Yunick (voice))", "Armie Hammer (Jackson Storm (voice))", "Bonnie Hunt (Sally Careera (Voice))", "Larry the Cable Guy (Mater (Voice))", "Nathan Fillion (Sterling (voice))", "Kerry Washington (Natalie Certain (voice))", "Lea DeLaria (Miss Fritter (voice))", "Tony Shalhoub (Luigi (voice))", "Guido Quaroni (Guido (voice))", "Lloyd Sherr (Fillmore (voice))", "Paul Dooley (Sarge)", "Cheech Marin (Ramone (Voice))", "Jenifer Lewis (Flo (voice))", "Lewis Hamilton (Hamilton)", "Bob Costas (Bob Cutlass (voice))", "Bob Peterson (Chick Hicks)", "Katherine Helmond (Lizzie (voice))", "John Ratzenberger (Mack (voice))", "Michael Wallis (Sheriff (voice))", "Ray Magliozzi (Dusty (voice))", "Tom Magliozzi (Rusty (voice))", "Isiah Whitlock Jr. (River Scott (voice))", "Junior Johnson (Junior 'Midnight' Moon (voice))", "Margo Martindale (Louise 'Barnstormer' Nash (voice))", "Chase Elliott ()", "Ryan Blaney ()", "Darrell Wallace Jr. ()", "Darrell Waltrip (Darrell Cartrip)", "Shannon Spake ()", "Humpy Wheeler ()", "Jeff Gordon ()", "Daniel Su\u00e1rez ()", "Kyle Petty ()", "Mike Joy ()", "Ray Evernham ()", "Richard Petty (Strip \"The King\" Weathers (voice))", "Paul Newman (Doc Hudson (voice))", "Jason Pace (Radio Sports Talk DJ (Voice))", "Angel Oquendo (Bobby Swift (voice))", "Madeleine McGraw (Maddy McGear (voice))", "Andra Day (Sweet Tea (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The new age begins!**\r\n\r\nHaving seen enough animated feature that possible eligible for the 2018 Oscars, I'm really disappointed with the result of some of the big titles. Yes, including this one, not big films, except 'Coco' are up to any impressive. The bright side is, after a long time, 2D animation might win. This was an okay film. Though I liked the story outline, but did not like how it all was narrated.\r\n\r\nI have seen the evolution of 'Harry Potter'. I meant the cast, particularly the main three. For a decade, the little kids grew into older teenagers. But for an animation character, there's no concept of ageing. They always remain same. This film just gave a new perspective. I mean it talked about being or growing old and how it impacts our lives. That we can't hold forever our safe position. Sooner or later, the youngsters will take over it.\r\n\r\nMcQueen is enjoying his racing, competing with his friendly opponents. But it all changes when a young rookie rewrites the history. Without able to cope with the new generation and their aggression, how McQueen and Co like to counter the latest threat is the film's story. Liked such inspiring storyline. I mean it would inspire more the middle aged people than anybody else. But it is a fun film for all ages, particularly the kids. It is just like turning 'Rambo' into 'Creed', I just want a new beginning in the next sequel.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "A worthy follow up to the original film, miles better than Cars 2.  They wisely focus the action back on Lightnin' McQueen and keep Mater to a bare minimum.  It's not going to change lives, but a solid animated feature nonetheless.  Even when Pixar is coasting they still deliver a very pretty looking film, albeit a little shallow.\r\n\r\nOne thing bugs me though, why in a world of anthropomorphic vehicles, with no signs of humans, do they have door handles...?"}], "recommandations_id": [49013, 920, 324852, 140300]}