{"tmdb_id": 260629, "title": "Aadhiyum Andhamum", "original_title": "Aadhiyum Andhamum", "slug_title": "aadhiyum-andhamum", "date": "2014-03-14", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Dr Karan, a psychiatrist, joins a medical college and research facility in Ooty the same day, a television journalist, Shalini, arrives there to do a reality show. Within hours of arriving at the centre, the doctor senses the presence of a spirit which he assumes is trying to communicate a message to him. He begins to believe that the centre holds dark secrets which the dean and his staff are seeking to preserve. He confides in the journalist about his findings and the two set out to find the truth. The journalist soon finds out that there is indeed a problem but that it is not at the facility but with the doctor...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUQvTEbbMzmVTEqmjpXWbxvWmsz.jpg", "actors": ["Ajay ()", "Mitali Agarwal ()", "Kavita Srinivasan ()", "Ramanathan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "One isn't sure what actor-turned-director Kaushik's motives are. If he has looked to make a film that seeks to raise awareness on the trauma of patients suffering from disassociative amnesia and those dear to them, then one cannot deny that he has succeeded to a fair extent. If, on the other hand, he has only looked to deliver an intense, emotional love story, then, one must concede that he hasn't made it past the post. And the reasons for that all lie primarily with the script.\r\n\r\nBy the end of the first half itself, one gets to know that this is no supernatural thriller. The second half has a flashback in which fresh characters are introduced in a hurry. Too many details are packed in this half - the doctor falling in love with his student, she being raped by two college mates, her trauma and as a result her injury, the doctor's dilemma and finally, his medical problem. Needless to say, all the sequences come hurtling at you one after the other, giving you very little time to come to terms with them. As a result, it has a telling effect on your conviction about the plot.\r\n\r\nThen, a little more attention to dialogues could have helped avoid contradictions. For instance, there is one scene in which Karan is shown working. He is seen teaching medical students and while doing so, punishes his girlfriend Priya by asking her to get out. He goes in search of her immediately after to convince her at which point she asks him about his day and he says that it is his day off.\r\n\r\nHaving said that, one must give credit to the cast for the effort that they have put in. Actors Ajaay, Mitali Agarwal and Kavita Srinivasan are convincing in their roles. But the film's biggest strength is its music, scored by L V Ganesan. Ganesan's background score is brilliant and that along with Vaasan's visuals and D Narayanan's sound effects, stands out. These three can certainly take a bow!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "ftFU_LaE5Bc"}