{"tmdb_id": 260888, "title": "The Warning", "original_title": "L'avvertimento", "slug_title": "the-warning", "date": "1980-08-15", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "It is a law police officials obey out of fear. A rule chilling in its simplicity. Accept corruption...or die! They have sealed an unholy alliance. The great banks of Europe. And the blackhearted underworld empire. Together, with their matchless wealth, there is no stopping their almighty, corrosive power. Even the police force's investigation into the diabolical link has been polluted by corruption and terror! When key police officials of the inquiry are viciously assassinated, only two honest men remain--a commissioner and police chief--to carry out the suicidal investigation. And they must fight a deepening mistrust of each other. For they too, know the only rule of the game. They too, have been warned!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3d6kLG8e3HhxMbfyLs3NmlVVtLs.jpg", "actors": ["Giuliano Gemma (Commissario Antonio Baresi)", "Martin Balsam (Questore Martorana)", "John Karlsen (Ferdinando Violante)", "Guido Leontini (Gianfranco Puma)", "Franco Odoardi (commissario capo Vincenzo Lagan\u00e0)", "Laura Trotter (Silvia Lagana)", "Giancarlo Zanetti (vice commissario Prizzi)", "Marcello Mand\u00f2 (vice commissario Pastore)", "Vincent Gentile (Ludovico Vella)", "Elio Marconato (Nicola Vella)", "Geoffrey Copleston (procuratore Vesce)", "Andrea Scazzola (Sandro La Grutta)", "Ennio Antonelli (palo di Le Maitre)", "Giordano Falzoni (avvocato Milanesi)", "Giulia Foss\u00e0 (ragazza al commissariato)", "Julian Jenkins (avvocato Lopez)", "Mike Morris (Giorgio Massimiliano)", "Giorgio Lucchese (Carlo Mannino)", "Richard McNamara (Castrovillari)", "Deddi Savagnone (Signora Vella)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}