{"tmdb_id": 260890, "title": "Kadhal Solla Aasai", "original_title": "Kadhal Solla Aasai", "slug_title": "kadhal-solla-aasai", "date": "2014-03-14", "genre": "", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p7NFhrbRZUnepvViYIG94TeC5jV.jpg", "actors": ["Ashok Kumar ()", "Wasna Ahmed ()", "Madhu Raghuram ()", "M. S. Bhaskar ()", "Rajendran ()", "Ravi Raghavendra ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Mahesh saves Ravikanth from the goons of Verumpuli (Naan Kadavul Rajendran), a local politician whose enemity the businessman has earned as a result of beating him to a deal. In return, Ravikanth offers Mahesh the job of protecting him from the politician. Mahesh accepts, in the hope that his job will help him get close to Suchi and eventually win her love.\r\n\r\nHowever, before he can do so, there is trouble on the family front. Coming to Mahesh's rescue is Gautam (Madhu Raghuram), the son of Ravikanth, who too falls for Suchi as she resembles his first love who is no more. Suchi slowly realizes that she is in love with Mahesh. But by the time she is ready to express her love for him, Mahesh begins to distance himself from her. What happens next forms the rest of the story...\r\n\r\nDirector K S Tamil Seenu has come up with a clean, decent entertainer. He needs to be commended for the way in which he has attempted to make small, pleasant improvisations to situations that we have otherwise often witnessed in Tamil cinema. The story might seem a little cliched but the manner in which the director has handled it makes it reasonably interesting.\r\n\r\nTake for instance, the sequence in which Mahesh saves Ravikanth from Verumpuli's goons. Under normal circumstances, one would have expected a fight to erupt between the hero and the baddies. But that is not what happens as Mahesh prefers to use his brains instead of his brawn to outwit the thugs. Violence is kept to a minimum throughout the film and that needs to be rewarded with a brownie point.\r\n\r\nThe casting seems perfect and the actors too deliver. Ashok, Madhu Raghuram and Washna Ahmed play their roles with conviction and have no problem turning into their characters. Ravi Raghavendra, M S Baskar and Naan Kadavul Rajendran only add strength to the film with their performances. The film's music by Lekha S is decent as is its cinematography by Jacob Rathinaraj.\r\n\r\nOn the flip side, the comedy sequences appear forced on several occasions. Such sequences also make the film boring in parts. Then, there are certain lapses when it comes to logic. But if one chooses to ignore these, then one has a reasonably enjoyable film on offer. This isn't a great film, but it isn't unbearably bad either."}], "recommandations_id": []}