{"tmdb_id": 260970, "title": "Dentist in the Chair", "original_title": "Dentist in the Chair", "slug_title": "dentist-in-the-chair", "date": "1960-08-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "The misfortunes that befall three dental students when they become unwitting accessories to a burglary.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ogHobbFNFHSTtrf4IwIaslegiVu.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Monkhouse (David Cookson)", "Peggy Cummins (Peggy Travers)", "Kenneth Connor (Sam Field)", "Eric Barker (The Dean)", "Ronnie Stevens (Brian Dexter)", "Vincent Ball (Michaels)", "Eleanor Summerfield (Ethel)", "Reginald Beckwith (Mr Watling)", "Stuart Saunders (Insp. Richardson)", "Ian Wallace (Dentist)", "Peggy Simpson (Miss Brent)", "Jean St. Clair (Lucy)", "Rosie Lee (Maggie)", "Sheree Winton (Jayne)", "Alfie Dean (Wrestler)", "Rowena Cooper (Maryson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A coagulation of the plasma!\r\n\r\nDentist in the Chair is directed by Don Chaffey and adapted to screenplay by Val Guest from Matthew Finch's book. It stars Bob Monkhouse, Kenneth Connor, Peggy Cummins, Eric Barker and Ronnie Stevens. Music is by Ken Jones and cinematography by Reginald Wyer.\r\n\r\nA pretty unfunny Brit comedy that has good intentions but even a talented cast and writer can't lift this above the maudlin. Plot revolves around dentistry students at The King Alfred Dental Hospital, who get involved in stolen instruments and affairs of the heart, the latter complicated since the focus of the boys' attention is The Dean's niece!\r\n\r\nIt's all very innocent of course, but as it lacks daring or any sort of worthy story based cohesion, it's a chore to get through. Not helped by a damp squib of a finale. Cast are fine enough but all involved in this venture have better legacies elsewhere. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [130836, 117609, 249327, 116529], "youtube_key": "notfound"}