{"tmdb_id": 261037, "title": "Miss Meadows", "original_title": "Miss Meadows", "slug_title": "miss-meadows", "date": "2014-09-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Enseignante en \u00e9cole \u00e9l\u00e9mentaire au comportement irr\u00e9prochable, portant des robes \u00e0 fleurs datant du si\u00e8cle dernier, Miss Meadows est une femme bien sous tout rapport. Mais bien entendu, l'habit ne fait pas le moine. Une fois la cloche sonn\u00e9e, les enfants remit \u00e0 leurs parents, le personnage incarn\u00e9 par Katie Holmes se mue en un gardien ne l\u00e9sinant pas sur la g\u00e2chette pour faire r\u00e9gner l'ordre dans sa ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lZxDV6wI4pXXzRG23bBFGnH6dGT.jpg", "actors": ["Katie Holmes (Miss Meadows)", "James Badge Dale (Sheriff)", "Callan Mulvey (Skylar)", "Mary Kay Place (Mrs. Davenport)", "Saidah Arrika Ekulona (Doctor)", "James Landry H\u00e9bert (Derek Weaver)", "Kate Linder (Trudy Navis)", "Stephen Bishop (Lt. Danny)", "Jean Smart (Mother Meadows)", "Harry Zinn (Minister)", "Joe Fishel (Church Member)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Never fear... Miss Meadows is here.**\r\n\r\nThis is not the film everybody was expecting. But not bad to try after coming to know it. It is a black comedy, about a young single woman, a substitute elementary school teacher who moved to a new neighbourhood. She has no limit for her imaginations. Her world was full of wondrous, but there's a little dark secret too. Later, when she comes to face a big hurdle, how she's going to handle her new boyfriend who is a cop and from there where it heads was revealed.\r\n\r\nIt was a Katie Holmes' show. It was a short film, but she was always there, the camera always with her. I'm seeing her film after a long time. She looks a bit old for this role, but worked well. The supporting cast was okay though. That little girl from 'Girl Meets World, Ava, was good. The film looks okay for all ages, but slightly violent with killing and other crime exposing scenes. Especially it is not for young kids, despite the film theme looks a bit magical. So it should be PG13.\r\n\r\nA decent writing and direction. The whole film was shot within two and half weeks. Because the story was simple, that takes place in the limited enclosures. So the experience of watching it was like a television film, but it is not. You might have seen some of the similar films, but still it is worth a watch. Not deliberately going for it, though when you ran out of the options.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [105531, 170349, 256467, 257353], "youtube_key": "O1Qb3_7mauw"}