{"tmdb_id": 261392, "title": "American Ultra", "original_title": "American Ultra", "slug_title": "american-ultra", "date": "2015-08-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Action"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Mike Howell m\u00e8ne une vie sans histoires dans une ville tranquille avec sa petite amie Phoebe. D\u00e9soeuvr\u00e9, rien ne le branche vraiment. Il n'a aucune autre ambition que celle de faire passer le temps en fumant des joints. Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 il se surprend \u00e0 envoyer au tapis deux voleurs de voitures avec une technique de combat digne des plus grands experts en arts martiaux. Il est en fait un agent secret dormant surentrain\u00e9 dont la m\u00e9moire a \u00e9t\u00e9 effac\u00e9e. Le voil\u00e0 maintenant dans la ligne de mire d'une op\u00e9ration gouvernementale, qui vise \u00e0 le faire dispara\u00eetre ainsi que sa petite amie qui lui servait de couverture. La CIA propage une fausse alerte d'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie de malaria et place leur ville en quarantaine, les coupant du monde ext\u00e9rieur et l\u00e2chant \u00e0 leur poursuite une arm\u00e9e d'h\u00e9licopt\u00e8res, de drones de combat et d'agents tueurs. Mais les super capacit\u00e9s de Mike se sont r\u00e9activ\u00e9es et il compte bien ne pas se laisser faire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/auQHgr1FO6upJpXx1eYEeyq2sMs.jpg", "actors": ["Jesse Eisenberg (Mike Howell)", "Kristen Stewart (Phoebe Larson)", "Topher Grace (Adrian Yates)", "Connie Britton (Victoria Lasseter)", "Walton Goggins (Laugher)", "John Leguizamo (Rose)", "Bill Pullman (Krueger)", "Tony Hale (Agent Peter Douglas)", "Stuart Greer (Sheriff Bernie Watts)", "Michael Papajohn (Otis)", "Monique Ganderton (Crane)", "Nash Edgerton (Beedle)", "Paul Andrew O'Connor (Diesel)", "Freddie Poole (Potter)", "Ilram Choi (Newton)", "James Bendishaw (Bourbon)", "Lavell Crawford (Big Harold)", "Sam Malone (Quinzin)", "Jim Klock (Deputy Labutte)", "Wayne P\u00e9re (Deputy Krantz)", "Gabe Begneaud (Deputy Jordan)", "Rachel Wulff (CNN Reporter)", "Lyle Brocato (CIA Analyst)", "Don Yesso (Air Force Commander)", "Jack Yang (Gangster)", "Vic Chao (Rowdy)", "Johnny McPhail (Gas Station Attendant)", "Nick Stanner (Asset #1)", "Eyad Elbitar (Asset #2)", "Trace Cheramie (Asset #3)", "Isaac Hughes (Asset #4)", "John Bernecker (Asset #5)", "Tim J. Smith (Asset #6)", "Matthew R. Staley (Asset #7)", "Alvin Chong (Asset #8)", "Michael Jamorski (Asset #9)", "Greg Rementer (Asset #10)", "Dino Dos Santos (Asset #11)", "Robert Bennett (Shopper)", "Teri Wyble (Tech #1)", "James Moses Black (Tech #2)", "Eric Stratemeier (Stunt Thug #1)", "Eric VanArsdale (Stunt Thug #2)", "Sope Aluko (Krueger's Wife)", "Macee Binns (Party Hipster)", "Nicolas Bosc (The Party Guy)", "Kyle Crosby (Soldier)", "Michelle DeVito (CIA Tech)", "Alexander Eldimiati (CIA Operative)", "Joseph Fischer (CIA Tech)", "Philip Fornah (Concierge)", "Tyler Forrest (Hooper)", "Geraldine Glenn (Airport Traveler)", "Mary Elizabeth Runyon (Gretchen)", "Douglas Wilcox II (CIA Agent)", "Billy Slaughter (Staff Sgt. Harris)", "John L. Armijo (CIA Agent)", "Tom Bui (Businessman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "teix", "content": "This movie was an extreme disappointment!\r\n\r\nThe story line is good, and it could have been a very cool movie. However, the directing goes wrong from the very beginning with the going back in time to show how we got here trick, and the voice over, narration. From there it just got worst. The acting/characters are bad, the story gets lost in it self, and the twists don't add anything to the movie.\r\n\r\nI can't see how this is good entertainment. They could have done to the spy genre what Shaun of the Dead did to the zombie genre."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A very familiar theme, as well as a small quantity entertainer.\r\n\r\nThe second movie for the director. His first, 'Project X' was an unexpected full treat. I simply loved that one, just for the entertainment's sake. I anticipated, 'Project XX' or 'Project Y', followed by 'XXX' or 'Z', but that never happened. I thought the director was setting up his own style of filmmaking, but this film did not clinch well. There's no story, just based on one evening event that stretches as far as another day by adding brief oral flashbacks to match with the rest of the storyline. But the fact is it was a comedy version of 'Hitman'.\r\n\r\nThe red band trailer I saw revealed many stuffs, but the movie still offered lots of variety from the different angles of the same stuffs. Jesse Eisenberg, I never expected him to play a character like this, he was good. But it was only a partial display, if there is a sequel, I expect that would be an uncompromised when it comes to the stunts and heroic adventure. Although I enjoyed the end credit animation.\r\n\r\nKristen Stewart was just hanging around, though her character had potential to be a game changer, so let's hope the sequel strengthens that part. Yeah, I'm kind of certain about the follow-up after seeing this film's ending, if they don't consider to make one, that would be theirs great loss. Anyway, the movie is a good entertainer, but not your unusual story as you expect it to be.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [273477, 249070, 62206, 16614], "youtube_key": "Mg2BM6qDJDI"}