{"tmdb_id": 261463, "title": "Im falschen Leben", "original_title": "Im falschen Leben", "slug_title": "im-falschen-leben", "date": "2011-11-16", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Marie thinks to return to her job one year after the birth of her daughter Nora. Her husband Holger is already looking forward to two-month parental leave in which he wants to be totally there for her daughter. Her daughter? They rush into an emotional hell without warning. The youth welfare office informs them that their child has been swapped in the clinic. Sandra, the other mother with the exchanged and actually biological child of theirs, is a single-parent student. While Sandra outwardly comparatively seems to handle it with ease, Marie is completely overwhelmed. Sandra's life situation leads to a dispute with Holger, because Marie can not accept that \"her\" daughter should grow up with a poor single parent. When the press also gets wind of the matter, there is no turning back: The children must be exchanged.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jB0QtM3VYa5uAqCNMdK8JBC2iN3.jpg", "actors": ["Sonsee Neu (Marie Siebrecht)", "Anna Maria M\u00fche (Sandra K\u00f6pke)", "Maxim Mehmet (Nils)", "Andreas Lust (Holger Siebrecht)", "Judith D\u00f6ker ()", "Margarita Broich (Frau Fuchs)", "Kathrin K\u00fchnel (Psychologin Annabelle B\u00f6hm)", "Solveig M\u00fcller (Maries Mutter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}