{"tmdb_id": 26156, "title": "Hiding Out", "original_title": "Hiding Out", "slug_title": "hiding-out", "date": "1987-11-06", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial / Thriller"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "A very successful stock broker is called to court to testify against a mob boss who was into some inside trading. Andrew Morenski must become Max Hauser and go back to high school for protection from the mob.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n1INpdK4goM1XFQKDv9bsA9Bmd6.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Cryer (Andrew Morenski / Max Hauser)", "Keith Coogan (Patrick Morenski)", "Annabeth Gish (Ryan Campbell)", "Tim Quill (Kevin O'Roarke)", "John Spencer (Bakey)", "Joy Behar (Gertrude)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The only thing more frightening than murder....High School!  \r\n\r\nAndrew Morenski is successful stock broker who is called to court to testify against a mob boss who was into some rather dubious dealings. When one of his co-workers, who is also due to give evidence, is murdered, Andrew is called to be guarded by the police. But all thoughts of safety are blown away when an attempt on Andrew's life quickly follows. On the run, Andrew finds a safety haven in the form of his cousin's High School. Posing as a student, Andrew finds that High School has a whole different type of peril waiting to engulf him....again.\r\n\r\nReleased just a year after Jon Cryer had become popular due to his turn as Duckie in John Hughes' Pretty In Pink-Hiding Out finds Cryer attempting to be leading man potential. That he isn't, is of no major harm to this charming and overlooked picture in the American teen comedy genre. When we first meet Cryer's Andrew Morenski, he's a successful business man with a beard you could lose a badger in. But we know it's a youthful Jon Cryer (he was 21 at the time of making the film but looking every inch like a teenager), so it's kind of a murky start from which to hopefully entice the viewer fully into the premise. Yet it all quickly turns around as Morenski hits High School. Hair dyed two colours and dressed like some rockabilly rebel, this is where Cryer steps into his element.\r\n\r\nFrom here on in, save for the inevitable gun buffoonery show down at the end, the film is a delightful comedy about the perils of school. Love, rivals, school politics and witch like teachers all come in for a shiny going over in Bob Giraldi's film. Some of it's twee, and some of it is even morally questionable, but it wears its comedy and romantic heart on its sleeves. Hell the film even has something to say about the truth and how it's taught in schools (look out for a great sequence as Andrew/Max calls into question the teachers teaching of President Nixon). So it's not all fluff for sure. But it's the fluff that drives the film to its conclusion, and if that fluff chiefly is decent enough to have met the viewers expectations?\r\n\r\nFor me it most certainly did, I only asked one thing from this film, and that was for it to give me some chuckles and to leave me smiling come the end. It did both, so maybe, just maybe, you missed this in the late 80s and are now stuck for some 80s veneer comedy with a zippy 80s soundtrack. If so? This might just be the ticket for you. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24081, 62327, 68430, 47070], "youtube_key": "notfound"}