{"tmdb_id": 26169, "title": "L'\u00e9trange Mariage", "original_title": "When Strangers Marry", "slug_title": "l-etrange-mariage", "date": "1944-08-21", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Une femme d\u00e9couvre que l'homme qu'elle vient d'\u00e9pouser est peut-\u00eatre un meurtrier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c2X80QdGRyqxwTTCQNXBNGwRZJC.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Jagger (Paul Baxter)", "Kim Hunter (Millie Baxter)", "Robert Mitchum (Fred Graham)", "Neil Hamilton (Det. Lt. Blake)", "Lou Lubin (Jacob Houser)", "Milton Kibbee (Charlie (as Milt Kibbee))", "Dewey Robinson (Newsstand Owner)", "Claire Whitney (Middle-Aged Woman)", "Edward Keane (Middle - aged Man)", "Virginia Sale (Chambermaid)", "Dick Elliott (Sam Prescott)", "Lee 'Lasses' White (Old Man (as Lee White))", "Marta Mitrovich (Baby's Mother)", "Billy Nelson (Louisville Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Your life may depend on it!\r\n\r\nWhen Strangers Marry (AKA: Betrayed) is directed by William Castle and written by Philip Yordan and Dennis J. Cooper. It stars Dean Jagger, Kim Hunter, Robert Mitchum and Neil Hamilton. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematograpy by Ira H. Morgan.\r\n\r\nA compact William Castle noir that finds Hunter marrying a man she barely knows (Jagger), only to find he may be a murderer. Robert Mitchum is on hand for help and advice\u2026\r\n\r\nWell put together by Castle who keeps things brisk and simple whilst keeping the mystery element high, that in turn does justice to the decent script. There\u2019s plenty of noir touches, from expressionistic photography and up-tilts, to cool montages and feverish scenes. Some odd characters add to the psychological discord, while Tiomkin blends jazzy dance strains with \u201che\u2019s behind you\u201d type rumbles.\r\n\r\nCast performances are more solid than anything spectacular, but Mitchum serves very early notice of what a presence and icon he was to become. Some sequences look cheap, which for a Monogram cheapie is to be expected, and this type of pic has been done far better by others, notably Hitchcock and Lewton, both of whom Castle doffs his cap towards. But this never outstays its welcome and there\u2019s plenty here for the noir lover to get hooked on. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86946, 81829, 44137, 29260], "youtube_key": "DOan15ZlNII"}