{"tmdb_id": 261757, "title": "Padikkadha Medhai", "original_title": "Padikkadha Medhai", "slug_title": "padikkadha-medhai", "date": "1960-06-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Chandrasekaran, an industrialist, is very successful in his business and has a loving family. His three sons and two daughters live happily as one family. He brings up an orphan, Rangan (Sivaji Ganesan), who is utterly devoted to the family. Calamity strikes the family in the form of loss in business. The last daughter's marriage gets cancelled. The brothers and their wives ill-treat their parents and Rangan and his wife. Seeing this Chandrasekaran has no choice to ask Rangan and his wife leave their house. Aftermath Chandrasekaran dies a broken-hearted man leaving his wife and youngest daughter to be in their children's merciless hospitality. Rangan, with his simplicity and pure-hardheartedness, takes it upon himself to look after the mother and sister. In the end, he proves that love and affection is the greatest wealth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ebxct4F0bNyxLQIzZjFkX68X73a.jpg", "actors": ["Sivaji Ganesan (Rangan)", "Sowcar Janaki (Rangan's Wife)", "S. V. Ranga Rao ()", "P. Kannamba ()", "T. S. Dorairaj ()", "T. R. Ramachandran ()", "E. V. Saroja ()", "Santhiya ()", "S. A. Asokan ()", "R. Muthuraman ()", "V. Gopalakrishnan ()", "T. P. Muthulakshmi ()", "M. S. Sundari Bai ()", "S. D. Subbu Lakshmi ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}