{"tmdb_id": 26180, "title": "Excess Baggage", "original_title": "Excess Baggage", "slug_title": "excess-baggage", "date": "1997-08-29", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Emily, adolescente mal dans sa peau, tente sans succ\u00e8s de retenir l'attention de son cher papa. Devant ses \u00e9checs r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9s, elle tente le tout pour le tout et organise son propre kidnapping. Son plan r\u00e9ussit. En d\u00e9guisant sa voix, elle pr\u00e9vient son p\u00e8re de l'endroit ou il peut la retrouver: dans le coffre de sa propre voiture. Mais Vincent Roche, voleur professionnel, vole le v\u00e9hicule.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dfKaCA32iSkEQiu37drvIAZWZFz.jpg", "actors": ["Alicia Silverstone (Emily)", "Benicio del Toro (Vincent)", "Christopher Walken (Ray)", "Jack Thompson (Alexander)", "Harry Connick Jr. (Greg)", "Stacy Grant (Car Showroom Receptionist)", "Nicholas Turturro (Stick)", "Michael Bowen (Gus)", "Robert Wisden (Detective Sims)", "Leland Orser (Detective Barnaby)", "Sally Kirkland (Louise)", "Hiro Kanagawa (Jon)", "Brendan Beiser (Man on Pay Phone)", "Demetri Goritsas (Surveillance Van Cop)", "Jorgito Vargas Jr. (Mini Mart Clerk)", "Danielle Saklofsky (Monique)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Motel Manager)", "Carrie Cain-Sparks (Waitress at Diner)", "Nicole Parker (Waitress at Knotty Pines)", "Bill Croft (Trucker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Poor little (crazy) rich girl with Benicio Del Toro and Christopher Walken \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1997 and directed by Marco Brambilla, \"Excess Baggage\" stars Alicia Silverstone as an eccentric 18 year-old in the Seattle area who fakes her own kidnapping to get her unloving father\u2019s attention. She develops a relationship with an odd car thief (Benicio Del Toro) while her father enlists the even stranger \u201cUncle Ray\u201d (Christopher Walken) to find her.\r\n\r\nAlicia was 19 during shooting and a rising young superstar after a string of popular roles: A pubescent tease in \u201cThe Crush\u201d (1993), a popular Beverly Hills adolescent in \u201cClueless\u201d (1995), a wannabe Nancy Drew in \u201cTrue Crime\u201d (1995) and a hot superheroine in \u201cBatman & Robin\u201d (1997). \u201cExcess Baggage\u201d was Silverstone\u2019s first movie after a pricey production deal with Columbia and it was strongly rumored that she clashed with director Brambilla. Originally slated for release in the Fall of 1996, it was pushed back to late the next Summer.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts confident & strong and could be likened to contemporaneous quirky flicks like \u201cBuffalo \u201866\u201d (1998). It regrettably fizzles out in the second half but, nevertheless, Alicia was in her physical prime with alluring curves. Unfortunately, she\u2019s stuck with one basic outfit the entire film (form-fitting black pants). Much more could\u2019ve and should\u2019ve been done with her. On the other side of the gender spectrum, Del Toro is notable as the mumbling eccentric while Walken is intriguing and entertaining as a former CIA assassin who basically raised Emily (Silverstone) and is concerned about his employer\u2019s aloofness.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 101 minutes and was shot in British Columbia (Vancouver, Victoria & Britannia Beach) and Waterton Lakes National Park, Alberta. WRITERS: Max D. Adams plus Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [12772, 37718, 20096, 19760]}