{"tmdb_id": 26196, "title": "Cleopatra Jones", "original_title": "Cleopatra Jones", "slug_title": "cleopatra-jones", "date": "1973-07-13", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Crime"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Cleopatra Jones is assigned to crack down on drug trafficking in the United States and abroad. After she burns a Turkish poppy field, the notorious drug lord Mommy is furious at the loss of her supply and vows to destroy her.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7eeQx8PJAp5GolJriwU5cZJxeDG.jpg", "actors": ["Tamara Dobson (Cleopatra Jones)", "Shelley Winters (Mommy)", "Bernie Casey (Reuben)", "Brenda Sykes (Tiffany)", "Antonio Fargas (Doodlebug)", "Dan Frazer (Crawford)", "Bill McKinney (Purdy)", "Stafford Morgan (Sgt. Kert)", "Michael Warren (Andy)", "Albert Popwell (Matthew)", "Caro Kenyatta (Melvin)", "Esther Rolle (Mrs. Johnson)", "Keith Hamilton (Maxwell Woodman)", "Jay Montgomery (Jimmy Beeker)", "Arnold Dover (Art)", "Angela Elayne Gibbs (Annie)", "John Alderman (Bruce)", "Eugene Jackson (Henry)", "Lee Weaver (Friend)", "George Reynolds (Fireplug)", "Kanes J. Crawford (Boy on Skates #1)", "Edward Crawford (Boy on Skates #2)", "Don Cornelius (Himself)", "Frankie Crocker (Himself)", "Paul Koslo (Gang Member)", "John Garwood (Lt. Tompkins)", "Hedley Mattingly (Mattingly)", "Teddy Wilson (Pickle)", "Christopher Joy (Snake)", "Jean Bell (Terry)", "Joe Tornatore (Zap)", "Stack Pierce (Minor Role (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Needless to say, my favourite Quentin Tarantino film is 'Jackie Brown'. I enjoyed the action, and Tamara Dobson was gorgeous (I can't believe she was 6'2\"! Wow!). I wish she had done more movies, and hadn't died so young (at age 59, of pneumonia and multiple sclerosis). Though director Starrett (who died even younger, of kidney failure) mainly did TV work, I loved his 'Race with the Devil', which was from around this time. He was very good at these kind of films, at both presenting action set-pieces and building suspense.\r\n\r\nI would like to see ALL of these 'urban action' films. Though from my movie-watching experience, I find that I tend to prefer films from before 1970, these films from the 70's are great too, and are a lot more enjoyable to me than most films I see today.\r\n\r\nI sincerely hope that, like in 'Cleopatra Jones', the filmmakers of today could concentrate on actors' presence and stunts, rather than simply go with CGI. I for one would be a lot happier as a cinephile."}], "recommandations_id": [42786, 29039, 186584, 21968], "youtube_key": "NYVX8JBjbMw"}