{"tmdb_id": 26205, "title": "Le Renard du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "The Desert Fox: The Story of Rommel", "slug_title": "le-renard-du-desert", "date": "1951-10-16", "genre": "Action / Drame / Histoire / Guerre", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "De la bataille d'El Alamein jusqu'\u00e0 sa mort en septembre 1944, d\u00e9cid\u00e9e par Hitler, le portrait du mar\u00e9chal Erwin Rommel, qui participa au complot contre le dictateur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ovDkUJpCCJBRTKIdywVMkucNtPz.jpg", "actors": ["James Mason (Field Marshal Erwin Rommel)", "Cedric Hardwicke (Dr. Karl Strolin)", "Jessica Tandy (Frau Lucie Marie Rommel)", "Luther Adler (Adolf Hitler)", "Everett Sloane (Gen. Wilhelm Burgdorf)", "Leo G. Carroll (Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt)", "George Macready (Gen. Fritz Bayerlein)", "Richard Boone (Capt. Hermann Aldinger)", "Eduard Franz (Col. Klaus von Stauffenberg)", "Desmond Young (Lt. Colonel Desmond Young)", "Paul Cavanagh (Lt. Col. Caesar von Hofaker)", "George Nader (Commando)", "Dan O'Herlihy (Commando Captain)", "Michael Rennie (Narrator (voice))", "Peter van Eyck (German Officer)", "John Hoyt (Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "In the past few years, I truly felt that I couldn't really consider myself a true-blooded cinephile after giving such short shrift to the cinema of the 1920s-60's, particularly in the genres of war films, westerns and musicals. In trying to right that, this was one of those films I stockpiled for a rainy day. It was greatly enjoyable, and one of my favourite actors from that era, James Mason, was so good at playing this kind of heinous yet brilliant villain. Heartily recommended."}], "recommandations_id": [36554, 44559, 55238, 15310]}