{"tmdb_id": 262119, "title": "Legend", "original_title": "Legend", "slug_title": "legend", "date": "2014-03-28", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Romance"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Legend\u2019s (Balakrishna) family Vs Jitender\u2019s (Jagapthi Babu) family. Jitender &amp; Co belongs to cruel and wicked political family who don\u2019t mind killing people. Jitender visits Vizag for wedding match. On his return trip, his car accidentally hits an old man which draws flak from locales. Village head Suman asks Jitender to tender an apology and compensation to victim\u2019s family. Taking it as a great disrespect, fuming Jitender vows to take revenge against Suman\u2019s family. Jitender kills Suman (Legend\u2019s father) and his wife Suhasini (Legend\u2019s mother). Krishna (Balakrishna) is an NRI, who does not tolerate injustice against anyone. He is in love with Sneha (Sonal Chauhan). The couple comes to India to seek his grandmother's blessings for their wedding. But Krishna lands in a problem with Jitendra whose son is killed by Krishna while saving a person, Jitendra wants to kill Krishna &amp; his family. The crux of the story is what happens next and how and who stops Jitendra.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mHD9vFWsPrCi6Luxsf6vOrElkVy.jpg", "actors": ["Nandamuri Balakrishna (Legend)", "Jagapati Babu (Jitendra)", "Sonal Chauhan (Sneha)", "Kaveri (Jitendra's Wife)", "Brahmanandam (Manikyam)", "Suman Talwar (Hero's Father)", "Suhasini Maniratnam (Hero's Mother)", "Jayaprakash Reddy (M.P.)", "Brahmaji ()", "Radhika Apte (Radhika)", "Chalapathi Rao ()", "Ajay ()", "L. B. Sriram ()", "Hamsa Nandini (Item Song Special Appearance)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}