{"tmdb_id": 262215, "title": "Kerala Nattilam Pengaludane", "original_title": "Kerala Nattilam Pengaludane", "slug_title": "kerala-nattilam-pengaludane", "date": "2014-03-21", "genre": "", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5NgKHymeFiP4jY98mtzqWjsIYzf.jpg", "actors": ["Abi Saravanan ()", "Gayathri ()", "Abirami ()", "Dikshitha ()", "G. Gnanasambandam ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Director SS Kumaran, known more for his music than for his directorial skills, seems to have one and only one purpose on his mind - entertain the audience with his film Kerala Naatilam Pengaludane. To his credit, he manages to do just that.\r\n\r\nAlthough the film has just a wafer-thin plot and logic takes a severe beating at quite a few places, Kumaran's victory lies in the fact that the film doesn't leave you bored, annoyed or frustrated at any given point. The director has three people to primarily thank for that.\r\n\r\nThe first of the lot is Prof Gnanasambandam, who scores big with his performance as the dad of the hero in the film. The manner in which he portrays a man desperately wanting to be recognized as a Malayali, despite having not been able to wed a Keralite, is delightful. His sequences, including the one in which he religiously subscribes to Malayalam newspapers every month despite being unable to read a single word, contribute handsomely to the film's overall comedy content.\r\n\r\nThe next is Kaali, who, as the hero's friend, is often found goofing up. What's more, Kaali willingly accepts punishments for his goof-ups.The third is Renuka, who as the hero's mother, comes up with yet another stellar performance. On the flip side, several developments go unexplained. For instance, the reason why Kaali is bashed up by a person at several points in the film is not explained at all.\r\n\r\nThe climax too is abrupt and gives one the impression that the director is in a hurry to finish his story. As a viewer, you are left unconvinced about the way the climax progresses and ends. Technically, Kumaran is backed by some stunning visuals from Yuva. His music too is impressive and adds strength to the film."}], "recommandations_id": []}