{"tmdb_id": 262297, "title": "Matharkula Manikkam", "original_title": "Matharkula Manikkam", "slug_title": "matharkula-manikkam", "date": "1956-12-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The film is based on two couples \u2013 where the first couple Dr. Chandra Shekar (Gemini Ganesan) & Parvathi (Anjali Devi) and the second couple is Ravi (A. Nageswara Rao) & Lakshmi (Savitri). Ravi & Lakshmi are happy lovers. Ravi is summoned and asked to marry another girl forcibly. Since his father's life & honor are at stake, Ravi agrees to the marriage. Simultaneously another marriage takes place in the same village Dr. Chandra Shekar visits his best friend's sister marriage but the marriage cancels in the last moment due to dowry problems to keep up his friend's prestige Shekar marriage's his sister called Parvathi. Due to sudden marriage, the couple doesn't see each other. Thereby because marriage is happening without his wish Ravi also not seen the bride's face. Both the bridal parties traveling on the same train which run into a disastrous accident. In the accident Ravi's parents and wife are dead.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iqeUOoNHNvDMInyQgHngCexF6Ga.jpg", "actors": ["Gemini Ganesan (Dr. Chandra Shekar)", "Nageshwara Rao Akkineni (Ravi)", "Anjali Devi (Parvathi)", "Savitri (Lakshmi)", "S. V. Ranga Rao ()", "K. A. Thangavelu ()", "M. N. Rajam ()", "D. Balasubramaniam ()", "K. Sarangapani ()", "Kaaka Radhakrishnan ()", "P. Kannamba ()", "S. D. Subbulakshmi ()", "K. R. Chellam ()", "Kumari Kamala (Dance)", "Friend Ramasamy ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}