{"tmdb_id": 262338, "title": "Dangerous People", "original_title": "Good People", "slug_title": "dangerous-people", "date": "2014-09-26", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Action"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Tom et Anna, un jeune couple d'Am\u00e9ricains vivant \u00e0 Londres se retrouve cribl\u00e9 de dettes sans rien avoir fait de mal. Une nuit, ils d\u00e9couvrent chez eux un cadavre. A c\u00f4t\u00e9 du corps, 200 000 livres sterling en liquide. Tout ce qu'ils ont \u00e0 faire, c'est ramasser cet argent, et la totalit\u00e9 de leurs probl\u00e8mes seront r\u00e9gl\u00e9s. Du moins c'est ce qu'ils croient. D\u00e8s qu'ils mettent la main sur l'argent, ce sont les vrais ennuis qui commencent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5dpxUZluqkIVSxCb5h0xRvcpkFE.jpg", "actors": ["James Franco (Tom Reed)", "Kate Hudson (Anna Reed)", "Anna Friel (Sarah)", "Omar Sy (Khan)", "Tom Wilkinson (DI John Halden)", "Sam Spruell (Jack Witkowski)", "Michael Jibson (Mike Calloway)", "Diana Hardcastle (Marie Halden)", "Diarmaid Murtagh (Marshall)", "Oliver Dimsdale (Superintendent Ray Martin)", "Lasco Atkins (Clubber)", "Nigel Genis (American Tourist)", "Maarten Dannenberg (Andre)", "Anick Wiget (Rehabilitation patient)", "Michael Fox (Bobby Witkowski)", "Waj Ali (Bailiff)", "Nick Turner (Clubber)", "Amanda Edwards (Policewoman)", "George Kirby (Malek)", "Francis Magee (Ben Tuttrie)", "Thomas Arnold (Duncan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The combination of good people and bad money!**\r\n\r\nMuch better film than I expected. Looks kind of a French thriller, but based on the novel of the same name. It revolves around a young American couple who moved to London, where they're on the verge to lose the inherited house after the severe debt. Luckily they find bundles of money from their dead renter. Since it was a bad money they wait for the right time to spend it, but what follows is their nightmare who ends up running away from the most dangerous men.\r\n\r\nThis is really a good story and a well made film, but I don't understand how it was so underrated. Obviously the critics did their job like usual, but the film fanatics turning it down as well which is a very sad. I know it feels so familiar, but very entertaining with lots of edgy moments. Especially the final battle between all the group at one place was very good, yet they kept it so simple. Both the lead actors were fantastic, including a small contribution by Tom Wilkinson.\r\n\r\nIt is a small story, that mostly takes place in a week. But the pace was excellent and it comes to the point without making any delay in the form of development. Yet there remains some mystery like how the guy died in the couple's rented apartment. Excluding those which only brings clich\u00e9 if it goes deeper, the film definitely worth watching and I feel happy for watching a good thriller after a long time. So I recommended it.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [209189, 243935, 281418, 227300], "youtube_key": "3uxbQQnKYgY"}