{"tmdb_id": 2623, "title": "Officier et gentleman", "original_title": "An Officer and a Gentleman", "slug_title": "officier-et-gentleman", "date": "1982-07-28", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Pour fuir une vie ingrate, Zack s'engage dans la marine pour y devenir officier pilote. L'entra\u00eenement y est dur, tout comme le sergent Foley. Toutes les filles de la ville r\u00eavent d'\u00e9pouser un officier, et Zack rencontre Paula. \u00c0 la diff\u00e9rence de ses camarades qui l\u00e2chent les filles \u00e0 la fin des classes, lui saura se comporter en gentleman.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1fveHeEaOpGW91ZM4ViT0Jviuak.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Gere (Zack Mayo)", "Debra Winger (Paula Pokrifki)", "Louis Gossett Jr. (Sergeant Emil Foley)", "David Keith (Sid Worley)", "Robert Loggia (Byron Mayo)", "Lisa Blount (Lynette Pomeroy)", "Lisa Eilbacher (Casey Seeger)", "Harold Sylvester (Perryman)", "David Caruso (Topper Daniels)", "Grace Zabriskie (Esther Pokrifiki)", "Tony Plana (Emiliano Della Serra)", "Victor French (Joe Pokrifki)", "Tommy Petersen (Young Zack)", "Mara Scott-Wood (Bunny)", "David Greenfield (Schneider)", "Dennis Rucker (Donny)", "Jane Wilbur (Nellie Rufferwell)", "Buck Welcher (Thraxton)", "Vern Taylor (Tom Worley)", "Elizabeth Rogers (Betty Worley)", "David R. Marshall (Drill Instructor #1)", "Gary C. Stillwell (Drill Instructor #2)", "John Laughlin (Troy)", "Tee Dennard (Dilbert Dunker Instructor)", "Norbert M. Murray (Altitude Chamber Instructor)", "Daniel Tyler (New Recruit)", "William S. Graves (Captain Graves)", "Pia Boyer (Paula's Sister)", "Danna Kiesel (Paula's Sister)", "Meleesa Wyatt (Prostitute #1)", "Jo Anna Keane (Prostitute #2)", "Bernard Madrid (Platoon Member (uncredited))", "Randy Tat (New Recruit (uncredited))", "Ed Begley Jr. (Altitude Chamber Instructor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Don't believe the naysayers, this is a true uplifter. \r\n\r\nZack Mayo, after years of being shunted around with his woman chasing, alcoholic naval father, decides to up sticks and join the navy himself. He plans to fly jets and enrols at a tough Naval Aviation Officer Candidate School. Very much a loner and used to doing things his own way, Zack must tow the line if he is to succeed. Forming friendships and taking on a romance with a local girl, he may just make the grade. But he has to convince not only his tough no nonsense drill instructor, but also himself.\r\n\r\nAn Officer And A Gentleman has been bogged down over the years by being labelled as a chick flick, a film they say, that is for the soggy handkerchief brigade. Not so say I. Yes love is a critical strand here, not only finding it after years of being closed off from it, but also to keep it after seizing the day. But it's as much a film about determination as it is about conquering love, in finding strengths from within to achieve ones goals against seemingly badly stacked odds. It really is a film that essays that triumph of the will spirit so lacking in many similar pictures that followed this 1982 piece. There are some incredibly great sequences here, chiefly during the training programme, from Mayo's continuing conflict with Sgt Foley, to a devastating turn of events with a friendship. This film royally packs an emotional punch.\r\n\r\nThe cast are uniformly excellent, Richard Gere as Mayo is pitch perfect and it pays to notice that he was a 32 year old man playing an early 20s rookie, it's a testament to his undervalued ability that nobody noticed. Debra Winger was nominated for a Best Actress Award for her portrayal as Mayo's love interest, Paula Pokrifki. It's believed that Gere and herself didn't get on off screen, it isn't noticeable, though, because the chemistry sizzles and the resulting end product is one of a joyous returns. Honours have to go to Louis Gossett Jr., though, rightly winning the Best Supporting Actor Award, his performance as instructor Sgt Foley is towering and one of the best of the 1980s. David Keith and Lisa Eilbacher also turn in strong performances, and Taylor Hackford's direction is smooth and without intrusion. The involving screenplay and tidy editing are also noteworthy, and the theme song \"Up where We Belong\" took home the gong for Best Original Song.\r\n\r\nSome critics have called the film sexist, oh come off it people! It may come as a shock to them but a lot of women do actually want to be carried off by some dashing hunk, similarly, a lot of us men are more than willing to be the ones carrying the maiden! And lest we forget that the characterisations here carry much depth. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2768, 3525, 11060, 10998], "youtube_key": "l1Ehz_cAMGc"}