{"tmdb_id": 26243, "title": "Crime passionnel", "original_title": "Fallen Angel", "slug_title": "crime-passionnel", "date": "1945-11-07", "genre": "Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Romance", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Lorsqu'il arrive dans la petite ville de Walton, Eric Stanton est sans le sou. Il rencontre Stella, une serveuse de caf\u00e9 \u00e0 la beaut\u00e9 obs\u00e9dante. Tout en s'\u00e9prenant de celle-ci, Eric s\u00e9duit June Ellis que tout oppose \u00e0 la premi\u00e8re. Un mariage arrang\u00e9 pourrait le sortir d'affaire mais Stella est retrouv\u00e9e morte...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eGtRuKRXfhf6dX1VWhI6e1I0uQU.jpg", "actors": ["Alice Faye (June Mills)", "Dana Andrews (Eric Stanton)", "Linda Darnell (Stella)", "Charles Bickford (Mark Judd)", "Anne Revere (Clara Mills)", "Bruce Cabot (Dave Atkins)", "John Carradine (Professor Madley)", "Percy Kilbride (Pop)", "Dorothy Adams (Stella's downstairs neighbor (uncredited))", "Matthew 'Stymie' Beard (Shoeshine Boy (uncredited))", "Jimmy Conlin (Walton Hotel Clerk (uncredited))", "Olin Howland (Joe Ellis (uncredited))", "Franklyn Farnum (Man Leaving Drugstore (uncredited))", "William Haade (1st Bus Driver (uncredited))", "Dick Haymes (Himself - JukeBox Vocalist (voice) (uncredited))", "Adele Jergens (Woman at Madley's Show (uncredited))", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Bank Guard (uncredited))", "William H. O'Brien (Bus Passenger (uncredited))", "Frank O'Connor (Man at Madley's Show (uncredited))", "Brick Sullivan (Honky Tonk Dance Customer (uncredited))", "Hal Taliaferro (Officer Gus Johnson (uncredited))", "Max Wagner (Bartender (uncredited))", "Martha Wentworth (Hotel Maid (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steve", "content": "The Film Noir of the Week is Fallen Angel -- the 1945 film directed by Otto Preminger. The cast includes Dana Andrews (Boomerang! (1947) and Laura (1944), Charles Bickford Brute Force (1947), Linda Darnell Hangover Square (1945), Anne Revere Secret Beyond the Door... (1948) and John Carradine Female Jungle (1954), Bluebeard (1944)\r\n\r\nThe film begins with a car speeding down the road with the credits zipping by as super-imposed street signs. The camera pulls back and it\u2019s revealed that it\u2019s a bus. Dana Andrews gets pulled off the bus because he doesn\u2019t have enough cash to get to San Francisco. (he\u2019s about 150 miles short). He walks over to Pop\u2019s Eats (now a noir icon with those great \u201cBEER\u201d signs out front) and he runs into a group of men looking for the waitress Stella. Apparently every man in town has a crush on her. So begins a twisted tale of Eric Stanton \u2013 a former New York press agent down on his luck so much that now he's a drifter (and he'll soon be a con man). After Stella returns (the sexy Linda Darnell) to the diner (to the relief of Pops and others) Stanton cons his way into an empty hotel room to sleep. Its professor Madley (the great John Carradine) and his assistant\u2019s room and Stanton talks his way into helping them get their show publicized. Madley is a traveling soothsayer grifter. When Stanton hooks up with Madley and his spook act he meets Clara and June Mills (Anne Revere and Alice Faye) two suckers Madley wants to take.\r\n\r\nMadley puts on a very entertaining s\u00e9ance by bringing up the finances of the late Abraham Mills \u2013 the father of Clara and June. The two leave the s\u00e9ance upset.\r\n\r\nMeanwhile, Stanton falls in love with Stella. She\u2019s as bad as Stanton. She likes to take money from Pop\u2019s cash register. After a quick romance Stanton decides he wants her. She refuses to marry him because of his poor financial condition. Desperate for money, Eric marries the wealthy local spinster June Mills, whom he plans to quickly divorce. Clara sees through the scam but is unable to stop the romance. Stanton can\u2019t stay away from Stella even on his wedding night. Instead of sleeping with his wife, he visits Stella.\r\n\r\nJust as he's about to dump his new wife, Stella turns up dead.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nMark Judd (Charles Bickford), a hard-bitten ex-cop turned detective, investigates the murder that first leads to one of Stella\u2019s ex-boyfriends and after a police-style beating of the suspect finally leads to Stanton.\r\n\r\nStanton flees to a seedy hotel room in San Francisco, with June at his side. He quickly abandons her after taking her money, but he returns when word reaches him that June has been charged with Stella's murder.\r\n\r\nI won\u2019t give away the ending but its fun.\r\n\r\nI think Preminger didn\u2019t have chops of other, more talented, noir directors (as far as visual style goes), but this film - with all the fluid camera movements - looks great. Joseph LaShelle (The cinematographer for Laura) does his usual excellent work. The film\u2019s shadowy world is just right. As with all Preminger films, the women look fantastic. Notice Stella\u2019s long legs when she first comes back to Pop\u2019s. From what I\u2019ve read online, most don\u2019t buy the prim and proper Alice Faye or the crazy twists at the end of the film. I, however, enjoy it greatly maybe because of the constant broken desperation Stanton is in. I also enjoy the contrast between the night-time Stella and the sunny day June; and the seedy side of town compared with June\u2019s suburban neighborhood.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nWritten by Steve-O"}], "recommandations_id": [29106, 35849, 20298, 21564]}