{"tmdb_id": 262705, "title": "Marumunai", "original_title": "Marumunai", "slug_title": "marumunai", "date": "2014-03-28", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Kathir (Maruthi), a medical college student from a poor family, falls in love with Charumathi (Mrudhula Bhaskar), a rich girl. As expected, their parents oppose their love and as a result, the young couple decide to die together if they can't live together. They elope with the intention of committing suicide. But when the time comes, only Charu takes the extreme step. Kathir refrains for a reason...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4axpWajRmhxC8IytBf5SaQY1G0f.jpg", "actors": ["Maruthi (Kathir)", "Mrudhula Basker (Charumathi)", "M. S. Bhaskar ()", "Manobala ()", "Rajendran ()", "Dr. Sharmila ()", "Raja Simman ()", "Anjali Devi ()", "Bonda Mani ()", "C. Ranganathan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Director Mariesh Kumar's film begins with Kathir watching Charumathi plunge to her death. At that instance, the director has you guessing about the plot of the film. You are made to wonder if Kathir is a villain who has tricked his girl into committing suicide or if whether he is a hero, who is extracting revenge for valid reasons. Whatever it is, Mariesh Kumar succeeds in getting your attention. His problem is he has trouble retaining it for the entire film. And that is primarily because of a winding plot narrated by way of unconvincing sequences that is full of drama.\r\n\r\nAlso, except for the start, most other parts of the film are on expected lines. For instance, the hero and the heroine have an\r\naccident and promptly fall in love after their mobiles get exchanged by mistake. Then, the dad of the girl, on getting to know about his daughter's love, threatens the boy's dad with serious repercussions and he, in turn, threatens his son with suicide if his son doesn't pay heed to his advice. That having been said, both the film's background score by Taj Noor and songs by Sathya Dev are decent. Punnagai Venkatesh does a neat job with the camera, and occasionally, excels.\r\n\r\nOverall, it is evident that director Mariesh has looked to cash in on the anger of the public against rapists, post the Nirbhaya incident. However, his justification of castration as a punishment for rapists might not go down well with some segments of the audience."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Pay7s7P-7TU"}