{"tmdb_id": 26286, "title": "Le ch\u00e2teau du dragon", "original_title": "Dragonwyck", "slug_title": "le-chateau-du-dragon", "date": "1946-04-10", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Romance / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "1844. Miranda se rend au ch\u00e2teau de Dragonwyck pour s'occuper de la petite fille de Nicholas Van Ryn, dont l'\u00e9pouse est sur le point de mourir. Van Ryn s'\u00e9prend de Miranda et lorsque sa femme meurt, il demande \u00e0 la jeune fille de l'\u00e9pouser. Mais les rapports entre les deux jeunes \u00e9poux changent lorsque Miranda accouche d'un enfant mort-n\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/won4zaevrPOCHuaTAvNGQnxM0KH.jpg", "actors": ["Gene Tierney (Miranda Wells)", "Walter Huston (Ephraim Wells)", "Vincent Price (Nicholas Van Ryn)", "Glenn Langan (Dr. Jeff Turner)", "Anne Revere (Abigail Wells)", "Spring Byington (Magda)", "Connie Marshall (Katrine Van Ryn)", "Harry Morgan (Klaus Bleecker (as Henry Morgan))", "Vivienne Osborne (Johanna Van Ryn)", "Jessica Tandy (Peggy O'Malley)", "Trudy Marshall (Elizabeth Van Borden)", "Gertrude Astor (Nurse (uncredited))", "Robert Baldwin (Farmer (uncredited))", "Charles Waldron (Farmer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I believe in myself, and I am answerable to myself! I will not live according to printed mottoes like the directions on a medicine bottle!  \r\n\r\nDragonwyck is directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz who also adapts the screenplay from the Anya Seton novel of the same name. It stars Vincent Price, Gene Tierney, Walter Huston, Glenn Langan, Anne Revere, Jessica Tandy and Spring Byington. Music is by Alfred Newman and cinematography by Arthur C. Miller. \r\n\r\nConnecticut farm girl Miranda Wells (Tierney) is recruited by her aristocratic patroon cousin Nicholas Van Ryan (Price) to be governess to his young daughter at his Hudson Valley mansion. Originally thinking it to be a new step up in life, Miranda finds that Nicholas and the Dragonwyck mansion have dark secrets to tell. \r\n\r\nBluebeard and Rebecca come swirling together in this neatly constructed Gothic thriller. It has the requisite eeriness about it, the period atmosphere is strong and Price turns in a wonderfully sinister performance as the tormented Van Ryan. Narratively there's other interests besides the core story of \"mad love and dark secrets\", such as observations on faith and class structure issues, while the patroon land owner system forms a most historically interesting backdrop. PCA presence means that the spicy aspects of the story (drug use and poisoning) are sketched in grey, but we know what's going on and film doesn't suffer for it. \r\n\r\nIt takes a while to really get going, for the drama to take a hold, and the light dustings of the supernatural hint at what a better film it could have been. Yet this is comfortably recommended to Gothic thriller fans and fans of Price and Tierney especially. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [21564, 42066, 51467, 36786]}