{"tmdb_id": 262957, "title": "Amara", "original_title": "\u0b85\u0bae\u0bb0\u0bbe", "slug_title": "amara", "date": "2014-02-28", "genre": [""], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Amara, a jobless youngster who comes to Madurai to help his aunt, a vegetable vendor, with her business ends up incurring the wrath of an Assistant Commissioner of Police. He is forced to flee for his life. While on the run, he ends up meeting a politician's daughter, Thenmozhi, who, after losing her first love to her dad's wrath, eventually falls for him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hv88vNcvAfm2UEdIOS9SpRCZHSO.jpg", "actors": ["A. Amaran ()", "Sonu Gowda ()", "Ashish Vidhyarthi ()", "Kanja Karuppu ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Director Jeevan has tried hard to come up with a story that hasn't been told on screen before. To do that, he has looked to introduce twists to a regular commercial plot, in the hope that it will make his film appear unique. Unfortunately for him, his twists aren't backed enough by logical sequences, thereby making the film and its story totally unconvincing.\r\n\r\nTake for instance the sequence in the train when Amara meets Thenmozhi for the first time. The two just exchange glances and yet, when Amara chooses to get off the train to buy a ticket (we still don't know how one can forget to buy a ticket before boarding a train) at a station, the heroine follows him. And this happens at a time when she is already in love with her college mate, Santhosh, who we are later told is killed by her dad Sethupathi (played by Aashish Vidyarthi).\r\n\r\nEven if one buys the theory that Thenmozhi chose to get off with Amara as a result of not being in her senses, thanks to the drugs administered to her by her dad's thugs, the scenes following this sequence are again devoid of logic.\r\n\r\nIn the next scene, both Amara and Thenmozhi are shown waking up on the banks of a river and Thenmozhi is shown going berserk at finding herself with someone about whom she knows nothing. She realizes that Amara is not a thief and then, at that precise moment, the bad guys turn up and both flee the scene. Immediately after that, the two are again shown waking up from deep sleep, this time, on a cliff, making one wonder, how a girl, who is in distress over finding herself with an unknown guy and being chased by thugs, can even go to sleep again.\r\n\r\nThat having been said, Imman's music and Jeevan's cinematography are big assets to the film. The film also has several character artistes like Aashish Vidyarthi, Kanja Karuppu, and Sampath, all of whom contribute handsomely. But despite all their contributions, Amara still comes across as a tiresome affair."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "GDIBclXY01A"}