{"tmdb_id": 262982, "title": "Desert Gun", "original_title": "The Hollow Point", "slug_title": "desert-gun", "date": "2016-12-16", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un sh\u00e9rif et son pr\u00e9d\u00e9cesseur tentent de mettre fin aux agissements d'un trafiquant de drogue mexicain...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6neGGPCy42iWn7av22IXYVvGOWe.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Wilson (Wallace)", "Ian McShane (Leland)", "John Leguizamo (Atticus)", "Lynn Collins (Marla)", "James Belushi (Shepard)", "Karli Hall (Lilly)", "David H. Stevens (Ken)", "Derek Boone (Samuel)", "Yolanda Wood (Lydia)", "Michael Flynn (Jerry)", "Craig Clyde (Harry)", "Carl Hadra (Clay)", "Heather Beers (Ellie)", "Annette Wright (Ramona)", "Nathan Stevens (Clive)", "David Fernandez Jr. (Eugenio)", "Marlon V. Gaines (Tow Truck Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About two cops who caught in a messed up illegal arms deal.**\r\n\r\nIt is a cop film that's set in in a small US town along the Mexican Border. Focused on the illegal arms supply, the two cops, one is an honest and the other one a controversial get into a deep trouble after something went wrong among the smugglers while dealing it. So one of their men was sent to eliminate those involved in it and that's where these two cops are caught in a crossfire. They have left no choice but to fight for the peace in the town.\r\n\r\nThe Idea for the film was inspired from real, but I kind of felt it was unrealistic. Mainly because I'm not from that part of the world, so it was more an entertaining film than learning anything about all the illegal activities or the heroism from the cops. The actors were decent, including Patrick Wilson, but Ian McShane looked much better than anybody in the film for his daring role.\r\n\r\nIt was a simple story that takes place like within 2-3 days. Some parts of the film were unexpected, but those scenes did not save the film. Because it was entirely 'a series of event' based film than properly developed storyline. Overall the setting was good and once watchable with a low anticipation. So for those who are choosy, can be skipped it, because not worthy, other than that it's not that bad film in my opinion.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [370835, 343010, 291356, 37850], "youtube_key": "RQ895747WYA"}