{"tmdb_id": 263109, "title": "Shaun le Mouton, le film", "original_title": "Shaun the Sheep Movie", "slug_title": "shaun-le-mouton-le-film", "date": "2015-02-05", "genre": "Familial / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Aventure", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Shaun est un petit mouton fut\u00e9 qui travaille, avec son troupeau, pour un fermier myope \u00e0 la ferme Mossy Bottom, sous l\u2019autorit\u00e9 de Bitzer, chien de berger dirigiste mais bienveillant et inefficace. La vie est belle, globalement, mais un matin, en se r\u00e9veillant, Shaun se dit que sa vie n\u2019est que contraintes. Il d\u00e9cide de prendre un jour de cong\u00e9, avec pour cela un plan qui consiste \u00e0 endormir le fermier. Mais son plan fonctionne un peu trop bien et il perd rapidement le contr\u00f4le de la situation. Une chose en entra\u00eenant une autre, tout le troupeau se retrouve pour la premi\u00e8re fois bien loin de la ferme et plus pr\u00e9cis\u00e9ment : dans la grande ville. Mais comment un mouton peut-il survivre en ville ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yLxP9yT682llLdh7ohM1pWqHqne.jpg", "actors": ["Justin Fletcher (Shaun / Timmy (voice))", "Omid Djalili (Trumper (voice))", "Richard Webber (Shirley (voice))", "Kate Harbour (Timmy's Mum / Meryl (voice))", "Tim Hands (Slip (voice))", "Simon Greenall (Twins (voice))", "Andy Nyman (Nuts (voice))", "Emma Tate (Hazel (voice))", "Jack Paulson (Celebrity with Hair Trouble (voice))", "Sean Connolly (Maitre D / Golfer / Stylists / Angry Panto Horse / Hospital Characters (voice))", "Henry Burton (Junior Doctor / Animal Containment Visitor (voice))", "Dhimant Vyas (Hospital Consultant (voice))", "Sophie Laughton (Animal Containment Visitor (voice))", "Nia Medi James (Operatic Sheep (voice))", "Stanley Unwin (Bus Station Announcer / Hospital Announcer (voice) (archive footage))", "Nick Park (Himself (voice) (uncredited))", "John Sparkes (Bitzer / Farmer (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Losing that you love makes you realise its value.\r\n\r\nThe only reason to I go to Nick is to watch 'Shaun the Sheep'. This show was watched by many adults as well, a popular one among all the ages. As the fan of this series, we have been waiting very long to get a movie version. I was excited to see it and of course enjoyed it completely. Its impossible one to get disappointed with the movie/show when the narration is led by one of the awesome characters, Shaun. The promotional posters were also created some extra curiosity that imitated the famous Hollywood films like 'Boyhood', 'Wild', 'Birdman' and many others.\r\n\r\nStop-motion is a very-very hard and outdated concept of the animation format, but still loved by many. Every year only one or two get released, sometimes none. The technical sides were upgraded, including bluescreens for backgrounds and other special effects. Still the hard work remains, but qualities are improved. It made significant contributions to the live-shot movies in the old days when there was no CGI. So when we see a movie like this, the product reveals in each and every frames the real vision from the artist and writer's perspective. Every detail, every corner of the screen tells the story.\r\n\r\nIt was so good as a television show, because of short and sweetness. The filmmaker intended to create the same magic, except the credits its just a below 80 minute movie. Had a good storyline and a couple of new characters were introduced. Because the new adventure extended its area volume and so the antagonist was needed. Shaun and his buddies set foot outside their barn to find their lost farmer. The journey begins towards the big city and the movie discloses their risky and dangerous undertaking. They go pass lots of stages to accomplish their quest and only the last quarter reveals result with a thrilling chase scene.\r\n\r\nUnlike the series, it was not completely a fun movie. There are some emotions involved, and I was amazed by those exhibitions. Because of some kind of childhood connection between Shaun and Co and their owner. That was unexpected, but was really very nice to see the other side of them. We know Shaun is a curious character, he always wants to learn and try new things. So when he has to make an unexpected decision, it does not go as planned and the fun begins with their mischievous adventure in an unfamiliar territory.\r\n\r\nAs usual without the dialogues, that can be understandable by everyone without a language barrier. A true family movie, from grandparents to grandchildren together watchable flick. Almost a masterpiece, offers a lot of great moments to give ourselves to it. And for the fans its a celebration time for sure. Definitely this movie would get into the final shortlist for the upcoming (2016) Oscars, if not, that would be a shame for the entire ceremony. But for winning, we have to wait till how good 'The Good Dinosaur' going to be. In the meantime, don't miss this little cute flick.\r\n\r\n8\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "minusha97", "content": "I was never really into Shaun the Sheep when I was kid and I also didn't enjoy this movie as much as I would if I was. I probably had the same problem with this film as I had with Minions. It isn't bad idea but it's too much minutes for too little words.\r\n\r\nShaun the Sheep is great idea but much more enjoyable when it's in seven minutes instead of 85. I think that story had too slow tempo for how long it was and I also felt like I already saw it because the story wasn't really original when it comes to it and also gags in this movie weren't really that funny. I think that even 5-years-old are already full of this same kind of jokes.\r\nI personally enjoyed \"emotional part\" of this movie more, than I enjoyed the \"funny part\".\r\n\r\nOn the other hand I really loved animation and soundtrack of this film which was truly briliant and one of the factors why I had energy to finish this movie because without it I wouldn't do that and for me, the last 15 minutes of this movie was the best part. \r\nThe idea was great but they should have worked on it more."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'Shaun the Sheep Movie' is the spin-off feature film of a spin-off television series of 'Wallace and Gromit: The Wrong Trousers'. Boasting the same crew that brought us 'Chicken Run' and 'Wallace and Gromit', it promised a lot.\r\n\r\nThe film is made by the Aardman production company and so boasts a pleasant stop-start animation style. This \"old-school\" way of creating a cartoon is refreshing in the modern world of overused computer imagery and 3D effects.\r\n\r\nThere is no dialogue whatsoever in this film and so it feels like watching an old cartoon such as 'Tom and Jerry'. There are subtle nods to other television shows and films such as 'Breaking Bad', 'Hannibal' and 'Taxi Driver' so the parents are kept amused at times.\r\n\r\nThe story is very easy to follow due to the characters very expressive faces and directions which, being a children's film, make it a lot more simple and universal.\r\n\r\nOverall, 'Shaun the Sheep Movie' is a good film for children. It has very cute characters and the animation is very fun. However, it doesn't have much for any other demographic unlike the company's previous work. But, saying that, it is an inoffensive and enjoyable film.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [227973, 170687, 72197, 533]}