{"tmdb_id": 26316, "title": "Op\u00e9ration V2", "original_title": "Mosquito Squadron", "slug_title": "operation-v2", "date": "1969-01-18", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Les Forces alli\u00e9es luttent contre l'Arm\u00e9e allemande, mais une menace plus importante encore appara\u00eet sous la forme d'une fus\u00e9e V2 qui vient d'\u00eatre mis au point dans un centre de test ultra secret. L'escadron Mosquito de la RAF est charg\u00e9 de d\u00e9truire le site.....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yQVWfMHbOxiMtpqrYRa7ozFvV5x.jpg", "actors": ["David McCallum (Squadron Leader Quint Monroe)", "Suzanne Neve (Beth Scott)", "Charles Gray (Air Commodore Hufford)", "David Buck (Squadron Leader David Scott)", "David Dundas (Flight Lieutenant Douglas Shelton)", "Dinsdale Landen (Wing Commander Penrose)", "Nicky Henson (Flt. Sgt. Wiley Bunce)", "Bryan Marshall (Squadron Leader Neale)", "Michael Anthony (Father Bellaguere)", "Peggy Thorpe-Bates (Mrs Scott)", "Peter Copley (Mr Scott)", "Vladek Sheybal (Lieutenant Schack)", "Michael McGovern (Flight Lieutenant Bannister)", "Robert Urquhart (Major Kemble (uncredited))", "Susan Brodrick (Susan (uncredited))", "Michael Latimer (Clark (uncredited))", "Michael McStay (Flt Lt Mason (uncredited))", "Patrick Tull (Flt Lt Templeton (uncredited))", "Jim McManus (Flying Officer (uncredited))", "Brian Grellis (Pilot Officer (uncredited))", "Christopher Toyne (Pilot Officer (uncredited))", "Gordon Stone (Resistance Leader (uncredited))", "Roy Beck (Resistance Fighter (uncredited))", "George Layton (Pilot Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dam and Bust those Germans!\r\n\r\nSquadron Leader Quint Munroe is struggling to come to terms with the probable death of his friend and comrade, Sq. Leader David Scott. After choosing to leave the squadron, Quint is approached to take part in a crucial mission to bomb a ch\u00e2teau in occupied France that houses a deadly German flying bomb factory. The top secret mission will involve using a new land bouncing bomb that needs to be delivered with the ultimate precision, which is why they want the respected Quint to lead the assault. To further complicate matters, Quint starts to fall in love with David's widow, Beth. Will Quint take up the task? can he succeed? and just why have the Germans dropped a parcel on the base containing a roll of film?\r\n\r\nIt's not very good, that's really all there is to it, Mosquito Squadron is a collage of far better films put together to make one complete whole. David McCallum, bless him, 6 years after he was integral to The Great Escape's success, he is found sadly lacking as a lead actor asked to carry a film. Charles Gray proves that Blofeld really was a career high and the rest of the cast cover themselves in mud. Director Boris Sagal shows that he should have stayed doing TV work, whilst the writers I hope were embarrassed to have been paid for their work on this one.\r\n\r\nSo why after all my moaning do i give it a generous 3/10? Well the model work is half decent and Frank Cordell's score is deserving of a far better film, whilst editor John S. Smith should be applauded for his cheek. But really this is one to avoid, the sort of film that was shown prior to the main event in a double feature. Rent The Dam Busters and 633 Squadron instead to see just why this film falls some way short of being entertaining. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [44198, 116212, 32581, 44890], "youtube_key": "16UpDYqUzoA"}