{"tmdb_id": 263290, "title": "Idhuthanda Sattam", "original_title": "Idhuthanda Sattam", "slug_title": "idhuthanda-sattam", "date": "1992-05-29", "genre": [""], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Selvaraj (R. Sarathkumar), an upright police officer, takes charge as a SP in a new area and he settles down there with his daughter Meena. A woman inspector Amudha (Meenakshi) helps him. Selvaraj challenges a notorious man Gurusami (Mylai R.V. Gurupadam) and his henchmen Kaali (Mansoor Ali Khan), Dharma (K. Natraj) and Soori (Justin) to punish them. Amudha is intrigued by Selvaraj and he tells her his tragic past.  In the past, Selvaraj lived hapilly with his wife Lakshmi (Rekha), newborn baby and his father-in-law, the judge Venugopal (V. S. Raghavan). During the deepavali festival, they all witnessed a murder committed by the rowdy Gurusami. Gurusami sent his henchmen to kill Selvaraj's family. During the confrontation, Lakshmi and Venugopal were murdered, while Selvaraj was seriously injured and his baby spared. Gurusami was later sentenced to the death penalty but he managed to be released thanks to his henchmen.  Selvaraj is now determined to punish them.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["R. Sarathkumar (Selvaraj)", "Rekha (Lakshmi)", "Aamani (Amudha)", "Goundamani (Karuppan)", "Senthil ()", "Mylai R. V. Gurupadam (Gurusami)", "Mansoor Ali Khan (Kaali)", "K. Natraj (Dharma)", "Justin (Soori)", "Senthilnathan Jambulingam (Ponnusamy)", "Typist Gopu ()", "V. S. Raghavan (Venugopal)", "V. Gopalakrishnan (Commissioner)", "Idichapuli Selvaraj (Amudha's father)", "Suryakanth ()", "Sharmily ()", "Kamala Kamesh ()", "Dharani ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}