{"tmdb_id": 26329, "title": "Carry On Girls", "original_title": "Carry On Girls", "slug_title": "carry-on-girls", "date": "1973-11-09", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d0adQy59kzEZLouKMWtfVzhxQ3n.jpg", "actors": ["Sid James (Sidney Fiddler)", "Barbara Windsor (Hope Springs)", "Joan Sims (Connie Philpotts)", "Kenneth Connor (Mayor Frederick Bumble)", "Bernard Bresslaw (Peter Potter)", "June Whitfield (Augusta Prodworthy)", "Peter Butterworth (Admiral)", "Jack Douglas (William)", "Patsy Rowlands (Mildred Bumble)", "Joan Hickson (Mrs. Dukes)", "David Lodge (Police Inspector)", "Valerie Leon (Paula Perkins)", "Margaret Nolan (Dawn Brakes)", "Sally Geeson (Debra)", "Angela Grant (Miss Bangor)", "Wendy Richard (Ida Downs)", "Arnold Ridley (Alderman Pratt)", "Marianne Stone (Miss Drew)", "Ron Tarr (Bearded Audience Member (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The team have feminists in their sights.\r\n\r\nThe seaside resort of Fircombe is struggling to attract the tourists, so Sid Fiddler (Sid James) proposes a beauty contest to draw some much needed punters into the town. Getting the inept Mayor (Kenneth Connor) to agree was easy enough, but opposition comes in the form of Augusta Prodworthy (June Whitfield) and her league of feminists.\r\n\r\nLurid, smutty and just about average in the pantheon of the Carry On series. No Kenneth Williams for this one, but a point of interest is that Robin Askwith appears for the only time. Askwith ironically would become the star of the \"Confessions\" series of film's which would take the sex comedy to a whole new plateau from 1974 onwards. Carry On Girls has its moments, Bernie Bresslaw in drag brings quite a few gags, while Peter Butterworth as a lecherous old man steals the film.\r\n\r\nAlso pleasing for the franchise faithful is that the Sid James and Barbara Windsor (Hope Springs) pairing gets a nice arc befitting the relationship the pair built up during the series. Beauty contests and feminist whiles are given the treatment in Talbot Rothwell's screenplay, and the dying seaside town in need of a boost has a certain warmth to it (filmed on location in Brighton on England's South Coast). But really it's mild Carry On fare outside of the flesh and double entendres that are laced in humorous stereotypical cheapness. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24568, 21240, 5061, 24569]}