{"tmdb_id": 26337, "title": "Lune rouge", "original_title": "China Moon", "slug_title": "lune-rouge", "date": "1994-03-04", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "L'inspecteur Kyle Bodine est consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme le meilleur flic de toute la ville. Mais lorsqu'il devient l'amant de la s\u00e9duisante Rachel Munro, il ne se doute pas qu'il vient de mettre les pieds dans une incroyable machination qui pourrait lui faire perdre bien plus que son insigne de flic.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKSfzbUQAhHLHVXAHjr5Yzi67V.jpg", "actors": ["Ed Harris (Kyle Bodine)", "Madeleine Stowe (Rachel Munro)", "Charles Dance (Rupert Munro)", "Patricia Healy (Adele)", "Benicio del Toro (Lamar Dickey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The porcelain prince and princess.\r\n\r\nChina Moon is directed by John Bailey and written by Roy Carlson. It stars Ed Harris, Madeleine Stowe, Benicio del Toro, Charles Dance and Patricia Healy. Music is by George Fenton and cinematography by Willy Kurant.\r\n\r\nTo be kind since China Moon is a very good film in its own right, that is for lovers of film noir and its off shoot neo-noir, it's a film where its only crime is not being as great as previous instalments of noirs classic era and neo. Story treads deliciously familiar ground, where Harris' intrepid cop falls deep for Stowe's sultry babe and before he can say \" I would do anything for you\", he's in it up to his neck.\r\n\r\nIn true noir fashion there's a twisty road to be navigated, nothing is as it at first seems, with hidden agendas, shifty shenanigans and emotional turmoil all playing a hand. The police procedural aspect intrigues greatly, with the devilish kicker of Harris investigating himself, while the intricacies of crime investigation - such as bullet science - is not given short shrift.\r\n\r\nAs a mood piece it scores high, the sweaty Florida settings ripe for Bailey (a cinematographer by trade) to mix a bit of poetic ambiance with misty shimmers, rainy bleakness and colour coded criminality that's not detrimental to true noir essence. Perfs are from the higher end of the scale, and the makers add enough original touches of their own so as to not let this become a pointless retread. \r\n\r\nClosing superbly with a double whammy finale, China Moon is one that film noir lovers should sample. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [60505, 19380, 113211, 66044]}