{"tmdb_id": 26333, "title": "C\u0153ur sauvage", "original_title": "Untamed Heart", "slug_title": "coeur-sauvage", "date": "1993-02-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Serveuse dans un bar de Minneapolis, Caroline cache sous son apparence enjou\u00e9e et son dynamisme, une personnalit\u00e9 fragile et ind\u00e9cise. Aux cuisines du restaurant travaille le taciturne Adam, qui lui voue une passion secr\u00e8te...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rWhrlNKRrysexyITiKatXvhsEct.jpg", "actors": ["Christian Slater (Adam)", "Marisa Tomei (Caroline)", "Rosie Perez (Cindy)", "Kyle Secor (Howard)", "Willie Garson (Patsy)", "Joe Minjares (Jim)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Moving portrait of an outcast, plus cutie Marisa Tomei***  \r\n\r\nReleased in 1993, \"Untamed Heart\" tells the story of Caroline (Marisa Tomei) who works the night shift at a Minneapolis diner. She's a cute and likable young woman but, for some reason, is unable to maintain the romantic interest of the guys she dates. The answer to her love problems turns out to be right under her nose in the form of the diner's quiet dishwasher/janitor, Adam (Christian Slater).\r\n\r\n\"Untamed Heart\" is a must for fans of Marisa Tomei and the romance between Caroline and Adam works, although their sexual union is premature IMHO, but real-time has to be condensed into a 102-minute film so I guess it can be overlooked.\r\n\r\nWhat struck me most about this film, aside from Marisa, was the character of Adam. He's an outcast; he doesn't fit with the crowd; he's quiet and mysterious in a misfit type of way; he's an easy target for people to mock; he's content to adore Caroline from a distance; his love for her doesn't change as she keeps making mistakes trying to find someone to love; he secretly acts as her guardian angel and doesn't care about getting credit.\r\n\r\nWhy is Caroline attracted to such a person? Because \"opposites attract.\" We're naturally attracted to people that have what we lack and vice versa. Caroline is open, talkative and comfortable with practically any social setting; Adam isn't. Adam is aloof, meditative and unconcerned about fitting in \u2014  qualities Caroline lacks.\r\n\r\nYou'll see people like Adam in real life if you open your eyes. At a local restaurant I sometimes catch a glimpse of one of the kitchen workers, whether taking a smoke break outside or whatever. He's in his mid-30s, maybe older, obviously intelligent with a striking appearance, but he's quiet and aloof from the people around him, with an air of mystery. This is a person, like Adam in the film, who doesn't fit into society's mold. College doesn't work for him despite his intelligence, nor does a conventional job; he just does what he has to in order to live.\r\n\r\nThe film is very successful at bringing to life this type of outcast in Adam. I found it quite moving because I understand and can relate.\r\n\r\nNot everything in the story works, however, which is why I knock off a star in my rating. For instance, it isn't even remotely believable that Adam would be able to secretly break into someone\u2019s house and do what he does while the people are sleeping. Dumb. What were the writers thinking? \r\n\r\nThe film was shot on location in NE Minneapolis.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [47045, 17207, 12772, 19760], "youtube_key": "OrHKg87fUCc"}