{"tmdb_id": 263476, "title": "Saivam", "original_title": "\u0b9a\u0bc8\u0bb5\u0bae\u0bcd", "slug_title": "saivam", "date": "2014-06-27", "genre": "Drame / Familial", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qdgrGpDsrBUjm4uHnfQKTumSw4P.jpg", "actors": ["Nassar (Kathiresan)", "Sara Arjun (Thamizhselvi)", "Luthfudeen Baashaa (Senthil)", "Suresh (Maiyappan)", "Vidhya Pradeep (Thenmozhi)", "Shanmugarajan (AL. K. S. Swamigal)", "George Mariyan (Raja)", "Twaraa Desai (Abhirami)", "Master Ray Paul (Saravanan)", "Vittal (Ramanathan)", "Lakshmanan Ganesh (Ganeshan)", "Saivam Ravi (Balamurugan)", "Shakti (Kumaran)", "Master Rahil Singhi (Karthik)", "Suchitra (Usha)", "Kala (Kala)", "Savithri (Kamatchi)", "Kalyani Natarajan (Meenakshi)", "Rajyalakshmi (Dhanalakshmi)", "Kausalya (Visalakshi)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Like Karu Pazhaniappan's Pirivom Santhippom, Saivam is a celebration of the Chettinadu lifestyle. Nirav Shah's camera feasts on the magnificent architecture of the place while Vijay spins a simplistic tale in this backdrop that is both engaging and amusing. The family of Kathiresan (Nasser), a respected man in his village, has come from various parts of the globe for the local festival. Tamizhselvi ( Sara), Kathiresan's granddaughter, is an endearing presence in the family, and she is fond of her pet rooster, Paapa. After a minor accident, the family is told that they might have displeased their god and they believe that all their ill-luck (everyone comes with their own problem that needs to be solved) is because they failed to offer the rooster to the god as a sacrifice. Even as they decide to fulfill their vow, Paapa goes missing leaving the family in a tizzy.\r\n\r\nUsing a one-line that is perfect short film material, Vijay has created a two-hour-long feel-good film, which is part humourous and part sentimental but never delves into melodrama. The actors are the film's asset and they do a fine job; considering that most of them are new faces, they lend freshness to the film. Even though his character is underwritten and passive (he hardly does anything substantial except look worried until the final scene), Nasser makes us empathize with Kathiresan and also lends the gravitas that is needed for the role of a respected head of the family. Then there is the uptight Saravanan, who is essentially the film's punch bag, but Ray Paul doesn't over-do the spoilt brat aspect of the character. Malathi, as the family's maid, is terrific and the manner in which she breaks down with pride and affection after hearing her husband Raja's (a well-cast George) moving speech is exceptional.\r\n\r\nIn all of his films so far, Vijay has struggled with the pacing but here, he is bang on and the slightly laid-back pace of the film fits its setting beautifully. It is no surprise that Saivam is his best \u2014 not to mention, his most original \u2014 film yet. There is a pre-interval segment where editor Antony niftily cross-cuts between three fights that erupt over the rooster and it is one of the brilliant stretches in the film. The segment where the family members, who individually come to know about Paapa's presence, and try to keep it a secret for Tamizh's sake, is equally good. But the romantic track between the cousins Senthil and Abirami feels tacked on (though the two youngsters, Basha and Twaara are good finds) and also results in an unnecessarily extended climax."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "I have not seen a single Kollywood flick, in fact, any Indian movies from since 2 years. But recently saw a couple of Tamil films and this was one of them. Very much satisfied and I'm glad I went for it. Like I always say, the songs are what turns me off in Indian cinema, that is the reason stayed away. This movie had those, but I was not frustrated because they are blended very well to the narration. There is no sudden jump into the dance floor with colourful costumes, but most of the tracks are background song. I liked that classical soundtrack with the veenai, really catchy and the meaningful lyrics. That song called 'Azhagu' won two Indian Academy Awards for best playback singer and best lyrics.\r\n\r\nAn inspiring movie, a message teller, something we could learn or adopt from it. The adults are always, well, most of them obey the law without asking any questions that came from the previous generation to them and teach it to their kin as well. That's how the traditions passed to and survived till date. That is good, but in the modern India there are no actions taken to abolish the some of the brutal believes which are more than two millenniums old. The changes come from the children, who asks so many questions. This is such a movie takes place on that kind of theme, which is inspired by a true childhood event of the director's mother.\r\n\r\n> Then, do the god is like us?\r\n> Expects something in return to do us a favour?\r\n\r\nIt's a second movie of Sara Arjun's I'm seeing and she was so good. She was not the lead, but only the part of the movie. There is no particular lead character. The story simply based and follows after the incident that shocks a whole family when they unite for the native festival in their village. When theirs concern grows bigger over the issue and the tale reaches more tighter plot and faster in portrayal. And then bang, the end comes like suddenly everything goes silent for a moment.\r\n\r\nThe movie is not hard to predict, especially the end was as expected. It's simply a family entertainment, give comfort feeling and leaves no reason to complain about. Every role had a wonderful display, great performances by all the cast. The sub-plots like teen romance and kids fight, are all fine additions for the extra fun. This is actually a short movie even though it ran 2 hours because usually Indian movies reach the 3 hour mark and that's a plus point. As I consider my judgement on this product, I would say it's a must see movie. But that does not mean It's a genuine, the only reason I liked it for is this film wanted to say something good to the society. This kind of movies definitely good to build a better tomorrow around us.\r\n\r\n8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}