{"tmdb_id": 263472, "title": "Knock Knock", "original_title": "Knock Knock", "slug_title": "knock-knock", "date": "2015-06-26", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes femmes d\u00e9barquent dans la maison d'un homme mari\u00e9 et commencent \u00e0 d\u00e9truire m\u00e9thodiquement sa vie idyllique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wEWe4fqbzG5CEGMnmMsqaILvnN2.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (Evan Webber)", "Lorenza Izzo (Genesis)", "Ana de Armas (Bell)", "Aaron Burns (Louis)", "Colleen Camp (Vivian)", "Ignacia Allamand (Karen Alvarado)", "Antonio Quercia (Uber Driver)", "Dan Baily (Jake)", "Megan Baily (Lisa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Be cautious of the two slices of the free pizza delivered to your doorstep.\r\n\r\nAnother flick that sets in an isolated place with the limited cast. A low budget film, which was a remake of the 'Death Game'. After playing a strong character in his previous film, Keanu Reeves is back exactly opposite to that one. Yep, remember what happened to the two men who break-in into his house in 'John Wick', but here it is like what if he's not able to handle them or to do anything about it kind of Circumstance.\r\n\r\nHe played a normal family guy, a father of two children with a beautiful wife and a big house. The trailer itself revealed half of what the movie's. But the rest of the film is not bad at all, and that does not count as I'm praising it. The movie was average because of the writing was too loose. Not only predictable, but aimlessly moved and the motives were never explained. So the mystery remains mystery.\r\n\r\nIt was one of those films that leaves behind us to suspect the possibilities. A broad open for a sequel, but likely there's very less chance for another film. The girls were so good looking and performed well. The theme aimed for erotic-crime-thriller, but did it achieved? I don't know, the original was released in the 70s, which might have been too sexy for that time, but in the present world, it is not that special or effective, just like 'I Spit on Your Grave'. You could watch it to enjoy your moment, but it would be a cinematically impressive with the great writings, actings, with twists and turns and all.\r\n\r\n5/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Just say no!\r\n\r\nEli Roth directs and co-writes the screenplay with Nicol\u00e1s L\u00f3pez and Guillermo Amoedo. It stars Keanu Reeves, Lorenza Izzo and Ana de Armas. Music is by Manuel Riveiro and cinematography by Antonio Quercia. \r\n\r\nReeves plays Evan, a devoted husband and father of two, who while he is left home alone, is visited by two young women soaked and apparently lost. Letting them in to his home as an act of kindness, things quickly spiral out of control.\r\n\r\nYou do wonder if Eli Roth sits at home looking at the reaction to his movie and giggles like a schoolboy. It's invariably a distinctly average film, but it does get a reaction from the audience, something which Roth is gleefully aware of. Pic is actually a remake of Peter S. Traynor's 1977 movie, Death Game, which starred Sondra Locke and Colleeen Camp, both of whom lend their names to production for this release.\r\n\r\nAt times it feels like we are part of one of Roth's wet dreams, or conversely one of his sick jokes. Yet as the cast struggle to instill acting gravitas (the girls actually become more annoying than frightening), and Roth chooses psychological themes over blood and guts, there's a deft whiff of a moral fable hanging in the air. While also of note is the nods to film noir, both in story and visuals. It isn't enough to save the piece, but it's interesting enough as an aside to the chaos inside the house. 5/10 "}], "recommandations_id": [171424, 328425, 298312, 287424]}