{"tmdb_id": 2640, "title": "Fatal Games", "original_title": "Heathers", "slug_title": "fatal-games", "date": "1989-03-31", "genre": "Thriller / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Trois filles de riches chacune pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9e Heather sont les reines du lyc\u00e9e de Westerburg. Elles acceptent n\u00e9anmoins dans leur clan Veronica, dont elles exploitent la candeur et la na\u00efvet\u00e9. Celle-ci, sous l'influence de J.D., un autre jeune marginalis\u00e9, organise une petite vengeance qui va mal tourner...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rtzcrwgsuESV2adSDhIuLyQoZmp.jpg", "actors": ["Winona Ryder (Veronica Sawyer)", "Christian Slater (Jason \"J.D.\" Dean)", "Shannen Doherty (Heather Duke)", "Lisanne Falk (Heather McNamara)", "Kim Walker (Heather Chandler)", "Penelope Milford (Pauline Fleming)", "Glenn Shadix (Vater Ripper)", "Lance Fenton (Kurt Kelly)", "Jennifer Rhodes (Veronica's Mom)", "Jeremy Applegate (Peter Dawson)", "Patrick Labyorteaux (Ram Sweeney)", "Jon Matthews (Rodney)", "Carrie Lynn (Martha Dunnstock)", "Phill Lewis (Dennis)", "Ren\u00e9e Estevez (Betty Finn)", "John Zarchen (Country Club Keith)", "William Cort (Veronica's Dad)", "John Ingle (Principal Gowan)", "Stuart Mabray (Counselor Paul Hyde)", "Sherrie Wills (Country Club Courtney)", "Larry Cox (David)", "Kent Stoddard (Brad)", "Mark Carlton (Kurt's Dad)", "Curtiss Marlowe (Geek)", "Andrew Benne (Fat Cynic)", "Kevin Hardesty (1st Heavy Metaller in Pkg. Lot)", "Josh Richman (2nd Heavy Metaller in Pkg. Lot)", "Bess Meyer (Female Stoner)", "Betty Ramey (Teacher in Conference Room)", "Aaron Mendelsohn (Nerd in Pauline's Class)", "Kirk Scott (Big Bud Dean)", "Mark Bringelson (Officer McCord)", "Chuck Lafont (Officer Milner)", "Christie Mellor (Squealing Girl in Parking Lot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1989 and directed by Michael Lehmann, \u201cHeathers\u201d stars Winona Ryder as Veronica, a high school student in Ohio who has sold herself out to join the popular clique of three girls, all coincidently named Heather (Kim Walker, Lisanne Falk & Shannen Doherty). The more she spends time with them, however, the more she discovers she can\u2019t stand them. Enter mysterious new kid, JD (Christian Slater), who has a macabre solution to Veronica\u2019s conundrum.   \r\n\r\nThis is an oddball teen movie that tries to be edgy and amusing with its black humor and overt cussing. Future movies were influenced by it, like \u201cJawbreaker\u201d (1999) and maybe even \u201cMean Girls\u201d (2004). The commentary on peer pressure, teen suicide and the maiming destructiveness of cliques is potent. Teens can be misled by the \u201cpopular\u201d students, yes, but they can also be misled by the outcasts.   \r\n\r\nSlater stands out as a sorta dark Fonz of the late 80s, easily one of his best roles ever. Ryder is surprisingly good as the protagonist. I say \u201csurprisingly\u201d because I was never big on her (although I didn\u2019t dislike her either). The first act is quite good, but the story gets humdrum in the middle; thankfully, the last 20 minutes perk up. The late 80\u2019s ambiance is to die for.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m not going to give it away, but the original ending was way more morbid. They had an alternative ending that they didn\u2019t go with either. Apparently the studio pressured the writer/director to go with the theatrical ending, which I approve. It\u2019s a story of redemption. Being misled by corrupt people for a season doesn\u2019t define a person forever.                       \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hours & 43 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles (the high school) and surrounding area (Santa Monica, Tujunga and Pasadena). WRITER: Daniel Waters.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [11522, 13342, 9451, 1548]}