{"tmdb_id": 264484, "title": "Circa: It's Time", "original_title": "Circa - It's Time", "slug_title": "circa-it-s-time", "date": "2006-06-05", "genre": ["Action / Documentaire"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "C1RCA Footwear presents it's full length video with team members Adrian Lopez,  Jon Allie, Colt Cannon, Peter Ramondetta, and others.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c7J6q2ba3Clux9F7ckiimoVM8r2.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Allie (Himself)", "Colt Cannon (Himself)", "Adrian Lopez (Himself)", "Peter Ramondetta (Himself)", "Sierra Fellers (Himself)", "Windsor James (Himself)", "Tony Tave (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "iichithekiller", "content": "Talk of the first Circa video started way back when the team included heavy hitters like Chad Muska, Jaime Thomas and Mark Appleyard.\r\n\r\nThe chance of a DVD with footage from those three was a sure shot success with the kids, but something went horribly wrong\u2026 First Chad went Miami MIA, then Jaime said goodbye and started up his own operation, then Mark travelled the world and thought his feet could be cushioned elsewhere.\r\n\r\nWith their top players disbanded, Circa looked like it was about to throw in the towel. Somehow the shoe company stayed afloat and gradually built back a team that as a result is a real cross section of skate genres with something for everyone (except ramp riders\u2026).\r\n\r\nThe prolonged announcement of videos soon to be released doesn\u2019t settle well within the industry because team changes can make or break a project, as Circa knows all too well, so with their new flock of representatives Circa seized the opportunity \u2013 It\u2019s Time.\r\n\r\nI seriously doubted Circa before they dropped this DVD, and the first echos from the fore front were anything short of lukewarm\u2026 Not a good sign when you are releasing your first ever video. Well, It\u2019s Time dropped onto my doormat and I gave it a first viewing; To be honest, I could see where the uninspired reactions were coming from. You see, Circa runs the following team \u2013 Jon Allie, Dennis Durrant, Tony Tave, Windsor James, Sierra Fellers, Pete Ramondetta, Colt Cannon and Adrian Lopez. Each one of those skaters can hold it down alone, but a couple of them are better known for hammering out their sections, rather than splashing out on a little variety.\r\n\r\nWhen Jon Allie bursts onto the screen with picture perfect frontside flip tailslides and kickflip backside lipslides, a few tweaked leaps of faith and big rotations over bigger gaps, you have a strange feeling you\u2019ve seen it all before. I take my hat off to the lad, but would it really hurt to push a little, or skate some transition..? So, like I said, the first comments about the Circa DVD viewing like a hammerfest of yesteryear weren\u2019t really off the mark.\r\n\r\nJon\u2019s section ends with a total banger and Sierra Fellers picks up the gauntlet. Sierra has been running ripples through the industry for the last couple of years as one of these Uber-ams that push the envelope of gnarliness with text book technique. It\u2019s trua that Sierra is a beast, but not only normal but switch too! Big switch flips and big switch ollies pepper this part and have you slightly shocked at the abilities of this virtually unknown kid. With this part Sierra steps it up to the big-time.\r\n\r\nJust before we catch a glimpse of Windsor James eating proverbial \u2018shit\u2019 for the cameraman, OG Circa member Adrian Lopez has a roll about on screen. I\u2019ve never met Adrian but I gather he\u2019s a shy guy. You wouldn\u2019t think so when you see the stuff he skates or the look in his eyes when he prepares himself for the crunch. However, Adrian\u2019s part slides in synch with Jon\u2019s opener in that this part could easily have appeared three years ago and no-one would have noticed. I heard Adrian has a lot of MySpace friends, maybe they can rate this part better than me, a guy who gets out there and skates..?\r\n\r\nEnough bitterness and back to the show! Windsor James escapes death on a big rail and proceeds to use his cat-like skills to tame and maim a few gaps and rails. Windsor is a very smooth skater, but I don\u2019t think this part does him justice even if the soul track has you tapping your feet to the beat. In the image-based guidelines of the skate industry, a XXL wearing dude dropping hammers is definitely worth watching.\r\n\r\nAnd so is badman Dennis Durrant. You might recognize Dennis from his premier 360 flip noseblunt slide Popwar ad on the flip side of Chris Cole\u2019s attempt. Dennis is from Australia and has a pair of skippy feet that pop and flick his board very nicely. Dennis shines out like a pearl in this wish wash waters of amateur skateboarding. Place a star next to his name next time you see it.\r\n\r\nSomeone else who is a star is Mr.Colt Cannon. Colt doesn\u2019t get too complicated with his skate trick selection, but whatever he does execute, he executes to the T. here are three reasons you need to watch Colt\u2019s section repeatedly: First the intro- I don\u2019t know where the punchline fell with that story, but it definitely wasn\u2019t caught on tape. Second, the song Colt chose is a bit quirky and if you\u2019re patient you\u2019ll see that it works quite well with the skating. And Third, Colt\u2019s last few tricks are banging- especially the long nose grind down the handrail. Colt\u2019s got better balance than Alan Sugar\u2019s bank account.\r\n\r\nTime for another comic interlude and this time it\u2019s pro cameos introducing Super am and new Element pro, Tony Tave. This kid broke onto the scene via a huge switch frontside heelflip over the double set at the Etnies Lake Forest skatepark. Tony\u2019s got pop and a whole lot of shock for you with this solid 4 minute section. If you think Tony\u2019s only got hefty hammers to offer, you\u2019re right, but you don\u2019t see many kids swinging swords like this everyday.\r\n\r\nFinally, It\u2019s Time concludes with Bay Area badass, Pete Ramondetta. Pete is gnarly as hell with fast snaps and back to back hammers. I like to think of Pete as one of the last Radical skaters out there, that don\u2019t worry about image or fame and just get the job done. Plus, Ramondetta won\u2019t be stamped with the billy-bad boy stamp of strictly rails. I spotted a 360 double flip and a sweet no comply flip combo in there. At the end it\u2019s all about the ender though \u2013 Stick that in your pipe Jaime!\r\n\r\nSo, to brush this review up and post up a sales pitch for Circa, I\u2019d say that if you like it big and fast, It\u2019s Time will have you satisfied. If the whole hammerfest- deathlens FTSA technique bores you, then just watch this for free with shoes at skater owned shops and visit www.circafootwear.com for all the inside scoops.\r\n\r\nTracklistings:\r\n\r\n\u2022\tRare earth- I Know I\u2019m losing you\r\n\u2022\tBlack Sabbath- Gypsy\r\n\u2022\tZwan- Lyric\r\n\u2022\tJim Walker and the Allstars- Shotgun\r\n\u2022\tSam and Dave- Hold on! I\u2019m coming!\r\n\u2022\tTosca- Session 2:Einschlaf\r\n\u2022\tThrowing Muses- Not to soon\r\n\u2022\tDoobie Brothers- Take it to the streets\r\n\u2022\tCab Colloway- Jitterbug\r\n\u2022\tMicheal Jackson- Working day and night\r\n\u2022\tRocky Erickson and the Aliens- Stand for the pire demon\r\n\u2022\tAC/DC- Walk all over you\r\n\u2022\tGladys Knight and the Pips- Midnight train to Georgia\r\n\u2022\tThe Rolling Stones- Worried about you\r\n\r\nRalph Lloyd-Davis\r\n18/06/2006"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "1KQb1Y63OHM"}