{"tmdb_id": 26460, "title": "Tilt", "original_title": "Tilt", "slug_title": "tilt", "date": "1979-04-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Tilt is the story of a precocious young girl who is a pinball wizard. Because she does not get on with her parents, Tilt is contemplating running away from home. Skipping school one day, she decides to go to to Mickey's Bar. Mickey, who is Tilt's good friend, helps her set up a gambler for a pinball game. Because the gambler is unaware of Tilt's pinball wizardry, he is easily hustled out of his money. While watching the confrontation, a young man named Neil Gallagher, who is an aspiring musician, is impressed with Tilt's ability, congratulating her after the win. Neil invites Tilt to watch him sing at a rock concert, and after his performance she believes he can become a great singer. Because Neil needs money for a demo tape of his songs, he has an idea of taking Tilt with him and having her hustle would-be gamblers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9L2Bgkmj1moUsw2WOv9gzzrLDCk.jpg", "actors": ["Brooke Shields (Tilt (Brenda Louise Davenport))", "Ken Marshall (Neil Gallagher)", "Charles Durning (Harold 'The Whale' Remmens)", "Lorenzo Lamas (Casey Silverwater)", "John Crawford (Mickey)", "Karen Lamm (Hype)", "Gregory Walcott (Mr. Davenport)", "Harvey Lewis (Henry Bertolino)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Truck Driver)", "Rob Berger  (Replay (as Robert Brian Berger))", "Don Stark (Gary Laswitz)", "Gary Mule Deer (Felix)", "George Jacobs (Clint)", "Helen Boll (Mrs. Davenport)", "Frank Pesce (Rock Manager (Carrots))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kewl Kat", "content": "I liked this movie. The 1970s seemed like a fun time. Teenagers weren't looked down upon for simply living their lives on their terms. You could be 14, learn a skill, drop out of school, and travel the country supporting yourself or even yourself and a friend. Every day would be an adventure. And when you think about it, that's the way it should always be. I know that pinball isn't as popular as it once was but there are plenty of other things that can be mastered in the modern era. But today, busybodies will ultimately destroy whatever dream you have. It's really nothing more than pathetic jealousy. I give this film 8/10 stars for its entertainment value and a bonus 2 stars for being bold and inspirational, bringing it to 10/10. There is a great lesson when Tilt Davenport and The Whale battle each other at the end. I won't spoil it for you. Just trust me when I say you won't be disappointed."}], "recommandations_id": [28892, 47363, 46460, 48458], "youtube_key": "notfound"}