{"tmdb_id": 264718, "title": "Curse of Lola", "original_title": "Zu Zhou", "slug_title": "curse-of-lola", "date": "2005-11-03", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "When the leading dancer of Lola is murdered in her dressing room on the very night of the premiere, terror looms over the dance troupe. With the murderer still at large, the coveted role of Lola passes to Tian, a talented but introverted dancer with a traumatic childhood. Suspicion fanned by jealousy soon leads to hostility and rejection from fellow dancers, while figments of childhood memories start haunting her every dream. Tian can only seek solace in the arms of her gaffer boyfriend Zhen. As the murderer strikes again, Tian begins to realize that all the slayings are somehow related to her. No sooner is she inextricably sucked into the curse of the role than she starts suspecting Zhen may actually be harboring a horrifying secret behind these murders and the troupe itself.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t32m1M8KMPvQx0h43pyrBbBEp08.jpg", "actors": ["Francis Ng ()", "Tian Yuan ()", "Sui Junbo (Xiao Mei)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Termino", "content": "\"Curse of Lola\" is a thrilling tale about love, jealousy, and the end that either can drive a person! When I first saw it at Blockbuster, I was surprised it was at the \"New Release\" section-- usually they just stick Foreign films in a far off castaway corner. This movie is hardly an epic, but it has strong casting and developed characters. Tg is a great leading man in this movie. In the beginning, the plot is slow to build (it happens in a lot of movies, actually-- usually the better ones!) but after it has 'built' it is an mellow-paced movie. You (the audience) know more than most of the characters, but the film makers still hold the key-- they can come out and surprise you whenever they want. That's what makes this movie so great.\r\n\r\nThe movie builds its strength off the music (which is done beautifully) and the silences. This movie is blissfully quiet, and serene. Sound in a movie is extremely important, to build mood, to build the scene, and in \"Curse of Lola\" it sets the stage for the audience very well.\r\n\r\nIf you go into this movie expecting a horror flick, or be scared out of your seat, you will be disappointed. This movie is not face paced, it is steady + deep.\r\n\r\nThe script and special effects are really well done. The camera at times I thought could have done some different angles, but the vivid colors of the flashback scenes + the preceding music were really well put together.\r\n\r\nOVERALL: 9 out of 10 for beautiful music, dancing, and a great cast!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}