{"tmdb_id": 26502, "title": "Sept hommes \u00e0 abattre", "original_title": "Seven Men from Now", "slug_title": "sept-hommes-a-abattre", "date": "1956-08-04", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Western", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Un ancien sh\u00e9rif est bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 venger la mort de sa femme en retrouvant les sept bandits responsables de la fusillade au cours de laquelle elle a \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9e...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6TMLBvAeoq3J8TRagHbd7AA0G0J.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Ben Stride)", "Gail Russell (Annie Greer)", "Lee Marvin (Bill Masters)", "Walter Reed (John Greer)", "John Larch (Payte Bodeen)", "Don Barry (Clete)", "Stuart Whitman (Cavalry Lieutenant Collins)", "Fred Graham (Henchman)", "John Beradino (Clint)", "John Phillips (Jed)", "Chuck Roberson (Mason)", "Pamela Duncan (Se\u00f1orita Nellie)", "Steve Mitchell (Fowler)", "Cliff Lyons (Henchman)", "Fred Sherman (The Prospector)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Another expertly crafted Western from Boetticher and Scott.\r\n\r\nSeven Men from Now is directed by Budd Boetticher and produced by John Wayne's Batjac Productions. Written by Burt Kennedy it stars Randolph Scott, Gail Russell & Lee Marvin. Music is by Henry Vars & William H. Clothier photographs out of the Alabama Hills and Lone Pine, California.\r\n\r\nFormer Sheriff Ben Stride is on the trail of the seven men; who whilst robbing a Wells Fargo office, killed his wife in the process. Mentally tortured by having lost his job that resulted in his wife having to work at Wells Fargo, Stride is totally driven by hurt and anger. But along the way he helps a married couple who are stuck in the mud; who persuade Stride to ride West with them in case of further problems. They are then joined by a couple of suspect characters who have their own private agenda for tagging along with Stride: all parties seemingly heading for the day when the truth will out.\r\n\r\nDirector Budd Boetticher and leading Western star Randolph Scott made between 1956 and 1960, seven interesting and genre bending films. This was the first of their collaborations, and although it can be said they were merely honing their \"Adult Western\" bent here, all the traits that would make the upcoming The Tall T, Ride Lonesome and Comanche Station so worthy of genre classic status is evident here in this film. Tho simple in plot; I mean man on a mission movies are not exactly rare are they? Seven Men From Now is boosted by a smartly ambiguous turn from Lee Marvin as Bill Masters, while Boetticher's ability to raise his complex and hungry characters above and beyond the standard tale further gives the piece some kudos. Incidents dot themselves throughout the story to keep the film from ever drifting to the mundane, while the location work at Lone Pine, Alabama Hills in California is gorgeous; where we should be thankful to cinematographer William H. Clothier for realising that Boetticher needs his vista to be another character.\r\n\r\nOriginally intended as a vehicle for John Wayne, who took producing duties instead when his schedule wouldn't allow him the time to star, Seven Men From Now gave Randolph Scott a chance to show just what a fine actor he was. His Ben Stride could so easily have been played as corny and grumpy, but Scott gives it the emotional depth that Burt Kennedy's script demanded. Gail Russell (Annie Greer) is the lady of the piece, she ultimately led a sad real life, but at least here as the woman caught between two men, we get to see that she did have the ability when called upon - even if this didn't relaunch her career in the way that her friend John Wayne had originally hoped for. In fact Gail was to sadly succumb to the alcoholism that blighted her life just five years later, aged just 36. Thankfully this film stands up as a fine way to remember her beauty and for the efforts that she put into the Western genre.\r\n\r\nLacking the heavy cloud of doom of Boetticher & Scott's best collaborations, this one, however, boasts richly interesting characters that are telling a cunning moral allegory tale. It be an Oater for those who like intelligence over yippee ki-yay like histrionics. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42261, 29966, 27999, 40744]}