{"tmdb_id": 265297, "title": "Le Sel de la Terre", "original_title": "Le sel de la terre", "slug_title": "le-sel-de-la-terre", "date": "2014-09-27", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Depuis quarante ans, le photographe Sebasti\u00e3o Salgado parcourt les continents sur les traces d\u2019une humanit\u00e9 en pleine mutation. Alors qu\u2019il a t\u00e9moign\u00e9 des \u00e9v\u00e9nements majeurs qui ont marqu\u00e9 notre histoire r\u00e9cente : conflits internationaux, famine, exode\u2026 Il se lance \u00e0 pr\u00e9sent \u00e0 la d\u00e9couverte de territoires vierges aux paysages grandioses, \u00e0 la rencontre d\u2019une faune et d\u2019une flore sauvages dans un gigantesque projet photographique, hommage \u00e0 la beaut\u00e9 de la plan\u00e8te.  Sa vie et son travail nous sont r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9s par les regards crois\u00e9s de son fils, Juliano, qui l\u2019a accompagn\u00e9 dans ses derniers p\u00e9riples et de Wim Wenders, lui-m\u00eame photographe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bIZg6buSX7bMsfohLEiAb17JJjw.jpg", "actors": ["Juliano Ribeiro Salgado (Himself)", "Wim Wenders (Himself)", "Hugo Barbier (Himself)", "L\u00e9lia Wanick Salgado (Herself)", "Jacques Barth\u00e9l\u00e9my (Himself)", "R\u00e9gis Muller (Himself)", "Jo\u00e3o Pessoa Mattos (Himself)", "Leny Wanick Mattos (Himself)", "Maria Teresa Salgado Rocha Bastos (Herself)", "Rodrigo Ribeiro Salgado (Himself)", "Sebasti\u00e3o Salgado (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The pictures tell us all the story, and when it does, you'll be heartbroken!**\r\n\r\nThis was nominated for the Oscars, but did not win. I should have watched it earlier, but I don't know how I forgot it and moved on. Recently noticed that I've missed it, so finally gave it a try and I really liked, but very sad to learn what the film narrated. This is a biopic, an aged photographer who traveled world revealed his experience with those horrifying encounters the humanity ever saw. From South America to Europe and Africa to Pacific Asia, he takes us back to the 70s, 80s and the 90s. His pictures tell us all the story, but when he explain more surround those pictures when he had taken them, that's where not just me, anybody who sees this documentary would be heartbroken.\r\n\r\nInitially I thought it was just a photo exhibition from the past 40- 50 years of his life, but after the opening few minutes, it kicked off from Brasil to the different parts of the world, like how people suffered from our own mistakes. Also the nature like the oil fields in Iraq, polar and sea animals, tribes, all are very fascinating, as well as upsets with the facts that causing all those troubles. Before watching this I thought it might tell about actual salt of the Earth, the chemistry, to brief its past, present and future. But what the film revealed was shocking and at a time, thanks for being very bold, for the present world, it definitely needed.\r\n\r\nThis is just one man's experience, we don't know what might have happened behind when there is no camera to capture the moment and to tell the story to the rest of the world. A must see film, a documentary film like this is never late to see, even if it takes a lifetime to watch, you must take that chance and do that before you die. I have seen lots of documentaries like this, but this is not a message deliverer, it just finger pointed to our mistakes. You will learn some of the history that you ever learnt from your school, college textbooks or from your own journey around the world. So definitely these pictures are priceless. Not to admire, but to remind not to repeat in the future. I hope you watch it right away after reading my review.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [267480, 11779, 207441, 23997], "youtube_key": "jMb7eWaBVvQ"}