{"tmdb_id": 265226, "title": "Les merveilles", "original_title": "Le meraviglie", "slug_title": "les-merveilles", "date": "2014-05-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans un village en Ombrie, c\u2019est la fin de l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9. Gelsomina vit avec ses parents et ses trois jeunes s\u0153urs, dans une ferme d\u00e9labr\u00e9e o\u00f9 ils produisent du miel. Volontairement tenues \u00e0 distance du monde par leur p\u00e8re, qui en pr\u00e9dit la fin proche et pr\u00f4ne un rapport privil\u00e9gi\u00e9 \u00e0 la nature, les filles grandissent en marge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uHxdIwNhub983hRzRQCyhhzb461.jpg", "actors": ["Maria Alexandra Lungu (Gelsomina)", "Alba Rohrwacher (Angelica)", "Sam Louwyck (Wolfgang)", "Sabine Timoteo (Coc\u00f2)", "Agnese Graziani (Marinella)", "Monica Bellucci (Milly Catena)", "Andr\u00e9 Hennicke (Adrian)", "Luis Huilca (Martin)", "Eva Lea Pace Morrow (Caterina)", "Maris Stella Morrow (Luna)", "Carlo Tarmati (Carlo Portarena)", "Margarethe Tiesel (Second Life Representative)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Being a child of a farmer and the rural life.\r\n\r\nI begin by saying it was a sweet little Italian movie. It is not here to entertain you, but to give an alarming message. The world's human population is growing rapidly, but within, the farmer's counts are shrinking. Hunger will be one of the future's biggest concerns to deal. This film is about a farmer family that depicted from the perspective of what's causing for the people like them to disappear. There are a very few movies on this theme, in that, all the farmer's movies won't illustrate harvesting and hardworks rather focuses on romance, revenge and other subplots. I think this was true to what it was promised and you would feel glad watching this if you are capable to realise the facts.\r\n\r\nA 12 years old girl, Gelsomina, with her parents and three younger sisters lives in a rural Italy. They are the bee farmers, living with a strict order of the life, especially when it comes to the profession. And this story was told from the Gelsomina's viewpoint about everything she and her family goes through. After her father who got no son, she has to carry on the family's tradition to the next generation. She's absolutely on it as she's naturally gifted and stronger than anyone in the family, including her father who's no match for her. Moreover, she's already running the family with moral. But when they reach a crossroad, some unexpected decisions have to be made which is basically the remaining portion.\r\n\r\n> \"You would need a slave.\r\n> Instead of 4 daughters.\"\r\n\r\nI can't say it is a must see, because it is still a movie and looks for an opportunity in between to amuse you. Either, it is not afraid to unfold the reality, that's the best of this film. It had an amazing cast, but I don't know anyone of them, of course, except Monica Bellucci in a cameo. Cinematography was great, they were not trying to seduce the viewers with the beautiful countryside scenic rather presenting as it is. Beside the film let you know about bee keeping and honey extraction. It is not an easy job, thinking bees do all the work and we just snatch it using protection costume. But surrounding environment and all matters. There's no CGI, some of the dangerous scenes were shot under the guidance of the real pros with a specialised documentary crew.\r\n\r\nIt proves a coming-of-age story can also be told in this manner. Urbanising, hunters, tourism influx, name it... all these are affecting peace in the rural life. This film covers most of the factors in a simple fashion, It was not that easy for everyone to understand the end part as it contained two way meaning, literal and metaphor. One is a report card for the actuality and the other one is a cinematic conclusion. Overall, it tackles on the matured contents and children are the part of it, especially the last quarter all about them. And finally, everyone won't desire for a movie like this, but IMO certainly worth spending time for it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [17367, 198825, 99902, 121461], "youtube_key": "-AIHVBjHP_Y"}