{"tmdb_id": 26530, "title": "Vacances de No\u00ebl", "original_title": "Christmas Holiday", "slug_title": "vacances-de-noel", "date": "1944-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Abigail Martin devenue Jacky Lamont dans une maison de plaisir raconte sa vie \u00e0 un officier de passage : Abigail Martin a \u00e9pous\u00e9 Robert Manette sans le connaitre vraiment car ce dernier fr\u00e9quente la p\u00e8gre de sa ville. Manette et sa m\u00e8re comptent sur Abigail pour l'aider \u00e0 retrouver le droit chemin. Mais le naturel reprend vite le dessus, Manette sort la nuit, revient avec de l'argent, puis un autre jour avec le pantalon en sang. On finit par l\u2019arr\u00eater pour meurtre. Il est condamn\u00e9. En sortant du tribunal la m\u00e8re de Manette rejette la faute sur Abigail qui n'a pas su le recadrer et la gifle.Manette s'\u00e9vade de prison et retrouve la trace de sa femme. Elle est heureuse de le revoir, mais Manette n'admet pas qu'elle travaille dans une maison de plaisir et s\u2019appr\u00eate \u00e0 l'abattre... mais la police arrive \u00e0 temps.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3vRB7hmHQTHNsOXJOtmSpoYCuxE.jpg", "actors": ["Deanna Durbin (Jackie Lamont / Abigail Martin)", "Gene Kelly (Robert Manette)", "Richard Whorf (Simon Fenimore)", "Dean Harens (Lt. Charles Mason)", "Gladys George (Valerie de Merode)", "Gale Sondergaard (Mrs. Manette)", "David Bruce (Gerald Tyler)", "Eddie Acuff (Steve, a Soldier (uncredited))", "Oliver Blake (Defense Attorney (uncredited))", "Charles Cane (Joe, Detective (uncredited))", "Heinie Conklin (Jury Member (uncredited))", "Joseph Crehan (Steve, the Bartender (uncredited))", "Eddie Dunn (Jim, Detective (uncredited))", "James Flavin (Policeman (uncredited))", "Robert Homans (Policeman (uncredited))", "George Irving (Judge (uncredited))", "Charles McMurphy (Policeman (uncredited))", "Ralph Montgomery (Plane Passenger (uncredited))", "William H. O'Brien (Waiter (uncredited))", "Minor Watson (Townsend (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Christmas Holiday (1944)\r\n\r\nVacationing with the troubled and the forlorn.\r\n\r\nChristmas Holiday is directed by Robert Siodmak and adapted to screenplay by Herman J. Mankiewicz from the novel of the same name written by W. Somerset Maugham. It stars Deanna Durbin, Gene Kelly, Richard Whorf, Dean Harens, Gale Sondergaard and Gladys George. Music is by Hans J. Salter and cinematography by Elwood Bredell.\r\n\r\nThe title is a bit of a bum steer, the presence of Durbin and Kelly a splendid slice of red herring casting, and the written notices on the internet announce that the source material was watered down for this filmic adaptation. All of these instances mark Siodmak\u2019s film out as a fascinating oddity, and certainly of high interest to film noir lovers.\r\n\r\nPlot essentially has Durbin telling Harens in flashback how her life crumbled around her when she married Kelly. She thought he was a wealthy gent full of charm and love, but soon she comes to realise that he\u2019s a rascal with underlying issues, not helped by his mother, a witch like Sondergaard.\r\n\r\nHad Siodmak been able to go full tilt with the characterisations here, we would have most likely been privy to one of his finest dark noirs, he was after all one of the great purveyors of such devilish delights. Yet even though there\u2019s a frustration that some of the bolder elements of Maugham\u2019s prose are not overtly evident, there\u2019s still a dark heart beating away, with suggestions of prostitution, incest and homosexuality dangling in the air, baiting those who in the classic eras adhered to censorship.\r\n\r\nSiodmak and Bredell don\u2019t over saturate via noir filters, but as the story moves between seedy New Orleans clubs and Gothic churches, the sense of everything being out of sorts is amplified by smoke and lighting techniques. The pace is very up and down, and not all the director\u2019s scene constructions help the narrative be all it can be, but his knack for emphasising certain thematics via tone and responses from his actors is very much evident here.\r\n\r\nThematically it\u2019s all very glum, America gone bad, love and romance are mere illusions. From the opening sequence as Harens \u2013 having served in the war for his country \u2013 receives a \u201cDear John\u201d letter, to the striking denouement, this is anti-love and a portrait of a self loathing country readily able to accept corruption and the dark bents of human nature. The strong performances by the leads, supplemented by the wonderful Sondergaard (you know things are going to be creepy when she\u2019s around), and the Oscar nominated score by Salter round out the many strengths of Christmas Holiday.\r\n\r\nNot one to cheer you up at the yuletide season, and far from perfect with its draggy mid-section, but this is hugely effective film noir and fans of such will get plenty of miserablist rewards from it. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26592, 35017, 26169, 28560], "youtube_key": "4iOzpu5lMuU"}