{"tmdb_id": 265472, "title": "Terrifying Tales", "original_title": "Terrifying Tales", "slug_title": "terrifying-tales", "date": "1989-04-18", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Science-Fiction / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Terrifying Tales contains three independently-produced shorts running about 20 minutes apiece. Only one of the three; Paul Bunnell's \"Final Destination: Unknown\" (copyrighted 1989), is actually horror. The other two; Armand Garabidian's \"Ten Seconds to Countdown\" (copyrighted 1986) and Ephraim Schwartz's \"Creatures of Habit\" (also 1986), are, respectively, science fiction and drama with only slight mystery components. The three used here are connected only in that they were shorts made by UCLA graduate students. Sadly, none of them is very good. The opening title screens and closing credits have been left intact for each.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7udY8vaU8K6cl0bDxl7NDA739bZ.jpg", "actors": ["Christine Warner (Young Woman (\"Ten Seconds to Countdown\"))", "Andrew Magarian (Sonny Blake (segment \"Final Destination Unknown\"))", "Lisa Fuller (Angela Godfrey (segment \"Final Destination Unknown\"))", "James R. Sweeney (Mr. Godfrey (segment \"Final Destination: Unknown\"))", "George Dickerson (Dr. Malcolm Rutledge (segment \"Creatures of Habit\"))", "Linda Nichols (Jennie Calder (segment \"Creatures of Habit\"))", "Craig Dalton (Charlie Bliss (segment \"Creatures of Habit\"))", "John Bluto (Lt. Avery Bonhomme (segment \"Creatures of Habit\"))", "Suzanne Hartman (Johanna Rutledge (segment \"Creatures of Habit\"))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}