{"tmdb_id": 265579, "title": "Immensee", "original_title": "Immensee", "slug_title": "immensee", "date": "1943-12-08", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Elisabeth\u2019s great love is Reinhart, a budding musician.  They spent a happy childhood together on the Immensee.  And although he loves her, too, he leaves Immensee to take up his studies in Hamburg.  For a long time, no one knows what\u2019s become of him; until they meet once again at Immensee.  Happy about this meeting, Elisabeth visits him in Hamburg.  But she finds city life to be strange and confusing; and so, she returns back home disappointed.  Finally, Erich, who has waited for her a long time, confesses to her, that he\u2019s in love with her.  When Eric\u2019s father dies and he inherits the farm, he asks Elisabeth to marry him.  When he eventually dies, Elisabeth stays loyal to him even in death.  Now that the famous director Reinhart is ready to show her his affections, she\u2019s not to be swayed.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oABbYLSP8I46YRmqw1Zq7nCtYuW.jpg", "actors": ["Kristina S\u00f6derbaum (Elisabeth Uhl)", "Carl Raddatz (Reinhart Torsten)", "Paul Klinger (Erich J\u00fcrgens)", "Max G\u00fclstorff (Vater Torsten)", "Otto Geb\u00fchr (Vater J\u00fcrgens)", "Albert Florath (Vorsitzender der Pr\u00fcfungskommission)", "Walter Bechmann (Reinharts Diener)", "Carola Toelle ()", "Lina Lossen ()", "Germana Paolieri ()", "K\u00e4the Dyckhoff ()", "Wilfried Seyferth ()", "Malte Jaeger ()", "Clemens Hasse ()", "Ernst Legal ()", "Claire Reigbert ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}