{"tmdb_id": 265598, "title": "Bareback All Stars", "original_title": "Bareback All Stars", "slug_title": "bareback-all-stars", "date": "2010-08-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The very best of Bare Twinks prove their stardom in this cum-filled classic. First, Brandon invites Jake over to his house and while he's preoccupied, Jake tries to make off with some money. When Brandon catches him, Jake is in for some major punishment. Brandon throws him around, forcing his big cock into every orifice, finally cumming in his tight ass. Next, Tyson dominates Caden in this steamy fuckfest. After getting face-fucked by Tyson, he bends over and takes all of his thick cock. After some hard sex, he takes all of Tyson's cum on his ass. After that, Jeremy premieres in his first Bare Twinks video paired up with the sexy Keith Conner. Keith worships Jeremy's hard dick before sitting on it and riding it bare 'til he cums. Adrian finally puts his big dick to use in this hardcore video. He and Anthony 69 each other until Anthony can't wait anymore and bends over for Adrian's long cock. Lastly, Johnny and Tristan make hot sexy bareback love that will leave you reeling for more.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6VaUrYDv60gsuYXngw499g0i6yW.jpg", "actors": ["Tyson Corrigan ()", "Jayden Taylor ((as Caden Boyd))", "Adrian Scott ()", "Anthony Miles ()", "Brandon White ()", "Jake Johnson ()", "Jeremy Sommers ()", "Johnny Aces ()", "Keith Conners ()", "Tristan Tyler ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}