{"tmdb_id": 2655, "title": "Apparences", "original_title": "What Lies Beneath", "slug_title": "apparences", "date": "2000-07-21", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Norman Spencer et sa femme Claire habitent une somptueuse residence sur les berges d'un lac de la Nouvelle-Angleterre. Tout va pour le mieux mais Claire se sent seule. Sa fille est partie a l'universite et son mari consacre tout son temps a ses recherches. Elle entend un jour gemir et pleurer sa nouvelle voisine, Mme Feur, et tente de prendre contact avec elle. Mais elle se heurte a M. Feur, qui lui refuse l'acces a la maison. Au cours de la nuit, elle voit ce dernier charger un grand sac dans sa voiture. Au fil des jours, Claire est assaillie par des sensations etranges.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A1mrfm8LEv7L28q50ld8QI5z9Iu.jpg", "actors": ["Harrison Ford (Dr. Norman Spencer)", "Michelle Pfeiffer (Claire Spencer)", "Diana Scarwid (Jody)", "James Remar (Warren Feur)", "Miranda Otto (Mary Feur)", "Ray Baker (Dr. Stan Powell)", "Wendy Crewson (Elena)", "Amber Valletta (Madison Elizabeth Frank)", "Katharine Towne (Caitlin Spencer)", "Victoria Bidewell (Beatrice)", "Joe Morton (Dr. Drayton)", "Micole Mercurio (Mrs. Frank)", "Sloane Shelton (Mrs. Templeton)", "Rachel Singer (PhD Student #3)", "Daniel Zelman (PhD Student #4)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You're not yourself today are you?\r\n\r\nClaire and Norman Spencer's marriage starts to fall apart when she believes there is a ghost in the house. Things gather apace when Claire is convinced that the spirit is trying to tell her something. Something that could be too close to home for comfort.\r\n\r\nRobert Zemeckis does Hitchcock? Well yes, the influence is obvious, unashamedly so. But the trouble with that, is having the maestro as a benchmark renders all other modern day attempts as folly. However, casting aside that gargantuan issue, What Lies Beneath is an effective creeper come thriller that boasts star credentials.\r\n\r\nDirected by Zemeckis, formed from an idea by Steven Spielberg (from the story by Sarah Kernochan) and starring Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer as the fragmenting Spencer's. That's a pretty tidy bunch from which to launch your movie. What follows is a mixture of genuine unease and mystery, red herrings and standard boo jump moments, all of which almost gets lost on a saggy middle section as Zemeckis plays Hitchcock one too many times and loses sight of the supernatural heart of the piece, not helped by Clark Gregg's meandering script I might add. None the less, the picture gets pulled around for the finale as the spooky combines with thriller to produce some quality edge of the seat stuff. But it's only then that you totally realise that the makers here have tried to cram too much in to one film. In eagerness to manipulate the audience for the fine ending (though you probably will have it worked out at the half way point) the film just ends up as being confused as to what it mostly wanted to be.\r\n\r\nPfeiffer is excellent and looks stunning and Ford gives it gusto when the script allows. Support comes from Diana Scarwid, Joe Morton, Miranda Otto and James Remar. The house is suitably eerie with its waterside setting and Alan Silvestri's score is perfectly in tune with the creepy elements of the piece. It's a fine enough film in its own right, regardless of the Hitchcockian homages. It's just that it should have been a far better horror picture than it turned out to be. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11601, 2637, 11618, 8843], "youtube_key": "notfound"}