{"tmdb_id": 266058, "title": "A girl at my door", "original_title": "\ub3c4\ud76c\uc57c", "slug_title": "a-girl-at-my-door", "date": "2014-05-22", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Young-Nam, jeune commissaire de S\u00e9oul, est mut\u00e9e d'office dans un village de Cor\u00e9e. Elle se retrouve confront\u00e9e au monde rural avec ses habitudes, ses pr\u00e9jug\u00e9s et ses secrets. Elle croise une jeune fille, Dohee dont le comportement singulier et solitaire l'intrigue. Une nuit, celle-ci se r\u00e9fugie chez elle\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vCQ3bz69w1MxDtlkrD0h41cfI5q.jpg", "actors": ["Bae Doo-na (Yeong-nam)", "Kim Sae-ron (Do-hee)", "Song Sae-byuk (Yong-ha)", "Kim Jin-goo (Jeom-soon)", "Son Jong-hak (Chief Eom)", "Na Jong-min (Cop Kim)", "Gong Myoung (Conscripted Policeman Kwon)", "Kim Jong-goo (President Choi)", "Park Jin-woo (Detective Chief)", "Moon Sung-keun (Chief Nam Kyeong-dae)", "Jang Hee-jin (Eun-jeong)", "Kim Min-jae (Joon-ho)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Where's the innocence and who's the victim?\r\n\r\nGood to be back to a Korean movie and this time I'm happy that I picked the right one. A small budget movie produced by the Korean film board and many actors from the project did for the free. A massive victory for a debutante director July Jung after receiving a standing ovation from the audience at Cannes and the positive response from the critics, media and movie buffs around the world. From this you would know that you must not miss the film and I would say the same, but I also apprise you that it ain't masterpiece.\r\n\r\nThe story follows the police officer Lee Young-nam, who is moving into a quiet small coastal town station to take a charge after the allegation of drinking problem and other personal scandal in the capital city. Her task is to lay low for a while until everything calms down to move back. She succeeds only until a girl knocks her door, metaphorically as what the title say. An unexpected relationship develops, as well seems another trouble is on the approach. Whatever happen from there is the story, especially the second half.\r\n\r\nThe good thing is this film talk about the root cause of the domestic violence. Like alcohol is one of the major concerns for those. Small intake is okay, but the excessive and addiction is the worry. No matter its the good people or bad according to how they live and what they do, but the point remain same. Here in this story as well all the characters were associated with alcoholism, but differentiated with purpose of life they are in and responsibility. The child abuse, the family who treat their own child badly was the goal to expose for us. And what follows after that was beyond a proper solution. The point it ended and what might happen after that is still a questionable.\r\n\r\n> \"Alcohol is the problem.\"\r\n\r\nThe girl was Kim Sae-ron from 'The Man from Nowhere' fame. She's has grown up, a teenager. In the next movie probably would play a heroine. She was very good in the role. The girl with the mentality of when everybody sided her in the society except one who begin to care for her all the sudden, that might unleash the inner evil for having a support and to relocate, but the doubt is she's capable? From the girl's perspective, all are fair and square, but what society and law's take is another arguable angle. So you might know by now, the movie is not about any section of good versus bad people, but the reality of our world/civilization/society and a strategy to stay input/alive in the life between the obstacles we face.\r\n\r\nSlow narration, particularly in the first half. Took time to evolve the characters, but still confines the earlier events of each one of them that gave a strong next half. Nobody can know where the story is gonna go, the possibilities are several. I was stunned for the way it ended, especially the last 15 minutes were not typical, but tricky. Even for a real life, this kind of stuffs scares hell out of being an adult for caught between being a villain, but not an (serious/life threatening) offender. I said it because still in many third world countries that is how a child brought up and nobody care including government/law or the neighbours. Its no matter small mischievous thing or not intended to, or you did it. What I'm saying is the example of movies like 'Jagten' and 'In the House'. Anyway, a nice movie with the talented performers. Worth a watch and to suggest those we know.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [284301, 369443, 220176, 86261]}