{"tmdb_id": 266294, "title": "Sisters", "original_title": "Sisters", "slug_title": "sisters", "date": "2015-12-18", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Deux s\u0153urs sont de retour chez leurs parents pour d\u00e9barrasser leur ancienne chambre d'enfant avant que la maison familiale ne soit vendue. Dans l'espoir de revivre pour une nuit leurs ann\u00e9es de gloire pass\u00e9es, elles organisent une soir\u00e9e \"de jeunes\" avec leurs anciens camarades de lyc\u00e9e qui tourne rapidement en fiesta d\u00e9lirante et salutaire pour cette bande d'adolescents attard\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dgBRpvLadVjXvsFNYwHFXKHS0P5.jpg", "actors": ["Tina Fey (Kate Ellis)", "Amy Poehler (Maura Ellis)", "John Leguizamo (Dave)", "Ike Barinholtz (James)", "Maya Rudolph (Brinda)", "Madison Davenport (Hayley)", "Greta Lee (Hae Won)", "James Brolin (Bucky Ellis)", "John Cena (Pazuzu)", "Rachel Dratch (Kelly)", "Heather Matarazzo (Denny)", "Dan Byrd (Patrick Campbell)", "Kate McKinnon (Sam)", "Bobby Moynihan (Alex)", "Adrian Martinez (Actor)", "Dianne Wiest (Deana Ellis)", "Santino Fontana (Mr. Geernt)", "Brian d'Arcy James (Jerry)", "Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry (Kim)", "Emily Tarver (Brianne)", "Samantha Bee (Liz)", "Britt Lower (Actress)", "Jackie Tohn (DJ)", "John Lutz (Party Guest #1)", "Daniel Breaker (Airport Bartender)", "April Szykeruk (Party Guest)", "Kara Rosella (Softball Player)", "Christa Beth Campbell (Young Maura Ellis Age 10)", "Ben Sinclair (Tan Guy)", "James Zeiss (Pina Colada Umbrella Party Guest)", "Kelsey O'Brien (Party Guest)", "Bill Walters (Airport Traveler (uncredited))", "Chris Parnell (Phil)", "Greta Lee (Greta)", "Angela Cohen ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> What it is like to throw a grand teenager-style party at your 30s?\r\n\r\nDon't assume it's a high school party movie, but the big girls'. That's where everyone's are wrong and expresses their disappointment. For me it was a nice comedy, but not comparable with other great ones. It might won't work on teenagers, but there's no issue for adults with the open mind to enjoy it. A part themed movie for the grown-ups.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Pitch Perfect' another woman oriented comedy. Both, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler were not that funny, hence not a rocking combo, but did not fail either and worked okay on this. They are the sisters with the opposite character. When they visit their childhood home, they decide to throw one final party before handing it over to the new owners.\r\n\r\nJohn Cena's cameo was excellent. In this chick movie he's the only one who gave manly appeal compared with the other men. The story was decent, but most of the movie was a regular party that goes wild. So expecting development of the characters or the story is silly. What I meant was, it is an entertainer, not a biopic or a documentary, so it delivers its purpose.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "Sisters tries really hard. Tina Fey and Amy Poehler certainly have chemistry and some of the best moments of the movie come from that chemistry. Still, the film falls flat on its face more than once.\r\n\r\nThe movie is mostly cringe humor. It's filled with one character or another doing something embarrassing. While this can be done really well if used correctly, Sisters seems to hit everything with the cringe hammer until it cries.\r\n\r\nThis isn't really expected, and neither is the abundant use of bodily and sexual humor. There are some great moments in the movie relating to these, as well.\r\n\r\nThe real issue with the movie is it feels like the writers went at it with a list of \"funny\" situations and tried to fit them all into a loose theme. Throwing everything against the wall to see what sticks inevitably means there will be a bunch of junk laying on the floor."}], "recommandations_id": [271718, 323676, 8780, 259694]}