{"tmdb_id": 2662, "title": "La Maison des 1000 morts", "original_title": "House of 1000 Corpses", "slug_title": "la-maison-des-1000-morts", "date": "2003-04-11", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes couples se lancent \u00e0 la recherche du docteur Satan, une l\u00e9gende locale. Surpris par un terrible orage, ils se r\u00e9fugient dans une myst\u00e9rieuse demeure o\u00f9 r\u00e9side une famille pour le moins \u00e9trange. Celle-ci se compose de membres adeptes du cannibalisme et de rites sataniques. Le cauchemar peut commencer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/58Z7xAhNBmutOuHTUO8V1vAkx3O.jpg", "actors": ["Sid Haig (Captain Spaulding)", "Bill Moseley (Otis B. Driftwood)", "Sheri Moon Zombie (Baby Firefly)", "Karen Black (Mother Firefly)", "Erin Daniels (Denise Willis)", "Chris Hardwick (Jerry Goldsmith)", "Rainn Wilson (Bill Hudley)", "Jennifer Jostyn (Mary Knowles)", "Tom Towles (Lieutenant George Wydell)", "Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish)", "Matthew McGrory (Tiny Firefly)", "Robert Allen Mukes (Rufus 'RJ' Firefly Jr.)", "Dennis Fimple (Grandpa Hugo Firefly)", "Jake McKinnon (Rufus 'Earl' Firefly Sr.)", "Harrison Young (Don Willis)", "Irwin Keyes (Ravelli)", "Michael J. Pollard (Stucky)", "Chad Bannon (Killer Karl)", "William Bassett (Sheriff Frank Huston)", "David Reynolds (Richard 'Little Dick' Wick)", "Joe Dobbs III (Gerry Ober)", "Judith Drake (Skunk Ape Wife)", "Gregg Gibbs (Dr. Wolfenstein)", "Ken Johnson (Skunk Ape Husband)", "Irvin Mosley Jr. (Lewis Dover)", "Tom Towles (George Wydell)", "Walter Phelan (Dr. Satan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Rob Zombie\u2019s comic book non-horror take on \u201cThe Texas Chainsaw Massacre\u201d \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2003 (but shot in 2000) and written/directed by Rob Zombie, \"House of 1000 Corpses\u201d is a horror/black comedy about two young couples who inadvertently visit a house of demented serial killers in backwoods Texas.\r\n\r\nA critic summed the movie up as \u201ca ridiculous horror comedy, but with extremely annoying villains.\u201d It was inspired by (or rips off) \u201cThe Texas Chainsaw Massacre\u201d (1974) and combines it with the cartoonish horror comedy of \u201cEvil Dead II\u201d (1987) while throwing in a little \u201cThe Funhouse\u201d (1981).\r\n\r\nThe entire first act, including the amusing prologue that introduces Captain Spaulding (Sid Haig), is very entertaining, but the over-the-top approach starts to get dull by the middle of the picture with the overdone events at the demented Firefly abode. The last act gets so cartoonish that I thought maybe the main protagonist (Erin Daniels) was experiencing a nightmare. The fantastical elements strip away any vestige of horror that was hardly there in the first two acts, which were too zany to take as serious horror. As such, I can\u2019t see anyone older than 7 finding this movie \u201cdisturbing.\u201d Still, the film pulsates with colorful pizazz and characters, not to mention a quality score/soundtrack.\r\n\r\nSheri Moon Zombie is effective in her role as Baby Firefly. I liked her voice and didn\u2019t mind her laugh (which many criticize), but she\u2019s a little too thin for my tastes. Daniels works pretty well as the main protagonist. But, considering Zombie\u2019s resources (e.g. the five captive cheerleaders), the flick sorta drops the ball in the female department.\r\n\r\nThe film sat on the shelf so long because Universal feared a NC-17 rating. Lions Gate eventually picked it up, but it was cut & edited in an attempt to achieve an R-rating. The original version was 16 minutes longer.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 29 minutes and was shot in Southern Cal (Chicken Ranch Backlot, Universal Studios; Palmdale; Santa Clarita; and Saugus).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [1696, 104755, 2082, 11547]}