{"tmdb_id": 266396, "title": "Gunman", "original_title": "The Gunman", "slug_title": "gunman", "date": "2015-02-16", "genre": "Action / Drame / Crime", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Il y a plusieurs ann\u00e9es, Jim a rempli un contrat meurtrier au profit d'entreprises mini\u00e8res \u00e9trang\u00e8res qui a plong\u00e9 le Congo dans le chaos. Cette histoire finit par le rattraper alors qu'il vient d'\u00e9chapper de peu \u00e0 un attentat. En replongeant dans ses souvenirs et en revoyant des personnes attach\u00e9es \u00e0 son pass\u00e9, il d\u00e9cide de quitter Londres pour Barcelone pour payer une visite \u00e0 un ancien ami et associ\u00e9. Jim apprend que ce dernier est mari\u00e9 \u00e0 son amoureuse d'antan et qu'il poss\u00e8de encore de nombreux contacts pertinents. Mais lorsqu'il tente de les solliciter, des hommes arm\u00e9s se lancent \u00e0 leurs trousses.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oiyfsAusLU7lqD1rjc7X503wB7.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Penn (Terrier)", "Jasmine Trinca (Annie)", "Javier Bardem (Felix)", "Ray Winstone (Stanley)", "Mark Rylance (Terrance Cox)", "Idris Elba (Barnes)", "Peter Franz\u00e9n (Reiniger)", "Billy Billingham (Reed)", "Daniel Adegboyega (Bryson)", "Ade Oyefeso (Eugene)", "Sarah Moyle (Ruth)", "Rachel Lascar (Camille)", "Mark Schardan (Procurement Chief (NGO))", "Carla P\u00e9rez (Female Aid Worker)", "Prasanna Puwanarajah (Doctor (UCL))", "Annick Weerts (Restaurant Hostess)", "Dacio Caballero (Shooter)", "Cuco Us\u00edn (Company Man)", "\u00d2scar Foronda (Company Man)", "Angela Fuente (Nurse)", "Melina Matthews (Cox's Secretary)", "David Blakeley (Man in Bar)", "Miquel \u00c0ngel Ripeu (Medical Chief (NGO))", "Txiki Blasi (North American Aid Worker (NGO))", "Alito Rodgers (Security Chief (NGO))", "San Y\u00e9lamos (Felix's Assistant)", "Paulina Boneva (Passerby (uncredited))", "Ancuta Breaban (Passerby (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When an assassin becomes a target!**\r\n\r\nIt was not bad, but the same old stuff that we'd seen in so many other films. It was actually based on the book and directed by the 'Taken' filmmaker. An international project, takes place in three different countries, but opens and ends in Congo. It centres on an assassin who had successfully executed a high-profile job in Africa. But a few years later, after giving up those kind of work, all the sudden it comes back to haunt him when some unknown men comes looking for him. So he decides to find who's behind it and why.\r\n\r\nEven though it is a familiar theme, very much enjoyable. But the problem is the hero remains unhurt and somebody else dies for him which so clich\u00e9. The acting was good, and obviously that is Sean Penn in the lead. The action sequences were okay, but the pace of the film was the reason for me to sit on-board for over 100 minutes.\r\n\r\nSo if you are not expecting a good story and the stunts, it will do okay, particularly for the time pass. Yes, it had a chance to become a better film, but I think it wanted to replicate the book which is a couple of decades old and in the meantime pieces from it was used in the different films, hence this one looked so old. The critics did not like it, but it is much better than they say, as well as not good as some people claim.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334074, 254904, 308504, 265208]}