{"tmdb_id": 266508, "title": "Fuku-chan of FukuFuku Flats", "original_title": "\u798f\u798f\u8358\u306e\u798f\u3061\u3083\u3093", "slug_title": "fuku-chan-of-fukufuku-flats", "date": "2014-03-23", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7JXKRTQB45ZBLfvLE9GIysWJcWP.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The future is always there to fix the past errors.\r\n\r\nI don't know where to begin, it was a quite pleasant watch. I would have not seen it if I had never liked the director's previous film 'Quirky Guys and Gals'. A simple, low budget flick, that betters any normal comedy with its quality of the narration. The beginning was not that good, when I started to watch, it did not interest me much. Suppose I needed time to get adjusted to it, like knowing all the characters, the backdrop of the story, the type of the comedy it is et cetera. Especially foreign movies need this kind of focus, because sometime everyone looks alike and comedies would be a thoroughly native brand. So after everything becoming familiar, it was quite a joy ride and second half was much better than I expected.\r\n\r\nThe movie opens with the two sets of narration told one after another. An early 30s chubby man named Fukuda, who is a painter professionally and passionate about his hobbies lives in the Fukufuku flats. An average, but by the heart a very kind guy leading a regular life. In another layer, around a same aged woman discovers her interest in the photography. When it won't go as she believed, her life begins to shatter. The two layer merges once these two people meet and forms a single line narration. These two have a connection from the past, the movie explains it. Despite their past, the reentry to each others present lives showcases how their fate would change forever.\r\n\r\n> \"Everyone ends up hurting someone\r\n> throughout their life.\"\r\n\r\nI have seen a few typical Japanese comedies, sometimes you won't get them if you don't know the culture and the language. This is the case for any language films other than Hollywood and your native ones. Especially dialogues won't be the same when it is translated into the other language or subtitle. But this one was exceptional that has an international standard appeal. The common language, the language of friendship, parents who cares for their unmarried children, forgiveness, neighbours, and many more. All the above, well written screenplay and equally supportive performances. An example for how a movie should be made, not only for the natives, but for the rest of the world.\r\n\r\nWell, if we are going to talk about the performances, we should begin with the title character. The character Fukuda was played by an actress, a comedian. How I could I know that, so I waited patiently and got confirmed after a few minutes in the opening. The other lead character, Chiho was cute and perfectly filled the shoes of that role. In some parts the storytelling was dull as a plain wall. There are some compelling scenes as well that balanced the elements.\r\n\r\nThe overall product was satisfying. I think the director, who is also the writer of this film is to appreciate. The sufficient length of the scenes, the timing of the comedies, the cool presentations in a tension scenario, all these made the movie a better entertainer. It might not reach every corner of the earth, but must reach the world movie fanatics. So if you are one, just consider putting it into your watchlist.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}