{"tmdb_id": 26654, "title": "La mort n'\u00e9tait pas au rendez-vous", "original_title": "Conflict", "slug_title": "la-mort-n-etait-pas-au-rendez-vous", "date": "1945-06-15", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Richard et Katherine Mason semblent former un couple heureux. En r\u00e9alit\u00e9, Richard est amoureux de Evelyn, la plus jeune s\u0153ur de son \u00e9pouse. Quand cette derni\u00e8re d\u00e9couvre leur secret et d\u00e9clare ne pas vouloir divorcer, Richard imagine alors une machination afin de s'en d\u00e9barrasser. Richard, riche architecte, feignant d'\u00eatre confin\u00e9 \u00e0 un fauteuil roulant suite \u00e0 un accident de voiture, projette froidement un plan d'assassinat de sa femme lors d'un voyage en voiture dans une station thermale de montagne, o\u00f9 il doit \u00eatre soign\u00e9. \u00c0 la derni\u00e8re minute, sous pr\u00e9texte de terminer un travail urgent, Richard diff\u00e8re son d\u00e9part et Katherine se rend seule en voiture au lieu de s\u00e9jour. Il emprunte alors un itin\u00e9raire plus court pour rejoindre la route, d\u00e9serte, emprunt\u00e9e par son \u00e9pouse. Son v\u00e9hicule en travers d'un passage, il attend Katherine, l'\u00e9trangle et pr\u00e9cipite la voiture dans le vide. Il revient rapidement \u00e0 son domicile et reprend sa place dans le fauteuil roulant...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2rGSlFFlP8Zqx1u5ng2EJOd6KEP.jpg", "actors": ["Humphrey Bogart (Richard Mason)", "Alexis Smith (Evelyn Turner)", "Sydney Greenstreet (Dr. Mark Hamilton)", "Rose Hobart (Kathryn Mason)", "Charles Drake (Prof. Norman Holsworth)", "Grant Mitchell (Dr. Grant)", "Patrick O'Moore (Det. Lt. Egan (as Pat O'Moore))", "Ann Shoemaker (Nora Grant)", "Edwin Stanley (Phillips (as Ed Stanley))", "Frank Wilcox (Freston)", "Bess Flowers (Guest at Rainbow Lodge)", "Oliver Blake (First pawnbroker)", "Harlan Briggs (Second pawnbroker)", "John Harmon (Pickpocket)", "Mary Servoss (Apartment owner)", "Marjorie Hoshelle (Switchboard operator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You see, Doctor Hamilton belongs to the Freudian school of psychology, he believes that love rather than money is the root of all evil. \r\n\r\nConflict is directed by Curtis Bernhardt and collectively written by Arthur T. Horman, Dwight Taylor, Robert Siodmak and Alfred Neumann. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Alexis Smith, Sydney Greenstreet, Rose Hobart, Charles Drake and Grant Mitchell. Music is by Frederick Hollander and cinematography by Merritt B. Gerstad.\r\n\r\nStill under exposed after all these years, Conflict is deserving of reappraisals by the film noir crowd. Plot has Richard Mason (Bogart) stuck in a loveless marriage to Kathryn (Hobart), with his misery further compounded by the fact he\u2019s in love with his sister-in-law, Evelyn (Smith). Finally having enough, Richard murders his wife and intends to woo the younger Evelyn into his life. However, when Richard starts glimpsing his wife out in the city and little items of hers start turning up, Richard starts to doubt his own mind.\r\n\r\nIn essence it\u2019s a psychological thriller spiced with German Expressionism, perhaps unsurprising given that Bernhardt and Siodmak are key components of the production. The psychoanalysis angle played out would of course become a big feature in the film noir cycle, and here it makes for a most interesting story as Bernhardt and Gerstad dress it up in looming shadows, rain sodden streets and treacherous mountain roads. The pungent air of fatalism is evident throughout, the pace of the piece purposely sedate to marry up with the sombre tones as Richard Mason, a disturbed menace, him self becomes menaced.\r\n\r\nOk, you don\u2019t have to be an ace detective to figure out just exactly what is going on, so the reveal at film\u2019s closure lacks a bit of a punch, but the atmospherically tinged journey is well worth undertaking regardless. Bernhardt\u2019s camera is often like some peeping tom spying on the warped machinations of Mason, and all the while Hollander adds thematically compliant music to proceedings. Bogart was pretty much press ganged into making the picture, but come the final product it\u2019s evident that even though he may have been unhappy initially, he ended up delivering one the most intriguing turns in his wonderful career.\r\n\r\nGreenstreet is his usual presence, here playing the psychiatrist family friend who delivers the telling lines whilst being ahead of the game. Unfortunately the two principal lady characters aren\u2019t done any favours by the otherwise taut screenplay, especially Evelyn, who as the catalyst for the sinister shadings never gets chance to build a strong emotional bridge to Richard Mason\u2019s psychological make-up. Still, when you got Bogart as an unhinged killer attired in trench-coat and fedora, and a director who knows how to place him in the right visual scenarios, the flaws can\u2019t kill the film\u2019s strengths. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29470, 99732, 30102, 25551], "youtube_key": "ivLMWhwLY0Q"}