{"tmdb_id": 26685, "title": "Comment tuer votre femme", "original_title": "How to Murder Your Wife", "slug_title": "comment-tuer-votre-femme", "date": "1965-01-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Stanley Ford (Jack Lemmon) est un auteur de bande dessin\u00e9e \u00e0 succ\u00e8s qui raconte chaque jour les aventures de Bash Brannigan, agent secret. C\u00e9libataire endurci, il vit avec son majordome Charles Firbank (Terry-Thomas) une vie r\u00e9gl\u00e9e et immuable. Un jour, sous l'emprise de l'alcool, il \u00e9pouse une strip-teaseuse italienne (Virna Lisi) qui ne tarde pas \u00e0 prendre une grande place dans son existence. Stanley Ford ne r\u00eave alors que de sortir de cette situation. Dans ses bandes dessin\u00e9es, il fait commettre \u00e0 Bash Brannigan le meurtre de son \u00e9pouse. Mrs. Ford a disparu et le public commence \u00e0 penser que Bash Brannigan est peut-\u00eatre une bande dessin\u00e9e autobiographique...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/asVIURFiq5ghPsE3bQ3F50REc3D.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Lemmon (Stanley Ford)", "Virna Lisi (Mrs Ford)", "Terry-Thomas (Charles)", "Eddie Mayehoff (Harold Lampson)", "Claire Trevor (Edna)", "Sidney Blackmer (Judge Blackstone)", "Max Showalter (Tobey Rawlins)", "Jack Albertson (Dr. Bentley)", "Mary Wickes (Harold's Secretary)", "Khigh Dhiegh (Bald Actor playing Thug)", "Barry Kelley (Club Member in Steam Room)", "William Bryant (Construction Worker)", "Edward Faulkner (Club Member in Steam Room / Party Guest)", "Lauren Gilbert (Men's Club Manager)", "Howard Wendell (The Trial Judge)", "K.C. Townsend (Party Girl)", "Charles Bateman (Club Member in Steam Room)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lemmon unable to save this from averageville.\r\n\r\nCartoonist Stanley Ford loves bachelorhood, he enjoys his life, he has a butler to serve him, he can get girls, and he likes a drink or two. Then one night he's at a bachelor party and the beautiful Virna Lisi pops up out of the cake, his life is about to change. For when he wakes up in the morning, he finds he has married her, and to compound his problems, she doesn't speak any English.\r\n\r\nAs a big Jack Lemmon fan I have to say I'm very disappointed in this picture, it's essentially a two joke movie that wastes Lemmon and Terry-Thomas' talent. The first half of the picture plays heavy on the fact that the new Mrs Ford only speaks Italian, this sets us up for a number of funny sequences, particularly when Claire Trevor enters the fray as Edna, but on it goes, and on it goes... We then get to watch as Stanley gains weight due to Mrs Ford's willingness to cook for her new husband, with Lemmon reduced to playing Stanley as an exasperated buffoon, henpecked within an inch of his manhood.\r\n\r\nThe second half of the picture, as the title suggests, sees Stanley grow a spine and decide to deal with his problem by killing the wife. You would think that this sets the picture up for a number of riotous sequences as Stanley tries to do away with her, but sadly no, it's just the one joke that fails to light up the picture in any shape or form. The run in to the finale is marginally saved by the always reliable Eddie Mayehoff, but come the credits you wonder if the film ever meant to be a full blown comedy in the first place? 4/10 for Mayehoff and Terry-Thomas' opening scenes."}], "recommandations_id": [55863, 114740, 107774, 60792], "youtube_key": "notfound"}