{"tmdb_id": 266962, "title": "Don't Go Away!", "original_title": "\u041d\u0435 \u0441\u0438 \u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0439!", "slug_title": "don-t-go-away", "date": "1976-01-30", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The charming young man Ran is a director in a school in his hometown. His classmate Mariana is his wife. At the first glance, things are like, as they ought to be. In the world of untold words and timid gestures something important is missing - the understanding. He cannot succumb to the routine, hypocrisy and egoism. Ran sees every moment of his everyday life as a part of everlasting human strive for beauty and perfection, which brings him many troubles and causes conflicts with his colleagues and his friends. The intrigues and betrayal of a part of his colleagues during the visitation of a school inspector make him lose his patience. On a public place, he slaps the inspector who destroys the human dignity of the others. There is a court against Ran. He must leave the school. He leaves his wife Mariana who does not understand him. These misfortunes do not stop his search for real values, real work, real love, in another place, another town, another school.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2yxOoSwrWMwxFKdHMQ5Zz4E1kMM.jpg", "actors": ["Filip Trifonov (Ran)", "Sashka Bratanova (Mariana)", "Nevena Kokanova (Tinka)", "Elena Mirtchofska (Mladata uchitelka)", "Emilia Radeva (Tzoneva)", "Georgi Rusev (Vetev)", "Angel Georgiev (Aktyorat)", "Georgi Kishkilov (Kmetat)", "Mariana Alamancheva (Uchitelka)", "Medi Dimitrova (Uchitelka)", "Evstati Stratev (Bashtata na Ran / Ran's Father)", "Lili Eneva (Uchiyelka)", "Kiril Gospodinov (Mazhat na Tinka)", "Svetoslav Peev (Revizor)", "Vasil Popov (Hudozhnik)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}