{"tmdb_id": 26690, "title": "L'\u00c9trangleur de Boston", "original_title": "The Boston Strangler", "slug_title": "l-etrangleur-de-boston", "date": "1968-10-08", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Boston, 1962. Une vieille femme est retrouv\u00e9e \u00e9trangl\u00e9e \u00e0 son domicile. Les mobiles du crime sont inexplicables. Au cours des deux ann\u00e9es suivantes, douze autres femmes sont assassin\u00e9es dans des circonstances similaires. Le procureur g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Bottomly est d\u00e9sign\u00e9 pour prendre l'affaire en main. Un jour, Alberto DiSalvo, un modeste ouvrier, est arr\u00eat\u00e9 par la police pour avoir p\u00e9n\u00e9tr\u00e9 dans un appartement par effraction...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lwPsUCELqXBC3cwfuHmL8jQM4Gu.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Curtis (Albert DeSalvo)", "Henry Fonda (John S. Bottomly)", "George Kennedy (Det. Phil DiNatale)", "Mike Kellin (Julian Soshnick)", "Hurd Hatfield (Terence Huntley)", "Murray Hamilton (Det. Frank McAfee)", "Jeff Corey (John Asgeirsson)", "Sally Kellerman (Dianne Cluny)", "William Marshall (Atty. Gen. Edward W. Brooke)", "George Voskovec (Peter Hurkos)", "Leora Dana (Mary Bottomly)", "Carolyn Conwell (Irmgard DeSalvo)", "Jeanne Cooper (Cloe)", "Austin Willis (Dr. Nagy)", "Lara Lindsay (Bobbie Eden)", "George Furth (Lyonel Brumley)", "Richard X. Slattery (Det. Capt. Ed Willis)", "William Hickey (Eugene T. O'Rourke)", "Eve Collyer (Ellen Ridgeway)", "Gwyda Donhowe (Alice Oakville)", "Alex Dreier (News Commentator)", "John Cameron Swayze (T.V. Narrator)", "Shelley Burton (David Parker)", "Elizabeth Baur (Harriet Fordin)", "James Brolin (Det. Sgt. Phil Lisi)", "George Tyne (Dr. Kramer)", "Dana Elcar (Luis Schubert)", "William Traylor (Arnie Carr)", "Carole Shelley (Dana Banks)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Impressive procedural skin crawler.\r\n\r\nIt's a very impressive film from start to finish, the cast are excellent, George Kennedy & Henry Fonda portray the men pursuing the culprit with much believability, with enough moments of frustration and revulsion brought to life with style.\r\n\r\nOf course this is Tony Curtis's show all the way, though, he is all bulked up and nothing like the handsome icon that people had grown accustomed to. He is convincingly menacing and handles the dual personality confusion scenes adroitly. One of the films' chief plus points is that the first hour only shows us the aftermath of the murders, it shows the desperate panic it creates among the people of Boston, and of course we get to know the detectives following this miserable trail.\r\n\r\nAt the hour mark we are introduced to Tony Curtis as Albert De Salvo, here he is in his family home, his daughter all radiant around her father, it's a masterstroke from director Richard Fleischer, and it creates maximum impact. The use of multi screens to show various aspects of scenes is deft and manages to make the film seem all too real, which of course is given weight of impact since it is based on actual events.\r\n\r\nSmashing film that gnaws away at the skin some time after the silent credits have rolled. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [116314, 423179, 368432, 120506]}