{"tmdb_id": 26715, "title": "Bitch Slap", "original_title": "Bitch Slap", "slug_title": "bitch-slap", "date": "2009-05-16", "genre": "Drame / Action / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Crime", "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "\"Bitch Slap\" suit le braquage foireux de 3 bad girls (une stripteaseuse sur le d\u00e9clin, une tueuse shoot\u00e9e \u00e0 l'h\u00e9ro\u00efne et une agent secret) en plein d\u00e9sert am\u00e9ricain. Ces trois maniaques vont par surprise \u00eatre confront\u00e9es \u00e0 une autre bande de d\u00e9jant\u00e9s qui souhaitent eux aussi s'emparer du butin du modeste bar, cible des deux clans. Munies d'armes impressionnantes, c'est dans une bataille sans merci et sous nos yeux \u00e9bahis que ces guerri\u00e8res du far-west vont en mettre plein la tronche \u00e0 leurs adversaires. Le foutraque est \u00e9galement annonc\u00e9 comme sanglant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yNP1F40DeaCagJjQ2Qw53jVLR52.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Voth (Trixie)", "Erin Cummings (Hel)", "America Olivo (Camero)", "Michael Hurst (Gage)", "Kevin Sorbo (Mr. Phoenix)", "Lucy Lawless (Mother Superior)", "Renee O'Connor (Sister Batrill)", "Ron Melendez (Deputy Fuchs)", "Zo\u00eb Bell (Rawhide)", "Minae Noji (Kinki)", "William Gregory Lee (Hot Wire)", "Dennis Keiffer (MacDaddy)", "Debbie Lee Carrington (Hot Pocket)", "Robert Mammana (Prison Guard John)", "Jim Klock (Officer Spanky With a 'Tude)", "Danny Nero (Officer Big Gun McFluff)", "Christine Nguyen (Nasty Nubile Escort)", "Krystal Badia (Sister Sara)", "Carlo Mendez (Mercenary Leader)", "Sabine Varnes (Bathroom Bitch Varla)", "Eurlyne Epper (Bathroom Bitch Rosie)", "Justin Kornmann (Mercenary Rebel Yell)", "Brian Peck (Wrong Place - Wrong Time)", "Carla Collins (Here Comes The Bride)", "Astrid Swan (Lady Liberty)", "Bianca Barnett (Harem Hussie Code Red)", "Aisha Cain (Harem Aussie Code Blue)", "Karen Austin (Narrator)", "Jennifer Miller (Lap Vixen Thumper)", "Rick Jacobson (Horndog)", "Mark Lutz (Deiter von Vondervon)", "Scott Hanley (Black Ice)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "fasm1976", "content": "BOOBS CLEAVAGE GUNS PUNCH-UPS!! Erin Cummings is GORGEOUS!!! Worth seeing no matter what! Awesome girl on girl lesbian scenes n the BEST girl on girl punch up EVER!"}, {"pseudo": "boobfan", "content": "**_Russ Meyer meets Frank Miller_**\r\n\r\nI had read a lot of bad reviews recommending not wasting time watching this movie, but I have to honestly say that **I really enjoyed _\"Bitch Slap\"_**. I think you have to take the movie as what it is and what it is intended to be, an homage to the 1950s-70s B movies mixing hot girls, fast cars, foul language, and outrageous action.\r\nAnd cleavage, of course, tons of jaw-dropping shots of double-D cleavage.\r\n\r\nThe **story** is indeed a bit flat, but **never boring** and has quite a few surprises due to its non-linear storytelling. \r\n\r\n**Visually the movie is stunning**. The mix of slow-motion shots and fast paced scenes is superb and it is extremely well edited. Overall it reminded me a bit of Zack Snyder's adaptation of Frank Miller's 300. (No, I am not joking.)\r\n\r\nIt is in deed a kind of a modern remake of the infamous Russ Meyer movie \"**Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!**\" from 1965 in the style of a Frank Miller comic.\r\n\r\nThe three main female characters - a dark-haired stripper, a feisty red-head and a psychopathic blonde - are cleverly chosen and perfectly portrait by Julia Voth, Erin Cummings, and America Olivo. The acting is not what you would expect from a self-declared B movie - it is actually very good - and the change from serious acting to comical performance is well done. \r\nBut what stands out are the **stunning cat-fights** and **steamy love scenes**. Stunt Choreographer Zoe Bell has done a marvelous job as the fight scenes look gorgeous. \r\n\r\n_Bitch Slap_ is definitely not a movie you want to watch together with your wife at movie night, but if you like hot girls with over-the-top cleavage, sexy outfits, well choreographed cat-fights, and have a stomach for the sometimes graphical violence then you will enjoy this movie.\r\n\r\nI for sure did - even if I was maybe more staring than actually watching. **It was a lot of fun!**"}], "recommandations_id": [1872, 48809, 18238, 10114]}