{"tmdb_id": 267192, "title": "Genius", "original_title": "Genius", "slug_title": "genius", "date": "2016-06-10", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9crivain \u00e0 la personnalit\u00e9 hors du commun, Thomas Wolfe est r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9 par le grand \u00e9diteur Maxwell Perkins, qui a d\u00e9couvert F. Scott Fitzgerald et Ernest Hemingway. Wolfe ne tarde pas \u00e0 conna\u00eetre la c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9, s\u00e9duisant les critiques gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 son talent litt\u00e9raire fulgurant.  Malgr\u00e9 leurs diff\u00e9rences, l'auteur et son \u00e9diteur nouent une amiti\u00e9 profonde, complexe et tendre, qui marquera leur vie \u00e0 jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lPA5i6Ms7D14cB8TXtHsGOdzzld.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Firth (Max Perkins)", "Jude Law (Thomas Wolfe)", "Nicole Kidman (Aline Bernstein)", "Laura Linney (Louise Saunders)", "Guy Pearce (F. Scott Fitzgerald)", "Dominic West (Ernest Hemingway)", "Vanessa Kirby (Zelda Fitzgerald)", "Demetri Goritsas (John Wheelock)", "Harry Attwell (Assistant Editor)", "Angela Ashton (Bertha Perkins)", "Eve Bracken (Zippy Perkins)", "Gillian Hanna (Julia Wolfe)", "Corey Johnson (John Wheelock)", "Miquel Brown (Eleanor, Perkins' Maid)", "Rosy Benjamin (Scribner's Staff)", "Elaine Caulfield (Mabel Wolfe)", "Richard Dempsey (Director)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Behind a great writer, there's a genius editor!**\r\n\r\nI felt the title 'Genius' was not appropriate for how the story revolved in the film. It was more like a commitment and priority given to those undertaking than any other stuffs and that's why it looked like a genius from others eyes. Though I won't deny the experience always comes very handy. This film tells the story of ant editor and how he meets one of the best writers of his time. But they two together give the literature world some masterpiece works and that's the tale the film very genuinely presented to us.\r\n\r\nThis story takes place around the 1930s. An enthusiastic writer and a genius editor develop a strong bond, especially from their professional, but it goes beyond that. When both the families struggle while these two men completely dissolved with their works. So the takes from different angles about the different issues nicely revealed.\r\n\r\nThis biographical film is nothing short for any inspiration if you are looking for some. If you are a book lover, then this is not to be missed, especially if you have read the books by Thomas Wolfe. It's unbelievable that the film was made by a first time director. The actors, including the Colin Firth and Jude Law in the major roles was exceptionally good. We have seen many great films about the authors, so for a difference this film focused on an editor. It stands on the line of Bryan Cranston's 'Trumbo'. I hope you won't miss it, because it is so good if you appreciate the real life achievers, even those standing behind someone's achievements.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [353326, 326285, 316152, 291351]}