{"tmdb_id": 267480, "title": "The Look of Silence", "original_title": "The Look of Silence", "slug_title": "the-look-of-silence", "date": "2014-08-30", "genre": ["Histoire / Documentaire"], "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Une famille rescap\u00e9e du g\u00e9nocide indon\u00e9sien de 1965 d\u00e9couvre, \u00e0 travers des images tourn\u00e9es par Joshua Oppenheimer, la mani\u00e8re dont leur fils a \u00e9t\u00e9 assassin\u00e9 ainsi que l\u2019identit\u00e9 des meurtriers. Adi, le plus jeune de la fratrie n\u00e9 juste apr\u00e8s les massacres, est r\u00e9solu \u00e0 briser le tabou du silence et de la peur. Ophtalmo itin\u00e9rant, il profite de ses tourn\u00e9es pour confronter les responsables du meurtre de son fr\u00e8re \u2013 une chose inimaginable dans un pays o\u00f9 les assassins sont encore au pouvoir. Tourn\u00e9 juste avant la sortie de The Act Of Killing, nomin\u00e9 \u00e0 l\u2019Oscar du meilleur documentaire et dont la sortie avait provoqu\u00e9 un choc politique en Indon\u00e9sie, The Look Of Silence en est le compl\u00e9ment indispensable. Ensemble ces deux films initient autant qu\u2019ils portent t\u00e9moignage de l\u2019effondrement de cinquante ans de silence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u1G9PZlHzqBNvdSmjFPQLMVIHV3.jpg", "actors": ["Adi Rukun (Himself, brother of murdered Ramli Rukun)", "M.Y. Basrun (Himself, former commander of a civilian militia)", "Amir Hasan (Himself, former leader of death squad (archive footage))", "Inong (Himself, former leader the village death squad)", "Kemat (Himself, survivor from Snake River massacre)", "Joshua Oppenheimer (Himself (voice) (as Josh))", "Amir Siahaan (Himself, former commander of Snake River death squads)", "Ted Yates (Himself, reporter, NBC News (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Filmmaker Joshua Oppenheimer was instrumental in delivering one of the most harrowing and heart-breaking documentaries in 2013\u2019s The Act of Killing. As an impressive result of the critically acclaimed documentarian\u2019s  gut-wrenching narrative, The Act of Killing deservedly earned an Academy Award nomination for its unsettling truth and revelation.  Killing concentrated on the frightening accounts involving the 1965 Indonesian genocide of over one million slaughtered people earmarked with \u201ccommunist\u201d labeling. \r\n\r\nWell Oppenheimer \u2018s The Act of Killing astutely offers a charged follow-up to this tremendous tragic tale with the revealing and devastatingly  insightful The Look of Silence. The sentimental cynicism is pretty much as unbelievable and incredulous as previously uncovered in Killing. This time, however, Oppenheimer does not focus on the mass destruction of imperiled human beings whose victimization can be traced to the Indonesian government. Instead, he approaches the subject matter on a more personalized, individual level as he emphasizes one specific casualty\u2014the late Ramli Rukun and his family left to ponder the senseless loss of life and love.  \r\n\r\nThe Look of Silence is one of those rare observational sequel -minded documentaries demonstrating a genuine psychological impact despite originally making its familiar mark in the first installment.  Anytime the showcasing of jeopardized humanity is profiled it is always an automatic cause to feel enraged and emotionally invested in the outrageous aftermath of the storm. Well Oppenheimer revisits the pain, resentment and frustration in The Look of Silence with convincing empowerment.\r\n\r\nIn The Look of Silence, Oppenheimer explores the regrets and quiet rage in the aftermath of Ramli\u2019s sadistic murder and gives undivided attention to the deceased victim\u2019s ophthalmologist brother Adi. Adi, not born yet when his brother Ramli suffers at the sinister hands of his executioners five decades ago, undergoes a tactical mission to approach his departed sibling\u2019s tormentors through eye exam visitations. If anything, Adi learns of the pride his brother\u2019s butchers took in claiming his life. More shocking is the fact that these now old-time killers are revered as heroes and have the audacity to live among the common folks whom they probably would have eradicated in their heyday back in the mid 60\u2019s.\r\n\r\nNaturally, silence is golden and in spite of the unshakable atrocities perpetrated on the million people that were sacrificed in the name of sanctioned governmental scrutiny it was expected that survivors and other citizens hold their tongues and simply go with the flow. This is why Adi\u2019s unassuming confrontation of Ramli\u2019s killers feels so radical because he dared to face the menacing messengers of evil through the guise of eyesight testing. For Adi to demand the truth and literally and figuratively see through the ruthless eyes of icy murderers that wear their deadly shame with honor is indeed quite unimaginable and challenging.\r\n\r\nIn questioning the matured monsters\u2019 motivation for silencing the countless sufferers they actually treasured in partaking in the nostalgic nihilism, Adi unravels the murderous mystery while witnessing the twisted joy of reminiscences that these pathetic patients of his puts forth. The question remains: did Adi really accomplish anything in his quest to unearth the horrific stories behind his brother\u2019s demise and that of other unfortunate souls lost in such national man-made destruction? Sadly, there seems to be no remorse or recourse for retaliation concerning the broken hearts of those that perished in such hopelessness. \r\n\r\nOppenheimer does his share of showing some inquisitive fortitude as well.  For instance, his interaction with Ramli\u2019s severely aging parents tells of the everlasting bitterness and disgust they still maintain for a country that has turned a blind eye to the historical horror show for which their beloved son paid a hefty price. It does not help the cause that they live in the shadows of such criminal proportions that their unapologetic nation refused to repudiate with political sorrow. Also, Oppenheimer manages to confront Ramli\u2019s actual killers and curiously they revel in glee as they recall fondly the termination of an individual that meant nothing more to them then a routine contracted killing--an eye on the prize if you will.\r\n\r\nAbsorbingly compelling and contemplative, The Look of Silence proves one thing that the act of repentance is not on any given eye chart of those powerfully ominous societal misfits vehemently refusing to visualize the ugliness of inhumanity even through a redemptive set of fresh new lenses.\r\n\r\nTHE LOOK OF SILENCE (2015)\r\n\r\nDrafthouse Films\r\n\r\nWritten and Directed by: Joshua Oppenheimer\r\n\r\n1 hr. 43 mins.\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Documentary\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s Rating: *** \u00bd stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n--Frank Ochieng"}], "recommandations_id": [123678, 319067, 317952, 84170], "youtube_key": "aA_ZHAs4M9k"}