{"tmdb_id": 267441, "title": "Speck", "original_title": "Speck", "slug_title": "speck", "date": "2002-10-01", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/djV1RhePtNOaInOYjUoQrn3hU0Q.jpg", "actors": ["Doug Cole (Richard Speck)", "Beverly Sotelo (Corazon Amurao)", "Stacy Cunningham (Patricia Matusek)", "Flynn Beck (Gloria Davy)", "Kaycee Shank (Pamela Wilkening)", "Sunny Lombardo (Nina Schmale)", "Debra Mayer (Ella Mae)", "Olimpia Fernandez (Nurse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Cinematic chronicling of the Richard Speck nursing dorm murders\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2002 and directed by Keith Walley, \u201cSpeck\u201d stars Doug Cole as the real-life mass murderer, Richard Speck, who savagely terrorized nine nursing students at a townhouse functioning as a dormitory in south Chicago, 1966. He murdered eight of them one-by-one. The ninth woman (Beverly Sotelo) only managed to survive by hiding under a bed while Speck was out of the room. In his drug-addled state the killer probably lost count. The woman\u2019s witness was key in capturing the man with the crude forearm tattoo that read: \u201cBorn to raise hell.\u201d\r\n\r\nThe topic is distasteful, to say the least, but the movie effectively chronicles the events of late night July 13, 1966. Although this is a low-budget independent flick, it\u2019s competently made with quality actors. The score is one-note disturbing and haunting while the tone is dream-like, thoroughly austere and horrific. The murderer\u2019s narration throughout by Cole is akin to Willard\u2019s narration in \u201cApocalypse Now\u201d (1979). It\u2019s based on the real-life Speck\u2019s blatherings combined with that of other renown murderers as well (e.g. Dahmer) and no doubt the writers' imagination. Regardless, the well-written sociopathic verbiage successfully puts you in the mind of the slayer and doesn\u2019t cop-out in regards to psychological scrutiny. In short, the narration boldly unveils the awful truth and is expertly delivered by Cole; the movie should be commended for this.\r\n\r\nThe only thing that holds \u201cSpeck\u201d back is the one-dimensional story itself. The first hour is comprised of the thug\u2019s invasion of the townhouse, his terrorizing of the girls and their systematic murders. The compelling final act records the aftermath and ultimate apprehension. It\u2019s all thoroughly convincing, but not entertaining in the manner of, say, the Friday the 13th flicks, probably because the producers intended \u201cSpeck\u201d to be a wholly realistic account of the true murders; and it is. The Friday the 13th movies are sometimes fun and the murders can even be amusing; not so here.\r\n\r\nSpeck was finally electrocuted to death 25 years after his crime in 1991 (WAY too long of a wait for justice). Concerning his murderous transgressions, he said: \u201cI had no feelings at all that night. They said there was blood all over the place. I can't remember. It felt like nothing ... I'm sorry as hell; for those girls and for their families, and for me. If I had to do it over again, it would be a simple house burglary.\" He was a thoroughly sick bastage who unfortunately descended into depravity in prison, a sad waste of human potential, but at least he honestly admitted that he was sorry for what he did.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 79 minutes. The script was written by Don Adams & Aaron Pope.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B- (6.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": []}