{"tmdb_id": 267860, "title": "La Chute de Londres", "original_title": "London Has Fallen", "slug_title": "la-chute-de-londres", "date": "2016-03-02", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Les plus grands leaders du monde occidental sont attendus \u00e0 Londres aux fun\u00e9railles du Premier ministre britannique, mort dans des circonstances plus que douteuses. Mais ce qui avait commenc\u00e9 comme l'\u00e9v\u00e8nement le plus s\u00e9curis\u00e9 de la plan\u00e8te tourne rapidement au d\u00e9sastre. Cible d\u2019un complot terroriste, la capitale anglaise est mise \u00e0 feu et \u00e0 sang et la plupart des chefs d'\u00e9tat faits prisonniers. Seuls ont pu s'\u00e9chapper le pr\u00e9sident am\u00e9ricain et l'agent secret Mike Banning, qui vont devoir \u00e0 la fois combattre pour survivre et mettre fin aux agissements des terroristes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1C9NP08gfjSIJOTuEg0UI7ZOuTL.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (Mike Banning)", "Aaron Eckhart (President Benjamin Asher)", "Morgan Freeman (Vice President Alan Trumbull)", "Angela Bassett (Lynne Jacobs)", "Melissa Leo (Secretary of Defense Ruth McMillan)", "Robert Forster (General Edward Clegg)", "Shivani Ghai (Amal Mansoor)", "Sean O'Bryan (NSA Deputy Director Ray Monroe)", "Radha Mitchell (Leah Banning)", "Jackie Earle Haley (Deputy Chief Mason)", "Charlotte Riley (MI6 Jacquelin Marshall)", "Mehdi Dehbi (Sultan Mansoor)", "Colin Salmon (Chief Hazard)", "Alon Aboutboul (Aamir Barkawi)", "Jorge Leon Martinez (Secret Service)", "Waleed Zuaiter (Kamran Barkawi)", "Adel Bencherif (Raza Mansoor)", "Michael Wildman (Agent Voight)", "Penny Downie (Home Secretary Rose Kenter)", "Patrick Kennedy (MI5 Intel John Lancaster)", "Deborah Grant (Doris)", "Andrew Pleavin (Agent Bronson)", "Nigel Whitmey (Canadian Prime Minister Robert Bowman)", "Julia Montgomery Brown (Bowman's Wife)", "Elsa Mollien (Viviana Gusto)", "Philip Delancy (Jacques Mainard)", "Nikesh Patel (Pradhan)", "Nancy Baldwin (German Chancellor Agnes Bruckner)", "Terence Beesley (Fire Dept. Head)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> From an action packed flick to a game mode!\r\n\r\nThe first film was a decent entertainer, I kind of liked that and a box office hit as well. So the producers saw an opportunity to bring another film and yep, this film did slightly better than the original, but the product was qualityless. The graphics were just okay, but overall very poor in those blow-up scenes which were the most essential for a theme like this.\r\n\r\nNot all, though some of the action sequences were terrible and the story was very weak. In fact, there's no story, the whole film was an action- thriller just like the previous film. But that's how this theme revolves, yet as a one, it is a bit disappointing follow-up without surprises. Anyway, I'm with the original film director who backed out of the project for giving him a bad script to direct.\r\n\r\nSo the London is the latest victim of the plot for the US president's assassination. Particularly this 2nd part looked so much more alike a computer game than actors who are exhibiting their roles. Like the London is a battlefield and level after level the story making its progress till the game over, but we know who wins in the end. I don't know whose performance was much better, because I did not find anyone with par to appreciate.\r\n\r\nWhat this film did at the box office was a miracle, so I don't think the filmmakers go for another script anytime soon. But if they do, I'm wondering which capitol would be the next victim of a terror attack. Expecting Tokyo or Canberra, especially Mumbai would be an ideal location. This is not a bad film, you can try it once, but watching it like sitting next to who's with xbox joystick.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_If Olympus Has Fallen_ wasn't big enough and dumb enough for you, try _London Has Fallen_!\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [117263, 249070, 117251, 300671]}