{"tmdb_id": 267900, "title": "Sieben Ohrfeigen", "original_title": "Sieben Ohrfeigen", "slug_title": "sieben-ohrfeigen", "date": "1937-08-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Young William Tenson MacPhab\u2019s stock portfolio has crashed like the housing market in 21st Century Nevada and he\u2019s lost a whole Seven Pounds.  And like many an investor, who left his investment decisions in the hands of others, Tenson holds Astor Terbanks, a steel magnate, responsible for Tenson\u2019s stupid investment decisions.  Through a trick, he manages to get an appointment with the steel magnate, but when the latter hears he\u2019s only lost Seven Pounds, he has his stupid ass thrown out.  Now Tenson is bent on revenge.  Apparently having nothing to do with his life and suffering from some psychological problems as well as being stupid, he takes an ad out in the paper threatening to give the old steel king seven slaps in the coming week to teach him a lesson in respect.  Terbank\u2019s daughter Daisy is horrified by this threat from the loon and does everything to protect her father.  It\u2019s all in vain:  Her father gets slapped every day, and every day, it makes headlines.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qvycOFiwshkobowQB5GboAAp8pZ.jpg", "actors": ["Lilian Harvey (Daisy Terbanks)", "Willy Fritsch (William Tenson MacPhab)", "Oskar Sima (Wennington Laskett)", "Alfred Abel (Astor Terbanks)", "Ernst Legal (Mr. Strawman)", "Ernst Behmer (Bankangestellter)", "Erich Fiedler (Ernie Earl of Wigglebottom)", "Erwin Biegel ()", "Josef Reithofer (Detektiv)", "Otto Stoeckel (3. Bankdirektor)", "Georg H. Schnell (Dr. Lorenz)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}