{"tmdb_id": 267999, "title": "White God", "original_title": "Feh\u00e9r Isten", "slug_title": "white-god", "date": "2014-06-12", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "\"Pour favoriser les chiens de race, le gouvernement inflige \u00e0 la population une lourde taxe sur les b\u00e2tards. Leurs propri\u00e9taires s\u2019en d\u00e9barrassent, les refuges sont surpeupl\u00e9s. Lili, 13 ans, adore son chien Hagen, mais son p\u00e8re l\u2019abandonne dans la rue. Tandis que Lili le cherche dans toute la ville, Hagen, livr\u00e9 \u00e0 lui-m\u00eame, d\u00e9couvre la cruaut\u00e9 des hommes. Il rejoint une bande de chiens errants pr\u00eats \u00e0 fomenter une r\u00e9volte contre les hommes. Leur vengeance sera sans piti\u00e9. Lili est peut-\u00eatre la seule \u00e0 pouvoir arr\u00eater cette guerre.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ebXEcFAv4ivMjzFsbdxOEUwSLGq.jpg", "actors": ["Zs\u00f3fia Psotta (Lili)", "Luke (Hagen)", "Body (Hagen)", "S\u00e1ndor Zs\u00f3t\u00e9r (D\u00e1niel)", "Thur\u00f3czy Szabolcs (Old man)", "Lili Monori (Bev)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 G\u00e1lffi (Conductor)", "Lili Horv\u00e1th (Anya)", "K\u00e1roly Ascher (P\u00e9ter)", "Gergely B\u00e1nki (Dog-catcher #1)", "Erika Bodn\u00e1r (Neighbour)", "Tam\u00e1s Polg\u00e1r (Dog-catcher #2)", "Vanda Verle (Trixi)", "J\u00e1nos Derzsi (Homeless man)", "Nagy Ervin (Butcher)", "Ferenc Lakatos (Dick)", "Bence Csepeli (Diamond)", "Kriszti\u00e1n Vranik (Butcher's assistant)", "Korn\u00e9l Mundrucz\u00f3 (Afghan)", "Andr\u00e1s R\u00e9thelyi (Garbage collector)", "Hans van Vliet (Iv\u00e1n)", "Andr\u00e1s Hidv\u00e9gi (Man at dog pound)", "Orsolya T\u00f3th (Girl at dog pound / Band in pub)", "Natasa Stork (Woman at dog pound)", "Edit Frajt (Police woman)", "Vir\u00e1g Marjai (Older woman shopping)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 Melis (Bookmaker)", "Csaba Faix (TV presenter)", "Kata W\u00e9ber (Band in pub)", "Kiss Di\u00e1na Magdolna (Band in pub)", "J\u00e1nos Szemenyei (Band in pub)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 Katona (Band in pub / Waiter)", "Gerg\u0151 B\u00e1nki (Band in pub)", "Roland R\u00e1ba (Band in pub / Door man #1)", "Ruby Ben Eli (Dog fight manager)", "Mikl\u00f3s Hajd\u00fa (Doctor at dog fights)", "Zolt\u00e1n Simon (Security guard)", "Dalma Berger (Band at club)", "D\u00e1niel S\u00e1ndor (Band at club)", "Gergely Kov\u00e1cs (Band at club)", "S\u00e1ndor Terhes (Policeman #1)", "Attila M\u00f3kos (Fighting dog owner)", "Attila Kasvinszky (Commando)", "Bal\u00e1zs Temesv\u00e1ri (Man at dog fights)", "Gera Marina (Woman at dog fights)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The day when the dogs stopped wagging their tails.\r\n\r\nThis movie was a tricky one, because everyone cannot understand and everyone cannot enjoy it. In this modern world, the computer graphics are easily available to illude the audience, so who would still use the silly old practical trickery in a film making. Must have been the hard work to manage plenty of the dogs during the shooting. But I believe there are hardly any major CGI works other than the bluescreen works. If you get the movie, then that's fine, if not, you may get some ideas through this review. Before proceeding I just want to alert the readers the review might contain some spoilers which is not measured.\r\n\r\nThe Hungary's entry for the last concluded Oscars. The movie talks about a girl Lili in her early teenage, aspiring musician and her mixed breed dog name Hagen. When a circumstance forces them apart, the individual life journey begins for both of them. The girl becomes rebellious towards her father and the dog towards the human society like a piece of iron bar pulled away from the magnet. Will they unite again? Is the rest of the story with the breathtaking second half.\r\n\r\nThis dark fantasy (like dark comedy) film was like the old days, like the black and white beast or the monster films similar to 'King Kong' and others, where animals can think like humans, execute like humans, but still not a fairytale nor the science fiction. Because sci-fi applies theoretical probabilities, animal psychology et cetera, while fairytale is a magic. It will come between sci-fi and fantasy, most likely an adult version of the fantasy tale. Comparing it with 'Birds' is one hundred per cent not agreeable, because unlike the dogs, the birds' behaviours were unknown. But 'Conquest of the Planet of the Apes' was the closest one, and you can compare Caesar with Hagen.\r\n\r\nIt does not end there, I believe you all have seen the last year's genuinely written screenplay 'Lucy'. You may wonder why this comparison, because this film is about dogs, yet the title strangely pronounced as 'God'. What I understood was that Hagen was drugged with cocaine (white powder) like the blue powder in the other film and he started to change his personality. So that explains the coke was the 'White God' and the rest follows the story of revenge, leadership and ultimately the revolution.\r\n\r\n> \"It's hard to lose someone you love.\r\n> Things don't work out the way we imagined.\"\r\n\r\nOff the record: Most of us know that the dogs are derived from the wolves. Yet they have lost the freedom compared to a few centuries ago who walked freely on the human streets. Every dog must have a master/owner or it will be put to sleep rather keeping and feeding them forever in the dog pound. So I think dogs are suffering more than the apes and they deserved the revolution (according to this film).\r\n\r\nAnimal abuse was highlighted in the movie. The story was descended from there and what happens if they takeover us is the movie's view. One of the weirdest movie of the year, but different and good. If you ever had a dog, you will know they were adorable, even in the violent scenes. Because they were just playing, but that does not the case for children and those who never been with dogs. Every shot that had dogs were cleverly achieved, the outcome was very convincing.\r\n\r\nI have heard the crew used two brothers for the Hagen role. They both were awesome, equals to any main human characters from the movie. Another 250 mixed-breed stray dogs were participated in the film making and later most of them were adopted. Believe me the movie was a good one, but some people had a hard time accepting the oddity of the theme. It won a couple of awards at Cannes film festival, including one for the Hagen's character performance.\r\n\r\nThe Hungarian film industry to make into the international level, they should take the cue from this success and must bring the sequel with a broader cast. Nowadays, experimental movies like this are welcomed by the moviegoers around the globe. Definitely, an interesting story with the striking scenes and dialogues would make everyone turn toward the eastern Europe. Obviously I recommend this one, but never expect the style of Hollywood, it had approached its own way to give a pleasing movie.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [265180, 64611, 110390, 325428]}