{"tmdb_id": 26805, "title": "Night Editor", "original_title": "Night Editor", "slug_title": "night-editor", "date": "1946-03-29", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Un inspecteur de police corrompu decide de se racheter.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/joxXfQ3FqyXndcKOFzBgm4pjyf5.jpg", "actors": ["William Gargan (Tony Cochrane)", "Janis Carter (Jill Merrill)", "Jeff Donnell (Martha Cochrane)", "Coulter Irwin (Johnny)", "Charles D. Brown (Crane Stewart)", "Paul E. Burns (Ole Strom)", "Harry Shannon (Capt. Lawrence)", "Frank Wilcox (Douglas Loring)", "Robert Kellard ('Doc' Cochrane (as Robert Stevens))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You are worse than blood poisoning!\r\n\r\nNight Editor is directed by Henry Levin and adapted to screenplay by Hal Smith from the radio program of the same name - by Hal Burdick - and the short story, Inside Story, written by Scott Littleton. It stars William Gargan, Janis Carter, Jeff Donnell, Coulter Irwin and Charles D. Brown. Cinematography is by Burnett Guffey and Philip Tannura, and music is credited to Mischa Bakaleinikoff, though it's believed that Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco did the work.\r\n\r\n\"You are just no good for me. We both add up to zero\"\r\n\r\nA raging \"B\" pic out of Columbia? Absolutely! This is something of a film noir lovers delight. There is no getting away from the fact it has one of those endings that has proved to be divisive, so how it stacks up for first time viewers now may make or break your opinion of it...\r\n\r\nStory finds copper Tony Cochrane (Gargan) having a love affair with viper like Jill Merrill (Carter), this in spite of the fact he has a gorgeous loving wife and a son who worships him. During one of the illicit couple's love trysts they witness a violent murder, and fearing scandal Cochrane fails to uphold the law. From such decisions does life often spiral out of control...\r\n\r\nOkies. So we got hot and sweaty scenes, flashbacks, wet streets lit by lamps, alleyways, barely lighted rooms - particularly the station offices - symbolic and metaphorical sequences (oh my those crashing waves), but it's the barbed dialogue, the blend of sex and violence, and a femme fatale of considerable greatness, that ultimately makes this soar.\r\n\r\nPersonally I hate the ending, but as stated before, I do know noir lovers who find it cheeky and enjoyable. Yet even with my irritation at the finale - and of Carter's hair style (which pushes Phyllis Dietrichson for most unflattering look), there's just so much good here for noir lovers not to enjoy greatly. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38964, 28146, 33843, 30102]}