{"tmdb_id": 268060, "title": "Road to Paloma", "original_title": "Road to Paloma", "slug_title": "road-to-paloma", "date": "2014-04-12", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "En fuite apr\u00e8s avoir veng\u00e9 le meurtre de sa m\u00e8re, un homme va d\u00e9couvrir que la justice a un prix.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dXfNkgzM9dMObZojreiVg9fprxn.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Momoa (Robert Wolf)", "Robert Homer Mollohan (Cash Guirgis)", "Lisa Bonet (Magdalena)", "Michael Raymond-James (Irish)", "Chris Browning (Schaeffer)", "Timothy V. Murphy (FBI Agent Williams)", "Sarah Shahi (Eva)", "Wes Studi (Numay)", "Lance Henriksen (FBI Agent Kelly)", "Henree Alyse (Totonka girl #1)", "Kelly Noonan (Hazel)", "Tye Alexander (Todd)", "Charlie Brumbly (Chuck)", "Linden Chiles (Bob)", "James Mendoza (Tucker)", "James Harvey Ward (Billy)", "Steve Reevis (Totonka)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Two men with their motorcycles.**\r\n\r\nFine characters and the theme, but could not get the best out of it. The film was slow, though that's the way of it. The story seems very interesting, but that continued from the earlier event which the film did not cover. So it was built on that about a native American who avenged his mother's death and now on the run, chased by an FBI agent. At some point they are going to encounter and what happens then is what puts the end to this narration.\r\n\r\nJason Momoa starred, written, produced and directed the film. I'm really impressed by the attempt, but the film is not going to be enjoyed by everyone. It's a road movie, cross country journey, but filled with more drama than the bike ride or the roadside views. That's fine because it was about the family, and the native Americans who are still suffering from the outrageous acts committed by some of the white men.\r\n\r\nThe narration lacked the appeal, because of the dullness in its scenes. But still there some very good scenes. So it feels more like a TV film and the viewers with no expectation could have a decent time. The end disappointed me, because the rest of the story was developed from the one side, that makes you are forced to believe whatever the film says. You will never have your point of view on what the film deals. If you compromise on that, it will be a better film for you.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [88863, 143942, 191824, 249266], "youtube_key": "Srho0Gln7bs"}