{"tmdb_id": 26811, "title": "Le train des \u00e9pouvantes", "original_title": "Dr. Terror's House of Horrors", "slug_title": "le-train-des-epouvantes", "date": "1965-02-23", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Cinq \u00e9trangers \u00e0 bord du train sont reli\u00e9s par une diseuse de bonne aventure myst\u00e9rieuse qui leur propose de lire leurs cartes de Tarot. Cinq histoires distinctes se d\u00e9roulent: Un architecte retourne \u00e0 son domicile ancestral pour trouver un loup-garou assoiff\u00e9 de vengeance, un m\u00e9decin d\u00e9couvre que sa nouvelle femme est un vampire, une plante envahie une maison, un musicien s'implique avec le vaudou, un critique d'art est poursuivi par une main d\u00e9sincarn\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5SDsE3InbilcTnIBxxU5yt2IN4j.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Cushing (Dr. Sandor Schreck (segment \"Dr. Terror\"))", "Christopher Lee (Franklyn Marsh (segment \"Disembodied Hand\"))", "Donald Sutherland (Bob Carroll (segment \"Vampire\"))", "Bernard Lee (Hopkins (segment \"Creeping Vine\"))", "Neil McCallum (Jim Dawson (segment 1 \"Werewolf\"))", "Peter Madden (Caleb (segment 1 \"Werewolf\"))", "Ursula Howells (Mrs. Deirdre Biddulph (segment 1 \"Werewolf\"))", "Katy Wild (Valda (segment 1 \"Werewolf\"))", "Edward Underdown (Tod (segment 1 \"Werewolf\"))", "Ann Bell (Ann Rogers (segment \"Creeping Vine\"))", "Alan Freeman (Bill Rogers (segment 2 \"Creeping Vine\"))", "Jeremy Kemp (Jerry Drake (segment 2 \"Creeping Vine\"))", "Phoebe Nicholls (Carol Rogers (segment 2 \"Creeping Vine\"))", "Roy Castle (Biff Bailey (segment 3 \"Voodoo\"))", "Kenny Lynch (Sammy Coin (segment 3 \"Voodoo\"))", "Harold Lang (Roy Shine (segment 3 \"Voodoo\"))", "Christopher Carlos (Vrim (segment 3 \"Voodoo\"))", "Max Adrian (Dr. Blake (segment \"Vampire\"))", "Jennifer Jayne (Nicolle (segment \"Vampire\"))", "Michael Gough (Eric Landor (segment \"Disembodied Hand\"))", "Isla Blair (Pretty Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Five characters in search of a station.\r\n\r\nFive strangers on board a train and are joined by the mysterious Dr Shreck, he's a fortune teller and offers to read their Tarot cards.\r\n\r\nFive men, five stories, Werewolf, The Creeping Vine, Voodoo, Disembodied Hand & Vampire. Dr. Terror's House Of Horrors is one of those films that had a big impact on me as a child. When it was shown on British TV, the next day in the play ground would be kids talking about it, well those kids (un)lucky enough to have parents who would let them watch it that is! I finally got to see it one night in the 70s when my parents were out, I can even remember the time and channel it was shown on, in fact I can still remember now the feeling of dread that took over me as Christopher Lee is pursued by a severed hand, checking under my bed before turning the lights off.\r\n\r\nNow that's the beauty of horror films isn't it? Sure enough this Amicus compendium looks a trifle clunky now, but really we shouldn't be judging it by a new age standard, we should be judging it by the 1965 time frame and embracing the totally creepy vibe that infiltrates this particular railway carriage. The Werewolf and Disembodied Hand segments are great pieces of horror, while the others make up for in style what they lack in genuine horror. Peter Cushing, Alan Freeman, Roy Castle, Donald Sutherland, Kenny Lynch, Bernard Lee and of course the irrepressible Christopher Lee, I thank you all for leaving an indelible mark on me as a youth, it's a mark that I proudly wear to this everlasting day! 8/10 "}], "recommandations_id": [25993, 28801, 18250, 30931]}