{"tmdb_id": 26836, "title": "The Fourth Man", "original_title": "\u010cetvrti \u010dovek", "slug_title": "the-fourth-man", "date": "2007-02-20", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Action / Thriller"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "A man awakens from a two-month-long coma. Total amnesia. A bullet fired point blank. He doesn't remember anything. He's told that he had a wife and a son. They've been killed. He's revealed his past identity by the Colonel, who insists they are best friends. He's a Major of the Military Security Agency. An inspector from the State Security Agency appears affirming that he has information on people responsible for the massacre of his family. The Major is discharged from the hospital. He tries to patch together a normal life but is confronted with emptiness and despair. His only chance of discovering his identity and the assassin of his family is to accept the game that the Inspector has set up for him with the Businessman, the Mafioso and the Politician. He agrees... Discovers that he was a war criminal... Realizes who took a shot at him... Finds out who killed his family... Discovers the Fourth Man!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yOkfdOVi7QP3juBsBCr22s2LicP.jpg", "actors": ["Nikola Kojo (Major)", "Dragan Petrovi\u0107 (Inspector)", "Marija Karan (Teodora)", "Bogdan Dikli\u0107 (Pukovnik)", "Dragan Nikoli\u0107 (Politician)", "Miodrag Krstovi\u0107 (Doctor)", "Boris Milivojevi\u0107 (Mafia)", "Radoslav Milenkovi\u0107 (Businessman)", "Fe\u0111a Stojanovi\u0107 (Inspector)", "Semka Sokolovi\u0107-Bertok (Neighbor)", "Milo\u0161 Timotijevi\u0107 (Bodyguard)", "Dijana Marojevi\u0107 (Majorova \u017eena)", "Bora Neni\u0107 (Psychiatrist)", "Sanja Mikiti\u0161in (Mafia's Secretary)", "Jakov Jevtovi\u0107 (Prisoner)", "Nikola Mihajlovi\u0107 (Policajac u civilu)", "Istv\u00e1n Igl\u00f3di (Upravnik zatvora)", "Ivana Milovanovi\u0107 (Mafija\u0161eva \u017eena)", "Jovana Jankovi\u0107 (Novinarka)", "David Ibrovi\u0107 (Milo\u0161)", "Predrag Vasi\u0107 (Politi\u010darevo dete)", "Igor Lojani\u010di\u0107 (Dete iz Bosne)", "Marko Joci\u0107 (Barmen)", "Nenad Krneta (Vojnik)", "Slobodan Pavi\u0107evi\u0107 (\u010covek u kafani)", "Slobodan Joci\u0107 (Gost 1)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [5236], "youtube_key": "notfound"}