{"tmdb_id": 268531, "title": "Capitaine Superslip", "original_title": "Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie", "slug_title": "capitaine-superslip", "date": "2017-06-01", "genre": "Action / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes \u00e9l\u00e8ves de CM1 cr\u00e9ent un comic book, lequel rencontre un franc succ\u00e8s dans la cour d'\u00e9cole. Mais bien vite, et par accident, leur cr\u00e9ation, le Captain Underpants prend vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ixHfHHpqfaj0TMm1VDiHjWMsXmA.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Hart (George Beard (voice))", "Ed Helms (Mr. Krupp / Captain Underpants (voice))", "Thomas Middleditch (Harold Hutchins (voice))", "Nick Kroll (Professor Poopypants (voice))", "Jordan Peele (Melvin (voice))", "Kristen Schaal (Edith (voice))", "Dee Dee Rescher (Ms. Ribble (voice))", "Brian Posehn (Mr. Rected (voice))", "Mel Rodriguez (Mr. Fyde (voice))", "David Soren (Tommy (voice))", "Susan Fitzker (Mrs. Dayken (voice))", "Lynnane Zager (Mrs. Beard (voice))", "Tiffany Lauren Bennicke (Sad Girl (voice))", "James Ryan (Mime (voice))", "Leslie David Baker (Officer McPiggly (voice))", "Sugar Lyn Beard (Goodie Two-Shoes Girl (voice))", "Lesley Nicol (Nobel Moderator (voice))", "Chris Miller (Nobel Audience Member (voice))", "Coco Soren (Balloon Girl (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I get why a _Captain Underpants_ movie was made. The climate is pretty much as ripe for superhero parody as it's ever going to be, _Captain Underpants_ has enjoyed moderate achievement in terms of being a household name, I even remember more or less enjoying the books as a kid. But _Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie_ is pretty bad. Not in any unexpected ways, it's reasonable to expect a certain level of humour from a film whose titular hero has \"Underpants\" in the name, but in my honest opinion, _The \"First\" Epic Movie_, should probably be the last one too.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A new superhero has born.**\r\n\r\nBased on the children's comic book. It might look silly for a film, but all the animations are. From the director of 'Turbo', it tells the story of two best friends and their little secret. The secret of keeping their school principal under their command, after a mysterious power gave them an opportunity to enjoy the life as they wanted. But when a mad scientist started wreck the school and the city, they have to come up with something to stop him. The remaining story is full of fun action-adventure.\r\n\r\nThe concept of the superhero was funny. But sure kids would love it. At least would make them wear underwear. I still watched it knowing it is for children, and I liked it. But I watched mainly for Kevin Hart. Because his fantastic voice-over in 'Secret Life of Pets' saved the film, and so here. Little short film, the story too was very simple, though the animation was good. I don't know there will be a sequel, but it should be, or else I would like to see a television series like most of the feature films in the recent time transformed into.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [274862, 378236, 137116, 324849]}