{"tmdb_id": 268677, "title": "Words with Gods", "original_title": "Words with Gods", "slug_title": "words-with-gods", "date": "2014-08-30", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "The first of four installments in the groundbreaking Heartbeat of the World anthology film series. Comprised of several short films by some of the world's most exciting directors, Words with Gods follows the theme of religion - specifically as it relates to an individual's relationship with his/her god or gods...or the lack thereof.  In Words with Gods, each director recounts a narrative centered around human fragility, as well as environmental and cultural crises involving specific religions with which each has a personal relationship; including early Aboriginal Spirituality, Umbanda, Buddhism, the Abrahamic faiths, Hinduism, and Atheism. An animated sequence by Mexican animator Maribel Martinez is woven through each of the film segments, with each segment narratively connected as a feature-length film.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p3jvvY5ZgpIsQciRR1tpqDHRkZG.jpg", "actors": ["Miranda Tapsell (Woman (ep. \"True Gods\"))", "Chico Diaz (The Man (ep. \"The Man Who Stole a Duck\"))", "Tanuja (Leela (ep. \"God Room\"))", "Masatoshi Nagase ((ep. \"Sufferings\"))", "Ya\u00ebl Abecassis ((ep. \"The Book of Amos\"))", "Zohar Strauss ((ep. \"The Book of Amos\"))", "Sarai Givaty ((ep. \"The Book of Amos\"))", "Juan Fern\u00e1ndez (The Killer (ep. \"The Confession\"))", "Pep\u00f3n Nieto (Cab Driver (ep. \"The Confession\"))", "Paco Sag\u00e1rzazu (Old Man (ep. \"The Confession\"))", "Emir Kusturica (Monk (ep. \"Our Life\"))", "Y\u0131lmaz Erdo\u011fan ((ep. \"Sometimes Look Up - Kaboki\"))", "Demi\u00e1n Bichir (Son (ep. \"God's Blood - La sangre de Dios\"))", "Emilio Echevarr\u00eda (Father (ep. \"God's Blood - La sangre de Dios\"))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}