{"tmdb_id": 268896, "title": "Pacific Rim : Uprising", "original_title": "Pacific Rim: Uprising", "slug_title": "pacific-rim-uprising", "date": "2018-03-21", "genre": ["Action / Fantastique / Science-Fiction / Aventure"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Le conflit plan\u00e9taire qui oppose les Kaiju, cr\u00e9atures extraterrestres, aux Jaegers, robots g\u00e9ants pilot\u00e9s par des humains, n\u2019\u00e9tait que la premi\u00e8re vague d\u2019une attaque massive contre l\u2019Humanit\u00e9.  Jake Pentecost, un jeune pilote de Jaeger prometteur dont le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre p\u00e8re a sacrifi\u00e9 sa vie pour sauver l\u2019Humanit\u00e9 des monstrueux Kaiju a depuis abandonn\u00e9 son entra\u00eenement et s\u2019est retrouv\u00e9 pris dans l\u2019engrenage du milieu criminel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v5HlmJK9bdeHxN2QhaFP1ivjX3U.jpg", "actors": ["John Boyega (Jake Pentecost)", "Scott Eastwood (Nate Lambert)", "Cailee Spaeny (Amara Namani)", "Jing Tian (Liwen Shao)", "Rinko Kikuchi (Mako Mori)", "Burn Gorman (Dr. Hermann Gottlieb)", "Adria Arjona (Jules Reyes)", "Zhang Jin (Marshal Quan)", "Charlie Day (Dr. Newton Geiszler)", "Madeleine McGraw (Young Amara Namani)", "Karan Brar (Suresh Khuran)", "Ivanna Sakhno (Viktoriya 'Vik' Malikova)", "Mackenyu Arata (Ryoichi)", "Wesley Wong (Ou-Yang Jinhai)", "Levi Meaden (Ilya)", "Rahart Adams (Tahima Shaheen)", "Zhu Zhu (Juen)", "Nick E. Tarabay (Sonny)", "Dustin Clare (Joseph Burke)", "Daniel Feuerriegel (Lieutenant Allan Gronetti)", "Lily Ji (Meilin Gao)", "Shyrley Rodriguez (Renata)", "Ellen McLain (Gipsy Avenger A. I. (voice))", "Sam Kalidi (Dr. Kostas)", "Jamie Slater (Captain McKinney)", "Lan Yingying (Ah Lam Xiang)", "Chen Zitong (Daiyu)", "Yongchen Qian (Lieutenant Qiao)", "Stephanie Allynne (Amara's Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Columbusbuck", "content": "Transformers with some thought actually put into it! Plus, the always scrumptious Scott Eastwood always welcome. Yowza!"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is, to me, a quite nice special effects extravaganza. In some ways I actually liked this movie more than the first one.\r\n\r\nSure, the underlying story is totally ludicrous. Come one, fighting giant monster with big clumsy robots that requires two people in some strange mind melt to maneuver is just ridiculous. Just send in a couple of fighter jets with some suitable devices that go boom and be done with it. But then, the purpose of these movies are to show off giant robot special effects and on that note they certainly deliver.\r\n\r\nThis installment in the franchise seems to be more geared towards the younger audience as far as the story and the cast goes. Some people like it, some don\u2019t. Personally I\u2019m fairly neutral.\r\n\r\nAs with the previous movie the story is not really that much to write home about. It has plot holes big enough to drive I giant robot through. I just had to say that didn\u2019t I? Still, there are some parts of this story that I liked better than the first one. It is a quite straightforward story with clear heroes, clear bad guys.\r\n\r\nIt does not really have any of that lazy stupid plot twist where some dumb ass politicians are trying to shut down the program to save money. Sure the program is in some danger but this time it is due to a new program that actually sounds reasonable and could improve things. Of course said program gets sabotaged but hey, we, the audience, want our big silly robots right?\r\n\r\nThe story is also mostly devoid of any stupid SJW crap or silly green preaching. The ridiculous crap about Dinosaurs being the first invasion and that we had terraformed the planet (global warming and all that stuff) so a second invasion was more likely to succeed was just an insult to the more intelligent among the audience and took off a star or two from the first movie for me.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I quite enjoyed the movie. It delivered where it counts, that is in the special effects department. Loads and loads of special effects mostly involving giant robots and Kaijus slugging it out with massive property damage as a result. They are literally beating each other up with skyscrapers for Christ sake!\r\n\r\nThe story, acting and everything else is adequate. Nothing more and nothing less. I do miss some colorful characters like Hannibal Chau (Ron Perlman) from the first movie. The characters in this one was more bland that has to be said.\r\n\r\nIt seems like a lot of people on IMDb and elsewhere have their pants in a twist over this movie and rates it one or two stars out of ten. That\u2019s just nonsense. A one star rating is for a movie that is truly awful in all aspects. The special effects alone elevates this movie above one star. You might not like the turn towards the younger audience or something else in the movie but it still does not make it a one star movie.\r\n\r\nSure if you are not a science fiction or fantasy fan and do not care about special effects then I guess you could feel this is an awful movie but then why did you watch it in the first place? It is the second installment in the franchise so it should come as no surprise that the movie lives and dies by it\u2019s special effects.\r\n\r\nI would say that if you like giant robots, monsters and special effects and don\u2019t mind a fairly thin story aimed for the slightly younger audience then there is a fair change that you will find this movie entertaining."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Boyega makes for a slightly more engaging lead than Charlie Hunnam did in the original, (co-pilot Eastwood is merely **as** dull as Charlie Hunnam) but _Uprising_ has virtually the exact same ups and down as the first _Pacific Rim_. If you dig that movie, you'll probably dig this. If you hated it, you'll probably hate this. Me? I'm on the lower end of mixed, for both.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [427641, 338970, 447200, 333339], "youtube_key": "Am-gG-VyXPg"}