{"tmdb_id": 269004, "title": "City Streets", "original_title": "City Streets", "slug_title": "city-streets", "date": "1938-07-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "When her mother dies, wheel-chair bound Winnie Brady is taken in by shopkeeper and neighbor \"Uncle\" Joe Carmine. Joe convinces Father Ryan to let him informally adopt her. Joe and Winnie live together with Tommy Devlin and his grandmother, Mrs. Devlin, and a dog Winnie names Muriel. Joe sells his shop to pay for an unsuccessful operation on Winnie's legs. This bankrupts Carmine, who then earns a meager living selling fruits and vegetables on the streets. Winnie is sent to live in an orphanage, and Carmine is discouraged from continuing his relationship with her. Carmine is so distraught by grief that he slowly begins to die. Winnie is brought to him by Father Ryan, and she finds the strength to stand and walk to his bedside and sings his favorite song, \"Santa Maria.\" Later, after Winnie has acquired full use of her legs, Joe, in his new catering truck,  takes the children on a picnic in the country.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ipivD7swXs6fGYElF4hZNIEZrT.jpg", "actors": ["Edith Fellows (Winnie Brady)", "Leo Carrillo ('Uncle' Joe Carmine)", "Tommy Bond (Tommy Francis Devlin)", "Mary Gordon (Grandma, Mrs. Devlin)", "Helen Jerome Eddy (Miss North)", "Joe King (Policeman Mike Shanahan)", "Frank Sheridan (Father Ryan)", "Arthur Loft (Dr. Goodman)", "George Humbert (Lupo)", "Frank Reicher (Dr. Ferenc Waller)", "Grace Goodall (Miss Graham)", "Dick Curtis (Madden - County Welfare Officer (uncredited))", "Ann Doran (Nurse (uncredited))", "Bess Flowers (Miss Phillips - Assistant to Orphanage Head (uncredited))", "Boyd Irwin (Dr. Thompson (uncredited))", "Minerva Urecal (Mrs. Grimley (uncredited))", "Guy Usher (Judge Wiley (uncredited))", "Robert Winkler (Young Boy (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}