{"tmdb_id": 269149, "title": "Zootopie", "original_title": "Zootopia", "slug_title": "zootopie", "date": "2016-02-11", "genre": ["Animation / Aventure / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Zootopia est une ville qui ne ressemble \u00e0 aucune autre : seuls les animaux y habitent ! On y trouve des quartiers r\u00e9sidentiels \u00e9l\u00e9gants comme le tr\u00e8s chic Sahara Square, et d'autres moins hospitaliers comme le glacial Tundratown. Dans cette incroyable m\u00e9tropole, chaque esp\u00e8ce animale cohabite avec les autres. Qu'on soit un immense \u00e9l\u00e9phant ou une minuscule souris, tout le monde a sa place \u00e0 Zootopia !  Lorsque Judy Hopps fait son entr\u00e9e dans la police, elle d\u00e9couvre qu'il est bien difficile de s'imposer chez les gros durs en uniforme, surtout quand on est une adorable lapine. Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 faire ses preuves, Judy s'attaque \u00e0 une \u00e9pineuse affaire, m\u00eame si cela l'oblige \u00e0 faire \u00e9quipe avec Nick Wilde, un renard \u00e0 la langue bien pendue et v\u00e9ritable virtuose de l'arnaque \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sM33SANp9z6rXW8Itn7NnG1GOEs.jpg", "actors": ["Ginnifer Goodwin (Judy Hopps (voice))", "Jason Bateman (Nick Wilde (voice))", "Shakira (Gazelle (voice))", "Idris Elba (Chief Bogo (voice))", "Octavia Spencer (Mrs. Otterton (voice))", "J.K. Simmons (Mayor Leodore Lionheart (voice))", "Alan Tudyk (Duke Weaselton (voice))", "Jenny Slate (Assistant Mayor Dawn Bellwether (voice))", "Bonnie Hunt (Bonnie Hopps (voice))", "Don Lake (Stu Hopps (voice))", "Tom Lister Jr. (Finnick (voice))", "Tommy Chong (Yax (voice))", "Kristen Bell (Priscilla (voice))", "Katie Lowes (Dr. Madge Honey Badger (voice))", "Josh Dallas (Frantic Pig (voice))", "John DiMaggio (Jerry Jumbeaux Jr. (voice))", "Nate Torrence (Officer Benjamin Clawhauser (voice))", "Maurice LaMarche (Mr. Big (voice))", "Kath Soucie (Young Nick (voice))", "Mark Smith (Officer McHorn (voice))", "Rich Moore (Doug (voice))", "Byron Howard (Bucky Oryx-Antlerson / Travis (voice))", "Jared Bush (Pronk Oryx-Antlerson (voice))", "Della Saba (Young Hopps (voice))", "Phil Johnston (Gideon Grey (voice))", "Gita Reddy (Nangi (voice))", "Jesse Corti (Mr. Manchas (voice))", "Leah Latham (Fru Fru (voice))", "Peter Mansbridge (Peter Moosebridge (voice))", "Josie Trinidad (Landlady (voice))", "John Lavelle (Mouse Foreman (voice))", "Evelyn Wilson Bresee (Additional Voices (voice))", "Hewitt Bush (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jill Cordes (Additional Voices (voice))", "Madeleine Curry (Sharla / Gareth / Hippo kid (voice))", "Terri Douglas (Additional Voices (voice))", "Melissa Goodwin Shepherd (Angry Mouse (voice))", "Zach King (Guard Wolf / Additional Voices (voice))", "Dave Kohut (Additional Voices (voice))", "Raymond S. Persi (Flash (voice))", "Fuschia! (Drill Sergeant (voice))", "Jeremy Milton (Additional Voices (voice))", "Pace Paulsen (Additional Voices (voice))", "Fabienne Rawley (Additional Voices (voice))", "Bradford Simonsen (Additional Voices (voice))", "Claire K. Smith (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jackson Stein (Additional Voices (voice))", "David A. Thibodeau (Additional Voices (voice))", "Hannah G. Williams (Additional Voices (voice))", "Vassos Alexander (Moosos Alexander (voice))", "Ricardo Boechat (Boi Ch\u00e1 (voice))", "David Campbell (David Koalabell (voice))", "Koura Kazumasa (Michael Tanukiyama (voice))", "Daveed Diggs (\"Parlez-Vous Rap\" Performer (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "One of the best movies Disney has created in the last years. Smart plot with a great background topic talking about the differences, stereotypes, prejudices and joining the tendency of giving women more important roles.\r\n\r\nIt has still several gaps to fill and enhance on the latest point but it is, IMHO, a milestone in the right direction.\r\n\r\nThe characters work pretty well and it is funny when needed and not too full of cheesy songs."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Try everything (but differently). So Disney has done it again.\r\n\r\nThis beautiful animation came to exist because of coming together of the directors of 'Tangled' and 'Wreck-it-Ralp'. It is Disney who had once again done it, since their rival Pixer is going down in a rapid speed. As a Disney fan since my childhood, I'm very happy for their success in live-shot films and animations, especially for this one.\r\n\r\nOkay, since the revolution of 3D animation over 20 years ago after overthrowing the 2D animation, most of the big productions like Disney, Pixer and Dreamworks with few others never failed to deliver. Believe me, I was not interested in this film when I first saw the teaser and trailer. But they have done great promotions and so the film did awesomely at screens worldwide. I was totally blown away after seeing it, Disney's another unique universal charactered story. From the little children to the grown ups, everybody definitely going to enjoy it.\r\n\r\nAll kinds of animals coming together happens only in cinemas, and that too mostly in animations. But todays kids are very sharp who ask lots of questions, so they had a fine explanation for the doubts regarding putting animals in a same society. It was like the United States, where everyone came from different continents and represents different race. And so in this film every animal came from different land to live together peacefully in a city called Zootopia.\r\n\r\nSo the story begins when Judy the rabbit follows her dream to become a police officer in Zootopia. There she meets Nick the fox, who are actually arch-rival species in the wild, but it was thousands of years ago before adapting the civilisation. So trust is what not promised between them, but they're forced to work together after a small missing person case becomes their prime agenda. Solving the mystery is what brings the end to this wonderful tale.\r\n\r\nThese days animations are not just concentrated on comedies, trying to get us emotionally as well. Maybe that's how they're grabbing the adult audience, especially the families. Shakira's cameo was the highlight, and her song 'Try Everything' helped the get attention from all the corners.\r\n\r\nThe Oscars was concluded just a couple of months ago, but it already feels like the fever is gripping again for the next edition and looks like this film is leading the way for the animation category. I know it's too early, but I hope it wins it. And finally a request for the Disney, bring it on a sequel as soon as possible.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "whatowatch", "content": "Zootopia is the latest family animation movie from Disney about a young bunny determined to be a cop at all costs  \u2013 in a land where only 'predators' are cops, she would be the first \u2018prey\u2019 cop. Seriously? Anyway, she puts on the hard work and makes it to the land where anything is possible.\r\n\r\nZootopia makes some good real life comparisons: Zootopia itself seems to look like New York, even including a hustle by a sly fox.  Racism seems to be ever present in both color and speech. But the best thing about Zootopia is Judy\u2019s positive attitude and relentless determination to succeed.\r\n\r\nThe animation is as good as a Pixar animation \u2013 perfectly made  \u2013 and the story is well told, full of action scenes and funny moments. Kids will definitely love this one and grown up kids will enjoy the deep thought provoking tones set in this movie. \r\n\r\nThe best performance in this movie arguably comes from Police Chief Bogo whose voice is played by Idris Elba. His performance should earn him an Oscar this year! No wonder it has grossed 1 Billion dollars worldwide despite little marketing. \r\n\r\nRated 9 out of 10 only because we cannot give it a 10."}, {"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "A great movie with a great message. Read my full review here.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews/zootopia-review"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Zootopia_ leans pretty hard on a few tropes that I absolutely detest, but even I can't deny that this animated family movie succeeds spectacularly at what it set out to do: Entertain all audiences, young & old, and deliver an important moral centre without detracting from its engaging plot. Something rarely achieved by the medium outside of Pixar. And even Pixar has had a few missteps the past years.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a really, really good animated family movie. It is a perfect blend of funny characters, decent story and little jokes spread around in the animation.\r\n\r\nAlmost all characters are very likable and funny, each in a different way. The actual story has quite a bit of suspense (for an animated family film) while still being sufficiently light and funny. Actually it is kind of two stories. One is the story of Judy Hopps fighting to prove herself as a police officer and the other is the more sinister evil plot that she attempts to unravel.\r\n\r\nThe movie moves at a good enough speed leaving enough room to both tell the story itself and inserting jokes and comical situations. The two bureaucratic sloths were quite fun already in their first scenes but the last scene with them at the very end of the movie was absolutely hilarious.\r\n\r\nThe animation itself was certainly adequate although I sometimes miss the old hand drawn animations from Walt Disney.\r\n\r\nOverall, one of the better, if not the best, animated movie I have watched in quite a while."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This film is named 'Zootopia' in the US but the title was changed when it was shown in the UK. I thought it is a very good children's film. Very well animated. Colourful. Really cute animals.\r\n\r\nIt is a great parable about tolerance and racism which could be seen as a mirror to the xenophobia in society today. The story is of a rabbit called Judy Hopps who overcomes diversity to become a police officer in the city of Zootropolis (Zootopia). This is a very tough city full of crime and only strong predators take charge. Judy must help to solve the case of predators disappearing around the city but needs to fight her colleagues' prejudices at the same time.\r\n\r\nThe jokes are funny and the story is intriguing. The film contains lots of references to other films which will keep viewers of all ages happy (including a very funny Breaking Bad spoof).\r\nThe voice acting is very good and each actor perfectly adds to their character.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605"}, {"pseudo": "Neeraj", "content": "Zootopia is an allegorical tale which subtly takes on vast topics like racism, politics and society. It explores these underlying philosophical themes in a rather humorous manner! Everything, right from the characters to the storyline, is just top notch!\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s similar to George Orwell\u2019s Animal Farm, just the underlying issues are different in this one. It\u2019s definitely worth watching! \r\n\r\nOverall, Zootopia is a brilliant movie! I would give it a rating of** 4/5**"}], "recommandations_id": [150540, 177572, 127380, 109445], "youtube_key": "zQ2XkyDTW34"}