{"tmdb_id": 26912, "title": "Les monstres de l'espace", "original_title": "Quatermass and the Pit", "slug_title": "les-monstres-de-l-espace", "date": "1967-11-09", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un vaisseau spatial d'origine martienne est decouvert dans le m\u00e9tro londonien. Le professeur Quatermass m\u00e8ne l'enqu\u00e8te.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bqvX3BRAXPD7HWGH1fEiM7cqMIn.jpg", "actors": ["James Donald (Dr. Mathew Roney)", "Andrew Keir (Prof. Bernard Quatermass)", "Barbara Shelley (Barbara Judd)", "Julian Glover (Colonel Breen)", "Duncan Lamont (Sladden)", "Bryan Marshall (Captain Potter)", "Peter Copley (Howell)", "Edwin Richfield (Minister)", "Grant Taylor (Police Sergeant Ellis)", "Maurice Good (Sergeant Cleghorn)", "Robert Morris (Jerry Watson)", "Sheila Steafel (Journalist)", "Hugh Futcher (Sapper West)", "Hugh Morton (Elderly Journalist)", "Thomas Heathcote (Vicar)", "Noel Howlett (Abbey Librarian)", "Hugh Manning (Pub Customer)", "June Ellis (Blonde)", "Keith Marsh (Johnson)", "James Culliford (Corporal Gibson)", "Bee Duffell (Miss Dobson)", "Roger Avon (Electrician)", "Brian Peck (Technical Officer)", "John Graham (Inspector)", "Charles Lamb (Newsvendor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Creepy, interesting, above all else...intelligent. \r\n\r\nWhilst excavating at the site of a new underground tube station, workers unearth a mysterious object. On to the case comes Professor Quatermass who deduces that the object is Martian in origin. Initially viewed with scorn and disbelief, it becomes apparent that the Martian race have been involved in the human race before, and now they have been awoken again. \r\n\r\nThis was the third Hammer film adaptation of Nigel Kneale's BBC-TV Quatermass serial, with previous entries being The Quatermass Experiment & Quatermass 2. This to me, tho, is undoubtedly the shining light of the bunch. Chiefly what works the best in this one is the wonderful fusion of mystery and intelligence, the eerie sense of dread only off set by a yearning to find out just what has happened? And more crucially, what will happen? Building up perfectly, courtesy of Roy Ward Baker's astutely paced direction, Quatermass And The Pit is a film that just begs you to pay attention to every little detail, each conversation is fully fleshing out this most intriguing story. Then there is the finale that pays off handsomely, to hint at what is involved would result in a spoiler of sorts, and really it would be stupid of me to prepare you for the film's closure.\r\n\r\nSee it because it's one of the best genre entries of the 60s, a must for sci-fi enthusiasts that like a bit of brains to go with their genre persuasion. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24580, 3104, 18250, 31965]}