{"tmdb_id": 269278, "title": "Giselle", "original_title": "Giselle", "slug_title": "giselle", "date": "2006-12-26", "genre": ["Musique / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Giselle is the quintessential Romantic ballet. Its title role, one of the most technically demanding and emotionally challenging in the classical repertory, is here danced by Alina Cojocaru, partnered by Johan Kobborg as Count Albrecht. This tale of the transcendental power of love over death is evocatively portrayed through Peter Wright\u0092s sensitive staging and John Macfarlane\u0092s designs, which beautifully contrast the human and supernatural worlds \u0096 mastered from a High Definition recording and true surround sound.  Conductor : Boris Gruzin  Orchestra :  The Orchestra of the Royal Opera House", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5nlpoKpDbqawFmV4fw4ZK51PjwK.jpg", "actors": ["Alina Cojocaru (Giselle)", "Martin Harvey (Hilarion)", "Johan Kobborg (Count Albrecht)", "Marianela N\u00fa\u00f1ez (Myrtha, Queen of the Wilis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "avddreamr", "content": "\"Cojocaru's interpretation, everyone seems to agree, is one of the greatest of all time, and she continues to refine it with every performance...One of the things which makes Cojocaru so poignant in this role is a quality that one senses in the dancer herself. Something in the emotional charge of her performances, some fragility beneath the ballerina steel, emphasises the ephemeral nature of the art form. It reminds us that we must seize the day.\" (The Observer)\r\n\r\n\"The Royal Ballet's recent triumphs continue with this exquisite Giselle. Beguiling actress-dancer Alina Cojocaru embraces both Act I's sweet rural girl and the tragic ghost of Act II.\" (BBC Music Magazine)\r\n\r\n\"There is nothing new or revolutionary about this Giselle from the Royal Opera House but it is a beautiful production, superbly danced by a young, fresh-faced cast that dedicate themselves with heart and soul to the performance. It is expertly filmed and edited. The picture is liquid and clear, with contrasting colours, capturing the moonlit forest of Act II perfectly, wonderfully enhancing the ghostly atmosphere.\" (Musicweb International)"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}