{"tmdb_id": 26954, "title": "Puppet Master II", "original_title": "Puppet Master II", "slug_title": "puppet-master-ii", "date": "1990-02-07", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "The puppets return, this time they hunt some Paranormal Researchers to take their brain fluid for the dead/living puppet master, Andre Toulon", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jkUbYBbd8JKdZrNgE12Iu8PvLlj.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Maclellan (Carolyn Bramwell / Elsa)", "Collin Bernsen (Michael Kenney)", "Steve Welles (Andre Toulon / Eriquee Chane\u00e9)", "Greg Webb (Patrick Bramwell)", "Charlie Spradling (Wanda)", "Jeff Celentano (Lance (as Jeff Weston))", "Nita Talbot (Camille)", "Sage Allen (Martha)", "George Buck Flower (Matthew)", "Sean Ryan (Billy)", "Ivan J. Rado (Cairo Merchant)", "Michael Todd (Puppet Toulon)", "Julianne Mazziotti (Puppet Camille / Elsa)", "Taryn Band (Cairo Child)", "Alex Band (Cairo Child)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SoapboxQuantez08", "content": "_A worthy sequel, a worthy odyssey_. This film sort of picks up where the first left off (a few months later, so you have to fill in a few blanks), as a group of paranormal investigators can't help but pay the old hotel a visit.\r\n\r\nDirecting this one is David Allen, the hand behind the puppet-effects of Puppetmaster. Andre Toulon makes an appearance here (in fact he appears throughout the entire film), and has his previously-deceased eyes on Carolyn, who resembles his long-dead wife. But what does he plan to do if he abducts her, and will it be in accordance with the puppets' plans? These are the questions that will be answered, per se.\r\n\r\nThe puppets have been killing not only people, but animals as well, and Toulon seems displeased with the latter. The newest puppet in this one is Torch, and he wastes no time exterminating members of the human race. Two of the puppets die in this one (they shall remain nameless), the first of which is dissected immediately afterward.\r\n\r\nUnlike the original, this one's shot almost exclusively in daylight, but it doesn't seem to hurt the film, as the performances are adequate (and Toulon's appearance, suitably grotesque). In this sequel: Toulon claims he \"knows how to get into things\", and if you have any sense at all, you'll get into watching this film. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26957, 26956, 26958, 26959], "youtube_key": "wRFLFBrkqbo"}