{"tmdb_id": 26953, "title": "Puppet Master", "original_title": "Puppet Master", "slug_title": "puppet-master", "date": "1989-10-12", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Un fabricant de poup\u00e9es trouve une formule \u00e9gyptienne permettant d'amener des poup\u00e9es ou diverses autre choses \u00e0 la vie et plusieurs ann\u00e9es apr\u00e8s la mort du fabricant, un homme les ram\u00e8nent \u00e0 la vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3gMXTOSlpNDfiZ659w19HW8roZ7.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Le Mat (Alex Whitaker)", "William Hickey (Andre Toulon)", "Irene Miracle (Dana Hadley)", "Jimmie F. Skaggs (Neil Gallagher)", "Robin Frates (Megan Gallagher)", "Matt Roe (Frank Forrester)", "Kathryn O'Reilly (Carlissa Stamford)", "Mews Small (Theresa)", "Barbara Crampton (Woman at Carnival)", "David Boyd (Man at Carnival)", "Peter Frankland (Assassin #1)", "Andrew Kimbrough (Assassin #2)", "Ed Cookie Jarvis (Pinhead (voice))", "Linda O. Cook (Leech Woman (voice))", "Tim Dornberg (Tunneler (voice))", "Bert Rosario (Blade (voice))", "Michael Laide (Jester (voice))", "Andrea Henry ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Inert first act, but decent start to the ongoing puppet-slasher series\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO VIDEO IN 1989 and directed by David Schmoeller, \"Puppet Master\" (or \u201cPuppetmaster\u201d) takes place at a striking old hotel on the California coast where four psychics gather to meet a former colleague and his wife, the heir of the grand inn. However, their colleague has committed suicide and puppets animated by Egyptian sorcery are intent on killing them off one-by-one.\r\n\r\nThis was the first of a franchise that includes a dozen sequels (as of this writing), which is one more than the Friday the 13th franchise. While decidedly Grade B in quality, I liked the grand ol\u2019 hotel setting, the cast, and the Ten Little Indians-like plot. Unfortunately, the first half hour feels lethargic and dull. \r\n\r\nFrom there, the film\u2019s decent enough with quality puppet effects. Irene Miracle is stunning as a psychic biyatch and Kathryn O'Reilly & Robin Frates ain\u2019t no slouches on the feminine front, but the filmmakers fumble the ball as far as taking advantage of these resources. Paul Le Mat is genial as the main male protagonist with frightful hair while Jimmie F. Skaggs is formidable as the colleague gone mad.     \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 30 minutes and was shot in California (Riverside, Pasadena, etc.). WRITERS: Charles Band, Kenneth J. Hall, Schmoeller and  J.S. Cardone. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [26954, 26956, 26957, 26958]}