{"tmdb_id": 270015, "title": "Domino Kid", "original_title": "Domino Kid", "slug_title": "domino-kid", "date": "1957-10-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A rancher vows revenge on the five men responsible for his father's death.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7wXAFbcemBKe3JDf1kVrvzmn14Z.jpg", "actors": ["Rory Calhoun (Domino)", "Kristine Miller (Barbara Ellison)", "Andrew Duggan (Wade Harrington)", "Yvette Duguay (Rosita)", "Peter Whitney (Lafe Prentiss)", "Eugene Iglesias (Juan Cortez)", "Robert Burton (Sheriff Travers)", "James Griffith (Sam Beal)", "Roy Barcroft (Ed Santlin)", "Bart Braverman (Pepe)", "Denver Pyle (Bill Dragger)", "Thomas Browne Henry (Doctor)", "Harry Tyler (Harry)", "Tom London (Ed Davis)", "Paul E. Burns (Tom Barnes)", "Frank Sully (Bartender)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Domino The Ghost!\r\n\r\nThe Domino Kid is directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Kenneth Gammet and Hal Biller. It stars Rory Calhoun, Kristine Miller, Andrew Duggan, Yvette Dugay, Peter Whitney and Eugene Iglesias. Music is by Mischa Bakaleinikoff and cinematography by Irving Lipman.\r\n\r\nRory Calhoun is The Domino Kid (AKA: Cort Garand), who upon returning from his service in the Civil War sets out for vengeance against the five renegades who murdered his father. He quickly locates four of them, but the fifth man is proving illusive. \r\n\r\nThe script is a bit hoary, the formula unchallenging, and the very grand final shoot-out is as full of implausibilities as can be, but there's a good suspense quotient to this Oater that is most engaging. It also looks gorgeous, with the crisp black and white photography putting a tonally correct moody vibe on the story. Calhoun is a bastion of cool and hardness, quick on the draw and lobbing dominoes around to announce to his prey that they are up against a bad mutha. The requisite entanglements with cattle baron villain Wade Harrington (Duggan) and affairs of the heart are driven straight and simple, and the \"twist\" isn't really all that, yet this is well worth a look for Calhoun and B Western supporters. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "MDMrpTlpNg8"}