{"tmdb_id": 270119, "title": "Betrayed by a Handprint", "original_title": "Betrayed by a Handprint", "slug_title": "betrayed-by-a-handprint", "date": "1908-09-01", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Mrs. Wharton, a dashing widow, gives a party at her beautiful villa in honor of the presentation to her of a handsome diamond necklace by her fianc\u00e9. During the evening bridge participated in by a number of the guests, among whom is Myrtle Vane. Miss Vane is playing in wretched luck, and is advised several times by Mrs. Wharton to desist, but she still plays on in the vain hopes of the tide of fortune turning, until at last, in the extreme of desperation, she stakes her all and loses. Shame and disgrace stare her in the face. What can she do to recoup her depleted fortune? As one of the guests there is Professor Francois Paracelsus, the eminent palmister, who of course, was called upon to read the palms of those present. Sheets of paper were prepared and each imprinted their hand on a sheet to be read by the erudite soothsayer at his leisure, and so were left on the drawing room table.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hlOICaDoQ6h7EGdtmSWul9woT0I.jpg", "actors": ["Florence Lawrence (Myrtle Vane)", "Harry Solter (Mr. Wharton)", "Linda Arvidson (The Maid / Party Guest)", "Kate Bruce (Mrs. Wharton)", "Gene Gauntier (Party Guest)", "George Gebhardt (The Palmister)", "Mack Sennett (The Butler)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [90827], "youtube_key": "notfound"}