{"tmdb_id": 270375, "title": "When Almonds Blossomed", "original_title": "\u10e0\u10dd\u10ea\u10d0 \u10d0\u10e7\u10d5\u10d0\u10d5\u10d3\u10d0 \u10dc\u10e3\u10e8\u10d8", "slug_title": "when-almonds-blossomed", "date": "1972-04-01", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "Zura, a son of a rich businessman, steals a car of his father\u2019s friend to amuse his classmates. When informed about it, the school principal discards him from the bike tournament. Nevertheless, Zura\u2019s father manages to persuade her to allow his son to participate and even succeeds in bribing his championship. Zura\u2019s classmates know that he became a champion undeservedly but can\u2019t do anything about it. Only Khatuna, his alleged girlfriend, and Lexo, Zura\u2019s friend, dare to protest against it. Their lack of loyalty enrages Zura and in the rush of the blood he crashes his father\u2019s car. The accident takes Laxo\u2019s life. Zura\u2019s father does his best to save his son from deserved punishment but the first one against his decision is Zura himself.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dR1Rb5pxNb7OCFztB0q3knbTHqI.jpg", "actors": ["Zura Kipshidze (Zura)", "Goga Pipia (Leqso)", "Tamara Vardanashvili (Khatuna)", "Eka Magalashvili (Eka)", "Sesilia Takaishvili ()", "Dodo Abashidze (Niko)", "Lia Kapanadze (Taliko)", "Dimitri Takaishvili (Tornike)", "Chabua Amirejibi (Giorgi)", "Shota Daushvili (Vata)", "M. Abramishvili ()", "K. Chitaia ()", "Lika Kavzharadze (A pretty girl with almond blossoms)", "Nodar Mgaloblishvili ()", "Medea Japaridze ()", "Marine Tbileli (Director of School)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [270373], "youtube_key": "notfound"}