{"tmdb_id": 270303, "title": "It Follows", "original_title": "It Follows", "slug_title": "it-follows", "date": "2014-11-13", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une exp\u00e9rience sexuelle apparemment anodine, Jay se retrouve confront\u00e9e \u00e0 d'\u00e9tranges visions et  l'inextricable impression que quelqu'un, ou quelque chose, la suit. Abasourdis, Jay et ses amis doivent trouver une \u00e9chappatoire \u00e0 la menace qui semble les rattraper...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e2enzJG0ZWXKEEDXTyGvN8BMWJY.jpg", "actors": ["Maika Monroe (Jay Height)", "Keir Gilchrist (Paul)", "Daniel Zovatto (Greg Hannigan)", "Olivia Luccardi (Yara)", "Lili Sepe (Kelly Height)", "Jake Weary (Hugh)", "Bailey Spry (Annie)", "Debbie Williams (Mrs. Height)", "Ele Bardha (Mr. Height)", "Leisa Pulido (Mrs. Hannigan)", "Ruby Harris (Mrs. Redmond)", "Loren Bass (Annie's Father)", "Carollette Phillips (Woman with Groceries)", "Ingrid Mortimer (Old Woman in Pajamas)", "Claire Sloma (Greg's Date (Pretty Girl in Car))", "Scott Norman (Homeless Man Behind Tree)", "Joanna Bronson (Nurse)", "D.J. Oliver (Police Officer)", "Charles Gertner (Neighbor Boy)", "Kourtney Bell (Chatting Girl)", "Alexyss Spradlin (Girl in Kitchen)", "Mike Lanier (Giant Man)", "Don Hails (Old Naked Man)", "Linda Boston (Teacher)", "Heather Fairbanks (Scrub Nurse (uncredited))", "Vincent Hogarth (Billy (uncredited))", "Caitlin Burt (Hot Girl (uncredited))", "Christopher Hohman (Hot Guy (uncredited))", "Rich Vreeland (High School Announcer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> An innovative horror-drama with a simplicity.\r\n\r\nIt was not too long ago I saw the director's other film, his first one and liked it instantly. I did not expect him to go all the way from a beautiful teen drama to a creepy horror flick. But I liked this movie as well, thus that prove he's not a fluke. After seeing his both the films, I can detect the style of presentation that marks his trademark. That is very realistic, dull, but a natural societal atmosphere with a mere background score.\r\n\r\nI have said many times that these days horror flicks are heavily leaning on the scary noise/sounds. But this film brings the tone that's really happening around us. The story was like a straight flowing river, no twists or turns like the Amazon river. Even it did not try to hide the existence of the evil spirit. Not only from us, but among the characters in the story. That means it is a very simple tale with the compelling scenes.\r\n\r\nIt does not look like a cheap horror, this 2 million movie can stand up to any fancy horror flicks. The writer/director's interpretation was very interesting too. Like he said IT could board a plane to follow who he's after. The theme was also very innovative. Quite similar types have made out, but this one was way better. Yep, many movie goers overwhelmed by the unexpected, even the filmmakers for the response.\r\n\r\nNow I pray for if there is going to be a sequel, it must be made by the same writer/director. My worry is the B category filmmakers going to spoil the original in the name of follow-up. I highly recommend this movie, especially for adults due to the plot that develops on the sexual intercourse. Though there's no strong nudity. I also suggest you to watch at night, if possible alone. I won't guarantee that it would scare out of you, but that's the best way to watch any horror flick.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [242224, 310131, 22970, 298312]}