{"tmdb_id": 270487, "title": "Ave, C\u00e9sar !", "original_title": "Hail, Caesar!", "slug_title": "ave-cesar", "date": "2016-02-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Eddie Mannix est fixer chez Capitole, un des plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bres Studios de cin\u00e9ma am\u00e9ricain de l\u2019\u00e9poque. Il y est charg\u00e9 de r\u00e9gler tous les probl\u00e8mes inh\u00e9rents \u00e0 chacun de leurs films. Un travail qui ne conna\u00eet ni les horaires, ni la routine. En une seule journ\u00e9e il va devoir g\u00e9rer aussi bien les susceptibilit\u00e9s des diff\u00e9rentes communaut\u00e9s religieuses, pour pouvoir valider leur adaptation de la Bible en Technicolor, que celles du tr\u00e8s pr\u00e9cieux r\u00e9alisateur vedette Laurence Laurentz qui n\u2019appr\u00e9cie que mod\u00e9r\u00e9ment qu\u2019on lui ait attribu\u00e9 le jeune espoir du western comme t\u00eate d\u2019affiche de son prochain drame psychologique. La journ\u00e9e promet d\u2019\u00eatre mouvement\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rzMYZYphL9qrbBClQq1Jc0zPMmY.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Brolin (Eddie Mannix)", "George Clooney (Baird Whitlock)", "Alden Ehrenreich (Hobie Doyle)", "Ralph Fiennes (Laurence Laurentz)", "Scarlett Johansson (DeeAnna Moran)", "Tilda Swinton (Thora Thacker / Thessaly Thacker)", "Channing Tatum (Burt Gurney)", "Frances McDormand (C. C. Calhoun)", "Jonah Hill (Joe Silverman)", "Veronica Osorio (Carlotta Valdez)", "Heather Goldenhersh (Natalie (Secretary))", "Alison Pill (Mrs. Mannix)", "Max Baker (Head Communist Writer)", "Fisher Stevens (Communist Writer)", "Patrick Fischler (Communist Writer)", "Tom Musgrave (Communist Writer)", "David Krumholtz (Communist Writer)", "Greg Baldwin (Communist Writer)", "Patrick Carroll (Communist Writer)", "Fred Melamed (Communist Writer)", "John Bluthal (Professor Marcuse)", "Alex Karpovsky (Mr. Smitrovich)", "Armazd Stepanian (Eastern Orthodox Clergyman)", "Allan Havey (Protestant Clergyman)", "Robert Pike Daniel (Catholic Clergyman)", "Robert Picardo (Rabbi)", "Ian Blackman (Cuddahy)", "Geoffrey Cantor (Sid Siegelstein)", "Christopher Lambert (Arne Seslum)", "Robert Trebor (Producer of \"Hail, Caesar!\")", "Michael Yama (Chinese Restaurant Ma\u00eetre D')", "Ming Zhao (Chinese Restaurant Waitress)", "Helen Siff (Malibu Maid)", "Basil Hoffman (Stu Schwartz, Accounting)", "Luke Spencer Roberts (Peanut)", "Ralph P. Martin (Director of Action Western)", "James Austin Johnson (Studio Assistant at Action Western)", "Noah Baron (Water Ballet P.A.)", "Timm Perry (Stage 8 Man at the Door)", "Noel Conlon (Scotty at the Gate)", "Natasha Bassett (Gloria DeLamour)", "Richard Abraham (French Postcard Photographer)", "Jon Daly (Cop at French Postcard House)", "Dennis Cockrum (Cop at French Postcard House)", "Clancy Brown (Gracchus)", "Mather Zickel (Chunk Mulligan)", "Tiffany Lonsdale (Ursulina)", "Clement von Franckenstein (Senator Sestimus Amydias)", "Wayne Knight (Lurking Extra)", "Jeff Lewis (Lurking Extra)", "Kyle Bornheimer (Extras A.D.)", "Josh Cooke (Box Breakfast A.D.)", "Peter Jason (Director)", "Stephen Ellis (Clapper Boy)", "Jillian Armenante (Script Girl)", "Jacob Witkin (Saul of Tarsus)", "Jack Huston (Cad in Cab)", "Agyness Deyn (Woman in Cab)", "Emily Beecham (Dierdre)", "Benjamin Beatty (Clapper Boy)", "J.R. Horne (Curly)", "Caitlin Muelder (Cookhouse Woman)", "E.E. Bell (Bartender)", "Kate Morgan Chadwick (Departing Woman)", "Brian Jones (Sailor)", "Peter Banifaz (Sailor)", "Clifton Samuels (Sailor / Dancer)", "K.C. Reischerl (Sailor)", "Jeremy Davis (Dancer)", "Marcos Ochoa (Dancer)", "Colin Bradbury (Dancer)", "Ryan Breslin (Dancer)", "Tyler Hanes (Dancer)", "Casey Garvin (Dancer)", "Luke Hawkins (Dancer)", "Evan Kasprzak (Dancer)", "Patrick Lavallee (Dancer)", "Adam Perry (Dancer)", "Ryan Vandenboom (Dancer)", "Alex Demkin (Dancer)", "Dax Hock (Dancer)", "Shesha Marvin (Dancer)", "Mark Stuart (Dancer)", "Forrest Walsh (Dancer)", "Michael Gambon (Narrator (voice))", "Tomoko Karina (Imperial Garden Waitress (uncredited))", "Dolph Lundgren (Submarine Commander (uncredited))", "Dean England (Animal Handler (uncredited))", "Sandy Mansson (Israelite)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Alex Wen", "content": "There\u2019s a scene halfway through the film when Hobie Doyle (Alden Ehrenreich), a Western B-movie star, is cast in a fancy melodrama helmed by Laurence Laurentz (Ralph Fiennes). Doyle is hopelessly out of his element, hobbling about in his new suit\u2013the switch was the studio\u2019s idea in an effort to broaden Doyle\u2019s appeal, much to Laurentz\u2019s dismay. It\u2019s not long before the two engage in a back-and-forth, Laurentz trying to get Doyle to pronounce \u201cWould that it \u2018twere so simple\u201d, and Doyle trying desperately to appease Laurentz. After a lengthy exchange, both are left exacerbated. Much later in the film, we catch a glimpse of the final version, where Doyle and Laurentz compromise with a much simpler: \u201cIt\u2019s\u2026complicated.\u201d\r\n\r\nComplicated is exactly what\u2019s at the heart of this situation. Laurentz\u2019s increasing frustration with this obvious miscast and Doyle\u2019s confusion may serve to fuel the slapstick comedy on exhibit, yet this scene alludes to so much more. It\u2019s the inner mechanics of Hollywood, where directors are mere technicians and actors are props, all to be assigned and managed. It\u2019s the clashing of proud classical Hollywood traditions of entertainment and escapism with the dreaded rise of message films and sophisticated art. It\u2019s the contradictory nature of unfettered creativity with capitalism and consumerism, where compromise\u2013and perhaps communism\u2013seems to be the only way out.\r\n\r\nThis is just one slice of the screwball nature that is the Coen Brothers\u2019 latest comedy, Hail, Caesar! There\u2019s also a kidnapped Roman soldier, Baird Whitlock (George Clooney at his dimmest and greatest), a handsome sailor (Channing Tatum) and a beautiful mermaid (Scarlett Johansson). All opportunities\u2013that the Coens gladly take\u2013to simultaneously demonstrate the power and influence of cinema, while mocking its sense of self-importance.\r\n\r\nEach scene is allowed to play out, Channing Tatum and his homoerotic musical number or Scarlett Johansson\u2019s hypnotizing aquatic acrobatics. It\u2019s not only an homage films of the Golden Era, but a demonstration of the mechanics that make film such an appealing medium. The Coen Brothers have a firm grasp on the allure behind each piece, using the acting, staging and costumes to propel Hail, Caesar! forward. It\u2019s a simple concept\u2013use filmmaking techniques to advance a theme and narrative, but by prioritizing these lengthy sequences over traditional narrative pacing or dialogue, the Coen Brothers give room for these fundamental concepts to breathe and thrive.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s all threaded together through Josh Brolin\u2019s character, Eddie Mannix, studio fixer. And there\u2019s a lot that needs fixing: a pregnant star, a discontent director, communism, threat from the future\u2013the usual. It\u2019s a packed schedule, and the film follows suit with a similarly hectic pacing. An array of symbols, innuendos and subversions are thrown at the viewer: Capital Studios butting with Das Kapital, Mannix being offered a role at Lockheed where they tout a more stable industry\u2013 weapon-making, or Whitlock staring at the audience as he addresses God. It borders on bombastic, but there\u2019s just too much wit, and heart, here to discredit any of the ideas presented\u2013fleshed out or not.\r\n\r\nHail, Caesar! doesn\u2019t break new ground in the increasingly crowded sub-genre of Hollywood-on-Hollywood, but it hits a Goldilocks concoction between inside baseball cynicism and endearing love letter. Though all these antics, the Coen Brothers argue, quite convincingly, that everything in film matters, while also making a case for the futility and hollowness of anything produced on the grounds of Hollywood. So is this a nihilistic shrug at our attempt at defining and contextualizing or a fierce exhibition of the inherent power of Hollywood where life imitates art? Well, as Doyle would try to tell you, \u201cWould that it \u2018twere so simple.\u201d"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I am a fan of the Cohen Brothers, but I will not lay laurels at the feet of a movie simply because it bears their name. _Hail, Caesar!_ is not one of their better efforts.\r\n\r\nUnrelated: I also wonder why they felt it necessary to hide the fact that they were making a faith-based film in the trailers.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Once upon a time the king Julius Caesar was kidnapped!**\r\n\r\nSo here's the new film from the Coen brothers. They have become rare in the recent years, I was always checking out what's next for them and now I'm slightly disappointed with this. I enjoyed watching it, it is one of those you want to rate them better, but you can't for some unidentified reasons. According to my analysis why I was not satisfied fully is the story. I mean the narration was rich, performances were phenomenal and music, locations, all were fantastic, but the screenplay was kind of aimless. The beginning, the ending or even in the mid part it had no purpose, but something like a mockumentary about the film industry of the 1950s.\r\n\r\nWith the average screenplay, the directors have shown their magic. Very cool presentation, you would enjoy it if you're theirs films fan. But I don't think all his fans would be pleased enough. This is truly a multi-starrer film, everybody was at their best in their retro characters. If you share your experience with others who also saw it, they might ask who do you liked the most. Probably many would favour Josh Brolin, because he had more priority than others who comes under his belt. But George Clooney and Alden Ehrenreich also have given a good show followed by Scarlett Johansso and Tilda Swinton. The remaining ones as well not bad, but Jonah Hill was completely a waste.\r\n\r\nSince it is about the film industry and its people, brace yourself for some good laughs. There is variety in it like different genre/theme and multiple layers in the narration. Like from moving to the western to the historical subject and then to the musical and many more. It did good at the box office against its budget, only because of the star power it has and the filmmaker's reputation came in handy. Though I hope the Coen brothers would come back strong with another product and it does not take another 3 years. It is not an award winning film, just a good entertainer, but praisable quality.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [171274, 86829, 290250, 318846], "youtube_key": "kMqeoW3XRa0"}