{"tmdb_id": 270400, "title": "Respire", "original_title": "Respire", "slug_title": "respire", "date": "2014-09-04", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Charlie, une jeune fille de 17 ans. L\u2019\u00e2ge des potes, des \u00e9mois, des convictions, des passions. Sarah, c\u2019est la nouvelle. Belle, culott\u00e9e, un parcours, un temp\u00e9rament. La star imm\u00e9diate, en somme. Sarah choisit Charlie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pDfGQM1xGG4PWxO3eFxJJs8NXO4.jpg", "actors": ["Jos\u00e9phine Japy (Charlie)", "Lou de La\u00e2ge (Sarah)", "Isabelle Carr\u00e9 (Vanessa)", "Roxane Duran (Victoire)", "Claire Keim (Laura)", "Radivoje Bukvi\u0107 (Le p\u00e8re de Charlie)", "Thomas Soliv\u00e9r\u00e8s (Gastine)", "Camille Claris (Delphine)", "Louka Meliava (Lucas)", "Louise Grinberg (Louise)", "Fanny Sidney (Isa)", "Anne Marivin ()", "Marie Denarnaud (Marie)", "Carole Franck (La m\u00e8re de Sarah)", "Alejandro Albarrac\u00edn (Esteban)", "Vinciane Millereau (Vinciane)", "Victor Assi\u00e9 (Paul)", "Morgan Perez (Morgan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some friendship comes fast to scar on your life.**\r\n\r\nVery close to being a French version of the 2003 movie 'Thirteen'. About two 17-year-old girls, Charlie, a privacy girl with the asthma and the new arrival, Sarah, a sarky with the mystery background. A fresh friendship bloom unexpectedly between them, they begin to share everything. As fast they become close, the each others secret reveals, with the same speed a series of conflict forces them away with hatreds. Once again a movie based on the novel of the same name. Melanie Laurent's 2nd movie from the director's chair and she outclassed it.\r\n\r\nIntense drama, from the beginning to the end. The story concentrates only these two girls, their first meet, relationship development and the story's conclusion. Very rarely other characters come into the frame with little to deliver speech and exhibit the act. The first half of the film exactly like the first half of the 'Heavenly Creatures'. Closely showcases the two girl's establishments of an unbreakable bond who do lots of mischievous stuffs together. And the second half was like the second half of 'Thirteen'. The fierce battle like environment like the usual catfight, but fairly avoids the overdose which makes a worthy whole.\r\n\r\n> With you, I feel bad. I lie, I am hard.\r\n> You make me play the bad guy. It's unbearable. \r\n\r\nWhat makes a two best friends (girls) hate each other, a boy? That's how the story switched from one way to another, a turning point in the storytelling. But this film was not all about fighting for a boy, there's something else which was the backbone to the narration. Weaknesses becomes a pointed gun to the face to deal with. The circle of to be victimized and be a victim was relatively balanced. The incomprehensible teen emotions take the story with the sequences of blames and absolves.\r\n\r\nWhat I don't get is in the most of the movies is at the end why the film character sees the camera. This doubt is because the whole film explains something, but that final frame gives a different dimensional meaning. Maybe the indication of reform, like that happens in the coming-of-age movies either good way or bad. So, according to this movie... Sorry, you have watch to know it.\r\n\r\nImpressive display by the lead two girls. Music, locations, everything was fine and holds the story till the last minute with same the intensity, then all the sudden releases it with a shocking twist. It was so quick and unexpected at that moment. So there's where I was disappointed a bit. The end should have been a more suitable one than preferable for a strong finish. But no complaints for the rest, a good teen drama which presents the evolution of love and trust to hate and disgust between two characters.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1254, 71157, 44269, 76532]}