{"tmdb_id": 270774, "title": "La Filature", "original_title": "Skiptrace", "slug_title": "la-filature", "date": "2016-07-21", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Pour arr\u00eater le patron de la p\u00e8gre qui a tu\u00e9 son partenaire et enlev\u00e9 la fille de celui-ci, un policier de Hong Kong fait \u00e9quipe avec un Am\u00e9ricain accro au jeu et fut\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sDTGLqXanwudLeOXKqfNgkxjSdU.jpg", "actors": ["Jackie Chan (Bennie Chan)", "Johnny Knoxville (Connor Watts)", "Fan Bingbing (Samatha Bai)", "Eric Tsang (Yung)", "Eve Torres (Dasha (as Eve Gracie))", "Winston Chao (Victor Wong)", "Yeon Jung-hoon (Willie)", "Shi Shi (Leslie)", "Michael Wong (Capt. Tang)", "Dylan Kuo (Esmon)", "Zhang Lanxin (Ting)", "Na Wei (Officer Wu)", "Charlie Rawes (Sergei)", "Mikhail Gorevoy (Dima, Russian Kingpin)", "Sara Forsberg (Dima's daughter)", "Jai Day (Vladmir)", "Richard Ng (Chinese man on bus)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A con and a cop team up against a notorious crime gang.**\r\n\r\nThis has been done in Hollywood a decade ago, which is now considered as outdated, but Hong Kong and Chinese are doing it now. What I meant was Jackie Chan teaming up with an American star. Though all those films are almost same, like running and chasing and stunts with the comedic sense. Yep, totally boring, nothing new it it, except different locations and the cast. The Russians addition was new, but in the end it became a joke. That's funny to say, because it is a comedy film.\r\n\r\nIf you are familiar with Jackie Chan's Hollywood films, then you already know the 90 per cent of this film and for the rest, you have to watch it. A cop from Hong Kong seeking a revenge for his partner's death, so now he has to find and rescue the American con man who stuck with the Russias gangster for the evidence he needed to put the criminal gang boss behind the bar. The adventurous journey they take across the Mongolia is what the film is based on.\r\n\r\nThis film is specially made for the yuan market, so don't bother if you don't carry yuan in your wallet. Maybe Renny Harlin's worst film I've ever seen. Jackie Chan is the only reason to watch it, but surely you have seen better films of his than this. Johnny Knoxville was just okay and the rest of the cast does not look good. Rewatching 'Shanghai Noon' and 'Rush Hours' films is better than this, so I'm not in favour of it.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [383785, 98567, 11134, 300168], "youtube_key": "z1iefFsPSaw"}