{"tmdb_id": 270782, "title": "Vetri Selvan", "original_title": "Vetri Selvan", "slug_title": "vetri-selvan", "date": "2014-06-20", "genre": "Thriller / Drame", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8OqcYClmDQ3mys8GXqF69BiyOeM.jpg", "actors": ["Ajmal Ameer (Vetri Selvan)", "Radhika Apte (Sujatha)", "Mano (Ananthakrishnan)", "Thalaivasal Vijay (Bhasyam)", "Kanja Karuppu ()", "Dinesh Lamba ()", "N. Azhagamperumal ()", "Swarna Thomas ()", "Sanjana Singh ()", "Aarthi ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "With Vetrichelvan, Rudhran wants to create awareness on the plight of the poor souls in mental health institutions, who have to spend their entire lives with the stigma of insanity attached to them. If only noble intentions can by themselves result in a good film! Even if we set aside the question of whether movies should really have a message, the sincerity in wanting to spread a message doesn't reflect in the inelegant filmmaking. The fault lies in the formulaic storytelling. The director chooses the tried and tested trope of a lighter first half with a mystery around the protagonist and a serious latter half where secrets are revealed and a point is made. But the problem here is that the initial set-up is very much non-existent.\r\n\r\nThe film begins with Vetri, Professor and Ganesan going to Ooty and sort-of settling there. We never get a sense of mystery around these characters even though we see them discussing their past in a guarded manner a couple of times. Instead, what we get is a mundane comedy track (featuring Ganja Karuppu) and a lifeless romantic track. The heroine, Sujatha, a criminal lawyer, gets friendly with Vetri and falls in love with him for now compelling reason. Nothing much happens during this long time (at least an hour) and it finally takes a disaster to get the plot in motion. Soon, the cops chase the friends and arrest them (Ganesan loses his life during this time) and it is only then we get to the real story \u2014 the three have actually escaped from a mental health institution and are wanted for the murder of a doctor there!\r\n\r\nIt is only when he gets to this serious segment that Rudhran displays his storytelling capabilities. We get an affecting story on the plight of the mentally insane, who are often at the mercy of others. And, there's suspense as well. There are people using the patients for their personal benefits in the place and when their eyes fall on Aarthi, a teenaged inmate, Vetri, Professor and Ganesan, who are attached to her, plan to flee from there with the girl with the help of a helpful warden. However, on the night of their escape, Aarthi goes missing and a doctor is found dead!\r\n\r\nEven here, it is the inherent drama that keeps us hooked. The prison break sub-plot isn't as tense as should be and there is inconsistency in how the place is portrayed. Vetri refers to it as a place where even animals will hesitate to enter but after an initial scene where we are shown the inmates being brutally treated, we are presented with a rather softer version of the place. Also, looking back, the introduction of the leads feels odd. They are shown in a merry mode but in the flashback we learn that they have escaped from the institution amidst great difficult and are worried for Aarthi.\r\n\r\nThere are a couple of things which are interesting. Sujatha is not a passive heroine. In fact, it is she who solves the mystery and saves Vetri and Professor. And, Rudhran doesn't have an 'All is well' ending. Instead, he gives us a bittersweet ending, telling us loud and clear that how uncaring the society is when it comes to the mentally-challenged."}], "recommandations_id": []}