{"tmdb_id": 270748, "title": "The Legend of Walks Far Woman", "original_title": "The Legend of Walks Far Woman", "slug_title": "the-legend-of-walks-far-woman", "date": "1982-05-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "2.8/10", "synopsis": "Walks Far Woman is a squaw of the Blackfoot tribe. She takes revenge on two men who killed her husband and then she is ostracized by her tribe. She then is adopted by the Sioux, the tribe of her mother, and there she tries to start a new life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o1vi6Y2lJHks5Qi6ryrRQ3kkeJj.jpg", "actors": ["Raquel Welch (Walks Far Woman)", "Bradford Dillman (Singer)", "Nick Mancuso (Horses Ghost)", "Branscombe Richmond (Big Lake)", "Eloy Casados (Nameless)", "George Clutesi (Old Grandfather)", "Frank Salsedo (Many Scalps)", "Hortensia Colorado (Red Hoop Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Keep walking...\r\n\r\nThe Legend of Walks Far Woman is directed by Mel Damski and adapted to screenplay by Evan Hunter from the novel Walks Far Woman written by Colin Stuart. It stars Raquel Welch, Bradford Dillman, George Clutesi, Nick Mancuso and Eloy Casados. Music is by Paul Chihara and cinematography by Gayne Rescher.\r\n\r\nAn honourable but flat picture that finds Welch as the titular title character, as a Native American woman we view her trials and tribulations, as seen from the Indian's point of view. Unfortunately the story is dull, only really springing to life once Custer is defeated late in the play. There we are perked and piqued by how the Indian's react, the women and children waiting to see what members of the tribe come back from Little Big Horn. The filching of the cavalry's dead bodies, and the army fight back that has such dire consequence for Walks Far Woman.\r\n\r\nUltimately it's a story worth telling, only it's told poorly, and not even the lovely Montana locations can offset the disappointment one feels once pic has finished. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72472, 73902, 217565, 37593], "youtube_key": "notfound"}