{"tmdb_id": 270781, "title": "Un Samayal Arayil", "original_title": "\u0b89\u0ba9\u0bcd \u0b9a\u0bae\u0bc8\u0baf\u0bb2\u0bb1\u0bc8\u0baf\u0bbf\u0bb2\u0bcd", "slug_title": "un-samayal-arayil", "date": "2014-06-06", "genre": "Romance", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ctzW3UQF8kJr2RtkmgO9ItH0K3b.jpg", "actors": ["Prakash Raj (Kalidasan)", "Sneha (Gowri)", "Urvashi ()", "Tejus Kancherla (Naveen)", "Samyukta Hornad (Meghana)", "Aishwarya (Asha)", "Elango Kumaravel (Vaidhi)", "Thambi Ramaiah (Krishna)", "Vidyullekha Raman ()", "Sanchari Vijay (Rama)", "Shivajirao Jadhav ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "It is always a difficult challenge to remake a movie. That too, one that has already garnered a lot of praise like Salt N' Pepper. Prakash Raj seems to have overcome that challenge admirably as his Un Samayalaraiyil does complete justice to the original.\r\n\r\nBeginning with the manner in which the humour sequences have been shot to the deep, meaningful thoughts that the movie manages to trigger in the minds of the viewers without actually coming across as being preachy, the movie has several pluses.\r\n\r\nA large part of the credit for the film's humour must go to Prakash Raj, Thambi Ramaiah and Elango Kumaravel, who, between them, effortlessly bring a smile to your face. In fact, they make you long for sequences featuring them. It's not just the humour parts that they excel in. They are brilliant even when it comes to showcasing the better qualities of being a human like caring for one another.\r\n\r\nA case in point would be the sequence in which Prakash Raj comes home one afternoon in a foul mood. He is served food by the cook, who, it is evident, is doing so for the praise that he hopes Prakash will shower on him after the meal. Unfortunately for him, Prakash Raj loses his temper, asks him to get out, and leaves the house in a huff. Elango Kumaravel, who, until that point in the movie is constantly at loggerheads with the cook, consoles him by praising his dishes. That scene moves you.\r\n\r\nThe film emphasizes several simple yet powerful thoughts such as the fact that love and trust go hand in hand and that, two people, who are in love, must look to sort out their differences all by themselves rather than looking for external help. More importantly, it also hints at the idea that even out of care, one must not overstep boundaries and make a decision for another.\r\n\r\nOne reason for the commendable manner in which the film has shaped up is its cast. Prakash Raj is brilliant in his portrayal of Kalidasan. Fearless at times, dumbfounded at others, Prakash does a fabulous job, handling both the humourous and serious sequences with the same effortless ease. Sneha as Gowri seems a little unconvincing at the start of the film. However, 20 minutes into the film, she shows why she is considered a class act. The lead pair is offered excellent support by Elango Kumaravel, Thambi Ramaiah, Aishwarya and Urvashi. Both Tejus, who plays Prakash's nephew, and Samyuktha Hornad, who plays Sneha's sister, show promise. This apart, one other factor that works in the film's favour is Ilaiyaraja's background score, which is exceptional at several places.\r\n\r\nOn the whole, this film is like a nutritious meal that not only fills your stomach but also leaves your taste buds tingling."}], "recommandations_id": []}