{"tmdb_id": 270767, "title": "Poovarasam Peepee", "original_title": "Poovarasam Peepee", "slug_title": "poovarasam-peepee", "date": "2014-05-30", "genre": ["Aventure"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "Three boys, who are spending their summer vacation together, witness a crime and decide to bring the guilty to book.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xd1Uy35kfb3lEYVHSz8NAZO8GWg.jpg", "actors": ["Gaurav Kaalai ()", "Pravin Kishore ()", "Vasanth ()", "Varshini ()", "Agalya Samuthirakani ()", "Samuthirakani ()", "Kaali Venkat ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Halitha Shameem explores the loss of innocence and the righteous anger of youth in her debut film, a refreshing (and a bit uneven) adventure story that is centred around three young boys. Venu Kanna, Harish and Kapil Dev are school friends who are spending their summer vacation in their small town. One day, they witness a crime which forces them to confront their boyhood and when the culprits manage to go scot free, the trio decides to get them their deserved punishment, chiefly by relying on their wits.\r\n\r\nWhile the boys discovering the culprits and bringing them to the book is the main plot, this is pushed to the sidelines now and then with tension killing sub-plots like the boys' infatuation with a couple of girls (too filmy), an animated segment on a Hindu-Muslim riot (indulgent) and a little too many coming-of-age moments (overlong); though, the scene in which a character has his first wet dream is treasure-worthy. The pace during the first hour is definitely leisurely and less lively it is only with a chase in the second half that the film hits its stride. It isn't exactly too late because once it finds its rhythm, Poovarasam Peepee turns into a thrilling ride with its irresistible David vs Goliath plot.\r\n\r\nWe had Goli Soda earlier this year which, too, revolved around a similar plot, but the films vastly differ in their sensibilities. Poovarasam Peepee is, in fact, closer in spirit to Enid Blyton's adventure stories, especially the Famous Five books, and Halitha deserves credit for the manner in which the three boys go about their task of implicating the criminals. The methods that the boys employ to get evidence of the crime are all plausible and never feel too grown-up. She gives all three characters traits that give us the impression that these boys are capable of doing what they do. Harish is shown as a tech wiz and so, we do not question the use of a military radio, which becomes an important tool in their battle. Venu has spunk and a sharp mind and thus saves them from getting caught twice. As for Kapil Dev, who is less studious than his friends, he is a team player who is resourceful enough and pitches in when it matters the most. And, when they get help from outsiders (an older boy, a fellow classmate), those scenes don't come across as dues ex machina as Halitha integrates them into the lives of the protagonists. The villains, too, aren't sitting ducks. They are violent enough and the only reason why they lose is because the boys are intelligent enough that their foes never guess their identity until the last shot."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NGGv760WGiM"}