{"tmdb_id": 270770, "title": "Mahabalipuram", "original_title": "\u0bae\u0b95\u0bbe\u0baa\u0bb2\u0bbf\u0baa\u0bc1\u0bb0\u0bae\u0bcd", "slug_title": "mahabalipuram", "date": "2015-03-13", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uTgDkHYIZUuW8CxY7dusdZn7bNt.jpg", "actors": ["Karunakaran (Kumar)", "RJ Ramesh Thilak (Kuppan)", "Karthik Sabesh (Saamy)", "Prem Kumar (Sathish)", "Angana Roy (Sangeetha)", "Vithika Sheru (Mahalakshmi)", "Supergood Subramani (Jailer)", "Vinayak (Panja)", "Jayakumar (Durai)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Mahabalipuram starts off on a slow note but by the time it ends, it leaves one startled and shattered. Seldom has a story in recent times been told in such a gripping fashion that it makes it hard for one not to compliment director Don Sandy for his efforts. \r\n\r\nThe film, through a touching love story, highlights not just dangerous crimes that prevail in society today but also seeks to draw the attention of the public in general and women in particular to a serious problem posed by tech-savvy criminals. It makes an honest attempt to delve into the minds of criminals and deals with a pressing issue of society in recent times.\r\nWhile the film might itself deal with dark elements like deceit, exploitation, backstabbing, and dangerous crimes, it is not completely devoid of entertainment - a case in point being a funny episode that is showcased in the first half of the film when Panja makes an attempt to get close to his lady love. Getting to know she loves bajjis, he poses to be a bajji seller. The manner in which his friends keep relocating his shop in a bid to catch her attention is really funny. \r\n\r\nSome exceptional work by the film's music director K and really tight editing by its editor Kim Aam seem to have lent the director a hand in raising the quality of the film. The work of cameraman Chandran Pattuswamy also cannot be ignored in this regard. \r\n\r\nOne other factor that seems to have worked in favour of Mahabalipuram is its cast. Almost all the actors in the film deliver big time, causing the film to have a telling impact on its audience. Standing out are Virthika, whose role as Mahalakshmi, and Vinayak, whose role as Panja, leave a lump in your throat by the time the film ends. \r\n\r\nThe manner in which all the knots are tied off at the end gives the impression that director Don Sandy is one who knows his profession well. He deserves full marks for having made a film that not only scores as an entertainer but also seeks to create an awareness on a form of crime that society urgently needs to address."}], "recommandations_id": []}