{"tmdb_id": 271110, "title": "Captain America : Civil War", "original_title": "Captain America: Civil War", "slug_title": "captain-america-civil-war", "date": "2016-04-27", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Steve Rogers est d\u00e9sormais \u00e0 la t\u00eate des Avengers, dont la mission est de prot\u00e9ger l'humanit\u00e9. \u00c0 la suite d'une de leurs interventions qui a caus\u00e9 d'importants d\u00e9g\u00e2ts collat\u00e9raux, le gouvernement d\u00e9cide de mettre en place un organisme de commandement et de supervision.  Cette nouvelle donne provoque une scission au sein de l'\u00e9quipe : Steve Rogers reste attach\u00e9 \u00e0 sa libert\u00e9 de s'engager sans ing\u00e9rence gouvernementale, tandis que d'autres se rangent derri\u00e8re Tony Stark, qui contre toute attente, d\u00e9cide de se soumettre au gouvernement...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kSBXou5Ac7vEqKd97wotJumyJvU.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Evans (Steve Rogers / Captain America)", "Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Sebastian Stan (James \"Bucky\" Barnes / Winter Soldier)", "Anthony Mackie (Sam Wilson / Falcon)", "Don Cheadle (James \"Rhodey\" Rhodes / War Machine)", "Jeremy Renner (Clint Barton / Hawkeye)", "Chadwick Boseman (T'Challa / Black Panther)", "Paul Bettany (Vision)", "Elizabeth Olsen (Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch)", "Paul Rudd (Scott Lang / Ant-Man)", "Emily VanCamp (Sharon Carter / Agent 13)", "Tom Holland (Peter Parker / Spider-Man)", "Daniel Br\u00fchl (Helmut Zemo)", "Frank Grillo (Brock Rumlow / Crossbones)", "William Hurt (Thaddeus \"Thunderbolt\" Ross)", "Martin Freeman (Everett K. Ross)", "Marisa Tomei (May Parker)", "John Kani (T'Chaka)", "John Slattery (Howard Stark)", "Hope Davis (Maria Stark)", "Alfre Woodard (Miriam Sharpe)", "Michael A. Cook (MRI Tech)", "Laughton Parchment (Vicar)", "Jackson Spidell (Josef / Super Soldier #1)", "Yi Long (Super Soldier #2)", "Heidi Moneymaker (Super Soldier #3)", "Aaron Toney (Super Soldier #4)", "Cale Schultz (Super Soldier #5)", "Ann Russo (Zemo's Wife (voice))", "Gene Farber (Vasily Karpov)", "Florence Kasumba (Ayo)", "Cornell John (Attach\u00e9)", "Sven H\u00f6nig (Man at Kiosk)", "Joshua Peck (GSG9 Task Force Gunner)", "Brent McGee (GSG9 Task Force Pilot)", "Be Satrazemis (German Innkeeper)", "Blair Jasin (Raft Guard)", "Oli Bigalke (Barge Man #1)", "Rafael Banasik (Barge Man #2)", "David de Vries (Custodian)", "Katie Amess (Woman in Lobby #1)", "Austin Sanders (Woman in Lobby #2)", "Brett Gentile (Delivery Truck Driver)", "John Curran (Funeral Director)", "Joe Russo (Theo Broussard (uncredited))", "Matthew Anderson (Choir)", "Andrew Botchwey (Choir)", "Chase Bradfield (Choir)", "Ernest Charles (Choir)", "Hendricks Coates (Choir)", "Ethan Condon (Choir)", "Shen Dynes (Choir)", "Nathaniel Ellis (Choir)", "Jariah Ferguson (Choir)", "Evan Ffrench (Choir)", "Justin Freeman (Choir)", "Ralphael Grand'Pierre (Choir)", "Julian Grimes (Choir)", "Aaron Hayes (Choir)", "Austin Hooper (Choir)", "Amiri Jones (Choir)", "Myles Joseph (Choir)", "Stephen Lewis (Choir)", "Jacob Ludwick (Choir)", "D'Mahrei McRae (Choir)", "Ashwin Mudaliar (Choir)", "Eli Ollinger (Choir)", "Parker Pape (Choir)", "Daniel Parada (Choir)", "Jonah Ruffin (Choir)", "Darryl Sampson (Choir)", "Cameron Sardone (Choir)", "Stanley Sellers (Choir)", "Miles Selles (Choir)", "Jacob Sung (Choir)", "Caden Wilkinson (Choir)", "Kim Scar (Chinese Newscaster)", "Jessica Walther-Gabory (German Newscaster #1)", "Beniamino Brogi (German Newscaster #2)", "Silvina Buchbauer (News Reporter)", "Henry Amadi (Busboy (Lagos))", "Ugochukwu Ani (Waiter (Lagos))", "Michael Anthony Rogers (Secretary Ross's Aide)", "Damion Poitier (Hero Merc #1)", "Umar Khan (Hero Merc #2)", "David Brown (Hero Merc #3)", "Guy Fernandez (Hero Merc #4)", "Jim Rash (M.I.T. Liaison)", "Sophia Russo (Teenage Girl)", "Stan Lee (FedEx deliveryman)", "Amelia Morck (UN Staffer Gibson)", "Kerry Condon (F.R.I.D.A.Y. (voice))", "Julianna Guill (Stark's Assistant)", "Surely Alvelo (Nurse)", "Brian Schaeffer (Cultural Attach\u00e9)", "Kevin LaRosa Jr. (Helicopter Pilot)", "Al Cerullo (Helicopter Pilot)", "Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric North (Helicopter Pilot)", "Ray Sahetapy (Auctioneer (uncredited))", "Oliver Bigalke (Barge Man #1)", "Chris Jai Alex (IFID (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Well another super-sized Marvel Comics superhero saga hits the big screen with the selected savior Captain America taking the top billing on the marquee. Thus, the pulsating popcorn pleaser **Captain America: Civil War** arrives on the scene to giddy audiences that have been loyal and fixated on the successful spring of mighty Marvel heroes that have been paraded to viewers throughout the last few years. Thankfully, **Captain America: Civil War** carries on the tradition of spry superhero-studded spectacles that have been glorious and adventurous from the stable of Marvel-based movies guaranteed to win over the enthusiastic hearts of avid comic book fanboys everywhere. Joyously overstuffed and convincingly extensive with a super team armed with crime-fighting excess, **Civil War** seizes the moment to introduce a noteworthy twist: two factions of rescuing superpowers engaging in some explosive in-house fighting led by two of Marvel Comics main standouts in Chris Evans\u2019s Captain America and Robert Downey Jr.\u2019s Iron Man.\r\n\r\nCo-directors Anthony Russo and Rene Russo were instinctively crafty to link the overly successful Iron Man film franchise to the **Captain America: Civil War** inner circle to ensure an even more treasured toxic atmosphere. Superhero fans will get a thrill of witnessing the extra add-ons concerning other dynamic titans to join the action-packed festivities involving Team Captain America versus Team Iron Man. True, **Civil War** has its share of flaws but that does not take away from this heroes-in-crisis flick demonstrating its ambitious overtones.\r\n\r\nSo what has caused the bad blood among the great and grand good guys known for protecting the world from evil dominance and destruction? Essentially the theme of collateral damage, the involvement regarding civilian-related deaths and injuries plus the world-wide backlash has created a controversy pitted against The Avengers. Specifically, Captain America (a.k.a. Steve Rogers) and Scarlet Witch/Wanda Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen)  are responsible for the boisterous battle that caused such negative sensation resulting in political turmoil. Avengers head honcho Iron Man (a.k.a. Tony Stark) is dealing with his own personal regrets in the ill-advised creation of the unpredictable Ultron. The political authority want to hold Iron Man, second-in-command Captain America and the rest of the Avengers accountable for the global devastation that have taking its toll when trying to oversee the potential harm wreaking havoc on humanity.\r\n\r\nLeading the charge in putting a watchful eye on the labeled reckless Avengers is Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross (William Hurt) that suggests the super group be monitored by the United Nations. Naturally friction develops between the superheroes that either agree with Ross\u2019s UN restriction policies or disagree with being placed under a microscope that threatens to handcuff their free-wheeling heroic duties. All these contrasting beliefs eventually turn into epic back-and-forth confrontations where the raging Avengers are at odds with each other.\r\n\r\nFor Stark/Iron Man\u2019s stance, he is willing to toe the line and ultimately agree that his crew needs to tone down their tenacious tactics as crime-stoppers. Iron Man\u2019s consciousness, particularly in the case of a disillusioned mother (Alfre Woodward) making him feel guilt-ridden over her son\u2019s death during an intense Battle of Sokovia, is probably the main factor behind his decision to have his team reigned in a bit from the political watchdogs. Siding with Iron Man\u2019s viewpoint are the likes of Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), Vision (Paul Bettany) and War Machine (Don Cheadle). As for Rogers/Captain America, he is not too thrilled being put in check by the intrusive governmental pencil-pushers that want to scrutinize the team\u2019s every move. Standing with Captain America firmly are Falcon (Anthony Mackie) and the aforementioned Scarlet Witch.\r\n\r\nOn top of Captain America\u2019s current Avengers-oriented strife in his contentious mingling with Iron Man and his ardent backers, he now finds himself trying to defend his old buddy-turned-wanted man Winter Soldier (Sebastian Stan) who is accused of killing civilians. Iron Man believes in Winter Soldier\u2019s innocence and goes so far as to help him escape. Yes\u2026Winter Soldier does come with more baggage attached to him\u2013mainly in the form of the menacing Zemo (Daniel Bruhl).\r\n\r\nThe Russos and screenwriters Christopher Marckus and Stephen McFeely (all attached to the previous \u201cCaptain America: Winter Soldier\u201d) provide the eyeful visual effects that predictably stimulate and effectively add to the overload of frenzied frolicking in this boisterous blockbuster. Certainly the deepened angst among this bombastic bunch works far more solidly than what was displayed in the stiffened and problematic Batman v. Superman. The notion that the entire globe and its leaders are weary of all the collective chaos at the hands of the Avengers trying to save their hides is a bit ridiculous. Besides, why are not the foes of the Avengers put on the hot coals for the societal ruination? It seems rather counterproductive to chastise the noble superpowers offering the safety of mankind yet the detractors not being grateful for the services that the Avengers bring to the table. It is somewhat convoluted to think that the global community are sour on our heralded heroes or that the heat generated within the walls will completely destroy the Avengers and their colorful, capable colleagues.\r\n\r\nThe movie\u2019s aptly entitled **Civil War** does invite more punch to the proceedings especially when a who\u2019s who of superhero showstoppers join the feisty fray at hand. The noted inclusion of defiant do-gooders are packed with the likes of Spider-Man (Tom Holland), the retired returnee Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner), Ant-Man (Paul Rudd), and nifty newcomer Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman). No doubt Captain America: Civil War is the impish and energizing launch pad for upcoming Marvel-induced movies waiting to make their future distinctive arrival on the big screen. Although Evans\u2019s steady and charismatic Captain America more than holds his own as the solo act billed in the film\u2019s title one cannot overlook Downey\u2019s compelling Iron Man as the reliable source that lifts the profile of Evans\u2019s Masked Wonder. This is indeed a collaborative big score for the glorified costumed cast but special kudos are reserved for Stan\u2019s killing culprit as well as Boseman\u2019s African president assuming the slick and resourceful Black Panther.\r\n\r\nYeah, **Captain America: Civil War** is true to its frenetic form as revved up entertainment preparing moviegoers for the upcoming summertime sizzle at the box office. After all, the on-screen Marvel Comics gravy train keeps moving merrily along so stay tuned.\r\n\r\n**Captain America: Civil War (2016)**\r\n\r\nWalt Disney Pictures\r\n\r\n2 hrs 26 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Chris Evans, Robert Downey, Jr., Scarlett Johansson, Sebastian Stan, Anthony Mackie, Don Cheadle, Jeremy Renner, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Rudd, Daniel Bruhl, Alfre Woodward, William Hurt\r\n\r\nDirected by: Anthony Russo and Joe Russo\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Superheroes Saga/Action and Adventure/Science Fiction/Fantasy\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s Rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n**(c) Frank Ochieng**"}, {"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "The Russo Brother's and Marvel did it again! Read my full review here!\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews/captain-america-civil-war-review"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The heroes're divided and so the fans!**\r\n\r\nBefore watching this I thought what the Avengers are doing here. I believed they got the title wrong. Once I watched it, I'm still the same. Because it did not look like the Captain America's film, he never was dominated, so calling it as his film totally inappropriate. Technically, it is a third Avengers film and well done. I liked it, it was entertaining. But the Civil War means it's nothing a nation's war within, just these super-guys fight for themselves against what kind of administration they want to come under.\r\n\r\nI think they have heard that people's complaint about blowing up the buildings during reviewing other films by bringing up this one. So they finger pointed those events in this narration and that is one of the reasons for the Civil War to take place. Particularly disturbing the public and loss of many lives when these powerful men fighting the bad guys. The fun part is they are off the street and had a most important confrontation of the film in a deserted airfield. So does it make people who were whining about that be happy?\r\n\r\nI don't know, but as an entertaining film, it did everything it can give the best for the viewers. Like the title and posters reveal, the heroes are divided here and probably you're going to take a side. Like usual, I'm with the Stark. So if you're like me, then you would feel the annoyance with the opposite team, particularly like Antman and obviously Captain America's rebellious decision. It was like the world versus United States, because only Americans are behind Captain America. Anyway, I did not like dividing the fans and what this film has been a serious damage. I hope the fans won't take it seriously.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Recently I have quite liked the Marvel movies that I have watched. Sadly I did not like this movie at all. The only reason that it does not get a zero or one star rating is cool special effects and a few laughs.\r\n\r\nI want my heroes to be just that, heroes. Unfortunately this movie gets off on the wrong foot right away by not only \u201cincriminating\u201d the Avengers in the eyes of dimwit politicians and putting them on surveillance of a political body but to make matters worse it is the useless black hole of taxpayers money, the\u00a0United Nations, that are supposed to surveil them. That pretty much ruined the movie right away for me.\r\n\r\nWhen I though that it could not get any worse it actually does. In true Hollywood fashion the Avengers start to bicker and fight among themselves.\r\n\r\nThe few redeeming qualities\u00a0of this movie\u00a0is great special effects and a few fun comments that made me laugh from time to time. Even the ending is pretty crappy with the Avengers remaining divided and the main bad guy feeling that he achieved what he wanted.\r\n\r\nTechnically there is not really anything wrong with the movie. The actors are good, the filming is good and, as I wrote, the special effects are great. The story however is not my cup of tea to put it mildly. I cannot express how much I despised the story in this movie."}, {"pseudo": "ianlo930627", "content": "Good movie, love Captain American."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "<b>A long form review originally posted in 2016</b>\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s commonplace for me to need more than one viewing to really nail down my feelings on a movie, that\u2019s particularly true of MCU, and even more so of this particular film. That all said, here is my initial reaction to _Captain America: Civil War_.\r\n\r\nAs is often the case, it\u2019s hard to write down too comprehensive a post about a film this early on while remaining totally spoiler-free, so for starters, I\u2019ll just go ahead and ask the thing that was on my mind from about five minutes in to _Civil War_: I want to know how it is that two guys who have a filmography so firmly rooted in sitcoms of all things, manage to direct action this spectacularly? Honestly. It\u2019s insane.\r\n\r\n_Winter Soldier_ is one of the strongest MCU films in my opinion, and just like that felt mostly like a follow up to both the prior _Captain America_ film and the prior _Avengers_ film, _Civil War_ feels the same, but for the sequels to said films (_Winter Soldier_ and _Age of Ultron_). That said, it might lean a little too far on to the side of _Avengers_-sequel, and a little too light on the _Cap_-sequel. If you had to pick a lead here, it would be Steve Rogers, no mistake, but this does feel like a film painted with a very broad brush of characterisation to be solely a \u201c_Captain America_\u201d movie.\r\n\r\nConsidering the sheer scope of the piece, it\u2019s amazing that the Russo brothers managed to get the ball rolling on _Civil War_ as well as they did. Even so, there are a couple of roles I felt could have been cut altogether without really impacting the story, and that time could perhaps have been used to serve some underrepresented puzzle pieces. Perhaps both the inclusion in places and lack of inclusion in others is because of plans for future MCU films (though certainly not all instances can use that excuse) but either way, if I\u2019m hunting for flaws, that to some degree is one.\r\n\r\nI will say, that for all of _Civil War\u2019s_ ups and downs (mostly ups), it is both a worthy entrant into Marvel\u2019s franchise, and perhaps even more importantly, it actually even addresses some of the problems left in _Age of Ultron_. Of course the acting is all above board, the primary action set-piece is just dumbfoundingly fun, and the evolution of the mythology meshes with the universe at large.\r\n\r\n_Civil War_ may not be my favourite superhero movie, or even my favourite MCU movie (I mean it also might be, I think I need to give it at least another two watches to be sure) but it might just be the best comic book adaptation movie. By that, I don\u2019t mean it accurately portrayed the events of the Marvel \u201cCivil War\u201d event from back 2006, because that\u2019s not even close to true. What I mean is, there are so many instances that manage capture the spirit of what the comics are. And you almost feel like you are watching one unfold before you on the screen. A glorious, squillion dollar, two and a half hour comic book.\r\n\r\nOh yeah. And the new superheroes introduced in _Civil War_? They\u2019ve got me pretty bloody excited.\r\n\r\n79%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "The Captain America movies have managed to ground the MCU by exploring the political and social climate created by the Avengers' existence. Actions have consequences and consequences influence more action.\r\n\r\nCivil War isn't as focused as The Winter Soldier. It's also overstuffed with characters and fan service. However, the movie works by always being intriguing. Both sides of the conflict are portrayed as equally valid. The exploration of superhero accountability isn't anything new (explored in Watchmen and The Dark Knight), but it's nice to see it incorporated into a grand cinematic universe. Also, Captain Zemo is a better than average villain because while underdeveloped, his motive is interesting and not just \"destroy the world.\"\r\n\r\nAlso, SPIDER-MAN IS FINALLY IN THE MCU!!!! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01"}], "recommandations_id": [99861, 100402, 102899, 284052], "youtube_key": "dKrVegVI0Us"}