{"tmdb_id": 271674, "title": "Suite Fran\u00e7aise", "original_title": "Suite Fran\u00e7aise", "slug_title": "suite-francaise", "date": "2014-11-05", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Guerre", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Cinquante ans apr\u00e8s la mort d'Ir\u00e8ne N\u00e9mirovsky sa fille trouve le courage de lire son journal et y d\u00e9couvre une histoire incroyable...  1940 - France. Attendant des nouvelles de son mari, prisonnier de guerre, la sublime Lucile Angellier m\u00e8ne son existence sous l'oeil inquisiteur de sa belle-m\u00e8re. Mais bient\u00f4t arrive une garnison de soldats allemands qui s'installe chez l'habitant. Elle essaye d'abord d'ignorer Bruno, l'\u00e9l\u00e9gant officier qui s\u00e9journe chez elles. Ils succomberont \u00e0 l'amour au bout de quelques semaines, ce qui va les mener vers les trag\u00e9dies de la guerre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7O6UO0yHgUsYReW5hkr50psgYxe.jpg", "actors": ["Michelle Williams (Lucille Angellier)", "Kristin Scott Thomas (Madame Angellier)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Lieutenant Bruno Von Falk)", "Sam Riley (Benoit Labarie)", "Ruth Wilson (Madeleine Labarie)", "Heino Ferch (Major)", "Tom Schilling (Lieutenant Kurt Bonnet)", "Harriet Walter (Viscountess Montmort)", "Alexandra Maria Lara (Leah)", "Clare Holman (Marthe)", "Margot Robbie (Celine Joseph)", "Lambert Wilson (Viscount Montmort)", "Eric Godon (Monsieur Joseph)", "Deborah Findlay (Madame Joseph)", "Vincent Doms (Young Priest)", "Simon Dutton (Maurice Michaud)", "Diana Kent (Jeanne Michaud)", "Th\u00e9mis Pauwels (Anna)", "Nicolas Chagrin (Father Bracelet)", "Bernice Stegers (Madame Perrin)", "Paul Ritter (Monsieur Dubois)", "Niclas Rohrwacher (Jerome (Bruno's Orderly))", "Luan Gummich (Florian)", "Martin Swabey (Gustav)", "Tara Casey (Madame Goulot)", "Moritz Heidelbach (Junior Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The two nations fighting each other, but not these two...**\r\n\r\nA romance-drama that's set in the backdrop of the world war two. It tells the story of a young wife whose husband fighting Germans during the 1940s war. When her village was taken control by the Nazi army, an officer was assigned to stay in her house. He's not like the other German soldiers, they both unexpectedly fall in love, despite all the troubles around. An affair to keep hidden from everyone, though it was the beneficial in a way to those who are suffering. Practically impossible to keep it going, so how long and how it lasts follows in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nA completely different kind of the world war two drama I have ever seen. Not easy to accept, since we know how that war was fought. But it was really a good take, something softer and romantic side. Michelle Williams and Matthias Schoenaerts were too good in their respective roles. Well made film with the beautiful cinematography and music, especially the direction.\r\n\r\nThis film's special was its original source. That's an interesting story than this film. It was based on the book that published in 2004, but the manuscript was over 50 years old which was written during pre WWII. There are some tense moments, as well as romantically appeals, but the war influences all those to shape up the entire film. Surprised, because it was better than my anticipation. Only the end should have been improved. Like they concluded it by oral declaration, I would have liked them in the pictures, even it extends for another 15 or more minutes. Not recommended for everyone, but also not bad to try by everyone.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [250734, 283227, 284689, 88273]}