{"tmdb_id": 27172, "title": "Le Reptile", "original_title": "There Was a Crooked Man...", "slug_title": "le-reptile", "date": "1970-09-18", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Paris Pitman Jr., prisonnier \u00e0 la forte personnalit\u00e9, se sert de l'humanisme du nouveau directeur pour pr\u00e9parer son \u00e9vasion. Il manipule ses co-d\u00e9tenus pour obtenir leur aide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1WKbhwwvEJOxATMl1HpHcbS6Ue.jpg", "actors": ["Kirk Douglas (Paris Pitman, Jr.)", "Henry Fonda (Woodward W. Lopeman)", "Hume Cronyn (Dudley Whinner)", "Warren Oates (Floyd Moon)", "Burgess Meredith (The Missouri Kid)", "John Randolph (Cyrus McNutt)", "Lee Grant (Mrs. Bullard)", "Arthur O'Connell (Mr. Lomax)", "Martin Gabel (Warden LeGoff)", "Michael Blodgett (Coy Cavendish)", "C.K. Yang (Ah-Ping)", "Alan Hale Jr. (Tobaccy)", "Victor French (Whiskey)", "Claudia McNeil (Madam)", "Bert Freed (Skinner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Don't tell me you can't make speeches; you could talk a coyote out of a chicken.\r\n\r\nThere Was a Crooked Man... is directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and written by David Newman and Robert Benton. It stars Kirk Douglas, Henry Fonda, Hume Cronyn, Warren Oates, Burgess Meredith, John Randolph and Michael Blodgett. Music is by Charles Strouse and cinematography by Harry Stradling Jr.\r\n\r\nPlot has Douglas as Paris Pitman Jr., an unscrupulous thief who after stealing and hiding in a rattlesnake's nest half a million dollars, gets caught and sent to an Arizona prison for ten years. Once there his plan is simple, to befriend as many cons as he can so they can help him escape. Dangling the carrot of sharing his stash with those who help him, Pitman's plan may be usurped by the arrival of new Warden Woodward Lopeman (Fonda)?\r\n\r\nJoseph L. Mankiewicz's only venture into the Western sphere is an odd picture in many ways, but not in a bad way, sort of! Coming as it did at the start of the 1970s when the Western was for what was to be some time, on its last legs, the pic blends comedy with cynicism and violence with choice characterisations. Taking bold decisions in not making this a straight run of the mill genre piece, it's unsurprising to find that Warner Brothers got itchy feet and cut a whopping forty minutes from the original cut of the film, footage that to this day has never seen the light of day. This is a crying shame for although it doesn't make the film a mess in any shape or form, it does stop it from being the more edgy piece it was meant to be,\r\n\r\nWith a super cast list fronted by a strong dynamic between Douglas and Fonda, story thrives by pretty much having nobody being straight as an arrow. In fact one of the strengths in the narrative is in setting us up for some surprises, we are never quite sure how this is going to pan out. As the violence, crafty scheming and general crookedness that exists within the prison simmers along, it's set up a treat for the pay off at story's culmination, something which has proven to be divisive (for me it's a doozy). At times it feels like we are in a knockabout comedy, yet this is merely a trick in the tale, the makers are in it for sucker punch merit, craftily flipping the finger whilst embracing moral decay.\r\n\r\nHard to recommend with great confidence for it is an acquired taste, but it's fascinating as a snapshot of when the Western was gasping for breath, and rewards are there for those willing to buy into its devilish oddities. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40630, 28484, 314149, 31935]}