{"tmdb_id": 271718, "title": "Crazy Amy", "original_title": "Trainwreck", "slug_title": "crazy-amy", "date": "2015-07-17", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Depuis sa plus tendre enfance, le p\u00e8re d\u2019Amy n\u2019a eu de cesse de lui r\u00e9p\u00e9ter qu\u2019il n\u2019est pas r\u00e9aliste d\u2019\u00eatre monogame. Devenue journaliste, Amy vit selon ce cr\u00e9do \u2013 appr\u00e9ciant sa vie de jeune femme libre et d\u00e9sinhib\u00e9e loin des relations amoureuses, qu\u2019elle consid\u00e8re \u00e9touffantes et ennuyeuses ; mais en r\u00e9alit\u00e9, elle s\u2019est un peu enlis\u00e9e dans la routine. Quand elle se retrouve \u00e0 craquer pour le sujet de son nouvel article, un brillant et charmant m\u00e9decin du sport nomm\u00e9 Aaron Conners, Amy commence \u00e0 se demander si les autres adultes, y compris ce type qui semble vraiment l\u2019appr\u00e9cier, n\u2019auraient pas quelque chose \u00e0 lui apprendre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2USk7mhiCXRkU9NzttXCzOjg2iV.jpg", "actors": ["Amy Schumer (Amy Townsend)", "Bill Hader (Dr. Aaron Conners)", "Brie Larson (Kim Townsend)", "Colin Quinn (Gordon Townsend)", "Vanessa Bayer (Nikki)", "Tilda Swinton (Dianna)", "LeBron James (LeBron James)", "Mike Birbiglia (Tom)", "John Cena (Steven)", "Dave Attell (Noam)", "Norman Lloyd (Norman)", "Ezra Miller (Donald)", "Daniel Radcliffe (The Dogwalker)", "Marisa Tomei (The Dog Owner)", "Jon Glaser (Schultz)", "Randall Park (Bryson)", "Evan Brinkman (Allister)", "Pete Davidson (Dr. Conner's Patient)", "Tim Meadows (Tim)", "Kyle Dunnigan (Kyle)", "Amar'e Stoudemire (Himself)", "Matthew Broderick (Himself)", "Marv Albert (Himself)", "Leslie Jones (Angry Subway Patron)", "Method Man (Temembe)", "Kim Caramele (S'nuff Receptionist)", "Josh Segarra (Staten Island Oli)", "Nikki Glaser (Lisa)", "Bridget Everett (Kat)", "Chris Evert (Chris Evert)", "Lisa K. Price (Woman on Bench with One-Hitter)", "Tommy Bayiokos (Gordon's Friend (uncredited))", "Jessica Cherniak (Benefit Guest (uncredited))", "Claudia O'Doherty (Wendy)", "Henry Gagliardi (Amy's son (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The same old romance formula, but a woman's version.\r\n\r\nI never saw the trailer, but I thought it was Rebel Wilson's film, that's who I saw on the poster and decided to go for it. In the movie she never came, then realised I was tricked or I failed to pay attention while choosing the film. So then, who the heck was this actress. Never seen or heard before, Not so romantic or funny, totally boring. I thought She might be Will Ferrell's sister. I'm kind of frustrated because of either the movie or the actors were not excited to keep going with my watch.\r\n\r\nThis is the same old story, but instead it's a woman's version. A playgirl loses the someone who loves her sincerely for what she's and later finds the one true love of her life, but it ends in a disaster due to her past. So how everything is going to be fixed is what brings curtain to the narration.\r\n\r\nIt might be a well known plot, but a well crafted movie as well by one of the best comedy filmmaker who has given many awesome ones. Despite his effort to make it big it is also his bottom of the list from his filmography. Well, not all the actors were so bad, John Cena was so funny with his gay jokes, but lot like in a guest appearance. The basketball superstar that I don't know him. Definitely better than average only if a quality movie like this would have had a proper lead actress. I think some people would find it hilarious, but not to me and I wanted to like it, but I couldn't.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [266294, 238713, 257091, 288036], "youtube_key": "y_KP9x80Z9Q"}