{"tmdb_id": 271736, "title": "The Program", "original_title": "The Program", "slug_title": "the-program", "date": "2015-09-16", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Evocation du destin hors normes du champion cycliste am\u00e9ricain Lance Armstrong, de sa lutte contre le cancer au scandale de dopage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mVAipqRlV2YMemqtNrILEFT2Rr2.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Foster (Lance Armstrong)", "Chris O'Dowd (David Walsh)", "Dustin Hoffman (Bob Hamman)", "Jesse Plemons (Floyd Landis)", "Lee Pace (Bill Stapleton)", "Guillaume Canet (Medecin Michele Ferrari)", "Edward Hogg (Frankie Andreu)", "Denis M\u00e9nochet (Johan Bruyneel)", "Elaine Cassidy (Betsy Andreu)", "Laura Donnelly (Emma O'Reilly)", "Chris Larkin (John Wilcockson)", "Sid Phoenix (Tony)", "Peter Wight (Sunday Times editor)", "Nathan Wiley (Charles Pelkey)", "Mark Little (Rupert Guinness)", "Josh O'Connor (Rich)", "Michael G. Wilson (Lance's Doctor)", "James Harkness (Wayne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> What would you choose to do if you get a second chance in your life.\r\n\r\nI think it came at the right time. The recent report says there are lots of athletes around the world from the different sports failed their doping tests. But this story sets around the 15 years ago, which was based on the real sportsperson's life story. Lance Armstrong, a cyclist from the Texas and his record breaking back to back wins at the 'The Tour de France'. The film narrates a tale that what he chose to do with the second chance of his life.\r\n\r\nA very interesting biopic, but kind of confusing over what kind of revelation the film is. I mean whether inspiring to fight back the disease, especially what he contributed to the poor and orphan cancer patients, or cheating the game to become a fame. So what I think is it has the both positives and negatives. I liked the balanced screenplay, that is very smart for a controversial person like this.\r\n\r\nIt's like a modern 'Robinhood' tale. But here, he's not stealing from the rich, instead he cheats the game. Those tricks were unbelievable. That's not the right thing to do, but that's what he's good at. Ben Foster was amazing, I'd seen him doing lots of supporting roles, but for this he's the posterboy. This film is a great example that the lies cannot go on forever, sooner or later the justice will be done. People hate him and so this film. There are others who like him as well, but I'm neutral and people like me has to go through a hard time to rate it.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [245916, 321751, 246080, 245698]}