{"tmdb_id": 271969, "title": "Ben-Hur", "original_title": "Ben-Hur", "slug_title": "ben-hur", "date": "2016-08-17", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Ben-Hur retrace l\u2019histoire \u00e9pique de Judah Ben-Hur, un prince accus\u00e9 \u00e0 tort de trahison par Messala, son fr\u00e8re adoptif, officier de l\u2019arm\u00e9e romaine. D\u00e9chu de son titre, s\u00e9par\u00e9 de sa famille et de la femme qu\u2019il aime, Judah est r\u00e9duit \u00e0 l\u2019esclavage. Apr\u00e8s des ann\u00e9es en mer, Judah revient sur sa terre natale dans le but de se venger. Il va y rencontrer son destin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xo6niyf90QTimKOppsIiKPuDhIL.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Huston (Judah Ben-Hur)", "Pilou Asb\u00e6k (Pontius Pilate)", "Rodrigo Santoro (J\u00e9sus Christ)", "Morgan Freeman (Sheik Ilderim)", "Ayelet Zurer (Naomi Ben-Hur)", "Toby Kebbell (Messala Severus)", "Nazanin Boniadi (Esther)", "Sofia Black-D'Elia (Tirzah Ben-Hur)", "Marwan Kenzari (Druses)", "Mois\u00e9s Arias (Gestas)", "James Cosmo (Quintus Arius)", "Haluk Bilginer (Simonides)", "Stefano Scherini (Peter)", "David Walmsley (Marcus Decimus)", "Yasen Atour (Jacob)", "Francesco Scianna (Kadeem)", "Gabriel Farnese (Elijah)", "Denise Tantucci (Avigail)", "Jarreth Merz (Flores)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "Last time I watched the Ben-Hur with Charlton Heston the thought did not cross my mind that perhaps the world needed another version of the story directed by the guy who brought us Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and that weird movie where they make bullets bend.\r\n\r\nAnyway, the Heston version is one of my favorite movies. I saw it when I was 8 and two times when I was about 20. I love it and quote it all the time.\r\n\r\nBut this is not a review of that version because (surprise!) it is not that version. This is a review of the 2016 version and I don't feel it is fair to give this movie a bad rating simply because it was an unnecessary remake. In case you are wondering, this is the sixth version of Ben-Hur.\r\n\r\nThe story follows Judah Ben-Hur, a Jewish prince in Jerusalem at the time of Christ, and his adopted Roman brother Massala. They love each other but they get in the middle of an attempted assassination on a Roman leader and wind up on opposing sides. They both feel they are in the right, get in a very sticky situation, and thus begins an 5 year journey of survival, revenge, forgiveness.\r\n\r\nI liked the movie. The chariot race was thrilling. I was worried about it because the trailer showed a scene which an obvious CGI horse running through the stands. To my delight that was the only part that really used a CGI horse (that I could tell, anyway). The rest of the race was intense even though I already knew how it was going to end.\r\n\r\nThe movie focuses very heavily on the relationship between Massala and Judah as well as Massala and the rest of the Hur family. Massala's intentions and actions were understandable and he wasn't just some evil man who betrayed his family.\r\n\r\nThe main actors and actresses do a good (not great) job. I felt Morgan Freeman may have phoned it in a little, but he delivered one of my favorite lines of the movie. My favorite actors were the slave drivers on the galley along with the drummer. They have small roles but I loved them.\r\n\r\nI didn't care for the Jesus scenes though. He is a hard character to portray, and I just didn't like it when he spoke. I'm probably picky, but I would have preferred to hear him speak in King James English or not at all (like in the Heston version). I just felt something was off with the scenes and they could have been more powerful.\r\n\r\nOverall, I felt it was a pretty good movie that succeeds in many aspects chiefly with the themes of revenge/forgiveness and delivers one exciting race. It's not perfect but a good movie overall."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**They've grown up together and later turned up to each other.**\r\n\r\nI had seen the old film and I liked that. So remake means we expect nothing less than a visual spectacular and this film had them at its best, including many more great features, but the real stars are missing. It was a let down without any notable performances. Besides, the idea of upgrading the story was good, though not everyone going to like that. Particularly the one who loved the old film or the versions.\r\n\r\nThe length is justified. For the kind of story the film narrates, the pace was very good. So for me this is not a bad flick, but just some key features missing like I said the star value. For the first timers, like today's generation, this film might work, but for the others most probably not. And the end was disappointing, because it felt like watching a Disney film that made for children and families.\r\n\r\nI think the director of 'Wanted' did his job as it required. Definitely not an unnecessary remake, but should have been careful in the historic events. Overall, it fell short of depth. You won't feel emotions and/or the character's struggle. In the end it became just an entertainment product and if you expect beyond that, you are only responsible for that. So good luck with the watch if you are yet to give it a try.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [205584, 311324, 267860, 335778]}