{"tmdb_id": 27203, "title": "They Won't Believe Me", "original_title": "They Won't Believe Me", "slug_title": "they-won-t-believe-me", "date": "1947-07-16", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "A stockbroker (Robert Young) tells the court how his rich wife and one of two girlfriends (Susan Hayward, Jane Greer) died.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1JiGKsj9kfaU6BA0ZyeCX5O4Cen.jpg", "actors": ["Susan Hayward (Verna Carlson)", "Robert Young (Larry Ballentine)", "Jane Greer (Janice Bell)", "Rita Johnson (Greta Ballentine)", "Tom Powers (Trenton)", "George Tyne (Lieutenant Carr)", "Don Beddoe (Thomason)", "Frank Ferguson (Mr. Cahill, Defense Attorney)", "Harry Harvey (Judge Charles Fletcher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Touched by the hand of God/Satan.\r\n\r\nThey Won't Believe Me is directed by Irving Pichel and adapted to screenplay by Jonathan Latimer from a story by Gordon McDonell. It stars Robert Young, Susan Hayward, Jane Greer and Rita Johnson. Music is by Roy Webb and cinematography by Harry J. Wild.\r\n\r\nLarry Ballentine (Young) is on trial for murder and he tells his story in flashback. Three dames and fate does not a good mix make.\r\n\r\n\"She looked like a very special kind of dynamite, neatly wrapped in nylon and silk. Only I wasn't having any. I'd been too close to one explosion already. I was powder shy\".\r\n\r\nA splendid slice of noir drama is put together by a group of film makers who knew how to make the noir style of film making work. The story has all the requisite ingredients to lure the interested viewers in, twists and turns, vipers and snipers, dialogue so sharp you could cut a steak with it, and a love rat protagonist (Young splendid in a break from his normal roles) being toyed with by Old Noir Nick and his friend The Fate.\r\n\r\nIn true noir tradition the plot is a little \"out there\", the middle section drags at times, while Harry Wild's cinematography doesn't kick in till a good hour into the play (worth the wait though!). But this is a little noir treasure waiting to be seen by more people. It's not unknown, the cast list ensures that is not the case, but in film noir circles it doesn't often crop up for discussion. It should, for it's tricky and devilish and pays off with a finale straight out of noirville. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26592, 28560, 45975, 35017], "youtube_key": "db8qDFOEyNU"}