{"tmdb_id": 272020, "title": "The Last Night", "original_title": "Az utols\u00f3 \u00e9jszaka", "slug_title": "the-last-night", "date": "1917-11-30", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Gitta, a young woman who used to be a famous primadonna before her marriage, abandons her husband and her son for the sake of the theatre and goes to Russia with an actor, V\u00e1ndori. She performs in cabaret as a dancer and is very popular with Russian officers. A Russian colonel falls in love with her, and the debauched V\u00e1ndori organizes a secret date for the colonel with Gitta. The colonel wants the woman to become his mistress, but she rejects him. V\u00e1ndori is a gambler, first he gambles away Gitta\u2019s jewellery, then Gitta as well. Years later, at the outbreak of WWI, Gitta leaves Russia with the help of the colonel. She returns home to find her family. She learns about her husband\u2019s death and her son\u2019s disappearance. She becomes a successful actress. A young man falls in love with her, but she recognizes him as her son.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xRC5FgWqA3mlc9IPibKFQiN9nPy.jpg", "actors": ["J\u00f3zsef Berky (N\u00e9ger t\u00e1ncos)", "Lili Berky (Gitta)", "Mih\u00e1ly Fekete (V\u00e1ndori)", "Elem\u00e9r Het\u00e9nyi (Orosz tiszt)", "Adorj\u00e1n Nagy (Baracs Endre)", "Vilmos Lengyel (Mikl\u00f3s, Gitta fia)", "Andor Szak\u00e1cs (Orosz ezredes)", "Ferenc Ujv\u00e1ri (Orosz tiszt)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}