{"tmdb_id": 272238, "title": "Powderkeg", "original_title": "Powderkeg", "slug_title": "powderkeg", "date": "1971-04-16", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "A Mexican bandit is about to be executed in the United States. So his brother takes over a train and holds the passengers as hostages unless his brother is released. Now both the Americans and Mexicans are baffled as to what to do. But one of the passengers, who wrote the letter for their captor, has a suggestion; call Hank Brackett and Johnny Reech, two mercenaries. Which they do. And as expected they do come up with a plan but the President of the Railroad is not sure if it will work.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bYTOmcjD8tLiuMzRbbAgfObSCRW.jpg", "actors": ["Rod Taylor (Hank Brackett)", "Dennis Cole (Johnny Reach)", "Fernando Lamas (Chucho Morales)", "John McIntire (Cyrus Davenport)", "Michael Ansara (Paco Morales)", "Tisha Sterling (Beth Parkinson)", "Melodie Johnson (Miss Baker)", "Reni Santoni (Ricardo Sandoval)", "Luciana Paluzzi (Juanita Sierra-Perez)", "Joe De Santis (Col. Delgado)", "Jay Novello (Pablo Sandoval)", "James Brown (Sheriff Lynch)", "Roy Jenson (Briggs)", "Todd Martin ()", "William Bryant (Major Bill Buckner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Unique train-oriented Western with Rod Taylor and several notables of the era\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1971 and written & directed by Douglas Heyes, \"Powderkeg\" chronicles events in 1914 when Mexican renegades led by Chucho Morales (Fernando Lamas) hijack a train for leverage to get his brother out of jail in New Mexico (Michael Ansara). Two adventurer-mercenaries (Rod Taylor and Dennis Cole) are enlisted to rescue the 73 passengers and take care of the banditos.\r\n\r\nWhile this was a TV movie, it\u2019s pretty much as good as many theatrical Westerns of the late 60s/early 70s. The two stars, Taylor and Cole, have great chemistry and the tone is snappy with a distinctive story and a couple of unexpected twists. Luscious Luciana Paluzzi is on hand (playing a role in one of the surprises) along with Tisha Sterling and Melodie Johnson in the female department. Reviewers have overstated the action/thrills, but no worries because the drama is interesting.\r\n\r\n\u201cPowderkeg\u201d was the pilot for the short-lived Bearcats TV series in \u201871, which consisted of this film and 13 episodes.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 33 minutes and was shot at Old Tucson, Arizona, and surrounding areas.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}