{"tmdb_id": 272548, "title": "Moonwalkers", "original_title": "Moonwalkers", "slug_title": "moonwalkers", "date": "2015-03-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Juillet 1969. Tom Kidman, un agent sp\u00e9cial de la CIA, est envoy\u00e9 \u00e0 Londres pour trouver Stanley Kubrick et le convaincre de tourner un faux alunissage au cas o\u00f9 la mission Apollo \u00e9chouerait. Il ne trouve pas Kubrick mais, \u00e0 sa place, Jonny, manager minable d\u2019un groupe de rock. Jonny est le mauvais r\u00eave de Kidman. Kidman est le cauchemar de Jonny. Ils n\u2019ont pas d\u2019autre choix que de travailler ensemble pour accomplir leur mission, sauver leur vie et mettre en place la plus grosse escroquerie de tous les temps.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f2TmM9dp20dpJqmEFNyC8Jcl3lR.jpg", "actors": ["Rupert Grint (Jonny)", "Ron Perlman (Kidman)", "Robert Sheehan (Leon)", "Stephen Campbell Moore (Derek Kaye)", "Eric Lampaert (Glenn)", "Kevin Bishop (Paul)", "Tom Audenaert (Renatus)", "Erika Sainte (Ella)", "Jay Benedict (Colonel Dickford)", "Kerry Shale (Mr. White)", "James Cosmo (Dawson)", "John Flanders (CIA Agent Murphy)", "Joe Sheridan (Pashman)", "Andrew Blumenthal (Kozinsky)", "Nathaniel Martello-White (Mike)", "Dan Poole (Hells Angel)", "Thom Tuck (Hippie Dealer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It's July 1969, the world's eye on the US, but they're one step and one man away from the humiliation.\r\n\r\nThis is really a brilliant concept, but lacks the production quality since it is a small budget film. At least they got some decent actors where Ron Perlman and Rupert Grint led it with full responsibility. The story of a CIA agent Kidman, who was sent to London to make some fake video clips of moon landing from a renowned filmmaker when pentagon thought the NASA mission might fail. But he meets the wrong men and loses the money. Now he got no time, but to find a quick solution and accomplish his mission, where some fun filled adventures follows in the remaining narration.\r\n\r\nIt is a French production, almost everything shot in England in the English language, but there is a bit of American flavour in it. Based on the speculation on the Apollo 11 mission, but it never took seriously on that topic, other than narrating humorously. Only the theme was new, but most of the jokes weren't. Overall, an average film, directed by some totally unknown guy, but as a B movie, it is acceptable. If you know what kind of film you're about see and anticipate according to that, then the time you spend for it won't end badly, except you're not going to give it a perfect score.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [306197, 77504, 267457, 370835], "youtube_key": "wRoMpeUGZ9I"}