{"tmdb_id": 272692, "title": "The Possession of Michael King", "original_title": "The Possession of Michael King", "slug_title": "the-possession-of-michael-king", "date": "2014-08-22", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Michael ne croit ni en Dieu ni au Diable. Apr\u00e8s la mort soudaine de sa femme, il d\u00e9cide de r\u00e9aliser son prochain film sur la recherche de l'existence du surnaturel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gjo8Mdb2O1wu4YsDoDVtf4WrRrr.jpg", "actors": ["Shane Johnson (Michael King)", "Dale Dickey (Beverly)", "Julie McNiven (Beth King)", "Tomas Arana (Augustine)", "Ella Anderson (Ellie King)", "Cara Pifko (Samantha)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ditendra", "content": "Let's start from the beginning, why this film is good? First, it's unique in it's genre. Yes, we got quite a many movies about Possessions & Devil themes, but this one is different. It tells the story how main character gets possessed by on it's own will, to prove if God & Devil are real or not, after the accident of his wife, which died by the suggestion of a fortuneteller. Whole movie is very interesting, that shows how main character is being possessed & we can see what happens in this head, which is also unique in horror movies. Technically film is also very well done, with nice effects & great quality (thx to Arri Alexa camera). I enjoyed the movie from the start to the end. Very well done, especially if we consider, that this was a first movie of it's director - David Jung. I'd say this is another great horror movie after \"The Devil's Due\" & \"Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones\" in this year. I wish David Jung good luck & to continue creating such good movies."}], "recommandations_id": [97795, 299551, 289712, 174678], "youtube_key": "dbUMYgKIvik"}