{"tmdb_id": 272602, "title": "Amira & Sam", "original_title": "Amira & Sam", "slug_title": "amira-sam", "date": "2014-05-30", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de l'arm\u00e9e tente de rentrer dans son pays, qu'il conna\u00eet \u00e0 peine, pour gagner le c\u0153ur d'une immigr\u00e9e irakienne sur le point d'\u00eatre expuls\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dBakExG3AiFdqQ8KAJn0l2O87vd.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Starr (Sam)", "Dina Shihabi (Amira)", "Paul Wesley (Charlie)", "Laith Nakli (Bassam)", "David Rasche (Jack)", "Ross Marquand (Greg)", "Daniel Fox (Burke)", "Alexis Hughes (Kara)", "Alexandra O'Halleran (Jen)", "Rasha Zamamiri (Veiled Woman)", "Sean Mullin (Stand-Up Comedian)", "Meg Gibson (VA Administrator)", "Robert C. Kirk (Chief Rowenski)", "James Chen (Donnie)", "Christian A. Paluck (Officer O'Rourke)", "Christopher Stadulis (Security Guard)", "John Leslie Wolf (Karl Royce)", "Taylor Wilcox (Claire)", "Claire Byrne (Simone)", "Jolie Mullin (Rita Bechdel)", "Mark Elliot Wilson (Nicolas)", "Teddy Ca\u00f1ez (Officer Valez)", "Bruce Davis (Officer Lynch)", "Melissa Navia (Police Clerk)", "Elizabeth Vereshko (Waitress)", "Ben Cole (Erik)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A deliberate romance drama!!!**\r\n\r\nIt looks good, but not very enjoyable. I would have liked if it was focused only on Sam about a soldier's struggle since his return from the war like the 2009 film 'The Messenger' perhaps. The Amira's character seems deliberately put in, especially in the present western world scenario to tell what's wrong with them. So sorry, this did not click for me. But I like some parts, like how the character Amira transformed compared to the beginning and ending.\r\n\r\nMartin Starr was at his best and that's why its watchable. Some people might like the film for its simpleness, but the screenplay should have been improved. They covered many topics like wall street, unemployed ex soldier, immigrant et cetera in 90 minutes, but when it comes to the romance part, the reality was missing. So like I said, intentionally the lead two characters put together to bring attention, rather to tell a neat romantic tale.\r\n\r\nIt it like 'Learning to Drive' kind of film. That aimed to reveal the cultural clash between two and how it stands as an obstacle between their feeling to each other. This is not for everybody, even the middle eastern audience might be annoyed about how Amira was portrayed in a few scenes. But those are the parts I liked the most from it. Just once watchable.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [8199, 55336, 68174, 34128], "youtube_key": "eLugRqOwFEs"}