{"tmdb_id": 272634, "title": "The Circle, chapitre 1 - Les \u00c9lues", "original_title": "Cirkeln", "slug_title": "the-circle-chapitre-1-les-elues", "date": "2015-02-18", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Une nuit de pleine lune, six jeunes lyc\u00e9ennes se retrouvent myst\u00e9rieusement attir\u00e9es par une force surnaturelle dans la for\u00eat. Une proph\u00e9tie leur est alors r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9e : elles sont les \u00c9lues, un groupe de sorci\u00e8res, li\u00e9es les unes aux autres par un pouvoir capable de repousser le Mal. Ensemble, elles vont devoir ma\u00eetriser cette \u00e9trange force et lutter contre la mal\u00e9diction qui s'est abattue sur leur lyc\u00e9e.  D\u00e9sormais, rester unies est leur seule chance de survie !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nCbliptH3AebYjvikltrlyvGUx2.jpg", "actors": ["Josefin Asplund (Rebecka Mohlin)", "Helena Engstr\u00f6m (Anna-Karin Nieminen)", "Miranda Frydman (Vanessa Dahl)", "Irma von Platen (Minoo Falk Karimi)", "Hanna Asp (Ida Holmstr\u00f6m)", "Leona Axelsen (Linn\u00e9a Wallin)", "Ruth Vega Fernandez (Adriana Lopez)", "Sebastian Hiort af Orn\u00e4s (Kevin)", "Vincent Grahl (Gustaf)", "Johanna Granstr\u00f6m (Jannike Dahl)", "Sverrir Gudnason (Max Rosenqvist)", "Dick Idman (Taisto Nieminen)", "Gustav Lindh (Elias Malmgren)", "Ann-Sofie Nurmi (Mia Nieminen)", "Charlie Petersson (Wille)", "Marcus V\u00f6geli (Erik)", "Christopher Wagelin (Nicke Karlsson)", "Mina Azarian (Farnaz Karimi)", "Dennis Bristam (Robin)", "Peter Carlberg (Ove Post)", "Matilda Esselius (Felicia)", "Hanna Frelin (Julia)", "Michael Jonsson (Jonte)", "Michael Jonsson (Tommy Ekberg)", "Jimmy Lindstr\u00f6m (Isabella Mohlin)", "Cecilia Milocco (Matilda)", "Sol\u00ed Myhrman (Evelina)", "Per Svensson (Erik Falk)", "Elin Klinga (Ida (voice))", "Joar Lind\u00e9n (Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Hunt for a witch hunter.\r\n\r\nA Swedish young-adult urban-fantasy-drama based on the first book of the 'Engelsfors' trilogy. If you are a Hollywood films follower, then you would find it a very familiar theme. Except it was not a loud and grand narration produced with the money grabbing agenda. But yes, earning back for what they have spent on it is a very important for any film and sadly it failed on that. Because of too much of dramatisation for a teen film. I liked it because the drama was not a big deal to me. A very refreshing film and nothing like too childish, so even the grown ups can give it a try and have a good time.\r\n\r\nEngelfors is a small fictional town in the Sweden and the story revolves around six teenage girls who are the chosen ones by the secret witch society to save the world. All the girls are entirely different and does not like each others. So joining the hands to counter the evil force that's posing a threat for their kind becomes hopeless. Until they understand their full capability and discover who's behind all the strange events. That brings the ultimate battle which is what everyone of us is waiting for, that decides the fate of those girls and to end the first installment.\r\n\r\nIt was a slow presentation, that's where the problem lies to find the audience for it. Because youngsters won't like the films that lacks its pace, though it was based on them. It was not a visual extravaganza as we have seen in the American counterpart films. Yet the story was very ordinary with the characters close to the actual world except their supernatural abilities. So saving the world means not anything close to 'The Avengers' films, everything here is on a small scale, but properly arranged.\r\n\r\nThe fate of the sequel was based on the result of this film. It got a mixed response, in that, mine is positive. The film came out from all the obstacles while it was in production, so by seeing it all I don't think they're going to make another film in the series. Surely I want it because I enjoyed it which I consider a very rare type, especially in this theme, unlike where the world cinema is obsessed with graphics and fancy stunt sequences for a similar concept.\r\n\r\n> \"You were born selected.\r\n> The Magic has always been within you.\"\r\n\r\nIt is a very long film which is definitely a drawback for a todays film. Had all the opportunities to go deep into every character to expose their qualities and they did that, yet feels like they should have done more for this kind of runtime. Because in many parts it was a limping development.\r\n\r\nFrom all the above it does not look like a film to watch on the big screen. Maybe a television series would have been a fine idea, but still I'm happy for this because I always choose films over the television series. Mainly for the sound mixing, which are usually have the multiple track digital surrounds where in television, they're just stereo. But for this film, they were just okay as I said earlier, it wasn't a grand film.\r\n\r\nI have seen many Swedish films, but not enough to recognise the actors from the local market. I think all the main cast in this was mostly the fresh faces and they have done greatly. An awesome production and wonderful music tracks.\r\n\r\nI don't know how it is compared to the source material, but the mysteries behind the deaths were well illustrated. The twist did not surprise me, but surely unpredictable. There are many unexplained theories lies open that is going to be clarified in its follow-ups. But now I have to wait for it which I'm confident that's not going to happen, not anytime soon.\r\n\r\nI can't go for the book, because I'm not a reader. So it seems my journey ends here for the 'Engelsfors' trilogy. Better I'll pray for the Japanese or the American version to come. In my opinion, this film was underrated, because people are addicted to the commercial elements which seriously lacks in it. Other than that it deserves respectable status among other films associated with the magic. I'll definitely suggest it, but I don't know how many of you will feel the way as I did. Anyway, I still say go for it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}