{"tmdb_id": 27275, "title": "G.O.R.A", "original_title": "G.O.R.A.", "slug_title": "g-o-r-a", "date": "2004-11-12", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Arif est un personnage \u00e0 multiples facettes. Il est vendeur de tapis en Cappadoce, guide touristique quand il le faut, et \u00e0 l'occasion, vendeur de photos d'Ovni qu'il bricole lui-m\u00eame... Un jour, les photos truqu\u00e9es deviennent r\u00e9alit\u00e9 : Arif est enlev\u00e9 par des extraterrestres ! Il se trouve alors embarqu\u00e9 dans un vaisseau spatial en compagnie d'autres hommes venus de 12 pays diff\u00e9rents. Ils se dirigent tous vers une plan\u00e8te d\u00e9nomm\u00e9e G.O.R.A...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bxHULJqeW1GlPWr7uvRoWQWsDIe.jpg", "actors": ["Cem Y\u0131lmaz (Arif / Komutan Logar / Er\u015fan Kuneri)", "\u00d6zge \u00d6zberk (Prenses Ceku)", "\u00d6zkan U\u011fur (Garavel)", "Ozan G\u00fcven (Robot 216)", "Rasim \u00d6ztekin (Bob Marley Faruk)", "\u015eafak Sezer (Kuna)", "Erdal Tosun (Rendroy)", "Cezmi Bask\u0131n (Amir Tocha)", "\u0130dil F\u0131rat (Mulu)", "Muhittin Korkmaz (Tihulu)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ruslan", "content": "Well, first of all, this movie is a good project. There is no science-fiction film in the history of Turkish cinema, and if you think about the budget, which was about 4 Mio. USD and nevertheless huge for Turkish proportions, George Lucas wasted a budget of 125 Mio USD for Star Wars Episode III, then it is the optimum of what has been created.\r\n\r\nThe story is no revolution, but no one ever expected that. Cem Yilmaz realised his vision of \"Turks in space\" and made his work well. His love for details is average.\r\n\r\nTo understand everything in that film, first you gotta be Turkish, since a big part of the humor is based on the street language that Cem Yilmaz is using perfectly. The second thing is, you have to know some US Science-Fiction movies like Star Wars, Matrix or Star Trek. Only the combination of these two requirements makes the movie really funny.\r\n\r\nG.O.R.A is unusual to the Turkish public, so this is why some people didn't like it I think. I consider this work as new era of special fx in Turkish movies.\r\n\r\nIn the end, it is a solid Turkish space movie."}], "recommandations_id": [24426, 30691, 57892, 64433], "youtube_key": "notfound"}