{"tmdb_id": 27292, "title": "Carnage", "original_title": "Prime Cut", "slug_title": "carnage", "date": "1972-06-28", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Homme de main du monde interlope, Nick Devlin (Lee Marvin) est envoy\u00e9 \u00e0 Kansas City (Kansas) afin de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer l'argent que doit un myst\u00e9rieux bandit, \"Mary Ann\" (Gene Hackman); celui-ci n'a \u00e9videmment pas l'intention de payer. Un abattoir sert de fa\u00e7ade \u00e0 ses v\u00e9ritables activit\u00e9s, soit la prostitution et la vente de drogue. Les ravissantes prostitu\u00e9es, dont la principale vedette est Poppy (Sissy Spacek), sont drogu\u00e9es et vendues comme du b\u00e9tail. Une \u00e9trange relation r\u00e9unira l'homme de main et la prostitu\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nzBnHTWUViDJBhs8QhcL7faA3uV.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Marvin (Nick Devlin)", "Gene Hackman (Mary Ann)", "Angel Tompkins (Clarabelle)", "Gregory Walcott (Weenie)", "Sissy Spacek (Poppy)", "Janit Baldwin (Violet)", "William Morey (Shay)", "Clint Ellison (Delaney)", "Howard Platt (Shaughnessy)", "Les Lannom (O'Brien)", "Eddie Egan (Jake)", "Therese Reinsch (Jake's Girl)", "Hugh Gillin (Desk Clerk)", "Gladys Watson (Milk Lady)", "Jerry Tracey (Orphan Sold at Auction (uncredited))", "Judy Williams (Orphan Sold at Auction (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Want to talk about a movie that broke the mould when it was made?\r\nLet\u2019s talk about Prime Cut.\r\nStarring Lee Marvin, Gene Hackman and Sissy Spacek, this 1972 film is eighty-eight minutes of pulp weirdness \u2013 part exploitation flick, part brutal, hard-boiled, crime story.\r\nPrime Cut was directed by Michael Ritchie, who did no other work of any consequence (with the possible exception of The Candidate, also made in 1972), and written by another relative unknown, Robert Dillon.\r\nMarvin plays Nick Devlin, a tough as nails enforcer who is hired to go to Kansas City and retrieve half a million dollars owed to the Chicago mob by a slaughterhouse Kingpin called Mary Ann (Hackman).\r\nDriving all night, Devlin and his men arrive at Mary Ann\u2019s ranch in the middle of a livestock auction. The slaughterhouse is a legitimate business as well as being a front for a white slavery racket. Groups of well-dressed men wander around the inside of a giant barn, bidding on drugged, naked women, Mary Ann\u2019s \u2018livestock\u2019, who have been sourced from orphanages and bus stops.\r\nOne of the girls, Poppy (Spacek), manages to ask for help through her drug haze. Marvin takes her \u2018on credit\u2019 and leaves, after getting Mary Ann\u2019s agreement to meet him next day and hand over the money.\r\nDescribing what happens next is not so important, given the over the top, weird, at times surreal nature of the story and fact that so much is unexplained.\r\nThe film makes no attempt to explore how Mary Ann amassed such a huge debt or the origins of the obvious animosity between he and Devlin. Ditto, no detail is provided on the previous relationship between Devlin and Mary Ann\u2019s scheming, platinum blonde trophy wife, Clarabelle (Angel Tompkins).\r\nSuffice to say, the money exchange doesn\u2019t go down as planned leaving Devlin with no choice but to take Mary Ann\u2019s organisation apart piece by piece. Nothing unusual in any of that. But amidst the action there are some truly wonderful touches and themes.\r\n1. The opening credits\r\nThe opening credits show cattle being brought to a slaughterhouse, killed and made into sausages. Lalo Schifrin did the score, and used elevator muzak overlayed with the sound of a meat saw cutting through bone. It\u2019s pretty disturbing, especially when a tall, muscular man (\u2018Weenie\u2019, Mary Ann\u2019s brother), interrupts the operation of the sausage making machine with a \u201cspecial order\u201d, the disposal of the most recent group of debt collectors dispatched by the mob. They are made into sausages and mailed to their bosses in Chicago.\r\n\r\n2. Marvin\r\nThis is by no means Marvin\u2019s best role (that gong would go to Point Blankor The Dirty Dozen). Indeed, it feels as if he\u2019s almost doing the role on autopilot. It doesn\u2019t matter, from the moment we lay eyes on him downing boiler makers in a Chicago bar and eying off the mob boss\u2019s girl friend, its classic Marvin, a mixture of quiet tough guy intensity and wry humour.\r\n3. Spacek\r\nPrime Cut was Spacek\u2019s first major screen role, and her performance shifts between doe eyed ing\u00e9nue and avenging angel. In one of the film\u2019s best scenes, she accompanies Devlin to dinner at the best restaurant in Kansas City, clad only in a see through green dress. As the rest of the clientele, Kansas City\u2019s finest, look on, she tells Devlin about how she came to be Mary Ann\u2019s captive. Given the content, it\u2019s a strangely asexual scene, the relationship between the two more like father and daughter than anything else.\r\n4. The combine harvester chase\r\nAfter the money exchange goes bad, Devlin and Poppy are forced to flee through a huge wheat field, where one of Mary Ann\u2019s soldiers chase them with giant combine harvester. If you,ve ever wondered what would come off best in an encounter between a combine harvester and a speeding car, this is your chance to find out.\r\n5. American gothic\r\nKansas is depicted as a nightmare version of American Gothic, a corrupt, all white kingdom presided over by Mary Ann and his army of blond haired, shot gun wielding young men dressed uniformly in denim overalls. The backdrops for the action include country fairs and vast expanses of wheat and sunflowers. There are also some terrific locations in early seventies Kansas City, including the half-way house for derelicts and piss bums, where Weenie lives.\r\nFresh from The French Connection the previous year, Hackman plays Mary Ann with a sense of playful malevolence, like a bent Republican politican spruiking the virtues of the all-American heartland. Between mouthfuls of offal, he tells Devlin  \u201cChicago is crumbling. Nothing left there but kids and old men. What hasn\u2019t been burned down has been picked over.\u201d\r\nDevlin and his men make absolutely no concession to the bizarre rural landscape and their role as outsiders in it. Devlin smokes cigars, wears only a grey suit and white shoes, while his men are clad in black. They cruise around in a giant black Cadillac and stay in the best hotel in town. I couldn\u2019t help but make an analogy with the Vietnam War, which was raging at the time. Marvin and his men are like an occupying force, compensating for their conspicuousness with superior fire power.\r\nUnlike a lot of the films I review on this blog, Prime Cut is not expensive or hard to find. Don\u2019t waste any more time, get it and enjoy one of the genuinely strangest cinematic crime offerings of the early seventies."}], "recommandations_id": [24229, 53650, 4988, 76200]}