{"tmdb_id": 273181, "title": "Eminem: All Access Europe", "original_title": "Eminem: All Access Europe", "slug_title": "eminem-all-access-europe", "date": "2002-06-18", "genre": ["Documentaire / Musique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "All Access Europe est un album vid\u00e9o d'Eminem sorti le 18 juin 2002 en DVD. L'album contient des parties de diff\u00e9rents spectacles d'Eminem dans le cadre du Anger Management Tour, pour promouvoir l'album The Marshall Mathers LP. Des personnalit\u00e9s comme Dido, Marilyn Manson ou Xzibit apparaissent sur sc\u00e8ne aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s d'Eminem.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wLOpPOQy51x7mgl6L8sPReyCsZl.jpg", "actors": ["Eminem (Himself)", "D12 (Themselves)", "Dido (Herself)", "Dr. Dre (Himself)", "Marilyn Manson (Himself)", "Xzibit (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "JohnDoe", "content": "This is the review which was written by Grann-Bach on IMDB.com on the 3rd of February. Before the review he states: \"The review of someone who's hardly been to a concert in his life\".\r\n\r\n\"I've never really \"gotten\" concerts. Fear not, review-reader, I shall not bore you with details about why, nor delve into some story which intends to make you go \"ohhh\" and completely understand... I merely wish to say up front that this review was written entirely by a man who's just barely been to any concerts, at all, because he did not wish to. I may focus more on the filmic aspects. I first got into Eminem's music back in the early 2000s(possibly 2000 or 2001), after listening through The Marshall Mathers LP. My interest in his music may very well have been the basis of me purchasing this DVD. The DVD is comprised of a one hour, ten minute(give or take some minutes, but sans credits, that's about the length) documentary, following Mr. Shady and D12 on the All Access Europe tour, two bonus performances(Purple Pills and Forgot About Dre, both are well-done) and a still gallery(which is nice, though it is automated, you don't skip back and forth between them, yourself, they run on their own, with a rap running in the background). It all comes to over an hour and a half. There are no subtitles, and obviously no alternate audio tracks(based on the Region 2 release). The documentary is good, it utilizes his music(featured are raps from both of the albums he had released by this point, the one I mentioned earlier, and his first release, The Slim Shady LP, and some of what he made with his five fellow rappers(R.I.P., Bugz and now also Proof... Slim, take care, man, you two seemed close), from the album Devil's Night(the only one they had released by this time)) well, and features both performances and footage of behind the... stage, the rappers kicking back, making jokes and such. There are also bits of a couple interviews. It's nicely edited, rather tight, and the performances are nicely covered... they include The Way I Am, featuring Marilyn Manson(who only appears in the performance), and Stan, featuring Dido. It's funny, provided you like Em and The Dirty Dozen. It's well-paced and never really loses your interest, if you're a fan. Obviously, there is some language... there is also some drug content, but no real violence or sex(the closest to the last-mentioned is a stroll taken down *that* street in Amsterdam). The end credits have Marshall telling us(audio only) how his career began, and this is also available under the Special Features menu. I recommend this to any fan of the rappers, in particular our favorite angry white boy, the title performer. This may be best suited for those who like tours and concerts, or at least to be in the audience of such. 7/10\""}], "recommandations_id": [34508], "youtube_key": "notfound"}