{"tmdb_id": 273481, "title": "Sicario", "original_title": "Sicario", "slug_title": "sicario", "date": "2015-09-17", "genre": "Action / Crime / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "La zone frontali\u00e8re entre les \u00c9tats-Unis et le Mexique est devenue un territoire de non-droit. Kate, une jeune recrue id\u00e9aliste du FBI, y est enr\u00f4l\u00e9e pour aider un groupe d\u2019intervention d\u2019\u00e9lite dirig\u00e9 par un agent du gouvernement dans la lutte contre le trafic de drogues. Men\u00e9e par un consultant \u00e9nigmatique l'\u00e9quipe se lance dans un p\u00e9riple clandestin, obligeant Kate \u00e0 remettre en question ses convictions pour pouvoir survivre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f1iHYgDs79fRv34IGnDkzLBtP39.jpg", "actors": ["Emily Blunt (Kate Macer)", "Benicio del Toro (Alejandro Gillick)", "Josh Brolin (Matt Graver)", "Victor Garber (Dave Jennings)", "Jon Bernthal (Ted)", "Daniel Kaluuya (Reggie Wayne)", "Jeffrey Donovan (Steve Forsing)", "Raoul Max Trujillo (Rafael)", "Julio Cedillo (Fausto Alarcon)", "Hank Rogerson (Phil Coopers)", "Bernardo P. Saracino (Manuel Diaz)", "Maximiliano Hern\u00e1ndez (Silvio)", "Kevin Wiggins (Burnett)", "Edgar Arreola (Guillermo)", "Kim Larrichio (Silvio's Wife)", "Jesus Nevarez-Castillo (Eliseo)", "Dylan Kenin (Charlie)", "Sarah Minnich (Pretty Blonde)", "Matthew Page (Operator)", "Lora Martinez-Cunningham (Jacinta)", "John Burke (Chandler News Reporter)", "John Trejo (Delta)", "Vic Browder (US Marshal)", "Eb Lottimer (Bank Manager)", "Marty Lindsey (SWAT Officer)", "Alex Knight (Coroner (Phoenix))", "Rio Alexander (Phoenix Cop)", "Eric Steinig (Air Force MP)", "Matthew Tompkins (Jessie Garza)", "Michael Sheets (Treasury Agent)", "Ivan Allen (News Anchor)", "Joseph P. Santillanes (Homeland Security Officer)", "Jesse Ramirez (Migrant #1)", "James Espinoza (Migrant #2)", "Arrazolo (Migrant #3)", "Tomas Martinez (Migrant #4)", "Alejandro Rodriguez (Migrant #5)", "Jorge Rocha Fuentez (Migrant #6)", "Johnny Palomarez Jr. (Migrant #7)", "Julian Ortega (Fausto's Son #1)", "Ian Posada (Fausto's Son #2)", "Kaelee Vigil (Immigrant Woman (uncredited))", "Cesar Miramontes (Immigrant (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One of the finest movie about the raids on cartel gangs.\r\n\r\nThis was really a great film. Fighting against the drug trafficking was the theme. The story of an FBI agent who was recruited to work in an elite force that no one knows its existence. Their's aim is to tackle the main source, instead to deal with its lower order. Something that impossible to do without international cooperation. Every raid is done in secretively, sometime if required at any cost in whatever effort to stop it. Like I said, this was an awesome movie, and good to see it after the documentary like 'Cartel Land'.\r\n\r\nThe story is kind of hard to detail it out, because it was more an action movie than the talking. How a special force unit goes after the bad guys and stops them is the main plot. But the characters were so distinctive, every main roles had their own agenda for what they are doing and that's how the narration dominated with the high standards.\r\n\r\nThe cast who played them were simply outstanding, including that starts with Emily Blunt, who is someone looks changed the attitude to play physically challenging roles after 'Edge of Tomorrow'. And then Josh Brolin and another one, an upcoming young British actor who I really don't know, but Benicio Del Toro was actually the show stealer.\r\n\r\nHis part was unexpectedly great, totally raw and aggressive. Especially the his end scene, no one could have guessed it, but that's how the way it is. No doubt any top actors would have denied to perform that, anyway well shot with minimum violence, but the intention was very clear as fighting against the dark forces to cut off the head first. One of the best movie of the year, so definitely recommended if you're interested.\r\n\r\n8\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "An stereotypical plot with, somehow, some interesting addition.\r\n\r\nThe plot is not superb but the script is really good, Del Toro makes a good performance and, as alway, a great pleasure to watch any movie with Emily Blunt on it. Great performance.\r\n\r\nThe directing is also really good and the soundtrack is remarkable, creating quite an atmosphere.\r\n\r\nFinally, the action scenes are very well done, with a sense of contempt. No fireworks here, just something that can be the closest to reality."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'Sicario' was a really good action film. The acting all around was very good (in particularly Emily Blunt). The set pieces were very well made.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not since the opening farmhouse scene from _Inglourious Barsteds_ have I seen such masterful control of palpable tension.\r\n\r\n_Final rating: \u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}], "recommandations_id": [338766, 242582, 296098, 261023]}