{"tmdb_id": 27374, "title": "Lake Mungo", "original_title": "Lake Mungo", "slug_title": "lake-mungo", "date": "2008-06-17", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Endeuill\u00e9e par le disparition de leur fille une famille se retrouve confront\u00e9e \u00e0 d'\u00e9tranges \u00e9v\u00e9nements paranormaux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g0zCELYfBfSv8TOGC13buABVN53.jpg", "actors": ["Talia Zucker (Alice Palmer)", "Rosie Traynor (June Palmer)", "David Pledger (Russell Palmer)", "Martin Sharpe (Mathew Palmer)", "Steve Jodrell (Ray Kemeny)", "Tamara Donnellan (Marissa Toohey)", "Scott Terrill (Brett Toohey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "prabhushakti", "content": "This review contains spoilers. A documentary style film, as the director visualised in his mind, and a cheap belief of what it is based upon. I absolutely lost my patience while watching this movie, because I wanted to see a good movie and all it had is how it wanted to be, which I appreciate but unfortunately I hatred it because I was thinking why is it not in some informative channel's stupid shows than a movie? I thought about H\u00e4xan - 1922. A film, I love so much because not only it is entertaining but also very well shot and represented. I also thought about \"it follows\" which I believe is another great horror film in the history of cinema.\r\nWhile watching this Australian director's film, I could not see what else it has that there never have been before or is it important as long as the film is good at it. Does this movie show us  anything we have never seen? I absolutely hated the poor direction of how the characters were told to talk about the tragedy! What I hated the most is the blend of dialogues and music. The cheap creepy background music was so high, that you absolutely have to feel the poor suspense the director forces us to feel so desperately, but it was so painful and disgusting far from disturbing. I only felt bad about the privacy of the family involved in the film, if it is based upon the real story which I don't wish to research on.\r\nI will tell you my analysis about the first creepy photo of the dead body and last same living video of the creepy faced body:\r\nA saddist murdered or psychopath did the horrible things to her face, who had all her possessions, and before killing her, he/she recorded her sadism and buried it in the ground so nobody could find it. Maybe he has been giving her drugs and raping her, which caused her to go through anxiety or depression of death and all those nightmare. Maybe the sadist is not anymore than the Hungarian hypnotiser. Now irrational but dumb people would like it, and some cheap people would spend some bucks to turn it to the most horrible horror film.\r\nI want to explain here - a lot of people like the end creepy footage - I found it absolutely horrible because again the cheap creepy sound gave me a headache"}], "recommandations_id": [25983, 46221, 21506, 38410], "youtube_key": "d2ISuVvP-XI"}