{"tmdb_id": 27431, "title": "Le chat \u00e0 neuf queues", "original_title": "Il gatto a nove code", "slug_title": "le-chat-a-neuf-queues", "date": "1971-02-11", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un savant travaillant dans un institut sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans la recherche g\u00e9n\u00e9tique est assassin\u00e9 dans son laboratoire. Des dossiers compromettants sont d\u00e9rob\u00e9s. Le journaliste Carlo Giordani, aid\u00e9 d'un aveugle, m\u00e8ne l'enqu\u00eate, d\u00e9couvre que les chercheurs de l'institut travaillaient sur le facteur X.Y.Y., un code g\u00e9n\u00e9tique qui, selon eux, se retrouverait chez les personnes sujettes \u00e0 la violence, \u00e0 la criminalit\u00e9. Une s\u00e9rie de meurtres d\u00e9bute alors, vise \u00e0 emp\u00eacher la progression de l'enqu\u00eate qui part vers 9 pistes diff\u00e9rentes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zn8sMd8yonDEYUnNuApIhIvHJhP.jpg", "actors": ["Karl Malden (Franco Arno)", "Catherine Spaak (Anna Terzi)", "James Franciscus (Carlo Giordani)", "Pier Paolo Capponi (Police Supt. Spini)", "Horst Frank (Dr. Braun)", "Rada Rassimov (Bianca Merusi)", "Tino Carraro (Prof. Fulvio Terzi)", "Cinzia De Carolis (Lori)", "Aldo Reggiani (Dr. Casoni)", "Werner Pochath (Manuel)", "Carlo Alighiero (Dr. Calabresi)", "Vittorio Congia (Righetto (cameraman))", "Ugo Fangareggi (Gigi the Loser)", "Ada Pometti (Telephone operator)", "Tom Felleghy (Dr. Esson)", "Fulvio Mingozzi (Spimi's Man)", "Umberto Raho (Manuel's Ex-Lover)", "Jacques Stany (Prof. Manera)", "Margherita Horowitz (Lori's Babysitter (uncredited))", "Giovanni Di Benedetto (Police Chief Salmi (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sixth Sense and Nine Avenues.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIl gatto a nove code (The Cat O\u2019 Nine Tails) is written and directed by Dario Argento. It stars Karl Malden, James Franciscus, Catherine Spaak, Horst Frank, Aldo Reggiani, Carlo Alighiero and Rada Rassimov. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Erico Menczer. \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nBlind puzzle solver Franco Arno (Malden) and newspaper man Carlo Giordani  (Franciscus) team up to see if they can solve the mystery of the murders that are terrifying the city. With their own lives becoming increasingly in danger, and the lines of investigation splintered all over the place, the men are drawn to the mysterious Terzi Institute where geneticists are tampering with gene patterns\u2026\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nArgento doesn\u2019t like it and the fans are very much divided about the worth of it on the Argento curriculum vitae, yet The Cat O\u2019 Nine Tails is a delightfully entertaining oddity.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe plot is labyrinthine with relish on top, spinning the viewers into the same convoluted investigative maze that Messrs Arno and Giordani find themselves in. In fact, it\u2019s near genius that it rarely makes sense under inspection, yet still there\u2019s a fascinating edge to the story, with its characterisations, sexual kinks and cruel murders, there\u2019s a power to the piece that rewards if you can just run with it, buy into Argento\u2019s Giallo singed world.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nWith Malden turning in a great performance and Franciscus performing to a level nobody thought was in him, the lead characters really come to life. Add to that Morricone\u2019s creepy jazzy-garde fuelled score underlining the skew-whiff nature of the beast, and Menczer\u2019s photography tonally muted, tech credits are at one with the themes ticking away in the narrative, a narrative that has observation, ironically, on vision, sight and minds eye. While there\u2019s a couple of rug-pulls jostling for our attention just to keep things twisty.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThen there is the director himself. The Cat O\u2019 Nine Tails finds him restrained compared to the excess of style over substance films that would dominate his oeuvre post release of The Cat. That\u2019s not to say there isn\u2019t style here, there\u2019s plenty as Argento dallies in POV, iris vision, and a nifty trick that gives the blind Arno \u201csight\u201d, further ensuring that the supposed handicapped character is the key player and potential saviour of all. A number of scenes are bursting at the seams with suspense, with a cemetery/mausoleum sequence top draw, for sure Argento is firmly getting in his stride here.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s not a gore movie, something which I personally think has led to some of Argento\u2019s fans giving the film the cold shoulder, but it\u2019s the tale (or tails of course) and characterisations that hold it up as being under valued. It\u2019s a Giallo whodunit flecked with sexual stings and no little amount style draped all over it. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30689, 20345, 20115, 29702], "youtube_key": "tFJfp7Wc8rs"}