{"tmdb_id": 27448, "title": "La seconde Madame Carroll", "original_title": "The Two Mrs. Carrolls", "slug_title": "la-seconde-madame-carroll", "date": "1947-03-04", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un artiste boh\u00e8me en difficult\u00e9 fait la rencontre d'une jeune femme lors d'un s\u00e9jour \u00e0 la campagne. Ils d\u00e9marrent une histoire mais cette derni\u00e8re ignore que son amant est d\u00e9j\u00e0 mari\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n8YseVLCMcGJMHrYfcDQd4Ps9mO.jpg", "actors": ["Humphrey Bogart (Geoffrey Carroll)", "Barbara Stanwyck (Sally Morton Carroll)", "Alexis Smith (Cecily Latham)", "Nigel Bruce (Dr. Tuttle)", "Isobel Elsom (Mrs. Latham)", "Patrick O'Moore (Charles Pennington)", "Ann Carter (Beatrice Carroll)", "Anita Sharp-Bolster (Christine)", "Barry Bernard (Horace Blagdon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Angels of Death.\r\n\r\nThe Two Mrs. Carrolls is directed by Peter Godfrey and adapted to the screen by Thomas Job from the Martin Vale play. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Barbara Stanwyck, Alexis Smith, Nigel Bruce, Ann Carter and Patrick O\u2019Moore. Music is by Franz Waxman and cinematography by Peverell Marley.\r\n\r\nCompleted in 1945 but not released till 1947, The Two Mrs. Carrolls is one of those films that has an abundance of stories to match the abundance of divisive reviews. Various biographers and cinema writers tell a different story about stuff like what Bogart and Stanwyck thought of the movie, why they did it and so on. It\u2019s now hard to know exactly what the truth is anymore! So what about the film on its own terms then?\r\n\r\nUndeniably the critics of the time were right to point out the similarity of The Two Mrs. Carrolls to such fine movies of the time like Gaslight, Suspicion and Rebecca, in fact the delayed release is thought to be because of Gaslight\u2019s success in 1944, while there\u2019s even a slice of Dorian Gray about it as well. Having these massively popular films as benchmarks has kind of crippled \u201cCarrolls\u201d reputation, because quite frankly it\u2019s not close to being in the same league. However, if one can judge it on its own terms, this is very good Gothic thriller entertainment.\r\n\r\nPlot is essentially Sally Morton Carroll (Stanwyck) as a newly wedded wife who comes to realise her husband, Geoffrey (Bogart), is not the charming loving man she thought he was. He\u2019s the tortured artist type, who needs his muse to be kinked to produce his best work, thus the thriller conventions do proceed as Sally unearths dark truths and becomes a woman in peril. Various colourful characters are added to the mix; Smith\u2019s head turning sex bomb, Bruce\u2019s alcoholic doctor, Moore\u2019s lovelorn ex boyfriend and Carter\u2019s sprightly young daughter.\r\n\r\nThe Carroll house is filled with many Gothic textures, marking it out as place ripe for dark deeds and the unfurling of sinister secrets. Godfrey, though guilty of letting the pace sag all too often, does insert some great mood accentuating scenes. Episodes with the fearsome paintings strike a chilly chord, a raging storm unloading as the curtains billow has the requisite haunting feel, and Geoffrey finally going over the edge produces a superb crash \u2013 bang \u2013 wallop scene. Marley\u2019s photography is suitably shadowy via lighting techniques, and Waxman provides a typically genre compliant musical score.\r\n\r\nOn the acting front there\u2019s not a great deal to write home about, Stanwyck isn\u2019t stretched beyond being just professional, and as committed as Bogart is, he\u2019s an odd choice for this type of role. Bruce is typecast as another Dr. Watson character, while Smith is badly underused. The latter a shame as she leaves a favourable mark slinking about like a leopard, in fact it\u2019s probably no coincidence that she shows up late in the film wearing a leopard skin scarf! All told it\u2019s a little draggy in places and often shows its stage origins, but when it hits Gothic stride it\u2019s worthy of viewing investment. And yes, even if Bogart doing Bluebeard isn\u2019t the right fit. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37315, 61908, 99318, 79758], "youtube_key": "ChFysLtfKAc"}