{"tmdb_id": 27458, "title": "Les petites ch\u00e9ries", "original_title": "Little Darlings", "slug_title": "les-petites-cheries", "date": "1980-03-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes filles de quinze ans en vacances dans un camp se d\u00e9fient \u00e0 savoir laquelle des deux perdra la premi\u00e8re sa virginit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/opcskeuiiHz8Apcyb2YPWjVzW2e.jpg", "actors": ["Tatum O'Neal (Ferris)", "Kristy McNichol (Angel)", "Armand Assante (Gary)", "Matt Dillon (Randy)", "Krista Errickson (Cinder)", "Alexa Kenin (Dana)", "Margaret Blye (Ms. Bright)", "Mary Betten (Miss Nichols)", "Nicolas Coster (Mr. Whitney)", "Abby Bluestone (Chubby)", "Troas Hayes (Diane)", "Cynthia Nixon (Sunshine)", "Simone Schachter (Carrots)", "Jenn Thompson (Penelope)", "Marianne Gordon (Mrs. Whitney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A fun romp about girls wanting to lose their virginity\u2026 or something deeper?***\r\n\r\nAt summer camp in the eastern USA, two girls (Kristy McNichol and Tatum O\u2019Neal) have a contest regarding who will lose their virginity first. Angel (McNichol) sets her eyes on a cool kid (Matt Dillon) at the boys\u2019 camp across the lake while Ferris (O\u2019Neal) pursues an older camp counselor (Armand Assante).\r\n\r\nThis is a coming-of-age drama with some amusing touches, similar to \u201cThe Summer of \u201942\u201d (1971), except that it involves a group of girls during the summer of 1979 (when the film was shot). The first half has the girls meet at the buses, which take them to the camp, and the typical shenanigans thereof: Rivalry, friendship, borrowing a bus, meeting guys, stealing condoms, a food fight, swimming, canoeing and so on. It\u2019s similar to \u201cMeatballs\u201d (1979) and all-around routine, although somewhat entertaining. My attention perked up in the second half where I found I had stumbled upon drama at its finest. \r\n\r\nDespite the set-up of the wager to see who can lose their virginity first, \u201cLittle Darlings\u201d doesn't treat sex lightly. The scene where one of the girls says to a boy before (maybe) having sex for the first time: \"Right now. Do you care about me a little?\" This shows how little a gal will ask from a dude before giving it up. \r\n\r\nHer tears after the fact are also an authentic reaction, not to mention thoroughly convincing. It drove home the point that sex was a big deal and not something of which to take lightly. This is followed by the interesting irony of what the two girls TELL their friends and, even better, Angel & Ferris\u2019 potent meeting at the swing set with its refreshing transparency. The final scene and closing still are heartwarming as \u201cLet Your Love Flow\u201d by the Bellamy Brothers plays over the credits.\r\n\r\nI know a lot of people see this flick as little more than a fun summer camp romp, like \u201cMeatballs,\u201d but those scenes are superb and represent drama & cinema at their finest.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 36 minutes and was shot at Hard Labor Creek State Park, Rutledge, Georgia, as well as nearby Covington, Madison and Eatonton, Georgia.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [53151, 222136, 44895, 48833], "youtube_key": "s_nErTayAUI"}