{"tmdb_id": 27475, "title": "Slumber party massacre", "original_title": "The Slumber Party Massacre", "slug_title": "slumber-party-massacre", "date": "1982-11-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "En l'absence de ses parents, Trish invite quelques amis pour une petite soir\u00e9e entre filles. Leurs petits amis, n'\u00e9tant pas convi\u00e9s, cherchent \u00e0 s'introduire inopin\u00e9ment, bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 leur causer une petite frayeur. Mais un \u00e9vad\u00e9 de l'h\u00f4pital psychiatrique va lui aussi participer \u00e0 la f\u00eate, accompagn\u00e9 de son infernale foreuse m\u00e9canique...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/GhezpGRfFKpQHLJfOpKM2IAEoz.jpg", "actors": ["Michelle Michaels (Trish Devereaux)", "Robin Stille (Valerie Bates)", "Michael Villella (Russ Thorn)", "Debra Deliso (Kimberly)", "Andree Honore (Jackie)", "Jennifer Meyers (Courtney Bates)", "Joseph Alan Johnson (Neil)", "David Millbern (Jeff)", "Gina Smika Hunter (Diane)", "Brinke Stevens (Linda)", "Jim Boyce (John Minor)", "Pamela Roylance (Coach Rachel Jana)", "Aaron Lipstadt (Pizza Boy)", "Rigg Kennedy (David Contant)", "Jean Vargas (Telephone Repairwoman)", "Anna Patton (Mrs. Devereaux)", "Howard Purgason (Mr. Devereaux)", "Pamela Canzano (Carpenter)", "Francis Menendez (Paper Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Routine early 80\u2019s slasher in the Los Angeles burbs\r\n\r\nThe original script was written as a parody, but that was changed when production began and it was shot as a serious slasher. Perhaps this explains why I busted out laughing on at least four occasions. The amusing pizza-eating scene and the refrigerator sequence are good examples. Despite this, \u201cThe Slumber Party Massacre\u201d (1981) IS a serious slasher flick featuring the \u2018driller killer\u2019 and it\u2019s pretty well-done. The problem is, there\u2019s an unimaginative bluntness to the proceedings and the final act isn\u2019t all that compelling (I found my mind wandering a couple of times).\r\n\r\nThe female cast is decent, but not quite as good as in the Friday the 13th movies. Diane (Gina Smika Hunter, aka Gina Mari) is arguably the best, followed by the black chick.      \r\n\r\nThe movie is short & sweet at 77 minutes and was shot entirely in Los Angeles with the neighborhood sequences filmed in Venice. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [27764, 40229, 27767, 40760], "youtube_key": "QVkY09sUTq0"}