{"tmdb_id": 274855, "title": "Geostorm", "original_title": "Geostorm", "slug_title": "geostorm", "date": "2017-10-13", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Le jour o\u00f9 des satellites charg\u00e9s de contr\u00f4ler le climat se mettent \u00e0 d\u00e9faillir, un designer doit travailler main dans la main avec son fr\u00e8re pour sauver le monde d'une terrible temp\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nrsx0jEaBgXq4PWo7SooSnYJTv.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (Jake Lawson)", "Alexandra Maria Lara (Ute Fassbinder)", "Jim Sturgess (Max Lawson)", "Abbie Cornish (U.S. Secret Service Agent Sarah Wilson)", "Ed Harris (U.S. Secretary of State Leonard Dekkom)", "Andy Garc\u00eda (U.S. President Andrew Palma)", "Zazie Beetz (Dana)", "Eugenio Derbez (Al Hernandez)", "Robert Sheehan (Duncan Taylor)", "David S. Lee (Lead Henchman Rico)", "Talitha Bateman (Hannah Lawson)", "Daniel Wu (Cheng Long)", "Adepero Oduye (Eni Adisa)", "Amr Waked (Ray Dussette)", "Richard Schiff (Virginia Senator Thomas Cross)", "Billy Slaughter (Karl Dright)", "Tom Choi (Chinese Representative Lee)", "Mare Winningham (Dr. Jennings)", "Daniella Garcia-Lorido (Mickey)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Mike)", "Judd Lormand (Richard Hill)", "Corey Mendell Parker (Lammy)", "Catherine Ashton (British Tech)", "Arnold Chun (Japanese Tech)", "Randall Newsome (Vice President Miller)", "Sean Paul Braud (Dixon)", "Anastasiya Rul (Russian Woman)", "Julia Denton (Hannah's Mom)", "Carlos Antonio (Uniformed Guard)", "Joe Drago (Senior NASA Tech)", "Douglas M. Griffin (NASA Tech (Mission Control))", "Blake Burt (UN Private (as Blake C. Burt))", "Derek Roberts (Major Collner)", "Randy Havens (Trey Grant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "If you take this movie for what it is, an action / science fiction movie with emphasis on fiction, then it is, in my opinion, actually not too bad.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts of with the usual suspects, a bunch of political asswipes setting off to create their, equally usual, clusterfuck firing the one competent person they actually needed to run the climate control project successfully. To make matters worse the entire project are about to be turned over to \u201cthe international community\u201d which of course is a well known recipe for disaster.\r\n\r\nHollywood lives in their usual dream world of course so they throw in suitable, old-fashioned, bad guy with the \u201ccorrect\u201d political views for a bad guy and with an outrageous and apocalyptic plan and we are all set.\r\n\r\nLet\u2019s ignore all that crap and focus on the movie. Once that nonsense is out of the way what is left is a fairly entertaining science fiction disaster thriller movie. The special effects are not bad and the movie moves along at a decent pace. The \u201craison de etre\u201d for this movie is the action and the special effects so the story and the acting is adequate and nothing more.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, as is all too often the case, the story writer is a bit of a low watt bulb. This satellite network that is the foundation of the movie is fairly unrealistic even for a science fiction movie. Let\u2019s forget about the total insanity in even trying to cover the planet in a network of satellites that are actually physically connected, the feats that these satellites achieve is just so far off the realism scale that is is annoying. What the heck are powering them? Anti-matter, black holes? This could have been done much better.\r\n\r\nThen we have the self destruct sequence that is playing a large part towards the end of the movie. What kind of fucking self destruct blows up a few bits and pieces for show and then pauses so the characters can run around for half an hour or so? Either the story writer is dumb as a door nail or he thinks the audience is that dumb.\r\n\r\nAnyway, the annoying parts aside, as a science fiction and fantasy geek this was a fairly entertaining movie for me."}], "recommandations_id": [427641, 447200, 268896, 353491], "youtube_key": "EuOlYPSEzSc"}