{"tmdb_id": 274, "title": "Le Silence des Agneaux", "original_title": "The Silence of the Lambs", "slug_title": "le-silence-des-agneaux", "date": "1991-02-01", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Un psychopathe connu sous le nom de Buffalo Bill s\u00e8me la terreur dans le Middle West en kidnappant et en assassinant de jeunes femmes. Clarice Starling, une jeune agent du FBI, est charg\u00e9e d'interroger l'ex-psychiatre Hannibal Lecter. Psychopathe redoutablement intelligent et port\u00e9 sur le cannibalisme, Lecter est capable de lui fournir des informations concernant Buffalo Bill ainsi que son portrait psychologique. Mais il n'accepte de l'aider qu'en \u00e9change d'informations sur la vie priv\u00e9e de la jeune femme. Entre eux s'\u00e9tablit un lien de fascination et de r\u00e9pulsion.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qCOKx82fRVzHsSHZIvhDBIOSAY8.jpg", "actors": ["Jodie Foster (Clarice M. Starling)", "Anthony Hopkins (Dr. Hannibal Lecter)", "Scott Glenn (Jack Crawford)", "Ted Levine (Jame \"Buffalo Bill\" Gumb)", "Anthony Heald (Dr. Frederick Chilton)", "Brooke Smith (Catherine Martin)", "Diane Baker (Senator Ruth Martin)", "Kasi Lemmons (Ardelia Mapp)", "Frankie Faison (Barney Matthews)", "Tracey Walter (Lamar)", "Charles Napier (Lt. Boyle)", "Danny Darst (Sgt. Tate)", "Alex Coleman (Sgt. Jim Pembry)", "Dan Butler (Roden)", "Paul Lazar (Pilcher)", "Ron Vawter (Paul Krendler)", "Roger Corman (FBI Director Hayden Burke)", "Lawrence A. Bonney (FBI Instructor)", "Lawrence T. Wrentz (Agent Burroughs)", "Don Brockett (Friendly Psychopath)", "Frank Seals Jr. (Brooding Psychopath)", "Stuart Rudin (Miggs)", "Masha Skorobogatov (Young Clarice)", "Jeffrie Lane (Clarice's Father)", "Leib Lensky (Mr. Lang)", "George 'Red' Schwartz (Mr. Lang's Driver)", "Jim Roche (TV Evangelist)", "James B. Howard (Boxing Instructor)", "Bill Miller (Mr. Brigham)", "Chuck Aber (Agent Terry)", "Gene Borkan (Oscar)", "Pat McNamara (Sheriff Perkins)", "Kenneth Utt (Dr. Akin)", "Darla (\"Precious\" (as \"Darla\"))", "Adelle Lutz (TV Anchor Woman)", "Obba Babatund\u00e9 (TV Anchor Man)", "George Michael (TV Sportscaster)", "Jim Dratfield (Sen. Martin's Aide)", "Stanton-Miranda (1st Reporter)", "Rebecca Saxon (2nd Reporter)", "Cynthia Ettinger (Officer Jacobs)", "Brent Hinkley (Officer Murray)", "Steve Wyatt (Airport Flirt)", "David Early (Spooked Memphis Cop)", "Andre B. Blake (Tall Memphis Cop)", "Bill Dalzell (Distraught Memphis Cop)", "Chris Isaak (SWAT Commander)", "Daniel von Bargen (SWAT Communicator)", "Tommy Lafitte (SWAT Shooter)", "Josh Broder (EMS Attendant)", "Buzz Kilman (EMS Driver)", "Harry Northup (Mr. Bimmel)", "Lauren Roselli (Stacy Hubka)", "Maria Skorobogatov (Young Clarice)", "Lamont Arnold (Flower Delivery Man)", "John Hall (State Trooper (uncredited))", "Ted Monte (FBI Agent (uncredited))", "George A. Romero (FBI Agent in Memphis (uncredited))", "John W. Iwanonkiw (Orderly (uncredited))", "Philip Ettington (FBI Agent (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ted Fraraccio", "content": "Unlike a lot of viewers, I first saw _The Silence of the Lambs_ at five years old. So, for me, _The Silence of the Lambs_ is a childhood favorite. Some would say I had an unusual childhood, in this age where some people actually **avoid** R-rated movies like the plague. The fact that I saw _Something Wild_, which Jonathan Demme directed five years before _The Silence of the Lambs_, as well as the original _Alien_ (alone at that), at the same age probably indicates that they were okay with me watching pretty much anything that wasn't rated X, though, honestly, I've **never** had any interest in that stuff. It was probably due to the fact that, like the movie's protagonist, I don't \"spook easily,\" and many so-called \"scary\" movies, including this one, never scared me, but (many of them) definitely thrilled me. Granted, I'd seen _Saving Private Ryan_ a few months before, which probably gave me a strong stomach. Well, enough about my wild, albeit fun, childhood. How does _The Silence of the Lambs_ hold up all these years later? For me personally, _The Silence of the Lambs_ is every bit as good as it was the first time I saw it at five years old.\r\n\r\nOn the off chance you don't already know the plot by now, Jodie Foster stars as Clarice Starling, a rookie FBI agent with a degree in psychology who is called from training by her boss Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn) in the middle of a string of murders by a man nicknamed \"Buffalo Bill\" (Ted Levine) who skins his victims, all of whom happen to be women. Crawford tells her to interview the psychotic Dr. Hannibal \"the Cannibal\" Lecter (Anthony Hopkins) in prison, hoping he might have an answer of some kind. Lecter brushes her off. After Catherine Martin (Brooke Smith), the daughter of a senator is kidnapped, Lecter agrees to give Starling information about Buffalo Bill on the condition that she tell him personal information about herself.\r\n\r\nIf I had to pick the greatest Best Picture Oscar winner ever, it would most likely be _The Silence of the Lambs_. Well-acted, well-written, and well-directed, it's definitely my favorite.\r\n\r\nLet's look at the acting to start. Jodie Foster, unsurprisingly, won a well-deserved Oscar for her performance as Starling. Foster plays Starling as a little scared yet strong at the same time, definitely not a coward as Julianne Moore later played the character in the movie _Hannibal_, and definitely not someone who would turn cannibal as Thomas Harris wrote the character as doing in the novel Hannibal. Movie or novel, in my honest opinion, the Clarice Starling depicted in _Hannibal_ is an insult to what this Clarice Starling stands for. As we find out about what's been nagging Starling since childhood, Foster plays it especially well where another actress may have overdone it.\r\nAnthony Hopkins, like Foster, won an Oscar for his performance as Lecter, and I speak for a lot of people, if not everybody, when I say it was also well-deserved. Hopkins plays Lecter as brilliant yet insane, making him one of the more interesting villains in movie history.\r\nScott Glenn plays Crawford very well for the time he's onscreen.\r\nTed Levine plays \"Buffalo Bill\" as straight up crazy, and does a very good job of making us hate him.\r\nBrooke Smith is only supposed to play Catherine Martin as scared and she does - with dead-on accuracy.\r\n\r\nTed Tally won a well-deserved Oscar for his screenplay, adapted from Thomas Harris' novel of the same name. Tally doesn't feel the need to focus on violence and gore, which is one of the movie's strengths. Instead he focuses on the characters, and I'd be lying if I said he didn't flesh them out very, very, very, well.\r\n\r\nJonathan Demme also won an Oscar for his directing and he does a very good job of it.\r\n\r\n_The Silence of the Lambs_ is relentlessly thrilling and it holds me to my seat until the last frame every time I see it, all without relying on excessive gore.\r\nI've already mentioned that _The Silence of the Lambs_ doesn't scare me, so it may - or may not - scare you, depending on what you're afraid of. Admittedly, there are a few creepy things displayed onscreen so I can see why it would scare some viewers.\r\nEither way, I can't recommend _The Silence of the Lambs_ enough, and everybody should see it at least once.\r\n\r\n_The Silence of the Lambs_ is a childhood favorite of mine, and it holds up very, very well almost 25 years after its release. It's relentlessly thrilling, flawlessly acted, flawlessly written, flawlessly directed, and one of the few movies that actually deserved all the Oscars it won."}], "recommandations_id": [9740, 807, 629, 510]}