{"tmdb_id": 275047, "title": "Hart am Wind", "original_title": "Hart am Wind", "slug_title": "hart-am-wind", "date": "1970-06-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The electrician Peter Drews is a brigadier at a Baltic Sea dockyard. His men are among the most reliable and diligent workers at the dockyard. Their motivation, however, increasingly suffers from Peter\u2019s narcissism and imperiousness. Whenever an important question arises, he is the one who reaches a decision without regarding the rest of them. Even his girlfriend Brigitte who is also a member of the brigade finds it increasingly difficult to accept his behavior. One day, Peter decides that the entire group must enter the navy - just because he has received his conscription call. While four men follow Peter into the navy, Brigitte, who has broken up with Peter, takes over the control of the brigade. During the work at the ship on which Peter is based at she meets the charming lieutenant Asmus. They get romantically involved. Meanwhile, Peter is forced to comprehend that in the army his idea of \"leadership\" is out of place.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/97aYHYTdMQ8GVlevqNOjFfNmpRA.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Obermann (Peter Drews)", "Regina Beyer (Brigitte Jansen)", "Carin Abicht (Junges M\u00e4dchen)", "Winfried Glatzeder (Grosser Matrose)", "Agnes Kraus (Tante Trude)", "Paul Berndt (Kapit\u00e4nleutnant M\u00fcller)", "Eckhard Bilz (Brigadier)", "Hans-Peter Minetti (Kapit\u00e4n Baumert)", "Klaus-Peter Thiele ()", "Dieter J\u00e4ger ()", "Lutz Dechant ()", "Norbert Speer ()", "Ernst-Georg Schwill ()", "Rudolf Ulrich ()", "Roger Zerath ()", "Klaus Urban ()", "Helmut Rossmann ()", "Wilhelm Puchert ()", "Horst Papke ()", "Eva Bodnar ()", "Ulrich Ansch\u00fctz ()", "Peter Hladik ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}