{"tmdb_id": 275043, "title": "Professor Mamlock", "original_title": "Professor Mamlock", "slug_title": "professor-mamlock", "date": "1961-05-16", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Professor Hans Mamlock is the distinguished chief of surgery in a university hospital. The year is 1933, and although the Professor is Jewish, he remains unconcerned with politics and the growing Nazi threat. Mamlock identifies strongly as a German, and he believes his culture to be simply incapable of the common barbarism associated with the Nazi party. Accordingly, he shows little understanding for people with strong or unpopular political views, such as Walter, a patient, and Rolf, his own son. Indeed, when Rolf joins the communists in resisting the Nazis, Mamlock throws him out of his house. As the persecution of Jews intensifies during the 1930s, Mamlock's own daughter is targeted for anti-Semitic attacks at her school...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6XvdKoxTatnuaq0V8ITKpPRuN5K.jpg", "actors": ["Wolfgang Heinz (Professor Hans Mamlock)", "Ursula Burg (Ellen Mamlock)", "Hilmar Thate (Rolf Mamlock)", "Doris Abe\u00dfer (Ruth Mamlock)", "Agnes Kraus (Schwester Hedwig)", "Manfred Krug (SA-Sturmbannf\u00fchrer)", "Lissy Tempelhof (Dr. Inge Ruoff)", "Ulrich Thein (Ernst)", "Harald Halgardt (Dr. Hellpach)", "Herwart Grosse (Dr. Carlsen)", "Peter Sturm (Dr. Hirsch)", "Franz Kutschera (Dr. Werner Seidel)", "Kurt Jung-Alsen (Bankier Schneider)", "G\u00fcnter Naumann (Kurt Walter)", "G\u00fcnther Grabbert (Simon)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}