{"tmdb_id": 275300, "title": "Manjapai", "original_title": "\u0bae\u0b9e\u0bcd\u0b9a\u0baa\u0bcd\u0baa\u0bc8", "slug_title": "manjapai", "date": "2014-06-06", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Venkatasamy (Raj Kiran), a helpful villager, comes to the city to spend time with his grandson Tamizh (Vimal), an IT professional whose dream is to settle in the US. Venkatasamy's straight talk and rural practices initially earn him the enmity of Tamizh's neighbors and girlfriend, Karthika (Lakshmi Menon). Eventually, things begin to change and he begins to win hearts. But by the time the city folks realize his value, tragedy strikes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dXPtJsvO4Lm4R6YahFXTZdOdFCN.jpg", "actors": ["Vimal (Tamil)", "Lakshmi Menon (Karthika Menon)", "Rajkiran (Venkatasamy)", "Prathap K Pothan (Arokyaraj)", "Vaiyapuri ()", "Yuvina Parthavi (Pooja)", "Kadhal Saravanan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Director Ragavan's film tells the heart-warming tale of the love a grandfather has for his grandson and the extent to which he goes to fulfill all his desires.\r\n\r\nThe story might be simple but it has a truthfulness to it that makes it leave a lasting impression on viewers. Rajkiran, who hasn't been seen in too many movies in the recent past, makes a profound impact as the caring rustic villager. His powerful portrayal of the character of Venkatasamy makes one wonder why one doesn't get to see this man more often in Tamil films. Single-handedly, he lifts the film to another level. While it cannot be denied that the film starts off on a slow note, Raj Kiran's arrival in the city peps up proceedings and makes the film more engaging.\r\n\r\nApart from Raj Kiran's performance, the film has another plus in the form of humour in it. Credit for this must go to the director. The humourous sequences don't appear forced and seem to have been carefully formulated from observations of day-to-day proceedings. Vimal takes time to settle into the character of an IT professional. However, as the film progresses, he seems to be more at ease with the part. Lakshmi Menon does a decent job as Vimal's love interest. But neither of their performances even comes a close second to that of Raj Kiran, who steals the limelight. The film has a couple of good numbers, scored by N R Raghunanthan. Manja Pai is a good film with a solid message but if you aren't in the mood for gyan, then this movie might not be to your liking."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "dtt27UVaAz4"}