{"tmdb_id": 275601, "title": "Ricki and the Flash", "original_title": "Ricki and the Flash", "slug_title": "ricki-and-the-flash", "date": "2015-07-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Musique"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Des ann\u00e9es apr\u00e8s avoir quitt\u00e9 sa famille pour devenir une rock star, une femme revient vers ses enfants tandis que l'un d'eux est en plein divorce.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aAEze9iEijSPYATn8ge4jC4AIp4.jpg", "actors": ["Meryl Streep (Ricki Rendazzo)", "Kevin Kline (Pete Brummel)", "Mamie Gummer (Julie Brummel)", "Sebastian Stan (Joshua Brummel)", "Audra McDonald (Maureen Brummel)", "Ben Platt (Daniel)", "Rick Springfield (Greg)", "Charlotte Rae (Oma)", "Nick Westrate (Adam Brummel)", "Cherise Boothe (Community Security Guard)", "Rick Rosas (Buster)", "Joe Vitale (Joe)", "Bernie Worrell (Billy)", "Peter C. Demme (Walt)", "Jim Roche (Provocative Dancer)", "Alexa Klienbard (Provocative Dancer)", "Keala Settle (Sharon)", "Joe Toutebon (Whitey)", "Big Jim Wheeler (Elvis Guy)", "Brooklyn Demme (Salt Well Drinker)", "Eamon O'Rourke (Salt Well Dancer)", "Aaron Moten (Troy)", "Adam Shulman (Total Foods Customer)", "Chinasa Ogbuagu (TSA Employee)", "Majora Carter (TSA Employee)", "Gus Halper (Impatient Traveler)", "'Sister' Carol East (Waiting Woman)", "Bill Irwin (Single Dad)", "Ripley Sobo (Journey)", "Lucy Owens (Restaurant Hostess)", "Hailey Gates (Emily)", "Josh Tobin (Waiter)", "Carmen Carrera (Hair Stylist)", "Li Jun Li (Nail Clerk)", "Gabriel Ebert (Max)", "Lisa Joyce (Nicole)", "Jimmy Kieffer (Bartender)", "Scott Ripley (Max's Friend)", "Kelsey Didion (Max's Friend)", "John Dreher (Max's Friend)", "Suzanne Lenz (Max's Friend)", "Scott Vicari (Max's Friend)", "Desi Domo (Max's Friend)", "Eliza Simpson (Selfie Girl)", "Emily Cass McDonnell (Goodwill Sales Lady)", "Cynthia Hopkins (Bodhi)", "Em Grosland (Wedding Waitress)", "Beau Sia (Desmond)", "Jeff Biehl (Pete's Cousin Jeff)", "Victoria Haynes (Snobby Guest)", "Joshua Elrod (Wedding Officiant)", "Tubten Rabten (Harpist)", "Anna Robertson (Mother of the Bride)", "Tony Costa (Father of the Bride)", "Christopher Tierney (Julie's Escort)", "Isabella Way (Bridesmaid)", "Leah O'Donnell (Bridesmaid)", "Erin Mullin (Bridesmaid)", "Trevor F. Salter (Groomsman)", "Mason Ames (Groomsman)", "Katherine Crockett (Inquiring Woman)", "Leasen Beth Almquist (Wedding Dancer)", "Barbara Christie (Wedding Dancer)", "Semar Ghebremichael (Wedding Dancer)", "Chris Giarmo (Wedding Dancer)", "Lawrence Goldhuber (Wedding Dancer)", "Andrew Haserlat (Wedding Dancer)", "Perri Lauren (Wedding Dancer)", "Mayumi Miguel (Wedding Dancer)", "William Ryall (Wedding Dancer)", "Chinaza Uche (Wedding Dancer)", "Alain Van Beaux (Wedding Dancer)", "Nicholas Ward (Wedding Dancer)", "James Young (Wedding Dancer)", "Ren\u00e9e Albulario (Wedding Dancer)", "Jos Demme (Microphone Handler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Facing what you had left behind to chase your dream.\r\n\r\nThis is so underrated. I mean it is not a great film, but surely does not deserve bashing. One of the rarest appearance on the screen for Meryl Streep. Totally transformed into a rock star and coming together with her real life daughter was another highlight. Impressive performances by others too. The Music was good with a combination of bit emotions and comedy.\r\n\r\nIt was the story of an aging rock star who failed to reach the heights. She once gave up on her family over the passion of music and now she returns after receiving a call that her daughter is in a trouble. So the tale focus on her struggling life, as well as because of her past she won't get a warm welcome. It's time to fix everything and as the years pass what changes brings is the remaining narration.\r\n\r\nThis is life. People are motivated to chase their dreams no matter whatever stands between them. This was a similar theme where a woman goes after what she wanted to be, but her family comes in between. And you know the success is not for everyone, so in that situation, how a person reacts to all the miscalculations in her life is what this film is about. It was actually a well told story, but the critics did not like it and given some lame excuses. To me it was a decent film, definitely not the worst, so all I'm saying is you should try it if you like music.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [82696, 22897, 152737, 308453], "youtube_key": "2Zw_1lcqaWE"}