{"tmdb_id": 275643, "title": "Roses Are for the Rich", "original_title": "Roses Are for the Rich", "slug_title": "roses-are-for-the-rich", "date": "1987-05-17", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "In a small town in Appalachia, Autumn's young husband is killed in a suspicious mine explosion. She vows vengeance on mine owner Douglas Osborne and dedicates her life to destroying him, even at the cost of her own happiness. When her attempts at financial ruin fail, she manipulates Osborne into marriage by claiming she is carrying his child. After Osborne dies from cyanide poisoning, Autumn is arrested for his murder, but she professes her innocence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aMKhjpIKgyroFhceppVgo8Kpib0.jpg", "actors": ["Lisa Hartman (Autumn McAvin Norton Corbett Osborne)", "Bruce Dern (Douglas Osborne)", "Joe Penny (Lloyd Murphy)", "Richard Masur (Everett Corbett)", "Howard Duff (Denton)", "Morgan Stevens (Brian Osborne)", "Sharon Wyatt (Harriet Osborne)", "Jim Youngs (Lonnie Norton)", "Betty Buckley (Ella)", "Rita Zohar (Daisy)", "Peggy Pope (Bea Osborne)", "Madison Mason (Prentiss Osborne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "heghedus", "content": "Only parts of the movie were filmed in Jasper. The early parts were filmed in Sayre Mine camp which is in Jefferson County right outside of Bham. The mansion scenes were filmed in the Hollingsworth house which is in Warrior, also in Jefferson county, so I think saying Bham is probably the best answer for where it was filmed. The entire area has is known for its mining, both coal and iron ore.\r\n\r\nGreat film, the house used in the childhood scenes belonged to my grandparents. I was eleven or twelve while the filming was going on and remember what an exciting thing it was to know the areas and some of the people that were taking part in making the movie. This area was also used to film the Burt Reynolds film Hooper."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}