{"tmdb_id": 27582, "title": "Le flingueur", "original_title": "The Mechanic", "slug_title": "le-flingueur", "date": "2011-01-13", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un tueur \u00e0 gages sur le d\u00e9clin se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec un jeune homme voulant devenir tueur professionnel. Il se pourrait bien qu'il ait trouv\u00e9 son successeur\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eScKoGnjaUvGD2OkK3DImyzfVkt.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Statham (Arthur Bishop)", "Ben Foster (Steve Mckenna)", "Donald Sutherland (Harry Mckenna)", "Mini Anden (Sara)", "Tony Goldwyn (Dean Sanderson)", "Christa Campbell (Kelly)", "Katarzyna Wolejnio (Maria)", "Jeff Chase (Burke)", "Eddie J. Fernandez (Lara's Guard)", "John McConnell (Vaughn)", "Lara Grice (Mrs. Finch)", "Ardy Brent Carlson (Bell Hop)", "James Logan (Jorge Lara)", "Joshua Bridgewater (Car Jacker)", "Joel Davis (Husband)", "Mark Nutter (Mr. Finch)", "David Dahlgren (Dr. X)", "J.D. Evermore (Gun Runner)", "John Teague (Ney)", "David Leitch (Sebastian)", "Ada Michelle Loridans (Finch's Daughter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "When Jason Statham is good he is very good. In this movie I think he is very good as the silent, deadly killer for hire. It is a straightforward killer/action/thriller. The story is nothing new but it is a well working story which is nicely executed.\r\n\r\nThe story is, as I wrote above, not very original. Killer for hire finds out that his next target is his mentor and friend. As the professional he is he executes the job anyway but later discoverers that not all is as is should be. Time for revenge. A simple, straightforward and well working story.\r\n\r\nThings are complicated a bit by Bishop taking his friend\u2019s son under his wings. Of course he wants to walk in his fathers footsteps. He is inexperienced but also undisciplined. Something that, not surprisingly, is causing problems.\r\n\r\nI do like that Bishop stays a no bullshit hardass killer throughout the entire movie. No whining or silly emotional outbreaks or breakdowns. I also like the unemotional, silent and deadly impression of a professional assassin the he radiates.\r\n\r\nThere are quite a few fairly well done action scenes in the movie ranging from silent assassinations to the obligatory blow things up scenes. The parts where Bishop and Steves goes after the big bad guy is quite well done with some quite cool stunts without being over the top.\r\n\r\nThe ending was probably the only thing in the movie that was a bit unexpected. Unexpected in a good way that is. I quite liked the little surprise there.\r\n\r\nOverall I as well as my son liked this movie quite a lot. I hope that Mechanic: Resurrection is as good as this one."}], "recommandations_id": [9335, 72387, 49021, 13387], "youtube_key": "CMklQNn0OH0"}