{"tmdb_id": 27595, "title": "Charlie & Boots", "original_title": "Charlie & Boots", "slug_title": "charlie-boots", "date": "2009-09-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Paul Hogan plays Charlie McFarland and Shane Jacobson plays his estranged son, Boots. After a family tragedy Charlie and Boots try and put their differences aside and head off on the road trip of a lifetime - from regional Victoria to the Cape York Peninsula - they overcome many challenges to reach their dream - to fish off the northern most tip of Australia.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rPzbW7QNoXa4TDYBU6NNJ2CfqTB.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Hogan (Charlie)", "Shane Jacobson (Boots)", "Roy Billing (Roly)", "Morgan Griffin (Jess)", "Anthony Hammer (Tristan)", "Bec Asha (Gunbar Waitress)", "Alan Powell (Rodeo Clown)", "Deborah Kennedy (Miles Waitress)", "Lisa N Edwards (Graeme's Wife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Beautiful movie, visually, emotionally and humanely.\r\n\r\nWhat to say here? It's a road movie about a father and son played by Paul Hogan and Shane Jacobson respectively. After the untimely death of their wife and mother, the two end up on a long cross country journey to go fishing at the northern tip of Australia. They have previously never gotten on together, their differences seemingly impossible to put aside, but this trip will bring about many revelations, truths, pains and maybe even laughter?\r\n\r\nThe Australian landscape photography (Roger Lanser) is as stunning as the simplicity of screenplay, with the humour and emotional wallops delivered with great skill by Hogan and Jacobson. The message of it all is not heavily handled by director Dean Murphy, he and his team take us on a journey that rings true, one that brings hope to the many who need a prompt, a push in the right direction. Because it's true you know, life really is too short.\r\n\r\nA lovely and heart warming movie that's also very funny as well. It deserves to be better known. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157414, 115972, 36741, 48135], "youtube_key": "3Emo-v0lp64"}