{"tmdb_id": 27632, "title": "Le Masque du d\u00e9mon", "original_title": "La maschera del demonio", "slug_title": "le-masque-du-demon", "date": "1960-08-11", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans la Moldavie du XVIIe si\u00e8cle, la princesse Asa Vajda, soup\u00e7onn\u00e9e de sorcellerie, est condamn\u00e9e par l'Inquisition et meurt en maudissant sa propre famille, responsable de son sort. Au XIXe si\u00e8cle, les docteurs Kruvajan et Gorobec, en route pour un congr\u00e8s m\u00e9dical, d\u00e9couvrent en chemin le cercueil d'Asa et la r\u00e9veillent par inadvertance. Celle-ci entreprend alors m\u00e9thodiquement de se venger...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gXbBaj0C6cJb13MwIRLkWhDJbKa.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Steele (Katia Vajda / Princess Asa Vajda)", "John Richardson (Dr. Andre Gorobec)", "Ivo Garrani (Prince Vajda)", "Arturo Dominici (Igor Javutich / Javuto)", "Enrico Olivieri (Prince Constantine Vajda)", "Andrea Checchi (Dr. Thomas Kruvajan)", "Antonio Pierfederici (Priest)", "Tino Bianchi (Ivan)", "Clara Bindi (Inn Keeper)", "Mario Passante (Nikita, the Coachman)", "Renato Terra (Boris)", "Germana Dominici (Sonya, the Innkeeper's Daughter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was just great. My first Bava experience--hopefully I'll eventually take in his entire oeuvre."}, {"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "Black Sunday is a black and white gothic horror film focused on the revenge plot of an executed plot and the people trying to stop her.\r\n\r\nThe plot itself is fine. It's nothing extra special, but it facilitates the movie well enough. The characters and many of the other general building blocks of the film are also fine. So why is this movie worth watching?\r\n\r\nWell, the director, Mario Bava, does a stellar job of setting the scene. The soundtrack to the movie is spectacular. The black and white really aides to the atmosphere, as does the cinematography. The cinematography, in particular, is outstanding. The film relies on a wonderful selection of long shots. There are many shots where the length doesn't particularly add to the story, but it certainly adds to the atmosphere and overall creepiness of the movie. The film also includes some fairly gruesome scenes, nothing quite like a splatter film, though. The scenes are well placed and add to the experience rather than become the focus themselves.\r\n\r\nAll in all, if you're after a great atmospheric horror film and don't care much about a plot or characters, you may find yourself enjoying Black Sunday."}], "recommandations_id": [28043, 28055, 28049, 5486]}