{"tmdb_id": 276488, "title": "Let Us Prey", "original_title": "Let Us Prey", "slug_title": "let-us-prey", "date": "2014-04-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Rachel, une agent de police r\u00e9cemment transf\u00e9r\u00e9e dans un village de campagne, arr\u00eate le seul criminel du coin lors de sa premi\u00e8re tourn\u00e9e de nuit. Si elle l\u2019arr\u00eate facilement, elle ne tarde pas \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir que sa pr\u00e9sence au commissariat fait remonter \u00e0 la surface le pass\u00e9 trouble de la petite communaut\u00e9. Et ces r\u00e9miniscences prennent des formes diverses : massacre d\u2019une famille enti\u00e8re, crime homophobe...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yQgKyDXbV8XQKKarJ8ph5Y9dpQe.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Cunningham (Six)", "Niall Greig Fulton (Dr. Duncan Hume)", "Pollyanna McIntosh (PC. Rachel Heggie)", "Douglas Russell (Sgt. MacReady)", "Bryan Larkin (PC. Jack Warnock)", "Hanna Stanbridge (PC. Jennifer Mundie)", "Brian Vernel (Caesar Sargison)", "James McCreadie (Mulvey)", "Jonathan Watson (Ralph Beswick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The number of the beast?\r\n\r\nAn apparent victim of a hit and run, a mysterious stranger is held at a remote police station and starts to take over the emotional state of staff and inmates alike.\r\n\r\nIt's not a new premise, something which is being held against Brian O'Malley's film like it's a crime, but the execution, the technical guile, and atmospheric touches brought to the piece, mark this out as a horror film of some merit. Boosted by having the great Liam Cunningham in the lead role, it's a film that shocks and awes with each passing chapter. It revels in the bloody aspects that unfold, positioning the vile nature that some human's are prone to right at the forefront, and with bloody impact. \r\n\r\nPiers McGrail's cinematography is superb, the bold and beautiful shine of the blues and golden browns mingle disconcertingly with the down and dirty feel of the police cells, the latter of which appropriately marry up with the characters on show. Steve Lynch's score is a treat, a real nerve bothering piece of work, gnawing away at the senses in the same way that Cunningham's character tugs away at the emotional conditions of his prey. It's a film of many pleasures for the so inclined, it does get away from itself a little at the end, asking a little too much of the viewer, but it doesn't kill the pic and this is very much a horror necklace worth wearing on a night out. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A singular sort of horror, both modern and classical, that came as a very pleasant surprise. Adroit work from director Brian O'Malley's feature-length debut, works primarily on the strength of the performances, each and every single member of this small cast shines.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [265010, 296065, 92395, 258086], "youtube_key": "notfound"}