{"tmdb_id": 276496, "title": "The Dark Horse", "original_title": "The Dark Horse", "slug_title": "the-dark-horse", "date": "2014-07-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Genesis Potini, brillant joueur d'\u00e9checs souffrant de troubles bipolaires, a cherch\u00e9 \u00e0 transmettre ses connaissances \u00e0 la communaut\u00e9 malgr\u00e9 sa maladie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tYo2dF9qxEUKBcOMTzthr2160LX.jpg", "actors": ["Cliff Curtis (Genesis)", "James Rolleston (Mana)", "Kirk Torrance (Noble)", "Sia Trokenheim (Nurse)", "Andrew Grainger (Clive)", "Xavier Horan (Jedi)", "Roseanne Liang (Nurse)", "Miriama McDowell (Sandy)", "Rachel House (Vagrant Woman)", "Wayne Hapi (Ariki)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Something positive to focus on.\r\n\r\nIt is considered as one of the best Kiwi films ever. Inspired by a real person with the severe bipolar disorder. The story centres on the character Genesis Potini, a chess prodigy. Despite his mental issue, he forms a chess club called the Eastern Knights where the underprivileged kids are trained. The film follows his own struggle, as well as his fight for other Maori descent youngsters not to fall prey for the wrong paths. In that perspective, it was very well told tale.\r\n\r\nIt is not another 'Once Were Warriors', but it had its moments. Especially the Maori people with their struggle between the good life and bad life was boldly revealed. Honestly, I did not enjoy much, but won't deny it is a nice film with a good message. I'm happy that I picked it, except I'm not the audience for it. Because the large portion of the film remained dull due to the 2 hour long stretch. I would have been very happy if it was around a 90 minute narration.\r\n\r\nSo the actors were the plus point. Some of them had no prior experience, but did well and was recognised widely. Whatever it is, Cliff Curtis is the man of the film. He won a couple of International awards for the role he played. Like I said the first half was boring, but once the chess theme come into play, the scenario changes and lots of good things happens. I feel it is an inspiring film at a different level. Worth a watch, but it is not a very cheerful screenplay. So I don't think everybody would end up happy, despite a very interesting theme.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [128089, 327651, 128130, 24350], "youtube_key": "X3YopiaQ3k8"}