{"tmdb_id": 276839, "title": "Dangerous Housewife", "original_title": "Home Sweet Hell", "slug_title": "dangerous-housewife", "date": "2015-03-13", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Don Champage est un homme d'affaires \u00e0 succ\u00e8s, \u00e0 qui rien ne semble manquer, y compris une \u00e9pouse obsessionnelle, d\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 contr\u00f4ler sa vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jMd5nLS7rbhJNkeKE5U83PL3Mm8.jpg", "actors": ["Katherine Heigl (Mona Champagne)", "Patrick Wilson (Don Champagne)", "Jordana Brewster (Dusty)", "Kevin McKidd (Freeman)", "Bryce Johnson (Lanny Kelso)", "Alyshia Ochse ()", "Madison Wolfe (Allison Champagne)", "Steffie Grote ()", "Heath Freeman (Benji)", "James Belushi (Les)", "Nicole Brandi Wilson (Abby)", "Catherine Ashton (Lynn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A man's mistake fixed by his wife with a pleasure.\r\n\r\nThe latest dark comedy, which has the two inconsistent actors in the lead. Well, I liked their performance, they competed each others to steal the show in their unique characters. I enjoyed watching it in parts, but frankly I am disappointed for this potential theme was misused for ineffectual narration.\r\n\r\nLooks like inspired by 'Serial Mom'. When a little, strange but a happy family who are living by the storybook of their own was threatened by the dark side of the life, they are ready to jump into the hell to save it. They have ignited it, but the only concern is how to end it all for good.\r\n\r\nOther than IMDb where it stands average, the movie was slammed very badly by the critics and moviegoers. I have seen even worse than this one. So to me it is an average except the end, otherwise below average. Yes, the conclusion was terrible, seems like they don't want a continuation. I mean they wanted to end it all here itself. It is a watchable, but simply not the best one.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [258099, 227300, 281418, 300706]}