{"tmdb_id": 276843, "title": "Ce Week-end l\u00e0...", "original_title": "What We Did on Our Holiday", "slug_title": "ce-week-end-la", "date": "2014-09-26", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Un couple en crise rend visite \u00e0 des proches de la famille en Ecosse...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1yeLiC1XQbxUhJNgV1n847r2lUY.jpg", "actors": ["David Tennant (Doug McLeod)", "Rosamund Pike (Abi McLeod)", "Billy Connolly (Gordie McLeod)", "Ben Miller (Gavin McLeod)", "Amelia Bullmore (Margaret McLeod)", "Emilia Jones (Lottie McLeod)", "Bobby Smalldridge (Mickey McLeod)", "Harriet Turnbull (Jess McLeod)", "Celia Imrie (Agnes Chisolm)", "Annette Crosbie (Doreen)", "Lewis Davie (Kenneth McLeod)", "Ralph Riach (Jimmy Cazzarotto)", "Ron Donachie (Sgt. Murdoch)", "Ben Presley (PC McLuhan)", "Michele Austin (Lucy)", "Jake D'Arcy (Smokey)", "Ryan Hunter (Frazer)", "Imogen Toner (Beth Williams)", "Alexia Barlier (Fran\u00e7oise Dupr\u00e9)", "Eben Young (Brent Howard)", "Sadao Ueda (Akira Kato)", "Kirstin Murray (Police Spokeswoman)", "Amanda Marment (Photographer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Life really is too short you know...\r\n\r\nWhat We Did on Our Holiday is written and directed by Andy Hamilton and Guy Jenkin. It stars Rosamund Pike, David Tennant, Billy Connolly, Ben Miller, Amelia Bullmore, Emilia Jones, Bobby Smalldridge, Harriet Turnbull and Celia Imrie. Music is by Alex Heffes and cinematography by Martin Hawkins.\r\n\r\n\"The truth is, every human being on this planet is ridiculous in their own way. So we shouldn't judge, we shouldn't fight, because in the end... in the end, none of it matters. None of the stuff\"\r\n\r\nAndy Hamilton and Guy Jenkin spin off from their hugely popular sit-com, Outnumbered, to produce this funny, philosophical and moving picture. Tennant and Pike play parents of three young children, they are pending a divorce, but with Doug's (Tennant) father, Gordie (Connolly), dying of cancer, the family head to Scotland for what will surely be his last birthday party. Hoping to put on a united front so as to not upset Gordie any further, nobody could envisage what was to happen next...\r\n\r\nIt's a film that some no doubt find easy to kick, such is the uncomplicated structure used, and the formula of messaging that drives it forward. Yet sometimes uncomplicated is all you need, and in this day and age of mega-buck blockbusters and soulless frat type comedies grasping at sex for laughs, this is a film of refreshing qualities. It's superbly performed by what is a top notch group of adult British actors, who in turn are supplemented by three child actors so natural and engaging it makes you wonder if acting school is really needed?\r\n\r\nIt's obviously a piece that will resonate more with those who have been touched/stung by the thematics at work, while the comedy ticking away - with some truly great lines uttered - could seem a bit off kilter for the unprepared, but hopefully more will watch it, laugh and cry and ultimately realise that life really is too short for, well, you get the picture I'm sure. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40161, 118677, 174343, 172785]}