{"tmdb_id": 276902, "title": "Hell Town", "original_title": "Cut Bank", "slug_title": "hell-town", "date": "2014-09-10", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dwayne McLaren a toujours cherch\u00e9 un moyen de sortir de sa petite ville de Cut Bank. Quand il saisit l'occasion de partir dans une grande ville vivre avec sa petite amie Cassandra, il n'h\u00e9site pas. Mais ce coup de chance va se payer, et il est bient\u00f4t suivi par une suite de mauvaise fortune.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xcFuJQ6YqHGyeITst01UdOavXLX.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Hemsworth (Dwayne McLaren)", "Teresa Palmer (Cassandra Steeley)", "John Malkovich (Sheriff Vogel)", "Bruce Dern (Georgie Wits)", "Billy Bob Thornton (Stan Steeley)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Derby Milton)", "Oliver Platt (Joe Barrett)", "Ty Olsson (Harvey)", "Sonya Salomaa (Gretchen)", "Peyton Kennedy (Rosie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The coldest place in the country feeling heat of murders!**\r\n\r\nIt's not about Wall Street or the financial related related film. The title is where this story sets in, a small town in the United States. This is a thriller about a young man Dwayne, who captured the murder of a mailman while making a video with his girlfriend. Following the event a series of murders takes place. When he comes to know the killer is after him, it's time to reveal us why it's all happening. Meanwhile the sheriff intensifies his investigation considering for the first time such thing happening on his watch in the town.\r\n\r\nReally a good theme, but some silly plots or the reason behind events makes us to feel this is a stupid film. I mean people can do anything for the silly reasons, but the film did not convince on that. Though the locations were good and so the actors. Hemsworth, Malkovich, Dern, Palmer, particularly Stuhlbarg was very good. The narration had no point of view, it was told from every character. It was directed by some television filmmaker, should have been better, but not bad for a view. This is a hit and miss thriller, I hope you watch it for a simple entertainment than anticipating too much out of it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 243935, 174343, 296844]}