{"tmdb_id": 276905, "title": "Norm", "original_title": "Norm of the North", "slug_title": "norm", "date": "2016-01-14", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "L\u2019ours polaire Norm et ses trois meilleurs amis, les lemmings, d\u00e9cident de se rendre \u00e0 New York afin de d\u00e9jouer les plans d\u2019un groupe immobilier qui menace d\u2019envahir sa banquise. Il fait la rencontre de Olympia, une jeune fille, qui aid\u00e9e de sa maman, vont faire de Norm la mascotte de l\u2019entreprise. Face au machiav\u00e9lique Mr Greene, ils vont tout mettre en oeuvre pour sauver leur monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sFI2FIbDP1eCSnVSiBGTPAt7z4Y.jpg", "actors": ["Rob Schneider (Norm (voice))", "Ken Jeong (Mr. Greene (voice))", "Loretta Devine (Tamecia (voice))", "Heather Graham (Vera (voice))", "Bill Nighy (Socrates (voice))", "Zachary Gordon (Norm Cub (voice))", "Colm Meaney (Grandfather (voice))", "Gabriel Iglesias (Pablo / Stan (voice))", "Janet Varney (Janet (voice))", "Jess Harnell (Male Tourist (voice))", "Michael McElhatton (Laurence (voice))", "Debi Derryberry (Daughter (voice))", "Salome Jens (Councilwoman Klubeck (voice))", "Alejandro Cuello (Norm (voice))", "Charlie Adler (Forebear (voice))", "G.K. Bowes (Female Tourist (voice))", "Ben Diskin (Chef Kozawa (voice))", "Keith Ferguson (Human Tourist (voice))", "Kate Higgins (Elizabeth (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Norm of the no worth!**\r\n\r\nSurely my review would annoy those who liked it. But the majority of who saw it was felt just like me. It has been 20 years since the first 3D animated feature film came. Not all the films released in this period were great. Some were technically sounded good and some were stories. If you had seen 'Hoodwinked!', you would know how awesome that story was, despite the poor animation production. But this film failed in all the department.\r\n\r\nI recently finished watching the first season of 'Trollhunters' and 'Miraculous Ladybug'. Even the television made products were much better than this film. Small budget, small production house et cetera is not an excuse. Thankfully, this is not the only bad animated feature I've seen so far in my life, but sadly it joins the list of those titles.\r\n\r\nMaybe! The little kids could enjoy it, who does not know to differentiate between good and bad. But for the adults, this is definitely skippable film. The best thing about this film was the message it carried, though, even for an animated film and a fantasy film, not convincing enough. It was kind of very similar to 'Delhi Safari'. In some perspective, I thought it was a remake of that. There are lots of other films similar to this like 'Chole & Theo', 'Happy Feet' and so on that you can try them instead.\r\n\r\n_2/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [322487, 397127, 81670, 385722]}