{"tmdb_id": 27717, "title": "La Plan\u00e8te fant\u00f4me", "original_title": "The Phantom Planet", "slug_title": "la-planete-fantome", "date": "1961-12-13", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans un futur proche, en mars 1980, une base lunaire re\u00e7oit un appel de d\u00e9tresse du vaisseau P\u00e9gase III, parti en exploration spatial, avant que celui-ci ne disparaisse des \u00e9crans de contr\u00f4le. Le capitaine Chapman est alors envoy\u00e9 en mission de reconnaissance dans un vaisseau qui ne tarde pas \u00e0 s'\u00e9craser sur un ast\u00e9ro\u00efde. Indemne, le capitaine est recueilli par les \u00e9tranges habitants de Reton, une plan\u00e8te fant\u00f4me ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sGwsMGUJ8RRLIBgEOXrDrqZBR4H.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Fredericks (Captain Frank Chapman)", "Coleen Gray (Liara)", "Anthony Dexter (Herron)", "Dolores Faith (Zetha)", "Francis X. Bushman (Sessom)", "Richard Weber (Lt. Ray Makonnen)", "Al Jarvis (Judge Eden)", "Dick Haynes (Col. Lansfield)", "Earl McDaniel (Capt. Leonard)", "Mike Marshall (Lt. White)", "John Herrin (Captain Beecher)", "Mel Curtis (Lt. Cutler)", "Jimmy Weldon (Lt. Webb)", "Akemi Tani (Communications Officer)", "Lori Lyons (Radar Officer)", "Richard Kiel (The Solarite)", "Susan Cembrowska (Juror)", "Marissa Mathes (Juror)", "Gloria Moreland (Juror)", "Judy Erickson (Juror)", "Sally Carter-Ihnat (Juror)", "Allyson Ames (Juror)", "Marion Thompson (Juror)", "Marvin Miller (Introductory Narrator (voice))", "Warrene Ott (Ipsalata)", "Angelique Pettyjohn (Juror)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "There seemed to be a lot of dodgy thinking going on, considering this was space exploration. For instance, spaceships going along a certain route keep on mysteriously disappearing, and the man in charge simply decides to send one more ship at a time, along the same route. What's going to happen when he runs out of men? And there are many other instances that defy all attempts at logic. This is one of those films that would have given Spock a sleepless night, let me tell you.\r\n\r\nAs I'm finishing up my now-legendary Mill Creek 50-pack, 'Nightmare Worlds', I watched this, and it was fun, fine and downright decent. I had a good time, and it was very enjoyable with some interesting ideas (and Richard Kiel in a rubber monster suit), once I put my brain into suspended animation. As of yet, I haven't bothered with MST3K or its related ilk, as I fail to see the point--the idea seems stupid and condescending. It seems like if the neighbourhood prostitute regularly charged say, $5, and for $50, you would have the experience, but with two losers there, laughing at her and explaining to you why she was a whore. At least to my estimation, cinema shouldn't be experienced like that. Every film is like a woman, appreciates its own love and understanding, and furthermore, deserves to be treated like a lady."}], "recommandations_id": [61855, 47605, 34077, 205642], "youtube_key": "9VG7Elw9TDA"}