{"tmdb_id": 277217, "title": "Descendants", "original_title": "Descendants", "slug_title": "descendants", "date": "2015-07-31", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Aventure / Action / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "De nos jours, dans le Royaume enchant\u00e9, le bienveillant fils du Roi et de la Reine, la Belle et la B\u00eate, s'installe sur le tr\u00f4ne. Sa premi\u00e8re proclamation est empreinte de compassion : il d\u00e9cide de lib\u00e9rer Cruella D'Enfer, Jafar, Mal\u00e9fique et les autres m\u00e9chants, prisonniers d'une \u00eele lointaine depuis bien trop longtemps...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/65DkgHPSLVjgr6IYkpY9Aqqqid5.jpg", "actors": ["Dove Cameron (Mal)", "Cameron Boyce (Carlos De Vil)", "Booboo Stewart (Jay)", "Sofia Carson (Evvie)", "Mitchell Hope (Ben)", "Melanie Paxson (The Fairy Godmother)", "Brenna D'Amico (Jane)", "Sarah Jeffery (Princess Audrey)", "Zachary Gibson (Doug)", "Jedidiah Goodacre (Prince Chad Charming)", "Dianne Doan (Lonnie)", "Dan Payne (King Beast)", "Keegan Connor Tracy (Belle)", "Wendy Raquel Robinson (Cruella de Vil)", "Maziyar Jobrani (Jafar)", "Kathy Najimy (The Evil Queen)", "Kristin Chenoweth (Maleficent)", "Stephanie Bennett (Snow White)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The next generation!**\r\n\r\nThis is a great concept, I don't know why Disney did not turn it into a theatrical film. As per the television standards, this film succeeds from all the aspects. The casting was good, but the focus was not distributed equally. May be they kept it for the sequels, in each to tell everyone's tale as the centre. So this is about the descendants of the greatest villains of Disney's fairy tales. They all got admitted to the Auradon Prep located near to their banished land. A chance to follow their own path, particularly to cut off bad influences of their parents. But would they accept the offer and make it work or there any agenda to avenge for the past are the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nIt's a musical like any fairytale. But average tracks. The performances were good, even the graphics are very acceptable. So colourful and visually appealing. I think this kind of trend began with the recent success of 'Maleficent'. So you must not expect the moral values, particularly I'm saying it for the parents. Because, this is about the villains and their children, so the majority of the film leans on the negative factors. But as usual, all ends well, if you consider that a message or learning point for your children.\r\n\r\nDirected by 'Hocus Pocus' filmmaker. I was looking forward to watch it since it came out. Finally, I saw it and enjoyed it, but not the great film. The children's would love it, especially those who are familiar with the characters and its origin. Surely lot to expect, but I advise to keep your expectation low to benefit maximum. I have heard, they are already making the second film, which is due later this year. So I hope this time I watch it on the time.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [417320, 325189, 89185, 40205], "youtube_key": "t4UUQqefajc"}