{"tmdb_id": 277216, "title": "NWA : Straight Outta Compton", "original_title": "Straight Outta Compton", "slug_title": "nwa-straight-outta-compton", "date": "2015-08-13", "genre": ["Drame / Musique"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "En 1987, cinq jeunes hommes exprimaient leur frustration et leur col\u00e8re pour d\u00e9noncer les conditions de vie de l'endroit le plus dangereux de l\u2019Am\u00e9rique, avec l'arme la plus puissante qu'ils poss\u00e9daient : leur musique. Voici la v\u00e9ritable histoire de ces rebelles, arm\u00e9s uniquement de leur parole, de leur d\u00e9marche assur\u00e9e et de leur talent brut, qui ont r\u00e9sist\u00e9 aux autorit\u00e9s qui les opprimaient. Ils ont ainsi form\u00e9 le groupe de rappeur des N.W.A. en d\u00e9non\u00e7ant la r\u00e9alit\u00e9 de leur quartier. Leur voix a alors d\u00e9clench\u00e9 une r\u00e9volution sociale qui r\u00e9sonne encore aujourd'hui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/X7S1RtotXOZNV7OlgCfh5VKZSB.jpg", "actors": ["O'Shea Jackson Jr. (Ice Cube)", "Corey Hawkins (Dr. Dre)", "Jason Mitchell (Eazy-E)", "Neil Brown Jr. (Dj Yella)", "Aldis Hodge (MC Ren)", "Marlon Yates Jr. (The D.O.C)", "R. Marcos Taylor (Suge Knight)", "Carra Patterson (Tomica)", "Alexandra Shipp (Kim)", "Paul Giamatti (Jerry Heller)", "Elena Goode (Nicole)", "Keith Powers (Tyree)", "Joshua Brockington (Young Warren G.)", "Sheldon A. Smith (Warren G.)", "Lakeith Stanfield (Snoop Dogg)", "Cleavon McClendon (Jinx)", "Aeri\u00e9l Miranda (Lavetta)", "Lisa Renee Pitts (Verna Griffin)", "Angela Elayne Gibbs (Doris Jackson)", "Bruce Beatty (Hosea Jackson)", "Corey Reynolds (Lonzo Williams)", "Tate Ellington (Bryan Turner)", "Rogelio Douglas Jr. (Chuck D)", "Andrew Borba (Journalist #1)", "Matt Corboy (Journalist #2)", "Larry Sullivan (Journalist #3)", "Deborah Lacey (Journalist #4)", "F. Gary Gray (Greg Mack)", "Allen Maldonado (Al)", "Demetrius Grosse (Rock)", "Og Blood (Michael 'Compton Menace' Taylor)", "Ashton Sanders (Kid #1)", "Joshua Geter (Kid #2)", "Kofi Siriboe (Block Dude #1)", "Orlando Brown (Block Dude #2)", "Matthew Boylan (LAPD Crash Cop #1)", "Chic Daniel (LAPD Crash Cop #2)", "Tim Connolly (LAPD Cop)", "Cris D'Annunzio (Uniform Cop #1)", "Dan Wells (Uniform Cop #2)", "Justin Goslee (Doo To's Security Guard)", "Alex Wexo (Officer)", "Marcus Callender (HBO Rapper #1)", "Vaughn Wilkinson (HBO Rapper #2)", "Dean Cameron (Capitol Records Executive)", "Mark Thomas Holguin (Torrance Cop #1)", "Sky Soleil (Torrance Cop #2)", "Inny Clemons (Officer Rauch)", "Jody Burke (Big Dude)", "Asia'h Epperson (Felicia)", "Scott Endicott (Tour Bus Driver)", "Greg Collins (Joe Louis Police)", "Mark Sherman (Jimmy Iovine)", "Rob Brownstein (CNN Journalist)", "Marcc Rose (Tupac)", "Nigel Lawes (Chillin' Cop)", "Lauren Pacheco (Pool Party Girl)", "Caileigh Scott (Hostess)", "A. Russell Andrews (Pastor)", "Philicia Saunders (Club Goer (uncredited))", "Maria Sten (Girlfriend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Gangster rap is pretty far removed from my wheelhouse, and I've never followed N.W.A. closely enough to know if this biopic an accurate depiction of their career, but; a good movie is a good movie is a good movie. And _Straight Outta Compton_ undeniably is that.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The rise of the Rap music!**\r\n\r\nThere were lots of debate over this film's snub from the Oscars, but I'm not here to talk about that. As a film, it was awesome and as a biographical film, even more awesome, but not an inspiring film that I was expecting. There were many bad things in it, like the language and character portrayals. Though hats off to the filmmakers for rendering the it with the bold contents. I don't know if it being true to the actual events, but anybody can feel how those circumstances would have been for those involved in the real.\r\n\r\nOne thing is for sure, the film is not for the families. The first half was the reason which was very negatively appealed, particularly the racism and police abuse preoccupied rather than telling the actual story. But the next half was much better. I liked it because of that part which crafted so brilliantly. That's where the real journey begins. Well played characters, everybody who repressed those real ones were done incredible job.\r\n\r\nThis film revealed something I did know. Like how the Rap music got so popular. I quite belong to the same generation where this thing got its revolution. It was like another 'Lords of Dogtown' where the young guys made skateboards popular, but here it was the Rap songs. It was a two and half hour long film, longer than an average film length, but the pace was good. Except the strong contents, the narration never looked dull. I totally enjoyed watching it, a good film for adults, particularly those who love Rap music must not think of missing it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [308639, 650, 261023, 188222], "youtube_key": "rsbWEF1Sju0"}