{"tmdb_id": 277432, "title": "Happy New Year", "original_title": "Happy New Year", "slug_title": "happy-new-year", "date": "2014-10-23", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors que le monde entier est focalis\u00e9 sur la comp\u00e9tition mondiale de danse \u00e0 Dubai, 5 des participants sont en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 l\u00e0 pour mener le plus grande casse de l'histoire. Mais pour que leur participation au concours reste cr\u00e9dible, il faut qu'ils commencent \u00e0 apprendre \u00e0 danser !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8DkPV0RbAFxyrCGkddz4QevOjN2.jpg", "actors": ["Shah Rukh Khan (Charlie)", "Deepika Padukone (Mohini)", "Abhishek Bachchan (Nandu Bhide)", "Jackie Shroff (Charan Groover)", "Boman Irani (Tammy Irani)", "Sonu Sood (Jag)", "Vivaan Shah (Rohan)", "Anupam Kher (Manohar Sharma)", "Sarah-Jane Dias (Cameo appearance (Laila))", "Mohan Kapoor (Assistant of Charan Grover)", "Kavi Shastri (Mr. Gupta)", "Daisy Irani (Tammy's Mother)", "Dino Morea (Host of World Dance Championship)", "Kiku Sharda (Saroj Khan)", "Prabhu Deva (Dance Instructor (Cameo Appearance))", "Malaika Arora Khan (Heroine (Cameo Appearance))", "Anurag Kashyap (Judge of World Dance Championship Auditions (Cameo Appearance))", "Vishal Dadlani (udge of World Dance Championship Auditions (Cameo Appearance))", "Sajid Khan (Film Director (Cameo Appearance))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheSRKian", "content": "**Happy New Year Movie Review**\r\n\r\nStarring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, BomanGrover, Sonu Sood & Vivaan Shah in lead, _Happy New Year_ is made to tickle your funny bones. Film has been directed by Farah Khan. Though she has only 4 films in her director career,SRK starred in 3 of them and resu  is blockbuster every time! Even HNY broke all the first weekend record of Dhoom 3 and crossed 100 crore in its first weekend which is a big feat for a Bollywood movie. \r\n\r\nBack to the film, this film is about revenge of Charlie, Charlie's father had been killed by Charan Grover played by Jackie Shroff! So made a masterplan of robbing diamonds from the \"Shalimar Vault\" which can be open only by Charan Grover and his son Vicky Grover's finger prints. But to enter the Vault they must participate a dance championship called WDC (World Dance Championship). Why they need to participastanow Charlie's team nominated for the WDC, can they rob the diamonds etc, you will get all the answers by watching the movie! But should you watch this 3 hour long heist thriller? Yes!! Because inspite of the long runtime, film never let you feel bore. Film is funny & first of its kind! Its amazing how a heist film can be so hilarious. First part is funny and has scenes to tickle your funny bones, second half is brilliant! Heist sequence too was superb! Acting wise Shah Rukh Khan stands out to be the best. The role was a cakewalk for an actor of his caliber. Others too did well job, especially Abhishek Bachchan as Nandu Bhide (he had double role) was damn funny. SRK-Deepika's chemistry sizzles once again. \r\n\r\nOverall a nice and rocking entertainer! Just go with a free & fresh mind and have some \"ROFL!\" My ratings would be 7/10."}], "recommandations_id": [205022, 14072, 283589, 44977]}