{"tmdb_id": 277713, "title": "Sunset Song", "original_title": "Sunset Song", "slug_title": "sunset-song", "date": "2015-12-04", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans la campagne \u00e9cossaise du comt\u00e9 d\u2019Aberdeen, peu avant la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale. Apr\u00e8s la mort de leur m\u00e8re \u00e9puis\u00e9e par les grossesses successives, les quatre enfants Guthrie sont s\u00e9par\u00e9s. Les deux plus jeunes partent vivre avec leurs oncle et tante tandis que leur soeur, Chris, et leur fr\u00e8re a\u00een\u00e9,Will, restent aupr\u00e8s de leur p\u00e8re, John, un homme autoritaire et violent.  Les relations de plus en plus houleuses entre p\u00e8re et fils conduisent Will \u00e0 embarquer pour l\u2019Argentine. Chris se retrouve dans l\u2019obligation de renoncer \u00e0 son r\u00eave de devenir institutrice pour s\u2019occuper de son p\u00e8re. Peu apr\u00e8s, ce dernier succombe \u00e0 une attaque.  Ne pouvant se r\u00e9soudre \u00e0 quitter sa terre natale, Chris d\u00e9cide alors de reprendre seule la ferme familiale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a3np8FPzZwjSEfyMJcFJkzDnuMF.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Mullan (John Guthrie)", "Agyness Deyn (Chris Guthrie)", "Kevin Guthrie (Ewan Tavendale)", "Hugh Ross (Inspector)", "Douglas Rankine (Long Rob)", "Ian Pirie (Chae Strachan)", "Niall Greig Fulton (John Brigson)", "Jim Sweeney (Preacher)", "Jack Greenless (Will Guthrie)", "Julian Nest (Peter Semple)", "Trish Mullin (Mistress Melon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A journey from the girlhood to womanhood.\r\n\r\nAn amazing drama about the life, especially it reveals what it would be like being a woman farmer living in the early decade of the twentieth century. The film was adapted from the book of the same name that's dealt with the rural Scottland subject. Even though I'm not familiar with the original material I would say it was one of the best novel-to-screen translation I have seen. The long runtime has never been the issue, but slowly, solidly told tale. My only disappointment is that it was not in the Scottish language since it was about a Scottish family.\r\n\r\nThere were many Scottish dialects that I did not get at first, so I had to google them to know the meaning. But I liked it which reveals the true nature of the local culture. I meant it essential to narrate a tale in the native flavour to enhance the richness in its contents. The story sets in the 1910s that centres on a farm girl named Chris. An epic life journey from the girlhood to womanhood. Under her atrocious father, the film tells how the whole family was living in the fear. After a death in the house, the event slowly begins to tear the family apart, leaving Chris behind to take the ultimate decisions about her future and the family land.\r\n\r\nAnybody would definitely feel bored in the initiation part, because you won't understand the story right away. If you manage to survive in the first half, then you can easily get through in the remaining by liking it a lot. It was nothing like we know the story or we don't, it was simply about the twist and turns of somebody's life just like ours, except it was from a different timeline. Precisely to say the phases of life is what this film is all about. Like shifting the gear in the car, according to the condition of the road and the destination. The joy and sorrow are the part of the life which is sometimes depends on the decision we and around us make.\r\n\r\n> \"You will need to face men for yourself. When the time comes, there's no one can stand and help.\"\r\n\r\nIt was totally an unexpected film, kind of reminded me 'Gone with the Wind' and 'Love Comes Softly'. Focused mainly on a woman, in the men dominated world. It was not just a rural theme, but also sometimes takes us beyond to other topics. Like during the first world war and under the English dominated UK, how the Scots lost the rights and their culture disappeared. No doubt why Scots are asking for their own nation.\r\n\r\nThe romance was another turning point in the story, like raising strong from the fall. After seeing lots of similar changes, I was unable to predict what conclusion may come. But it was strong and intentional with some wonderful dialogues. I loved the beautiful landscapes from the different seasons. It was actually shot in the New Zealand, Scottland and Luxembarough. There's no expansion in the locations, mainly it sets in and around a farmhouse and very occasionally other than these parts.\r\n\r\nThe one in the Chris' shoe was amazing. Like usual, Peter Mullan was fantastic and similarly others as well in their short stay. As the story progress, consequently the film characters reshuffled. Even for us, the main character Chris is like crossing through a juncture from the coming-of-age to self-discovery. Displaying the transformation of Chris from a certain period of time was the film's great achievement. Like how a landscape change from the dawn to dust, this woman's life sees the same fate. That's what the title implies.\r\n\r\nI don't know this British director, but this film opened a new door to me further to check it out his other works. I don't know either that everybody would like it, but it is really one of the wonderful drama of the 2015 and I recommend it to all, especially if there's no problem for you for a long story told in the slow pace. I hope they make films out of the remaining two books as well.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [157160, 497863, 336992, 258907]}