{"tmdb_id": 277834, "title": "Vaiana, la l\u00e9gende du bout du monde", "original_title": "Moana", "slug_title": "vaiana-la-legende-du-bout-du-monde", "date": "2016-11-23", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Animation", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "C\u2019est depuis les \u00eeles oc\u00e9aniennes du Pacifique Sud que la jeune Moana, en navigatrice \u00e9m\u00e9rite, d\u00e9cide d\u2019entamer ses recherches pour retrouver une \u00eele aussi myst\u00e9rieuse que fabuleuse. Au cours de cette travers\u00e9e au long cours, elle va faire \u00e9quipe avec son idole, le l\u00e9gendaire demi-dieu Maui, qui l\u2019aidera \u00e0 sillonner les oc\u00e9ans et \u00e0 accomplir un voyage \u00e9pique empli d\u2019\u00e9normes cr\u00e9atures marines, de mondes sous-marins \u00e0 couper le souffle mais aussi de traditions fort anciennes\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/53WlHDnir3OwOGfXUy0J3rQv4PZ.jpg", "actors": ["Auli'i Cravalho (Moana (voice))", "Dwayne Johnson (Maui (voice))", "Rachel House (Gramma Tala (voice))", "Temuera Morrison (Chief Tui (voice))", "Jemaine Clement (Tamatoa (voice))", "Nicole Scherzinger (Sina (voice))", "Alan Tudyk (Heihei / Villager #3 (voice))", "Louise Bush (Toddler Moana (voice))", "Chris Jackson (Chief Tui (singing voice))", "Oscar Kightley (Fisherman (voice))", "Troy Polamalu (Villager #1 (voice))", "Puanani Cravalho (Villager #2 (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Girl finds out the true identity of her people.**\r\n\r\nOkay, I shocked when I heard this film did not get the Oscars nod, except for a song. Now I have seen the film and I come to know why. This is a one liner, but developed into a longer version Except the initial parts, this film is like a limited cast/character film. Most of the film takes place in the sea sailing around fighting evil force to break the curse. But at the end, you would feel this kind of story is not worth for a feature film. It looks a perfect short animation theme.\r\n\r\nDisney never disappoints its fans, well, for me. So I enjoyed it, it was fun and entertaining, but too simple. The characters were cute, this is a wonderful film for kids and some grownups would too enjoy it. But this is not for all, unlike most of the Disney animations are. Dwayne's voice lending for one of the lead characters was good, but the girl steals the show. Especially if you are a kid and/or a girl.\r\n\r\nThe best film since 'Lilo & Stitch' on the similar theme about Pacific islands' people. But it reminded me 'Whale Rider'. Overall, I think the story should have been improved a bit, in particular by including a few more characters at least for the partial appearances. This is not the best animation of the year, also definitely the bad one to skip. If your purpose of the watch is entertainment/timepass, it is good at that.\r\n\r\n_6\u00bd/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "After I watched _Zootopia_ in the middle of 2016, I thought to myself \"Well, that does it, this has to be the best Family Movie of the year!\" I was ready to call it right then and there. It wasn't until December rolled around and I got the chance to see _Moana_, that I realised I had spoken far too soon. For in truth Moana deserved that title!\r\n\r\nMostly I'm just happy that I managed to enjoy two whole Disney movies this year.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}], "recommandations_id": [127380, 335797, 269149, 38757]}