{"tmdb_id": 278154, "title": "L'\u00c2ge de glace : Les Lois de l'Univers", "original_title": "Ice Age: Collision Course", "slug_title": "l-age-de-glace-les-lois-de-l-univers", "date": "2016-06-23", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "La qu\u00eate permanente de Scrat pour attraper son insaisissable noisette le catapulte dans l'espace o\u00f9 il d\u00e9clenche accidentellement une s\u00e9rie d'\u00e9v\u00e9nements cosmiques qui vont transformer et menacer le monde de l'\u00c2ge de Glace. Pour sauver leur peau, Sid, Manny, Diego et le reste de la bande vont devoir quitter leur foyer et embarquer dans une nouvelle aventure pleine de com\u00e9die, parcourant de nouvelles terres exotiques et rencontrant une galerie de personnages hauts en couleur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gRi7lTBBiRBhn9aJID5MdldcJEJ.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Romano (Manny (voice))", "John Leguizamo (Sid (voice))", "Denis Leary (Diego (voice))", "Queen Latifah (Ellie (voice))", "Seann William Scott (Crash (voice))", "Josh Peck (Eddie)", "Simon Pegg (Buck (voice))", "Keke Palmer (Peaches (voice))", "Jennifer Lopez (Shira (voice))", "Neil deGrasse Tyson (Neil deBuck Weasel (voice))", "Jesse Tyler Ferguson (Shangri Llama (voice))", "Jessie J (Brooke (voice))", "Adam Devine (Julian (voice))", "Wanda Sykes (Granny (voice))", "Melissa Rauch (Francine (voice))", "Michael Strahan (Teddy (voice))", "Nick Offerman (Gavin (voice))", "Stephanie Beatriz (Gretie (voice))", "Max Greenfield (Roger (voice))", "Lilly Singh (Bubbles and Misty (voice))", "Chris Wedge (Scrat (voice))", "Stephanie Beatriz (Gertie (voice))", "Robert Cardone (Freaky Bobby (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**This time the trouble comes finding them.**\r\n\r\nIt was handed over to the two new directors and the result is not so good. This is a most simplest film in the 'Ice Age' series. For the first time, the franchise is in real trouble. Though it managed well at the box office, which is a below par compared to the previous installments. It looks like a short film or it should have been a short film. From the adventures to the locations, everything shrunk in this sequel. Except Scrat, who goes for a lifetime journey into the outer space.\r\n\r\nAs usual the story continued, but this time Manny and his family and friends do not go anywhere, the trouble comes to them. So they have to find a solution to escape from it. At the right rime, Buck returns from the underground and teams up with his old friends to tackle the situation. Besides, Peaches getting married and all the fun adventures from the earth, as well as from the space in the solar system aims at one direction.\r\n\r\nNowadays the space adventure is a big thing in films, and this franchise always extents its boundary for its new sequels, so this time it was something bigger than ever. I think it won't get bigger than this in a concept wise. Particularly Scrat who has been the backbone for this series donned with a spacesuit. Like Minions and Penguins, I too want Scrat's stand alone film. But I think that would not happen, not anytime soon, since those two films did not deliver the expected result.\r\n\r\nIf you are an 'Ice Age' series fan or not, it does not matter, you will be slightly get disappointed for sure. Now it has overtaken the 'Shrek' franchise with this fifth film and they are already thinking about the sixth. This is not that bad, just a watchable average film and you need to be updated if you want to continue the series in the future. So that's the reason I suggest to watch this. Other than that, it is totally ignorable one.\r\n\r\n_5.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [57800, 8355, 950, 140300], "youtube_key": "eJaYnvydNyM"}