{"tmdb_id": 278229, "title": "Only Fools and Horses - To Hull and Back", "original_title": "Only Fools and Horses - To Hull and Back", "slug_title": "only-fools-and-horses-to-hull-and-back", "date": "1985-12-25", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Boycie and Abdul pitch a diamond scam to Del Boy, who immediately turns them down. That is until they offer him a \u00a315,000 cut of the estimated \u00a3150,000 sale of the stone on the UK market. Del finds himself designated as the courier between Holland and Britain. No sooner has Del enlisted a reluctant Rodders, he hears his old foil Chief Inspector Slater is eyeing Boycie and Abdul as drug dealers. Del decides to hide undetected in the back of Denzil's van. Denzil then getting in and driving them to Hull (pursued by Rodney) was not part of the plan. Thinking quickly, they hire a boat, and let Uncle Albert guide them to Amsterdam. Overcoming counterfeit cash, Albert's amnesia, it's only the arrival of Slater that scuppers them. Despite this, it's Del who has the last laugh.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oRpY2ZD7xnKYQqNjYBOwuhhVPo1.jpg", "actors": ["David Jason (Derek 'Del Boy' Trotter)", "Nicholas Lyndhurst (Rodney Trotter)", "Buster Merryfield (Uncle Albert)", "John Challis (Boycie)", "Roger Lloyd Pack (Trigger)", "Paul Barber (Denzil)", "Jim Broadbent (Roy Slater)", "Tony Anholt (Abdul)", "Kenneth MacDonald (Mike Fisher)", "Roy Heather (Sid)", "Christopher Mitchell (Hoskins)", "Mark Burdis (Colin)", "Jeff Stevenson (PC Parker)", "Philip Bond (Van Kleef)", "Rachel Bell (Lil)", "Joe Belcher (1st Boatman)", "Johnny Allen (2nd Boatman)", "Alan Hulse (Bridge Attendant)", "David Fleeshman (Gas Rigger)", "Kim Clifford (Vicky)", "Johnnie Wade (Teddy)", "Annie Leake (Ruby Slater)", "Jane Thompson (Smuggler)", "Lorence Ferdinand (Hussein)", "Dennis Conlon (Calvin)", "David Nicholls (Van Kleef's Minder)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}