{"tmdb_id": 278236, "title": "Le Monde de Nathan", "original_title": "X+Y", "slug_title": "le-monde-de-nathan", "date": "2015-03-13", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Nathan est un adolescent souffrant de troubles autistiques et prodige en math\u00e9matiques. Brillant mais asocial, il fuit toute manifestation d\u2019affection, m\u00eame venant de sa m\u00e8re. Il tisse pourtant une amiti\u00e9 \u00e9tonnante avec son professeur anticonformiste Mr. Humphreys, qui le pousse \u00e0 int\u00e9grer l\u2019\u00e9quipe britannique et participer aux prochaines Olympiades Internationales de Math\u00e9matiques. De la banlieue anglaise \u00e0 Cambridge en passant par Taipei, la vie de Nathan pourrait bien prendre un tour nouveau\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wp7zAoG2i2KviClIph9vvtXDyDW.jpg", "actors": ["Asa Butterfield (Nathan Ellis)", "Rafe Spall (Martin Humphreys)", "Sally Hawkins (Julie Ellis)", "Eddie Marsan (Richard)", "Jo Yang (Zhang Mei)", "Alex Lawther (Isaac Cooper)", "Alexa Davies (Rebecca Dunn)", "Martin McCann (Michael Ellis)", "Orion Lee (Deng Laoshi)", "Jake Davies (Luke Shelton)", "Paul J. Dove (John)", "Percelle Ascott (Ben Morgan)", "Christina Low (IMO Contestant)", "Edward Baker-Close (Nathan Ellis (9 yrs))", "Suraj Rattu (Pav Kamdar)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Can you give up what you're good at for a girl.\r\n\r\nI was fascinated by its storyline, reviews and ratings, but it did not deliver what I was expected. In fact, it fell simple and dull because of the end. Some people will accept it, but not me. For me it was neither good nor bad. Sometimes I don't care even it was cliched conclusion, if it's the best thing for the story to have. So this film tried to avoid it and there I lost my interest in this.\r\n\r\nLike I said the initial parts were very good. Had a very good character called Nathan, a teenage mathematics prodigy. The movie narrates his journey to prepare for participating in one of the most prestigious international competition to represent his country. He gets trained by a finest teacher in the country and remaining tells whether he makes it or not.\r\n\r\nActually the film was partially based on one of the Britain's participants from the 2006's IMO, short for International Mathematical Olympiad. Directed by a documentary filmmaker who was inspired by one of his films based on the same theme involving the original main character from this movie.\r\n\r\nIt's not a biography or a completely based on the real, it just inspired and changed entirely for the cinematic presentation. I thought, it was about a genius boy and the competition, but the romance track overhauled and took me as a surprise. Not bad at all, I liked the way the girl and the boy getting to know each other, like similar to the cultural exchange program. Excluding the ending part, it was a good film. That's what I felt, maybe it will be an awesome film for you. The only way to find out is to check it out by yourself.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [253406, 163710, 286875, 264337], "youtube_key": "tWAS-q2PpnA"}