{"tmdb_id": 27832, "title": "The Corpse Grinders", "original_title": "The Corpse Grinders", "slug_title": "the-corpse-grinders", "date": "1971-05-19", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "3.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jdNEyBYDd910Dx6tliAGn9wRPhz.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Kenney (Dr. Howard Glass)", "Monika Kelly (Angie Robinson)", "Sanford Mitchell (Landau)", "J. Byron Foster (Maltby)", "Warren Ball (Caleb)", "Ann Noble (Cleo)", "Vincent Barbi (Monk)", "Harry Lovejoy (The Neighbor)", "Zena Foster (Mrs. Babcock)", "Ray Dannis (Mr. Babcock)", "Charles Fox (Willie)", "Stephen Lester (The Mortician)", "Curt Matson (Paul the Stranger)", "Sherri Vernon (Wife)", "Richard Gilden (Husband)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Datapotomus", "content": "The only reason this movie didn\u2019t receive the lowest score possible is, because I kind of sat through it till the end.\r\n\r\nThis movie was god awful. I couldn\u2019t watch more than a couple minutes at a time without looking down at my phone to do something else. The acting was pretty horrible. The quality of the film looked like it was shot on film from the early sixties. The premise of the movie what that there was this cat food company that started up. The main ingredient for their food were corpses. So, the main villain in the movie would grind up the corpse, and then the grinded remains would fall into what looked to be a 5 gallon bucket. The cats would eat the ground remains. Then want to eat people?\r\n\r\nThis really doesn\u2019t make any sense as my cat doesn\u2019t tend to want to just go and eat animals\r\n\r\nI guess the main shock of this movie was supposed to be the fact that people were being ground up. I think\u2026 Mainly due to them showing the grinder and the bucket footage multiple times.  Either way\u2026. This movie was horrible."}], "recommandations_id": [213396, 86271, 27500, 92787]}