{"tmdb_id": 278774, "title": "Zapped, Une Application d'Enfer !", "original_title": "Zapped", "slug_title": "zapped-une-application-d-enfer", "date": "2014-06-27", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Zoey Stevens, 16 ans, danseuse dou\u00e9e et premi\u00e8re de la classe a du mal \u00e0 s\u2019adapter \u00e0 sa nouvelle \u00e9cole, son \u00e9quipe de danse, son nouveau beau-p\u00e8re, ses demi-fr\u00e8res turbulents et son chien indisciplin\u00e9. Mais les choses changent quand une application sur son t\u00e9l\u00e9phone commence \u00e0 contr\u00f4ler tous les gar\u00e7ons autour d\u2019elle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/727gop45TCbs7rfJvsZaAeDkMU0.jpg", "actors": ["Zendaya (Zoey Stevens)", "Chanelle Peloso (Rachel Todds)", "Spencer Boldman (Jackson Kale)", "Emilia McCarthy (Taylor Dean)", "Adam DiMarco (Adam Thompson)", "William Ainscough (Ben Thompson)", "Aleks Paunovic (Ted Thompson)", "Lucia Walters (Jeannie Stevens)", "Jedidiah Goodacre (Tripp van Winkle)", "Louriza Tronco (Yuki)", "Conner Cowie (Zach Thompson)", "Samuel Patrick Chu (Charlie Wang)", "Zachary Gibson (Short Dork Dancer)", "Christian J. Stewart (Wedding Guest (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Flopped terribly!**\r\n\r\nI did not know why there was so much hate on this film. I never give any preference to those criticisms. Instead, I always prefer taking chances and that's how I saw this film. I was not expecting much. Like usual any Disney films, I thought it would be fun, but my prediction went totally wrong. I am really sorry to join those criticisers, but this film is the worst I have seen in many years. Seeing the bad films are part of my watch, but I never expected this low. The last time I rated this low probably half a decade ago.\r\n\r\nThere's nothing much different in the story comparing with other Disney films such as the recent 'Adventures in Babysitting' and 'The Swap'. But those films fared decently, while this one was utterly crap. Firstly, the cast was unbelievable. It was totally a disaster, including the lead, Zendaya. The only bright spot was the Chanelle Peloso.Especially the mean girl was very annoying. Not as a character, but as an actor with her character execution.\r\n\r\nThe film was based on the book called 'Boys are Dogs'. But the narration was very slow in the film, it took forever between each scene. Only by dragging the film got past the 90 minutes, otherwise it is an hour long film. Only her fans might enjoy it. Not even the little kids or the grown-ups would do that, so I totally recommend to stay away from it. I never used such words that I wrote here for my reviews. I regret for that, but the fact remains that the film is not good, not even average, only very bad.\r\n\r\n_2/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [84105, 286987, 245473, 89185]}