{"tmdb_id": 278927, "title": "Le Livre de la jungle", "original_title": "The Jungle Book", "slug_title": "le-livre-de-la-jungle", "date": "2016-04-07", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Les aventures de Mowgli, un petit homme \u00e9lev\u00e9 dans la jungle par une famille de loups. Mais Mowgli n\u2019est plus le bienvenu dans la jungle depuis que le redoutable tigre Shere Khan, qui porte les cicatrices des hommes, promet d\u2019\u00e9liminer celui qu\u2019il consid\u00e8re comme une menace. Pouss\u00e9 \u00e0 abandonner le seul foyer qu\u2019il ait jamais connu, Mowgli se lance dans un voyage captivant, \u00e0 la d\u00e9couverte de soi, guid\u00e9 par son mentor la panth\u00e8re Bagheera et l\u2019ours Baloo. Sur le chemin, Mowgli rencontre des cr\u00e9atures comme Kaa, un pyton \u00e0 la voix s\u00e9duisante et au regard hypnotique et le Roi Louie, qui tente de contraindre Mowgli \u00e0 lui r\u00e9v\u00e9ler le secret de la fleur rouge et insaisissable : le feu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vOipe2myi26UDwP978hsYOrnUWC.jpg", "actors": ["Neel Sethi (Mowgli)", "Bill Murray (Baloo (voice))", "Ben Kingsley (Bagheera (voice))", "Idris Elba (Shere Khan (voice))", "Scarlett Johansson (Kaa (voice))", "Christopher Walken (King Louie (voice))", "Lupita Nyong'o (Raksha (voice))", "Giancarlo Esposito (Akela (voice))", "Garry Shandling (Ikki (voice))", "Jon Favreau (Pygmy Hog (voice))", "Sam Raimi (Giant Squirrel (voice))", "Russell Peters (Rocky the Rhino (voice))", "Brighton Rose (Gray (voice))", "Emjay Anthony (Young Wolf #1 (voice))", "Max Favreau (Young Wolf #2 (voice))", "Chloe Hechter (Young Wolf #3 (voice))", "Asher Blinkoff (Young Wolf #4 (voice))", "Knox Gagnon (Young Wolf #5 (voice))", "Sasha Schreiber (Young Wolf #6 (voice))", "Kai Schreiber (Young Wolf #7 (voice))", "Madeleine Favreau (Raquel the Rhino (voice))", "Ritesh Rajan (Infant Mowgli's Father)", "Kendrick Reyes (Infant Mowgli)", "Sara Arrington (Neelgai Deer (voice))", "Artie Esposito (Animal Voices (voice))", "Allan Trautman (Animal Voices (voice))", "Dee Bradley Baker (Animal Voices (voice))", "Sean W. Johnson (Animal Voices (voice))", "Daz Crawford (Shere Kahn (mo-cap) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "A great movie for the whole family. Watch my full review here.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews//the-jungle-book"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The red flower adventure!\r\n\r\nThe Rudyard Kipling's famous children's book was adapted numerous times for stage shows, television series, live-shot and animation films, and now here's the modern version and also the first digital 3D version. The Disney done it again bring all the classics to a new life, but it is a great team work, especially the post-production was terrific.\r\n\r\nIt is one of those stories never gets boring for repeat reading/listening/viewing. Of course, there were plenty of changes to the original source, but I would say it was upgraded so well. Jon Favreau did an awesome job as the director, definitely it is his one of the best films and will be remembered for very long. All the above he got the best screenplay with supportive production and crew.\r\n\r\nNeel Sethi was obviously a perfect choice for the man-cub, he had given his best and no one could doubt it was his first film. The entire film was shot in the studio settings and the whole time he had to act alone, because the remaining characters in the film are CGI. So in that viewpoint he actually did a breathtaking job being a very young.\r\n\r\nThe CGI characters were really excellent, but the non-fur animals like elephant looked a bit fake. I mean anatomically and character performances were perfect, only visually the 3D models were out of the blend in the screen with others. These are very small things to notice, but for the todays technology, it was not bad, especially thinking the film is primarily targeted children.\r\n\r\nThe story was simple, like half of the film was an introduction and almost all the important characters from the book were launched at a high profile. It was actually the story with a backdrop of red flower. So the narration moves different part of the jungle, lot like the levels in a game. Various adventures take place and well composed stunt sequences.\r\n\r\nI mentioned stunts right, but there were no violences, I mean nothing seriously to concern about as expected for a Disney film. Yet because of those actions, the film is very much suitable for adult viewing. So apart from the children and families, it can be watched by anyone. One of the top Disney films to do best at the box office worldwide by grabbing almost $1b.\r\n\r\nSo aggressive, furious Shere Khan ever to portray. I think the little children may get scared for his unpleasant face look and the strong roar. By the way all the songs were amazing and the end credit was very interesting. Finally, I saw it after a long wait and anticipation, most importantly, I'm very happy how beautifully it was made.\r\n\r\nThe film was not shot in India, but the locations were so resembling and gives the perfect Indian feel. Climbing a cliff by Baloo and fighting the monkeys, like that there were numerous jokes. Surely one of the grandly made children's film at the recent time. I've heard the sequel is already on the progress, so bring it on, at least a trilogy before Neel turn to a big boy.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I had only one true issue with Jon Favreau's _Jungle Book_, and while it does seem like sort of an unfair one, it's also a pretty huge one.\r\n\r\nFor months before I got the chance to see this remake, I heard non-stop about what a great actor the kid playing Mowgli was, how photorealistic all the animals were, and how you would never be able to guess that the backgrounds were all actually sound stages that had been animated over. Well I just watched _The Jungle Book_, and I found all three of those compliments to be patently untrue. That might sound like three issues, but in reality they all boil down to the same one thing, suspension of disbelief. Or more accurately, the lack of it. From the word go, there wasn't s moment that I found myself being continuously drawn out of the story because of one of those reasons (usually the look of the creatures). I was not once able to fully engage, and though I recognise that from a plot point of view, this version was even better than the 1967 one, I still found myself constantly aggravated by the harsh meshing of Mowgli against the world around him.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Not quite for me, but I definitely get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is without a doubt a very good family movie. Many people seem to compare it unfavorably with the \u201coriginal\u201d animated movie from Walt Disney. To me these are quite different movies and should not really be compared. I have not read the book but I have a feeling that this movie follows the book more closely. It is a wee bit darker, more serious and incredibly beautiful to watch.\r\n\r\nI quite liked the original jungle book movie. It was one of my favorites when I was a kid. I am therefore quite happy that this was not just a \u201cdumb\u201d remake with modern CGI and that I quite liked this take of the classic story. This movie is, as I wrote, much more serious and a wee bit darker. It is less of a children\u2019s movie than the original.\r\n\r\nThe wolves are getting much more time in this movie which is good. Mowgli\u2019s opponents are also much less comical and much more sinister. Kaa is a beastly snake with no remorse, King Louie is a huge, scheming, and tyrannical ape King and finally Shere Khan is a ruthless, human hating,\u00a0tiger that kills anyone or anything that stands in his way.\r\n\r\nThe CGI is top notch as far as I am concerned. The jungle scenery is absolutely stunning and it is really worth watching the movie just for the scenery. Combined with a classic adventure story that is not half bad makes\u00a0for a\u00a0really a good movie.\r\nI was definitely positively surprised by this movie. For me it is a big success."}], "recommandations_id": [140300, 258489, 294272, 290595], "youtube_key": "TKRr_f85shA"}