{"tmdb_id": 279029, "title": "Jewels", "original_title": "Jewels", "slug_title": "jewels", "date": "2014-01-19", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "George Balanchine's jewel-themed triptych, strikingly choreographed to the music of Faure, Stravinsky and Tchaikovsky. This three act masterpiece is renowned as the world's first full-length abstract ballet. The Russian-born co-founder of the New York City Ballet, Balanchine was inspired by the artistry of jewellery designer Claude Arpels to create a trio of distinct movements revealing the essence of each precious stone. Each part also evokes three different cities: Paris, New York and St. Petersburg. 'Emeralds' was conceived as a tribute to the French romantic school, with music by Gabriel Faure. The fiery and energetic 'Rubies' taps into the rich tradition of Broadway musicals, with music by Stravinsky. 'Diamonds' honours the grandeur of Imperial Russia and the Maryinsky Theater, choreographed to the music of Tchaikovsky. With its jewel-like costumes, this is a celebration of the influences on the choreographer who was described as the father of American ballet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ArvKKQIlxRUcYBgHjCmWMRoeZDM.jpg", "actors": ["Ivan Alexeyev (Emerald)", "Vladislav Lantratov (Emerald)", "Anastasia Stashkevich (Emerald)", "Anna Tikhomirova (Emerald)", "Yanina Parienko (Emerald)", "Igor Tsvirko (Emerald)", "Ana Turazashvili (Emerald)", "Ekaterina Krysanova (Ruby)", "Vyacheslav Lopatin (Ruby)", "Ekaterina Shipulina (Ruby)", "Semyon Chudin (Diamond)", "Olga Smirnova (Diamond)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}