{"tmdb_id": 279641, "title": "Whiskey Tango Foxtrot", "original_title": "Whiskey Tango Foxtrot", "slug_title": "whiskey-tango-foxtrot", "date": "2016-03-04", "genre": ["Guerre / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Adaptation du livre homonyme de Kim Barker, journaliste de guerre qui a voyag\u00e9 entre l'Afghanistan et le Pakistan pour les besoins de son m\u00e9tier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/96vLovyljHFXIZIF0Ffar5qcldV.jpg", "actors": ["Tina Fey (Kim Barker)", "Margot Robbie (Tanya Vanderpoel)", "Billy Bob Thornton (General Hollanek)", "Martin Freeman (Iain MacKelpie)", "Josh Charles (Chris)", "Alfred Molina (Ali Massoud Sadiq)", "Christopher Abbott (Fahim Ahmadzai)", "Nicholas Braun (Tall Brian)", "Sheila Vand (Shakira)", "Evan Jonigkeit (Coughlin)", "Ava Del Cielo (Elena)", "Lauren Myers (Woman with Penicillin Scrip)", "Monique Candelaria (Geri's Receptionist)", "Dylan Kenin (Antoine)", "Steve Peacocke (Nic)", "Scott Takeda (Ed Faber)", "Sterling K. Brown (Sgt. Hurd)", "Soledad O'Brien (Soledad O'Brien)", "Stafford Douglas (Sgt. Gundacker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Journalism in the war zone, but very funny!\r\n\r\nThe first impression was the reaction to the title abbreviation, and then I thought I saw Jody Foster on the poster, but surprised to find Tina Fey in the trailer. It is a great war-drama, filled with lots of fun and hard to believe it is a biography. This should be the best film for these directors till date. Amazing cast, but Tina Fey totally cracked it. This is one of the best films of the 2016.\r\n\r\nI have seen many Afghan war based films, but not quite fun as this one. It gives you a completely different take on the war torn Afghan. It was the story of an American journalist Kim, who was sent to their for the latest coverage. At first she struggles with the new place, then makes a few friends and finds comfortable despite security threat. The rest of the film reveals how her life, as well as career transforms with the experience of working in the dangerous environment.\r\n\r\nApart from starring in it, Tina Fey produced it and this is her best film in the recent years. The first half was wonderful, then during in the middle I felt it lost its track, but it came back strongly to end. This tale focused mainly on the living-style of the reports in the hostile place, besides their tough jobs. The battle scenes were minimised and highlighted the journalism. So don't expect it to be another 'A Thousands Times Good Night', it is refreshing though. It is a well worth, so don't miss it!\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [266294, 333352, 333385, 323676], "youtube_key": "dxAcIWDi8ps"}