{"tmdb_id": 280156, "title": "Uyire Uyire", "original_title": "Uyire Uyire", "slug_title": "uyire-uyire", "date": "2016-04-01", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "A youngster realises that the girl he loves is the sister of the guy who had tormented his own sister in the past.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n6kZU2UkBZHBk5xeW4lyznIogw8.jpg", "actors": ["Siddhu ()", "Hansika Motwani (Priya)", "Chaya Singh ()", "Gavin Siva ()", "Ajay ()", "Rohini ()", "Uma Padmanabhan ()", "Meera Krishnan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "The 2012 Telugu film Ishq was a surprise hit at the box office and watching this remake, you realise why its good show must have come as a surprise. This is one of those films where every character acts/reacts in the most unrealistic and silliest manner to every situation. \r\n\r\nThere is Rahul (Siddhu, whose whiny voice brings to mind Ravikrishna of 7/G, Rainbow Colony), who thinks that the best way to make peace with Shiva (Ajay), the guy who tormented his sister during their college days, is by doing things that embarrass and anger him even further. He is also a creep who will not hesitate to waste a Rs 1,000 note to stare at the exposed back of the girl standing in front of him. \r\n\r\nBut that doesn't bother Priya (Hansika, for whom a proper lip-sync seems to have become an impossible task), who doesn't mind going on a sightseeing trip in Goa with Rahul, even though he makes her squirm by shamelessly ogling at her midriff. She also acts super-thrilled when she learns of the history between Rahul, her lover and Shiva, her brother and almost has an orgasm when the latter chases them on a highway. \r\n\r\nAs for Shiva, he wants to patch up with his dad (Naren), who has avoided him ever since he had found out about his mean attitude towards Divya (Chaya Singh), Rahul's sister. But he keeps doing spiteful things even though he can easily win the favour of his dad by agreeing to the match between Priya and Rahul. \r\n\r\nRealising that these characters can never resolve their problems if left to themselves, we are offered a sub-plot involving a ruffian who tried to rape Priya in Goa and his gangster brother who lives in Chennai. By then, we are only too eager to get out of the theatre as quickly as we can that we are happy to buy into such an implausible coincidence."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}