{"tmdb_id": 28019, "title": "Fais-leur vivre l'enfer, Malone !", "original_title": "Give 'em Hell, Malone", "slug_title": "fais-leur-vivre-l-enfer-malone", "date": "2009-01-01", "genre": "Action / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Malone est un d\u00e9tective priv\u00e9 qui a la r\u00e9putation d\u2019\u00eatre un dur. On le dit si coriace qu\u2019il est impossible \u00e0 tuer. Envoy\u00e9 pour r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer une mallette dans un h\u00f4tel minable, Malone tombe tout droit dans un pi\u00e8ge \u00e9labor\u00e9 par le criminel le plus notoire de la ville. Les balles, les poings et le sang fusent tandis que Malone livre un combat \u00e0 l\u2019imposant mastodonte et \u00e0 l\u2019arm\u00e9e de voyous qui prot\u00e8ge la mallette, son myst\u00e9rieux contenu et une voluptueuse cliente qui, avec tous les tracas qu\u2019elle occasionne, n\u2019en vaut peut \u00eatre pas le coup.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g8g5y9AFHdrKiuota0b3XvoxX7j.jpg", "actors": ["Thomas Jane (Malone)", "Ving Rhames (Boulder)", "Elsa Pataky (Evelyn)", "Doug Hutchison (Matchstick)", "Leland Orser (Murphy)", "French Stewart (Frankie the Crooner)", "Gregory Harrison (Whitmore)", "Eileen Ryan (Gloria)", "David Andriole (Pencil Stache)", "Chris Yen (Mauler)", "Patrick Treadway (Jerry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is kind of difficult to rate. In one sense it is the kind of hardboiled private investigator taking no shit and dishing out his own kind of justice that I like. However it is also, at times, a really silly movie with rather a silly script and a main character that takes a ludicrous amount of beating and still pops up and kicks ass.\r\n\r\nIn the end I decided that I did indeed like this movie. I liked its rather \u201cnoir\u201d atmosphere and the fact that the character indeed is tough as nails and kicks some serious ass. There is plenty of action in the movie and it is quite violent and sometimes a bit silly but it fits the movie and I think this particular movie would be less to my liking without it.\r\n\r\nThere are some interesting bad guys in the movie as well. There are of course the basic thugs which are disposed of rather quickly but there is the lollypop girl which is adding a bit of flavor, there is the big black guy which is really not so much a bad guy but a worthy adversary of Malone and then there is the totally whacko pyromaniac, Matchstick. This guy is insanely scary. I quite liked him, not as a person of course but as an element of the movie.\r\n\r\nThe story is sometimes as whacko as some of the characters in the movie so do not expect a good mystery or even a coherent story out of this movie. Sure it has a red thread going through it and there is an explanation at the end but sometimes what the characters do and how we get from start to finish seems rather ad-hoc to me. Still, the overall wackiness of all the various elements of this movie combines to something that I did indeed like.\r\n\r\nThe end was a wee bit disappointing though. Sometimes, when watching a movie, it is clear that there was an intention to produce a sequel but end a feature movie with a \u201cTo be continued\u2026\u201d text is really stupid unless you already have a signed contract for the sequel. Luckily the actual story is brought to a good enough conclusion and it is just a few of Malone\u2019s personal loose ends left at the end of the movie."}], "recommandations_id": [41496, 35689, 285844, 219575]}