{"tmdb_id": 280254, "title": "Guru", "original_title": "\u0d17\u0d41\u0d30\u0d41", "slug_title": "guru", "date": "1997-07-04", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Guru is a fantasy film. It is highly symbolic and makes a statement on terrorism by religions and the evils of the world. The story starts in small peaceful village in India. There is peace between the Hindus and the Muslims that live there. They all get along like family. Raghur\u0101man (Mohanlal) is the son of the local Hindu temple's priest. When an ambitious politician's (NF Varghese) goons disguised as Muslims cause trouble at the local temple, tensions break out between the two communities. The tensions soon flame into a religious riot. Muslims and Hindus began killing each other for the sake of their own religions. Raghur\u0101man joins Hindu gang which is about to attack a group of Muslims who have taken refuge in a guru's asram (a place where a holy guru lived and worked). But at a point Raghur\u0101man has an out of the world experience in the asram.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z38c0HnZsHhPQGJBOowk1X3Twhh.jpg", "actors": ["Mohanlal (Raghuraman)", "Sithara (Vaidehi)", "Suresh Gopi (Vijayanthan)", "Madhupal (Ramanakan)", "Kaveri (Princes Syamantaga)", "Sreenivasan (Shravanakan)", "Sreelakshmi (Sitalakshmi)", "Ganesh Bal ()", "Murali (Sahib Abdullah)", "Nassar (Culprit)", "Captain Raju (Old King)", "Nedumudi Venu (teacher)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [240179, 275366, 210737, 312927], "youtube_key": "FjV7Fq9Ieqo"}