{"tmdb_id": 28049, "title": "Op\u00e9ration peur", "original_title": "Operazione paura", "slug_title": "operation-peur", "date": "1966-07-08", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Quelle est la terrible mal\u00e9diction qui p\u00e8se sur ce joli petit village ? C'est ce que doit d\u00e9couvrir le Dr. Eswai appel\u00e9 \u00e0 l'aide par l'inspecteur Kruger, impuissant devant une vague de mort frappant les villageois. Aid\u00e9s par une sorci\u00e8re, ils vont progressivement comprendre que ces morts atroces sont intimement li\u00e9es au d\u00e9c\u00e8s d'une jeune enfant. Entre manipulation et vengeance d'outre-tombe, l'horrible v\u00e9rit\u00e9 va \u00e9clater au grand jour...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fyGzcMVf8iospgEtBoZkvO9j9Vr.jpg", "actors": ["Giacomo Rossi-Stuart (Dr. Paul Eswai)", "Erika Blanc (Monica Schuftan)", "Fabienne Dali (Ruth)", "Piero Lulli (Insp. Kruger)", "Luciano Catenacci (Karl)", "Giovanna Galletti (Baroness Graps)", "Micaela Esdra (Nadienne)", "Franca Dominici (Martha)", "Giuseppe Addobbati (Innkeeper)", "Mirella Pamphili (Irena Hollander)", "Valerio Valeri (Melissa Graps)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Colorful Italian Gothic/Horror from Mario Bava\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1966 and directed by Mario Bava, \"Kill, Baby, Kill\" takes place in a Carpathian village in 1907 where Dr. Paul Eswai (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) arrives to perform an autopsy at the request of the inspector (Piero Lulli). The evidence points to the hamlet being cursed with a mysterious ghost girl that compels those who see her to kill themselves, which the doctor thinks is rubbish; at first anyway. Erika Blanc plays a visiting medical student who assists Eswai while Fabienne Dali appears as the village witch and Giovanna Galletti as a bitter baroness. Luciano Catenacci is on hand as the burgomaster (mayor) and the witch\u2019s lover.\r\n\r\nThe movie has a colorful and haunting Gothic/Horror ambiance, which can be traced to earlier films like the B&W \"The City of the Dead\" (aka \"Horror Hotel\") (1960) and, more so, \u201cThe Terror\u201d (1963), which was one of Francis Ford Coppola\u2019s early works, although he only directed part of it. Like those flicks, \u201cKill, Baby, Kill\u201d features mysterious manors, dilapidated churches, ghosts, cobwebs, witches and bell towers in the mold of Hammer flicks of the era, such as the contemporaneous \"Dracula, Prince of Darkness\" (1966). As far as spooky MOOD goes, \u201cKill, Baby, Kill\u201d is superb, but the story isn\u2019t as compelling as \u201cThe Terror,\u201d except for the last act. Nevertheless, the movie has influenced many artists and their works.\r\n\r\nRossi-Stuart makes for a stalwart protagonist in the mold of James Bond (looks-wise) while Erika Blanc and Fabienne Dali work well on the other side of the gender spectrum, both striking in different ways.\r\n\r\nThe title of the film is cheesy and recalls Russ Meyer\u2019s \u201cFaster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!\u201d from the year before. It was obviously used to give the film a \u201chip\u201d edge and sell as many tickets as possible. In 1971 it was retitled \u201cCurse of the Living Dead\u201d in the US, which was a 100% improvement. Here are several other sample titles that would be an upgrade, as well as more accurate:  \u201cVillage of the Laughing Dead\u201d; \u201cNight of the Laughing Dead\u201d; \u201cChild of Vengeance\u201d; \u201cThe Ghost at the Window\u201d; \u201cChild Cursed Village\u201d; \u201cForgotten Daughter\u201d; \u201cMake them Pay\u201d; \u201cSorceress' Regret\u201d; \u201cMelissa\u201d; and \u201cMelissa\u2019s Curse.\u201d\r\n\r\nOkay, now for a few joke titles: \u201cMelissa and her Sissa\u201d; \u201cThe Graps of Wrath\u201d; \u201cThat Damn Ball\u201d and \u201cGhost Boy in Drag.\u201d That last one is due to the fact that the ghost girl was played by a boy, one-shot actor Valerio Valeri.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 23 minutes and was shot entirely in Rome, Lazio, Italy. WRITERS: Romano Migliorini, Roberto Natale and Bava.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [28043, 28055, 27636, 17921], "youtube_key": "a1RULhoVSMc"}