{"tmdb_id": 28040, "title": "Hell's Highway", "original_title": "Hell's Highway", "slug_title": "hell-s-highway", "date": "2002-02-12", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "3.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6339VxKgehCg686ozMtqYDGi0nX.jpg", "actors": ["Phoebe Dollar (Lucindia Polonia)", "Beverly Lynne (Monique)", "Garrett Clancy (Dr. Sullivan)", "Kiren David (Sarah)", "Hank Horner (Eric)", "Jonathan Gray (Chris)", "Joseph Haggerty (Preacher)", "Joe Castro (Guard)", "Darlene Tygrett (Nurse)", "Brandon Ellison (Doctor / Demon)", "Ron Jeremy (Jack)", "Jackie Johnson (Julie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Tacky, but very entertaining micro-budget horror trash with Phoebe Dollar\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN January, 2002, and written/directed by Jeff Leroy, \u201cHell\u2019s Highway\u201d is a cheap slasher about two couples traveling through Death Valley to the California coast where they pick up a hitchhiker from hell (Phoebe Dollar). Havoc ensues. The infamous Ron Jeremy is featured in a glorified cameo.\r\n\r\n\u201cHell\u2019s Highway\u201d proves that an ultra-low budget doesn\u2019t mean a movie can\u2019t be entertaining. Yes, some of the gory parts are cheesy (while others are pretty impressive) and a miniature set is obvious, but both are serviceable (and somewhat charming) and keep the story flowing. Viewing the trailer, I thought this was going to be a horror comedy, but it\u2019s not; it\u2019s essentially a serious slasher with cheesy effects and campy elements, particularly Phoebe as the over-the-top nefarious hitchhiker. Jeff Leroy shows his genius in that \u201cHell\u2019s Highway\u201d is adept spare-change filmmaking and genuinely amusing DESPITE the obvious cheapness of it all.\r\n\r\nWithout Phoebe in the key role, however, it wouldn\u2019t be half as effective as it is. She\u2019s not blow-your-mind beautiful or anything, but she has a unique look and there\u2019s something alluring about her demeanor, not to mention she has curves in all the right places. Beverly Lynne (Monique), with her conventional \u201chot blonde\u201d look, can\u2019t hold a candle to her (she has an unnecessary softcore sex scene, for anyone who might be offended). Kiren David, as Sarah, is the third main female in the cast and is a convincing actress. Actually, all the main cast members take the material seriously and offer respectable performances.\r\n\r\nThe score/soundtrack didn\u2019t do much for me, unfortunately. This is a movie that needs a few quality rockin\u2019 numbers. The last act features a couple of creative twists in the story and shows that Leroy put some time into the script. But, as semi-enjoyable as this flick is, there are regrettably too many unnecessary nasty elements to give it a higher grade.\r\n\r\nThe film has little filler at a mere 70 minutes and looks like it was shot in Southern California. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": []}