{"tmdb_id": 280913, "title": "The Teacher's Diary", "original_title": "\u0e04\u0e34\u0e14\u0e16\u0e36\u0e07\u0e27\u0e34\u0e17\u0e22\u0e32", "slug_title": "the-teacher-s-diary", "date": "2014-03-20", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "It follows the story of two lonely teachers, a male (Song) and a female (Ann). They were assigned at the same rural school in the Chiang Mai area, but a year apart. The girl being assigned first, attempted to write her thoughts in a diary, being stuck out in boonies. One day she has to be transferred to another school and left the diary. The male teacher came by as a substitute and saw the diary, thus, falling in love with the unacquainted writer. He also wrote his thoughts in it. The guy also left and the lady returned and saw that there are added articles in the diary. She also fell in love with him but now having a hard time looking for the boy. Will the two ever meet?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wK3AKi23QZ78mthGuJLPEy4DNot.jpg", "actors": ["Sukrit Wisetkaew (Song)", "Chermarn Boonyasak (Ann)", "Sukollawat Kanarot (Nui)", "Chutima Teepanart (Nam)", "Witawat Singlampong (Nam's New Boyfriend)", "Maneeratana Sricharoen (Gigi)", "Phansiri Kositsuriyapan (Tuna)", "Kittametta Muangdee (Thong)", "Wasin Kerdnana (Meuk)", "Apitharn Rungcharoenrod (Gao)", "Tuchapong Rugtawatr (Chon)", "Chalee Sricharoen (The Principal)", "Pichai Mitra ()", "Patcharin Rorsem ()", "Vatanya Thamdee ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [25937, 72733, 127247, 357540], "youtube_key": "I5QlFDuAgb4"}