{"tmdb_id": 281159, "title": "MILFBusters XXX: A porn Parody", "original_title": "MILFBusters XXX: A porn Parody", "slug_title": "milfbusters-xxx-a-porn-parody", "date": "2011-04-22", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "They Don't Just Bang MILF: They Put Them To The Test! In this extra hot and sticky episode of MILFBusters, Adam and Jamie test out one of their favorite sex myths: does an apple pie really feel like the inside of a woman's fur pie? Meanwhile, Kari is going to suck it up and test out another popular sex myth on Tori: do women really enjoy giving head? Or is Kari about to bust this myth sloppily? Then, the resident sexperts are going to make a splash, by testing out the mother of all sex mysteries: is female ejaculation real, or is squirting just another porn valley urban legend? And they're probably gonna blow some shit up, too. Why? Why the fuck not? Who are the MILF Busters? Jamie Hyman and Adam Ravage. Between them, over 30 years of MILF-banging experience!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/px40dY9IeDGl6N107HtnDWWKjcd.jpg", "actors": ["India Summer (Milf #1 (segment \"The Apple Pie-gina\"))", "Anthony Rosano (Adam (segments \"The Apple Pie-gina\" and \"Aged to Perfection\"))", "Paris Kennedy (Kari (segment \"Blown on the 4th of July\"))", "Brian Street Team (Tory (segment \"Blown on the 4th of July\"))", "Zoey Holloway (MILF #2 (segment \"Go Chasing Waterfalls\"))", "Barry Scott (Jamie (segments \"Go Chasing Waterfalls\" and \"Sex Bomb\"))", "Rebecca Bardoux (MILF #3 (segment \"Sex Bomb\"))", "Raylene (MILF #4 (segment \"Aged to Perfection\"))", "Lee Roy Myers (Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}