{"tmdb_id": 281338, "title": "La Plan\u00e8te des singes : Supr\u00e9matie", "original_title": "War for the Planet of the Apes", "slug_title": "la-planete-des-singes-suprematie", "date": "2017-07-11", "genre": ["Drame / Science-Fiction / Guerre"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "C\u00e9sar et les Singes sont contraints de mener un combat dont ils ne veulent pas contre une arm\u00e9e d'Humains dirig\u00e9e par un Colonel impitoyable. Les Singes connaissent des pertes consid\u00e9rables et C\u00e9sar, dans sa qu\u00eate de vengeance, va devoir lutter contre ses instincts les plus noirs. Au terme d\u2019un p\u00e9riple qui le conduira \u00e0 un face \u00e0 face avec le Colonel, les Singes et les Humains vont se livrer une guerre sans merci \u00e0 l\u2019issue de laquelle une seule des deux esp\u00e8ces survivra - et dominera la plan\u00e8te.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ijQHiImv16vNSeZQsmih04kwn0C.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Serkis (Caesar)", "Woody Harrelson (The Colonel)", "Steve Zahn (Bad Ape)", "Karin Konoval (Maurice)", "Terry Notary (Rocket)", "Ty Olsson (Red Donkey)", "Michael Adamthwaite (Luca)", "Toby Kebbell (Koba)", "Judy Greer (Cornelia)", "Sara Canning (Lake)", "Max Lloyd-Jones (Blue Eyes)", "Devyn Dalton (Cornelius)", "Aleks Paunovic (Winter)", "Amiah Miller (Nova)", "Gabriel Chavarria (Preacher)", "Alessandro Juliani (Spear)", "Chad Rook (Boyle)", "Timothy Webber (Elder)", "Roger Cross (Captain)", "Mercedes de la Zerda (Lang)", "John Kassir (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "David Kaye (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Lex Lang (Ape Vocal Effects (voice))", "David Michie (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Colleen O'Shaughnessey (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Ben Pronsky (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Matthew Wolf (ADR Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Movie Queen41", "content": "Excellent trilogy\r\n\r\nMost Hollywood remakes/reboots are failed cash grabs. They are pale imitations of the superior originals. But the new Planet of the Apes trilogy surprises in that it trumps all the previous Apes films--those from the 60's and 70's as well as the Tim Burton 2001 misfire. Caesar still leads the intelligent apes against the human forces who want to eradicate them. Caesar even shows mercy to some of his human captives, but the humans who fear the apes will not relent in their attempts to destroy them. The movie is driven largely by Andy Serkis's superb portrayal of Caesar. He is a complex and intriguing character. Woody Harrelson is also very good as the villain. His character is no generic, stock bad guy. He's layered and you may even surprisingly feel some sympathy for him. A great and thought provoking popcorn flick."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "On this movie I have to get a couple of things out of the way straight away.\n\nFirst, the movie title and the blurb is hyperbole that has little to do with actual events in the movie. This is not some great war but just some silly little three way skirmish between some apes and two human factions.\n\nSecond, the story for this movie is clearly written by someone who has an agenda and that agenda includes preaching how bad the white man is.\nNot surprisingly the result is bland, boring, frustrating and not very entertaining. \n\nI thought Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was mildly entertaining. Mostly due to the special effects. I thought Rise of the Planet of the Apes was okay. Again due to the special effects and because it had a fair amount of action. War for the Planet of the Apes do have decent special effects but nothing else. Add the obvious political agenda and the movie goes straight into a nose dive.\n\nThe humans in the movie are stereotypical bad people and the apes are victims whether they are actually good apes or just asshole apes. There\u2019s some decent action in the beginning and some at the end. In between we are \u201ctreated\u201d to a slew of emotional scenes (or at least I suppose that\u2019s what they were supposed to be) were Ceasars grief and the evil of man are force fed down our throats.\n\nNot surprisingly the movie ends, which it of course do not do until all humans in sight are killed off for no good reason, with the apes finding their little part of heaven all shown in warm and rosy colors. Close curtain\u2026thank good!\n\nI was not expecting much from this movie but this was a typical Hollywood-with-an-agenda-movie. That is, not a good movie as far as I am concerned."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The title _War for the Planet of the Apes_ is perhaps a misnomer, and it doesn't necessarily build the legend in the way I was expecting it to, but a worthy threequel it still makes, and blockbuster trilogy with no bad entries is a rare thing to see.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [119450, 61791, 293167, 126889], "youtube_key": "yDBFrQvfGlQ"}