{"tmdb_id": 281957, "title": "The Revenant", "original_title": "The Revenant", "slug_title": "the-revenant", "date": "2015-12-25", "genre": "Western / Drame / Aventure", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans une Am\u00e9rique profond\u00e9ment sauvage, le trappeur Hugh Glass est s\u00e9v\u00e8rement bless\u00e9 et laiss\u00e9 pour mort par un tra\u00eetre de son \u00e9quipe, John Fitzgerald. Avec sa seule volont\u00e9 pour unique arme, Glass doit affronter un environnement hostile, un hiver brutal et des tribus guerri\u00e8res, dans une inexorable lutte pour sa survie, port\u00e9e par un intense d\u00e9sir de vengeance. [ le film est le remake de :  Le Convoi sauvage (1971)  ]", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AsDto68FNWNXD15Ov0yMXASJiSB.jpg", "actors": ["Leonardo DiCaprio (Hugh Glass)", "Tom Hardy (John Fitzgerald)", "Will Poulter (Jim Bridger)", "Domhnall Gleeson (Captain Andrew Henry)", "Paul Anderson (Anderson)", "Brad Carter (Johnnie)", "Kristoffer Joner (Murphy)", "Lukas Haas (Jones)", "Brendan Fletcher (Fryman)", "Joshua Burge (Stubby Bill)", "Robert Moloney (Dave Chapman)", "Grace Dove (Hugh Glass' Wife)", "Timothy Lyle (Gordon in Shack)", "Kory Grim (Trapper Hatchet in Back)", "Forrest Goodluck (Hawk)", "Duane Howard (Elk Dog)", "Arthur RedCloud (Hikuc)", "Vincent Leclerc (French Trapper #1)", "Emmanuel Bilodeau (French Interpreter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "rahuliam", "content": "The Revenant, a ravishingly violent Western survival yarn from Alejandro Gonz\u00e1lez I\u00f1\u00e1rritu, has a healthy few, scattered like acorns across its two-and-a-half-hour canvas..... no matter how extended, the film\u2019s tense story is under the director\u2019s complete control...DiCaprio\u2019s performance is an astonishing testament to his commitment to a role. cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki done a great job..as a supporting actor tom hardy is brilliant..must watch..."}, {"pseudo": "jamilammar", "content": "I thought this was a great movie. Seemed like it was a very physically demanding role for Leo."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Good performances by DiCaprio and, even more, Hardy.\r\n\r\nGood directing, specially the initial attack, photography, landscapes and soundtrack but the story is, at some points, unnecessarily violent and the action scenes are, sometimes, somehow stupid; people letting others to kill them, or ignoring foes close by ...\r\n\r\nA good movie all in all, but not one of the greatests."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The one who came back from the dead to avenge.\r\n\r\nThe movie was inspired by the real event that sets in the year 1823, United States. When one of the crew members of the hunters left behind after he was severely hurt from a bear attack, he desperately looks for a way to get back to the camp alive, especially to avenge for the death of his close one. The whole film was about survival in the wilderness and to avoid the native Americans. But the introduction in the opening was very brief and in the final act, it was another brief man hunt. Overall, it was an enjoyable movie for adults with some gruesome scenes.\r\n\r\nThe movie was made on a grand scale. Well written screenplay, good direction, the cast, music and the locations, but it would have been even awesome if it was true to the original occurrence. I felt it was cinematically overdosed, especially for the commercial purpose. The fans of Leonardo Dicaprio's overwhelming celebration created a huge buzz. In fact, it looks like the entire Hollywood is his fan and the Oscars given to him out of sympathy, because I have seen his best performances better than this in the past.\r\n\r\nThe length of the movie was a big concern, should have been at least 15 minutes shorter. But the visuals were fantastic, the CGI bear was almost flawless. There are plenty of reasons why this should not be missed, at a time the narration lacks the realism. Otherwise, it would have made a wonderful semi-documentary film. So don't have high hope on this, especially if you're no ones fans, but just love watching movies like me. A little bit overrated everywhere, but still this movie is good, just good, that's it, not a masterpiece.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "There's nothing really to complain about the acting but their praise and this movie is overrated. Read my full review here.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews//therevenant"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This is the best film I have seen all year (since 'Birdman', in fact, the previous film by Innaritu). It was expertly directed. The use of natural light really adds to the danger of the environment that surrounds Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio). Innaritu loves the camera to pan around objects and people to create a sense of awe and spectacle.\r\n\r\nLeonardo DiCaprio really did deserve all the awards that he got for this role. I thought it was his best film by far. The realism and intensity of his performance really comes through.\r\n\r\nThe story was gripping throughout the whole film and I found the twists and turns very interesting.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**The following is a long form review that I originally wrote in 2015.**\r\n\r\nFrom a technical point of view, _The Revenant_ is one of the most masterful pieces of cinema I've ever seen. This made its one technical failure all the more jarring. The ADR. I don't know how or why this was allowed to happen, but the dubbing of the Native Americans is some 70's style shit, it's awful, and it's awful every single time. In your average film this would be only a minor annoyance, but in _The Revenant_ which A) pretty much nails everything else in the AV department, and B) Takes itself so goddamn seriously, this issue is painfully distracting.\r\n\r\nI also found myself continuously rooting for the antagonists (first the bear, and later Hardy) subconsciously, and scolding myself for it. The good aspect of this is that it was rooted in the fact that all the characters are humanised (even the bear) and fallible, which I like, but the flip-side to that is I was less sympathetic to Leo's character, which takes up the majority of the screen time, and thusly I did not feel fully engaged for a large portion of the movie.\r\n\r\nIn fact the whole second and third acts underwhelmed me in that exact way. That's not to say that they were bad, but they were invariably weaker than the first act. After its end the rest of the film did feel like it was stretched a mite thin.\r\n\r\nThat all said, I knew within about 90 seconds that I was going to give _The Revenant_ a favourable review. Visually, it has this ethereal effect. It feels **too** real. So real that it must be a trick, the world of _The Revenant_ is alien in its realness. A bizarre contradictory nature that struck a chord with me immediately. For the average cinema-goer, I would say _The Revenant_ is worth your time, but for a movie aficionado or film student, I would say _The Revenant_ isn't anything short of a must.\r\n\r\n75%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [273248, 286217, 296098, 194662]}