{"tmdb_id": 282274, "title": "Come Back, Little Sheba", "original_title": "Come Back, Little Sheba", "slug_title": "come-back-little-sheba", "date": "1977-12-31", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "An emotionally remote recovering alcoholic and his dowdy, unambitious wife face a personal crisis when they take in an attractive lodger.  Come Back, Little Sheba is a videotaped television production of the play of the same name by William Inge made by Granada Television as part of the anthology series Laurence Olivier Presents transmitted in the UK by ITV on 1 January 1978. The selected plays were intended to represent \"the best\" in 20th Century theatre, staged for television.  The original play premiered on Broadway in 1950 and was subsequently filmed in 1952. In this version, the cast is led by Laurence Olivier and Joanne Woodward and features Carrie Fisher, Patience Collier and Nicholas Campbell. It was directed by Silvio Narizzano.  The play was released as part of a 6-DVD set of Laurence Olivier Presents, which also includes Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Collection, Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Hindle Wakes.  -Wikipedia", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Laurence Olivier (Doc Delaney)", "Joanne Woodward (Lola Delaney)", "Carrie Fisher (Marie)", "Nicholas Campbell (Turk)", "Patience Collier (Mrs. Coffman)", "William Hootkins (Postman)", "Bob Sherman (Milkman)", "Sheridan Earl Russell (Telegraph Boy)", "Jay Benedict (Brice)", "Bruce Boa (Ed)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}