{"tmdb_id": 282659, "title": "Perfect: Android Rising", "original_title": "Perfect: Android Rising", "slug_title": "perfect-android-rising", "date": "2013-06-14", "genre": "Drame / Science-Fiction", "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uPnPoFpjp9mGql84TPCkrdeLqKB.jpg", "actors": ["Roberto Lombardi (Dr. Peter Hess)", "Samantha Talbott (LIA)", "Kasey Williams (Cass)", "Rick Zahn (General Arken)", "Hector De La Rosa (Brooks)", "Dana Jesberger (Avis)", "Nick Grock (Wyatt)", "Mark Hawk (General Krosier)", "Sarah McAvoy (Dr. Cole)", "Andrew Roth (Lab Tech Jensen)", "Shawn Parr (Jake the Tracker)", "Emmanuel Brown (Cable Guy)", "Pai Sen Wang (Drill Instructor)", "Christian Chase (Lab Tech)", "Jerry Todisco (Rock)", "Burns Luciano (Jimmy)", "Andrea-Nichole Olivas (Rebel Soldier)", "Chris R. Notarile (Genesis)", "Dolores M. Lombardi (The President)", "Josh Rothman (Rebel Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "***Minor Spoilers***\r\nDISCLAIMER: I am not affiliated with this film in any way. I am a fan!\r\n\r\nA scientist is hired by the government to create android fighting machines to combat rebel forces. When the android is to be destroyed, it goes on a killing spree.\r\n\r\nYears later, the android project is again attempted by the same scientist who creates the android in the image of his dead wife. The rebels capture the android and reprogram it to think for itself and to have feelings.\r\n\r\nThis is one of Chris R. Notarile's best films.\r\nThe cinematography, editing, effects and locations are so thought out and the storyline, while not unique, is a cohesive, different take on a familiar theme. All of this done on a very small $17,000 budget.\r\n\r\nAs for the acting, Notarile has managed to assemble the best of his troop of actors and they really deliver. Samantha Talbott plays LIA both in life and as an android flawlessly. Kasey Williams, Hector De La Rosa and Dana Jesberger shine in their roles as the leaders of the rebels, while Rick Zahn and Mark Hawk make their characters appropriately unlikeable. But it's Roberto Lombardi, as Dr. Peter Hess, who carries this film. He alternates between a mad scientist with a hatred for the rebels and a tortured man who mourns LIA. The scene where she dies is one of the best and Lombardi's emotional performance sets the stage for what comes next.\r\n\r\nDon't believe the trolls, haters and self appointed expert cinephiles.\r\nSee movies and make up your own mind.\r\n\r\n1) Other than there being androids in this film, it is nothing like The Terminator.\r\n\r\n2) There are no fake reviews. Mine and the other positive reviews are from fans. The other reviewer published his review.\r\n\r\n3) Anyone who thinks their opinion should be regaled as fact has a serious ego problem.\r\n\r\nYou'll notice the bad reviews never give any specific examples. They just use their review as an excuse to insult people. How disrespectful and juvenile."}], "recommandations_id": [30236, 220720, 150889, 128917]}