{"tmdb_id": 28261, "title": "Les mains d'Orlac", "original_title": "Mad Love", "slug_title": "les-mains-d-orlac", "date": "1935-07-12", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Gogol est fou d\u2019admiration pour l\u2019actrice Yvonne Orlac, qu\u2019il vient voir chaque soir sur sc\u00e8ne, au th\u00e9\u00e2tre. Celle-ci, mari\u00e9e au grand pianiste Stephen Orlac, repousse ses avances. Une nuit, le train de Stephen d\u00e9raille. Le pianiste doit \u00eatre amput\u00e9 des deux mains. Yvonne d\u00e9cide d\u2019appeler le docteur Gogol pour r\u00e9aliser l\u2019impossible : lui seul peut sauver les mains de son mari. Devant l\u2019impossibilit\u00e9 de la chose, Gogol va alors amputer les deux mains de Stephen pour les remplacer par celles d\u2019un grand criminel venant d\u2019\u00eatre ex\u00e9cut\u00e9. L\u2019op\u00e9ration est un succ\u00e8s, mais le jeune couple ignore tout des proc\u00e9d\u00e9s utilis\u00e9s par le m\u00e9decin. Les mois s\u2019\u00e9coulent, Gogol est de plus en plus attir\u00e9 par Yvonne, dont il poss\u00e8de une reproduction en cire dans son appartement, tandis que les mains de Stephen commencent \u00e0 agir curieusement, comme guid\u00e9es par l\u2019instinct de meurtre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2etCAb2hcWwn4LsBnJb2ZpqDpRL.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Lorre (Doctor Gogol)", "Frances Drake (Yvonne Orlac)", "Colin Clive (Stephen Orlac)", "Ted Healy (Reagan the American Reporter)", "Sara Haden (Yvonne's Maid Marie)", "Edward Brophy (Rollo the Knife Thrower)", "Henry Kolker (Prefect Rosset)", "Keye Luke (Gogol's Assistant Dr. Wong)", "May Beatty (Gogol's Housekeeper Fran\u00e7oise)", "Billy Gilbert (Autograph Seeker on Train (uncredited))", "Clarence Wilson (Piano Creditor (uncredited))", "Agostino Borgato (Stage Doorman (uncredited))", "Nell Craig (Suzanne a Nurse)", "Ian Wolfe (Stephen's Stepfather Henry Orlac)", "Cora Sue Collins (Crippled Child)", "Sarah Padden (Mother of Crippled Child)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Chilling.  \r\n\r\nBrilliant surgeon Dr. Gogol is infatuated with Horror Theatre star Yvonne Orlac. After meeting her in person and realising that she only has eyes for her husband, the renowned pianist Stephen Orlac, he buys a life size mannequin of her and dreams of doing what Pygmalion did with Galatea. When Stephen is involved in an horrific train crash and has both his hands crushed beyond healing, Yvonne pleads with Gogol to help save his well being, he does, by amputating the crushed hands and grafting on the hands of a recently executed murderer, a murderer whose speciality was knives!\r\n\r\nMad Love is one of those amazingly old classics that is a hybrid of genre staples. At times it's surrealist and at others it's operating via a Grand Guginol pulse, whilst knowingly it laces the story with an uneasy comedic bent. Boasting camera work from Gregg Toland and Chester Lyons and directed by the impressive Karl Freund, this adaptation of Maurice Renard's novel is a chillingly memorable piece of work. Working off a plot that sees the bad Doctor driven by lustations rather than out and out insanity, Freund revels in slowly winding the coil until the spring that is Peter Lorre (Gogol) explodes (implodes), cloaking various scenes in telling shadows that themselves become integral to the plot. Peter Lorre is of course in his element, demented yet sympathetic, it's real hard to take your eyes away from his magnetic weirdness. Colin Clive as Stephen Orlac also puts in a performance of note, all twitchy nervousness and believable emotional torment, whilst Frances Drake more than adequately brings vulnerability to the centrifugal importance of Yvonne's emotional turmoil.\r\n\r\nWeird and gorgeous, and incredibly well written, Mad Love holds up very well today as a horror/romance film of vast influential worth. So see it in the dark and marvel at its various moments of cinematic excellence. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24106, 27970, 24111, 20945], "youtube_key": "clCROz5ZcQc"}