{"tmdb_id": 282670, "title": "Paranormal Captivity", "original_title": "Paranormal Captivity", "slug_title": "paranormal-captivity", "date": "2012-09-30", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "After the death of her husband, a penniless woman moves into the home of her Uncle. Strange things begin to occur. Is the house haunted or is it something more?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/59wyQb831s5QWhXX5M9twtzRFGe.jpg", "actors": ["Caitlyn Fletcher (Sarah Kimmick)", "Roberto Lombardi (Thomas Callan)", "Edward X. Young (Funeral Director)", "Jerry Ross (William Manning)", "Suzi Lorraine (Samantha Raymond)", "Linnea Sage (Kelly Davis)", "Jason Vail (Gary)", "Christina Sampson (Amanda)", "Michelle Valines (Detective Robinson)", "Gregory R. Campbell (Detective Jackson)", "Frank Fata (Bobby Kimmick)", "Samuel L.M. Cole (Uncle Steven)", "Vanessa Romanelli (Amy Morelli)", "Pamela Sutch (Mattie)", "Kerri Taylor (Funeral Director's Girl)", "Gracie De La Rosa (Child Ghost)", "Dolores M. Lombardi (Receptionist)", "DiJone'e Mobley (Nurse)", "Audra Sodl-Crossley (Audra)", "Dino Cantelmi (Grieving Father)", "Kelly Lee Drust (Grieving Mother)", "Christine Danzo-Matthews (Chrissie)", "Christine Shirley (EMT)", "Martino Poli (Joe)", "Amber Anderson (Amber)", "David M. Sitbon (Kyle)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "***Minor Spoilers***\r\n\r\nWOW!! Paranormal Captivity tells the story of Sarah. She loses her husband, her home and most of her money. That forces her to move in with her creepy old Uncle. A psychotic debt collector is after her and she's being stalked. Is it by ghosts or a crazy funeral director?\r\n\r\nThere are three story lines in Paranormal Captivity that are all related to the unfortunate Sarah (Caitlyn Fletcher). Sarah and Thomas the debt collector (Roberto Lombardi), Sarah and the funeral director (Edward X. Young) and Sarah and the ghosts/Uncle Steven (Samuel L.M. Cole).\r\n\r\nThe three stories seem unrelated, but intersect at the end of the film where there is a big plot twist and reveal! It's all very well thought out and leads the viewer in one direction only to take a left turn at the end! Great stuff!\r\n\r\nOther notable performances are Jason Vail as Gary, Suzi Lorraine as Samantha, Linnea Sage as Kelly and Jerry Ross as William. Each of these supporting characters drive the story along and add to the lead characters.\r\n\r\nThe ghost effects are done really well and the makeup and blood effects are all practical. No CGI! \r\n\r\nHighly recommended!"}], "recommandations_id": [279504, 175944, 282736, 283530], "youtube_key": "61s0KL0Wjco"}