{"tmdb_id": 282675, "title": "American Lawless", "original_title": "American Lawless", "slug_title": "american-lawless", "date": "2012-01-01", "genre": "Drame / Western / Crime", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qk01G7l36HR5k1F23DEEzqgKzXu.jpg", "actors": ["Shawn Parr (Luke)", "Roberto Lombardi (Quinn)", "Kasey Williams (Rose)", "Hector De La Rosa (Marko)", "Nick Grock (Vince)", "Mike Fass (Han)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "***Minor Spoilers*** \r\n\r\nLeave it to Chris R. Notarile to take the western genre and give it a twist! It's no secret that I am a huge Blinky fan, but recently Chris' films have become more than just action or horror. They have become stories with a moral or a message along with his trademark heroes and anti heroes.\r\n\r\n\"American Lawless\" is the story of Luke (Shawn Parr), the former leader of a band of freedom fighting bank robbers, who leaves his outlaw life behind when he meets Rose (Kasey Williams) and sends his former cohorts to jail.\r\n\r\nAfter getting out of prison, new leader Quinn (Roberto Lombardi), Marko (Hector De La Rosa) and Vince (Nick Grock) exact revenge and abduct Rose leaving Luke beaten and bloody.\r\n\r\nWithout giving too much away, the first half of the film concentrates on establishing Luke and Quinn's reasons for turning on each other. Things really get interesting when Luke arrives at the gangs hideout.\r\n\r\nThere is a fantastic fight scene between Parr and De La Rosa and an effective gun fight between Parr and Grock that will make any Blinky fan happy! But the real surprises are in the confrontation between Lombardi and Parr. The scene is emotional and sad with a great twist at the end.\r\n\r\nKudos to the cast... Parr for playing Luke with not just bravado, but sensitivity toward his former friends. Lombardi plays Quinn as ruthless, but also as deeply hurt by the betrayal. De La Rosa plays Marko as the ultimate outlaw. Grock plays Vince as the \"in over his head\" flunkee and Williams plays Rose as anything but a damsel in distress. Rounding out the cast is Mike Fass who plays Han as a hapless victim of circumstance.\r\n\r\nNotarile's cinematography is grade A here with beautifully shot night scenes, interesting interiors, perfect camera angles and special effects that enhance without overshadowing.\r\n\r\nOne of the best Blinky Productions films ever!"}], "recommandations_id": [298394, 282745, 282724, 282616]}