{"tmdb_id": 282736, "title": "Just Like Me", "original_title": "Just Like Me", "slug_title": "just-like-me", "date": "2009-06-30", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gcEi88AXzHhzbQqgpLKGoKcgw4S.jpg", "actors": ["Roberto Lombardi (Bobby Green)", "John Chisholm (Dr. Marvin Holtz)", "Christina Sampson (Barbara Sue Kelly)", "Art Lyle (Buddy Sheinbaum)", "Daphne Scully (Dr. Morgan)", "Nicole Paiva (Michelle McWilliams)", "Dolores M. Lombardi (Mrs. Nuesbaum)", "Jennifer Boyer (Marla)", "Jes\u00fas M. Villanueva (Comedy Club Patron)", "Jennifer Butler (Sheila)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "*SPOILERS* \r\n\r\nThe film is about a half hour long and is the story of Bobby Greene (Lombardi) a comedian who thinks he needs to be more serious to find love and Marv Holtz (John Chisholm) a psychologist who wants to be funnier for the same reason. Barabara Kelly (Christina Sampson) places 2 ads in a singles paper because she doesn't know what she wants.\r\n\r\nBoth Bobby & Marv wind up dating Barbara but none of them realize it! As for the story, it's a familiar love triangle theme that is an interesting story with a surprise twist at the end. The 3 lead roles are acted very well, as well as the supporting roles of Buddy (Art Lyle) & Sheila (Jennifer Wiener). Dolores Lombardi is also very funny as Mrs. Nuesbaum, a patient of Marv's that has a fish phobia! Lombardi's comedy club routines are also very funny! I took a point away for production value. While the visuals are fine, the audio track is a little hard to hear in a couple of places. The music in the film is perfect & fits the film well.\r\n\r\nNot 100% perfect, but I'd still recommend this pretty highly!"}], "recommandations_id": [298394, 282745, 282724, 282675]}