{"tmdb_id": 282813, "title": "Pyramide", "original_title": "The Pyramid", "slug_title": "pyramide", "date": "2014-12-04", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "En \u00c9gypte, en plein d\u00e9sert, des arch\u00e9ologues d\u00e9couvrent une pyramide unique en son genre. En y p\u00e9n\u00e9trant, ils vont affronter bien plus qu\u2019une mal\u00e9diction. Ils sont pi\u00e9g\u00e9s au c\u0153ur d\u2019un labyrinthe, et quelque chose les traque\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bOnCctgYCmidGXnDqutK5JKsBqN.jpg", "actors": ["Ashley Grace (Nora)", "Denis O'Hare (Holden)", "James Buckley (Fitzie)", "Christa Nicola (Sunni)", "Amir K (Michael Zahir)", "Faycal Attougui (Corporal Shadid)", "Philip Shelley (Provost)", "Ait Hamou Amine (8 Year Old Boy)", "Omar Benbrahim (Chubby Intern)", "Joseph Beddelem (Taxi driver)", "Chakir El Faaiz (Skinny Digger)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The only thing worse than Found Footage Horror, is lazy Found Footage Horror. You know? The kind where the camera is inexplicably in a room the crew have never been in before filming every single character while non-diegetic music plays and awful, awful CGI scarpers by? Yeah, that kind.\r\n\r\nI didn't just think that _The Pyramid_ wasn't a good movie, it honestly made me genuinely mad.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u00bd - So bad it\u2019s offensive."}, {"pseudo": "cloister56", "content": "The Pyramid is a found footage movie but part of a new wave along with As Above so Below released the same year.  \r\nI don't have a problem with the format, it allows the telling of a story from a different perspective to a regular film and if done right gets you closer to the event.  \r\nThe story is a classic horror setup, the finding of a hitherto unknown pyramid and the evil that waits within.  \r\nThe claustrophobic corridors and crawl spaces really work with the close camera work to ramp up the tension.  \r\nHorror often relies on protagonists making stupid decision, which is often infuriating.  \r\nMostly the team were just overconfident, the events are beyond anything they could prepare for so I feel this film avoids that annoyance.\r\nThere are some really haunting images and some impressive deaths given what would be a limited budget.  \r\nOverall this was a very enjoyable horror movie."}], "recommandations_id": [256274, 124470, 299245, 203834]}