{"tmdb_id": 28295, "title": "Tuer n'est pas jouer", "original_title": "I Saw What You Did", "slug_title": "tuer-n-est-pas-jouer", "date": "1965-07-21", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un enfant qui s'amuse \u00e0 faire des blagues au t\u00e9l\u00e9phone tombe par hasard sur un assassin...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/90uQa6L0E5IQT2WfDjdhI2tijGH.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Crawford (Amy Nelson)", "John Ireland (Steve Marak)", "Leif Erickson (Dave Mannering)", "Sara Lane (Kit Austin)", "Andi Garrett (Libby Mannering)", "Sharyl Locke (Tess Mannering)", "Patricia Breslin (Ellie Mannering)", "John Archer (John Austin)", "John Crawford (State Trooper)", "Joyce Meadows (Judith Marak)", "Tom Hatten (Gerald Nyes)", "Douglas Evans (Tom Ward)", "Barbara Wilkin (Mary Ward)", "Glen Vernon (John Adams)", "Sara Anderson (Jill Adams)", "Janet Hamill (Linda)", "John Crowther (Tommy Kane)", "Dee Carroll (Telephone Operator)", "Russ Bender (Police Sgt. Harris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Uxoricide!\r\n\r\nI Saw What You Did is directed by William Castle and written by William P. McGivern. It stars John Ireland, Joan Crawford, Leif Erickson, Andi Garrett, Sara Lane and Sharyl Locke. Music is by Van Alexander (Joseph Gershenson supervising) and cinematography by Joseph F. Biroc. \r\n\r\nWhen two teenagers on babysitting duties decide to have fun making prank phone calls, their evening turns sinister when they call up a man who has just murdered his wife\u2026 \r\n\r\nWilliam Castle was of course better known for his gimmicks than for his ability as a film maker, I Saw What You Did shows the best and worst of the great entertainer. Castle produces and directs this one so is accountable for getting the mix completely wrong. At times the picture is genuinely suspenseful, the premise at the core superb, but at others it feels like it wants to be a comedy, further compounded by Alexander\u2019s awful musical score. It\u2019s a score that belongs in something like Bewitched or The Munsters, and quite often takes you out of the thriller zone. \r\n\r\nCastle unsurprisingly borrows off of some films that influenced his career, but aided by McGivern\u2019s screenplay he manages to put some different spins on the twisty plot developments. It also helps having Biroc (The Killer that Stalked New York/Cry Danger/The Garment Jungle) on photography duty, he\u2019s able to make Castle\u2019s fog scenes appear icy cold, to blend the shadows into the story like foreboding prowlers. \r\n\r\nCast wise the elder cast members aren\u2019t stretching themselves here, with Crawford working for food and Ireland on auto-pilot, but the younger actors are great fun and really nail that naivety of youth thing to the max. All told it\u2019s a fun film, if not always for the right reasons. With some Castle invention (eyelet vision?!) and steals \u2013 and Biroc on form, there\u2019s more than enough here to compensate for the confusing mix of genres. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [194817, 93939, 49439, 88737]}