{"tmdb_id": 28307, "title": "Hammett", "original_title": "Hammett", "slug_title": "hammett", "date": "1982-09-17", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Crime"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Dashiell Hammett se sert de son exp\u00e9rience d'ancien d\u00e9tective dans ses romans. Jimmy Ryan, un ex-coll\u00e8gue, lui reprochant de l'utiliser comme mod\u00e8le dans ses ouvrages, le lance a la recherche d'une jeune Asiatique, myst\u00e9rieusement disparue dans le quartier chinois de San Francisco.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zPD3rnM2bCJ4B705BN8X2tRcxPe.jpg", "actors": ["Frederic Forrest (Hammett)", "Peter Boyle (Jimmy Ryan)", "Marilu Henner (Kit Conger / Sue Alabama)", "Roy Kinnear (English Eddie Hagedorn)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (Eli the Taxi Driver)", "Lydia Lei (Crystal Ling)", "Richard Bradford (Detective Bradford)", "Michael Chow (Fong Wei Tau)", "David Patrick Kelly (The Punk)", "Sylvia Sidney (Donaldina Cameron)", "Jack Nance (Gary Salt)", "Elmer Kline (Doc Fallon)", "Royal Dano (Pops)", "Samuel Fuller (Old Man in Pool Hall)", "Fox Harris (Frank the News Vendor)", "R.G. Armstrong (Lt. O'Mara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "She's a disaster. \r\n\r\nHammett is a fictional story about the great writer Dashiell Hammett (played by Frederic Forrest). The story finds the writer retired from the Pinkerton Detectice Agency and nursing bad lungs and a taste for the liquor. When old colleague Jimmy Ryan (Peter Boyle) comes a calling, Hammett finds himself down in Frisco's Chinatown district in it up to his neck in muck and grime. \r\n\r\nThe back story to the production of Hammett is long and disappointing, all of which makes for fascinating reading and available at the click of a mouse. The film we have to view now may not be the one originally envisaged by director Wim Wenders, but on repeat viewings it shows itself to be a very loving homage to the halcyon days of film noir, a film of great technical craft and guile. Though not without issues either... \r\n\r\nProduction value is high, the set design that brings late 1920s Frisco to life is a joy, as is Joseph Biroc's luscious colour photography. John Barry provides a musical score that smoothly floats around the Gin Joints and Alleyways, while costuming is on the money. Cast are led superbly by the under valued Forrest, with Marilu Henner (Biroc lights her so well), Boyle and Lydia Lei striking the requisite film noir chords, while a host of cameos and short order roles will have the keen of eye putting names to the faces from similar films of yesteryear. \r\n\r\nThe story is complex, which is purposely complimented by narration, canted angles, slatted shadows, billowing smoke, and of course a number of venues that all anti-heroic detectives must traverse to unravel the mystery bubbling away under the seamy surface. The problems are evident of course, it's a very uneven picture, the re-writes etc leaving a disappointing mark. It's also like watching a performance at the theatre, akin to watching a play, the predominantly stage bound shoot - and the almost forced delivery of lines - makes it synthetic. \r\n\r\nBut ultimately there's a lot of noir love here, enough to ensure that repeat viewings for those of that persuasion should find themselves rewarded for their time. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35023, 61095, 23189, 38751], "youtube_key": "notfound"}