{"tmdb_id": 283227, "title": "Les Jardins du roi", "original_title": "A Little Chaos", "slug_title": "les-jardins-du-roi", "date": "2015-03-26", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Sous le r\u00e8gne de Louis XIV, Sabine de Barra, une femme paysagiste se voit assigner par Andr\u00e9 Le N\u00f4tre l'honneur de superviser la cr\u00e9ation de la salle de bal ext\u00e9rieure - le bosquet des Rocailles - pour les somptueuses festivit\u00e9s voulues par le roi dans les jardins du ch\u00e2teau de Versailles, une t\u00e2che qui la met au centre des intrigues de la Cour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Q8q0oBI99tfw3x5ozoKEtHKvO0.jpg", "actors": ["Kate Winslet (Sabine De Barra)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Andre Le Notre)", "Alan Rickman (Le Roi Louis XIV)", "Stanley Tucci (Duke Philippe d'Orleans)", "Jennifer Ehle (Madame De Montespan)", "Helen McCrory (Madame Le Notre)", "Steven Waddington (Duras)", "Adrian Schiller (Jean Risse)", "Danny Webb (Moulin)", "Phyllida Law (Suzanne)", "Guy Potter (Court Page)", "Pauline Moran (Ariane)", "Morgan Watkins (Luc)", "Henry Garrett (Vincent)", "Adrian Scarborough (Daniel Le Vielle)", "Cathy Belton (Louise)", "Adam James (Monsieur De Barra)", "Rupert Penry-Jones (Antoine Lauzun)", "Andrew Crayford (General Courtsman / Marketworkerworker)", "Paulina Boneva (Market)", "Barrie Martin (Kings dresser)", "Angus Wright (Sualem)", "Lizzie Davies (Court Dancer)", "Kriss Dillon (Louis XIV Close Retinue #5)", "Danny Wilsher (Le Notre's Servant)", "Ben Probert (Workman)", "Jamie Bradley (Du Vasse)", "Mia Threapleton (Helene)", "Christian Wolf-La'Moy  (Plasterer)", "Rita McDonald Damper (Lady in Blue)", "John Wark (Second Musician)", "Kirsty Oswald (Francoise)", "Michelle Newell (Christine)", "Alistair Petrie (De Ville)", "Robin Hooper (Second Musician)", "Alexander Bracq (Apprentice (uncredited))", "Paula Paul (Madame Princess Palatine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A guide to the 17th century royal gardening!**\r\n\r\nI am little surprised with the film, because I was not expecting this storyline. I mean a good one. You know usually periodic film means there's always romance or war, but this one proved there are more topics to revolve and to reveal to the viewers. Yes, this one mainly talks about the engineering, especially gardening. Of course, romance was a part of it, but I loved the blend between these two subjects. One of the best periodic drama I've seen and all the stars were brilliant, particularly Kate Winslet was the best. Matthias Schoenaerts and Alan Rickman was not bad either.\r\n\r\nThe tale begins with a widowed woman preparing for an interview to get the newly proposed royal gardening project. After some obstacles she gets it, but while the work is in progress, she faces some ups and downs. Besides a feeling for her boss grows intensively and also after an unexpected encounter with a royal member, things around her begins to change. So the deadline is nearing, but lots of work to complete, how she manages all the issues, including deciding about her new romance is what the rest of the narration reveals.\r\n\r\nThis is not those colourful costumed female oriented films. This is about the profession at the top and the married life issues on a small scale. My first appreciation goes to the writers and then the director. But the actors did their part as I mentioned earlier to make it happen. I would have said it is a fine family film, but the film had matured contents, so it is a fine film for the grown-ups. I definitely recommend it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [250734, 271674, 12783, 38684], "youtube_key": "6ihzIGDITqE"}