{"tmdb_id": 283591, "title": "Le Testament cach\u00e9", "original_title": "The Secret Scripture", "slug_title": "le-testament-cache", "date": "2016-11-04", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Un psychiatre s'int\u00e9resse au journal intime d'une patiente, Rosemary McNulty, accus\u00e9e d'avoir tu\u00e9 son enfant issu d'une relation ill\u00e9gitime avec un sympathisant anglais. Enferm\u00e9e dans un h\u00f4pital psychiatrique, sur le point d'\u00eatre d\u00e9moli, depuis une cinquantaine d'ann\u00e9es, elle est suivie psychologiquement par le psychiatre qui est engag\u00e9 pour r\u00e9\u00e9valuer son \u00e9tat. Il d\u00e9couvre son attachement pour la Bible et elle lui raconte tout ce qu'elle a v\u00e9cu et pourquoi elle a pass\u00e9 sa vie dans cet h\u00f4pital...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wOamIsiNSr6VWrPGD8z8mL7qrIn.jpg", "actors": ["Rooney Mara (Young Roseanne McNulty)", "Theo James (Father Gaunt)", "Vanessa Redgrave (Old Roseanne McNulty)", "Eric Bana (Dr. William Grene)", "Jack Reynor (Michael Eneas)", "Aidan Turner (Jack McNulty)", "Susan Lynch (Nurse)", "Tom Vaughan-Lawlor (McCabe)", "Charlie Kelly (Beau)", "Nika McGuigan (Chrissie)", "Antony Acheampong (G.I Grove)", "Omar Sharif Jr. (Daniel O'Brien)", "Pauline McLynn (Anne McCartney)", "Brian Fortune (Psychiatric Analyst)", "Elva Trill (Pregnant Woman)", "Laurence O'Fuarain (Detective)", "John Connors (Joe Brady)", "Lesa Thurman (Nurse O'Donnell)", "Enda Oates (Driver)", "Sheila Moylette (Angela)", "Shimmy Marcus (Doctor)", "Ian Meehan (Detective)", "Tony Doyle (Dessie)", "Ryan McAllister (Paddy)", "Geraldine McAlinden (Sister Mary)", "Michelle Ward (Pregnant Girl #4)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The never-ending struggle for women in the male dominated world!**\r\n\r\nThis is a surprise film. Almost my favourite. Because I don't know when the last time I wetted my eyes. I'm not ashamed to say that I love sentimental films. This was not like a thorough tearjerker, but it gets there at some point. It was like I have been waiting for such film a very long time, so that I ended up liking it more than I was anticipating.\r\n\r\nAn Irish-English language film with a wonderful cast. Because of those actors I have watched it, despite it was not promoted big like the Hollywood films. It's not in the mainstream films list. That's why not many people do not know about this film. Rooney Mara's one of the best performances. The remaining cast too had big roles, but was not powerful as hers.\r\n\r\nFilms has genres, books has genres, but not all of those works converted to each other form works out. This is such a rare genre where both formats triumphs. Watching this film is almost as experience of reading the book. You know those literatures explaining the events, character deeply, emotionally, that's quite matching in this film with beautiful locations and nice background score.\r\n\r\nThe suspense kept me expecting every moment of my watch. The end twist was not that difficult, but not all the viewers can predict it easily. It is a tale from the first half of the 20th century. But most of it was split into early and the later events. Overwhelmed by the flashback, the film reveals an old and a last woman in a mental asylum to evacuate the building to a new location. So those last moments of her stay in there, she explains why she's refusing to leave.\r\n\r\n> -xX] There's a sickness in people that stops them seeing the truth. [Xx-\r\n\r\nA doctor from another place is now reviewing her case, has to go through her story to understand the situation and act accordingly, that's accompanied by a nurse. So she reveals her secret romance when she was young, when the whole town turned against her. Particularly a young priest. How she had ended up in the mental hospital, and after 40 years, now denying to leave the building. The story ends emotionally.\r\n\r\nThe film was like the mix of 'The Little Prince' and 'Neverwas'. Because the reality and the other way around were nicely put together. Only it all were told from the grown up's perspective. They are showing something means does not you have to believe it. So it all comes to the final twist, how it ends by revealing what. No doubt if it resembles someone's real life, perhaps in the past, because in the earlier centuries, such fate, particularly for women is so common. That's where it's heart-wrenching.\r\n\r\nA perfect title for what it narrated. The older version of the lead role was too well performed. The romance part was short, but mystery extended till the final scene. Overall, the focus given to what to narrate and what not were nicely done. A very satisfying film, glad that I saw it.\r\n\r\nI don't know everybody would like it as much I did, but surely worth a try. Since the story was told from a woman's point of view about her struggle in the men dominated world, they might like it better than others. Because, as I know in the recent, the women's empowerment rising to equal men than never before. All I say is, just watch it!\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [337426, 266084, 291188, 470390]}