{"tmdb_id": 283589, "title": "Bang Bang!", "original_title": "\u092c\u0948\u0902\u0917 \u092c\u0948\u0902\u0917", "slug_title": "bang-bang", "date": "2014-10-02", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune r\u00e9ceptionniste dans une banque se retrouve impliqu\u00e9 dans une folle aventure avec Rajveer Nanda, un homme qui a un pass\u00e9 myst\u00e9rieux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e5qSzHPLEMFETrjTX0gyEACtFqA.jpg", "actors": ["Hrithik Roshan (Rajveer Nanda)", "Katrina Kaif (Harleen Sahni)", "Danny Denzongpa (Omar Zafar)", "Javed Jaffrey (Hamid Gul)", "Jimmy Sheirgill (Viren Nanda)", "Ron Smoorenburg (Henchman)", "Pavan Malhotra (Zorawar Kalwa)", "Vikram Gokhale (ISS Chief Narayanan)", "Kanwaljit Singh (Rajveer's Father)", "Deepti Naval (Rajveer's Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheSRKian", "content": "**Bang Bang: A Remake Of An Already Bashed Film**\r\n\r\nThose who didn't liked Knight & Day, this movie is not for them. Bang Bang serves nothing new, just scene by scene copy of K&D. The plus points, for which film did good business in both India & overseas is the action sequences! Bang Bang surpass K&D in terms of action sequences. It has some brilliant stunts & actions which is a reason of films decent success (decent because though film collected very well but the budget of the film was also very high, film was a success for producers but lost for the distributors unfortunately). Hrithik Roshan was brilliant! He had performed very well and did a on par job with Tom Cruise in the original version. Katrina Kaif looked beautiful and glamorous as always. Villain's Arshad Warsi & Dany Dengzongpa done good job! Especially Dany was too good as a villain but unfortunately his role was too short to make an impact. \r\n\r\nOverall if you watched K&D, just skip it else you are a huge action film fan. Or if you hadn't watched K&D and has nothing much to do, you can give it a try. My rating 2.5/5"}], "recommandations_id": [44977, 276935, 277432, 82698], "youtube_key": "LRARHtMzZQE"}