{"tmdb_id": 283995, "title": "Les Gardiens de la Galaxie Vol. 2", "original_title": "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2", "slug_title": "les-gardiens-de-la-galaxie-vol-2", "date": "2017-04-19", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Avec en toile de fond l\u2019Awesome Mixtape #2, Les Gardiens de la Galaxie Vol. 2 poursuit les aventures de l\u2019\u00e9quipe alors qu\u2019ils traversent les confins du cosmos. Les Gardiens doivent se battre pour que leur nouvelle famille reste ensemble tandis qu\u2019ils cherchent \u00e0 percer le myst\u00e8re de la v\u00e9ritable filiation de Star-Lord. De vieux ennemis deviennent de nouveaux alli\u00e9s et des personnages appr\u00e9ci\u00e9s des fans, issus des comics, viennent en aide \u00e0 nos h\u00e9ros alors que l\u2019Univers Cin\u00e9matographique Marvel continue de se d\u00e9velopper.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y4MBh0EjBlMuOzv9axM4qJlmhzz.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Pratt (Peter Quill / Star-Lord)", "Zoe Saldana (Gamora)", "Dave Bautista (Drax the Destroyer)", "Vin Diesel (Baby Groot (voice))", "Bradley Cooper (Rocket (voice))", "Michael Rooker (Yondu Udonta)", "Karen Gillan (Nebula)", "Pom Klementieff (Mantis)", "Sylvester Stallone (Stakar Ogord)", "Kurt Russell (Ego)", "Elizabeth Debicki (Ayesha)", "Chris Sullivan (Taserface)", "Sean Gunn (Kraglin / On-Set Rocket / On-Set Adolescent Groot)", "Tommy Flanagan (Tullk)", "Laura Haddock (Meredith Quill)", "Aaron Schwartz (Young Ego Facial Reference)", "Hannah Gottesman (Sovereign Chambermaid)", "Hilty Bowen (Sovereign Pilot)", "Ben Browder (Sovereign Admiral)", "Alexander Klein (Zylak (as Alex Klein))", "Luke Cook (Zylak's Frenemy)", "Evan Jones (Retch)", "Joe Fria (Oblo)", "Terence Rosemore (Narblik)", "Jimmy Urine (Half-Nut)", "Stephen Blackehart (Brahl)", "Steve Agee (Gef)", "Blondy Baruti (Huhtar)", "Richard Christy (\"Down There!\")", "Rob Zombie (Unseen Ravager)", "Sierra Love (Robot Courtesan)", "Kendra Carelli (Robot Courtesan (as Kendra Staub))", "Milynn Sarley (Robot Courtesan)", "Seth Green (Howard the Duck (voice))", "Molly C. Quinn (Howard's Date (as Molly Quinn))", "Michael Rosenbaum (Martinex)", "Rhoda Griffis (Sneeper Madame)", "Stan Lee (Watcher Informant)", "David Hasselhoff (The Form of David Hasselhoff)", "Mac Wells (Officer Fitzgibbon)", "Jim Gunn Sr. (Weird Old Man (as James Gunn, Sr.))", "Leota Gunn (Weird Old Man's Mistress)", "Elizabeth Ludlow (Easik Mother)", "Wyatt Oleff (Young Peter Quill)", "Gregg Henry (Grandpa Quill)", "Damita Jane Howard (Grandpa Quill's Friend)", "Ving Rhames (Charlie-27)", "Michelle Yeoh (Aleta Ogord)", "Fred (Cosmo the Space Dog (uncredited))", "Miley Cyrus (Mainframe (voice) (uncredited))", "Jeff Goldblum (Grandmaster (uncredited))", "Mike Escamilla (Scrote)", "Donny Carrington (Kree Monk (uncredited))", "Brian Clackley (Alien (uncredited))", "Nea Dune (Lovebot (uncredited))", "Fred Galle (Sovereign Leader (uncredited))", "Stephen Vining (Ravager #7 (uncredited))", "Tahseen Ghauri (Pedestrian Runner (uncredited))", "Alphonso A'Qen-Aten Jackson (Ravager (uncredited))", "Kelly Richardson (Daisy Kiu (uncredited))", "Guillermo Rodriguez (Cop #2 (uncredited))", "Josh Tipis (Humanoid Ravager (uncredited))", "Jason Williams (Huge Guard of the Sovereign Nation (uncredited))", "Cheyanna Lavon Zubas (Robot Courtesan (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steve Parker", "content": "I didn\u2019t enjoy this as much as the first one. Too long \u2014 could have been about 30 minutes shorter. I don\u2019t mind long movies, but they shouldn\u2019t feel long. There\u2019s some good humour throughout the movie and the characters are enjoyable, particularly Rocket who is my favourite! Story is pretty thin. Some good action sequences, of course. Overall, an average movie. Has lost some of the freshness of the original."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Logan_, 2017's first Marvel offering, was a movie I loved because of just how little it relied on its comic book origins, completely forgoing the superhero tropes and going in its own unique and totally enthralling direction.\r\n\r\n_Guardians 2_ however, is a movie I loved because of just how intensely it embraced its comic book origins. The Kirby-isms shine through brilliantly and every couple of minutes I found myself grinning like an idiot at some new reference or stylistic choice.\r\n\r\n_Logan_ might be the super hero movie for people who don't like super hero movies. _Guardians 2_ is the super hero movie for people who have steeped themselves deeply in the lore of super heroes. But I absolutely adore them both for the same reason: How they made me **feel**.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - An all round good movie with a little something extra._"}, {"pseudo": "DonnyPie", "content": "The David Hasselhoff of all reviews, obviously.\r\n\r\nDo you have any tape?\r\n\r\nGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, directed by James Gunn, is an action-packed Marvel comedy. The guardians unravel the mysteries of Star-lord aka Peter Quill's (Chris Pratt) broken history while avoiding constant danger. Oh. And did I mention the soundtrack? Muy bueno! 8)\r\n\r\nUnlike most sequels, Vol. 2 might actually be better than Vol. 1.\r\n\r\nThe entire cast is more likable than the first film. Drax the Destroyer (Dave Bautista) has more comedic lines like, \"When you're ugly and someone loves you, it means they love you for who you are.\"\r\n\r\nRocket Racoon (Bradley Cooper) still maintains a sentimental but adorably tough persona. And Baby Groot is cute as ever whenever he says,\"I am groot.\" In his baby-voice.\r\n\r\nOne of the more noticeable differences is the relationship between Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and Star-lord. It's not as intimate. We were all hoping for a sci-fi sex scene. We don't get it!\r\n\r\nThe fight scenes are nothing less than spectacular. There's a scene with Yondu (Michael Rooker) where he's using a whistle-controlled weapon to kill an entire space crew of villains ALL IN SLOW-MOTION!\r\n\r\nJust go watch the film. It's worth it for the cgi-artwork alone."}, {"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cGuardian\u2019s are back to save the galaxy once again\u201d\r\n\r\nI felt in this movie the true star was baby Groot the part that how he understands and gives out his understandings in his own style which makes us laugh out loud. Got to see a funny side in Drax the before edition he was always angry this one he always laughs I like the part he keeps saying positive things and suddenly ends it with a negative touch. Now to talk about gamora and quill love is in the air but she keeps denying it. Quills line \u201cWe keep searching for something our whole life and we never realize that it has been with us the whole time\u201d. Always hated yondu but this movie made me change. Did not get to see Thanos, I know he is been kept for the big picture. Rockets awesome one liners especially TASERFACE made me burst out with laughter. An awesome family entertainer with action comedy and adventure. And not to forget mantis she was so freaking innocent. Waiting patiently for the next part in this series loved this one. would recommend this movie for everyone. \r\nNotable Acting\r\nChris Pratt (Peter Quill/Star-Lord) famous for his acting in Jurassic World\r\nZoe Saldana (Gamora) famous for her acting in Avatar and Star Trek into darkness\r\nDave Bautista (Drax) he is a famous WWE wrestler and also acted in movies like 007 spectre\r\nVin Diesel (Baby Groot) famous for his movie series fast and furious\r\nBradley Cooper (Rocket) famous for his movies like silver linings playbook and the hangover\r\nMichael Rooker (Yondu) \r\nKaren Gillan (Nebula) famous for the movie Oculus and the tv series Doctor Who\r\nPom Klementieff (Mantis) \r\nKurt Russell (Ego) famous for his movies the hateful eight, the thing and death proof\r\n\r\nMy Rating 10/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Guardians' date with the creator.**\r\n\r\nThe first film was the most unexpected. That was one of the most colourfull space films I have ever seen. Youthful, energetic, fantastic visuals and so the same followed in this sequel as well. Not the same good, but stood to the expectation of the first film's success. This story does not have a great adventure in the galaxy. A simple quest, but a thrilling action-adventure. Now this accidental space gang is set to meet the creator.\r\n\r\nIt's time for Peter to meet his father, Ego. As he still upset with his mother's death, his encounter with his father was not as expectedly smooth. On the other side of the story, Rocket, Yandu, Baby Groot make their escape from the captivity. They all end up on the Ego's planet where the rest of the film going to take place. Being the guardians of the galaxy, their fight against the whoever threaten the safety of the universe once again tested with their strength as a team.\r\n\r\nJames Gunn did it again. And I'm confident that he's going to do the same for next as well. All the actors were fantastic like the previous film. This time, little fun with little Groot. Anybody who loved the first would love it too. Being a franchise from Marvel universe, it is yet to join the 'Avengers'. So far so good. I'm now expecting one of the best of best trilogies. Bring it on the volume 3.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "I hate this movie. I'm fine and quite proud to be in the minority with this one. I can't stand how Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 thinks family dynamic is just two people bickering about how much daddy didn't love them as kids. It makes no sense to me why James Gunn or Marvel think that every scene needs to have multiple jokes thrown in no matter what the tone of the scene is supposed to be. Drax's overused laugh was annoying. Yes, I get it, Baby Groot is dumb. Hahaha.... Oh, now you're ugly shaming a character and playing it for jokes?\r\n\r\nOne note characters, a stupid plot of nothing interesting happening, and of course Starlord's father, a celestial, is nothing more than an evil being setting out to destroy the universe. Does Marvel not realize that villains can have other kinds of motivation?\r\n\r\nThe only two good things about this movie are the soundtrack and the fact that the events have no effect on the overarching MCU plot. So next time I do a Marvel marathon, I can skip over this trash."}], "recommandations_id": [315635, 284052, 118340, 284053], "youtube_key": "dW1BIid8Osg"}