{"tmdb_id": 284053, "title": "Thor : Ragnarok", "original_title": "Thor: Ragnarok", "slug_title": "thor-ragnarok", "date": "2017-10-25", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Thor est emprisonn\u00e9 de l\u2019autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 de l\u2019univers sans son puissant marteau et se retrouve engag\u00e9 dans une course contre le temps pour rejoindre Asgard et arr\u00eater Ragnarok \u2013 la destruction de son monde natal et la fin de la civilisation Asgardienne \u2013 des mains d\u2019une toute nouvelle menace, l\u2019impitoyable Hela. Mais d\u2019abord, il doit survivre \u00e0 une comp\u00e9tition meurtri\u00e8re de gladiateurs qui l\u2019oppose \u00e0 son ancien alli\u00e9 et compagnon Avenger \u2013 l\u2019Incroyable Hulk !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pNLGDvsJyTRdjVUJdc4iy6BQYK5.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hemsworth (Thor Odinson)", "Tom Hiddleston (Loki)", "Cate Blanchett (Hela)", "Idris Elba (Heimdall)", "Jeff Goldblum (En Dwi Gast / Grandmaster)", "Tessa Thompson (Scrapper 142 / Valkyrie)", "Karl Urban (Skurge / Executioner)", "Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner / The Hulk)", "Anthony Hopkins (Odin)", "Benedict Cumberbatch (Stephen Strange / Doctor Strange)", "Taika Waititi (Korg / Surtur / Hulk (mo-cap))", "Rachel House (Topaz)", "Clancy Brown (Surtur (voice))", "Tadanobu Asano (Hogun)", "Ray Stevenson (Volstagg)", "Zachary Levi (Fandral)", "Stan Lee (Barber)", "Georgia Blizzard (Asgardian Date #1)", "Amali Golden (Asgardian Date #2)", "Luke Hemsworth (Actor Thor)", "Sam Neill (Actor Odin)", "Matt Damon (Actor Loki (uncredited))", "Charlotte Nicdao (Actor Sif)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow (archival footage))", "Ashley Ricardo (Odin's Assistant)", "Shalom Brune-Franklin (College Girl #1)", "Taylor Hemsworth (College Girl #2)", "Cohen Holloway (Lead Scrapper)", "Alia Seror-O'Neill (Golden Lady #1)", "Sophia Laryea (Golden Lady #2)", "Steven Oliver (Cousin Carlo)", "Hamish Parkinson (Beerbot 5000)", "Jasper Bagg (Warden)", "Sky Castanho (Asgardian Daughter)", "Shari Sebbens (Asgardian Mother)", "Richard Green (Asgardian Uncle)", "Sol Castanho (Asgardian Son)", "Jet Tranter (Valkyrie Sister #1)", "Samantha Hopper (Valkyrie Sister #2)", "Eloise Winestock (Asgardian Woman)", "Rob Mayes (Asgardian Man)", "Tahlia Jade (Asgardian)", "Winnie Mzembe (Asgardian)", "Sean Edward Frazer (Asgardian)", "Connor Zegenhagen (Asgardian)", "Tracie Filmer (Asgardian)", "Tracey Lee Maxwell (Asgardian Servant)", "Beatrice Ward (Asgardian Citizen (uncredited))", "Donnie Baxter (GM Pilot)", "Greta Carew-Johns (Grandmaster VIP)", "Adam Green (New York businessman)", "Mollie McGregor (Twin Sakaaran citizen)", "Sophia McGregor (Twin Sakaaran citizen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Ragnarok_ is a tough one to review completely without spoiler, so I'll keep this brief:\r\n\r\n* I was bothered by a small number of things that happened in this movie.\r\n* I was in love with a large number of things that happened in this movie.\r\n* _Thor: Ragnarok_ is not the MCU's best movie.\r\n* _Thor: Ragnarok_ is the MCU's most fun movie.\r\n* Can we **please** have a worldwide ban on putting anything that happens in the third act of your movie, in said movie's trailers?\r\nThank you for your time. 4 stars.\r\n\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "Movie Queen41", "content": "The Best CBM movie of 2017\r\n\r\nThe film is one of the most entertaining of the MCU films so far and a HUGE improvement over Thor: The Dark World. Cate Blanchett as the villainess Hela, the Goddess of Death, is a far better villain that TDW's lame Malekith. Kat Dennings' annoying Darcy and Natalie Portman's bland Jane are not missed at all. Instead, we get Tessa Thompson's badass Valkyrie, who can hold her own in a fight and isn't just there just as a love interest for Thor (Chris Hemsworth). Jeff Goldblum is hilarious as Grandmaster, who runs the gladiator fights on the planet Sakaar. But the real pleasure of the movie is watching the love-hate brother relationship between Thor and his adoptive brother, Loki (Tom Hiddleston). The relationship between the two men was the only redeeming feature of TDW, and it's great to see it expanded in this movie. Also great is seeing Thor buddy up with Bruce Banner/ Hulk (Mark Ruffalo). The only thing I didn't like about the movie was the fate of The Warriors Three. They deserved better than that. But otherwise, it's a great comic book movie."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "From minute one, Thor Ragnarok bursts onto the screen with a new found energy, style, Jeff Goldblum, beautiful use of colours and shot compositions, an amazing 80s inspired music score, and comedy that's actually funny. Somehow, Thor Ragnarok is both the darkest film in the entire MCU given that it deals with the destruction of an entire world, and the most lighthearted.\r\n\r\nThor Ragnarok is very much a Taika Waititi film that uses Marvel lore and characters. It has many shocking twists, turns, witty comedy, and pleasant re-introductions (and introductions) to some of the MCU's best characters that I can't wait to see more of. Oh, and did I mention this movie has Jeff Goldblum?!"}, {"pseudo": "Myles", "content": "This movie sets a new bar for the MCU. It's funny, entertaining and VERY fun. It takes a completely different yet good turn from the past 2 movies and is a colourful blast."}], "recommandations_id": [315635, 283995, 141052, 284054]}