{"tmdb_id": 284133, "title": "Irukku Aana Illai", "original_title": "\u0b87\u0bb0\u0bc1\u0b95\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bc1 \u0b86\u0ba9\u0bbe \u0b87\u0bb2\u0bcd\u0bb2\u0bc8", "slug_title": "irukku-aana-illai", "date": "2014-07-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Venkat meets with an accident in which Divya loses her life. However, she starts to haunt him as a ghost. What does she want?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1SEA93VxgfFytGnYlFOkQIMKZjw.jpg", "actors": ["Vivanth (Venkat)", "Eden Kuriakose (Divya)", "Manisha Shree (Madhu)", "Aadhavan (Meenakshi Sundaram)", "Y. G. Mahendran (Dr. Mathruboodham)", "Raviraj (Dr. Rangarajan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Venkat is a loser who meets with an accident. An unknown young woman dies because of that and her ghost begins to haunt him. She is visible only to him and wants him to find out who she is as she doesn't remember a thing about herself. Venkat is initially scared, then irritated and finally moved by her plight and decides to help her. With the help of his friend and colleague Meenakshisundaram, he manages to track the ghost's family and stumbles upon a sinister plot by a doctor against the ghost's look-alike twin sister. Can they save her? \r\n\r\nThe first half of the film Irukku Aana Illai is moderately amusing, especially because of the comedy that arises after Venkat realizes that he has a ghost in his house. Aadhavan, as the friend, raises a few laughs with his comments. But the film succumbs to the second half syndrome and becomes an exasperating melodrama that is overlong (there is even a needless second heroine) and TV serial-like, despite the thriller elements in the plot. A film with a ghost, a sinister doctor and a loser hero should have been a lot more exciting than this."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "jFr_luAQezA"}