{"tmdb_id": 284289, "title": "Hors de port\u00e9e", "original_title": "Beyond the Reach", "slug_title": "hors-de-portee", "date": "2014-09-06", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Pour ajouter un troph\u00e9e de plus \u00e0 sa collection, Madec, un richissime homme d\u2019affaires, engage Ben, un jeune guide de chasse. Ensemble, ils partent au c\u0153ur du d\u00e9sert de Mojave, une terre aussi immense qu\u2019hostile. Les choses tournent mal lorsque Madec appuie trop vite sur la d\u00e9tente et tue accidentellement un vieil homme. D\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 cacher son crime, il propose beaucoup d\u2019argent \u00e0 Ben pour se d\u00e9barrasser du corps et se taire. Mais le jeune homme refuse. Madec d\u00e9cide alors de faire dispara\u00eetre l\u2019unique t\u00e9moin de sa faute, et c\u2019est un autre genre de chasse qui commence\u2026 Entre les deux hommes se joue une partie dont l\u2019issue sera forc\u00e9ment fatale. Face \u00e0 la puissance et \u00e0 la d\u00e9termination de Madec, Ben ne peut compter que sur ses connaissances des techniques de survie et son exp\u00e9rience du d\u00e9sert..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ojpYuXcGVfQt0v85TWGP2tl1UeZ.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Douglas (Madec)", "Jeremy Irvine (Ben)", "Hanna Mangan Lawrence (Laina)", "Ronny Cox (Sheriff Robb)", "Martin Palmer (Charlie (uncredited))", "Patricia Bethune (Secretary)", "David Garver (Ben's Father (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When logic and prediction isn't an issue, you'll get a decent thriller.\r\n\r\nWhen the big production houses along with the great filmmakers and young stars turning towards the comic books and dystopian themes, what do you think the yesteryear legends are doing.\r\n\r\nIt is very sad to see the 70s, 80s and the 90s icons are discarded like a trash, but they're trying their best to keep the star status by doing small scale films from the lower rated and debuting filmmakers. That's the best shot they've got which obviously won't do well at the big screens. So that's where this film too comes in.\r\n\r\nAs usual Michael Douglas was good, but the story had many possible ways to travel and that's where the viewers raise their voice by saying it should have been like this, like that or why would he do that.\r\n\r\nOverall, its a decent entertainment that is kind of closest theme to 'No Country for Old Men'. The entire film revolves around just two men and sets in the desert. So a minimal cast film.\r\n\r\nBased on the book 'Deathwatch'. A simple story, but quite interesting film characters. Filled with fairly predictable stuffs yet the performances and very suitable locations are what draws us in.\r\n\r\nIt's a right kind of project for Michael Douglas for his age, but the 'War Horse' actor was also good in his role. An average film, or maybe just above that. If you skip it, you would miss nothing, but if you give it a try, I think that's not a bad idea too.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [256467, 183258, 246080, 334074]}