{"tmdb_id": 284296, "title": "Top Five", "original_title": "Top Five", "slug_title": "top-five", "date": "2014-12-12", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un comique est d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 se prouver \u00e0 lui-m\u00eame qu'il peut \u00eatre un acteur \"s\u00e9rieux\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/chmkg6j7vRmw4sFRGj2xl95btBk.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Rock (Andre)", "Rosario Dawson (Chelsea Brown)", "J.B. Smoove (Silk)", "Gabrielle Union (Erica Long)", "Romany Malco (Benny)", "Hayley Marie Norman (Tammy)", "Anders Holm (Brad)", "Cedric the Entertainer (Jazzy Dee)", "Kevin Hart (Charles)", "Adam Sandler (Adam Sandler)", "Whoopi Goldberg (Herself)", "Jerry Seinfeld (Himself)", "Tracy Morgan (Fred)", "Sherri Shepherd (Vanessa)", "Leslie Jones (Lisa)", "Ben Vereen (Carl Allen)", "Tom Papa (Drunk businessman)", "Brian Regan (Engineer)", "DMX (Himself)", "Jay Pharoah (Mike)", "Taraji P. Henson (Herself)", "Gabourey Sidibe (Herself)", "Annaleigh Ashford (Michele)", "Greta Lee (Pill Girl)", "Hassan Johnson (Craig)", "Tichina Arnold (Theatere Manager)", "Tichina Arnold (Theatre Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When he was looking for a turnaround in his career, his life turned around.**\r\n\r\nThe main host of the last concluded the most controversial awards ceremony, Chris rock, donned in the multiple roles behind and front of the camera. I almost missed this film, because I have never known its existence. All the above, I'm surprised to learn it was written and directed by Chris Rock, because I haven't watched any of them. Is it really worth a watch? Absolutely yes.\r\n\r\nChris played a famous comedian in this, who desperately looking to turn into a serious action hero. On the other hand, he's getting ready for the grand wedding with a reality star. But one day decides to give an interview for a journalist. While spending together for some time, they both open their heart and talk everything about them from the past to present. The remaining part is to disclose how the interview ends, once they find out each others true identity.\r\n\r\nThe performances were brilliant. I mean it is a simple drama, mostly they talk about their personal life and profession, but inside that the both lead actors had given a good show. It was a slow start, and I did not understand where the story was heading. Because everything looked aimless and random scenes, other the some flashback parts, until the final scene.\r\n\r\nIf you wait patiently till that far, you might think it was a late strike, but makes all the sense. Yep the whole narration was defined with that 20-30 second clip. The screenplay is to be praised for that. Might be slightly an underrated film, though, looks like more a television film. Finally, I have to mention those guest roles by other comedians which actually had less impact, yet appreciable for giving their hand for another comedian.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [114750, 157360, 244772, 209403]}