{"tmdb_id": 284276, "title": "Cake", "original_title": "Cake", "slug_title": "cake", "date": "2014-09-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Claire Bennett va mal. Il n'y a qu'\u00e0 voir ses cicatrices et ses grimaces de douleur d\u00e8s qu'elle fait un geste pour comprendre qu'elle souffre physiquement. Elle ne parvient gu\u00e8re mieux \u00e0 dissimuler son mal-\u00eatre affectif.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hXuwwnfjdtkzg8TdLmAKfVBLrFZ.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Aniston (Claire Simmons)", "Anna Kendrick (Nina Collins)", "William H. Macy (Leonard)", "Adriana Barraza (Silvana)", "Felicity Huffman (Annette)", "Sam Worthington (Roy)", "Britt Robertson (Becky)", "Lucy Punch (Nurse Gayle)", "Chris Messina (Jason)", "Mamie Gummer (Bonnie)", "Camille Guaty (Tina)", "Manuel Garcia-Rulfo (Arturo)", "Misty Upham (Liz)", "Rose Abdoo (Innocencia)", "Ashley Crow (Stephanie)", "Allen Maldonado (Buddy)", "Camille Mana (Nurse Salazar)", "Paula Cale (Carol)", "Julio Oscar Mechoso (Pharmacist)", "Evan O'Toole (Casey Collins)", "Lizzie Peet (Gail)", "Pepe Serna (Nuncio)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Aniston at best!\r\n\r\nMight be this is what I was expecting from Aniston from a long ago. Since break-up with Brad Pitt, probably after 'Marley & Me', she has not given any best performance. This is her best shot to till date, maybe in her whole career. She would have not won, but her snub from the Oscar nominee was not justified. Unlike men, who gets better by aging, women are the opposite. In the old days I used to like Aniston, but nowadays, I don't know. In this film she has done without makeup, well, that's an honest attempt.\r\n\r\nNot a spellbinding narration, but it was all about Aniston's performance. There are a couple of cameo appearances, well, all the other character in the movie is like a cameo, including Sam Worthington's, but excluding our heroine. Worth watching this only for her performance, not for the story.\r\n\r\nThe past events should have been explained to let us know the truth along with the portrayal of the present. But it was kind of realism, I won't doubt about that, but sometime cinematic needs a proper detail rather than straightforward. Really a good movie, simultaneously not great as to praise the direction or the presentation that slightly missed the opportunity to be an awesome flick.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [284537, 209271, 284293, 239678]}