{"tmdb_id": 284284, "title": "The Keeping Room", "original_title": "The Keeping Room", "slug_title": "the-keeping-room", "date": "2014-09-25", "genre": ["Drame / Western"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Vers la fin de la Guerre de S\u00e9cession aux Etats-Unis, la sudiste Augusta \u00e9chappe \u00e0 deux soldats unionistes sans foi ni loi qui s\u00e9vissent dans le voisinage. Elle rejoint sa soeur Louise et leur esclave Mad, mais comme elle a \u00e9t\u00e9 suivie par ces derniers, les trois femmes se retrouvent livr\u00e9es \u00e0 elles-m\u00eames pour se d\u00e9fendre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xHPUZzauBavVjwq8dhqrnSoKoGZ.jpg", "actors": ["Hailee Steinfeld (Louise)", "Sam Worthington (Moses)", "Brit Marling (Augusta)", "Muna Otaru (Mad)", "Nicholas Pinnock (Bill)", "Charles Jarman (Carriage Driver)", "Kyle Soller (Henry)", "Ned Dennehy (Caleb)", "Amy Nuttall (Moll)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There are many kind of monsters in the world.\r\n\r\nThe Keeping Room is directed by Daniel Barber and written by Julia Hart. It stars Brit Marling, Hailee Steinfeld, Muna Otaru, Sam Worthington and Kyle Soller. Music is by Martin Phipp and cinematography by Martin Ruhe.\r\n\r\nIt's the back end of the American Civil War and 3 women fight to defend their home from 2 Union Army \"Bummers\"...\r\n\r\nUncle Billy is coming!\r\n\r\nAs genres go, the Western (Re: Southerns - Civil Wars) are primarily male dominated, but just occasionally female led pictures from this ilk come forth to shine bright. It's refreshing that in this modern era of film making, genre film makers are not afraid to pitch the female angle to remind all that women had a key part in the shaping of the frontiers all those years ago. Or as is the case here, they were not merely token fodder, but often women of strength prepared to take up the fight to protect themselves when under duress.\r\n\r\nDaniel Barber and Julia Hart have crafted a magnetic piece, that aside from a daft misstep at pic's finale booms with feminist wiles. Opening with a burst of shocking violence and sexual assault inference, this is merely an attention grabbing appertiser as the pic then settles into a languid realm. The makers are in no hurry here, those expecting an action fuelled piece are in for great disappointment. Not to say further jolts to the system are not forthcoming, they exist and are truly throat grabbing, but tone is set at earthy realism, the sparse locations sidling up nicely with the lives of the women functioning while their loved ones are lost to the war that rages on the edge of the frame.\r\n\r\nPerformances are top end, the girls superb, the boys frighteningly on the boil for the dark side that the war would bore out. As for the look as per tech credits? With the pic being shot in Romania it is natural to approach this thinking it will lack for period flavours, yet it very much does come up trumps there. Anyone familiar with the Barber and Ruhe collaboration Harry Brown 2009, and liked its aesthetical look, will appreciate the craft on show here, more so as Phipps' musical score compliments like some sort of edgy spectre. Barber has an eye for stunning shots, here with such things as a burning carriage in flight post crime committed, or our heroine on white horse in flight through a lonely tree laden pathway, there is beauty here in a world containing monsters.\r\n\r\n*SPOILER* \r\n\r\nResolution of the play is frustrating and rewarding in equal measure, the women strong and correctly earning our admiration - that they have to dress as men to escape the horrors of war just doesn't strike the right chord in a play with such a strong feminine bent - but that could just be me being picky...\r\n\r\nNot one for those lacking patience, or misogynistic geezers who expect women in Westerns to be token fodder or punch bags, The Keeping Room has much to offer genre fans embracing this sort of story telling as a whole. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [328869, 343850, 174314, 259014], "youtube_key": "0LCgZ9AzwaM"}