{"tmdb_id": 284286, "title": "Permis d'aimer", "original_title": "Learning to Drive", "slug_title": "permis-d-aimer", "date": "2014-08-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 quitt\u00e9e par son mari une \u00e9crivaine vivant \u00e0 Manhattan trouve du r\u00e9confort aupr\u00e8s de son instructeur de conduite.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7rSgR0M7yOHuCJa8msQgCcsTK2J.jpg", "actors": ["Patricia Clarkson (Wendy)", "Ben Kingsley (Darwan)", "Jake Weber (Ted)", "Sarita Choudhury (Jasleen)", "Grace Gummer (Tasha)", "Avi Nash (Preet)", "Samantha Bee (Debbie)", "Matt Salinger (Peter)", "John Hodgman (Car Salesman)", "Michael Mantell (Wendy's Father)", "Jonathan C. Kaplan (ICE Agent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The religious and cultural influence in the modern America.\r\n\r\nThe second film together for the two lead actors and the director. This film characters were well understood and executed with a full details. It is always women filmmakers who do a fine job like this. While the western world is not able to differentiate between Sikhs and the one who they think these people are for just wearing turban, this film comes in handy to educate them. Especially the youths who are yet to grow up and learn what the real world is. No offense, just saying they are lack of the knowledge.\r\n\r\nA simple drama about two people from two different races. Since they meet very often during the driving lessons, an unexpected bond develops between them and begin to understand each others agony despite their cultural gap. It helps them to re-organise their struggling life, but the relationship is put on a tested when it reached at a certain stage. How they react to it and the plan for the rest of their lives reveals before ending the narration smartly.\r\n\r\nNo twists, but the interesting concept and the choices of the characters makes the film one of the well organised low cost products with a quality of the practical standards. Ben was amazing as usual, and it is his one of the remarkable small roles. Patricia Clarkson too was in a very casual character display as a typical middle-aged American wife going through a crisis.\r\n\r\nThis film reminds me the 'Midnight My Love'. Somewhat similar film yet culturally differentiates. So this film's not about how good the story is, but the society, how it views a person from outside and inside. It is also about the individual characters on how their life transforms with a new friendship and while learning new stuffs to put behind their bad past. This film suit better for the adults because of the theme on them. So I suggest you if you are one to try this wonderful tale.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [194238, 102344, 103886, 170623], "youtube_key": "IThfFYmEGEs"}