{"tmdb_id": 284445, "title": "The Forty-Niners", "original_title": "The Forty-Niners", "slug_title": "the-forty-niners", "date": "1954-07-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "1849 California and the Gold Boom. Marshal Sam Nelson goes under cover to find out the identity of a trio of killers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5UPUwuHkGXZWpRjnpaAXQBdn5cK.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Elliott (Sam Nelson)", "Virginia Grey (Stella Walker)", "Harry Morgan (Alf Billings)", "John Doucette (Ernie Walker)", "Lane Bradford (Bill Norris)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Everett (as Stanford Jolley))", "Harry Lauter (Gambler)", "Earle Hodgins (Hotel Clerk)", "Dean Cromer (Marshal Sloan)", "Ralph Sanford (Bartender Joe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Cold Water Ruckus. \r\n\r\nThe Forty-Niners is directed by Thomas Carr and written by Dan Ullman. It stars Wild Bill Elliott, Harry Morgan, Virginia Grey, John Doucette and Lane Bradford. Music is by Raoul  Kraushaar and cinematography by Ernest Miller.   \r\n\r\n1849\r\n\r\nThere was gold in California. According to the Eastern newspapers the mountains and streams were full of it. People from all over the country came here by the thousands, and were called The Forty Niners. Some of them worked hard for their golden dreams - - others robbed, plundered and killed for the gold. The entire burden of law enforcement had to be done by a handful of men - - the few United States Marshals the Federal Government could spare to protect its citizens\u2026 \r\n\r\nWild Bill Elliott goes under cover to find out the identity of some dastard killers in this pleasant mystery based black and white Oater. Backed by an Elliot voice narration throughout, it\u2019s obvious that Carr and Ullman are firmly tuning into a dragnet for the Western crowd vibe, and it actually works. With Elliott proving to be a likable lead man and Morgan enjoying himself as a shifty card cheat and blackmailer, the material on the page is delivered with entertaining gravitas. The pace is brisk, the action plenty and there\u2019s enough twists in Ullman\u2019s screenplay to keep you guessing. Yes for sure the ending is never in doubt, this is classic \u201cB\u201d Western territory after all, but a good time to be had here for the discerning Western fan. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}