{"tmdb_id": 284537, "title": "Welcome to Me", "original_title": "Welcome to Me", "slug_title": "welcome-to-me", "date": "2014-09-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1voaGFPqqGUFuzOcjEneRSPiIdV.jpg", "actors": ["Kristen Wiig (Alice Klieg)", "James Marsden (Rich Ruskin)", "Linda Cardellini (Gina Selway)", "Wes Bentley (Gabe Ruskin)", "Jennifer Jason Leigh (Deb Moseley)", "Alan Tudyk (Ted Thurber)", "Tim Robbins (Dr. Daryl Moffet)", "Joan Cusack (Dawn Hurley)", "Thomas Mann (Rainer Ybarra)", "Rose Abdoo (Connie)", "Shanna Strong (Teenage Alice)", "Kulap Vilaysack (Grace Dao)", "Loretta Devine (Barb Vaughn)", "Joyce Hiller Piven (Miriam Klieg)", "Jack Wallace (Bud Klieg)", "Mitch Silpa (Derek)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> For some, expressing themselves means lot than being a rich.\r\n\r\nThis is actually a good film that misled by its low rating. But the end should have been really better, other than that the rest of the film was enjoyable. Another small scale movie and another excellent performance by Kristen Wiig. The story of a single woman with the borderline personality disorder. After winning the $80 million through the lottery draw, she decides to own a television show to talk about her personal life. She begins to lose her close ones as the result of her out talk about them, but can she fix it and how is the remaining.\r\n\r\nThis is a unique story, not like that you see it often in the movies. Apart from Wiig, the rest of the supporting cast was not bad, but very sad to see such a good looking wonderful actress like Linda Cardellin in a small role. If you hate slow pace, this movie might be an average to you, but others who won't mind will find it better. What I surprised to know is that most of the film critics thumb upped for it than the film goers. But I still suggest it, mainly for the film fanatics, just give it a try and so you might like it than what you've heard about it.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [209271, 244772, 242083, 157360]}