{"tmdb_id": 284689, "title": "M\u00e9moires de jeunesse", "original_title": "Testament of Youth", "slug_title": "memoires-de-jeunesse", "date": "2014-10-14", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Printemps 1914. Jeune femme f\u00e9ministe \u00e0 l'esprit frondeur, Vera Brittain est r\u00e9solue \u00e0 passer les examens d'admission \u00e0 Oxford, malgr\u00e9 l'hostilit\u00e9 de ses parents particuli\u00e8rement conservateurs. D\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 devenir \u00e9crivain, elle est encourag\u00e9e et soutenue par son fr\u00e8re et sa bande d'amis \u2013 et notamment par le brillant Roland Leighton dont elle s\u2019\u00e9prend. Mais les r\u00eaves de Vera se brisent au moment o\u00f9 l'Angleterre entre en guerre et o\u00f9 tous les jeunes hommes s'engagent dans l'arm\u00e9e. Elle renonce alors \u00e0 \u00e9crire pour devenir infirmi\u00e8re. Tandis que la jeune femme se rapproche de plus en plus du front, elle assiste avec d\u00e9sespoir \u00e0 l\u2019effondrement de son monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bm4LR8WLYg1CKEjpFcDkIL0DBjS.jpg", "actors": ["Alicia Vikander (Vera Brittain)", "Kit Harington (Roland Leighton)", "Taron Egerton (Edward Brittain)", "Colin Morgan (Victor Richardson)", "Dominic West (Mr. Brittain)", "Emily Watson (Mrs. Brittain)", "Hayley Atwell (Hope Milroy)", "Anna Chancellor (Mrs. Leighton)", "Miranda Richardson (Miss Lorimer)", "Joanna Scanlan (Aunt Belle)", "Alexandra Roach (Winifred Holtby)", "Jenn Murray (Dorothy)", "Henry Garrett (George)", "Nicholas Le Prevost (Mr Leighton)", "Nicholas Farrell (Headmaster)", "Daisy Waterstone (Clare Leighton)", "Niamh Cusack (Sister Jones)", "Teresa Churcher (Passenger)", "Xavier Atkins (Boy on Bicycle)", "Heather Nicol (Celebrating Nurse)", "Laura Elsworthy (Nurse Scott)", "Naomi Everson (Nurse Milton)", "Jonathan Bailey (Geoffrey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The lesson the WWI taught us that we shouldn't let it fade away.\r\n\r\nKind of reminded me 'Atonement', but not a similar movie, except like you know the loved one goes to the war, serving a nurse in the army like stuffs. Actually, this one was a biopic of a young Vera Brittain that set in the England, 1914. Her wish becomes real to attend the university of Oxford, but at a same time the World War I breaks out and puts her dream to a pause while her beloved ones are fighting in the war. She fights her own way to save them and bring safely back home. For that she goes through many difficulties and by the time when war nears the end, the movie as well.\r\n\r\nI felt it was a bit lengthy, but covers everything without racing towards the end by trimming all the important portions. It was an anti-war theme. It demonstrated the struggles that everyone who linked directly to the war would go through. Like parents, fiancee, siblings, friends who send their loved ones to the war. Especially how the young generations are affected by the sudden warfare. So like the title, Vera tells the story by recalling her memories. The film won't show the battles, but only a glimpse of a few seconds for a couple of times.\r\n\r\nAlicia Vikander was at her best. She was quite impressive in the recent films of hers. I liked the filmed locations, some of the countryside landscapes were beautiful. The end scene is where it really breaks our heart, makes us to feel what Vera felt. The book which this movie was based on was a bestseller at that time, but was just a someone's story, although the world war two came. It is a good movie about a stupid war. The first major mistake by the man in the modern world, followed by another.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [250734, 88273, 283552, 271674], "youtube_key": "e3e2nNNJ7-4"}