{"tmdb_id": 28484, "title": "La fille du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "Colorado Territory", "slug_title": "la-fille-du-desert", "date": "1949-06-11", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Western", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Wes McQueen vient d'\u00eatre condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 vingt ans de travaux forc\u00e9s. Au cours de son transfert, ses anciens complices parviennent \u00e0 le d\u00e9livrer. Lors d'un voyage en diligence, il fait la connaissance de Fred Winslow et de sa fille, Julie Ann. La diligence est attaqu\u00e9e et le cocher tu\u00e9. Wes parvient \u00e0 repousser les assaillants. En ville, il retrouve par hasard deux de ses ex-acolytes, ainsi que la belle Colorado Carson, une danseuse de revue. Amoureux de Julie Ann, il n'en d\u00e9daigne pas pour autant les avances que lui fait Colorado. Bien que d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 se ranger, il se laisse convaincre de participer \u00e0 un dernier m\u00e9fait, une attaque de train...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zbNONz5eQRLmGsO9pP6rTGfIPbm.jpg", "actors": ["Joel McCrea (Wes McQueen)", "Virginia Mayo (Colorado Carson)", "Dorothy Malone (Julie Ann Winslow)", "Henry Hull (Fred Winslow)", "John Archer (Reno Blake)", "James Mitchell (Duke Harris)", "Morris Ankrum (United States Marshal)", "Basil Ruysdael (Dave Rickard ('The Old Man'))", "Frank Puglia (Brother Tomas)", "Ian Wolfe (Homer Wallace)", "Harry Woods (Pluthner)", "Houseley Stevenson (Prospector)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Territorial Doom.\r\n\r\nColorado Territory is directed by Raoul Walsh and adapted to screenplay by Edmund H. North and John Twist from the novel \"High Sierra\" written by W.R. Burnett. It stars Joel McCrea, Virginia Mayo, Dorothy Malone and Henry Hull. Music is by David Buttolph and cinematography by Sidney Hickox.\r\n\r\nRaoul Walsh remakes his own High Sierra from 1941 but supplants it into a Western genre setting - with tremendous results.\r\n\r\nMcCrea plays outlaw Wes McQueen who springs from prison and vows to go straight, but with a price on his head he is coerced into one last railroad robbery. If he can escape the law then he can make a go of it as a new man, with a new name, and comforted by a new found love of a good woman, Colorado Carson (Mayo). Can he escape the law and those who would sell him out for money?\r\n\r\nA remake of a classic film noir, Colorado Territory is itself classic film noir. Whilst not reaching the dizzying star heights of Bogart's 41 version, this is a film of great strengths. Thematically it's noir gold dust, the great Walsh not pandering to anyone and ensuring the dark edges of Burnett's novel play out on screen - including the shattering finale.\r\n\r\nThe photography is grade \"A\", both in chiaroscuro textures and sumptuous location framings. Cast can't be faulted either, McCrea a genuine horseman is firmly at home in a Western setting, Mayo and Malone positively light and sex up the screen, while classy performer Hull lends weighty support.\r\n\r\nHigh end Western staples are adhered to, with robbery actions, fights, stunts, villainous betrayals and back stabbers, these marry up to the noirish cement of a man unable to escape his fate, his past weighing heavy on his shoulders, all ensuring there's constantly a doom laden feel permeating the story.\r\n\r\nRarely mentioned when talk turns to film noir Westerns, but it should be since it's one of the best. 9/10\r\n\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [37309, 20372, 42143, 111390]}