{"tmdb_id": 28503, "title": "Dementia 13", "original_title": "Dementia 13", "slug_title": "dementia-13", "date": "1963-09-25", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "En Irlande, une s\u00e9rie de meurtres \u00e0 la hache provoque la terreur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/426rycmfLqOh7RJbdB8FMISMbbX.jpg", "actors": ["William Campbell (Richard Haloran)", "Luana Anders (Louise Haloran)", "Bart Patton (Billy Haloran)", "Mary Mitchel (Kane)", "Patrick Magee (Dr. Justin Caleb)", "Eithne Dunne (Lady Haloran)", "Peter Read (John Haloran)", "Karl Schanzer (Simon)", "Ron Perry (Arthur)", "Derry O'Donavan (Lillian)", "Barbara Dowling (Kathleen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was a tad eccentric but proved to me a very delightfully surreal horror film. In watching this, you immediately get the feeling the director has both interesting, out-of-the-ordinary ideas plus the balls to do things his own way. It's flawed, but definitely shows plenty of directing chops and potential for brilliance, just a few years down the road. A bona-fide, low-budget, American classic."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Coppola\u2019s version of \u201cPsycho,\u201d sort of***\r\n\r\nAfter the sudden death of her husband, an American woman (Luana Anders) keeps it secret and tries to ingratiate herself to the matriarch at the family\u2019s manor in Ireland in order to extort part of the inheritance. But there\u2019s a dark pall over the family after an accidental drowning seven years earlier, not to mention the specter of a psycho with an axe! William Campbell plays the strange brother and Mary Mitchel his fianc\u00e9e.\r\n\r\nShot in B&W, \u201cDementia 13\u201d (1963), aka \u201cThe Haunted and the Hunted,\u201d was the theatrical debut for writer/director Francis Ford Coppola after producer Roger Corman offered him to do a low-budget imitation of \u201cPsycho\u201d (1960) in Ireland with funds left over from his movie \u201cThe Young Racers,\u201d on which Coppola worked as a sound technician. Actually, this wasn\u2019t technically Coppola\u2019s first film as he did eleven days shooting of Corman\u2019s superior \u201cThe Terror\u201d in Big Sur, California.\r\n\r\nThe story and setting are very different from \u201cPsycho\u201d and its sister English film \u201cHorror Hotel\u201d (aka \u201cThe City of the Dead\u201d), which was produced/released at the same time as \u201cPsycho,\u201d although it wasn\u2019t released in America until two years later. Nevertheless, \u201cDementia 13\u201d is cut from the same B&W horror cloth and shares an infamous plot twist that originated with those two films. Like \u201cPsycho,\u201d there\u2019s a psycho madmen, although he prefers an axe to a butcher knife.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, \u201cDementia 13\u201d isn\u2019t great like \u201cPsycho\u201d or formidable like \u201cHorror Hotel,\u201d mainly because the story is sorta befuddling (like the two bodies of water that aren\u2019t properly differentiated), although most everything\u2019s explained at the end. There\u2019s a good gothic ambiance, but the bewildering storytelling prevents the flick from taking off. And Luana Anders, while okay, is second rate compared to the breathtaking Venetia Stevenson in \u201cHorror Hotel\u201d and Janet Leigh in \u201cPsycho.\u201d\r\n\r\nCorman wasn\u2019t happy with what Coppola brought home to California. He (rightly) insisted that certain scenes needed simplified and that more violence was necessary, to which Jack Hill was hired to shoot the additional poacher scenes. A useless prologue was also tacked on to beef-up the runtime, which wasn\u2019t featured on the version I watched. If you\u2019re familiar with Coppola\u2019s later work, like \u201cYouth Without Youth\u201d (2007) and \u201cTwixt\u201d (2011), you know that he has the tendency to overcomplicate scripts. That\u2019s the problem with \u201cDementia 13.\u201d Still, it definitely upped the slasher ante and influenced that particular horror genre.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 15 minutes and was shot in Ireland (Howth Castle, Howth, and Ardmore Studios in Bray). It was remade and improved in color in 2017. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [27230, 74225, 20842, 37521], "youtube_key": "Jq6b0_3_HDY"}