{"tmdb_id": 28560, "title": "Alibi meurtrier", "original_title": "Naked Alibi", "slug_title": "alibi-meurtrier", "date": "1954-10-01", "genre": "Crime", "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "Joseph Conroy, un policier respect\u00e9 de tous, soup\u00e7onne un homme arr\u00eat\u00e9 pour ivresse, Al Willis, d'avoir tu\u00e9 trois de ses confr\u00e8res. L'individu est vite rel\u00e2ch\u00e9 et Conroy s'acharne sur cet homme sans avoir de preuves. Le policier devient particuli\u00e8rement brutal, ce qui lui vaut d'\u00eatre r\u00e9voqu\u00e9. Il n'en abandonne pas la lutte pour autant et suit son suspect, qui a quitt\u00e9 femme et enfants pour se r\u00e9fugier chez sa ma\u00eetresse, une chanteuse de cabaret, d\u00e9nomm\u00e9e Marianna. Cette derni\u00e8re, voulant sauver son amant, tente de s\u00e9duire l'ancien policier et n'y r\u00e9ussit que trop bien. Willis, terriblement jaloux, n'h\u00e9site pas \u00e0 combattre son rival \u00e0 d\u00e9couvert...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dPvodASXE497VDxRXdwFLZuEnfz.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Hayden (Chief Joe Conroy)", "Gloria Grahame (Marianna)", "Gene Barry (Al Willis)", "Marcia Henderson (Helen Willis)", "Max Showalter (Det. Lt. Fred Parks)", "Billy Chapin (Petey)", "Chuck Connors (Capt. Owen Kincaide)", "Don Haggerty (Matt Matthews)", "Stuart Randall (Chief A. S. Babcock)", "Don Garrett (Tony)", "Richard Beach (Felix)", "Tol Avery (Irish (bartender))", "Paul Levitt (Gerald Frazier)", "Joseph Mell (Otto Stoltz)", "Fay Roope (Commissioner F.J. O'Day)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Killer of Family Man.\r\n\r\nNaked Alibi is directed by Jerry Hopper and adapted to screenplay by Lawrence Roman from the story \u201cCry Copper\u201d by Gladys Atwater and J. Robert Bren. It stars Sterling Hayden, Gloria Grahame, Gene Barry and Marcia Henderson. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Russell Metty.\r\n\r\nUrgh! It\u2019s one of those lesser grade film noir movies from the classic cycle that should have been super, but isn\u2019t. It\u2019s also a Sterling Hayden film that gives his knockers ammunition to call him wooden, yet the tedious direction of Hooper and all round over staging of the production is what\u2019s at fault here.\r\n\r\nPlot has Barry (over acting) as a suspected cop killer who walks free to apparently wreak more misery on the police force. Hayden\u2019s stoic and robust detective is not having a bit of it and becomes obsessed with bringing Barry\u2019s edgy character to justice. Grahame slinks into view in shapely fashion after half hour of film, to naturally stir the hornet\u2019s nest still further.\r\n\r\nThe potential is there for a hot-to-trot noir of psychological substance, a peek under the skin of men teetering on the thin line separating good and bad. Sadly it\u2019s all so laborious and fake, the male actors indulging in what I call auto-cue acting as they act out badly staged scenes. Grahame comes out of it relatively unscathed, while Metty gives the production an atmosphere it doesn\u2019t deserve with some slats and shads dalliances. But really it\u2019s average at best and the cast are wasted. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42288, 45975, 27203, 19335]}