{"tmdb_id": 28577, "title": "Je veux vivre", "original_title": "I Want to Live!", "slug_title": "je-veux-vivre", "date": "1958-11-18", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Accus\u00e9e d'un meutre qu'elle n'a pas commis, Barbara Graham est condamn\u00e9e \u00e0 mort. Seul contre tous, le journaliste Ed Montgomery d\u00e9fend Barbara. Mais l'issue de son combat est tragique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mgfhGcA2w5d2EkZoo9ZcA7cEUoo.jpg", "actors": ["Susan Hayward (Barbara Graham)", "Simon Oakland (Edward S. 'Ed' Montgomery)", "Virginia Vincent (Peg)", "Theodore Bikel (Carl G.G. Palmberg)", "Wesley Lau (Henry L. Graham)", "Philip Coolidge (Emmett Perkins)", "Bartlett Robinson (District Attorney Milton)", "Gage Clarke (Attorney Richard G. Tibrow)", "Joe De Santis (Al Matthews)", "John Marley (Father Devers)", "Raymond Bailey (San Quentin Warden)", "Gertrude Flynn (San Quentin Matron)", "Russell Thorson (San Quentin Sgt.)", "Dabbs Greer (San Quentin Capt.)", "Stafford Repp (Police Sgt.)", "Gavin MacLeod (Police Lt.)", "Lou Krugman (John R. 'Jack' Santo)", "James Philbrook (Bruce King)", "Alice Backes (Barbara, San Quentin Nurse)", "Wendell Holmes (Detective)", "Gerry Mulligan (Jazz Combo Member)", "Shelly Manne (Jazz Combo Member)", "Red Mitchell (Jazz Combo Member)", "Art Farmer (Jazz Combo Member)", "Frank Rosolino (Jazz Combo Member)", "Pete Jolly (Jazz Combo Member)", "Bud Shank (Jazz Combo Member)", "John George (Courtroom Spectator (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "My heart bleeds for you. How can I help you Inspector, buy a few tickets to the policemen's ball?  \r\n\r\nRight from the off there's a realistic feel to the film that immediately draws you in. Be it the characters being acted out so deftly, or the whole composition of director Robert Wise's work, it's quite something and sets the viewer up a treat. It somehow manages to put you in there with Barbara Graham so as to make you feel all the emotions that Graham herself feels.\r\n\r\nThe plot is based around the murky life of Barbara Graham and the subsequent trial that would culminate in her execution, all of which is decidedly dark and troubling. Broken home upbringing (merely alluded to here) right through drugs, perjury, prostitution, shilling, robbery and ultimately murder? It's all in there, yet why does the viewer feel complete sympathy with Barbara? Could it be that she is portrayed as a victim of society? Or merely that it's just so shattering watching this woman get knocked from pillar to post at every turn? Either way the film is a triumph of a character piece, an explosive look at the destruction of one woman's hopes and dreams, a murky peek at the impact that the press can have on such trials, as they turn them into national parties and the accused into national stars.\r\n\r\nAs a criminal biography it is handled adroitly, maybe too much so? For the makers here hint at Graham actually being innocent, and yet nothing substantial is offered up so a to put meat on the bones of such a hint. Other than Graham's own repeated claims of innocence, it's just comes off as a daft slant for the film to aim for, especially since any research into the real life case leads you to finding her out as being guilty anyway. It's a minor complaint though, hell most of my favourite films of all time are historically twisted, and since so much is great and right with the film it would be churlish of me to not advocate it as a must see for anyone remotely interested in classic film history. \r\n\r\nSusan Hayward gives a faultless display as Graham, she nails every emotional tick of the human condition. Her feisty shows are a pure delight, whilst her scenes of heartbreak and bewilderment look genuine and are up with the best in classic film. Oh yes the academy got this one right, a long overdue Oscar for Susan Hayward. She took on a lot of edgy roles in her career, a great actress for sure. The academy simply found it impossible to ignore such a layered masterclass back in 1958. The rest of the cast are splendid, and I would be doing a disservice if I didn't mention the wonderful jazz arrangement from Johnny Mandel (well done Gerry Mulligan) that tones in perfect with the film's sizzles and sadness.\r\n\r\nIt looks and sounds fantastic and holds you enthral from the first reel right through to the last. And what a final reel, where come the denouement you may find yourself holding your breath along with Barbara herself. A truly superb piece of film making. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [430762, 102344, 103886, 98986], "youtube_key": "X_iQdDy3tr0"}