{"tmdb_id": 28580, "title": "Le Poison", "original_title": "The Lost Weekend", "slug_title": "le-poison", "date": "1945-11-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Don Birnam est un alcoolique de longue date. Voil\u00e0 dix jours qu'il n'a pas touch\u00e9 \u00e0 une goutte d'alcool, et il semble sur la bonne voie.S'arrangeant pour ne pas aller passer un week-end \u00e0 la campagne avec son fr\u00e8re et sa petite amie, il se retrouve seul pour quatre jours de cuite s\u00e9v\u00e8re. Il repense \u00e0 son pass\u00e9, souvent g\u00e2ch\u00e9 par la bouteille. Cette fois, sa descente aux enfers sera sa derni\u00e8re, d'une fa\u00e7on ou d'une autre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5fZWKQREZ3QVNjBKMLa7NmqufnE.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Don Birnam)", "Jane Wyman (Helen St. James)", "Phillip Terry (Wick Birnam)", "Howard Da Silva (Nat the Bartender)", "Doris Dowling (Gloria)", "Frank Faylen ('Bim' Nolan)", "Mary Young (Mrs. Deveridge)", "Anita Sharp-Bolster (Mrs. Foley)", "Lillian Fontaine (Mrs. Charles St. James)", "Frank Orth (Opera Cloak Room Attendant)", "Lewis L. Russell (Charles St. James)", "Andy Andrews (Alcoholic (uncredited))", "Walter Baldwin (Man from Albany (uncredited))", "Harry Barris (Pianist at Harry & Joe's (uncredited))", "Jess Lee Brooks ((uncredited))", "Jack Rube Clifford (Guard (uncredited))", "David Clyde (Dave (uncredited))", "James Conaty (Man in Nightclub Washroom (uncredited))", "Willa Pearl Curtis (Mrs. Wertheim's Assistant (uncredited))", "John Deauville (Cloakroom Attendant (uncredited))", "Helen Dickson (Mrs. Frink (uncredited))", "Franklyn Farnum (Concert Attendee (uncredited))", "Byron Foulger (Shopkeeper (uncredited))", "Jayne Hazard (M. (uncredited))", "Ted Hecht (Man with Bandaged Ear (uncredited))", "Ernest Hilliard (Headwaiter (uncredited))", "Earle Hyman (Smoking Man (uncredited))", "Jerry James (Male Nurse (uncredited))", "Stan Johnson (Nurse (uncredited))", "Jack W. Johnston (Nightclub Guest (uncredited))", "Karl 'Karchy' Kosiczky (Baby (uncredited))", "Eddie Laughton (Mr. Brophy (uncredited))", "Perc Launders (Doorman (uncredited))", "Audrey Long (Cloak Room Attendant (uncredited))", "Bertram Marburgh (Jewish Man (uncredited))", "William Meader (Hardware Man (uncredited))", "James Millican (Nurse (uncredited))", "Frank Mills (Drunk in Alcoholic Ward (uncredited))", "Pat Moriarity (Irishman (uncredited))", "William Newell (Liquor Store Proprietor (uncredited))", "William O'Leary (Irishman (uncredited))", "Peter Potter (Shaky and Sweaty Man (uncredited))", "Stanley Price (Fruit Clerk (uncredited))", "Craig Reynolds (George (uncredited))", "Lester Sharpe (Jewish Man (uncredited))", "Lee Shumway (Guard (uncredited))", "Douglas Spencer (Hospital Patient Seeing Imaginary Beetles (uncredited))", "Al Stewart (Mattress Man (uncredited))", "Amzie Strickland (Woman in Bar (uncredited))", "Harry Tenbrook (Drunk in Alcoholic Ward (uncredited))", "Fred 'Snowflake' Toones (Washroom Attendant at Harry & Joe's (uncredited))", "Emmett Vogan (Doctor (uncredited))", "Max Wagner (Mike (uncredited))", "Milton Wallace (Pawnbroker with Helen's Coat (uncredited))", "Gisela Werbisek (Mrs. Wertheim (uncredited))", "Crane Whitley (Waiter at Harry & Joe's Bar (uncredited))", "Ernest Whitman (Black Man Talking to Himself (uncredited))", "Harry Wilson (Drunk (uncredited))", "Isabel Withers (Woman Before Pawn Shop (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Delirium is a disease that only comes at night.\r\n\r\nDon Birnham is not a drinker, he is in fact a drunk, he is left alone for the weekend by those who love him under the proviso that he gets stuck into his writing, thus the hope is that he stays away from the booze that is killing his life and the loving foundation that his life is built on.\r\n\r\nBilly Wilder directs this with brilliant hands, he pulls his first masterstroke by casting Ray Milland in the lead role of Don Birnham, at the time Milland was better known for light and airy roles, so for audiences of the time it was quite something to see someone so normally affable descend into a real dark shadow of their perceived persona. It was a formula that Blake Edwards would repeat some 17 years later with Days Of Wine And Roses, there, comedy great Jack Lemmon would wow the viewers with his own descent into alcoholic hell.\r\n\r\nIt's no different here in 1945, Milland (and Wilder) drag us into an airy, almost jaunty first reel, and the foundation is set here for us to firmly stand by Don as he spirals thru a series of nightmares that is acted with genuine brilliance from the leading man. The journey has us rapidly trying to hock a typewriter if only we could just find a pawnbrokers open, we will beg in touchingly heart breaking fashion for a drink from the trusted barkeep, we will find ourselves in a dry out ward where the night terrors take over, we will be terrified by the delirium as sobriety threatens to unhinge this vile addiction....\r\n\r\nWe will be part of this film for it's simply magnetic in how it draws you in, it's not just Milland's quite stunning show, Wilder the crafty sod uses deep focus to emphasise anything that will steer us to the demon drink, be it escalating water rings as each shot of Rye is consumed, or shots thru the bottles themselves, Wilder doesn't let up with knowing reminders of the core subject. The score is just terrific, Miklos Roza scores it to perfection because the music leads you into a swirling nightmare as Don's functional mind gives way to the haven of numbness, in short, the work on the film is incredible.\r\n\r\nThe back story to this now revered masterpiece is somewhat hilarious, Paramount didn't want to release the film after temperance groups protested the film championed drinking (lol). One strong arm group even offered 5 Million Dollars to have the films negative destroyed, Wilder stood by his guns and thankfully the movie watching world still has a dark and poignant classic to view with resonance in any decade. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [887, 976, 25364, 851], "youtube_key": "j-tefK9hkuM"}