{"tmdb_id": 285923, "title": "Double Feature: Grindhouse", "original_title": "Grindhouse", "slug_title": "double-feature-grindhouse", "date": "2007-04-06", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Horreur", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Un diptyque d\u00e9jant\u00e9, hommage aux films d'exploitation et aux doubles-programmes des ann\u00e9es 70, compos\u00e9 de Grind House - 1\u00e8re s\u00e9ance : Deathproof de Quentin Tarantino et Grind House - 2\u00e8me s\u00e9ance : Planet Terror de Robert Rodriguez. Le film est sorti en une seule partie aux Etats-Unis, au Canada, en Angleterre et en Australie, et en deux parties dans les pays non-anglophones.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c7KkNHtq6bXrOdhiz7cFucSGPbe.jpg", "actors": ["Kurt Russell (Stuntman Mike (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Zo\u00eb Bell (Herself (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Rosario Dawson (Abernathy (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Vanessa Ferlito (Butterfly (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Sydney Tamiia Poitier (Jungle Julia (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Tracie Thoms (Kim (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Rose McGowan (Pam (segment \"Death Proof\") / Cherry (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Jordan Ladd (Shanna (segment \"Death Proof\") / Judy (segment \"Thanksgiving\"))", "Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Lee Montgomery (segment \"Death Proof\"))", "Quentin Tarantino (Warren (segment \"Death Proof\") / Rapist #1 (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Michael Parks (Earl McGraw (segments \"Death Proof\" / \"Planet Terror\"))", "Freddy Rodr\u00edguez (Wray (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Josh Brolin (Block (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Jeff Fahey (JT (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Michael Biehn (Sheriff Hague (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Rebel Rodriguez (Tony (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Bruce Willis (Muldoon (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Naveen Andrews (Abby (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Sheri Moon Zombie (Eva Krupp (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\"))", "Sybil Danning (Gretchen Krupp (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\"))", "Bill Moseley (Dr. Heinrich von Strasser (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\"))", "Udo Kier (Franz Hess (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\"))", "Tom Towles (Lt. Boorman (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\"))", "Cheech Marin (Padre (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Marley Shelton (Dr. Dakota Block (McGraw) (segment \"Death Proof\") / Dakota (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Tom Savini (Deputy Tolo (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Danny Trejo (Machete (segment \"Planet Terror\"))", "Emily Booth (Featured Woman (segment \"Don't\") (uncredited))", "MyAnna Buring (Featured Woman (segment \"Don't\") (uncredited))", "Nicolas Cage (Fu Manchu (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\") (uncredited))", "Lorielle New (Werewolf Woman (segment \"Werewolf Women of the SS\") (uncredited))", "Simon Pegg (Bearded Cannibal (segment \"Don't\") (uncredited))", "Helen Kim (Peg (segment \"Death Proof\"))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Zombies, dancing skanks, rednecks and killer stunt cars***\r\n\r\n\u201cGrindhouse\u201d (2007) features two separate movies: \u201cPlanet Terror\u201d by Robert Rodriguez and \u201cDeath Proof\u201d by Quentin Tarantino. Together, they\u2019re called \u201cGrindhouse\u201d because they\u2019re a deliberate attempt to recreate the experience of a double feature at a B movie house in the mid/late 60s-70s with the prints intentionally marred by scratches and blemishes or, in one case, a whole reel supposedly missing. Trailers for fake movies, like \u201cMachete,\u201d are also part of the package.\r\n\r\n\u201cPlanet Terror\u201d involves a biochemical outbreak in central Texas that (big surprise) turns people into zombies and the ragtag group that teams-up to fight \u2019em, led by Freddy Rodr\u00edguez and Michael Biehn, the latter a sheriff. Hotties Rose McGowan and Marley Shelton are on hand, the former acquiring a machine gun implant in replace of her amputated leg. (How exactly she pulls the trigger to massacre zombies is anyone\u2019s guess).\r\n\r\nThe movie comes across as a melding of \u201cFaster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!\u201d (1965), \u201cNight of the Living Dead\u201d (1968) and \u201cDawn of the Dead\u201d (1978), but with the modern tone of \u201cSlither\u201d (2006) with its gross, deliberately offensive black humor. McGowan is a highlight throughout, especially her opening go-go sequence whereas Freddy Rodriguez is surprisingly formidable. Their romantic arc is kind of touching. Another point of interest is the quality cast, rounded out by the likes of Bruce Willis, Josh Brolin, Naveen Andrews and Fergie. \r\n\r\nAt the end of the day, though, \u201cPlanet Terror\u201d fails to rise above the low-budget sorta-genius of Syfy schlock like \u201cFlu Bird Horror\u201d (2008), \u201cWyvern\u201d (2009) and \u201cSasquatch Mountain\u201d (2006) even though it cost literally twelve times as much. GRADE: C\r\n\r\n\u201cDeath Proof\u201d involves an embittered stuntman (Kurt Russell) and his psycho obsession with murdering young women of dubious character with his death proof stunt car (but only the driver\u2019s side). The first half is very good, hindered only by the inane chatter of the girls. This kind of dull drivel goes into overdrive in the second half, particularly involving  Zoe Bell, Tracie Thoms and Rosario Dawson, but is rewarded by a thrilling car chase in the country that\u2019s supposedly Tennessee, but obviously Southern Cal.\r\n\r\nRussell\u2019s character is perversely charismatic and the movie perks up whenever he\u2019s on screen. There are no less than eight female co-stars playing mostly classless types (but not all of them) and, depending on your tastes, four of them are quite alluring,: Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rose McGowan, Vanessa Ferlito and Sydney Tamiia Poitier (yes, Sidney\u2019s daughter). GRADE: C+/B-\r\n\r\nThe two movies and additional trailers run 3 hours, 11 minutes. Unless you have that kind of time to blow, I suggest watching the movies singularly.\r\n\r\nOVERALL GRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [1992, 1991, 241, 23631]}