{"tmdb_id": 286197, "title": "Vendetta", "original_title": "Vendetta", "slug_title": "vendetta", "date": "1996-01-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Troma Team proudly presents Vendetta.  Jack Mason (George Saunders-Hunt for Red October) and Jennifer Mason (Monica Barber-Field of Dreams) both homicide detectives in Los Angeles, have suffered a loss: one year ago, their 10 year old daughter was raped and killed.  The murderer/rapist was never found.  As Jack and Jennifer, with the help of Dr. Carl Steiner (Joey Travolta-Beverly Hills Cop III, To the Limit), investigate a series of bizarre mutilation murders, a shocking revelation unravels.  The killer wears a badge!  The further Jack investigates... digging through the violent, action-packed underground of crime... the more he must face a horrible possibility: the serial murders are being committed by his wife Jennifer.  Because of his private vendetta against the criminal element that murdered his child, Jack swears to bring the killer to justice.  Now he must make a dreadful sacrifice... a sacrifice that may destroy not only his wife, but himself as well!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3OZC17AQslXSNHqs2SgRC6QRSmo.jpg", "actors": ["George Saunders (Jack Mason)", "Monica Baber (Trish Anderson)", "Joey Travolta (Dr. Carl Steiner)", "Vanessa Georgio (Jennifer Mason)", "Steve Cedillos (Phil Stations)", "Richard Lynch (Dr. David Wilson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}