{"tmdb_id": 286565, "title": "La Face cach\u00e9e de Margo", "original_title": "Paper Towns", "slug_title": "la-face-cachee-de-margo", "date": "2015-06-18", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Romance", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'ils sont jeunes, Quentin et sa voisine Margo d\u00e9couvrent le corps d'un suicid\u00e9. Ils grandissent, et un jour, Margo appara\u00eet \u00e0 la fen\u00eatre de Quentin, habill\u00e9e en ninja, r\u00e9clamant son aide pour se venger des gens qui l'ont bless\u00e9e. Le lendemain, Margo est introuvable, mais a laiss\u00e9 des indices \u00e0 Quentin pour qu'il la retrouve...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6UBSsUIIuwbEyqhkulStyQfR9R8.jpg", "actors": ["Nat Wolff (Quentin Jacobsen)", "Cara Delevingne (Margo Roth Spiegelman)", "Justice Smith (Marcus 'Radar' Lincoln)", "Austin Abrams (Ben Starling)", "Halston Sage (Lacey Pemberton)", "Jaz Sinclair (Angela)", "Cara Buono (Connie Jacobsen)", "Stevie Ray Dallimore (Josh Jacobsen)", "Meg Crosbie (Ruthie Spiegelman)", "Caitlin Carver (Becca Arrington)", "Griffin Freeman (Jase Worthington)", "RJ Shearer (Chuck Parson)", "Susan Macke Miller (Debbie Spiegelman)", "Tom Hillmann (Hank Spiegelman)", "Jim R. Coleman (Detective Otis Warren)", "Ansel Elgort (Mason)", "Drew Matthews (Gus)", "Lane Lovegrove (Robert Joyner)", "Hannah Alligood (Young Margo)", "Josiah Cerio (Young Quentin)", "Kendall McIntyre (Ben at Age 12)", "Jay Duplass (English Teacher)", "John Green (Dwight Arrington (voice))", "Emma O'Loughlin (Freshman Girl)", "Yossie Mulyadi (Check-Out Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> You can't hold back forever your crush on someone.\r\n\r\nI don't know why it is underrated, probably that's a mistake. Because this is not your usual teen movie, but a different perspective tale and told in a quite exciting way. It was from the director of 'Robot & Frank', it is only his second film and he's now in my watch-out filmmakers list. Both the films were different genre and topic, and I totally loved them. This film was adapted from the book of the same name who wrote 'The Fault in Our Stars'. The film talks about a childhood crush and how long does it takes one to get courage to open his heart.\r\n\r\nQ short for Quentin, when he first time saw the girl named Margo, he has instantly fallen in love with her. But having differences over how to enjoy the life, they had drifted away. Until when the actual story begins in the final year of their high school. So Q finds some clues when Margo disappeared like usual, but this time he considers it seriously and goes after her to reveal his love. What follows is a road adventure and a mini twist in the tale.\r\n\r\nGreat cast, but I think it is the Nat Wolff's best performance as the lead. The supporting roles were not here to just support, but participated beyond the usual. Cara Delevingne was not bad either, but her part was like in and out frequently. So overall it had best set of characters with uniqueness from one another. Which means don't expect a silly teen comedy, it was awesomely designed to impact all generations. So the entertainment is guaranteed.\r\n\r\nIt is not just a romance between two, that is what I was surprised. The narration points out a one love story, but in the end you would end up watching a multiple romances. Something very refreshing and all the lines were very matured, which kind of feels like the real world stuff. I really liked the conclusion, proves why one should watch it. Whatever the others say, I definitely recommend it. A sweeter and a heartwarming teen film.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [222935, 200727, 249164, 272693]}