{"tmdb_id": 286595, "title": "Marie Heurtin", "original_title": "Marie Heurtin", "slug_title": "marie-heurtin", "date": "2014-08-10", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "N\u00e9e sourde et aveugle en 1895, Marie Heurtin, \u00e2g\u00e9e de 14 ans, est incapable de communiquer. Son p\u00e8re, modeste artisan, se r\u00e9sout \u00e0 l'emmener \u00e0 l'Institut de Larnay. L\u00e0, une jeune religieuse, s\u0153ur Marguerite, se fait fort de s'occuper d'elle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kZePULh37vNgDbujoYlczwDB4B8.jpg", "actors": ["Isabelle Carr\u00e9 (Sister Marguerite)", "Ariana Rivoire (Marie)", "Brigitte Catillon (Mother Superior)", "Laure Duthilleul (Madame Heurtin)", "Martine Gautier (Sister V\u00e9ronique)", "Sonia Laroze (Sister Elisabeth)", "Patricia Legrand (Sister Joseph)", "Christophe Tourrette (The Priest of Mazi\u00e8re)", "Gilles Treton (Monsieur Heurtin)", "No\u00e9mie Bianco (Soeur Anne)", "Eline De Lorenzi (Soeur Clothilde)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A unique tale of a student-teacher relationship.\r\n\r\nI did not know this movie till the last week, but I'm very happy that I discovered it. My experience watching it was like I have been waiting for a movie like this for a some time, but did not realise it until I saw it. I liked it a lot within the opening few minutes itself like I already finished watching the whole film. Because somehow I knew it will make my day. It is a heartwarming biographical family drama that tells about a girl who discovers that she can communicate with the world and can learn more about it, despite her birth defects.\r\n\r\nBased on the real story of a 14 year old blind and deaf girl Marie Heurtin that sets in the late 1800s rural France. As being a daughter of a craftsman who does not know how to raise a child like her, decides to send her to the Larnay institution where she can learn things among similar other girls and live a better life. After the initial hiccup, sister Marguerite takes the special interest in Marie and so the wonderful tale begins by revealing all the good, bad and sad events.\r\n\r\nA fascinating film with the wonderful characters, especially the two main characters were the focus of the whole film and no one else, not even a small peek on any other incidents. From a wild child to getting along, knowing the world is much bigger and learning it is the only way to cooperate. But when there is a dedicated teacher, students achieve more than what they dreamed of.\r\n\r\nThe actors who played those roles were exceptional. Especially the Marie's was very challenging one, but was so perfectly done by young new face. And Marguerite was the inspiring young nun that every convent in the world would dream to have under their wings. There are thousands of Marie and Marguerite in the world who never meet, that's why this movie is so special.\r\n\r\n> \"I am so happy. I will see Marie again. She is my joy, the daughter of my soul, the light of my life.\"\r\n\r\nThe French countryside where this film shot was so beautiful. The cinematography was at its best with a pleasing background score. While having so much fun, it also brings some intense tears in our eyes. Not like sentimental stuff, but happy tears. There comes a time for it as well when the movie gets emotional in the final stage of the storytelling. Like when it goes beyond the our reach, that makes us to accept the fate of what every life has to go through.\r\n\r\nI have heard that some are arguing the story was merely true, especially some of the scenes were overly cinematised. If you see it in that angle most of the historical event based films suffers the same issues while portraying the actual event or the character on the screen. Nonetheless, it is true and obviously modified for the adaptation.\r\n\r\nI have also heard it was totally resembling the Helen Keller's autobiography 'The Story of My Life' which was later made into a Hollywood movie that won both leading and supporting actress awards at the Oscars. Now I added that into my watchlist. Likewise the lead two actresses from this deserves similar high profile honour. But it is very sad to know the movie got much less attention despite it got a quality to strike the family audiences.\r\n\r\nAnyway, I thoroughly enjoyed the film. Lately I've been watching some interesting films. Better way to say it is I'm choosing good one, because I am not addicted to superhero, Hollywood or the big budget films alone like most of the young film fanatics are nowadays. I am here to find the hidden gems and suggest them to film fanatics. Now I highly recommend this one to all\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52474, 410974, 351095, 26232]}