{"tmdb_id": 286837, "title": "Irrtum des Herzens", "original_title": "Irrtum des Herzens", "slug_title": "irrtum-des-herzens", "date": "1939-08-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "On the afternoon of Christmas Eve, Sister Angelika bids her boss, Professor Reimers, farewell, for she has quit her post.  Reimers doesn\u2019t understand the reason for this and since she won\u2019t say a word as to why she\u2019s quit, he asks her to spend the evening with him and his son Konrad.  Konrad, however, wanted to take advantage of the holiday to bring his divorced parents back together and sends Angelika packing as soon as she reaches the house.  Disappointed and sad, she drives to the airport to meet Captain van Santen, who also invited her to spend the holiday.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c6rQ2uhoECcZ9krFd4vtN3jy4sc.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Hartmann (Professor Reimers)", "Leny Marenbach (Angelika)", "Hans S\u00f6hnker (Flugkapit\u00e4n van Santen)", "K\u00e4the Dorsch (Oberin)", "Grethe Weiser (Therese)", "Alice Treff (Erika B\u00fcttner)", "Albert Florath (Steinmeyer)", "Wolf Ackva (Dr. Smolny)", "Walter Janssen (Dr.Erwin B\u00fcttner)", "Karl Ludwig Schreiber (Konrad Reimers)", "Karl Etlinger (Dr. Leitgerber)", "Josefine Dora (Nikolaus)", "Werner Pledath (Dr. Eickst\u00e4dt)", "Wilhelm Bendow (Straa\u00dfenbahnschaffner)", "Reinhold Bernt (Dr. Reithofer)", "C. B\u00f6nhstedt ()", "Arthur Fritz Eugens (Helmuth)", "J. F\u00fcrstenberg ()", "Richard Ludwig ()", "M. Scheinpflug ()", "Hans Joachim Sch\u00f6lermann ()", "Willi Schur (Kantinenwirt)", "Albert Venohr ()", "Ewald Wenck (Kutscher)", "Helene Westphal ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}