{"tmdb_id": 286875, "title": "Paper Planes", "original_title": "Paper Planes", "slug_title": "paper-planes", "date": "2014-09-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un \u00e9colier surmonte le chagrin qu'il \u00e9prouve apr\u00e8s la mort de sa m\u00e8re en faisant des avions en papier. Un passe-temps qu'il lui fera atteindre le championnat national.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wpcAApL7oydxKeU2TR5y2RwNQ78.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Worthington (Jack)", "Ed Oxenbould (Dylan)", "Deborah Mailman (Maureen)", "Nicholas Bakopoulos-Cooke (Jason)", "Ena Imai (Kimi)", "Terry Norris (Grandpa)", "Peter Rowsthorn (Mr. Hickenlooper)", "Julian Dennison (Kevin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A hope of flight to begin life again in the sorrow.\r\n\r\nSometimes we wanted to like the movie, because it was inspiring, family friendly, great cast, performances and so on, but something stops you. Not because of hatred, but the other end of the dislike, i.e., too much tenderness and packed with full of cliches. This Aussie film was one those, a very good concept and I would definitely recommend it, especially for children and families, but seemed everything was plain with no surprises.\r\n\r\nPartially based on the real events. A young boy named Dylan who lives in Perth, the Western Australia with his dad discovers his skills on the paper plane making and launching. Soon begins to focus it on the professional level by aiming for the junior level competition to represent his country in the upcoming world championship held in Tokyo. How far this unexpected success would take him and how it would help to fix his grieving family is the entire story.\r\n\r\nRight from the beginning you would know all those going to happen in the length x breadth of the movie. So the spoilers and synopsis won't hurt much if you are yet to watch it. Even the characters planned like that way. For example the boy's friendship with a hawk was not coincidental for this particular movie theme and also his grandpa was a world war 2 pilot. I already lost my interest at that point, but I was unable to dislike this little cute and rare film. I carried on because the boy's courage and passion for the paper planes was not just for his ownness, but everyone around him that gives a change to change.\r\n\r\n> \"Okay. Here's my advice.\r\n> Study everything that flies. (Snaps fingers)\"\r\n\r\nThere are plenty of mini sub-plots. Anti-bullying was one of the best things and the three different kinds of friendships; a boy from the neighborhood, a girl from the competition and with a bird. The father was kind of depressing and a bad example, but had a good reason for that. That boy's every action was directed to his father to make him look back. Well, the father was Sam Worthington, whose role was insignificant compared to his star value. It influenced to raise the movie value, especially the marketing which makes people come and watch it, but overall he was decent.\r\n\r\nOkay, fine, to this point all I said about, but missing realism was unable to accept. I'm talking about the flights of the paper planes. It's not like 50 years ago, today we got the very best CGI at production level, that mean you can't omit the actuality and go for the extravaganza. That would work well for commercial films, and this was not one of those. It was suppose to encourage the kids and it did in a way, I appreciate that. Not the best children or Aussie flick that I saw in this mansoon. Eventhough I had a mixing feeling on this, I quite enjoyed watching it and I hope your opinion would differ to what I said in this review.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [172539, 499802, 471155, 346638], "youtube_key": "h00GHmlFjCs"}