{"tmdb_id": 287118, "title": "Pothan Vava", "original_title": "\u0d2a\u0d4b\u0d24\u0d4d\u0d24\u0d28\u0d4d\u200d \u0d35\u0d3e\u0d35", "slug_title": "pothan-vava", "date": "2006-12-21", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Vava, son of Kurishuveettil Mariamma, a lawyer popularly known as Vakeelamma.  When Vava is selected to head the festivities for the year, the Thekkeyangaadi group objects saying that Vava, born to a Christian Mother and a Brahmin father (Melpathoor Vishnu Narayanan Namboothiri, a singer), was never baptized, and so could not head the festivities. Following this objection Vava decides to get baptized, but Vakeelamma says that he must first seek his father's permission.  Vava goes to see his father who is now a renowned singer. He is welcomed by his father's manager Sivankutty, Sivankutty's sister Gayathri and others. But there is someone who wants to see Vava dead. Sivan Kutty kills Namboothiri. Vava kills Sivan for revenge. So for the rituals Vava becomes Brahman. He gets arrested and his mother starts backing up into the fire and dies.  Soon after his prison sentence, the warring faction set their difference aside and invite Vava to head the church festivities", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2kIx3GIZR1pi6cLdEPo7LnLluBq.jpg", "actors": ["Mammootty (Pothan Vava)", "Gopika (Adv. Gladis)", "Usha Uthup (Kurisuveettil Mariyamma)", "Nedumudi Venu (Meppattor Vishnu Narayanan Nampoothiri)", "Samvrutha Sunil (Gayathri)", "Bijukuttan (Mathai)", "Rajan P Dev (Vakkachan)", "George (Antochan)", "Maniyanpilla Raju (Paulachan)", "Saikumar (Sivankutty)", "Kalasala Babu (The Priest)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [278221, 469302, 320742, 330492], "youtube_key": "notfound"}