{"tmdb_id": 287275, "title": "The Night in Venice", "original_title": "Die Nacht in Venedig", "slug_title": "the-night-in-venice", "date": "1942-04-02", "genre": ["Familial / Musique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The marriage of the celebrated operetta diva Vilma and the chamber singer Peter has come to an end.  Peter, however, is intent on winning back his now ex-wife.  So he\u2019s come up with the idea of a guest performance in Venice, where the two will both appear.  Vilma, however, has already found a new man \u2013 Niki.  He\u2019s a salesman and she wants to marry him.  With the help of Annemarie, a friend, who has won a trip to Venice, Peter succeeds in diverting Niki, for he falls in love with Annemarie.  Now the way is free for Peter to win back the ex-wife, who couldn\u2019t care if he lived in a hole six feet underground.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kSCpb1LRJlEQWmJkcsTZTzVAMDL.jpg", "actors": ["Heidemarie Hatheyer (Annemarie Ple\u00df, Stenotypistin)", "Lizzi Waldm\u00fcller (Operettendiva Vilma Berner)", "Hans Nielsen (Dr.Nikolaus Roll, genannt Niki, Kaufmann)", "Harald Paulsen (Kammers\u00e4nger Peter Laurenz)", "Erich Ponto (Direktor Arnold Richard Schmitz, Parf\u00fcmfabrikant)", "Paul Henckels (Direktor Winand, Parf\u00fcmfabrikant)", "Erika von Thellmann (Olly Hagen)", "Kurt Vespermann (Nicolo, Italienischer Theaterdirektor)", "Ursula Herking (Frl. K\u00f6berle, Sekret\u00e4rin bei Dr. Roll)", "Wilhelm P. Kr\u00fcger (Theaterinspizient)", "Edith Oss (Mizzi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}