{"tmdb_id": 287424, "title": "Maggie", "original_title": "Maggie", "slug_title": "maggie", "date": "2015-05-08", "genre": "Horreur / Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'une terrible pand\u00e9mie se propage \u00e0 travers les \u00c9tats-Unis, le gouvernement impose de placer les malades infect\u00e9s par le virus en quarantaine, o\u00f9 ils se transformeront en zombies, totalement retranch\u00e9s du monde. Lorsque Maggie, 16 ans, apprend qu'elle a \u00e9t\u00e9 contamin\u00e9e, elle s'enfuit. Mais son p\u00e8re, Wade Vogel, est d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 la retrouver et \u00e0 la prot\u00e9ger co\u00fbte que co\u00fbte, m\u00eame s'il lui faut affronter les forces de police...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/EyxXxO6pSVGyZaDqQaCECT4cHk.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (Wade Vogel)", "Abigail Breslin (Maggie Vogel)", "Joely Richardson (Caroline)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Ray)", "J.D. Evermore (Holt)", "Rachel Whitman Groves (Bonnie)", "Jodie Moore (Dr. Kaplan)", "Bryce Romero (Trent)", "Raeden Greer (Allie)", "Aiden Flowers (Bobby)", "Carson Flowers (Molly)", "Walter von Huene (Security Officer)", "Dana Gourrier (Woman in Scrubs)", "Amy Brassette (Lauretta)", "David A. Cole (Doctor)", "Mattie Liptak (Mason)", "Liann Pattison (Nurse)", "Maris Black (Nadine)", "Jessy Hughes (Holly)", "Denise Williamson (Barbara)", "Taylor Ashley Murphy (Candace)", "Colin Walker (Hospital Soldier)", "Ashley Nicole Hudson (Frightened Woman)", "P.J. Marshall (Ken)", "Brett Baker (Soldier #1)", "Laura Cayouette (Linda)", "Peter Oldring (Voiceover Talent (voice))", "Brian T. Delaney (Voiceover Talent (voice))", "Cindy Robinson (Voiceover Talent (voice))", "Kirk Thornton (Voiceover Talent (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A tale of a father who stood by his daughter till the final.\r\n\r\nThe zombie apocalyptic drama that centres around a father-daughter relationship. When the daughter is infected by the necroa virus which turns humans into the cannibalistic, the loving father stands by her side, but how long is the remaining film.\r\n\r\nOne of the blacklisted screenplay and a low budget film that surprised me for having Arnie on-board. Chloe Grace Moretz was supposed to play the title character, would have been definitely a perfect fit. Because I've seen her excellence in the 'Carrie' remake, anyway her replace Abigail Breslin did perform well.\r\n\r\nI had seen many movies of Arnold Schwarzenegger, but as I remember this is the first time seen him in a casual, realistic and emotional outfit. Maybe his age is restricting him from taking up the tough roles to play as what he was known for, but still I'm happy that he's doing movies that fits him right now.\r\n\r\nFor the one reason it is called a horror and you know why, but it was not horrifying. A slow paced simplest zombie movie. Enjoyable film for the sake of the cast, yet forgettable and move on kind of flick.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [243688, 338676, 243940, 184346]}