{"tmdb_id": 28758, "title": "Atlantis, Terre engloutie", "original_title": "Atlantis: the Lost Continent", "slug_title": "atlantis-terre-engloutie", "date": "1961-05-03", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans la Gr\u00e8ce antique le p\u00eacheur D\u00e9m\u00e9trios sauve d'une mort certaine une princesse atlante, Antilla, et ils deviennent amants. D\u00e9m\u00e9trios la suit au royaume d'Atlantis, mais il est emprisonn\u00e9 et mis en esclavage par Zaren, qui s'est empar\u00e9 du royaume du p\u00e8re d'Antilla. Zaren, diabolique et m\u00e9galo, transforme les esclaves en hommes-animaux fa\u00e7on \"Docteur Moreau\", et fait subir un traitement nucl\u00e9aire \u00e0 ses victimes pour annihiler leur volont\u00e9. Mais D\u00e9m\u00e9trios saura vaincre le despote.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rUjNnDFp4yPU4gOmdfp8bVk2GBC.jpg", "actors": ["Sal Ponti (Demetrios)", "Joyce Taylor (Princess Antillia)", "John Dall (Zaren)", "William Smith (Captain of the Guard)", "Edward Platt (Azor the High Priest)", "Frank De Kova (Sonoy the Astrologer)", "Berry Kroeger (Surgeon)", "Edgar Stehli (King Kronas)", "Jay Novello (Xandros the Greek Slave)", "Paul Frees (Narrator / Multiple Voices)", "Nestor Paiva (Megalos)", "John Hart (Nobleman)", "Phyllis Douglas (Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Incontinent or Lost Continent?\r\n\r\nIt's a George Pal film, who around this time in his career was playing fun with fantasy adventure films, even bringing some cartoonery and science into his equations. Atlantis, the Lost Continent is not a particularly good film, but it is a fun one if you have any sort of idea what to expect from this sort of production.\r\n\r\nPlot basically pitches a Greek fisherman to the task of bringing an Atlantean princess back to the supposed mythical city of Atlantis. He does, and soon wishes he hadn't since he is not welcomed and Atlantis might be coming to the end of its existence.\r\n\r\nIt starts off pretty badly, cheese acting and scenes looking dreadfully cheap. Yet once we get to Atlantis things perk up, with an array of weird inhabitants and nutty religion marrying up with some nutty science. It's colourful, while the effects work ranges wildly from good to bad; which is the same as the screenplay come to think of it (studio interference and writers strikes hamstrung Pal no doubt). It's more \"Z\" grade than \"B\" schlock grade, and as has been noted by critics, it does indeed look like a cheap Roman adventure dressed up under a mythical name. Yet it is still pleasant enough of a viewing experience, with some nifty action scenes and the brisk finale ensuring that is the case. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36642, 36855, 40721, 545957], "youtube_key": "zDCWnvBk-DI"}