{"tmdb_id": 28763, "title": "L'\u00cele de la terreur", "original_title": "Island of Terror", "slug_title": "l-ile-de-la-terreur", "date": "1966-06-20", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Entre The Earth Dies Screaming (1965) et La Nuit de la grande chaleur (1967), il s'agit d'un des trois r\u00e9cits de science-fiction r\u00e9alis\u00e9s par Terence Fisher dans cette p\u00e9riode. L'argument sc\u00e9naristique emprunte beaucoup \u00e0 la vague de films am\u00e9ricains sur le th\u00e8me de l'invasion extraterrestre de la d\u00e9cennie 1950.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zHp1wEI7b2SdgYV8NRZJbM0vIRU.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Cushing (Dr. Brian Stanley)", "Edward Judd (Dr. David West)", "Carole Gray (Toni Merrill)", "Eddie Byrne (Dr. Reginald Landers)", "Sam Kydd (Constable John Harris)", "Niall MacGinnis (Mr. Roger Campbell)", "James Caffrey (Peter Argyle)", "Liam Gaffney (Ian Bellows)", "Roger Heathcote (Dunley)", "Keith Bell (Halsey)", "Margaret Lacey (Old Woman)", "Peter Forbes-Robertson (Dr. Lawrence Phillips)", "Shay Gorman (Morton)", "Richard Bidlake (Carson)", "Edward Ogden (Helicopter Pilot)", "Joyce Hemson (Mrs. Bellows)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Day of the Silicates!\r\n\r\nThe island of the title is under threat from silicate creatures who were born out of experiments to cure cancer. The creatures feed off of bones, animal or human, so this tiny island community is in grave danger.\r\n\r\nIt's as bonkers as it sounds, a sci-fi horror of such ridiculous notions, it can't fail to entertain genre loving fans. Terence Fisher directs and Peter Cushing stars, in what was a break from Hammer Films for the both of them. The creatures are rubbery blobs with one deadly tentacle weaving their deadly damage, they also bleed noodle soup. They move at a snails pace, which makes you wonder why the humans holed up in one Rio Bravo type situation, actually don't just out-run the damn beasties. But wait! These things can somehow climb up buildings and trees, the scientific possibility is really too nutty to comprehend! But it's so much fun, and there's Cushing (was he ever bad in anything?) holding court whilst others around him act at a level befitting the material.\r\n\r\nIt's no hidden gem or anything, but if you like the likes of Day of the Triffids and The Monster That Challenged the World, then this should punch your joy joy genre buttons. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30793, 42745, 41020, 23220], "youtube_key": "WkIdKrSgmSg"}