{"tmdb_id": 287628, "title": "Theeb\u200e\u200e", "original_title": "Theeb\u200e\u200e", "slug_title": "theeb", "date": "2014-09-04", "genre": "Aventure / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le jeune Theeb vit avec son grand fr\u00e8re Hussein dans un campement de B\u00e9douins en plein d\u00e9sert. Lorsque son fr\u00e8re est charg\u00e9 de guider un officier britannique vers un vieux puits abandonn\u00e9, Theeb veut les suivre. Ce sera le d\u00e9but d'une aventure qui changera Theeb \u00e0 tout jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/IN1BQbb1OhEgU1XG6Y71sgbzsL.jpg", "actors": ["Jacir Eid (Theeb)", "Hassan Mutlag (The Stranger)", "Hussein Salameh (Hussein)", "Marji Audeh ()", "Jack Fox (Edward)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> About a young boy from the wild middle-east.\r\n\r\nRight away seeing this film I was confident that it definitely would get nominated for the Oscars. Yesterday (14-01-2016) AMPAS announced the list and I got confirmed that. Born and raised away from their motherland, after learning filmmaking in the west they returned to the root to make films about the native culture and history.\r\n\r\nOne such example was the recent Ethiopian film 'Difret' that brought on screen the gruesome culture still practiced and now this. These films are the hidden gems, something we won't get regularly in Japanese, English, German, Russian, et cetera films, due to variation in culture, history and geographical diversity.\r\n\r\nThis film is set in the year 1916, exactly a hundred years ago from now. But due to take place in the hot desert with gun fights, it looked a lot like a western genre. A story about a young boy named Theeb. When he went along with his elder brother to guide a British officer to a classified destination, he gets stranded and had to face some troubles to get back safely to his tribe.\r\n\r\nRight from the beginning it focused only Theeb, but that's when he caught between during the World War I tension and some domestic conflict over pilgrim related. There's no clear picture what those are all about, especially if you got no knowledge about the history of this part of the earth. But something was sure that the British officer was looking for his regiment. So they became the subplots as the boy and his struggle was told through his eyes which is the prime plot. A simple tale, but everything was described through the actions, not the with the words.\r\n\r\n> \"The strong eat the weak.\"\r\n\r\nThere were sufficient violence in the tale, but still not that brutal as we've seen in some of the major Hollywood flicks about the two World Wars. Considering the timeline of this narration and revolutionary movement, all makes sense, especially knowing a child involved in it. I don't know whether it was based on the real, but the depiction was natural and that's the commitment paid off very well in the end.\r\n\r\nYou won't feel like you're watching some middle-eastern film, more like a Hollywood or British film that borrowed cast and story with the original language from that region. I felt that way for many reasons and one of that was the awesome background score. And the landscapes, nothing less than the recent CGI extravaganza 'The Martian'. It's not red, but actual Arabian desert that very well utilised to narrate the plot.\r\n\r\nCompletely in Arabic language, but there're a very few English lines. It's not anything about related to religion and culture, but survival and revenge. Incidentally, this story and 'Lawrence of Arabia' takes place in the same year. I feel there's a connection between these two, not by mean officially, but like all the WWI and WWII films has the connections respectively. The common thing here was the Arab revolution, so I think this one is only the other side of the story of the title I mentioned in a very small scale.\r\n\r\nInitially I thought it might be overrated like the last year's Oscars nominee 'Timbuktu'. But good to know it was much better, the opening 10-15 minutes looked so different and then I came to know it was only an introduction to what comes after.\r\n\r\nExcellently written and beautiful cinematography, as well it definitely does not look like the director debuting with this. It's great effort from both the cast and the crew. I congratulate the whole team for earning the Oscars nod. And for you guys, it is a very good movie and I hope you are going to watch it after reading my review.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [358913, 123648, 336200, 81529]}