{"tmdb_id": 287689, "title": "7 Days in Hell", "original_title": "7 Days in Hell", "slug_title": "7-days-in-hell", "date": "2015-07-11", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A fictional documentary-style expose on the rivalry between two tennis stars who battled it out in a 1999 match that lasted seven days.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/isWRoDiOlB9kX1CGqBmmfJ4djCu.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Samberg (Aaron Williams)", "Kit Harington (Charles Poole)", "Jon Hamm (Narrator)", "Michael Sheen (Caspian Wint)", "Karen Gillan (Lily Allsworth)", "Lena Dunham (Lanny Denver)", "Will Forte (Sandy Pickard)", "Fred Armisen (Edward Pudding)", "Mary Steenburgen (Louisa Poole)", "June Squibb (Queen Elizabeth)", "Serena Williams (Serena Williams)", "John McEnroe (John McEnroe)", "Howie Mandel (The Duke of Kent)", "David Copperfield (David Copperfield)", "Chris Evert (Chris Evert)", "Filip Hammar (Swedish TV Host)", "Dolph Lundgren (Himself)", "Jim Lampley (Jim Lampley)", "Soledad O'Brien (Soledad O'Brien)", "Chris Romano (Streaker (as Romanski))", "Lyssa Roberts (Wimbledon Streaker)", "Jared Rojo Meyer ()", "Charli Hayden ()", "Henrik Rutgersson (Swedish News Anchor)", "Jerry Gregorio (Ball Boy (uncredited))", "Lori Morkunas Jones (Onlooker (uncredited))", "Destiny Soria (Onlooker (uncredited))", "Ludwig Manukian (Foreign News Anchor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It wasn't even a match. It was something else.**\r\n\r\nThis is a 45 minute mockumentary made for the television that was aired on HBO last year. Directed by a some television director, who recently made his feature film comedy, 'Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates'. It is an American film, but the story takes place in England.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of two top tennis players who class for a big match that lasts for the 7 days. You heard me right, the film reveals how the game was dragged for a week and in between that, some flashback clips and interviews were attached.\r\n\r\nThe film sets in the 2001, but when you look at the settings, particularly the players' appearances that gives the impression of the 70s or maybe the 80s. Whatever, it was so good, miles ahead to those real comedies from the recent time. The jokes were amazing, sometime I laughed loudly out of the control.\r\n\r\nI think they designed this story and its characters so well. The actors, totally nailed it. I usually like Andy Samberg's films and his performances, but for the first time I liked him for real. If you ask me, I would say this is his best film so far I'd seen. Sadly, it was not a theatrical film.\r\n\r\nLooks like the director aimed it for a short film, as he has made plenty of them prior to this. But I appreciated him for making it as an independent television episode with a fine length where he developed the story and its character brilliantly.\r\n\r\n> \"This is like nothing I've ever seen. Spectacular! Absolutely spectacular!\"\r\n\r\nLess than an hour, but the entire film was shot within the three days of time without compromising on the production quality. The actors too were not amateurs while displaying their sporting skills. Since it is a comedy, that could have been neglected, but really well done drafting those scenes accurately.\r\n\r\nRecently Andy Samberg did another mockumentary on the music theme called 'Popstar; Never Stop Never Stooping', but looking at this one and its success, there won't be any surprise it is going to be turned into a feature film-come-mockumentary.\r\n\r\nOf course the preference was given more to Andy's role, but Kit Harrington was equally amazing. He's in a very important role and I think between these two, it reminded me the Nadal and Federrer taking on each other.\r\n\r\nThere are some guest appearances which were very crucial for this tale to narrate what it wanted to tell in the most comedic way as much as possible. So there's no way you end up unsatisfied, but you should be open minded for that.\r\n\r\nI was surprised by the overall film, Because I was not expecting it to be so smart, at a time funny as well. Definitely this film is for the grownups, because there are many adult jokes with unexpected nudities and sexes. But who cares, if you are old enough, just enjoy what it offers.\r\n\r\nFrom the great title to the wonderful performances to the beautiful writing, this is definitely a must see. I hope you won't miss, especially if you are a tennis fan, you would find it a lot funnier than the others. My final word is, recommended!\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [458506, 176039, 52067, 369846], "youtube_key": "rpsMi3Q2fok"}