{"tmdb_id": 287947, "title": "Shazam!", "original_title": "Shazam!", "slug_title": "shazam", "date": "2019-03-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "On a tous un super-h\u00e9ros qui sommeille au fond de soi\u2026 il faut juste un peu de magie pour le r\u00e9veiller. Pour Billy Batson, gamin d\u00e9brouillard de 14 ans lac\u00e9 dans une famille d'accueil, il suffit de crier \"Shazam !\" pour se transformer en super-h\u00e9ros. Ado dans un corps d'adulte sculpt\u00e9 \u00e0 la perfection, Shazam s'\u00e9clate avec ses tout nouveaux superpouvoirs. Est-il capable de voler ? De voir \u00e0 travers n'importe quel type de mati\u00e8re ? De faire jaillir la foudre de ses mains ? Et de sauter son examen de sciences sociales ? Shazam repousse les limites de ses facult\u00e9s avec l'insouciance d'un enfant. Mais il lui faudra ma\u00eetriser rapidement ses pouvoirs pour combattre les forces des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres du Dr Thaddeus Sivana\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xnopI5Xtky18MPhK40cZAGAOVeV.jpg", "actors": ["Zachary Levi (Shazam)", "Jack Dylan Grazer (Freddy Freeman)", "Mark Strong (Doctor Thaddeus  Sivana)", "Asher Angel (Billy Batson)", "Djimon Hounsou (The Wizard)", "Grace Fulton (Mary Bromfield)", "Faithe Herman (Darla Dudley)", "Ian Chen (Eugene Choi)", "Jovan Armand (Pedro Pe\u00f1a)", "Cooper Andrews (Victor Vasquez)", "Marta Milans (Rosa Vasquez)", "Adam Brody (Super Hero Freddy)", "Michelle Borth (Super Hero Mary)", "Meagan Good (Super Hero Darla)", "Ross Butler (Super Hero Eugene)", "D.J. Cotrona (Super Hero Pedro)", "John Glover (Sivana's Father)", "Ethan Pugiotto (Dr. Sivana (1974))", "Caroline Palmer (Billy's Mom)", "Carson MacCormac (Brett Bryer)", "Lotta Losten (Dr. Lynn Crosby)", "David F. Sandberg (Mr Mind (Voice)/ The Husband (Voice) / Gangster Crocodiles)", "Andi Osho (Ms. EB Glover)", "Natalia Safran (Mrs. Sivana)", "David J. MacNeil (Mr. Bryer)", "Lou Lou Safran (Sivana's Twin Daughters)", "Ava Preston (Lillian Price)", "David Kohlsmith (Young Billy)", "Manuel Rodriguez-Saenz (Luis Pichardo)", "Ali Badshah (Mehmet Kotil)", "Simon Northwood (Businessman)", "Lovina Yavari (Store Clerk)", "Rachel Boyd (Senior Girl)", "Jim Pagiamtzis (Night Club Patron)", "Emily Nixon (Another Woman)", "Raul Torres (Pedrestian)", "Jhaleil Swaby (Passing Teen)", "Jackson Reid (Little Boy)", "Bryce Arden Poe (Student #1)", "Tosh Robertson (Student #3)", "Pearl Ho (Carnival Goer #2)", "Cassandra Ebner (Bus Passenger #2)", "Stephanie Hawkins (Bus Passenger #6)", "Angelica Lisk-Hann (Bus Passenger #7)", "Jesse Bond (Father at Carnival)", "Harper Gunn (Little Girl at Carnival)", "Evan Marsh (Burke Breyer)", "Kerri Kamara (Attractive Lady)", "Leon Oliveira Martins (Man at Carnival)", "Nilce Moretto (Woman at Carnival)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "garethmb", "content": "Growing up I was a regular viewer of the Shazam and Isis \u201cSuper Power Hour\u201d on television. Back before the days of mega-budgeted Super Hero movies; we had to content ourselves with cartoons and low budget television offerings which did their best to capture the look and action of comic characters within the budget and technology limits they had to deal with.\r\nWarner Bros. has brought their latest DC hero to the big screen with \u201cShazam!\u201d and it looks to launch a new franchise for the studio and build on the success of \u201cWonder Woman\u201d and \u201cAquaman\u201d following some earlier disappointments with their planned hero franchise films.\r\nThe film follows the story of young Billy Batson (Asher Angel), who has grown up in and fled several Foster Homes after being lost at a Carnival years earlier and unable to find his mother. Billy has never stopped trying to find her and even takes extreme measures to try to find her that has gotten him in trouble with the law.\r\nWhile trying to stick up for a family member at his latest Foster Home; Billy is forced to flee from some local goons and finds himself facing an ancient Wizard (Djimon Honsou; who tells him he will now have superior powers when he speaks his name as he is now a guardian against the forces of evil.\r\nBilly does not believe this but upon uttering the name; he transforms into a powerful hero in adult form. Zach Levi plays the title hero and soon finds himself eager to test his new powers and his Super Hero obsessed Foster Brother is more than happy to mentor him and make all sorts of viral videos of his efforts and training.\r\nTheir efforts soon draw the attention of an evil individual (Mark Strong), who covets the power Billy has for himself as along with the Seven Deadly Sins; he looks to become an unstoppable force for evil and sets out to destroy all that stands in his way.\r\nThe film is aimed more for a younger audience as much of the humor is squarely focused on Middle School level jokes. There are more than a few references to \u201cBig\u201d along the way which does sum up a good portion of the backstory as when he is in hero form; the young boy without a family is a popular and dynamic adult.\r\nIn many ways this was one of the more odd aspects of the film. Billy is a dour and untrusting individual most of the time; however when he is hero form he is a jovial and goofy individual who acts like a teenager. I could see an increase in confidence but it is odd considering that they are the same person.\r\nLevi is very energetic in the part and goes all in and he does a great job of conveying a kid in a man\u2019s body. The biggest issue with the film is that there is mostly a lot of humor aimed at a much younger audience and large gaps with minimal action which made sitting through numerous childish antics a bit tedious at times.\r\nDespite this; the film was entertaining and one of the better adaptions of a comic. The door is wide open for future adventures and I look forward to seeing what they come up with next.\r\n3.5 stars out of 5"}, {"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my spoiler-free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nFirst of all, I didn\u2019t know anything about Shazam. What his powers were, what story did he have \u2026 Basically, I didn\u2019t know who he was. This is what David F. Sandberg\u2018s movie does best: introduce the audience to a new DC superhero, by delivering an uncommonly well-structured comic-book screenplay, packed with laughter and entertaining action. Zachary Levi is undoubtedly the standout! Not only is he hilarious, but he perfectly captures the childlike personality that a kid-turned-adult would have. His expressions of absolute surprise and awe of his powers are extremely precious, and he effortlessly carries the more lighthearted tone on his shoulders.\r\n\r\nAsher Angel is brilliant as Billy Batson. His character has a notably well-written and well-explored backstory, which eventually justifies the person he has become. It\u2019s the most emotional and heartfelt subplot of the film (probably the only one, really), and Henry Gayden did a fantastic job writing its script. It doesn\u2019t feel cliche or over-the-top, it actually feels grounded and quite realistic. Jack Dylan Grazer plays his best friend, Freddy Freeman, and he\u2019s the primary source of self-aware comedy. He knows all the cliches regarding superheroes and supervillains, so his jokes constantly land and play seamlessly into the last act.\r\n\r\nUsually, villains tend to be hollow characters with paper-thin motivations, but since a few years ago, this issue has gradually been corrected. The latest comic-book movies have incredibly well-developed villains, who carry a compelling backstory that entirely supports their beliefs, but not their actions. This type of villains work because not only the audience can understand where they come from, but in some cases, they can even connect with and care about them. Dr. Thaddeus Sivana is not exactly someone the audience ends up caring about, but his backstory is emotionally powerful enough for us to understand where his motivations originate from. Mark Strong delivers a menacing performance, and his costume/make-up looks pretty badass.\r\n\r\nThe first act is kind of a mixed bag. It starts in a very captivating way, and once you understand who\u2019s the character at the center, it gets even better. However, the film\u2019s tone takes long to establish itself, and the beginning of the movie struggles to find which jokes land and which don\u2019t. The humor is on-point throughout the rest of the runtime, but those first few jokes not so much, which threw me off a little bit. The action sequences are amazing, and the sound design allows the audience to feel every punch, kick, a fall on the ground or a Superman-ish take-off. The fight sequences are seamlessly edited, and you know how much I love well-choreographed or well-edited action scenes.\r\n\r\nShazam\u2018s search for his powers provides the funniest and most entertaining moments of the film. Each test that he puts himself through is both hilarious and informative. This is another aspect of the screenplay I love so much: they had several ideas of how to approach this segment, and they nailed every single execution. From the pop-culture references to the hero-villain cliches, Sandberg did a terrific job exploring those concepts, and he executed them flawlessly. The best jokes are the ones that can be funny on different levels for different people. If people can laugh at a particular scene solely due to it, but other people can laugh even more because that moment means so much more to them, that\u2019s when you know a joke is perfect. Shazam is not only funny for comic-book fans, everyone can leave the theater entertained and jolly.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s still a straightforward superhero movie. There\u2019s still a villain to defeat, and the film goes through all of the cliches that it makes so much fun of. Everyone knows how it\u2019s going to develop, plot point by plot point, a few minutes in. Not that I consider this a flaw, it\u2019s just \u2026 It is what it is. The final battle drags too much, and it keeps ending and restarting every five minutes. It does have a pretty cool conclusion, but it takes a bit too long to get there. Also, and I know that this is one of those logical nitpicks that CinemaSins are known for digging, but the flashbacks and time-jumps could have received better treatment concerning the age of the characters. One thing is to think that the characters would look much older/younger than what they display on-screen, but when they make them look exactly the same in the span of 30/40 years \u2026 Not so acceptable.\r\n\r\nAll in all, Shazam is a blast! It\u2019s the most entertaining movie I\u2019ve seen so far this year, and it\u2019s freaking hilarious. It continues the comic-book films trend to change how villains are written, by delivering a well-developed bad guy, menacingly portrayed by Mark Strong. Every member of the cast gives a strong performance, but Zachary Levi steals the show. His whimsical attitude, reckless personality, and rich facial expressions are guaranteed to entertain you for most of the runtime. Asher Angel and Jack Dylan Grazer are outstanding as the young kids, and the former\u2019s backstory carries emotional impact which passes on to the big guy he transforms himself into.\r\n\r\nThe action is packed with beautifully-edited sequences, powerful sound design, and cool, unique moments, but the supposedly climactic final battle drags too much. The first act struggles to find its rhythm and its tone, but once it gets going, it\u2019s an exceptional journey. The best praise I can give Sandberg\u2018s movie is that I didn\u2019t know anything about Shazam before entering the theater, and now I can\u2019t wait for its sequel. Well-directed, well-written and remarkably entertaining. What more can I ask? Go see it!\r\n\r\nRating: B+"}, {"pseudo": "Myles", "content": "It's entertaining, it has heart, and it's joyful. It has been proven time and time again that these things are what is required for a good Superhero film."}], "recommandations_id": [299537, 299534, 324857, 297802], "youtube_key": "go6GEIrcvFY"}