{"tmdb_id": 287903, "title": "Krampus", "original_title": "Krampus", "slug_title": "krampus", "date": "2015-11-26", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Quand Max voit sa famille peu exemplaire se disputer \u00e0 l'approche de No\u00ebl, le gar\u00e7on d\u00e9cide d'ignorer la c\u00e9l\u00e9bration, sans se rendre compte que ce manquement \u00e0 la tradition va provoquer les foudres de Krampus, un d\u00e9mon ancestral bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 punir les r\u00e9fractaires. La situation tourne en enfer quand les figures de No\u00ebl prennent monstrueusement vie, lan\u00e7ant l'assaut sur la maison de Max et for\u00e7ant les membres de sa famille \u00e0 s'entraider s'ils esp\u00e8rent sauver leur peau.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/27SiV4EBHcTBMz4IKANjhX5iIoX.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Scott (Tom Engel)", "Toni Collette (Sarah Engel)", "Allison Tolman (Linda)", "David Koechner (Howard)", "Emjay Anthony (Max Engel)", "Stefania LaVie Owen (Beth Engel)", "Queenie Samuel (Jordan)", "Conchata Ferrell (Aunt Dorothy)", "Luke Hawker (Krampus)", "Ivy George (Cherub)", "Sophie Gannon (Hero Dark Elf)", "Krista Stadler (Omi)", "Trevor Bau (Dark Elf)", "Gideon Emery (Krampus (voice))", "Maverick Flack (Howie Jnr)", "Felicity Hamill (Dark Elf)", "Tess Jamieson-Karaha (Wasp Mother)", "Lolo Owen (Stevie)", "Gareth Ruck (Dark Elf)", "Leith Towers (Derek)", "Chi Jiajia Lim (Extra (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A creepy Christmas tale of a family.\r\n\r\nProbably no one would have anticipated it, this is a surprise movie, especially being an anti-Christmas theme. Possibly the one last time I enjoyed was a Finnish film called 'Rare Export', that's the name came in my mind after watching this. I also could not believe this rated PG13, well it differs in other countries. Of course, there are plenty of intensified frightening scenes, even for the adults, but no gores. The violence parts were well edited/shot, yet it makes sure they're still part of the story without showing them. I think it was a smart filmmaking keeping in mind the family audience. So in the end, I guess it paid off well.\r\n\r\nI did not know the plot, as well as a few words that referred in the movie. But while watching it, I was worried about the graphics, because this is not a big budget film. Even the cast was not from the top league. Overall, it achieved a good result, that's the point. There are no major flaws as well, and the small ones can be easily ignorable. Because on the other side the movie provides a good suspenseful entertainment that makes you not to move the body or the eyeballs. After I'm saying all these, you should at least consider giving it a shot. But remember there's no story in it, it was constructed on a panic situation during the heavy blizzard when one after another begin to disappear.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [23202, 312831, 329440, 243688], "youtube_key": "9k-uig5obaA"}