{"tmdb_id": 287948, "title": "Le Transporteur : H\u00e9ritage", "original_title": "The Transporter Refueled", "slug_title": "le-transporteur-heritage", "date": "2015-09-03", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Frank Martin, un ex-mercenaire des forces sp\u00e9ciales, est aujourd\u2019hui sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans le transport de colis top secrets pour des clients pas toujours recommandables. Alors que son p\u00e8re lui rend visite dans le sud de la France, Frank se retrouve entra\u00een\u00e9 dans un braquage par Anna, cliente myst\u00e9rieuse et manipulatrice, et ses trois partenaires. Pr\u00e9cipit\u00e9 au c\u0153ur d\u2019une vendetta impitoyable men\u00e9e par ces quatre femmes fatales, et tandis que l\u2019ombre de la mafia russe plane sur la Riviera, Frank devra plus que jamais faire appel \u00e0 ses talents de pilote et de s\u00e9ducteur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zW7oC3tucYLzu77xNbPbYjXUN4o.jpg", "actors": ["Ed Skrein (Frank Martin)", "Ray Stevenson (Frank Senior)", "Loan Chabanol (Anna)", "Gabriella Wright (Gina)", "Tatjana Pajkovi\u0107 (Maria)", "Wenxia Yu (Qiao)", "Radivoje Bukvi\u0107 (Arkady Karasov)", "No\u00e9mie Lenoir (Ma\u00efssa)", "Yuri Kolokolnikov (Yuri)", "Lenn Kudrjawizki (Leo Imasova)", "Samir Guesmi (Inspector Bectaoui)", "Anatole Taubman (Stanislas Turgin)", "Robbie Nock (Co-pilot Air Yuri)", "Michael Morris (Captain Guesdon)", "Nash Novcic (Ivan)", "Jochen H\u00e4gele (Bank Manager)", "C\u00e9dric Chevalme (Maintenance Engineer)", "J\u00e9r\u00f4me Zybala (Air Traffic Controller)", "St\u00e9phane Moreno Carpio (Airport Security Officer)", "Laurent Ferraro (Hospital Clerk)", "Jean-Baptiste Puech (Wine Store Clerk)", "Reginal Kudiwu (West African Pimp)", "Jua Amir (Robbie)", "Thibault Evrard (Max)", "Christophe Lavalle (Policeman)", "Micka\u00ebl Collart (Policeman)", "Christophe Touraud (Policeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "OzDrDj", "content": "Its Not Jason Statham, Why Reboot a movie from last week that was already great. Statham is the Transporter, this is just a WOFTAM."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It's a women's revenge movie, definitely not a 'Transporter'.\r\n\r\nThere are hundreds of reasons to say it did not look like a fourth film in the 'Transporter' series. One such was the cast, especially the title role that replaced Jason Statham and the rest as well not very convincing. The stunts were just good, but sometimes it was annoying. The overall movie is even worse than the 'Agent 47'.\r\n\r\nFrom now on, this franchise will downgrade if they fail to bring back Statham. Recently plenty of franchise rebooted than ever, so I thought the fever hit for this one as well. But no, it is simply a next installment and worst part in the series from a far distance.\r\n\r\nI'm not against bringing a bunch of fresh faces and crew on board, but the structured planning was not good. The storytelling and especially it is missing the originality, the stylish tone that set by Mr Statham. That's how everyone remembers this franchise. All I wanted was to upgrade to a higher level by carrying the original legacy.\r\n\r\nI think, 'Transporter' is a trilogy. The following ones are simply the B films from the tier-two filmmakers to experiment with their skill under the limited budget. The announcement of the cast and crew for the next film will reveal whether it climb back to its glory or keep falling. But for now, to the 'Transporter' fans, it is done.\r\n\r\n4/10"}, {"pseudo": "Mick", "content": "Ed Skrein doesn't hold a candle to Jason Statham in this role, try though he might. The actual plot is not too bad, with I wouldn't say twists and turns, but maybe the odd curved ball. Some of the acting, though, is attrocious."}], "recommandations_id": [249070, 13387, 9335, 265208], "youtube_key": "w7RzoVChf_k"}