{"tmdb_id": 28801, "title": "Les s\u00e9vices de Dracula", "original_title": "Twins of Evil", "slug_title": "les-sevices-de-dracula", "date": "1971-10-03", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans l'Europe de l'Est du 19e si\u00e8cle : Les s\u0153urs Gellhorn sont orphelines et ont \u00e9t\u00e9 recueillies par leur oncle, puritain membre d'une secte de fanatiques chasseurs de sorci\u00e8res. Non loin de l\u00e0, vit le comte Karnstein, d\u00e9prav\u00e9 et adorateur du diable. L'une des s\u0153urs, Maria, est scandalis\u00e9e par l'aristocrate alors que l'autre, Frieda, \u00e9prouve une certaine fascination pour le libertin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yRQqooGvAveWpXJISVdmV0nL1ON.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Cushing (Gustav Weil)", "Madeleine Collinson (Frieda Gellhorn)", "Mary Collinson (Maria Gellhorn)", "Dennis Price (Dietrich)", "Damien Thomas (Count Karnstein)", "Katya Wyeth (Countess Mircalla)", "Maggie Wright (Alexa)", "David Warbeck (Anton Hoffer)", "Harvey Hall (Franz)", "Luan Peters (Gerta)", "Alex Scott (Hermann)", "Isobel Black (Ingrid Hoffer)", "Roy Stewart (Joachim)", "Kathleen Byron (Katy Weil)", "Peter Thompson (Gaoler)", "Shelagh Wilcocks (Lady in Coach)", "Inigo Jackson (Woodman)", "Judy Matheson (Woodman's Daughter)", "Kirsten Lindholm (Young Girl at Stake)", "George Claydon (Midget (uncredited))", "Janet Lynn (Schoolgirl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The evil that men do.\r\n\r\nThe final part of Hammer Films Karnstein Trilogy is in keeping with what made the studios output so readily embraced by the horror faithful. Based on characters created by Sheridan Le Fanu, Hammer take one of their vampire movies and add puritan witch-\r\nfinding into the mix as well.\r\n\r\nUpon the death of their parents identical twins Maria and Frieda Gellhorn are relocated to Karnstein in Central Europe to live with their Uncle Gustav Weil. Weil is a stern puritan who leads a fanatical bunch of witch-hunters known as the Brotherhood, this is a problem because the twins are going through sexual awakenings. Opposing the Brotherhood is the aristocracy, headed by Count Karnstein, a man of debauchery who is soon to sell his soul to the devil and drag one of the Gellhorn twins with him\u2026\r\n\r\nIt would be easy to assume that the twins of evil of the title are the two girls, here played with a nifty gimmick by real life playboy twins Mary and Madeline Collinson, but it\u2019s not the case. The girls are in the middle of two evils, wicked men on either side of them, God and Satan their respective keepers. This coupled with the political and religious sub-texts bubbling away, makes this a narratively smart picture.\r\n\r\nProduction values are high, with the smart period design and costuming given an atmospheric sheen by cinematographer Dick Bush. Director John Hough provides solid direction and smooth camera work, while Harry Robertson\u2019s music has the requisite olde world gothic about it. \r\n\r\nPeter Cushing heads the cast superbly as Weil, looking gaunt due to his personal tragedy, he mesmerises as a man increasingly crumbling under the weight of emotional confliction. Dennis Price others sturdy support but is done no favours by the writer (Tudour Gates) as he is under developed, while the twins themselves, their voices dubbed, are fine and able to put enough of a different slant on their characters for us viewers to know which one is which. Damien Thomas\u2019 lustily fanged count is not a particularly striking villain, and David Warbeck as the normal love interest is too weak an actor to convince in the role.\r\n\r\nOne of the better horrors from Hammer\u2019s 70s output. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3104, 39891, 31952, 39043], "youtube_key": "3_Ri5W6GmHU"}