{"tmdb_id": 288036, "title": "Jamais entre amis", "original_title": "Sleeping with Other People", "slug_title": "jamais-entre-amis", "date": "2015-06-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Les histoires d\u2019amour d\u00e9sastreuses de Lainey et Jake, 2 charmants New Yorkais. Se rencontrant 12 ans plus t\u00f4t lors d\u2019une folle nuit pass\u00e9e sur le toit de leur r\u00e9sidence universitaire, ce coureur de jupons et cette championne de l\u2019infid\u00e9lit\u00e9 se retrouvent au cours d\u2019une th\u00e9rapie sexuelle. Lainey et Jake se lient d\u2019amiti\u00e9. Et plus si affinit\u00e9s...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sT7WJ14n2tfU7ek9O1c0n2rVMbJ.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Sudeikis (Jake)", "Alison Brie (Lainey Dalton)", "Adam Scott (Matthew Sobvechik)", "Jason Mantzoukas (Xander)", "Natasha Lyonne (Kara)", "Adam Brody (Sam)", "Amanda Peet (Paula)", "Katherine Waterston (Emma)", "Marc Blucas (Chris)", "Margarita Levieva (Hannah)", "Andrea Savage (Naomi)", "Daniella Pineda (Danica)", "Remy Nozik (George)", "Megan Guinan (Alice)", "Anna Margaret Hollyman (Renee)", "Sawyer Shipman (Lyle)", "Margaret Odette (Thea)", "Skylar Gaertner (Oliver)", "Billy Eichner (SLAA Speaker)", "Michael Delaney (Jake's Lawyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A tale about not love at first sight.**\r\n\r\nA romance comedy that begins with two people meeting in an unusual circumstance during their college year. Later the story moves forward to the present where their life status was revealed, particularly romantic life and relationship issues. This story seems familiar, but the filmmakers tried narrate it as much as possible from a new angle. So the majority of us know how it all ends, yet watching how the film is to reveal to us all those contents is not quite bad.\r\n\r\nThis is a different kind of romance film than I thought. There're more about sex than being romantic or emotional. But still nice film with some good performances and length of the film was also good with decent pace. Both the lead actors were quite interesting. They're not as popular as those we see regularly in this kind of theme, but their roles were justified with their fine efforts.\r\n\r\nThe first half was okay type, but the next half, particularly the last half an hour makes the film at its best. Whatever the opening was, but it ends well. It is not a greatest love story ever told, still enjoyable one. You can blame many things and/or scenes of it, but it entertains on its own way. So I think some people would consider it a good film, but most won't. For me it is an average, maybe a slightly above that. The film is not worth suggesting, even though not a waste of time.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [271718, 333385, 266294, 239678], "youtube_key": "RG3Q2ua5izw"}