{"tmdb_id": 288395, "title": "Origin of Monogamy", "original_title": "\uacb0\ud63c\uc758 \uae30\uc6d0", "slug_title": "origin-of-monogamy", "date": "2013-01-28", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kim Seon-ae works at the AIDS Research Laboratory, Jang Mi-joo works at a nooky establishment and Han Seong-ae is a psychiatrist.  Seong-ae talks to single men about sex and is responsible for her friend Seon-ae's hypnotic treatment. One day, Seong-ae hears something shocking about AIDS during therapy...  Seon-ae shudders at the mention of men and doesn't want anything to do with them. Seong-ae tries to treat this woman hooks her up with Jae-san at a club.  Mi-joo is pressured to perform oral sex in order to marry Jae-seon as she is bad-off and survives every day by working at the sexual establishment. Mi-joo had lied about her family being well-off and when Jae-san asked to visit her home, she became surprised. She calls Seon-ae who she doesn't usually call and asks her for a favor.  Seon-ae meets a man for the first time at a club!!! Mi-joo can't refuse anything her boyfriend asks for! Same goes for Park Jae-san. The three of them are out for trouble...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x43KzNFbfQMlNp4IXLKLdgQDxQu.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Sun-jin (Han Seong-ae  (\ud55c\uc131\uc560))", "Lee Yo-seong (Choi Yang-seong  (\ucd5c\uc591\uc131))", "Choi Yoon-seul (Jang Mi-joo  (\uc7a5\ubbf8\uc8fc))", "Yang Young-ryoon (Kim Seon-ae  (\uae40\uc120\uc560))", "Kim Mi-ra-I (Special appearance  (\uc120\uc560\ubaa8))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}