{"tmdb_id": 28850, "title": "Le Gladiateur du futur", "original_title": "Endgame - Bronx lotta finale", "slug_title": "le-gladiateur-du-futur", "date": "1983-11-05", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Le gladiateur Ron Sherman, champion des jeux du cirque, convoie hors de New York, ville contaminee, un groupe de mutants. 2025, une terrible dictature asservit la Terre entiere, apres l'holocauste nucleaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eh2PtNBJPiJiFhROP8jHdceeZjL.jpg", "actors": ["Al Cliver (Ron Shannon)", "Laura Gemser (Lilith)", "George Eastman (Kurt Karnak)", "Gabriele Tinti (Bull)", "Gordon Mitchell (Col. Morgan)", "Dino Conti (Professor Levin)", "Bobby Rhodes (Woody Aldridge)", "Nello Pazzafini (Kijawa)", "Haruhiko Yamanouchi (Ninja)", "Alberto Dell'Acqua (Gabe Mantrax)", "Franco Ukmar (Stark)", "Mario Pedone (Kovack)", "Pietro Ceccarelli (Blue Mutant)", "Carlos Alberto Valles (Committee Member)", "Gennarino Pappagalli (Military Officer)", "Christopher Walsh (Tommy)", "Richard Novak (TV Tech)", "Michele Soavi (Gold Carrier)", "Joe D'Amato (Inspector (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "EmkEyen", "content": "Endgame has all the components required for a spaghetti post apocalyptic flick from the early eighties. There is the totalitarian neo-fascist regime and the police in all black military uniforms, the cynical media and the televised gladiator games, the oppressed mutant people, the cars augmented with random metal junk, the motorcycles, the machine guns and the spikey melee weapons and even a wearable crossbow. While commoners are clad in rags, action oriented characters have raided the local opera house to complete their leather and studs motorcycle garb. The future takes place in a time where men are macho men and women are madonnas to the extent that the female lead perseveres through a rape by a silverfish villain while telepathically ensuring the male hero that everything is okay. It is cheesy with bad dubbing and the scenery is shifting from industrial areas and concrete vaults to sandpits and more sandpits. Apart from the aforementioned disturbing moments of discarded standards, Endgame is a surprisingly consistent and action packed movie that does not slow down or get boring. There are many moments for your own observations and riffs without breaking the spell. Finally the poster art has very little similarity with the actual movie and is at best \"inspired by\" - as also required by this particual subgenre."}], "recommandations_id": [157085, 105151, 84630, 40352], "youtube_key": "notfound"}