{"tmdb_id": 288672, "title": "Ein Volksfeind", "original_title": "Ein Volksfeind", "slug_title": "ein-volksfeind", "date": "1937-10-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Before the First World War, Dr. Hans Stockmann had a practice in a small town.  His powerhungry brother is the mayor of Bad Trimburg, which has developed into a respectable resort.  Dr. Stockmann is called in to become the town\u2019s chief physician.  He considers the sanitary conditions to be intolerable and insists on a clean-up.  His ambitious brother and all those who, till now, have profited well from the corner cutting, are, of course, against that for financial reasons.  The doctor is condemned from all sides and the conflict escalates.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bw8oBKCGfv8x2APxpXTbf9hlZbU.jpg", "actors": ["Heinrich George (Dr. Hans Stockmann)", "Herbert H\u00fcbner (B\u00fcrgermeister Stockmann)", "Franziska Kinz (Johanna Stockmann)", "Carsta L\u00f6ck (Lehrerin Petra)", "Hans Richter (Walter Stockmann)", "Albert Florath (Worse)", "Fritz Genschow (Kapit\u00e4n Holster)", "Hubert von Meyerinck (Redakteur Fink)", "Ernst Fritz F\u00fcrbringer (Ministerialrat)", "Bernhard Minetti (Minister)", "Hans Hermann Schaufu\u00df (Zeitungsbesitzer Dornbach)", "Werner Pledath (Schulprofessor)", "Olga Limburg (Patientin)", "Klaus Pohl ()", "Georg H. Schnell (Ministerialdirektor Prof. K\u00f6ster)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}