{"tmdb_id": 288774, "title": "Rewi's Last Stand", "original_title": "Rewi's Last Stand", "slug_title": "rewi-s-last-stand", "date": "1940-03-31", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre / Histoire"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Star-crossed lovers, Robert and Ariana, are caught up in the New  Zealand wars of the 1860s. Ariana is claimed by the Maniapoto  people as one of their own and, despite Robert's chivalrous  defence, is taken by them and must help them prepare for war.  Robert likewise must do his patriotic duty and enlists to  fight on the other side. He volunteers to ride despatch,  thinking it may give him an opportunity to see Ariana again,  which it does, but their joy is short-lived; Maniapoto women  fight beside their men, and furthermore she is a Rangitira  (noble) and will not let her people down. The climax is the siege  of Oraku Pa where 300 Maori hold off 2000 troops for three days.  The Maniapoto are defeated, but Ariana, although wounded,  survives to be reunited with Robert.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6t5UkdhyB5fze3QA9ADJkX14duI.jpg", "actors": ["Leo Pilcher (Robert Beaumont)", "Ramai Te Miha (Ariana)", "Henare Toka (Tama Te Heu Heu)", "Stanley Knight (Corporal Ben Horton)", "John Gordon (Brigadier Generl Carey)", "A.J.C. Fisher (Sir George Grey)", "Peter Hutt (A.D.C. to Grey)", "Colonel J.D. Swan (General Cameron)", "Bernard Britain (Captain Jackson)", "Raureti Te Huia (Rewi Maniapoto)", "Mr. C.S. Wood (Rev. John Morgan)", "Phoebe Clarke (Mrs. Morgan)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}