{"tmdb_id": 288830, "title": "Weil ich dich liebe \u2026", "original_title": "Weil ich dich liebe \u2026", "slug_title": "weil-ich-dich-liebe", "date": "1970-09-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dr. Gerd Thiessen, an experienced veterinarian, takes up a new job at a publicly owned manor. His research colleagues are less than thrilled about his ideas and modification proposals. Thus, the pretty and confident veterinarian Sabine Ladenbach becomes his only ally and soon they fall in love with each other. When Thiessen\u2019s wife Eva notices that her husband is growing away from her, she starts to fight for him. Eventually, Thiessen realizes that Eva is the woman of his life, both privately and professionally. At the same time, he figures out that he needs the support of his team to achieve success in his field.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7zhoG6CytfOXcHdpqy4Kv6STWEW.jpg", "actors": ["Ursula Werner (Eva Thiessen)", "Marita B\u00f6hme (Dr. Ladenbach)", "Helga G\u00f6ring (Maria Br\u00e4utigam)", "G\u00fcnther Grabbert (Dr. Wolfgang Felling)", "J\u00fcrgen Frohriep (Harald Lose)", "Fred Delmare (Alfred Wittig)", "Werner Pfeifer (Taxifahrer)", "Roman Wilhelmi ()", "G\u00fcnther Simon ()", "Marianne W\u00fcnscher ()", "Monika D\u00e4britz ()", "Kurt Goldstein ()", "Hannelore W\u00fcst ()", "Heinz Gerlach ()", "Hans Maikowski ()", "Berndt St\u00fcbner ()", "Horst Papke ()", "Peter Marx ()", "Walter Lendrich ()", "Heinz Laggies ()", "Hannelore Schubert ()", "Manuela Marx ()", "Maria Besendahl ()", "Klaus Gehrke ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}