{"tmdb_id": 288, "title": "Le train sifflera 3 fois", "original_title": "High Noon", "slug_title": "le-train-sifflera-3-fois", "date": "1952-03-27", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'il s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 abandonner ses fonctions de sh\u00e9rif pour se marier, Will Kane apprend qu'un bandit, condamn\u00e9 autrefois par lui, arrive par le train pour se venger. Will renonce \u00e0 son voyage de noces et tente de r\u00e9unir quelques hommes pour braver Miller et sa bande. Mais peu \u00e0 peu tous l'abandonnent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nUSLv12qQWhHB60PqXDBRP1wmJa.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Cooper (Marshal Will Kane)", "Grace Kelly (Amy Fowler Kane)", "Thomas Mitchell (Mayor Jonas Henderson)", "Lloyd Bridges (Deputy Marshal Harvey Pell)", "Katy Jurado (Helen Ram\u00edrez)", "Otto Kruger (Judge Percy Mettrick)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Martin Howe)", "Harry Morgan (Sam Fuller)", "Ian MacDonald (Frank Miller)", "Eve McVeagh (Mildred Fuller)", "Morgan Farley (Dr. Mahin, minister)", "Harry Shannon (Cooper)", "Lee Van Cleef (Jack Colby)", "Robert J. Wilke (Jim Pierce)", "Sheb Wooley (Ben Miller)", "Jack Elam (Charlie - Drunk in Jail (uncredited))", "John Doucette (Trumbull (uncredited))", "Ted Stanhope (Station Master (uncredited))", "Lee Aaker (Boy (uncredited))", "Guy Beach (Fred - Coffinmaker (uncredited))", "Larry J. Blake (Gillis - Saloon Owner (uncredited))", "John Breen (Church Member (uncredited))", "Tex Driscoll (Church Member (uncredited))", "Herschel Graham (Church Member (uncredited))", "Paul Kruger (Church Member (uncredited))", "William H. O'Brien (Church Member (uncredited))", "Roy Bucko (Barfly (uncredited))", "Russell Custer (Barfly (uncredited))", "Nora Bush (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Ann Kunde (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Ben Corbett (Townsman (uncredited))", "Rudy Germane (Townsman (uncredited))", "Chuck Hayward (Townsman (uncredited))", "Michael Jeffers (Townsman (uncredited))", "Kansas Moehring (Townsman (uncredited))", "Jack Montgomery (Townsman (uncredited))", "Buddy Roosevelt (Townsman (uncredited))", "Allen D. Sewall (Townsman (uncredited))", "Howland Chamberlain (Hotel Clerk (uncredited))", "Virginia Christine (Mrs. Simpson (uncredited))", "Cliff Clark (Ed Weaver (uncredited))", "Paul Dubov (Scott (uncredited))", "Dick Elliott (Kibbee (uncredited))", "Virginia Farmer (Mrs. Fletcher (uncredited))", "Tim Graham (Sawyer (uncredited))", "Tom Greenway (Ezra (uncredited))", "Harry Harvey (Coy (uncredited))", "Nolan Leary (Lewis (uncredited))", "Tom London (Sam (uncredited))", "Merrill McCormick (Fletcher (uncredited))", "William Newell (Jimmy - Drunk with Eye Patch (uncredited))", "James Millican (Deputy Sheriff Herb Baker (uncredited))", "William 'Bill' Phillips (Barber (uncredited))", "Lucien Prival (Joe - Ramirez Saloon Bartender (uncredited))", "Ralph Reed (Johnny - Town Boy (uncredited))", "Charles Soldani (Indian Outside of Saloon (uncredited))", "Slim Talbot (Barbershop Customer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "A masterpiece of tightly plotted drama/suspense in what would become The Adult Western. Normally, one is happiest on your wedding day, but former lawman Will Kane is troubled.\r\n\r\nAn old nemesis is due on the noon train, and his gang is in town to meet him. He's sworn to kill the man who sent him to prison, so the expected action is to flee.\r\nBut weighed down with a new bride and traveling in a buckboard, there's no chance of escape.\r\n\r\nSeeking help to at least face down the gang, Will Kane returns to town, and finds that everybody either won't or can't Do The Right Thing. The inaction of the town is a thinly disguised parable of The Cold War, with the U.S. standing alone against the Red Menace\r\n\r\nAs Will Kane walks through the silent town, which he \"served and protected\" for years, we are left to wonder if we would do the same. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This is just a dirty little village in the middle of nowhere. Nothing that happens here is really important.\r\n\r\nWill Kane (Gary Cooper) is a retiring lawman all set to leave the town of Hadleyville with his new bride Amy (Grace Kelly). But word comes that a notorious gunslinger he put in prison has been released and is heading to town with his gang intent on bloody revenge. With a sense of fearless duty Kane decides to stay and sets about enlisting a posse, however, he finds that nobody in the town that he made safe for everyone will aid him in his mission.\r\n\r\nThe 1950s saw a big shift in styles for the American Western. After the yee-haw Cowboy Vs Indians excess of the 40s, the decade was ushered in by such film's as Broken Arrow. Showing the Indians in a sympathetic light, Broken Arrow also showed that clearly Westerns had much more to offer than frothy shoot them up entertainment. Which brings us to High Noon, a black and white Oater that landed in 1952 and is still today revered as a quintessential classic Western. Which is not bad considering there's no gun-play here until the last five minutes of its 85 minute running time.\r\n\r\nWhat makes High Noon so significant is that it's not a big movie in terms of production. There's no reams of extras dashing around in glorious Technicolor, no sprawling vistas inhabited by colourful characters, this is pretty understated stuff. Yet thematically it's as big as it gets, a lesson in character drama where not a frame is wasted. From it's unforgettable opening of three bad men (Lee Van Cleef, Robert Wilkie, Sheb Wooley) waiting at the station while Tex Ritter's ballad explains the plot, to the now legendary and iconic ending, High Noon simmers with suspense and intensity as the story unravels. All told in real time too.\r\n\r\nBased on a short story called The Tin Star written by John W. Cunningham, High Noon is directed metronomically by Fred Zinnermann and is shot in high contrast by cinematographer Floyd Crosby. Thus the film has a documentary feel to it, giving it an authentic edge so rarely seen in the Western genre. The piece is further boosted by the performance of Cooper. Winning the Oscar for best male performance, Cooper was 50 years old and into his third decade as a movie star. His prancing around in Western days reducing by the month, yet High Noon shows it to be one of the finest casting decisions made in the 50s. In agony from a back injury and other ailments during the shoot, Cooper carries the movie with brilliant sincerity, conveying the pain of a man now alone as he trundles towards doom. The realisation is that all his heroism and graft that made Hadleyville a safe place for women and children to live, now counts for nothing, it's a heavy weight on Kane's shoulders. It's here where Cooper excels, there's no histrionics or drawn out speeches, it's thru expressions and body movements that the story gains its emotional momentum. A remarkable turn from a remarkable actor, proof positive that you didn't need a dashing leading man to propel your movie.\r\n\r\nThe film notoriously angered Howard Hawks & John Wayne, its themes and its perceived allegory for blacklisting a bone of contention that led to them making Rio Bravo as a riposte in 1959. There's many an essay on High Noon and its links to Senator Joe McCarthy, HUAC etc etc, so really I have no interest in going there. Instead I think it's just fitting to say that Zinnermann himself always resisted talking in terms of allegorical interpretations for his film. He, rightly so, felt to do that would be unfair and dampen the huge significance of his wonderful movie.\r\n\r\nAmen to that. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3090, 3114, 11697, 963], "youtube_key": "g9CR_tib0CA"}