{"tmdb_id": 289214, "title": "Disaster Wars: Earthquake vs. Tsunami", "original_title": "Disaster Wars: Earthquake vs. Tsunami", "slug_title": "disaster-wars-earthquake-vs-tsunami", "date": "2013-12-13", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Drame / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "Deep underwater in the Marianas Trench an accident results in a devastating Tsunami that destroys the Hawaiian Islands as it continues toward the west coast. Panic ensues all up and down the western coast of North and South America. In an attempt to lessen its impact, scientists launch an underwater explosion that inadvertently makes the tsunami more powerful and focused on Los Angeles. Scientists rush to a solution while the military begins planning for the worst. Los Angeles begins emergency evacuation. Lives and loves are lost even as a brash young grad student comes up with a solution: start the mother of all earthquakes to counter the rushing torrent and raise the continental shelf off the coast of the United States.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rTbWzMzU0qk03kSyiH28dhmMxfi.jpg", "actors": ["Joe Estevez (Colonel Brayman)", "Priscilla Barnes (Vice President Taylor)", "Reggie Bannister (Dr. Jeff Taylor)", "Pete Punito (Dr. Vickers)", "Joseph Michael Harris (Gunnery Sgt. Benjamin Wright (as Michael Harris))", "Kelly Erin Decker (Toni Sims)", "Laura Azevedo (Victoria Wright)", "Marlene Mc'Cohen (Allison Jenkins)", "Robert Rhine (Bunker Guard)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [350751, 36567, 76807, 37571], "youtube_key": "notfound"}