{"tmdb_id": 289222, "title": "La Femme du gardien de zoo", "original_title": "The Zookeeper's Wife", "slug_title": "la-femme-du-gardien-de-zoo", "date": "2017-03-31", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie de Jan Zabinski, gardien d'un zoo de Varsovie, et de son \u00e9pouse Antonina, qui sauv\u00e8rent 300 juifs emprisonn\u00e9s dans le ghetto de Varsovie suite \u00e0 l'invasion des Nazis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aB5KeI6BzPEZjLTLN9OaRZwKKT7.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Chastain (Antonina \u017babi\u0144ska)", "Daniel Br\u00fchl (Lutz Heck)", "Johan Heldenbergh (Jan \u017babi\u0144ski)", "Michael McElhatton (Jerzyk)", "Timothy Radford (Ryszard \u017babi\u0144ski (Younger))", "Efrat Dor (Magda Gross)", "Iddo Goldberg (Maurycy Fraenkel)", "Shira Haas (Urszula)", "Val Maloku (Ryszard Zabinski)", "Martha Issov\u00e1 (Regina Kenigswein)", "Frederick Preston (Miecio Kenigswein)", "Goran Kosti\u0107 (Mr. Kinszerbaum)", "Anna Rust (The Zebra Woman)", "Daniel Ratimorsk\u00fd (Samuel Kenigswein)", "Theo Preston (Stefcio Kenigswein)", "Viktoria Zakharyanova (Stefania Keningswein)", "Arno\u0161t Goldflam (Dr. Janusz Korczak)", "Mari\u00e1n Mita\u0161 (Stefan)", "Martin Hofmann (Szymon Tenenbaum)", "Jitka Smutn\u00e1 (Pietrasia)", "Waldemar Kobus (Dr. Ziegler)", "Viktorie Jenickov\u00e1 (Teresa Zabinska (2 years old))", "Adira B. Cole Abbett (Teresa Zabinska (9 months old))", "Hana Pindurov\u00e1 (Teresa Zabinska (Baby))", "Slavko Sobin (Mr. Keller)", "Alena Mihulov\u00e1 (Marysia Aszer)", "Nata\u0161a Burger (Roza Anzelowna)", "Hana Frejkov\u00e1 (Roza's Mother)", "Magdalena Lamparska (Wanda Englert)", "Vilma Frantov\u00e1 (Zofia Kossak)", "Magdal\u00e9na Sidonov\u00e1 (Janina Rabbe)", "Petra Bu\u010dkov\u00e1 (Wanda Filipowicz)", "Roman Vejdovec (Senior German Officer)", "Ladislav Hampl (Ghetto Gate #1 Guard)", "V\u00e1clav Neu\u017eil (Ghetto Gate #2 Guard)", "Brian Caspe (Ghetto Soldier #1)", "Ester Ko\u010di\u010dkov\u00e1 (Eugenia Wasowska)", "Roman Hor\u00e1k (German Soldier #1)", "Jakub \u0160m\u00edd (Ghetto Soldier #2)", "Gabriel Cohen (Smoking German Soldier #1)", "Josef Guruncz (Smoking German Soldier #2)", "Patricia Kalis (Polish woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The zoo, the zookeepers and the WWII!**\r\n\r\nThere goes another film by a woman director. Recently I've seen many, that the stories told by women. It was a well made film, based on the real, about the WWII. Actually, it all begins prior like in the 1939. The happy couple who was running one of the most notable zoo in all of Europe, in the Poland capital, suddenly started to lose the animals for nazi air raids. The remains were taken away when the city, the nation was invaded. Soon the empty enclosure becomes hideout for the Jeweish. But it is not an easy task, the consequences are serious. How the rest of the story folds out was a little emotional.\r\n\r\nThe best performance by Jessica Chastain continues. She's choosing the nice films and roles. I had expected a big name pairing up with her, but the Belgian actor was good in a small part. Like any WWII film, a heart-wrenching story. Everything was told from the zookeeper's perspective, particularly the wife.\r\n\r\nThe story also takes us outside the enclosure, with a series of glimpses of horror visuals that we had seen in other films. So it limits to what these people did, that's to shelter the Jewish community. Another WWII film from another perspective that one should see it. I've heard that some are saying it was not honest. All the true stories are not exact depictions of truth, but somewhat close, lets us know the facts. Just watch it!\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [283552, 290512, 376290, 336000]}