{"tmdb_id": 289380, "title": "Sensation Seekers", "original_title": "Sensation Seekers", "slug_title": "sensation-seekers", "date": "1927-03-21", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Ray Sturgis, leader of the fashionable Long Island jazz set, is engaged to \"Egypt\" Hagen, an up-to-date girl in every respect. Egypt is arrested at a roadhouse raid, and at her mother's bidding, the Reverend Norman Lodge arranges for her freedom. At a fancy-dress ball, when Ray wears a costume made of newspaper headlines concerning her arrest, Egypt is offended. Seen constantly in the company of Reverend Lodge, her reputation causes church people to take up the matter with the bishop. Leaving the country club, Egypt goes to the Lodge home and hides behind the door when the bishop arrives; Reverend Lodge wants to marry her, and they admit their love; but humiliation causes her to leave with Sturgis that night. Their yacht is wrecked, but Lodge and the bishop follow and rescue Egypt, though Sturgis is drowned. The bishop, realizing the depth of their love, consents to marry them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y190eKHlHzAN5pzYlfuWreK8JwP.jpg", "actors": ["Billie Dove (Luena 'Egypt' Hagen)", "Huntley Gordon (Ray Sturgis)", "Raymond Bloomer (Reverend Lodge)", "Peggy Montgomery (Margaret Todd)", "Will Gregory (Colonel Emory Todd)", "Helen Gilmore (Mrs. Todd)", "Edith Yorke (Mrs. Hagen)", "Phillips Smalley (Mr. Hagen)", "Cora Williams (Mrs. W. Symme)", "Sidney Arundel (Deacon W. Symme)", "Blackie Thompson (Rabbitt Smythe)", "Nora Cecil (Mrs. Lodge)", "Frances Dale (Tottie)", "Lillian Lawrence (Tibbett Sister)", "Fanchon Frankel (Tibbett Sister)", "Hazel Howell (Guest)", "Walter Brennan (Below Deck Yacht Crewman)", "Eddie Foster (Speakeasy Patron)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}