{"tmdb_id": 28943, "title": "Shiner", "original_title": "Shiner", "slug_title": "shiner", "date": "2000-09-22", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Crime"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Billy \"Shiner\" Simpson, un ambitieux organisateur de combats de boxe, se fait rattraper par son pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Ccd7MeyNM7Lp580GCkQ1gVoCA0.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Caine (Billy 'Shiner' Simpson)", "Martin Landau (Frank Spedding)", "Frances Barber (Georgie)", "Andy Serkis (Mel)", "Danny Webb (Karl)", "Claire Rushbrook (Ruth)", "Matthew Marsden (Eddie 'Golden Boy' Simpson)", "Peter Wight (Det. Insp. Grant)", "Frank Harper (Jeff 'Stoney' Stone)", "Kenneth Cranham (Gibson)", "Nicola Walker (Det. Sgt. Garland)", "Gary Lewis (Vic)", "Josephine Butler (Stephanie)", "Malcolm Tierney (Fleming)", "George Innes ('Little Pete' Jones)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Come not between the dragon and his wrath.\r\n\r\nBilly \u201cShiner\u201d Simpson (Michael Caine) is building up to his big boxing promoting night, the headline of which is his own son, Eddie \u201cGolden Boy\u201d Simpson (Matthew Marsden). But family troubles begin to weigh heavy, a police investigation closes in on him and a rival American promoter is breathing down his neck. It\u2019s going to get messy.\r\n\r\nSurprisingly for a Michael Caine British gangster movie, Shiner is a little under known. A shame because it\u2019s really rather good. Caine himself felt that by 2000 the cinema loving public had had enough of British films of this type, hence why it did poorly at the box office and quickly disappeared into the retail chain of things.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s basically a reworking of King Lear, in London and with Caine on super form. Billy Simpson is a grade \u201cA\u201d noir protagonist, the world he inhabits is ultimately too much for him, there\u2019s treachery and dishonesty \u2013 violence and disappointments, all around him, but still he ploughs on as if he will eventually become the king of the castle. Yet this is the noirville area of London, of grubby bars and grey landscapes, the hall playing host to Billy\u2019s big night is a place of stale cheese sandwiches and blocked toilets.\r\n\r\nOn either side of Billy are his two henchman played by Frank Harper and Andy Serkis, two sides of the same coin they are, though they menace in different ways. Billy\u2019s two daughters played by Claire Rushbrook and Frances Barber, also two sides of the same coin, but conversely they have different love for their father. Martin Landau is the smooth American promoter with a dame on his arm and a grudge for Billy, and Gary Lewis and Kenneth Cranham fill out important roles as characters caught in Billy\u2019s soon to be maelstrom. \r\n\r\nCaine did say that he considers Shiner to be part of a trilogy that comprises Get Carter and Mona Lisa. Shiner isn\u2019t close to being as good as those two movies, especially the sublime Get Carter, but it holds its head up high in such company and fans of those movies should seek it out. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [45101, 52405, 46313, 54299], "youtube_key": "naKq2i84SLw"}