{"tmdb_id": 28942, "title": "Chromosome 3", "original_title": "The Brood", "slug_title": "chromosome-3", "date": "1979-05-25", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un psychiatre invente une th\u00e9rapie r\u00e9volutionnaire qu'il applique \u00e0 ses malades. Il n'avait pas prevu les effets secondaires, particuli\u00e8rement destructeurs...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zSEt4QXRI4Gypd9xvzvucOmPNl5.jpg", "actors": ["Oliver Reed (Dr. Hal Raglan)", "Samantha Eggar (Nola Carveth)", "Art Hindle (Frank Carveth)", "Henry Beckman (Barton Kelly)", "Nuala Fitzgerald (Juliana Kelly)", "Cindy Hinds (Candice Carveth)", "Susan Hogan (Ruth Mayer)", "Gary McKeehan (Mike Trellan)", "Robert A. Silverman (Jan Hartog)", "Nicholas Campbell (Chris)", "Felix Silla (Creature)", "Michael Magee (Inspector)", "Joseph Shaw (Coroner)", "Larry Solway (Lawyer)", "Reiner Schwarz (Dr. Birkin)", "Christopher Britton (Man in Auditorium)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***When inner rage is personified***  \r\n\r\nA man (Art Hindle) investigates a pop psychologist\u2019s unconventional therapy techniques after his daughter shows signs of abuse when visiting her mother (Samantha Eggar) undergoing the secretive treatments. The mystery deepens when people linked to the situation wind up slain by\u2026 the Brood. Oliver Reed plays the strange, formidable doctor.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Brood\u201d (1979) is a psychological drama/horror written & directed by David Cronenberg after his divorce & custody battle, which makes sense once you see the movie. As my title blurb states, the theme concerns the personification of internal rage, whether conscious or subconscious, which wasn\u2019t a new concept in 1978 when the film was made; think \u201cForbidden Planet\u201d (1956). A couple issues of the Man-Thing comic also addressed the issue in 1974. To forge the script Cronenberg combined this element with the oft-used idea of nefarious offspring a la \u201cVillage of the Damned\u201d (1960) and \u201cChildren of the Damned\u201d (1964).\r\n\r\nOne highlight is Reed\u2019s intense performance and understated, intimidating presence. He was one of Brando\u2019s few contemporaries that matched his brooding magnetism. Another highlight is the setting of Toronto in the late winter (or early spring), particularly the awesome Somafree facility in the country. The realistic tone is good and the movie has the confidence to take its time, but some parts & dialogues are too slow, which tempts your mind to wander. Also, the movie scores poorly on the female front.     \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in Toronto & Mississauga, Ontario.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [27429, 29437, 9538, 2742], "youtube_key": "0tGwzi-mLfU"}