{"tmdb_id": 28968, "title": "Poison for the Fairies", "original_title": "Veneno para las hadas", "slug_title": "poison-for-the-fairies", "date": "1984-01-01", "genre": "Fantastique / Drame / Thriller / Horreur", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9NvEpLAVNHtoW1QkxG2YBaNs69L.jpg", "actors": ["Ana Patricia Rojo (Veronica)", "Elsa Maria Gutierrez (Flavia)", "Leonor Llaus\u00e1s (La Bruja (The Witch))", "Carmela Stein (Nana)", "Maria Santander (Miss Aragon)", "Lilia Arag\u00f3n (Voz (Voice Talent)", "Hilda Perez Carbajal (Voz (Voice Talent)", "Marcela Paez (Voz (Voice Talent)", "Araceli de Leon (Voz (Voice Talent)", "Patricia Acevedo (Voz (Voice Talent)", "Laura Almela (Claudia (Uncredited))", "Arturo Berist\u00e1in (Padre de Flavia (Flavia's Father))", "Miguel Cane (Jaime (Uncredited))", "Rosa Furman (Se\u00f1ora Krinsky (Mrs. Krinsky))", "Rita Macedo (Abuela de Jaime (Jaime's Grandmother))", "Luis Mario Quiroz (David (Uncredited))", "Anna Silvetti (Madre de Flavia (Flavia's Mother))", "Hortencia Santove\u00f1a (Sor Eulalia (Mother Eulalia) (Uncredited))", "Sergio Bustamante (Voz (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Milo_Jeeder", "content": "Word of advice: if you're looking for a genuine horror film with decent scares and gore, don't expect any of those things in this movie. \"Poison for the fairies\" is not a horror movie, although it was advertised as one. It was directed by the well known Mexican horror director Carlos Enrique Taboada, which probably led to some misinterpretation when it came out. I would probably label this movie as an exceedingly captivating, charming and stylish adventure/family/dark-comedy with some mildly disturbing situations here and there. Other than that, I would never recommend this film to anyone who is in the mood for real horror. As a matter of fact, I think this movie is in reality suitable for all audiences, including children. The final scene is a little bit wicked, that's true, but the rest of the story is somehow childish and naive in a good way. Even though this film ended up being poles apart from what I was actually expecting, I must say that this film is charming and lovable in a way that I would have never imagined.\r\n\r\n\"Poison for the fairies\", is some kind of wicked fairy tale about two little girls who become friends, despite the fact that there entirely unlike. Flavia is the nice, innocent girl who doesn't know anyone at school and has no friends. On the other hand, Veronica is a weird and yet sweet-looking blonde schoolgirl who happens to be fixated with witches and all kinds of sinister things. This fascination for witchcraft and her peculiar manners, earn her a very bad reputation among the other girls. Regardless, Veronica doesn't seem to care and she even claims to be a witch herself!. At first, Flavia doesn't trust her friend's menacing side, but eventually, she becomes a victim of Veronica's delusional reality and constant charades, until she finally ends up believing what is clearly a lie. In \"Poison for the fairies\", we see this amusing friendship that connects these two little girls and their deplorable attempts for black magic. \r\n\r\nI honestly didn't think I was going to be so fascinated by a movie that didn't promise anything at all, to begin with. \"Poison for the fairies\" is a movie that reminded me of some of some Italian horror films, due to its artistic virtues and antique settings. \"Poison for the fairies\" is a very na\u00efve adventure/family/horror fairy tale that shows a magical and dark world seen by an untrained and hopeless little girl who sees an alternative reality. The circumstances that Flavia and Veronica undergo to during the course of this film, are adorably entertaining. I'll never understand why \"Poison for the fairies\" is actually measured as a horror film by some people. The only scenes that may have a little share of horror, are the ones in which the figure of a creepy witch appears very quickly. Also, the final minutes are a little bit too dark and dramatic for a movie that didn't prepare the audience for something like that and it was the only thing I didn't enjoy that much. Other than that, this film is highly enjoyable, calm and enchanting. Be prepared to enjoy a dark comedy for children, with a very unexpected and powerful ending."}], "recommandations_id": [68632, 18954, 27425, 19006]}