{"tmdb_id": 289614, "title": "UFC 177: Dillashaw vs. Soto", "original_title": "UFC 177: Dillashaw vs. Soto", "slug_title": "ufc-177-dillashaw-vs-soto", "date": "2014-08-30", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "UFC 177: Dillashaw vs. Soto was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 31, 2014 at the Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento, California.  A Bantamweight Championship rematch between current champion T.J. Dillashaw and former champion Renan Bar\u00e3o was expected to headline this show. Their first fight, contested at UFC 173, ended in a fifth round TKO victory for Dillashaw. However, the day of the weigh ins, Bar\u00e3o had to be admitted to the hospital as a result of his attempts to cut weight. Dillashaw faced UFC newcomer Joe Soto in the main event. Subsequently, Soto's opponent, Anthony Birchak, was removed from the card entirely.  Due to the many unexpected changes, Joe Rogan began the event's weigh ins show by introducing the crowd to \"the haunted UFC card\". Due to the several last minute cancellations, the event took place with only eight bouts on the card, making it the smallest UFC PPV event, since UFC 72 in 2007.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/58wV8Bybh7Uf55RWu93iKiCKF7N.jpg", "actors": ["TJ Dillashaw (Himself)", "Tony Ferguson (Himself)", "Danny Castillo (Himself)", "Joe Soto (Himself)", "Carlos Diego Ferreira (Himself)", "Ramsey Nijem (Himself)", "Yancy Medeiros (Himself)", "Damon Jackson (Himself)", "Bethe Correia (Herself)", "Shayna Baszler (Herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}