{"tmdb_id": 28988, "title": "Le tableau noir", "original_title": "Takht\u00e9 siah", "slug_title": "le-tableau-noir", "date": "2000-09-01", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A la suite d'un bombardement au Kurdistan iranien, des instituteurs errent de village en village \u00e0 la recherche d'\u00e9l\u00e8ves. L'un d'entre eux trouve sur son chemin un groupe d'adolescents qui tentent de passer en Irak. Malgr\u00e8 les efforts de l'instituteur, aucun n\u2019est d\u00e9sireux d\u2019apprendre.\r Un second croise un groupe de vieillards qui essaient de rejoindre leur terre natale. Un troisi\u00e8me rencontre une jeune veuve, \u00e9pris d'elle, il d\u00e9cide de la suivre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9vbkcxNoovqWQ0oxjePZhhtIaeH.jpg", "actors": ["Said Mohamadi (Said)", "Behnaz Jafari (Halaleh)", "Bahman Ghobadi (Reeboir)", "Mohamad Karim Rahmati (Father)", "Rafat Moradi (Ribvar)", "Mayas Rostami (Young boy storyteller)", "Saman Akbari (Group leader)", "Ahmad Bahrami (Marriage registrar)", "Mohamad Moradi (Match maker)", "Karim Moradi (Old man)", "Hassan Mohamadi (Child)", "Rasool Mohamadi (The boy porter)", "Somaye Veisee (Little girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Released in 2000, <i>Blackboards</i> was the second film by Samira Makhmalbaf, daughter of acclaimed Iranian auteur Mohsen Makhmalbaf and a precocious director in her own right. As the film opens, a group of itinerant teachers lug blackboards into the mountains of Iranian Kurdistan, seeking to bring education to this illiterate, impoverished region in exchange for some meagre income.\r\n\r\nTwo of the teachers quickly branch off from the group, and the film follows their adventures. Sa\u00efd (Sa\u00efd Mohamadi) falls in with a group of nomads trying to get back to their native land across the border in Iraqi Kurdistan. Rebwar (Bahman Ghobadi) meets a group of children transporting contraband over the border. The teacher's efforts to help the locals learn to read and write are rebuffed time and time again, to the point that the film takes on the quality of a play by Samuel Beckett or Harold Pinter. Sa\u00efd's attempts to get through to the lone woman in the party (Behnaz Jafari) are the height of absurdism.\r\n\r\nSamira Makhmalbaf's visual aesthetic is mainly that of her father's early films, and the film evokes the beauty of this mountainous region, as well as the desolation that causes its poverty. And it's cool that the dialogue is in Kurdish, as there aren't so many films available in the West that highlight this people. However, I must say that I found other aspects disappointing. <i>Blackboards</i> makes a thought-provoking point that the poor are too busy surviving to worry about ideals like education, but the script doesn't really hang together. The acting is also inconsistent, with a big disconnect between the professional actors and the local Kurds who were brought on.\r\n\r\nYou might take a chance on <i>Blackboards</i>. I certainly don't regret seeing it, it's memorable and there's some humour. But I remain unsatisfied."}], "recommandations_id": [84196, 49568, 34111, 52555], "youtube_key": "uV_Gqz4VAF4"}