{"tmdb_id": 289891, "title": "Jackie & Ryan", "original_title": "Jackie & Ryan", "slug_title": "jackie-ryan", "date": "2014-09-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Musique"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Ryan est une chanteuse de folk. Avec un sac \u00e0 dos et son banjo, elle parcourt les routes. Sa rencontre avec Jackie, une ex star de la country engag\u00e9e qui se bat pour la garde de sa fille, va changer sa vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lyGjHaLMVNuwrxkqrJvMjXceRAU.jpg", "actors": ["Katherine Heigl (Jackie)", "Ben Barnes (Ryan)", "Clea DuVall (Virginia)", "Sheryl Lee (Miriam)", "Emily Alyn Lind (Lia)", "Nathan Stevens (Kid)", "Allan Groves (Tweed Cap)", "Ryan Bingham ()", "Jeffrey Hanson ()", "Terence Goodman ()", "Duane Stephens ()", "Annette Wright ()", "Joey Miyashima ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A simplest music-drama, a little inspiring over one's self-confidence.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Texas Killing Field' comes a simple music-drama with a little romance in it. A plot that was built around when two people meet at a crossroad. One is looking forward breakthrough in the music career and the other one has been there. Besides a single mother fighting for a child custody as a subplot and other few extra characters were added for the movie to brighten up. That did not help to make the plot tighter and faster, instead left behind many unanswered. Anyway, most part of the narration stayed dry.\r\n\r\nLooking at the performances, location and the direction, it was not a bad movie. The story that progressed at a lazy pace is what I felt is the tumble. It should have been better, but still watchable film and not for everyone. It is another movie about the life's hardship. All about the personal life as well as the social life and finding a way to blend them together. Great cast, fine music and a decent ending. Overall, failed to impress, but worth a watch for being different and a slightly gripping due to the realistic approach.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [291405, 97609, 212756, 261820], "youtube_key": "dCTmxBZsa4U"}