{"tmdb_id": 290136, "title": "Maschio latino cercasi", "original_title": "Maschio latino cercasi", "slug_title": "maschio-latino-cercasi", "date": "1977-02-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "t Happened in Naples . - A tourist, duped by Carmine thinks of buying a fourteen year old virgin and is sold at a homosexual. Tonight or Never - The rich ing. Bislecchi , rejected by Gigia maintained , it does \" rejuvenated \" by dr. Himler and becomes a robot. The amnesty . - Milcare , with the excuse to see a good lawyer , possesses under the eyes of her husband Colonel sure to enjoy then of an impending amnesty . Gennarino the emigrant . - In Germany with his wife Anna , Gennaro works as a stallion for the lowest category of porn movies . Only when he's in front of his wife as partner reaches record performance . Exchange made \u200b\u200bin Germany. - Nicola and Sisina , Sicilian barons , go to Germany for an \"exchange of couples\" , Sisina is reluctant ; Then , when her husband fails to disinibirla , beats him by far.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2woY40V7Loyzjoot4odkI9Rx1jc.jpg", "actors": ["Gianfranco D'Angelo (finto turista tedesco)", "Vittorio Caprioli (don Carmine)", "Brigitte Petronio (Carmelina, prostituta napoletana minorenne)", "Mauro Vestri (travestito)", "Gino Bramieri (comm. ing. Bislecchi/prof. Otto Himmel)", "Gloria Guida (Gigia)", "Aldo Maccione (Amilcare)", "Luciano Salce (col. Guido Fiasconi)", "Dayle Haddon (avvocatessa)", "Orazio Orlando (Gennarino)", "Stefania Casini (Anna)", "Carlo Giuffr\u00e8 (Baron Nicolino di Castropizzo)", "Adriana Asti (Sisina)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}