{"tmdb_id": 290379, "title": "Looking Forward", "original_title": "Looking Forward", "slug_title": "looking-forward", "date": "1933-04-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Depression Era story set in London has department store owner (Lewis Stone) facing bankruptcy while his family fritters away money. A long-standing employee (Lionel Barrymore) gets fired but finds new life in a home-based bakery. The owner's wife (Benita Hume) can't face life without money, so she runs off with another man. The tables turn, however, when a last-minute reprieve saves the store and a new relationship is forged between the men.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ezQhINdFQLVf2zmk8Pb1uLbatDN.jpg", "actors": ["Lionel Barrymore (Tim Benton)", "Lewis Stone (Gabriel Service Sr.)", "Benita Hume (Mrs. Isobel Service)", "Elizabeth Allan (Caroline Service)", "Phillips Holmes (Michael Service)", "Colin Clive (Geoffrey Fielding)", "Alec B. Francis (Mr. Birkenshaw)", "Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Lil Benton)", "Halliwell Hobbes (Mr. James Felton)", "Douglas Walton (Willie Benton)", "Viva Tattersall (Miss Elsie Benton)", "Lawrence Grant (Philip Bendicott)", "George K. Arthur (Mr. Tressitt, Salesman)", "Charles Irwin (Mr. Burton, Clerk)", "Billy Bevan (Mr. Barker, Night Watchman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank F", "content": "A Great Depression era film with a setting in London, but filmed in the US. While Warner Brothers films generally viewed the excesses of the greedy and corrupt rich as the cause of the Depression, MGM generally attributed the cause to be a lack of confidence with the cure being more entrepreneurship, belt tightening and innovation.\r\n\r\nIn \"Looking Forward\", Tim Benton (Barrymore), is let go during hard times despite his 40 years with the firm due to his lack of ambition and advancement. Lather, Gabriel Service Sr. (Lewis Stone), the CEO, is ready to sell out when he meets with Tim in a park. Tim's success of running a very successful family business gives Gabriel the courage to tun down the sale and fight for his company's survival at the risk of being poor. Instead of waiting for economy to improve, the firm will now innovate, which will in turn motivate his workforce."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}