{"tmdb_id": 290433, "title": "Prince Woronzeff", "original_title": "F\u00fcrst Woronzeff", "slug_title": "prince-woronzeff", "date": "1934-10-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Baron Franz von Naydek is constantly being mistaken for Prince Woronzeff, since both look identical.  One day, Woronzeff decides that this similarity might come in handy.  Since he is very ill and can no longer deal with the intrigues of his relatives, he begs his friend Naydek to play the role of prince for a while.  Naydek agrees and everything seems to be going splendidly.  Woronzeff\u2019s ex-nag Diane sees through the game, however, but says nothing, since she\u2019s fallen for Naydek.  He, in turn, has the hots for Nadja, Woronzeff\u2019s daughter, long thought lost and who has now reappeared.  The prince\u2019s relatives fear for their inheritance and so refuse to acknowledge Nadja\u2019s existence.  In the interim, Woronzeff dies.  Now Naydek is obliged to play the role for a much longer time than he bargained for.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7PJ9QCkq3D6YOOBdk8ojjSaQapL.jpg", "actors": ["Albrecht Schoenhals (F\u00fcrst Woronzeff & Baron Franz von Naydek)", "Hansi Knoteck (Woronzeffs Tochter Nadja)", "Willy Birgel (Petroff, Woronzeffs Sekret\u00e4r)", "Brigitte Helm (Diane Morell)", "Fritz Odemar (Onkel Gregor)", "G\u00fcnther L\u00fcders (Vetter Boris)", "Edwin J\u00fcrgensen (Der Untersuchungsrichter)", "Vladimir Sokoloff (Petroff)", "Heinrich Berg (Otto von Naydek, Bruder Franz von Naydeks)", "Amanda Lindner (Tante Lydia)", "Jakob Tiedtke (Onkel Iwan)", "Kurt Fu\u00df (L\u00e9on, Agent)", "Walther Ludwig (S\u00e4nger: Duett aus 'Samson und Dalida')"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}