{"tmdb_id": 290555, "title": "Wolves", "original_title": "Wolves", "slug_title": "wolves", "date": "2014-08-28", "genre": "Horreur / Action", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Contraint de prendre la route apr\u00e8s le meurtre de ses parents, Cayden erre, perdu, sans but ... Jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'il rencontre un fou nomm\u00e9 Wild Joe, qui le met sur la route de la sinistre ville de Lupine Ridge, o\u00f9 il traquera les v\u00e9rit\u00e9s de son histoire. Mais le chasseur ne finira-t-il pas par \u00eatre le chass\u00e9 ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9rDjEWyWdbEWoZ2vBMbdWcsvRXE.jpg", "actors": ["Lucas Till (Cayden Richards)", "Jason Momoa (Connor)", "John Pyper-Ferguson (Wild Joe)", "Stephen McHattie (John Tollerman)", "Merritt Patterson (Angelina Timmins)", "Janet-Laine Green (Clara Tollerman)", "Melanie Scrofano (Gail Timmins)", "Kaitlyn Leeb (Lisa Stewart)", "Adam Butcher (Deke)", "Philip Maurice Hayes (Kino)", "Brandon McGibbon (Carter)", "Miriam McDonald (Haley)", "Jennifer Hale (Janice Richards)", "Stephen Sparks (Dean Richards)", "Adrienne Kress (Dr. Ceciley Lawrence)", "Maxwell McCabe-Lokos (Morrow)", "Matthew Currie Holmes (Setter)", "George Tchortov (Skip)", "Jonathan Llyr (Larson)", "Kyle Shapiro (Karl)", "Eli Martyr (Kitt)", "Eric Trask (Mayor Robinson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A town of werewolves in the Northeast with Jason Momoa***\r\n\r\nA popular teenager in the Northeast (Lucas Till) discovers that he\u2019s a werewolf and escapes to the road after a tragedy at home. Upon getting a tip from Lemmy (John Pyper-Ferguson), he ends up in Lupine Ridge where he obtains a job at a farm and develops a relationship with a young bar owner (Merritt Patterson), which offends the wolfish town leader (Jason Momoa). Stephen McHattie plays the friendly farmer who takes the boy under his wings.\r\n\r\nThe creatively titled \u201cWolves\u201d (2014) is a quality werewolf flick that\u2019s reminiscent of the Marvel comic book Werewolf by Night. (Even the werewolves resemble Don Perlin\u2019s versions a little). It has elements of The Howling franchise, but with better production values than the sequels, as well as a dash of \u201cTwilight\u201d (2008) and \u201cThe Messengers\u201d (2007). (I hate mentioning \u201cTwilight\u201d because it will automatically turn off loads of people, but I mean the good aspects of that infamous movie).\r\n\r\n\u201cWolves\u201d has the right choices for the main cast, enough gore, some decent action, beautiful women, notable songs and exquisite Ontario locations with great nighttime sylvan ambiance. Yes, it\u2019s thoroughly comic booky, but it\u2019s well made for what it is and delivers the goods. I saw the theatrical version, but I heard the unrated version is a vast improvement with additional exposition.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 31 minutes and was shot in Ontario in the greater Toronto area.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [94887, 214597, 127594, 60270]}