{"tmdb_id": 290542, "title": "Le second souffle", "original_title": "You're Not You", "slug_title": "le-second-souffle", "date": "2014-10-10", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Une c\u00e9l\u00e8bre pianiste atteinte de la maladie de Charcot embauche une \u00e9tudiante \u00e9gocentrique, qui r\u00eave d'\u00eatre chanteuse de rock, comme aide-soignante \u00e0 temps partiel. Elle devra la soutenir dans ses t\u00e2ches quotidiennes, malgr\u00e9 les difficult\u00e9s de sa patiente ayant du mal \u00e0 accepter de perdre son autonomie ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tJl9pbuY8e3Qv9ylpC61tmm0B4h.jpg", "actors": ["Hilary Swank (Kate)", "Emmy Rossum (Bec)", "Josh Duhamel ()", "Ali Larter ()", "Marcia Gay Harden ()", "Jason Ritter ()", "Julian McMahon ()", "Frances Fisher ()", "Stephanie Beatriz ()", "Loretta Devine ()", "Beau Knapp ()", "Mike Doyle ()", "Andrea Savage (Alyssa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A tale of  friendship that blossomed at the final juncture.\r\n\r\nIt was quite some time I have not seen any Hilary Swank's movie. In this her role was very good one. Beside her's, another equally extended character played by Emma Rossum. As these two play the roles that defines the movie, which is more like the American and women's version of the French movie 'Intouchable'. I never heard of this film before, but got interested once I learnt about the storyline and of course the cast.\r\n\r\nI usually become a prey for tearjerker movies, but not for the intense emotional drama like this one and so it is won't expect you fall for it either. Based on the book of the same name which was probably a fictional work inspired by the real disease. It talks about a 36 year old ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) patient, Kate and her caregiver, Bec, especially their unlikely relationship and activities together in the final days. They two are exactly opposite, it's not the fate, but day by day growing their deep bond bring them very close when they share everything in life.\r\n\r\nA very good concept, but nothing new in the movie. Everything is already exhibited in other films. The only advantage is if you have not seen those in a large number. In my case, I like this kind of theme, so seen numerous in different languages. You are going to witness here a parallel storytelling in a different context with a fresh cast. But still the movie is captivating, because of excellent execution from both the cast and crew.\r\n\r\n> \"Why is it that we want the ones that don't see us.\r\n> Instead of the ones that do.\"\r\n\r\nThe let down was the rest of the characters. I don't know where they were, but totally discarded. It is understood that the husband and wife relationship was shattered because of the sacrifice. Friends and Parents, they have got ditched from the screenplay that won't happen in reality. The writers should have used them to create more sensational moments, but they had a different idea in mind to narrate the story. In a couple of places I felt Rossum had over-performed. In other hand, Swank was kind of attractive. I consider it a plus point to fix our face towards the screen, unfortunately she played a tragic role.\r\n\r\nDespite all the good and bad, it was one step ahead for both the lead women to get back to their positions as an actress, compared to their recent years form in the industry. It is not a popular movie, but it should have been. A movie about how to build a friendship and to fight a disease. A friendship that blossomed at the final juncture, nevertheless it fought hard till the last minute. That is the major difference in this film to others. Like I complained earlier, there's no parents or husband, all about told from the perspective of a friendship. If you want to try this, don't anticipate to a greater height and clear your mind before entering. Expectations are the major cause for all the disappointments.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [177047, 209406, 90369, 239571], "youtube_key": "SE0m-N-b1VA"}