{"tmdb_id": 290595, "title": "Le chasseur et la Reine des glaces", "original_title": "The Huntsman: Winter's War", "slug_title": "le-chasseur-et-la-reine-des-glaces", "date": "2016-04-06", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Il y a fort longtemps, bien avant qu\u2019elle ne tombe sous l\u2019\u00e9p\u00e9e de Blanche Neige, la reine Ravenna avait d\u00fb assister, sans mot dire, \u00e0 la trahison amoureuse qui avait contraint sa s\u0153ur Freya \u00e0 quitter leur royaume, le c\u0153ur bris\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b77l5vmp6PYsc98LE6Uf1mXtmHh.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hemsworth (The Huntsman)", "Charlize Theron (Ravenna)", "Emily Blunt (Freya)", "Jessica Chastain (Sara)", "Nick Frost (Nion)", "Sheridan Smith (Mrs. Bromwyn)", "Rob Brydon (Gryff)", "Alexandra Roach (Doreena)", "Sam Claflin (William)", "Colin Morgan (Duke of Blackwood)", "Sophie Cookson (Pippa)", "Sam Hazeldine (Leifr)", "Lynne Wilmot (Bar Wench)", "Alejandro Cuello (Voice and Music)", "Liam Neeson (Narrator)", "Sope Dirisu (Tull)", "Conrad Khan (Young Eric)", "Niamh Walter (Young Sara)", "Nana Agyeman-Bediako (Young Tull)", "Amelia Crouch (Young Pippa)", "Fred Tatasciore (Mirror Man)", "Ralph Ineson (Barkeep)", "Robert Portal (King)", "Robert Wilfort (Nobleman)", "David Mumeni (Lead Soldier)", "Kara Lily Hayworth (Freya's Lady in Waiting)", "Madeleine Worrall (Eric's Mother)", "Chinna Wodu (Huntsman Lookout)", "Andrew Rothney (Servant)", "Tim Delap (Huntsman Guard)", "Antony Acheampong (Huntsman #1)", "Ian Davies (Huntsman #2)", "George Watkins (Huntsman #3)", "Aj Bediako (Huntsman #4)", "Sam Coulson (Snow White Soldier)", "Ryan Donaldson (Soldier)", "Osi Okerafor (Soldier)", "Maya Wasowicz (Woman on Cart)", "Yusuf Hofri (Child)", "Eshan Gopal (Child)", "Jadey Duffield (Huntswomen (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The Huntsman and his romance caught between the two evil sisters.**\r\n\r\nThis is a sequel as well as a prequel to the 2012 film 'Snow White and Huntsman'. It opened with the earlier story where and how the Huntsman grew up, especially the journey of his innocent childhood to a great fighter that covers in the first half an hour. And then it skips for about 7 years where the original film takes place, but immediately begins where it had ended in the first half, as well as the first film. Actually, not a bad film as I have heard of it, but same as the previous film that stands just above the average and slightly loses some decibel rating.\r\n\r\nThe actors were good though. Emily Blunt, Jessica Chastain and Charlize Theron, wow, super hot women, but sadly they are in fairytale costume. Their performances were great, but the characters, particularly the two sisters resemble the 'Frozen's Anna and Elsa. You can feel how desperate was the filmmakers to avoid such comparisons by viewers, so they developed the story very far from any string attached to that famous animation. In the end these things are unavoidable, since the story is not fresh enough to claim its independent status.\r\n\r\nChris Hemsworth was okay, I hope he won't return for the third film. It is a decent watch, and I think it will remain as an duology, for right now it seems a good idea. The problem is it was being made a dark-fantasy to appeal the grown ups, particularly men. But it should have been a children's film where adults too can enjoy like the Disney's 'Maleficent'. Except the opening the rest of the story seemed very ordinary. Though the action sequences were enjoyable and so the film with a low expectation, or the purpose of the watch is the timepass.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is kind of a prequel and a sequel to Snow White and The Huntsman. It is not as impressive as the first movie but quite good anyway. I would call it a nice family movie although probably not for the youngest members of the family.\r\n\r\nThe story is partly before and partly after the events in Snow White and The Huntsman. It is a good adventure with plenty of magic and special effects and a fair bit of action. It is a fairly straightforward story without much in terms of surprises.\r\n\r\nThere is a bit of comical relief in particular by the dwarfs, especially when the two dwarfs following the huntsman encounters the grumpy female one and her friend.\r\n\r\nApart from the classical Snow White setting, quite good special effects and quite decent action this is a fairly normal fantasy adventure movie. It is about two hours of good fun but does not really reach wow-status."}], "recommandations_id": [58595, 262504, 241259, 205584], "youtube_key": "F2-_OQL9fBk"}