{"tmdb_id": 290637, "title": "Pay the Ghost", "original_title": "Pay the Ghost", "slug_title": "pay-the-ghost", "date": "2015-09-16", "genre": ["Thriller / Fantastique"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Mike part \u00e0 la recherche de son fils disparu dans une parade le jour de Halloween. Ses recherches vont le conduire vers d'anciens secrets. Le temps lui est compt\u00e9, les portes du surnaturel ne s'ouvrent qu'une fois par an, s'il veut sauver son fils il va devoir affronter des forces tr\u00e8s anciennes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3ZeaXFlRlZ3DzJ61akU2VotU80X.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Mike)", "Sarah Wayne Callies (Kristen)", "Veronica Ferres (Hannah)", "Lyriq Bent (Jordan)", "Lauren Beatty (Annie)", "Kalie Hunter (Ghost Annie)", "Jack Fulton (Charlie)", "Stephen McHattie (Blind Man)", "Susannah Hoffmann (Jane)", "Mark Irvingsen (Angry Villager #1)", "Liam Buckle (Eldest Child)", "Sofia Wells (Middle Child)", "Aidan Wojtak-Hissong (Youngest Child)", "Caroline Gillis (Priestess)", "Janet Lo (Jai Wen)", "Jamillah Ross (Rhonda)", "Juan Carlos Velis (Cop)", "Alex Mallari Jr. (EMT)", "Rosalba Martinni (Rosa)", "Erin Boyes (Sexy Coed)", "Iain Becking (Student)", "Leah Madison Jung (Mia (as Leah Jung))", "Darren Frost (Ice Cream Vendor)", "Matteo Ghazni (Pablo)", "Breeanna Booth (University Student)", "Milan Carmona (Student)", "Ho Chow (Dai Wok Cook)", "Jaden Estee (Raggedy Ann)", "Eric Haber (Ghost Character, Homeless Character)", "Katerina Kerfoot (Singing Lost Child)", "Elena Khan (Witch)", "Omar Alex Khan (Medical Examiner)", "Elizabeth Jeanne le Roux (Mom)", "Fabio Lusvarghi (Nun (Halloween Parade))", "Maxwell McCabe-Lokos (Mr. Moldanado)", "Benjamin Wiebe (Ghost Child)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> You know the story, but with the different actors and settings!\r\n\r\nOnce a pride actor, now he's doing lots of low cost quick films. The II and III tier directors and producers trying to get the best use of their golden opportunities. So the Nicolas Cage into this after the legal struggle in real life, but people have different opinion without knowing the truth. He definitely would come back to his old form, but it's not known when. All these his recent B films just somewhat shines because of having him onboard. So this flick as well too ordinary and stupid, though watchable because of the Cage.\r\n\r\nThe story was maybe a hundredth adaptation. Anybody with the knowledge of the decent horror films can predict the entire narration. But the different cast, setting, et cetera makes it worth a watch. Definitely not scary or the suspenseful, yet everybody tried their best to make the product better. Only the first half, mostly the first quarter was the better part of the film. So if you pick it on the basis of the story, you will be disappointed badly. This film is not worth unless you're a Cage's fan who backs him every time or love to take chances on the B films. Overall film was okay, but I think the end should have been better. I might have said a few good things about it, but I can't recommend it.\r\n\r\n4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [257087, 353686, 364116, 283686], "youtube_key": "MwnEqB_DhLQ"}