{"tmdb_id": 290764, "title": "Tracers", "original_title": "Tracers", "slug_title": "tracers", "date": "2015-01-15", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Simple coursier, Cam a du mal \u00e0 joindre les deux bouts et croule sous les dettes. Un jour, il renverse \u00e0 v\u00e9lo Nikki. Il tombe instantan\u00e9ment sous le charme de cette fille s\u00e9duisante et complexe. Nikki fait partie d\u2019un gang des rues qui pratique le parkour. Mais au-del\u00e0 des aptitudes athl\u00e9tiques et des prouesses, le gang a d\u2019autres activit\u00e9s parfaitement ill\u00e9gales. Fascin\u00e9 par la jeune femme, Cam la suit bient\u00f4t dans son monde de dangers. Le parkour va l\u2019entra\u00eener vers des territoires o\u00f9 il ne s\u2019\u00e9tait jamais aventur\u00e9, et Cam va bient\u00f4t d\u00e9crocher un job qui peut lui rapporter gros en bossant pour le chef du gang, Miller. Mais les limites sont de plus en plus floues\u2026 S\u2019il ne veut pas y laisser sa peau, Cam va devoir trouver comment se sortir de cet univers inimaginable et inattendu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wnuPPUTWzZnMy0TENS7HHBWR2ho.jpg", "actors": ["Marie Avgeropoulos (Nikki)", "Taylor Lautner (Cam)", "Adam Rayner (Miller)", "Rafi Gavron (Dylan)", "Sam Medina (Hu)", "Luciano Acuna Jr. (Tate)", "Doua Moua (Skinny Jeans)", "Ching Hoh-Wai (Chen)", "Josh Yadon (Jax)", "Johnny M. Wu (Jerry)", "Amirah Vann (Angie)", "Andrew Elvis Miller (Messenger #2)", "Teddy Ca\u00f1ez (Tough Detective)", "John Cenatiempo (Carhartt Man)", "Brian Michael (Security Guard #1)", "Joseph Harrell (Security Guard #2)", "Kachina Dechert (Young Girl #1)", "Chris Jackson (Lonnie)", "Henry Yuk (Chinese Man)", "Doug Drucker (Rough Man)", "Angela Pietropinto (Waitress)", "Christian Steele (Joey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Okay, so maybe cinema life has not been so kind to hunky hotshot Taylor Lautner in the aftermath of the phenomenon \u2018Twilight\u2019 film series that had a majority of hysterical young female admirers drooling over their bags of stale movie house popcorn. The good news for the youthful muscled Romeo is that there will be \u2018Twilight\u2019 tarts lining up just to see Lautner read the middle section of your Aunt Mabel\u2019s phonebook. In the derivative and disjointed street thriller \u2018Tracers\u2019, the chiseled Lautner will certainly be a draw for the hormonal honeys out there looking for an excuse to scream at the top of their hysterical lungs. As a vanity vehicle for the ex-Twilight lothario the underwhelming \u2018Tracers\u2019 may very well take a backseat to the option of watching the film\u2019s star recite the aforementioned phonebook.\r\n\r\nThe best sell in \u2018Tracers\u2019 is indeed Lautner\u2019s kinetic physicality for athletically bouncing around in a synthetic, boneless urban suspense piece. The doubts are not questioned in Lautner\u2019s labeling as being an impressive physical specimen. After all, the performer certainly gives it his all in assuring that his fitness and finesse are on display to charge \u2018Tracers\u2019 with a sense of fueled urgency. It is too bad that director Daniel Benmayor oversees a fast-paced but flaccid actioner that offers a skimpy story in between the impressive gymnastic gestures of Lautner\u2019s harried character.\r\n\r\nSo what is the fundamental foundation that feeds the relevance of \u2018Tracers\u2019 existence? Well, in addition to showing off the streetwise marvelous moves as demonstrated by the movie\u2019s lead star, the gimmick involves acrobatic movements known as parkour. Hey, \u2018Tracers\u2019\u2026the mid-80s called and it wants its outdated fad back! Sure, the art of parkour was indeed an instrumental wonderment that gave distinction to the awe-dropping French import \u2018District B13\u2032 but, in the case of \u2018Tracers\u2019, the stunts looks woefully repetitive and never really gives any considerable flavor to the strained action or transparent storyline.\r\n\r\nNew York-based bike messenger Cam (Lautner) zips through the streets much like an errand bullet from a shaky gun. The cluttered and busy streets of the Big Apple does not stop Cam from doing what he does best on bicycle wheels in terms of darting to his assigned destinations. However, the crafty Cam receives some considerable heat when he is targeted by tough Chinese gangsters to whom he owes some big time money. Cam\u2019s antagonistic street thugs are not too patient with the beleaguered biker to grant them an expected payback. Bottom line: Cam needs to pay up or he and his loved ones will pay the ultimate price by being snuffed out from the street-minded riff raff.\r\n\r\nThings start to look up for the compromised Cam when his accidental bike crash results in his meeting (and inevitable attraction) to the fetching bad girl Nikki (Maria Avgeropoulos). The \u2018parkour princess\u2019 was ducking and dodging the cops prior to her rimmed run-in with Cam. Nikki, both sensual and sinister, triggers Cam\u2019s imagination and spoils him instantly with a new bike, not to mention his introduction to her parkour partners-in-crime, a bunch of high-flying, graffiti-loving street renegades that spend the majority of the time leaping and flipping on the city\u2019s concrete surfaces. Nikki\u2019s clique seem to hop and bop more convincingly than a twitchy kangaroo with a hot foot. Alas, Cam has a new crew and has adapted to the physical philosophies of parkour where he predictably excels at without question. Even the hyperactive group\u2019s leader Miller (Adam Raynor) is tickled by Cam\u2019s ability to soar in the air and make the hardened urban streets his personalized pouncing playground.\r\n\r\nIn its own clumsy way, \u2018Tracers\u2019 is well-intentioned because it strives to promote the art of parkour in the spirit of all those conveyor belt break-dancing movies that the studios kept churning out in the mid-1980s. There are some spunky and well shot scenes with New York\u2019s edgy landscape as the convenient backdrop for action-packed mischievousness. Plus \u2018Tracers\u2019  is\u2026um\u2026Taylor-made for the fit-looking Lautner to showcase his inherent athleticism on full display for the masses (read: the ladies) to be awed over with wonderment. Nevertheless, \u2018Tracers\u2019 never taps into anything innovative or creative to go along with the aerobatic awareness that the movie pushes so eagerly.  The flat and thinly-veiled story, patched-together montages of parkour-inspired pluckiness, the toothless tease of an eye-rolling love triangle among Lautner\u2019s Cam, Avgeropoulos\u2019s Nikki and Raynor\u2019s Miller and the ambivalence of Lautner\u2019s Cam to stroll in the garden of trouble-making tendencies all renders \u2018Tracers\u2019 as a weak-kneed crime caper that ironically lacks any genuine animated bounce-and-pounce.\r\n\r\nGranted this flimsy, frenetic vehicle is structured for Lautner\u2019s on-screen fitness skill set but the spotty material never quite capitalizes on the star\u2019s charisma or potential to enhance the skimpy plot with some meaty revelation. The stunning Avgeropoulos serves as automatic eye candy but her Nikki never manages to muster up any mysteriousness or cunning curiosity pertaining to her \u2018dangerous diva\u2019 persona.\r\n\r\nIndeed, the pulsating platitudes in Benmayor\u2019s impish but incomplete tumble-and-rumble tale is without a noticeable trace.\r\n\r\nTracers (2015)\r\n\r\nSaban Films\r\n\r\n1 hr  34 mins.\r\n\r\ncast: Taylor Lautner, Maria Avgeropoulos, Adam Raynor, Rafi Gavron, Sam Medina, Luciano Acuna Jr., Josh Yadon and Johnny M. Wu\r\n\r\nDirected by: Daniel Benmayor\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Action and Adventure, Crime Caper, Intrigue and Suspense\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: * 1/2 stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Recycled theme with the bike and Parkour stunts.\r\n\r\nI think the first time I saw a movie that had Parkour in it was the 'District B13'. After that plenty of flicks came, among them this one as well. The movie was about a struggling young bike messenger who meets a girl belong to Parkour gang. Later he joins them that changes his fate, but whether he gets the girl or not, that tells with the thrilling story development and some amazing stunts.\r\n\r\nEver since the 'Twilight' series, I wanted Taylor Lautner to make his foot steady in his acting career. Because I was rooting his werewolves gang in that movie. His last movie I saw was three years ago, 'Abducted' that did not go well. At least this one looked much better, but not enough. Like always I hope he comes back stronger.\r\n\r\nConsidering this film, the story was as old as the cinemas. A reused plot, there's nothing new. More like another version of 'Point Break', but everything was under a limit. Adding the Parkour and bike stunts to it, gives somewhat a new flavour. The young actors and fresh faces were highlights. From coming under the B movie category, it is simply a nice entertainer, but appraising from the out of that, definitely a disappointment. In the end everything is how you look it and what you get from it.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [265208, 59965, 248574, 241554]}