{"tmdb_id": 290762, "title": "Ma meilleure amie", "original_title": "Miss You Already", "slug_title": "ma-meilleure-amie", "date": "2015-09-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Milly et Jess sont deux meilleures amies ins\u00e9parables depuis l\u2019enfance. Alors que Milly se voit diagnostiquer une grave maladie, Jess tombe enceinte de son premier enfant...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pwffB2oYdhoMcJYpCFvFycpyp4h.jpg", "actors": ["Drew Barrymore (Jess)", "Toni Collette (Milly)", "Dominic Cooper (Kit)", "Jacqueline Bisset (Miranda)", "Paddy Considine (Jago)", "Noah Huntley (Company Executive)", "Tyson Ritter (Ace)", "Mehmet Ferda (Ahmed)", "Frances de la Tour (Jill the Wigmaker)", "Janice Acquah (Nisha)", "Honor Kneafsey (Scarlett)", "Shola Adewusi (Athena)", "Lukas Rolfe (Little Lord)", "Charlotte Hope (Teenage Jess)", "Sophie Holland (Teenage Milly)", "Fjokra (Lead Singer)", "Max Rinehart (Teenage Kit)", "Grace Schneider (Jess (10 yrs))", "Sophie Brown (Scarlett (3 yrs))", "Lucinda Raikes (Teacher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> In a rare case when friendship comes before the family...\r\n\r\nThis is not like one of those you have already seen cancer themed film, there's two main characters and their two sets of struggles. They both are very close friends since childhood. When they grow up, one settles down comfortably in life, but fall seriously ill and another one struggles to build a family.\r\n\r\nI think the film's strength was the development in every scene without wasting a bit. There's always something happens that keeps us alive. I expected the usual, but it gave me a different entertainment. In the movie everything was between two friends, even each had their own family to care about, this story concentrated what came between them and how they fought together.\r\n\r\nGreat direction, shot in wonderful places, but the actors were decent. They should have been better, especially Toni Collette. To me the sentiments were very weak knowing the theme belong to the tearjerkers. Initially you might think it is a female version of '50/50', almost it was, but tried to be a different with additional story expansion. Overall a good movie, little fun to watch, you might enjoy it, but I can't guarantee.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [353069, 260001, 330483, 306745], "youtube_key": "kP6iAjcExfw"}