{"tmdb_id": 290745, "title": "The Rainbow Warrior", "original_title": "The Rainbow Warrior", "slug_title": "the-rainbow-warrior", "date": "1993-05-22", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Peter Wilcox (Voight), as skipper of the 'Rainbow Warrior', a  Greenpeace ship, docks in Auckland, July 1985, preparing for a  protest against French nuclear testing in the south pacific. When  a bomb rips open the vessel, killing a crew member, he must  convince the police superintendent (Neill) that this is an act of  terrorism. Determined not to allow outside forces to threaten  their harbor, the police embark on a pursuit of the persons  responsible. The events that follow nearly bring down an allied  nation's government.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rTYII14FBGlqU5AOzNl8Ta259SL.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Voight (Peter Willcox)", "Sam Neill (Chief Inspector Alan Galbraith)", "Bruno Lawrence (Detective Sr. Sgt. Terry Batchelor)", "Kerry Fox (Andrea Joyce)", "John Callen (PM David Lange)", "Peter Hambleton (Maury Whitham)", "Greg Johnson (Bert White)", "Stephen O'Rourke (Eddie)", "Stig Eldreg (Steve Sawyer)", "Lucy Lawless (Jane Redmond)", "Alison Bruce (Leslie Holbrook)", "Dale Stevens (Amy)", "Mark Ferguson (Det. Neil Morris)", "Nigel Harbrow (Fernando Pereira)", "Bert Van Dijk (Bruno Ullman)", "Joanna Briant (Det. Robin Borrie)", "Clinton Ulyatt (Const. Adam Kelly)", "Donogh Rees (Lab Supervisor)", "Bruce Phillips (Dr. Nicolas Legrange)", "Bruce Allpress (Hec Crene)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "HrUx8azelWQ"}