{"tmdb_id": 290825, "title": "Yoga Hosers", "original_title": "Yoga Hosers", "slug_title": "yoga-hosers", "date": "2016-07-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Horreur", "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Colleen et Colleen ont 15 ans et demi et sont meilleures amies. Elles vont \u00e0 l'\u00e9cole ensemble, font du yoga ensemble, jouent dans un groupe et travaillent au m\u00eame endroit. Quand deux gar\u00e7ons plus \u00e2g\u00e9s les invitent \u00e0 une soir\u00e9e elles sont bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9es \u00e0 y aller m\u00eame si un esprit mal\u00e9fique vient perturber leurs plans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/feIjd2XVj4d5f1sh7GdJ0eCPBOK.jpg", "actors": ["Lily-Rose Depp (Colleen Collette)", "Harley Quinn Smith (Colleen McKenzie)", "Justin Long (Yogi Bayer)", "Austin Butler (Hunter Calloway)", "Adam Brody (Ichabod)", "Ralph Garman (Old Man Arcane)", "Tony Hale (Bob Collette)", "Natasha Lyonne (Tabitha)", "Haley Joel Osment (Adrien Arcand)", "Vanessa Paradis (Ms. Maurice)", "Ashley Greene ('Peg Mom)", "Jack Depp ('Peg Son)", "Tyler Posey (Gordon Greenleaf)", "G\u00e9nesis Rodr\u00edguez (Ms. Wicklund)", "Johnny Depp (Guy Lapointe)", "Kevin Smith (The Bratzis)", "Stan Lee (Dispatcher)", "Jennifer Schwalbach Smith (Mrs. McKenzie)", "Kevin Conroy (Canadian Bat, Man!)", "Jason Mewes (Rogue Cop)", "Harley Morenstein (Toilet Paper Man)", "Sasheer Zamata (Principal Invincible)", "Joel Shock (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Christopher Drake (Disgruntled Eh-2-Zed Customer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**In yoga, you're right and they're wrong.**\r\n\r\nThey have targeted two things in this film. Mocking yoga and attacking (film) critics. They knew the film wouldn't be good enough for film critics, so they used an indirect attempt to slam them. And for as yoga, martial arts would have been a better idea, though they wanted the spiritual effect. Especially from the perspective of two current generation girls.\r\n\r\n> \"This is so basic.\"\r\n\r\nThis is a spin-off of the director's previous film, 'Tusk', starring Justin Long and he can be seen in this as well in a different role. A tale of two high school girls who work part time in their father's mini supermarket. They are passionate about yoga and got a best yogi to train them. But when they encounter an unexpected threat, they exploit everything they have learnt to tackle the situation. That's the story, and then follows the conclusion.\r\n\r\nWith this, Johnny Depp's daughter Lily Rose was introduced to the film world. I did not know he was in this, I had to find out after I heard his voice, but he was in a completely unrecognisable appearance. Father, daughter working together, that too in her first film, really wonderful to hear, but the choice of film does not convince. Seems a good concept, but a bad story and execution. Particularly, it was like a 40 minute television episode, so for a feature film it was too short and stupid. At least it is watchable, but not worthy, so I suggest you to make a right choice if you haven't seen it.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [246403, 48572, 332285, 179267]}