{"tmdb_id": 29095, "title": "Waxwork", "original_title": "Waxwork", "slug_title": "waxwork", "date": "1988-06-17", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe d'adolescents est invit\u00e9 dans un curieux mus\u00e9e de cire qui reprend de c\u00e9l\u00e8bres classiques de la litt\u00e9rature.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7FZoShrHzTcYW55779Iw4tlQ9MI.jpg", "actors": ["Zach Galligan (Mark Loftmore)", "Deborah Foreman (Sarah Brightman)", "Michelle Johnson (China Webster)", "David Warner (Waxwork Man)", "Dana Ashbrook (Tony)", "John Rhys-Davies (Werewolf)", "Clare Carey (Gemma)", "Jennifer Bassey (Mrs. Loftmore)", "Joe Baker (Jenkins)", "Eric Brown (James)", "Buckley Norris (Lecturer)", "Micah Grant (Johnathan)", "Mihaly 'Michu' Meszaros (Augusto)", "Miles O'Keeffe (Count Dracula)", "Christopher Bradley (Stephan)", "Julian Forbes (Police Driver)", "Patrick Macnee (Sir Wilfred)", "J. Kenneth Campbell (Marquis de Sade)", "Jack David Walker (Junior)", "Nelson Welch (Werewolf Killer)", "James D.R. Hickox (Werewolf Killer's Assistant)", "Irene Olga L\u00f3pez (Maid)", "Charles McCaughan (Inspector Roberts)", "Edward Ashley (Professor Sutherland)", "Anthony Hickox (English Prince)", "Staffan Ahrenberg (French Guard)", "Tom MacGreevey (Charles)", "Gabriella Dufwa (Courtesan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Monster mash-up in wax.\r\n\r\nWaxwork is written and directed by Anthony Hickox. It stars Zach Galligan, Deborah Foreman, Michelle Johnson, David Warner, Dana Ashbrook, Miles O\u2019Keefe, Patrick Macnee and John Rhys-Davies. Music is by Roger Bellon and cinematography by Gerry Lively.\r\n\r\nA sort of portmanteau horror film made on a TV standard budget. Plot in simple terms has a bunch of pretty young adults unwisely accept an invite to visit the mysterious new wax museum that has suddenly appeared in town: At midnight! What follows is a number of stories that find members of the group magically transported into the realm of an exhibit, such as werewolf, vampire etc, and end up as part of the exhibit themselves. Can the hero in waiting save the day?\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a fun homage of a movie, playing very much firmly with tongue in cheek. The presence of some horror stalwarts in the cast is reassuring, and the effects work isn\u2019t half bad. Some of the acting is poor from the younger cast members, and while it\u2019s not hard to forgive a low budgeted movie its failings, it\u2019s still annoying that the actors playing the wax models can\u2019t keep still, while the set nearly falls down at one point. The photography is also too cloudy at times, Gerry Lively\u2019s filters straining for colour ambiance.\r\n\r\nStill, it\u2019s a decent time filler that\u2019s made with love by a horror fan for horror fans. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [28762, 24929, 16288, 14240], "youtube_key": "notfound"}