{"tmdb_id": 29106, "title": "Le myst\u00e9rieux docteur Korvo", "original_title": "Whirlpool", "slug_title": "le-mysterieux-docteur-korvo", "date": "1949-11-28", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "La femme d'un psychanalyste tombe sous l'emprise d'un hypnotiseur retors quand celui-ci d\u00e9couvre qu'elle est kleptomane.  L\"un des anciens patients du charlatan, d\u00e9sormais trait\u00e9 par son mari, est retrouv\u00e9 assassin\u00e9, alors qu'elle se trouve sur les lieux et que tout semble l'accuser.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6fdaBc7h1kNm9O6npuDxeJbResP.jpg", "actors": ["Gene Tierney (Ann Sutton)", "Richard Conte (Dr. William 'Bill' Sutton)", "Jos\u00e9 Ferrer (David Korvo (as Jose Ferrer))", "Charles Bickford (Lt. James Colton)", "Barbara O'Neil (Theresa \"Terry\" Randolph)", "Eduard Franz (Martin Avery)", "Constance Collier (Tina Cosgrove)", "Fortunio Bonanova (Feruccio di Ravallo)", "Lawrence Dobkin (Dr. Wayne)", "Robert Foulk (Policeman Andy)", "Larry Keating (Mr. Simms)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A successful marriage is usually based on what a husband and wife don't know about each other.\r\n\r\nAn interesting and divisive film noir thriller directed by Otto Preminger and written by Ben Hecht (under the blacklist pseudonym Lester Barstow) and Andrew Solt. Adapted from the novel \"Methinks the Lady\" written by Guy Endore, the film Stars Gene Tierney, Richard Conte, Jos\u00e9 Ferrer, and Charles Bickford. Arthur C. Miller is the cinematographer and David Raksin, under the watchful eye of Alfred Newman, provides the music.\r\n\r\nThe plot sees Ann Sutton (Tierney), the wife of a successful psychoanalyst (Conte), arrested for shoplifting since she has some kleptomania issues. Just when it seems Ann is about to be thrust into a world of scandal, she is saved by smooth-talking hypnotist called David Korvo (Ferrer). Korvo, however, is not what he seems to be, and Ann soon finds herself involved in blackmail and murder and her marriage on the brink of collapse. Confused and emotionally torn, Ann is unsure whether or not she has committed a crime. It looks bleak unless her husband or the police can get to the bottom of the murky mystery.\r\n\r\nCombining a psychological thriller core with overt melodramatics, Whirlpool has still to convince many of the film noir hoards as to its worth. Some critics find the concept of the story silly and hard to take, whilst others have gone a step further to suggest that Preminger and Hecht have merely remade Hitchcock's Gregory Peck starrer Spellbound (Hecht on screenplay duties there too) from four years earlier. Either way, and putting a noirish sheen on a Hitchcock movie is no bad thing by the way, Preminger's movie is a compelling little piece of cinema. The central theme of hypnosis as a weapon gives the film a dark edge and Preminger nicely portrays a world containing sympathetically flawed characters. While in the form of Ferrer's oily slick Korvo, film noir gets a most intriguing Mabuse/Freudian like villain of high entertainment value.\r\n\r\nTierney doesn't have to do much here, asked to portray confusion and a almost constant state of hypnotism, she delivers well enough whilst always remaining innocently sexy. Conte's woodenness as the husband oddly benefits the story, while also worthy of a mention is the ever watchable Charles Bickford as Lt. Colton, a thinking man's copper, Bickford keeps it serious as the daftness of the plot threatens to submerge and unhinge the drama.\r\n\r\nFrowned upon by big hitting American critics, the film found support from notable Frenchies Rivette and Godard. It seems that like myself, they also liked the quirky and creepy nature of the beast. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35017, 26243, 27203, 42062], "youtube_key": "huqyli8aE_g"}