{"tmdb_id": 291173, "title": "Nice girls, don't cry!", "original_title": "Sz\u00e9p l\u00e1nyok, ne s\u00edrjatok!", "slug_title": "nice-girls-don-t-cry", "date": "1970-09-07", "genre": ["Musique / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Savany\u00fa and his friend work at a plant. After the monotonous shifts they engage in the pleasures of the afternoon and the night, i.e. parties and concerts. Savany\u00fa dates Juli, they are already engaged. The young men live as sub-tenants, the young women in workers' hostels. None of these places are suited for spending time together. They are in need of an apartment. Out of the ruinous apartment which they lay siege on, however, they are sent away by the otherwise friendly policeman. At a concert held in the Park of Youth, Juli gets to know G\u00e9za. They flirt, then go to the country with a pop-group. Savany\u00fa and his friends follow them. A minor fight cools the atmosphere.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jeMRXXoxPFHtRlT28fkPsqRiwMf.jpg", "actors": ["Jaroslava Schallerov\u00e1 (Juli)", "Kati S\u00edr (Juli (hangja))", "Zala M\u00e1rk (Savany\u00fa)", "Lajos Bal\u00e1zsovits (G\u00e9za,zen\u00e9sz)", "Blask\u00f3 P\u00e9ter (Zsir\u00e1f,Juli b\u00e1tyja)", "Kosztol\u00e1nyi Bal\u00e1zs (Savany\u00fa bar\u00e1tja)", "Bal\u00e1zs Tardy ()", "Kov\u00e1cs J\u00f3zsef ()", "Ildik\u00f3 Piros (Juli bar\u00e1tn\u00f5je)", "Ila Sch\u00fctz (Juli bar\u00e1tn\u00f5je)", "Erzsi Cserhalmi ()", "Katalin Tak\u00e1cs ()", "Judit Szamosi ()", "Judit Szamosi ()", "Gy\u00f6ngyv\u00e9r Sz\u00e1sz B. ()", "Bujtor Istv\u00e1n (Rend\u00f5r)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}