{"tmdb_id": 291283, "title": "Yes: The Gates of Q.P.R.", "original_title": "Yes: The Gates of Q.P.R.", "slug_title": "yes-the-gates-of-q-p-r", "date": "1975-05-10", "genre": ["Documentaire / Musique"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Yes, live in 1975 (May 10), from the Relayer tour. Played in Queens Park Rangers stadium in London, England, UK with Seals &amp; Crofts, Gryphon, and Ace. The shot is pro, the audio is soundboard, but apparently not a multi-track. This was originally a bootleg, and then later re-leased on DVD by former band manager Brian Lane without band involvement or blessing. Generally considered the best concert video of the tour.  Disc One:\r Introduction - Igor Stravinsky: Firebird Suite\r Sound Chaser\r Close to the Edge  I. \"The Solid TIme of Change\"  II. \"Total Mass Retain\"  III. \"I Get Up, I Get Down\"  IV. \"Seasons of Man\"\r To Be Over\r The Gates of Delirium\r I've Seen All Good People: Your Move\r Mood for a Day\r Long Distance Runaround (acoustic)\r Cacha\u00e7a\r Clap  Disc Two:\r And You and I  I. \"Cord of Life\"  II. \"Eclipse\"  III. \"The Preacher, The Teacher\"  IV. \"Apocalypse\"\r Ritual (Nous Sommes du Soleil)\r Roundabout\r Sweet Dreams\r Yours is No Disgrace", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6700pwJHfuhKQcBbGwJIUjkg0X2.jpg", "actors": ["Jon Anderson (Vocals, Percussion)", "Steve Howe (Guitar, Vocals)", "Steve Howe (Keyboards)", "Chris Squire (Bass Guitar, Vocals)", "Chris Squire (Percussion)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "F9yGBW-jI0I"}