{"tmdb_id": 291264, "title": "La Famille Fang", "original_title": "The Family Fang", "slug_title": "la-famille-fang", "date": "2016-04-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Les parents de la famille Fang sont des artistes excentriques. Ils ont pendant longtemps utilis\u00e9 leurs enfants pour les besoins de leurs spectacles. Des ann\u00e9es apr\u00e8s avoir quitt\u00e9 le domicile parental, les enfants, Annie et Buster d\u00e9cident de rendre visite \u00e0 leurs parents. Mais leur visite correspond \u00e0 la cr\u00e9ation par leurs parents d'un nouveau et ultime num\u00e9ro, aussi spectaculaire que morbide...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wunpC0IaKqQ0LbI159tmBtzfrYA.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Bateman (Buster Fang)", "Nicole Kidman (Annie Fang)", "Christopher Walken (Caleb Fang)", "Alexandra Wentworth (Sally Schiff)", "Marin Ireland (Suzanne Crosby)", "Maryann Plunkett (Camille Fang)", "Kathryn Hahn (Young Camille)", "Michael Chernus (Kenny)", "Josh Pais (Freeman)", "Grainger Hines (Sheriff Hale)", "Jason Butler Harner (Young Caleb)", "Harris Yulin (Hobart Waxman)", "Jaiden Kaine (Confused Customer)", "Linda Emond (Miss Delano)", "Mackenzie Brooke Smith (Young Annie Fang (age 9))", "Taylor Rose (Young Annie Fang (at 18))", "Patrick Mitchell (Linus)", "Eugenia Kuzmina ()", "Steve Witting (Art Critic)", "Scott Shepherd (Art Critic)", "Frank Harts (Officer Dahlberg)", "Genevieve Adams (Florida Cashier)", "Claire Glassford (Cashier)", "Abigail Friend (Younger sibling)", "Audrey Lynn Weston (Janey)", "Danny Burstein (Eric Wilcox)", "Gabriel Ebert (Joseph)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The puzzle behind the disappearance of the pranksters.\r\n\r\nI still remember the Jason Bateman's feature film debute as a director a couple of years ago. He really did good and now this is his second. It was adapted from the book of the same name that tells the story of a brother and sister who begin to investigate their mysteriously disappeared parents. With some flashbacks, which reveals how these two grew up with their famous prank artist parents.\r\n\r\nWhen I saw the opening scene, I was really excited and thought the film would be like this throughout. And then obviously it changed its course towards the mystery surrounding parts that set in the present time. But I did not feel those developments were bad, except the final act, especially the ending surely a let down. Actually, it was not bad, only expected a better one.\r\n\r\nThe story certainly created the atmosphere where the viewers begin their predictions. That's the issue, because it failed to deliver par with the audience anticipation. Like maybe some smart twist or the edgy scenes before concluding would have done good.\r\n\r\nJason Bateman and Nicole Kidman with their multiple roles like actors, producers et cetera should have been the hefty load, but I think they managed well. Though the film was okay type, had its moments that did not last very long. I don't know what the novel fans say about the film, but I think I dissatisfied with the source material. Overall once watchable film, especially without any extraordinary expectations, because it is a simple drama with some amount of comedy and suspense.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 347881, 324245, 267457], "youtube_key": "notfound"}