{"tmdb_id": 291272, "title": "We Are Still Here", "original_title": "We Are Still Here", "slug_title": "we-are-still-here", "date": "2015-06-05", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9c\u00e8s de leur fils dans un accident de voiture, Paul et Anne d\u00e9cident d\u2019aller vivre \u00e0 la campagne, dans la paisible Nouvelle-Angleterre, afin de commencer une nouvelle vie. Mais, sans le savoir, le couple en deuil va devenir la proie d\u2019une famille d'esprits vengeurs qui habitent dans leur nouvelle maison. Paul et Anne seront alors amen\u00e9s \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir que le village, si tranquille en apparence, o\u00f9 ils r\u00e9sident d\u00e9sormais, cache en fait un sombre et terrifiant secret\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oTslO8AmYYGaFr6MCiIv3F30vWv.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Crampton (Anne Sacchetti)", "Andrew Sensenig (Paul Sacchetti)", "Lisa Marie (May Lewis)", "Larry Fessenden (Jacob Lewis)", "Monte Markham (Dave McCabe)", "Susan Gibney (Maddie)", "Michael Patrick Nicholson (Harry Lewis)", "Kelsea Dakota (Daniella)", "Guy Gane (Lassander Dagmar)", "Elissa Dowling (Eloise Dagmar)", "Zorah Burress (Fiona Dagmar)", "Marvin Patterson (Joe the Electrician)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A pretty decent horror flick if not a masterpiece.\r\n\r\nNot a horror film of the year yet it narrates a quite interesting story in a simple manner. The title itself reveals everything about it. It revolves around a couple who had lost their only child in a car crash. When they move into a country house, they won't relaise it is haunted until it was too late. Obviously the reason behind the house is occupied by the dark forces was disclosed, but like any horror film it had waited until the third act to do so.\r\n\r\nThis story actually sets in the 70s. The clothes, hairstyles, language, cars, and the buildings, they all take us to the 40 years back, but the screenplay was a disappointment. Like I said it was not trying to be a very clever, but filled with predictable stuffs. Anybody could guess any scenes in the movie and he usually won't be wrong. That's the this film's negativity, other than that it was an okay type.\r\n\r\nNot fully impressed by the performances, it was decent though. But the characters were good and shot in a fine location and its surrounds. For a small budget with the unfamiliar faces and an unheard director, it was not that bad, especially the length of the film was too short to feel boring.\r\n\r\nThis kind of films are not worth recommending, but keeping in my that horror films are usually gets a low rating, even 50-50 rated films too can be considered as a watchable. So all I', saying is that just be careful while deciding on this.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [296065, 265010, 312831, 46221]}