{"tmdb_id": 291351, "title": "Nos souvenirs", "original_title": "The Sea of Trees", "slug_title": "nos-souvenirs", "date": "2016-04-27", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu\u2019il semble d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 mettre fin \u00e0 ses jours dans la for\u00eat d\u2019Aokigahara, au pied du Mont Fuji, Arthur Brennan se rem\u00e9more les moments les plus marquants de sa vie de couple : sa rencontre avec sa femme Joan, leur amour, mais aussi l\u2019usure de leur couple et leur \u00e9loignement progressif. Paradoxalement, une \u00e9preuve dramatique va leur ouvrir les yeux, renforcer leurs sentiments et les r\u00e9unir \u00e0 nouveau. Alors qu\u2019il revit ses souvenirs de couple, Arthur r\u00e9alise comme cette passion a marqu\u00e9 sa vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/siAIdAMnZ3Q4j2JGnxGopK0YM3G.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Arthur Brennan)", "Ken Watanabe (Takumi Nakamura)", "Naomi Watts (Joan Brennan)", "Katie Aselton (Gabriella Laforte)", "Jordan Gavaris (Eric)", "James Saito (Dr Takahashi)", "Ai Yoshihara (Mental Health Specialist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**In an attempt to end life, discovering the life itself!**\r\n\r\nActually, this was a better film than what I have heard of it. It is like another version of 'The Constant Gardener'. About a man who never understood his wife, feels guilty while finding some answers after her depart. During his attempt to kill himself in the famous Aokigahara forest, also known as suicide forest, he meets a Japanese man who got lost and befriends. While trying to help him find his way out, they face some unexpected obstacles. Beside, the flashback stories were narrated alongside, piece by piece to reveal earlier account.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Good Will Hunting', the film is about the survival and fighting the loss and depression. Too slow, so patience is the key to watch it. A bit long narrative, but in the end it is worth. The developments were not that interesting, though the final twist which is kind of simple and predictable makes us a little happier. Great cast, particularly McConaughey, though Naomi and Watanabe in the fine supportive roles.\r\n\r\nFor me this is a good film. I think some people, as well as the film critics got all wrong. I'm not saying it is a must see, but it is a different and a decent film even for the average people. The problem with this is the weak screenplay. Familiarity is the right word here, because you could foresee the direction of the progression before every scene. Still, the performances, beautiful locations, all make it an alright film. Normal people should think twice before try it, but the film fanatics should not hesitate to go for it. That means this film is for the selected viewers.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [267192, 435035, 293767, 326285]}