{"tmdb_id": 291328, "title": "L'Exception \u00e0 la r\u00e8gle", "original_title": "Rules Don't Apply", "slug_title": "l-exception-a-la-regle", "date": "2016-11-23", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Hollywood, 1958. Une jeune actrice prometteuse et son jeune chauffeur ambitieux se confrontent aux excentricit\u00e9s de l\u2019impr\u00e9visible milliardaire pour lequel ils travaillent. Ils finissent par tomber amoureux \u00e0 l\u2019encontre des r\u00e8gles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tODM3IervLotPDwUFNaJvjTcNpG.jpg", "actors": ["Warren Beatty (Howard Hughes)", "Alec Baldwin (Bob Maheu)", "Annette Bening (Lucy Mabrey)", "Matthew Broderick (Levar Mathis)", "Lily Collins (Marla Mabrey)", "Alden Ehrenreich (Frank Forbes)", "Haley Bennett (Mamie Murphy)", "Candice Bergen (Nadine Henly)", "Dabney Coleman (Raymond Holliday)", "Ed Harris (Mr. Bransford)", "Martin Sheen (Noah Dietrich)", "Paul Sorvino (Vernon Scott)", "Oliver Platt (Forester)", "Amy Madigan (Mrs. Bransford)", "Taissa Farmiga (Sarah Bransford)", "Michael Badalucco (Solly)", "Steve Coogan (Colonel Nigel Briggs)", "Megan Hilty (Sally)", "Paul Schneider (Richard Miskin)", "Chace Crawford (Young Actor)", "Eileen Ryan (Frank's Grandmother)", "Patrick Fischler (Director)", "Ron Perkins (Senator Ferguson)", "Peter MacKenzie (Gene Handsaker)", "Julio Oscar Mechoso (President Somoza)", "Joshua Malina (Herb)", "Hart Bochner (Colonel Willis)", "Ashley Hamilton (Rudolf)", "Caitlin Carver (Marla Lookalike)", "Evan O\u2019Toole (Matt Mabrey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A film director, his actress and her driver!**\r\n\r\nI kind of felt deja vu. I don't remember the title, but it was similar to this from the recent time, where it revolves around a taxi driver and a woman who wanted to be an actress. In this the distinct feature was the Beatty's role. After returning from the retirement, he's in business now. Directing it, as well as in one of the prominent characters. An 80 years old and still has left lots of spark in him. It was really a great comeback, yet the film is not fully convincing. Even though an enjoyable one, particularly for the awesome performances by all.\r\n\r\nThe film was about Howard Hughes, but I don't know whether it is a biopic or just inspired by. Anyway, it was in the backdrop of Hollywood film industry. The story takes place between three characters, including a driver, film director and a wanted to be an actress. Triangular romance, but not exactly a romance film. Everything was drama, on the struggles between their professions. Often the narration jumps off to Hughes other business affairs. Overall, it comes back to the original path and takes us to the conclusion.\r\n\r\nA very slow screenplay. I'm used to such kind of narration, so I did not find any hard to finish it off. But it won't be same for others, especially if you are not interested in what the film plot deals with. And it is over two hours long. It covered everything it wanted to tell us. They should have avoided them, to make the film a bit quick which would have worked in its favour. Beatty is a very conscious man. Look at the Oscars, he knew the error, but while having a doubt, his partner hurried and announced the winner. I hope he makes another film very soon and stun everybody who criticised this one.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [340611, 337426, 443055, 390777], "youtube_key": "yW6HIUHkKPk"}