{"tmdb_id": 291549, "title": "Assassination", "original_title": "\uc554\uc0b4", "slug_title": "assassination", "date": "2015-07-22", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "En 1933, la Cor\u00e9e vit sous l\u2019occupation japonaise. Le gouvernement provisoire cor\u00e9en demande \u00e0 Yeom, personnalit\u00e9 de la r\u00e9sistance, de recruter trois mercenaires qui auront pour objectif d\u2019\u00e9liminer deux figures importantes de l\u2019Occupation. Mais certains pr\u00e9f\u00e8reraient voir cet assassinat \u00e9chouer, et engagent Hawa\u00ef Pistol, tueur \u00e0 gages redoutable, pour supprimer les trois assassins avant qu\u2019ils n\u2019accomplissent leur mission.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ePfORBEfwZq8MmpEcMZZckLJbWt.jpg", "actors": ["Jun Ji-hyun (Ahn Ok-yun)", "Ha Jung-woo (Hawaii Pistol)", "Lee Jung-jae (Yeom Seok-jin)", "Oh Dal-su (Pomade)", "Cho Jin-woong (Chu Sang-ok (\"Big Gun\"))", "Lee Kyung-young (Kang In-gook)", "Choi Duk-moon (Hwang Deok-sam)", "Park Byung-eun (Kawaguchi)", "Kim Eui-sung (Butler)", "Jin Kyung (Ahn Seong-sim)", "Heo Ji-won (Myeong-woo)", "Kim Hong-pa (Kim Goo)", "Kim Hae-sook (Bar Owner)", "Keum Sae-rok (Perfume Saleswoman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The fight within them is to free the nation from a foreign power.\r\n\r\nI remember that a few years ago I loved 'Jeon Woo-Chi' from this same director. It was so awesome, the mix between the modern world and ancient myth with the usual Korean style presentation, a little different from other similar western films due to the cultural difference. After that, this the second movie of his I am watching and I had two opposite thoughts in the two halves of the movie.\r\n\r\nInitially, I felt I chose a wrong movie. One of the reason was, I could not get the film characters right due to complicated introductions. Too many main characters and that's a too much to recognise if you're not a Korean or not familiar with the Korean faces/actors. Somewhat I was confused, at least in the first quarter. In the second half, especially after the story moved to Korean, I get used to it and afterwards it was very smooth.\r\n\r\nThe other reason was obviously the length of the movie. Only because of the puzzled opening order. Later the story development was so good, I began to feel comfortable with the narration and after that I did not notice the runtime at all. I have no source to confirm whether it was based on the real or simply a cinematic fiction, but it was very interesting as it progress. So don't force yourself to watch the movie, but it you do, then give it a time in the beginning and be focused, later definitely you will be in a position to get through as easily as I did.\r\n\r\n> \"Damn, we could all die tomorrow. Let's dance.\"\r\n\r\nActually, it all began in the year 1911, and moved to 20 years later during the Japan's occupation of Korea. The resistance freedom fighters plan a series of assassination of the Japanese leaders in the nation's different regions. One such man was a powerful native business tycoon. When everything goes wrong, the story begins to take a turn, complicates further by revealing the old secret. How much it affects and to whom, followed by the final battle sequence.\r\n\r\nObviously everyone interesting in this film for Jeon Ji-Hyun's presence. Of course, as usual she was very impressive, but her so-star, Ha Jung-Woo with his weird screen name 'Hawaii Pistol' was also equally good. When I first heard Hawaii Pistol is coming, I thought it was the arms supply from Hawaii. Anyway, it was a grand intro, after his entry the movie was set to explore the rest of the story in a style. The other actors like his hilarious partner and the main villain set the tone for the movie.\r\n\r\nCertainly it is a movie to pick if you want an historic subject other than your regular Korean themes. Beautifully written for the screen, except like I said the editing was confusing for the lack of proper inception. Don't think it's simply about the brave freedom fighters; betrayal, revenge, family, third person caught in, like that it had many stuffs. It is also very rare to see a woman fighter among them. All the action scenes were really well made, because that's the title isn't. The terrific settings of the 30s as well. I can't say about it is a must see or not, but surely a fine historic movie that I am pleased with.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [346646, 321191, 133200, 293413]}