{"tmdb_id": 29161, "title": "Phenomena", "original_title": "Phenomena", "slug_title": "phenomena", "date": "1985-01-25", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Jennifer Corvino se rend en Suisse afin de poursuivre ses \u00e9tudes au sein d'un \u00e9tablissement scolaire priv\u00e9. El\u00e8ve s\u00e9rieuse, tr\u00e8s dou\u00e9e, elle n'est cependant pas une adolescente comme les autres. Non seulement elle est somnambule mais, plus \u00e9trange encore, elle communique par t\u00e9l\u00e9pathie avec les insectes...Ce don \u00e9tonnant la place au mauvais moment au mauvais endroit, elle est le t\u00e9moin involontaire d'un meurtre, doit maintenant  \u00e9chapper \u00e0 la col\u00e8re du tueur....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pnwGgLk6CN1IHh1qckiPV8FCnCW.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Connelly (Jennifer Corvino)", "Daria Nicolodi (Frau Br\u00fcckner)", "Fiore Argento (Vera Brandt)", "Federica Mastroianni (Sophie)", "Fiorenza Tessari (Gisela Sulzer)", "Dalila Di Lazzaro (Headmistress)", "Patrick Bauchau (Inspector Rudolf Geiger)", "Donald Pleasence (Professor John McGregor)", "Alberto Cracco (UBS Bank Teller)", "Kaspar Capparoni (Karl, Sophie's Boyfriend)", "Mario Donatone (Morris Shapiro)", "Antonio Maimone (EEG Doctor)", "Davide Marotta (Patau (Bruckner Son))", "Fulvio Mingozzi (Mr. Sulzer)", "Francesca Ottaviani (Nurse)", "Michele Soavi (Kurt, Geiger's Assistant)", "Franco Trevisi (Real Estate Agent)", "Fausta Avelli (Schoolgirl)", "Franca Berdini (Teacher)", "Marta Biuso (Schoolgirl)", "Marisa Simonetti (Schoolgirl)", "Geraldine Thomas (Schoolgirl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Phenomena, doo-doo doo-doo-doo.\r\n\r\nArriving at a Swiss Academy for girls, Jennifer Corvino (Jennifer Connelly) gets embroiled in the workings of a serial killer. Her friends the insects and Professor John McGregor (Donald Pleasence) are on hand to help if possible.\r\n\r\nDirected and co-written by horror legend Dario Argento, Phenomena is a mixed bag. Ignoring the butchered American version, which was titled Creepers, the full uncut version is still messy. Argento the director is doing good work here, which explains why the film has a sturdy reputation. His eye for striking imagery and horror scene staging is evident here for sure, but Argento the writer (along with Franco Ferrini) fails to string a decent enough narrative together. Pace is all over the place, the dialogue often boorish, while wasting Donald Pleasence is a crime against horror film making. Still, there\u2019s enough good Argento at work here to keep Phenomena above average, even if it\u2019s more for the eyes than the brain. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Both a great chance to see two acting icons (one, Donald Pleasence, at his prime, and the other, Jennifer Connelly, just starting out on her filmic journey) and one of the films on director Argento's great run of horror classics, this is worth purchasing the finest print and will award the horror aficionado many great times in rewatches. Cinephiles often called Argento 'the Italian Alfred Hitchcock', and this would be a great Exhibit A for their evidence. Essential for connoisseurs of the arcane."}], "recommandations_id": [29702, 16395, 20115, 20345]}