{"tmdb_id": 291800, "title": "Dollar Dizzy", "original_title": "Dollar Dizzy", "slug_title": "dollar-dizzy", "date": "1930-10-03", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Charley and Thelma are millionaires, each trying to elude suitors who are trying to marry them for their money.  Charlie gets word that a rich uncle has died, leaving him millions. Attorneys advise him to repair to a resort and avoid gold diggers. Once there, word spreads among the single women, and several try to ensnare him. At first he's gullible, then he cottons on, so when Thelma, a wealthy young woman, mistakes him for a fortune hunter, he dismisses her as well. A manager's error puts Charlie and Thelma in the same suite, and both think the other is prospecting. A dressing gown, radio, bare feet, pistol, keyhole, fountain pen, bedcovers, and a suspicious hotel detective join the mix-up. But wait, was the inheritance a mistake?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hXxLpRe9qzfw5l9AAVeeCFcjNsz.jpg", "actors": ["Charley Chase (Charley Chase)", "Thelma Todd (Thelma Todd (uncredited))", "Lorena Carr (Gold-Digger (uncredited))", "Betty Mae Crane (Spoken Introductory Titles (uncredited))", "Beverly Crane (Spoken Introductory Titles (uncredited))", "Dorothy Dix (Gold-Digger (uncredited))", "James Finlayson (House Detective (uncredited))", "Dick Granger (One of the Quimbys (uncredited))", "Dorothy Granger (Woman Who Drops Her Pearls (uncredited))", "Charlie Hall (Bellhop (uncredited))", "Edgar Kennedy (Quimby the Lawyer (uncredited))", "Ann Lewis (Gold-Digger (uncredited))", "Ida Shoemaker (Mrs. Chase, Charley's Mother (uncredited))", "Ted Stroback (Hotel Manager (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}