{"tmdb_id": 292010, "title": "The Daughter", "original_title": "The Daughter", "slug_title": "the-daughter", "date": "2015-10-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans un petit village australien, Christian revient pour le mariage de son p\u00e8re Henry. Parti plusieurs ann\u00e9es auparavant \u00e0 New York, Christian retrouve son ami d\u2019enfance, Oliver, et toute la famille qui l\u2019entoure. Malgr\u00e9 les heureuses retrouvailles, Christian porte un lourd secret familial\u2026 Henry est contraint de fermer sa scierie car l\u2019\u00e9conomie l\u2019y contraint. C'est un homme ais\u00e9 qui s\u2019adresse \u00e0 ses employ\u00e9s dans un ton arrogant et peu compatissant. Parmi le parterre d\u2019ouvriers m\u00e9contents, Oliver ne bronche pas et acquiesce. Cette situation ne semble pas l\u2019affecter et se veut rassurant face \u00e0 sa famille. Charlotte, institutrice, accepte la situation avec positivit\u00e9, tout comme sa fille Hedvig. Non loin, Walter, le p\u00e8re d\u2019Oliver, \u00e9value la situation avec un \u0153il perplexe, lui qui sort d\u2019une peine de prison pour une infraction judiciaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x5uDHJrzBfFNCzx3MLUXCTFbdOO.jpg", "actors": ["Geoffrey Rush (Henry)", "Nicholas Hope (Peterson)", "Sam Neill (Walter)", "Ewen Leslie (Oliver)", "Paul Schneider (Christian)", "Miranda Otto (Charlotte)", "Anna Torv (Anna)", "Odessa Young (Hedvig)", "Kate Box (Julianne)", "Sara West (Jane)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When a secret long hidden makes its way out...**\r\n\r\nA very surprising Aussie film. Not all the Australian film makes big at the world stage. So this film was not known to many people, but I am lucky to watch this. The film was based on the Norwegian play called 'The Wild Duck'. It was adapted several times for the screen, but this is the latest and a modernised version. The first film for the director and he was amazing in handling the screenplay as well. \r\n\r\nObviously I did not know anything about the film. The cast looked good and also the storyline, so that's my reason to watch it. It began like a simple drama about a family who are going through a difficult time after the wood mill was shut down in their small town. Their's daughter, Hedvig, who is studying in the high school worries that she's going to lose her boyfriend if they move out of the town. That's not it, the narration had layers like from other people surrounding this small family and their perspective too has a big impact on the storytelling.\r\n\r\nNot just this family, but many from the town were out of the job and that leads to some unexpected decisions. Another family who ran that wood mill for nearly a century, welcomes their son, Christian from the United States who is having a tough time with his girlfriend and also to attend his father's wedding. He accidentally meets his childhood friend which is actually a Hedvig's father. They spend lots of time together and that's where a new issue arises. Christian reveals some hidden truth for the decades between their two families. Everything breaks loose and becomes impossible to fix it. From all this, the daughter is the one who directly get affected, but to learn how is why you should watch this film.\r\n\r\nYou won't immediately understand the meaning of the title. The film very smartly progresses like bit by bit with lots of suspense around. The best part is, it never reveals the actual secret at any length of the film, but still the viewers going understand the situation very clearly. That's really amazing, particularly the writing being so clever. I don't know the original material which is more than a hundred year old, but I loved this to tell the story in a smart way.\r\n\r\n> \"You do not need to be scared of the truth.\"\r\n\r\nThe characters were the best part of the story. The switching time was excellently done. Like the whole film is not intended to deal with one particular issue, but multiple. Everybody had something to deal with, some were personal and some were concerned for their whole family. The story always engaged with details, so there's no time for relaxation for the viewers. In the first half it succeeds to keep everything neat, despite the story developed from different angles. Because the end pulls them all together to conclude the tale on high. High mean, neither happy or sad, the timing when the twist takes place was a perfect setting.\r\n\r\nIf you are a melodrama fan, this must not be missed. I haven't seen a good tearjerker for a long time and then I found this one unexpectedly. I did not know the film would turn this way, but that's one of the reasons why I liked it a lot. The twist at the final act was kind of predictable if you were focused enough in the early part, but nobody gets a clear picture of how it all ends. That's the point. Despite how the film characters react when the suspense was revealed, we have our own respond too, but unable to deliver where it requires. That is funny, but the film gets very serious towards the final segment and you get no time to react, you will be like unmoved till the end credits roll up. But sensing a tragedy is certain.\r\n\r\nI recently saw 'Fathers & Daughter', that I anticipated something what this film offered. The story lines are completely different from these two films, but that father and daughter relationship thing, I liked very much from this one. Especially the emotions are the most crucial to narrate the tale and this film was way better in that perspective. Comparison between these two titles only on the sentimental side, other than that it's not fair to bring a debate on them. Anyway, both are the fine melodrama.\r\n\r\nThis film definitely would appeal strongly to the family audience and I highly recommend it to them. There's no strong nudity or the sex scenes, but thematically it goes some length to record the required event. Other than those couple of parts, this is a film for everybody. Very satisfied with the overall film. I might not consider it my favourite, but very close to be called one. Like I said the story was thoroughly written, so I'm feeling this film won't go unnoticed. I am not talking about it would find its audience, but the remakes. European, Korean, Bollywood, even a Hollywood version might come. So fingers crossed, but I suggest this one to watch if you are convinced with my review.\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [424585, 454349, 364060, 334893], "youtube_key": "TaC-SrFdRZg"}