{"tmdb_id": 29237, "title": "Choc", "original_title": "Shock", "slug_title": "choc", "date": "1946-01-10", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans ce thriller, psychiatre Dr Cross (Vincent Price) tue sa femme et attend de sortir avec assassiner, jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'il d\u00e9couvre que le meurtre a \u00e9t\u00e9 observ\u00e9 par un voisin, Janet Stewart (Shaw Anabel). Comme Janet tente de convaincre son mari (Frank Latimore) de l'acte ignoble du m\u00e9decin, la Croix se pr\u00e9sente pour l'informer que Janet est dans le besoin d'une consultation approfondie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1KpPm8W74PqhqPxOeaxAnPiriRg.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Price (Dr. Richard Cross)", "Lynn Bari (Nurse Elaine Jordan)", "Frank Latimore (Lt. Paul Stewart)", "Anabel Shaw (Mrs. Janet Stewart)", "Stephen Dunne (Dr. Stevens (as Michael Dunne))", "Reed Hadley (District Attorney O'Neill)", "Renee Carson (Miss Hatfield - Head Nurse)", "Charles Trowbridge (Dr. Franklin Harvey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Shock to the heart but Vinnie's not to blame.  \r\n\r\nJanet Stewert, whilst waiting to meet her returning from World War II husband, Paul, witnesses a murder. Stricken with shock, Janet is hospitalised and placed in the care of of noted psychiatrist Dr. Cross. Trouble is, is that it was Dr. Cross who committed the murder!\r\n\r\nVincent Price (Dr. Cross) was of course synonymous with the horror genre. A real classy actor whose ability sometimes gets forgotten due to his participation in the murder death kill part of cinematic lore. Here in this low level \"B\" movie we find Price the sole reason for sitting through the picture to the end. For although the premise is as solid as it gets, and the setting is ripe for dark deed like shenanigans, Shock is immeasurably dull. \r\n\r\nDirector Alfred L. Werker and his screenplay writer Eugene Ling, adapt Albert DeMond's story with the clear intention of crafting a potboiler. But sadly, in spite of Price's efforts, they forgot to turn the heat up! Full of drawn out musings that get repeated throughout, the film also feels like it's going round in circles. It's tolerable in the main because the story at least has the viewer intrigued as to the outcome, but come the tepid finale one is left with a feeling of being cheated out of a promised ignition of fuel. \r\n\r\nAs for the rest of the cast? Lynn Bari gives the only other performance of note, but it's a by the by character and nothing for her to get her teeth into. While a couple of moody scenes at the sanitarium do at least perk up the plodding story, particularly one during a thunder storm. But they are but mere false dawns. \r\n\r\nThankfully only running at 70 minutes, Shock doesn't take too much out of ones' life. But really it's one for Vincent Price completists only, and ultimately the film stands as a very wasted opportunity. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27203, 15807, 22856, 34084]}