{"tmdb_id": 29244, "title": "Le fils du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "3 Godfathers", "slug_title": "le-fils-du-desert", "date": "1948-12-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Trois bandits, en fuite apr\u00e8s l'attaque d'une banque, d\u00e9couvrent dans le d\u00e9sert un chariot. C'est l\u00e0 qu'une femme, avant de mourir, a donn\u00e9 naissance \u00e0 un gar\u00e7on.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l8EPIHN9ssVniHJk0wiMr6r74iZ.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Robert Marmaduke Hightower)", "Pedro Armend\u00e1riz (Pedro 'Pete' Roca Fuerte)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (William Kearney ('The Abilene Kid'))", "Ward Bond (Perley 'Buck' Sweet)", "Mae Marsh (Mrs. Perley Sweet)", "Mildred Natwick (The Mother)", "Jane Darwell (Miss Florie)", "Guy Kibbee (Judge)", "Hank Worden (Deputy Curly)", "Ben Johnson (Posse man #1)", "Dorothy Ford (Ruby Latham)", "Charles Halton (Oliver Latham)", "Jack Pennick (Luke)", "Fred Libby (Deputy)", "Michael Dugan (Posse Man #2)", "Don Summers (Posse Man #3)", "Gertrude Astor (Saloon Girl (uncredited))", "Richard Hageman (Saloon Pianist (uncredited))", "Nora Bush (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Eva Novak (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Charles Soldani (Townsman (uncredited))", "Ruth Clifford (Woman in Bar (uncredited))", "Jack Curtis (Bartender (uncredited))", "Harry Tenbrook (Bartender (uncredited))", "Tex Driscoll (Barfly (uncredited))", "Jack Kenny (Barfly (uncredited))", "Jack Mower (Barfly (uncredited))", "Francis Ford (Drunk (uncredited))", "Cliff Lyons (Guard at Mojave Tanks (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sentimental and affecting piece from Ford.\r\n\r\nHaving already made a version of the story in 1919 as Marked Men with Harry Carey, John Ford clearly had a kink for this delightful redemption parable. Opening with a touching tribute to his friend and mentor Carey, who had sadly passed away the previous year (and who also starred in the 1916 version of The Three Godfathers), it was also the first out and out Ford Western to be made in colour.\r\n\r\nThe story tells of three outlaws - Robert Hightower (John Wayne), Pedro \"Pete\" Fuerte (Pedro Armendariz) and The Abilene Kid (Harry Carey Junior) - who after robbing a bank in the town of Welcome, are on the run from the law led posse. After hitting problems in a desert sandstorm, the men struggle on to Terrapin Tanks, where they happen across a woman in labour. Giving birth to her child, but sadly on her death bed, the woman begs the men to take care of her baby. They agree and embark on a perilous journey to get the child safely to \"New Jerusalem\"...\r\n\r\nIt's an odd sort of Western, but in a good way. Backed up by the usual high standard of location work from Ford and the irrepressible Winton Hoch. And with customary staunch support work from Ward Bond as the Sheriff, 3 Godfathers is a must see in relation to the careers of John Ford and John Wayne. It has a mixed reputation from fans of the two Johns, which is understandable given the flighty nature of the picture, but one thing that is true about the piece is that once viewed, it's unlikely to be forgotten. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [15263, 13909, 21717, 20442]}