{"tmdb_id": 292431, "title": "Love", "original_title": "Love", "slug_title": "love", "date": "2015-07-06", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Un 1er janvier au matin, le t\u00e9l\u00e9phone sonne. Murphy, 25 ans, se r\u00e9veille entour\u00e9 de sa jeune femme et de son enfant de deux ans. Il \u00e9coute son r\u00e9pondeur. Sur le message, la m\u00e8re d'Electra lui demande, tr\u00e8s inqui\u00e8te, s'il n'a pas eu de nouvelle de sa fille disparue depuis longtemps. Elle craint qu'il lui soit arriv\u00e9 un accident grave.  Au cours d'une longue journ\u00e9e pluvieuse, Murphy va se retrouver seul dans son appartement \u00e0 se rem\u00e9morer sa plus grande histoire d'amour, deux ans avec Electra. Une passion contenant toutes sortes de promesses, de jeux, d'exc\u00e8s et d'erreurs...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/smGJeogiHNbibKXd99G2ojvOdcA.jpg", "actors": ["Karl Glusman (Murphy)", "Aomi Muyock (Electra)", "Klara Kristin (Omi)", "Juan Saavedra (Julio)", "Gaspar No\u00e9 (No\u00e9 - Art Gallery Owner)", "Vincent Maraval (Lieutenant Castel)", "D\u00e9borah R\u00e9vy (Paula)", "Stella Rocha (Mami)", "Beno\u00eet Debie (Yuyo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story that was narrated backwards!**\r\n\r\nThis was from the director of 'Irreversible'. This story was told in backwards. It opened with a married couple having sexual intercourse and after a phone call, the flashback rolls. Which begins from that point of the story where it stands to where it all began as per the film character who recalls all the events. Actually, it was impressive idea, not that reverse way storytelling, but how the characters were drawn. And then the story was very simple, like the film '9\u00bd Weeks', the drama and the sex parts shared the remaining narration alternatively for like every 10-15 minutes.\r\n\r\nI wanted to like it, but not convinced with the blend between both the drama and sex scenes. They should have developed and blended them together better. Especially since the storytelling was reversified, one of the major plot holes is not solved or revealing what could have happened to that particular character on which this plot was developed. If you are not concerned about the storyline and looking for adult contents as in a film, not as a better porn film, then you might enjoy it.\r\n\r\nThe other major issue was the length. Two hours long for an adult film means teasing and testing your patience. It should have been under 90 minutes, that would have speeded it up a bit. The actors were decent. The film poster was so hot, it will drag you to watch this film. But I would say not to expect big, either adult stuffs or from the dramatic segments. Within its frame, it delivered, but for me it was an average and a little below.\r\n\r\n_4.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [34647, 979, 249397, 258216]}