{"tmdb_id": 29259, "title": "Le Trou", "original_title": "Le Trou", "slug_title": "le-trou", "date": "1960-03-18", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Accus\u00e9 de tentative de meurtre sur la personne de sa femme, Claude Gaspard est enferm\u00e9 \u00e0 la prison de la Sant\u00e9. Ses quatre compagnons de cellule lui font part de leur d\u00e9sir d'\u00e9vasion et creusent, avec une \u00e9nergie farouche, un tunnel qui les m\u00e8nera \u00e0 la libert\u00e9. Leur plan aboutira-t-il ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pyCMEIAtMPpWTVwZTajcbCIBI3u.jpg", "actors": ["Michel Constantin (Geo Cassine)", "Jean Keraudy (Roland Darbant)", "Philippe Leroy (Manu Borelli)", "Raymond Meunier (Vossellin / Monseigneur)", "Marc Michel (Claude Gaspard)", "Jean-Paul Coquelin (Le lieutenant Grinval)", "Andr\u00e9 Bervil (Le directeur)", "Eddy Rasimi (Bouboule)", "Marcel Rouz\u00e9 ((uncredited))", "Philippe Dumat ((uncredited))", "Jean Luisi ((uncredited))", "Paul Pavel ((uncredited))", "Jean Becker (Un gardien (uncredited))", "G\u00e9rard Hernandez (Le d\u00e9tenu \u00e0 l'infirmerie (uncredited))", "Paul Pr\u00e9boist (Un gardien (uncredited))", "Catherine Spaak (Nicole (uncredited))", "Dominique Zardi (Le d\u00e9tenu qui assiste le gardien \u00e0 la fouille (uncredited))", "Jean Minisini (Le plombier qui vient r\u00e9parer la fuite (uncredited))", "Albert Augier (Un gardien (uncredited))", "Raymond Bour (Un gardien (uncredited))", "Lucien Camiret (Maurice Gaillardbois - Le d\u00e9tenu qui refuse de s'alimenter (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The 1947 Escape Attempt At La Sante Prison.\r\n\r\nLe Trou (The Hole) is directed by Jacques Becker and adapted to screenplay by Becker, Jose Giovani and Jean Aurel from Giovani\u2019s own novel. It stars Michel Constantin, Jean Keraudy, Philippe Leroy, Raymond Meunier, Marc Michel and Jean-Paul Coquelin. \r\n\r\nJacques Becker\u2019s last film before he would pass away shortly after the film\u2019s completion, is a tightly wound prison procedural that deals in grim realism and claustrophobic sparsity. There\u2019s no prison movie clich\u00e9s here, there\u2019s no sadistic prison staff, no Mr. Big who is in with the wardens and demands money with menace, and no rapists hovering about the place to seize by force and break the last inch of spirit of the victim, this is as pure and unfussily raw as it gets. \r\n\r\nBased on a real escape attempt at La Sante Prison in 1947, story has four men in a cell plotting to escape via digging a hole in their cell. When construction work within the prison means a number of prisoners have to be relocated, the four men are a bit perturbed to find they have another inmate thrust into their already overcrowded cell. While of course there\u2019s the small matter of the escape attempt that\u2019s planned, will they be able to trust the newcomer? Will he join in and help? Pertinent questions hang heavy in the sweaty air. \r\n\r\nOnce Claude Gaspard (Michel) arrives in the cell, the narrative initially operates on a cat and mouse basis as the men sound out the newcomer. There\u2019s no histrionics, no threats of violence, an enforcement of machismo to intimidate the new cellmate, just human interaction with viable concerns. Much of these passages pulse with atmosphere as the men talk in hushed tones, or just exchange glances, and then once an accord is reached, all parties are comfortable with each other, it\u2019s time to put the escape plan into action. \r\n\r\nWhat follows is quite simply engrossing suspense as Becker deals in long takes of silence punctuated by animal strength as the men pound on concrete with metal. The camera stays static, filming as if in real time, the sound department ramp up the volume to splinter the ears. We observe as the men fashion devices to aid their escape and to remain undetected, some of it genius in its simplicity. And all the while there is the feeling of trust, a bond between the incarcerated males, where the two lead off men are entrusted to go out and beyond the bowels of the prison, working tirelessly in charting the course through a maze of murky masonry, and to then return back to \u201cHQ\u201d for some rest and updates of the progress\u2026 \r\n\r\nThe use of non professional actors works brilliantly, adding further realism to the story, with one of them, Jean Keraudy, a bona fide prisoner from the actual event back in 1947. There\u2019s no music here, it isn\u2019t needed to emphasise or manipulate a scene, none more so with the denouement, a closure of some emotional magnitude, and once again it\u2019s without histrionics, and once again it works brilliantly. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Steve", "content": "This week's Noir of the Week is Le Trou (1960) directed by Jacques Becker. The film was called The Night Watch when released in the US in 1960.\r\n\r\nThe 2 \u00bd hour prison escape film, like Rififi, utilizes long, unbroken, often dialogue-free shots to dramatize the simple story of a group of prisoners attempting an ambitious escape from prison. Le Trou is shot in black and white and is totally without soundtrack music until the very end.\r\n\r\nThe film begins with one of the escapees, now outside the Sant\u00e9 Prison walls introducing the story. The film then flashes back to the Paris prison in 1947.\r\n\r\nWe\u2019re then introduced to a young man Claude Gaspard. He\u2019s put into a very small cell with four other inmates. There he meets the charming, always smiling Volsselin, nicknamed Monseigneur. Also in the cell are fellow inmates Roland Darbant, the man who introduced the film, Geo Cassid, and Manu Borelli.\r\n\r\nThe men work in their cell assembling cardboard boxes. Gaspard finds out that the men in his cell all eat well from care packages from the outside and all are close friends. What he doesn\u2019t realize is that the men are working on escaping. While picking up a care package filled with bread, butter, saugage, smoked fish and rice pudding, the men discuss whether the should tell the new guy about their prison escape plans. They eventually take Gaspard into their confidence and being the long task of breaking the floor.\r\n\r\nSlowly, in real time, the men chip away at the concrete floor that leads to a sewer tunnel.\r\n\r\nThe film lacks most prison film clich\u00e9s. There are no sadistic prison guards, and all the prisoners seem like regular guys. Director Becker, who died shortly after the film was completed, used unprofessional actors including Jean Keraudy who was an actual participant in the escape attempt in 1947.\r\n\r\nGiven the film takes place in only three days, the sense of overwhelming tenacity shown by the prisoners is an astounding piece of filmmaking. The film has a number of memorable scenes, including the noisy breaking of the concrete floor with one of the bed legs \u2013in real time- while another prisoner looks out the peep hole using a spy glass made from a tooth brush and a broken piece of mirror. Watching the scene draws you in an even makes you feel like a participant in the hacking, sawing and picking.\r\n\r\nI won\u2019t give away the ending or any of the interesting plot twists, but let\u2019s just say there\u2019s a heart-breaking double cross involved in a very un-Hollywood finish. Young Gaspard has to bear the brunt of an ironic plot-twist at the end. The film is a great prison escape film not to be mistaken for the French New Wave happening at the same time.\r\n\r\nWritten by Steve-O"}], "recommandations_id": [26030, 16672, 15244, 31217], "youtube_key": "g2Sbo6JpDsY"}