{"tmdb_id": 29269, "title": "Tony Takitani", "original_title": "\u30c8\u30cb\u30fc\u6edd\u8c37", "slug_title": "tony-takitani", "date": "2005-01-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Tony Takitani had a solitary childhood. Being alone was normal since his mother died young and his father was always away with his jazz band. At school he studied art, but while his sketches are accurate and detailed they lack feeling. Used to being self-sufficient, Tony seems to find emotions illogical and immature. After finding his true vocation as a technical illustrator, he becomes fascinated by Eiko, a client who in turn is fascinated by high end fashion. Eiko is like an angel in Tony's daily existence, and for the first time in his life, he feels connected to the outside world. However, Eiko does have one fault: she's a clothing shopaholic. Eventually he marries her, and his life changes. He feels vibrantly alive and for the first time he understands and fears loneliness. But her obsession with designer clothes begins to worry him. When he asks her to economize, the consequences are tragic.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h9bmFatfA6Wf8wsWOYhE9R67ow8.jpg", "actors": ["Issei Ogata (Tony Takitani, Shozaburo Takitani)", "Rie Miyazawa (Konuma Eiko, Hisako)", "Hidetoshi Nishijima (Narrator)", "Takahumi Shinohara (Young Tony Takitani)", "Miho Fujima (4th Daughter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [125858, 115416, 72933, 31140], "youtube_key": "Yj3_7teTMHE"}