{"tmdb_id": 292718, "title": "UFC Fight Night: Bigfoot vs. Arlovski", "original_title": "UFC Fight Night: Bigfoot vs. Arlovski", "slug_title": "ufc-fight-night-bigfoot-vs-arlovski", "date": "2014-09-13", "genre": [""], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "UFC Fight Night: Bigfoot vs. Arlovski (also known as UFC Fight Night 51) was a mixed martial arts event held on September 13, 2014 at Gin\u00e1sio Nilson Nelson in Bras\u00edlia, Brazil.  Main Card (Fight Pass, 8 PM ET)  Antonio Silva vs. Andrei Arlovski  Gleison Tibau vs. Piotr Hallmann  Leonardo Santos vs. Efrain Escudero  Sergio Moraes vs. Wendell Oliveira  Iuri Alcantara vs. Russell Doane  Jessica Andrade vs. Larissa Pacheco  Preliminary Card (Fight Pass, 5:45 PM ET)  Godofredo Pepey vs. Dashon Johnson  Igor Araujo vs. George Sullivan  Francisco Trinaldo vs. Leandro Silva  Paulo Thiago vs. Sean Spencer  Rani Yahya vs. Johnny Bedford", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jTi0p6mIx9l9DIOEYNkDmpwjFTp.jpg", "actors": ["Andrei Arlovski ()", "Antonio Silva ()", "Gleison Tibau ()", "Efrain Escudero ()", "Iuri Alc\u00e2ntara ()", "Godofredo Pepey ()", "George Rocky Sullivan ()", "Rani Yahya ()", "Joe Rogan (Himself)", "Mike Goldberg (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "wenyce", "content": "The event in Bras\u00edlia was the first that the organization hosted in the Brazilian capital city.[2]\r\n\r\nThe event was headlined by a heavyweight rematch between Antonio Silva and Andrei Arlovski.[3] Their first fight at Strikeforce: Heavy Artillery ended in a unanimous decision victory for Silva.\r\n\r\nPaulo Thiago was expected to face Mike Rhodes at the event. However, Rhodes was forced out of the bout due to injury, and was briefly replaced by returning veteran Joe Riggs.[4] On July 29, it was announced that Riggs had to pull out of the bout due to a gun accident with non-life threatening injuries in his house.[5] On the same day Sean Spencer replaced Riggs as Thiago's new opponent.[6]\r\n\r\nSantiago Ponzinibbio was expected to face S\u00e9rgio Moraes at the event. However, Moraes pulled out of the bout citing a lingering knee injury.[7] He was replaced by Wendell Oliveira.[8]\r\n\r\nVal\u00e9rie L\u00e9tourneau was expected to face J\u00e9ssica Andrade at the event. However, L\u00e9tourneau pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by former Jungle Fight women's bantamweight champion Larissa Pacheco.[9]\r\n\r\nPromotional newcomer \u0141ukasz Sajewski was expected to make his debut at the event against Leonardo Santos. Sajewski was removed from the card and Santos will now face Efrain Escudero. While Escudero's initial opponent Francisco Trinaldo faced Leandro Silva."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}