{"tmdb_id": 292795, "title": "Gus - Petit oiseau, grand voyage", "original_title": "Gus - Petit oiseau, grand voyage", "slug_title": "gus-petit-oiseau-grand-voyage", "date": "2014-11-06", "genre": ["Animation / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 l\u2019heure du d\u00e9part pour la grande migration, Darius, le doyen de la vol\u00e9e est bless\u00e9,  il va devoir confier tous ses secrets et le nouvel itin\u00e9raire du voyage au premier oiseau venu. Et cet oiseau\u2026 c\u2019est notre h\u00e9ros, exalt\u00e9 \u00e0 l\u2019id\u00e9e de d\u00e9couvrir enfin le monde\u2026 mais pas du tout migrateur!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bxzWkCpESYQUaIBDB14O1yowZAa.jpg", "actors": ["Seth Green (Yellowbird)", "Dakota Fanning (Delf (voice))", "Christine Baranski (Janet)", "Danny Glover (Darius)", "Elliott Gould (The Owl)", "Jim Rash (Karl)", "Ryan Lee (Anton)", "Brady Corbet (Willy (voice))", "Richard Kind (Michka (voice))", "Yvette Nicole Brown (Ladybug)", "Chris Parson ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Not all the birds born navigator.**\r\n\r\nThis 'Yellowbird' came between 'Free Birds' and 'Angy Birds'. I liked all the three. They all about the birds, but different from each others. This is a French film in English language. It tells the story of a yellow bird who was raised by a ladybug. All his life he lived in a small safe enclosure, but the destiny chooses him to lead a flock of birds to migrate during the eve of winter. Without any experience how he manages to accomplish the mission is what covered in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nThe animation standards were high. The character models and backgrounds, all were impressive. Even the colours and texture were so good. But the story was weak. The adventure did not have any major impressive scene. It has some decent jokes, but not an adventure to define the film. It was a simple story about a lie and doing the right thing after realising that. I am sure not everyone would enjoy it, but kids would.\r\n\r\nFor me, it had lots of ups and downs throughout the narration. At least it ended decently. Animation films won't release every weekend and I have seen almost all the top ones so far, so what's next are these ones. For the animation fans, this won't be a bad flick if you welcome quality ones, except the story which was just okay. That means it is for the selected viewers.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [204095, 348069, 109423, 199700], "youtube_key": "DtDgItS_OgM"}