{"tmdb_id": 292810, "title": "The Flying Misfits", "original_title": "The Flying Misfits", "slug_title": "the-flying-misfits", "date": "1976-09-21", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The dramatized World War II adventures of US Major Gregory \"Pappy\" Boyington and his Marine Attack Squadron 214, AKA The Black Sheep Squadron. The film also acted as the pilot for the television series Baa Baa Black Sheep.  Former U.S. Marine pilot Greg \"Pappy\" Boyington is flying with the American Volunteer Group (the Flying Tigers) in China. After Pearl Harbor brings America into World War II, Greg leaves the AVG to rejoin the Marine Corps. He refuses to be relegated to a desk job and, against all military protocol, forms his own fighter squadron from a group of misfits and disciplinary cases.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/47K3VRqYPwA8aCzf850Q2utTjWu.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Conrad (Maj. Greg 'Pappy' Boyington)", "Simon Oakland (Brig. Gen. Thomas Moore)", "Dana Elcar (Col. Thomas A. Lard)", "James Whitmore (Capt. James 'Jim' Gutterman)", "Robert Ginty (1st Lt. Thomas Joseph 'T.J.' Wiley)", "Dirk Blocker (1st Lt. Jerome 'Jerry' Bragg)", "W.K. Stratton (2nd Lt. Lawrence 'Larry' Casey)", "John Larroquette (2nd Lt. Robert 'Bob' Anderson)", "Peter Donat (Col. Mathis)", "Sharon Gless (Nurse 1st Lt.)", "George Gaynes (Maj. Gen. Claire Lee Chennault)", "Lance LeGault (Lt. Huck)", "Anthony Charnota (Freddy)", "John Lawlor (Dr. Jim Reese)", "James Murtaugh (Medical Lieutenant)", "John Durren (Doc Roberts)", "Charles Napier (Maj. Red Buell)", "Jeff MacKay (Lt. Donald French)", "Jake Mitchell (Lt. Robert Boyle)", "Janice Carroll (Nurse Delmonte)", "Sandra Kerns (Nurse)", "Byron Morrow (Adm. Nimitz)", "James Carroll (Admiral's Aide)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}