{"tmdb_id": 2929, "title": "Frankenstein", "original_title": "Frankenstein", "slug_title": "frankenstein", "date": "1910-03-18", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Frankenstein essaie de cr\u00e9er l'\u00eatre parfait.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xPzF7qW6FFZEzfsnsKqNOncxJNU.jpg", "actors": ["Augustus Phillips (Frankenstein (uncredited))", "Mary Fuller (Elizabeth (uncredited))", "Charles Ogle (The Monster (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "Frankenstein from 1910 was one of the first ever incarnations of the \u201cMonster\u201d that we have seen on film. This quite possibly might be one of the best versions of Mary Shelley\u2019s Frankenstein. Adapted in 1910 by director J. Searle Dawley with Thomas Edison\u2019s company, The Edison Group. This film follows the life of Dr. Frankenstein leaving for college and subsequently creating one of the greatest monsters of all time. Personally i believe this version of Frankenstein to be one of the scarier looking versions of his monster.\r\n\r\nTwo years into college Dr. Frankenstein plays god, creating life single handily. The life that he creates, however, is evil and haunts the good Doctor for the rest of the film. From the laboratory all the way to wherever Frankenstein is from, the monster harasses and bothers his maker. That is until a battle between good and evil breaks out and love prevails over all\u2026\r\n\r\nThe special effects in this film are beyond reproach as we see life being given to the monster. Cheesy to our standards today, for its time period this proved to be an amazing feat. I\u2019m pretty sure that they just set up a dummy and set it on fire and played it in reverse. However, the special effects and makeup are what you need to see this film for. Nuts to the Storyline and characters, but hail the effects."}], "recommandations_id": [44342, 16624, 16612, 90056]}