{"tmdb_id": 293167, "title": "Kong : Skull Island", "original_title": "Kong: Skull Island", "slug_title": "kong-skull-island", "date": "2017-03-08", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe d'explorateurs plus diff\u00e9rents les uns que les autres s'aventurent au c\u0153ur d'une \u00eele inconnue du Pacifique, aussi belle que dangereuse. Ils ne savent pas encore qu'ils viennent de p\u00e9n\u00e9trer sur le territoire de Kong\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mfbpsBiEu5EM1OAzfxULXC1067r.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hiddleston (Captain James Conrad)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Lieutenant Colonel Preston Packard)", "Brie Larson (Mason Weaver)", "John Goodman (Bill Randa)", "John C. Reilly (Hank Marlow)", "Jing Tian (San Lin)", "Toby Kebbell (Maj. Jack Chapman)", "John Ortiz (Victor Neives)", "Corey Hawkins (Houston Brooks)", "Jason Mitchell (Glenn Mills)", "Shea Whigham (Earl Cole)", "Thomas Mann (Reg Slivko)", "Eugene Cordero (Reles)", "Will Brittain (Young Marlow / Marlow's Son)", "Richard Jenkins (Senator Al Willis)", "Marc Evan Jackson (Steve Woodward)", "Thomas Middleditch (Jerry (voice))", "Miyavi (Gunpei Ikari)", "Allyn Rachel (Secretary O'Brien)", "Robert Taylor (Athena Captain)", "James M. Connor (General Ward (voice))", "Brady Novak (Base Guard)", "Peter Karinen (Chinook Pilot)", "Brian Sacca (Chinook Co-Pilot)", "Joshua Funk (Seismic Soldier)", "Garreth Hadfield (Crew Chief)", "Jon Quested (Dead Pilot)", "Korey Williams (Sunglasses Pilot)", "Dat Phan (Bar Thug)", "Cynthy Wu (Thug's Girlfriend)", "Beth Kennedy (Marlow's Wife)", "Bryan Chojnowski (Chicago Taxi Driver)", "Terry Notary (Kong (motion capture))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "in_the_crease", "content": "Don't let the title and promotional material fool you: Kong Skull Island is more military commentary and homage to Apocalypse Now than simply _another_ King Kong movie. In that sense it brings something new and fresh to the series, and is also very much a period piece--a period that all too recently seemed to be contemporary history, not the distant and unfamiliar past in which the film takes place.\r\n\r\nAfter a prologue set during WWII, the current setting of the film opens in the waning days of the Vietnam War. While plenty of films have explored the war in Vietnam, Kong eschewed using combat or anti-war demonstrations on the homefront as the focal point. The Draft, flag burnings, use of the term \"Charlie,\" etc are all absent from the film. Instead, it takes the unique perspective of war from an elite group of soldiers contemplating going home--back to \"The World.\" While some characters look forward to reuniting with friends and family, the contempt for the army and the war that is seen in other Vietnam movies is also absent. These guys are soldiers and they are proud of that; it means something. Their commander is portrayed as an old war horse who is contemplating a future with no war to fight. \r\n\r\nIn the midst of all this, two scientists named Bill Randa (John Goodman) and Houston Brooks (Corey Hawkins), lobby to have a military escort assist them in exploring an uncharted island. Randa and Brooks assemble their team which consists of tracker James Conrad (Tom Hiddelston) photographer Mason Weaver (Brie Larson) a geologist San (Jin Tian) and a few other scientists not fleshed out enough to even remember. \r\n\r\nThey meet up with Lt. Col. Packard (Samuel L. Jackson) and the the soldiers we met earlier in the film. With all these convenient characters in place, the movie really begins.\r\n\r\nThe film shifts gears from being a period piece that goes out of its way--sometimes with distracting effect--to showcase outdated technology (a scene in which the camera pans to a table of rotary phones and then lingers for a few seconds comes to mind), to a Tarantino-esque homage to Vietnam War movies. The cinematography is excellent. Jordan Vogt-Roberts makes good use of the physical environment (coincidentally, Vietnam) and made me realize just how in need we were of a beautiful Vietnam War movie in the age of 4K and Real 3D. \r\n\r\nComplete with Credence Clearwater Revival and Jefferson Airplane songs, equipment-laden soldiers marching through swamps, dogtags clinking together, their helmets advertising what they decided to scribble on them, the jolly Green Giant presses on through the jungle--the director's love of Vietnam War movie visuals on full display, the movie moves along with great fun.\r\n\r\nHowever, when the titular character first shows up, the action-packed visuals begin to detract very quickly from the mood Jordan Vogt-Roberts established in the first third of the movie. In the excessive age of more is better, the movie stumbles a bit, threatening to collapse under the weight of its title monster. \r\n\r\nThankfully Kong is reigned in and the human characters are able to command some attention. At this point, the camp is divided in two: Military vs. Civilian. While the Army soldiers are on a rescue mission to bring back one of their own, the civilian folks meet up with the island's native population--including a downed WWII pilot (John C. Reilly) who's been on the island for 30 years. Through him we learn that Kong is a protector of the island. That he is, in fact, not the monster at all. \r\n\r\nPackard is not having any of this, of course, because Kong killed some of his men. This is where the movie makes its statement. Kong is the combatant that fights to protect the natives--much the way Packard and his men are portrayed. Packard mentions that soldiers do the dirty work so our friends and family back home don't have to be afraid. In this, Kong and Packard have a kinship--common ground shared by all soldiers: They do the dirty work so you don't have to. Unable or unwilling to see this, Packard decides to wage a personal war against Kong.\r\n\r\nThis is unwise as Kong protects the island from \"Skullcrawlers\"--massive lizard-like creatures who would eat any living thing on the island if not for Kong's presence. \r\n\r\nThe civilians begin to see Kong as not only necessary, but as compassionate and humane. He saves a trapped water buffalo, marvels at the sight of the aurora borealis, and has a brief but tender moment with Conrad and Weaver. He is the soldier whom, during a lull in the battle, is shown as a well-rounded individual, a reminder that being a soldier is something one does; not something one is. This is also true of other soldiers in the film, such as Cole and Mills. Packard, however, has gone off the deep end. A showdown between he and Kong is inevitable, and with Kong out of commission, the Skullcrawlers are able to run amok and create problems for our heroes.\r\n\r\nAt this point Kong is miraculously resurrected to save the day because the scrip said so. And he does. And the film ends on the sappiest, corniest, and most contrived of happy Hollywood endings.\r\n\r\nWhere the film works, it works well. Its commentaries on soldiers and soldiering are interesting without being heavy handed. Despite the Vietnam backdrop, Jordan Vogt-Roberts avoids making a commentary about the Vietnam War specifically, avoiding political controversy in the process. The actors make good use of what material they have to turn in decent performances. In a movie with Brie Larson, Tom Hiddelston and Samuel L. Jackson, it's John C. Reilly, Jason Mitchell and Shea Whigham who steal the show. Also, Kong looked terrific. The CGI work is better than what the Peter Jackson remake gave us--though the Skullcrawlers looked laughably cartoonish.\r\n\r\nBut, the movie has its faults as well. Its parallels to Apocalypse Now can be distracting at times. As is common with ensemble pieces, there are too many characters on the screen for any one of them to get enough screen time to become memorable. Hiddleston in particular had the least material to work with. His character--such as it was--had no depth or personality. He was simply action movie trope. The interactions between Larson and Kong only work because we know that King Kong has always been a Beauty and the Beast tale. It's forced. Giant ape and pretty blonde get along, because it's a Kong movie. For the uninitiated, it could just feel jarring and uneven.  \r\n\r\nAll in all, the film succeeds as a blockbuster to eat popcorn to. Yet it tries, with varying degrees of success, to reach beyond that. While Kong deserves an A for effort, a B- is all it achieves in its execution. Also, the interesting and unique aspect of combining Vietnam War movies with the Kong mythos is highly rewarding for the audience.\r\n\r\nBetter than average, but still far from perfect."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Thought that Peter Jackson's _King_ _Kong_ movie could have done without the entire first act? Though that the _Godzilla_ movie set in the same universe should have shown their big beastie a whole lot more? Well _Skull Island_ fixes those problems, and replaces them with a whole bunch of new ones!\r\n\r\nI had a lot of fun though. So it passes into the realm of a positive review by the skin of its octopus-riddled teeth.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I really wanted to give this movie a better score but I just could not bring myself to overlook the stupid and crappy story.\r\n\r\nOkay, let\u2019s start with the bad. The movie is about a group of explorers exploring this Skull Island. No surprise there. They are accompanied by a military detachment. Somewhat okay still, there is a half decent explanation for that. One of the main characters in the movie is Lieutenant Colonel Packard. At first, I quite liked him, especially when he told off the journalist informing her that they did not loose the war, it was abandoned by the politicians.\r\n\r\nHowever, from then on it goes really bad. Warning, spoilers ahead!\r\n\r\nOnce on the island Kong is revealed rather quickly. Something that I felt was a bit of a shame. There was no suspense building up for the reveal of the mighty ape. Okay, I could live with that. What I cannot live with is that these total dumb-asses, having discovered a scientific find of unprecedented magnitude, goes straight on to shooting off their guns. What the fuck? Not only that, they just keep shooting and circling around him while he trashes them one by one. That scene, while sporting some impressive action and CGI, was just so fucked up that one wondered if the author deliberately wanted to insult the audience.\r\n\r\nFrom then on I just cringed every time Colonel Packard was in the picture. He was clearly mentally unstable. He doggedly continued to want to kill Kong and used retrieving his men as a poor excuse. This is just the kind of shitty, overused and cliche\u2019d Hollywood script that drives me nuts.\r\n\r\nNow, with that over with, the movie was technically quite good. The actors are doing a decent enough job of their roles. The story, excluding the Vietnam references and general let\u2019s make the military look bad old bullshit, was actually not to bad. It was a different take on the King Kong history for sure.\r\n\r\nThe CGI, the action and the various monsters were very cool. Not surprisingly King Kong was not the only threat on the Island. This time they did not just throw a few dinosaurs in but was rather creative bringing in creatures from all kind of animal (and insect) families as well as some home cooked ones, the skull crawlers.\r\n\r\nThe scenery is also very enjoyable. Apart from my gripes mentioned above I did enjoy a lot of the movie. However, the military clusterfuck that the script writer threw in there severely diminished my enjoyment of the movie and I cannot really bring me to give it more that a 3+ out of 5 score."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Yeah. That was an unconventional encounter.\r\n\r\nSo here we have it, part two of the franchise reinvention of the beloved iconic creatures of cinema lore. After the 2014 redux of Godzilla was something of a tonal misstep, it's unsurprising to find this version of the King Kong legacy going all out blockbuster popcorner, and with that it succeeds - kinda.\r\n\r\nPlot is wafer thin, bunch of humans from various professions rock up at the uncharted Skull Island, each with differing levels of interest as to what might be there. Of which they quickly find out is a whole heap of trouble - big trouble!\r\n\r\nIt's clear that the makers, fronted by director Jordan Vogt-Roberts, are trying to blend crowd pleasing mayhem with thoughtful observations of not only the period the pic is set (1973), but also of man's inherent propensity for stupidity. On the surface, the battles and creature feature carnage in general, are wholly entertaining, but it's sometimes just too ridiculous for its own good. Even worse is that it's shallow, with no real substance of note, particularly where the characters are concerned, rendering a very admirable cast as one note players in the monkey maze.\r\n\r\nHowever, irritants aside, the pic is great fun, with enough excitement and quippy dialogue to make the time spent on Skull Island worthwhile. Be it man versus beasties and the alien terrain they traverse, a popcorn muncher it be. There's some sly humour within (Tricky Dicky Nixon going down), and the nods towards Coppola and Cameron et al are pleasing as punch. You may have to lower expectation levels to not let the problems it has drag you down, and for sure it's not hard to understand why a lot of folk hate it, but it's not a disaster, far from it.\r\n\r\nOne does hope, though, that the next instalment in this series goes up another couple of notches, for Kong, Zilla and the other monster gods deserve it. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A new dawn. The King has arrived.**\r\n\r\nSeems I'm the only one who did not know it was not a sequel to the 2005 film. The Kong was over a 100 feet tall in this, compared to 25 feet from a decade ago. Being a big fan of that film and Peter Jackson, I hated this idea, especially for totally a fresh cast and crew. So I was not expecting it. Only while watching it, I came to know it was a new version. With a new cinematic, a new set of actors, timeline, completely a different kind of tone for a King Kong film that I have ever seen.\r\n\r\nThey wanted it to be a badass action film than a value added storyline. That does not mean I loved it. It was average. I only enjoyed the nice action-adventures. But the visuals were a more commercialised. I even confused whether did I watched a Hollywood film or an Rajamouli film. You know those terrible methods used for stunt sequences.\r\n\r\nThe most boring part of this film was the same old formula, which is a set of people enter in a dangerous enclosure and only a few come back alive. A couple of scientist escorted by a military to a mystery island hidden in the mists of the South Pacific to do some scientific research. Soon they come to realise they are in a dangerous place where giant monsters live. After losing some of the soldiers, now it becomes a survival game. But the general is obsessed with a revenge. How the rest of the story folds were told with a battle of the film.\r\n\r\nBasically, this film was created to merge two franchises, the rebooted 'Godzilla' with this one. The post end-credit scene gave some important hint about the future of the franchise. But I thought it was too similar to the comedy flick, 'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island'. Usually spoof films were made out of greatest hit films. But it looks like here a reverse case. Though all the actors were good. Nice direction, visuals, music, particularly the sound effects. This film is simply enjoyable and forgettable.\r\n\r\nThere are many things I did not like. The Peter Jackson film was so artistic. Every frame was like a classic painting. In this, the Kong standing on his two feet, walking around like a man, totally turned me off. The giant ape did not behave like a real ape. Many sequences were also borrowed from many other films, only replaced with different creatures and recreated with a fresh setting. This is a perfect time pass film to have on a weekend. Particularly, if you are a graphile (graphic+phile), you would have a nice time.\r\n\r\n_5.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [311324, 282035, 395992, 281338]}