{"tmdb_id": 29320, "title": "Les Poup\u00e9es du diable", "original_title": "The Devil-Doll", "slug_title": "les-poupees-du-diable", "date": "1936-07-10", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Une nuit sans lune, deux hommes s'\u00e9vadent du bagne de Devil's Island. L'un d'eux est banquier et s'appelle Paul Lavond ; l'autre est un savant-fou nomm\u00e9 Marcel. Les deux hommes parviennent \u00e0 se r\u00e9fugier chez le savant qui ne tarde pas \u00e0 d\u00e9voiler son invention r\u00e9volutionnaire : une technique pour r\u00e9tr\u00e9cir les \u00eatres vivants. Malheureusement, le processus de rapetissement endommage le cerveau des victimes mais permet ainsi de les contr\u00f4ler par la pens\u00e9e, comme des poup\u00e9es. Lorsque Marcel d\u00e9c\u00e8de subitement, Lavond s'empare de l'invention et, dissimul\u00e9 \u00e0 Paris sous les traits d'une vieille femme, fomente un plan diabolique : se venger des gens qui l'ont envoy\u00e9 au bagne...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7JEM8Gc23kBCiGCT9tJildYeNzW.jpg", "actors": ["Lionel Barrymore (Paul Lavond)", "Maureen O'Sullivan (Lorraine Lavond)", "Frank Lawton (Toto)", "Rafaela Ottiano (Malita)", "Robert Greig (Emil Coulvet)", "Lucy Beaumont (Madame Lavond)", "Henry B. Walthall (Marcel)", "Grace Ford (Lachna)", "Pedro de Cordoba (Charles Martin)", "Arthur Hohl (Victor Radin)", "Claire Du Brey (Mme. Coulvet)", "Juanita Quigley (Marguerite Coulvet)", "Eily Malyon (Laundry Supervisor)", "Frank Reicher (Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Browning's creepy miniatures.  \r\n\r\nPaul Lavond is a wrongly convicted prisoner serving his time on the hellish Devil's Island. Engineering an escape with loopy scientist, Marcel, they take refuge at Marcel's old laboratory. Here Lavond finds to his initial horror just how brilliant Marcel's work is, he has invented a serum that can turn any living being into a miniature of itself. Upon learning of the formula, and disguising himself as an old woman, Lavond plans to wreak horrific revenge on those who framed him and sent him to prison.\r\n\r\nIt's not very often that I actually wish myself to be older than I am, but this is one such case, I can't believe I wouldn't have been terrified back in 1936 as Todd Browning's little people went out bidding Lionel Barrymore's vengeful work! \r\nNow of course the picture looks wearily hokey, but as hokey films go, this is up with the best of them. \r\n\r\nThe special effects stand up to repeat viewings even in this day and age of overkilled S/E purely for ticket selling purposes, with the over-sized sets and props of the trade expertly realised. Barrymore has a great time and entertains fully from first shot till last, with great support coming from the gorgeous Maureen O'Sullivan and a gruff Robert Greig. \r\n\r\nAdapted from Abraham Merritt's novel called Burn Witch Burn! (co screenplay credit to Erich von Stroheim no less!), it's actually cinematographer Leonard Smith who deserves the biggest pat on the back. Capturing the fantastical nature of the piece perfectly, it's really only now with crisper DVD (etc) transfers available that we can see just what a difference a great cinematographer can make to films in need of atmospheric touches.\r\n\r\nStill wish I could have seen this on a big old creaky screen in 1936 though! 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [28261, 21564, 29394, 26282]}