{"tmdb_id": 293452, "title": "La Chambre des oubli\u00e9s", "original_title": "The Disappointments Room", "slug_title": "la-chambre-des-oublies", "date": "2016-09-09", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "Une m\u00e8re et sa famille d\u00e9m\u00e9nagent dans une belle maison \u00e0 la campagne. La b\u00e2tisse cache une pi\u00e8ce secr\u00e8te bient\u00f4t d\u00e9couverte... et renfermant un sombre secret.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/htnXSuO0gMawdCfOZwFEs8kMCl8.jpg", "actors": ["Kate Beckinsale (Dana Barrow)", "Mel Raido (David Barrow)", "Duncan Joiner (Lucas Barrow)", "Lucas Till (Ben Phillips Jr.)", "Gerald McRaney (Judge Ernest Blacker)", "Michaela Conlin (Jules)", "Michael Landes (Teddy)", "Marcia De Rousse (Ms. Judith)", "Celia Weston (Marti Morrison)", "Ella Jones (Laura Blacker)", "Jennifer Leigh Mann (Mrs. Blacker)", "Joely Fisher (Psychiatrist)", "Melissa Eastwood (Period-Guilt Ridden Woman)", "Robert McRary (Ghost)", "Peabody Southwell (Singer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "So here we go again\u2026another derivative suburban haunted house horror showcase featuring a harried heroine\u2019s beleaguered state of mind from the wicked walls within her household\u2019s creepy confines. The aptly entitled **The Disappointments Room** is the latest flaccid floorboard frightfest that tries to turn its predictable creaks into gloomy gold. Instead, **The Disappointments Room** is yet another redundant devious domicile drama that clumsily blends stagy supernatural suspense with victimized mental illness overtones.\r\n\r\nUnlike the recent hair-raising, house haunting gem such as David F. Sandberg\u2019s well-received horror home thriller _Lights Out_ co-writer/director D.J. Caruso (\u201cEagle Eye\u201d, \u201cDisturbia\u201d) never solidly establishes a workman-like psychology that gives his lop-sided eerie narrative an imaginative sense of insinuation and trauma or flowing raw nervousness. Instead, **The Disappointments Room** merely consists of tepid teasing that only a semi-riveting psychological-horror can provide.\r\n\r\nIt is a known fact that **The Disappointments Room** sat on shelves with no release date in sight in the wake of its film distributor\u2019s (Relatively Media) financial woes back in 2015. Well, some may suggest that this toothless horror house sideshow should have continued to remain shelved since it brings absolutely no distinctive scares or challenging home-bound havoc to the proverbial terrorizing table.\r\n\r\nKate Beckinsale, last seen in the critically acclaimed Jane Austen-inspired _Love & Friendship_, is totally out of her element in this banal bump-in-the-night offering. Beckinsale plays Dana, a grieving wife and mother that decides to pack up from Brooklyn and move to the country in North Carolina to ease the emotional pain in the aftermath of her deceased baby daughter\u2019s passing. Joining Dana is her husband David (Mel Raido) and young son Lucas (Duncan Joiner) hoping to escape their brand of psychological sadness as well. Thus, architect Dana and her family are heading to a sprawling yet deteriorating rural estate that they purchased as their idyllic getaway from urban life. Naturally, Dana is able to apply her professional know-how flourishes to the dilapidated property she now calls home.\r\n\r\nPredictably, the new homestead has some unique mystery that Dana eventually uncovers in the form of a hidden attic room for which is opened by the missing key. Consequently, all hell breaks loose as the nightmarish result of Dana\u2019s forbidden curiosity. Now the country manor has become a hallucinating hellhole for the imperiled Dana. Specifically, the raucous room in question is the center of disturbing disillusionment experienced by the disoriented Dana. Soon, Dana is surrounded by freakish apparitions that pop up randomly. Even the ominous ghostly sighting of the house\u2019s former owner Judge Blacker (Gerald McRaney) and his satanic black dog plagues poor Dana\u2019s psyche. When Dana is not being twitchy over the demonic spirits she has to tolerate the local handyman Ben\u2019s (Lucas Till) irksome flirtatious come-on while making repairs on her home.\r\n\r\nDana is understandably distraught as the Disappointments Room has effectively bombarded her tortured soul. She tries desperately to convey to her family the torment of the household threatening spirits but they dismiss her claims as nothing more than a major leftover residual breakdown regarding the baby daughter they lost so tragically. Can Dana overcome her personal crisis for releasing these retaliatory shadowy images that are causing her mental instability? Will she be able to ease her suffering of a loved one\u2019s loss while tackling the sinister forces that persist in her menacing manor? How can she protect her precious boy Lucas when as a mother she failed to prevent the passing of her aforementioned baby girl?\r\n\r\n**The Disappointments Room** co-scripting duties are shared by Caruso and former Fox-TV Prison Break actor Wentworth Miller. They aimlessly tack on the unexplained spooky nemesis and attempt to foster Beckinsale\u2019s Dana with escalated psychological burdens. The problem is that the toothless creepy haunted house cliches and Beckinsale\u2019s motherly vulnerabilities are sluggishly presented on a prolonged whim. There does not seem to be enough structured and genuine thrills and chills to elevate **The Disappointments Room** beyond it being deemed as another perfunctory, repetitive housebound hell-raiser joining the genre. Although Beckinsale tries to give credible heft to her character Dana\u2019s frazzled misery she simply comes off as a thinly veiled worrywart.\r\n\r\nOne cannot fault Caruso\u2019s directorial diligence in trying to ambitiously solidify **The Disappointments Room** as a percolating psychological-horror project by incorporating all the moving parts of Dana\u2019s fragile mindset of love and loss, her property\u2019s problematic infestation of intimidating ghouls and unwanted advances from bothersome cretins such as Till\u2019s insufferable handyman Ben. However, these revolving subplots never seem to effortless blend together on the same level therefore causing a chaotic choppiness to the film\u2019s edgy rhythm. For American boob tube fanatics it is a nostalgic kick to see supporting veteran television personalities participate such as McRaney (\u201cSimon & Simon\u201d, \u201cMajor Dad\u201d, \u201cDesigning Women\u201d), Celia Weston (\u201cAlice\u201d) and Joely Fisher (\u201cEllen\u201d, \u201cTil Death\u201d) but they and other performers are inexplicably wasted in this hackneyed horror dud.\r\n\r\nIt is safe to predict that the sub-par **The Disappointments Room** will not make anybody forget celebrated cinematic housing aberrations such as _The Amityville Horror_ or even _Panic Room_ anytime soon.\r\n\r\n**The Disappointments Room** (2016)\r\n\r\nRelativity Studios\r\n\r\n1 hr. 40 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Kate Beckinsale, Mel Raido, Gerald McRaney, Lucas Till, Duncan Joiner, Joely Fisher, Celia Weston, Michael Landes\r\n\r\nDirected and Co-Written by: D.J. Caruso\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Horror/Psychological Thriller/Supernatural Drama\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s Rating: ** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n(c) **Frank Ochieng** 2016"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Seriously, who fucking edited this?\r\n\r\nWhen you pit a word like \"Bad\", \"Weak\" or in this case \"Disappointment\" in your film title, it's worth making sure that the movie doesn't actually suck, otherwise you're just asking to get roasted by the critics.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605 - Of no value._"}], "recommandations_id": [394661, 354924, 257345, 403642]}