{"tmdb_id": 29343, "title": "Les monstres de la mer", "original_title": "Humanoids from the Deep", "slug_title": "les-monstres-de-la-mer", "date": "1980-05-01", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Une compagnie scientifique \u00e9l\u00e8ve des saumons g\u00e9n\u00e9tiquement modifi\u00e9s. Par un coup de malchance, ces poissons se retrouvent d\u00e9vor\u00e9s par des c\u0153lacanthes, qui se mettent \u00e0 muter en hommes-poissons voraces et envahissent le port du coin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oMYTZt6e4MIZ5AFB2q0qp3WHI9P.jpg", "actors": ["Doug McClure (Jim Hill)", "Ann Turkel (Dr. Susan Drake)", "Vic Morrow (Hank Slattery)", "Cindy Weintraub (Carol Hill)", "Anthony Pena (Johnny Eagle)", "Denise Galik (Linda Beale)", "Lynn Theel (Peggy Larson)", "Meegan King (Jerry Potter)", "Breck Costin (Tommy Hill)", "Hoke Howell (Deke Jensen)", "Don Maxwell (Dickie Moore)", "David Strassman (Billy)", "Greg Travis (Mike Michaels, Radio Announcer)", "Linda Shayne (Sandy, Miss Salmon)", "Lisa Glaser (Becky)", "Bruce Monette (Jake Potter)", "Amy Barrett (Amy)", "Rob Bottin (Humanoid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Rapist Creatures from the Black Lagoon \r\n\r\nThis Roger Corman production was released in 1980 and concerns a northern California fishing community beset by humanoid marine creatures intent on killing the dudes and having sex with the ladies. It\u2019s as if the creatures say: \"Where all dem white wimmens at?\" Doug McClure plays the lead protagonist, Jim Hill, while Anthony Pena is on hand as a persecuted Indian, Johnny Eagle.\r\n\r\nThe monsters aren\u2019t too far removed from the Gill-man from \u201cCreature from the Black Lagoon\u201d (1954), albeit with big heads, sharp teeth, loong arms and huge tails. The setting and tone is similar to the contemporaneous \u201cProphecy\u201d (1979) and \u201cThe Fog\u201d (1980), except that \u201cHumanoids from the Deep\u201d throws in the rape angle and female nudity, mostly top nudity, but one woman on the beach is shown fully nude.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of the women, curvy Cindy Weintraub stands out as Jim Hill\u2019s wife, as does voluptuous Lynn Theel, both uniquely attractive (don\u2019t expect boring thin blondes with fake breasts). There are a couple of other notable cuties. Meanwhile towering Ann Turkel plays the requisite marine scientist.\r\n\r\nThe \u201cshocking\u201d tacked-on epilogue is well done, but it rips off \u201cAlien\u201d (1979). Been there, done that (and done better).\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 20 minutes and was shot in the Fort Bragg area of Northern California. It was remade in 1996 with Emma Samms and Robert Carradine.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [20850, 34023, 39916, 42251]}