{"tmdb_id": 293660, "title": "Deadpool", "original_title": "Deadpool", "slug_title": "deadpool", "date": "2016-02-09", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Deadpool, est l'anti-h\u00e9ros le plus atypique de l'univers Marvel. \u00c0 l'origine, il s'appelle Wade Wilson : un ancien militaire des Forces Sp\u00e9ciales devenu mercenaire. Apr\u00e8s avoir subi une exp\u00e9rimentation hors norme qui va acc\u00e9l\u00e9rer ses pouvoirs de gu\u00e9rison, il va devenir Deadpool. Arm\u00e9 de ses nouvelles capacit\u00e9s et d'un humour noir survolt\u00e9, Deadpool va traquer l'homme qui a bien failli an\u00e9antir sa vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eJyRzC5uFjQryu8Hm61yqtrzj4S.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Reynolds (Wade Wilson / Deadpool)", "Morena Baccarin (Vanessa Carlysle)", "Ed Skrein (Francis Freeman / Ajax)", "T.J. Miller (Jack Hammer / Weasel)", "Gina Carano (Christina / Angel Dust)", "Brianna Hildebrand (Ellie Phimister / Negasonic Teenage Warhead)", "Stefan Kapi\u010di\u0107 (Piotr Rasputin / Colossus (voice))", "Andre Tricoteux (Piotr Rasputin / Colossus (stand-in))", "Leslie Uggams (Blind Al)", "Karan Soni (Dopinder)", "Jed Rees (Recruiter)", "Stan Lee (Strip Club Emcee)", "Rob Liefeld (Weasel's Bar Patron)", "Rob Hayter (Bob)", "Randal Reeder (Buck)", "Isaac C. Singleton Jr. (Boothe)", "Michael Benyaer (Warlord)", "Style Dayne (Jeremy (Pizza Guy))", "Kyle Cassie (Gavin Merchant)", "Taylor Hickson (Meghan Orlovsky)", "Ayzee (Teen Girl #1)", "Naika Toussaint (Teen Girl #2)", "Justyn Shippelt (Arcade Ticket Taker)", "Donna Yamamoto (Oncologist)", "Hugh Scott (David Cunningham)", "Cindy Piper (Chinatown Merchant)", "Emily Haine (Whisper Girlfriend)", "Aatash Amir (Whisper Boyfriend)", "Chad Riley (Pool Hall Goon)", "Darcey Johnson (Garbage Truck Driver)", "Kyle Rideout (Super Soldier #1)", "Jason William Day (Super Soldier #2)", "Ben Wilkinson (No5 Orange Manager)", "Rachel Sheen (Strip Club Worker)", "Paul Lazenby (Flight Deck Guard)", "Heather Ashley Chase (Stripclub Pole Performer (uncredited))", "Paul Belsito (Fight Club Boss)", "Fabiola Colmenero (Guadalajaran Nurse (uncredited))", "Victoria De Mare (Stripper (uncredited))", "David Hardware (Strip Club Spectator (uncredited))", "Matthew Hoglie (Strip Club Patron (uncredited))", "Tony Chris Kazoleas (Fight Club Spectator (uncredited))", "Greg LaSalle (Colossus (Facial Performance) (uncredited))", "David Longworth (Elderly Man (uncredited))", "Michael Neumeyer (Soldier (uncredited))", "Sean Quan (Ten Year Old Boy (uncredited))", "Anthony J. Sacco (Thug (uncredited))", "Olesia Shewchuk (Guadalajaran Mother (uncredited))", "Dan Zachary (Biker (uncredited))", "Maggie Baird (Voice Cast (voice))", "David Ber\u00f3n (Voice Cast (voice))", "Richard Epcar (Voice Cast (voice))", "Lex Lang (Voice Cast (voice))", "David Michie (Voice Cast (voice))", "Ben Pronsky (Wade Wilson / Deadpool (VA Double) (voice))", "Matthew Wolf (Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "huy.duc.eastagile", "content": "A funny movie with a romantic love story.\r\n\r\nWade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative who now works as a mercenary. His world comes crashing down when evil scientist Ajax (Ed Skrein) tortures, disfigures and transforms him into Deadpool. \r\n\r\nThe rogue experiment leaves Deadpool with accelerated healing powers and a twisted sense of humor. With help from mutant allies Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), Deadpool uses his new skills to hunt down the man who nearly destroyed his life."}, {"pseudo": "Wong", "content": "I actually enjoyed the movie so much that i'll recommend it to all my friends, at first i didn't really want to watch it because i'm not into super hero movies at all, but i did anyway, i mean people were talking so much about it i had to see it myself and what an awesome choice i made. The good thing about this movie is that Deadpool is a hero but in a very comedic way, you don't usually expect comedy from a superhero film but this one was full of comedy and the way they treated the plot was amazing, it was there, humor was there in every scene, even when there was fighting or romance or any other scene, the writers managed to add comedy everywhere in a very good way that'll surprisingly make you want to watch it again, and again. Thank you for taking the time read my review and if you're asking yourself if you should watch this movie, it's a definite Yes."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> So this guy in the red suit came and broke some records...\r\n\r\nI was not a Deadpool fan and I'm still not, but like any superhero films I'd pleasure watching it. The other reason was, we had other superheroes in our time, so this guy is kind of new to me. It was a stunning launch to the big screen for the Deadpool as well as for this new director. This film was merely an introduction tale than a fully stretched story. Like how a human becomes a mutant and later who seeks a revenge for ruining his natural life. But it yet to explain a couple of things and I hope it all will be revealed in its sequel.\r\n\r\nI am happy for Ryan Reynolds to get another chance, because his previous comic book character did not received well. I certainly liked the film, but nowadays there are plenty of superheroes to choose, in that, Deadpool's not in my top 5. So I am happy he joined the 'X-Men', because I never liked the boring 'X-Men' films or its characters, but I do love its spinoff 'Wolverine'. I'll definitely look forward for his solo films like 'Wolverine'.\r\n\r\nThis film broke a few records like the best box office so far for an 'X-Men' installment. A short film with the present and flashback narration shared the screen piece by piece alternatively. This was a strong R rated film so far I have seen in a superhero theme and there were plenty of other films referred. No offense to the people who liked it (and those who are going watch will do the same), but in my personal opinion it was a bit over-celebrated.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Though I have always been a DC enthusiast, I was intrigued by the idea of the Deadpool movie, and knew I'd end up watching it (I probably see 70% of DC films that are released and maybe 20% of Marvel ones). I enjoyed its definitely postmodern approach--and wish Reynolds' Green Lantern movie had one-tenth the humour and charm that THIS film had.\r\n\r\nIt'll be very interesting to see how comic-book movies are affected, both short- and long-term by its massive success."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This film was very funny. Ryan Reynolds was made for this role. The innuendos did get a bit much though.\r\n\r\nIt was well written and the direction was very good but it did go into a territory that it was trying to make fun of. I got bored of all the action hero conventions after a while.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}, {"pseudo": "jamitchell1509", "content": "As a comic book fan, I was fairly dubious about Deadpool\u2019s cinematic outing. I wasn't altogether sure that a film that would obviously have to be fun, self-referential and self-aware could also be able to talk about a character who not only becomes seriously ill, but also struggles to keep a grip on his sanity well enough to do the character justice. \r\n\r\nWhen I watched the film, it was clear that I had been over-thinking. Perhaps the makers of the film had thought the same as me. Perhaps they thought that trying to be lighthearted and slightly dark at the same time would be like trying to keep too many balls in the air. I say that because the issue of Deadpool\u2019s sanity, or lack thereof, is only touched upon. If that is the case, I think it is quite a clever decision in a \u2018let's not try to run before we can walk\u2019 kind of a way. If not, Tim Miller has still given us a very enjoyable film, in which, Ryan Reynolds shines as an extremely good comedic actor."}], "recommandations_id": [271110, 209112, 102899, 246655]}