{"tmdb_id": 293679, "title": "Third Planet in the Solar System", "original_title": "\u0422\u0440\u0435\u0442\u0430 \u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434 \u0421\u043b\u044a\u043d\u0446\u0435\u0442\u043e", "slug_title": "third-planet-in-the-solar-system", "date": "1972-10-20", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The film is in 3 parts:  1) 'Eden' - Aliens from the planet Rhea have flown with a damaged spaceship to Earth, looking for intelligent beings. They find apemen and take one of them into their ship.  2) 'The Wanderer' - A crime writer, who is travelling to see his dying friend, picks up a strange hitchhiker. On his return from the sanatorium, his car goes off the road, but the stranger lifts it into the air and lands it back on the highway. Then he goes to the writer's house and shows him his supernatural abilities.  3) 'My First Day' - Len, an alien traveler arrives on Earth to share with humans the knowledge of their ancient civilization. He meets its inhabitants, who are served by robots and travel back in time, because their life is boring and meaningless. Every day his hostess Lena visits an ancient Slavic settlement and monitors its inhabitants. One day she appears before the hunter Bayan, who has been captivated by her beauty and takes her into his hut.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lzdSalnyCoOXFxgeACa83drdY4A.jpg", "actors": ["Itzhak Finzi (The Commander)", "Naum Shopov (The Stranger, Len)", "Ivan Manov (The Poet)", "Dobrinka Stankova (Lena)", "Ivan Mykolaichuk (Bayan)", "Todor Kolev (Len)", "Stoyan Gudev (Knyazat)", "Kristiyan Fokov (Alek)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}