{"tmdb_id": 293670, "title": "The Strangers", "original_title": "\uace1\uc131", "slug_title": "the-strangers", "date": "2016-05-12", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "La vie d\u2019un village cor\u00e9en est boulevers\u00e9e par une s\u00e9rie de meurtres, aussi sauvages qu\u2019inexpliqu\u00e9s, qui frappe au hasard la petite communaut\u00e9 rurale.  La pr\u00e9sence, r\u00e9cente, d\u2019un vieil \u00e9tranger qui vit en ermite dans les bois attise rumeurs et superstitions.  Face \u00e0 l\u2019incomp\u00e9tence de la police pour trouver l\u2019assassin ou une explication sens\u00e9e, certains villageois demandent l\u2019aide d\u2019un chaman.  Pour Jong-gu aussi , un policier dont la famille est directement menac\u00e9e, il est de plus en plus \u00e9vident que ces crimes ont un fondement surnaturel\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aijmq2I4O8zZrJtqAZm6o4tOM6g.jpg", "actors": ["Kwak Do-won (Jong-Goo)", "Hwang Jung-min (Il-Gwang)", "Chun Woo-hee (Moo Myeong)", "Jun Kunimura (The Stranger)", "Kim Hwan-hee (Hyo-jin)", "Heo Jin (Mother-in-law)", "Jang So-yeon (Jong-Goo's wife)", "Jo Han-chul (Detective 1)", "Son Kang-gook (Oh Sung-bok)", "Park Sung-yeon (Kwon Myung-joo)", "Do-Yoon Kim (Yang Yi-sam)", "Bae Yong-geun (Police officer)", "Kim Ki-chun (Police box chief)", "Yoo Soon-woong (Police station chief)", "Lee Yong-nyeo (Jak-boo's mom)", "Hwang Seok-jeong (Merchant)", "Moon Chang-gil (Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A father's struggle to see his daughter to get well.**\r\n\r\nA new film from the writer, director of 'The Chaser' and 'The Yellow Sea'. This time its a horror-thriller that focused on a rural police officer who witnesses a series of strange events escalating fears among its people. The original title was 'Goksung', which means the name of the village where this story takes place. This film is specially for those who like Korean films. But I'm sure that everyone would enjoy it equally. Very typical Korean film yet an engaging theme and thrilling, particularly towards the final quarter.\r\n\r\nThe opening, and almost the first act were like a black comedy. That does remain same after sometime. Because they wanted to give an impression what kind of person is this story's lead man. He's a cop, but feared of supernatural stuffs. So one day, he gets an early morning call to head where a family was slaughtered by one of its members. In his small village, with a small population, events like this are very rare, but when another similar incident was reported, ruled out what it was considered, but something else beyond humans.\r\n\r\nAfter the strange dreams, he comes to know his family too got affected by it, particularly his young daughter. Followed by when it gets serious issue, the family decides to bring in a shaman and so the ceremony begins to free her from whatever possessed. This is where the film turns more aggressive in revealing following event with twists and turns. The rest of the film should be watched to know how it all ends.\r\n\r\nThe first thing was the film length. It was too long, nearly 150 minutes, but the screenplay filled with many enthralling scenes and dialogues. So I don't think sitting for that long would be an issue for most of the people. Surely you will be on your seat edge most of the time on your watch. Good story, but very confusing. I mean not puzzling way, but the events and its characters, especially the conclusion which is not exactly a perfect one with proper detail. So you might look for some clarifications after watching the film.\r\n\r\n> \"If you go fishing, do you know what you'll catch? He's just fishing. Not even he knows what he'll catch.\"\r\n\r\nThe concept was a little confusing like what kind of horror is this. At one stage there comes a zombie, but it follows right after an exorcism on a girl possessed by a ghost. The writer used the time as long as he wants to develop them. So the narration was slow, but very steady on its direction going deep. If you are good at Korean films, the style they make, you might predict some of the scenes correctly. Like I said the final few minutes might confuse you, but really well done part if you understand that clearly.\r\n\r\nThe film characters wise, I liked how it all connected at the end. But as a story, the solution did not seem right. I think not the fitting one or more convincing. I know who would you root, I mean most of you back what character, so from that perspective, feels it compromised a bit after put up a stern fight with what they had believed. I liked how culturally this story was narrated. I mean as its set in a small village, the ceremonies to fight the evil spirit was conducted traditional way, not the western style, except it opened with a quote from the bible.\r\n\r\nThe actors were perfect, particularly I liked where it was shot. A fine location to mix horror and cop themes. The suspense keeps the film alive, but you won't always looking at that, because the theme expands quite bigger than you expect. There are some unexpected turns, you might find yourself scratching your head for how deep it could go.\r\n\r\nDon't worry, in the end, it all comes together, or maybe watching it twice could help you with that. As I said the runtime might not favour you for the second viewing. Besides, pay a good attention while watching it for the first time, then you will get everything. Particularly if you are an animal lover, that's a biggest clue you could get in this film.\r\n\r\nI think it will be one of the best horror you would find around the world this year. It might get remade elsewhere, but the chances are less and it could remain as one of the Korean classics in the line of many others like 'Memories of Murder'. You don't have to be a Korean film fan or this director's, but if you do, surely you will have an advantage in understanding it clearly and like it more than the others. Definitely it is one of the best Korean films, but I don't think so a must see, not according to me. Though I won't conclude my review without recommending it to you. So I say watch it.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Key-Si", "content": "Watching \"The Wailing\" is quite an undertaking. With a runtime of almost 3 hours this Korean Horror-Triller is a shear beast. Unfortunately I feel like pretty much more than half the runtime should have been cut. \"The Wailing\" circles around in a seemingly endless \"who done it\" or, to be more precise, \"who is it\" and even though the acting of our lead Do-won Kwak was not too bad, the dialogues bothered me constantly. I find myself repeating this for about every Asian movie and I assume it must be a cultural thing. I mostly find the talk so generic and pointless, that you could reduce some movies to 5-10 important lines and let them be quiet for the entire rest of the runtime. And this movie is no different. The best acting performance was delivered by Jun Kunimura, who not only presented a great play with mimic, but also refused to talk much (I bet he knew I would appreciate that). The cinematography was pretty good and I liked the realistic appearing gore effects. Not so much on the \"possessed zombies\" but therefore on the crime scenes and such. With that many pro's and con's \"The Wailing\" ends up somewhere in the middle and can therefore be labeled average."}], "recommandations_id": [57361, 13855, 49797, 30018], "youtube_key": "43uAputjI4k"}