{"tmdb_id": 29381, "title": "Caged", "original_title": "Caged", "slug_title": "caged", "date": "1950-05-19", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune fille de 19 ans est condamn\u00e9e \u00e0 la prison pour complicit\u00e9 dans un hold-up qui a mal tourn\u00e9. Son tort est d\u2019avoir accompagn\u00e9 son jeune mari. Celui-ci a \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9. Un malheur n\u2019arrive jamais seul : en arrivant dans la prison, elle apprend qu\u2019elle est enceinte. Rapidement elle va \u00eatre en butte \u00e0 la m\u00e9chancet\u00e9 de Harper la gardienne en chef qui veut imposer sa loi. Au fur et \u00e0 mesure que le temps va passer, elle d\u00e9sesp\u00e8re d\u2019obtenir une libert\u00e9 conditionnelle qui lui permettrait de reprendre une vie honn\u00eate et d\u00e9cente et peut-\u00eatre de retrouver son enfant qui lui a \u00e9t\u00e9 enlev\u00e9. Finalement, elle acceptera de rejoindre le milieu et pourra sortir de prison, mais elle va entamer une carri\u00e8re criminelle qui s\u00fbrement la ram\u00e8nera en prison.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3rPBlpMRejVI9rehnYKiYFLz7pi.jpg", "actors": ["Eleanor Parker (Marie Allen)", "Agnes Moorehead (Ruth Benton)", "Ellen Corby (Emma Barber)", "Hope Emerson (Evelyn Harper)", "Betty Garde (Kitty Stark)", "Jan Sterling (Smoochie)", "Lee Patrick (Elvira Powell)", "Olive Deering (June)", "Jane Darwell (Isolation Matron)", "Gertrude Michael (Georgia Harrison)", "Sheila MacRae (Helen)", "Gertrude Hoffmann (Millie Lewis)", "Queenie Smith (Marie's Mother)", "Don Beddoe (Sam Walker)", "Esther Howard (Grace)", "Edith Evanson (Miss Barker)", "Grace Hayes (Mugging Matron (uncredited))", "Taylor Holmes (Sen. Ted Donnolly (uncredited))", "Nita Talbot (Inmate (uncredited))", "Sheila Stuart (Inmate Velma Washington (uncredited))", "Hazel Keener (Matron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Prisoner 93850\r\n\r\nCaged is directed by John Cromwell and adapted by Virginia Kellogg from her own story Women Without men that was co-written with Bernard C. Schoenfeld. It stars Eleanor Parker, Agnes Moorehead, Ellen Corby, Betty Garde and Hope Emerson. Music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by Carl E. Guthrie.\r\n\r\nTeenager Marie Allen (Parker) is sent to a women\u2019s prison after being found guilty of being an accomplice in a robbery, a robbery that saw her husband killed. She\u2019s also pregnant and will have to have the child in the prison. Struggling to come to terms with her incarceration and the tough regime overseen by brutish warden Harper (Emerson), Marie comes to realise that she may have to go through a major character transformation to survive.\r\n\r\nUnfairly tagged as camp and sounding on synopsis like what would become a cheese laden staple of women\u2019s prison movies, Caged is actually rather powerful film making. The deconstruction and subsequent transformation of a young woman who clearly doesn\u2019t belong behind those walls, is bleakly told. The prison is a foreboding place, the lady character\u2019s reactions to their surroundings and way of life are emotionally charged.\r\n\r\nFrank in its portrayal of prison life back then, but sly with its insinuations of sexual proclivities and criminal doings on the inside, the writing has a crafty edge most befitting the sombre tone that pervades the picture. Parker leads off the list of great performances to bring the drama to life, and with Guthrie\u2019s black and white photography superbly emphasising claustrophobia and pungent emotional turmoil, it rounds out as a thoroughly gripping piece of film. With an ending that\u2019s appropriately biting as well. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32684, 115596, 81321, 18671]}