{"tmdb_id": 293863, "title": "Adaline", "original_title": "The Age of Adaline", "slug_title": "adaline", "date": "2015-04-16", "genre": ["Fantastique / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s un accident qui aurait d\u00fb lui \u00eatre fatal, la belle Adaline cesse de vieillir. Aujourd'hui, bien qu'ayant v\u00e9cu pr\u00e8s de huit d\u00e9cennies, elle est toujours \u00e2g\u00e9e de 29 ans. Apr\u00e8s avoir men\u00e9 une existence solitaire afin de ne jamais r\u00e9v\u00e9ler son secret, une rencontre fortuite avec le philanthrope et charismatique Ellis Jones, va raviver sa passion de la vie et de l'amour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gEDGROZ4NQDlRjUPPSSyIf0hKvD.jpg", "actors": ["Blake Lively (Adaline Bowman)", "Michiel Huisman (Ellis Jones)", "Harrison Ford (William Jones)", "Ellen Burstyn (Flemming)", "Kathy Baker (Kathy Jones)", "Amanda Crew (Kiki)", "Lynda Boyd (Regan)", "Richard Harmon (Tony)", "Fulvio Cecere (Cab Driver)", "Anjali Jay (Cora)", "Hiro Kanagawa (Kenneth)", "Peter J. Gray (Clarence James Prescott)", "Izabel Pearce (Flemming (Age 5))", "Cate Richardson (Flemming (Age 20))", "Jane Craven (Miriam)", "Noel Johansen (1950s Policeman)", "Aaron Craven (1950s FBI Agent)", "Primo Allon (1940s Officer #1)", "Darren Dolynski (1940s Officer #2)", "Chris William Martin (Dale Davenport)", "Mark Ghanim\u00e9 (New Year's Eve Stranger)", "Shaker Paleja (Hotel Doorman)", "Daniel Bacon (Boat Tunnel Guide)", "Barclay Hope (Financial Advisor)", "Robert Moloney (1950s Financial Advisor)", "Lane Edwards (Veterinarian)", "Hugh Ross (Narrator)", "Toby Levins (Ellis Apartment Super)", "Anthony Ingruber (Young William Jones)", "Keith McCafferty (1960s Hippie Photographer)", "Serge Houde (Good Samaritan)", "Alison Wandzura (Paramedic #1)", "Demord Dann (Paramedic #2)", "Grace Chin (E.R. Doctor)", "Dee Jay Jackson (1960s Cab Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The man is not ready yet for the eternal life!?\r\n\r\nThe first time when I saw the trailer, I thought it might be a female version or a close kind of 'Winter's Tale'. Though this is not a fairy tale, but a heartwarming sci-fantasy romedy. For every action in the movie they explained it very clearly, that's the indication of the involvement of the science, but mostly bogus for the present era. So that is where fantasy steps in.\r\n\r\nA beautiful concept with the wonderful cast. And again they did not make full use of it, lacked a deep exploration into the theme they have created for this movie. Blake Lively solely handled the movie and none others were up to the expectation, expect Harrison Ford in his about 5% of the screen presence.\r\n\r\nLike most of the guys, I am displeased with the ending. Till then I was enjoying the film, but later it ruined my mood. Because humans are always desiring for things which are out of his league and I'm human too. Since I'm not Adaline I was rooting her and I was disappointed once the twist at the end came. Later I accepted that, because it was a perfect conclusion regarding whatever I wanted.\r\n\r\nIn an entertainment movie, sometime we won't care about what's good and bad, but need some good pleasure for the time we spend for it. Especially in this kind of theme, which are out of reality, we usually love a happy ending. Because families want to leave the cinema hall with a good mood as it is indeed targeted for family audiences. So I am not going to spoil you by revealing facts about the movie, but I think you should watch it if you like modern world fantasy.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [200727, 228205, 296096, 72570], "youtube_key": "7UzSekc0LoQ"}