{"tmdb_id": 294016, "title": "Dalton Trumbo", "original_title": "Trumbo", "slug_title": "dalton-trumbo", "date": "2015-10-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Hollywood, la Guerre Froide bat son plein. Alors qu\u2019il est au sommet de son art, le sc\u00e9nariste Dalton Trumbo est accus\u00e9 d\u2019\u00eatre communiste. Avec d\u2019autres artistes, il devient tr\u00e8s vite infr\u00e9quentable, puis est emprisonn\u00e9 et plac\u00e9 sur la Liste Noire : il lui est d\u00e9sormais impossible de travailler. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 son talent et au soutien inconditionnel de sa famille, Il va contourner cette interdiction. En menant dans l\u2019ombre un long combat vers sa r\u00e9habilitation, il forgera sa l\u00e9gende.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zShoKppVxFtRP8pIVeVQ4j2DEkz.jpg", "actors": ["Bryan Cranston (Dalton Trumbo)", "Diane Lane (Cleo Trumbo)", "Helen Mirren (Hedda Hopper)", "Elle Fanning (Nikola Trumbo)", "Louis C.K. (Arlen Hird)", "John Goodman (Frank King)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Edward G. Robinson)", "David James Elliott (John Wayne)", "Roger Bart (Buddy Ross)", "Mark Harelik (Ed Muhl)", "John Getz (Sam Wood)", "Alan Tudyk (Ian McLellan Hunter)", "James DuMont (J. Parnell Thomas)", "Richard Portnow (Louis B. Mayer)", "Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Virgil Brooks)", "Stephen Root (Hymie King)", "Mattie Liptak (Chris Trumbo (Age 13-17))", "Dean O'Gorman (Kirk Douglas)", "Garrett Hines (Andrew Hird)", "Christian Berkel (Otto Preminger)", "Dan Bakkedahl (Roy Brewer)", "Toby Nichols (Chris Trumbo (age 6-10) (as Tobias McDowell Nichols))", "Dalton Trumbo (Himself (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> He's a gifted writer yet different from others around him.\r\n\r\nI think it was a sensitive subject for a movie, especially to be made in Hollywood. Communism and United States are like two opposite poles. So portraying an American who supports it is a challenging task for any moviemakers. But the director of 'Meet the Parents' did a great job. Yep, you don't have to take sides while a watch. Of course, the movie discussed the issue of conflict over the types of ruling system, but it was only in the initial part that kind of looked strong. While the story advancing, that topic completely weakened and concentrated more on other stuffs. So don't expect it to be a fight for the constitutional, but a wonderful biography of one of the talented screenwriters in the history of Hollywood.\r\n\r\nCommunism or Democracy, whatever you support that does not matter here to choose whether you want watch it or not. Because this movie very smartly outlined how people are affected when they believe differently from the majority of others around. In the opening, I thought it could be an anti-hero tale, but later it transformed the angle of presentation and indeed in the end the main character turned into a most likeable one.\r\n\r\nI liked Dalton Trumbo, not for what he preferred to support, but how he handled it all. The rival group is who made it a big concern, otherwise he is a neglectable for his egoist nature. Bryan Cranston was amazing in the title role. It's his best in the lead role, after only to the 'Breaking Bad'. Hope he's going to make more lead role films now after. Kind of of inspiring flick, of course, from his professional angle. Definitely one of the best films of the 2015 and deserved its Oscar nod.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [311291, 87492, 321697, 167073], "youtube_key": "af4Ua6DUpzg"}