{"tmdb_id": 294254, "title": "Le Labyrinthe : La Terre br\u00fbl\u00e9e", "original_title": "Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials", "slug_title": "le-labyrinthe-la-terre-brulee", "date": "2015-09-09", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Thomas et les autres Blocards vont devoir faire face \u00e0 leur plus grand d\u00e9fi, rechercher des indices \u00e0 propos de la myst\u00e9rieuse et puissante organisation connue sous le nom de WICKED. Or le monde qu\u2019ils d\u00e9couvrent \u00e0 l\u2019ext\u00e9rieur du Labyrinthe a \u00e9t\u00e9 ravag\u00e9 par l\u2019Apocalypse. Leur p\u00e9riple les am\u00e8ne \u00e0 la Terre Br\u00fbl\u00e9e, un paysage de d\u00e9solation rempli d'obstacles inimaginables. Plus de gouvernement, plus d'ordre\u2026 et des hordes de gens en proie \u00e0 une folie meurtri\u00e8re qui errent dans les villes en ruine. Les Blocards vont devoir unir leurs forces avec d'autres combattants pour pouvoir affronter WICKED et tenter de d\u00e9fier son immense pouvoir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vIDJoIPAxmxwu95a5ftaP7cJF61.jpg", "actors": ["Dylan O'Brien (Thomas)", "Kaya Scodelario (Teresa Agnes)", "Thomas Brodie-Sangster (Newt)", "Giancarlo Esposito (Jorge)", "Aidan Gillen (Janson)", "Barry Pepper (Vince)", "Lili Taylor (Mary Cooper)", "Patricia Clarkson (Ava Paige)", "Ki Hong Lee (Minho)", "Dexter Darden (Frypan)", "Jacob Lofland (Aris Jones)", "Nathalie Emmanuel (Harriet)", "Katherine McNamara (Sonya)", "Lora Martinez-Cunningham (Thomas' Mother)", "Rosa Salazar (Brenda)", "Tatanka Means (Joe)", "Jenny Gabrielle (Ponytail)", "Alan Tudyk (Blondie)", "Shawn Prince (David)", "Terry Dale Parks (Carl (Masked Man))", "John Trejo (M3 Soldier)", "Alexander Flores (Winston)", "Kathryn Smith-McGlynn (Dr. Crawford)", "Matt Metzler (Barkley)", "David House (Soldier)", "Luke Gallegos (Young Thomas)", "Jeremy Becerra (Riley)", "Matthew Page (Harold (Soldier))", "Alex Knight (Aide)", "Marc Comstock (Med Tech)", "Brandon K. Hampton (Surveillance Room Attendant)", "Ryan Jason Cook (Nurse)", "James Burnett (Rebel Sentry)", "Morse Bicknell (Doctor)", "Laramie Cooley (Abigail (uncredited))", "Bryce Romero (Jack (uncredited))", "Keith Jardine (Scavenger Guard (Jim) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "It is quite an automatic instinct to compare and contrast the first installment of 2014\u2019s \u2018The Maze Runner\u2019 with the arrival of the latest entry in director Wes Ball\u2019s distant dystopian drama \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019. The original blueprint effectively captured a unique time and place of mystique and other morbid curiosities.  The audience was craftily introduced to The Glade, a head-scratching venue out in the middle of nowhere while being surrounded by a massive maze that pretty much rendered its survivors in vulnerability and uncertainty. Well, \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 looks to revisit that same kind of mystifying aura where our young and daring protagonists face the surreal obstacles in a futuristic facility that begs for the same kind of grandiose ambivalence. Sadly, \u2018Scorch Trials\u2019 is a derivative follow-up shadow of its former pronounced presentation. This formulaic fantasy fails to provide any distinctive punch or promise to its more competent predecessor.\r\n\r\nAs a post-apocalyptic Young Adult-oriented narrative \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 never really invests in its adventurous characterizations that seem to blankly react to the jittery surroundings without any genuine conviction. It certainly is not advisable to saddle a pack of imperiled individuals in a cocoon of dream-like devastation and not have them equally match the imaginative SF sensibilities of their enthralling, enveloped universe. One can speculate as to whether \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 does any justice to the James Dashner epic-driven YA novels or not. Still, there should be a sense of excitable freshness and intrigue to this eye-opening film project that comes off strangely as remote and mechanical despite the whimsical feel to its wasteland of wonderment.\r\n\r\nSure, some will be partially engaged in the exploits of our young harried heroes bouncing from post to post in a desolate desert known as the Scorch where unpredictable encounters with undesirable creatures and the regional elements are recounted with Ball\u2019s simplistic by-the-dots direction. There will be your predictable share of over-the-top villains, outlandish yet awestruck special effects imagery and a centerpiece for youth-oriented romancing among the ruins. However, \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 should do a better job in whisking its viewers away in a bells-and-whistles story that should be convincingly subversive and challenging.\r\n\r\nBack in the Maze mold madness is Glade stud Thomas (Dylan O\u2019Brien) and his band of fellow wanderers in Theresa (Kaya Scodelario), Minho (Ki Hong Lee), Newt (Thomas Brodie-Sangster), and Frypan (Dexter Darden). The group had learned that their \u2018a-MAZE-ing\u2019 (sorry\u2026could not resist) past experiences had been at the devilish hands of the evil paramilitary outfit known as WCKD (as in the pronounced word \u2018wicked\u2019). The head honcho of the aforementioned WCKD is none other than diabolical diva Dr. Ava Paige (Patricia Clarkson). So now Thomas and his endangered entourage (along with a few more disposable tag-a-longs) are forced to roam in the treacherous Scorch where the ominous run-ins with the resident beastly zombie Cranks are inevitable.\r\n\r\nOf course, there are other factors working against Thomas and his Gladers. First, they must constantly hunt for their safety guaranteed in the arms of the resistance faction called The Right Hand based in mountainous terrain. Secondly, there is also the matter of an outbreak known as the Solar Flare virus that is running amok and the cure is to draw blood from those that are immune.  The underhanded Janson (Aiden Gillen, from television\u2019s \u2018Game Of Thrones\u2019) heads up the laboratory where the shifty agenda for collecting pure blood from unsuspecting hosts is hatched. So the dilemma is presented as such: should Thomas and his put-upon colleagues be the sacrificial lambs in an experimentation that could benefit the numerous lives of their exposed society?\r\n\r\nThe problem, among others, is that \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 never seems to distinguish itself among the crop of other YA-related feature films that seem collectively familiar in theme and tone. The long line of impish and impulsive fare that includes \u2018The Hunger Games\u2019 film franchise and \u2018Divergent\u2019 movie series has already saturated the movie market to the point of no return. Unfortunately, this leaves little room for error for derivative knock-off films such as \u2018Maze Runner: Scorch Trials\u2019 to not only echo the same kind of entertainment value but be considered a few notches off the scale in doing so.\r\n\r\nT.S. Nowlin\u2019s screenplay is shockingly synthetic and that is inexcusable for an escapist SF flick using Dashner\u2019s colourful and descriptive tomes as its inspirational source. A few of the interesting supporting characters come and go while registering some servicing interest such as the dashing duo Jorge and Brenda (Giancarlo Esposito and Rosa Salazar) that befriend the Gladers en route to their destination for comfort and calmness. Gillen\u2019s Janson is serviceable as the slimy opportunist blood baiter. Otherwise, the main performers that make up this cosmetic caper bring little to uplift this pseudo calculating landscape of imagined isolation and desperation.  Somehow, the charismatic presence of both O\u2019Brien\u2019s Thomas and Scodelario\u2019s Theresa seem watered down from the first film.\r\n\r\nFor the second time around it is kind of a tough sell for \u2018Scorch Trials\u2019 to get the obligatory mouse to chase after the cheese in this particular misplaced maze.\r\n\r\nMaze Runner: Scorch Trials (2015)\r\n\r\n20th Century Fox\r\n\r\n2 hrs. 11 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring:  Dylan O\u2019Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Dexter Darden, Ki Hong Lee, Patricia Clarkson, Aidan Gillen, Giancarlo Esposito, Rosa Salazar, Lilli Taylor and Barry Pepper\r\n\r\nDirected by: Wes Ball\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG-13\r\n\r\nGenre: Sci-Fi Fantasy/Dystopian Drama/Young Adult Action & Suspense\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: ** stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The adventure expands outside the maze to seek the answers.\r\n\r\nAnother teen movie in the mid series on the line of 'Divergent' and 'Hunger Games'. As an adult, I don't know what to expect from it, but entertainment was the priority. The first film was just an introduction that happened in a small and a single location like the film 'Cube'. Now it has outspread in a large extent with more new characters and takes a wider adventure in the wastelands.\r\n\r\nMany doubts from the previous film were cleared, yet a few need to be clarified and hoping for the next one to do that job. But anyway the suspense was this franchise's specialty, that simply reminds us the TV series 'Lost'. This second part can be compared with plenty of other post apocalyptic films, but still I liked it better than the first.\r\n\r\nThe best thing was they retained the same director and he's going to be here for the next film as well. But I'm more interested in the prequel, I mean the fourth film than the third which brings an end to the story moving forward. Because the maze holds the key for many unresolved issues. So I'm anticipating the prequel trilogy than the current one to learn how it all began.\r\n\r\nSurprisingly, many new additions like zombies, bounty hunters in the mainstream boosted the film with its variety. Gives us a creepy atmosphere, along thrilling running and chasing. The twist was not that great, but kind of unpredictable, and again due to the mysteries surrounding it, it created more curious about what might happen next.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Let's get to the point. This is bad.\r\n\r\nA dystopian future full of conspiracies in which we throw the typical ingredients thinking that, magically, would make a good movie: teenagers, zombies, a \"Mad-Max\"-like desert and a stupid story in which main characters and their enemies behave stupidly at every step.\r\n\r\nQuite a forgettable one ..."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I believe the adage is meant to go \"Ask me no questions and I tell you no lies\". _Scorch Trials_ however seemed to be trialling the new \"I pose you 500 questions, I tell you no answers\". But there's still some interesting things to find the further the movie goes on. It lacks the cohesion of the first movie, for sure, but there's more going on, so that tracks.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [198663, 262500, 336843, 157350]}