{"tmdb_id": 294276, "title": "Chicano Blood", "original_title": "Chicano Blood", "slug_title": "chicano-blood", "date": "2008-05-13", "genre": "Action / Crime", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qIT6SwSGm0VyvudkzCvBGGy2Hxm.jpg", "actors": ["Damian Chapa (Gabriel Bentez)", "Sian Vilaire (Irma Bentez / Erma)", "Joanna Pacula (The Judge)", "Luis Arrieta (Chicano Gangster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Manny Gonzalez", "content": "I like to give Non-Hollywood movies a chance. I kinda know what I'll get from B grade movie. I've read enough reviews on IMDb that are laced with venom from people. If you buy a KIA you can't expect it to ride like a Rolls Royce. I give these type of movies the benefit of the doubt knowing whoever made them didn't have millions of dollars.\r\n\r\nLet me climb down from my soap box. With that said Chicano Blood falls way short of being a decent B grade gangster movie. I have to put it on the D list. The box cover was awful looking bordering on plain silly. The movie wasn't any better or at least 20 minutes I did watch before turning it off. I gave Chicano Blood a 3 instead of a 1 because of actor/director/ writer/producer Damian Chapa. I admire he is trying to make movies on his terms outside of Hollywood. His other movie Fuego showcases his talents much better than this POS. \r\n\r\nI do need to comment that when a movie like Chicano Blood has nothing to offer viewers why not put in outrageous nudity? Cinemax is home to all kinds of movies that are lousy but they do have nudity to keep a little interest. Don't waste your time on this movie."}, {"pseudo": "Manny Gonzalez", "content": "I like to offer Non-Hollywood movies an opportunity. I sort of recognize what i am going to get from B grade pic. I\\'ve browse enough reviews on IMDb that square measure laced with venom from folks. If you purchase a KIA you cannot expect it to ride sort of a Rolls Royce. I offer these form of movies the advantage of the doubt knowing whoever created them did not have several bucks.\r\n\r\nLet Maine go down from my soap box. therewith aforementioned Chicano Blood falls approach wanting being a good B grade malefactor pic. I actually have to place it on the D list. The box cowl was awful wanting bordering on plain silly. The pic wasn\\'t any higher or a minimum of twenty minutes I did watch before turning it off. I gave Chicano Blood a three rather than a one owing to actor/director/ writer/producer Damian Chapa. i love he\\'s making an attempt to create movies on his terms outside of Hollywood. His different pic Fuego showcases his skills far better than this POS. \r\n\r\nI do got to comment that once a pic like Chicano Blood has nothing to supply viewers why not place in outrageous condition? Cinemax is home to any or all varieties of movies that square measure lousy however they are doing have nudity to stay slightly interest. do not waste some time on this pic."}], "recommandations_id": []}