{"tmdb_id": 294272, "title": "Peter et Elliott le dragon", "original_title": "Pete's Dragon", "slug_title": "peter-et-elliott-le-dragon", "date": "2016-08-10", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Depuis de longues ann\u00e9es, M. Meacham, un vieux sculpteur sur bois, r\u00e9gale les enfants du coin avec ses histoires sur un f\u00e9roce dragon qui vivrait au plus profond de la for\u00eat voisine. Pour sa fille Grace, garde foresti\u00e8re de son \u00e9tat, tout ceci n\u2019est que contes \u00e0 dormir debout\u2026 jusqu\u2019au jour o\u00f9 elle fait connaissance avec Peter. Ce myst\u00e9rieux petit gar\u00e7on de 10 ans - qui dit n\u2019avoir ni famille ni foyer - assure qu\u2019il vit dans les bois avec un dragon g\u00e9ant baptis\u00e9 Elliott. Et la description qu\u2019il en fait correspond \u00e9tonnamment \u00e0 celui dont parle son p\u00e8re\u2026 Avec l\u2019aide de la jeune Natalie - la fille de Jack, le propri\u00e9taire de la scierie -, Grace va tout mettre en oeuvre pour d\u00e9couvrir qui est vraiment Peter, d\u2019o\u00f9 il vient, et percer le secret de son incroyable histoire\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vxi7yxz41OUQH7ECEfQjYyLR6J1.jpg", "actors": ["Oakes Fegley (Pete)", "Bryce Dallas Howard (Grace)", "Wes Bentley (Jack)", "Karl Urban (Gavin)", "Oona Laurence (Natalie)", "Isiah Whitlock Jr. (Sheriff Gene Dentler)", "Robert Redford (Mr. Meacham)", "John Kassir (Elliot the Dragon (voice))", "Marcus Henderson (Woodrow)", "Aaron Jackson (Abner)", "Phil Grieve (Bobby)", "Steve Barr (Deputy Smalls)", "Keagan Carr Fransch (Doctor Marquez)", "Jade Valour (Nurse Merriwether)", "Augustine Frizzell (Mrs. Swanberg)", "Francis Biggs (Mr. Swanberg)", "Jasper Putt (Freckled Kid)", "Esm\u00e9e Myers (Pete's Mom)", "Gareth Reeves (Pete's Dad)", "Levi Alexander (Young Pete)", "Jim McLarty (Ranger Wentworth)", "Brandie Stephens (Patient's Mom)", "Josephine Stephens (Little Girl Patient)", "Tai MacKenzie (EMT Staffer)", "Ian Harcourt (Deputy West)", "Mia Thomas (Jasmine)", "Ruby Acevedo (Joy)", "Oliver Nell (Jerry)", "James Allcock (Jimmy)", "Annabelle Malaika S\u00fcess (Jenny)", "Olly Presling (Billy Brown)", "Jenesis Au-yeung (Julia)", "Daria Ponomaryova (Jane)", "Bukhosi Ngwenya (Jandy)", "William J. Rawbone (Jacob)", "Fraser McLeod (Millworker)", "Richard Falkner (Millworker)", "Jason Fitch (Logger)", "David J. Muzzerall (Citation Driver)", "Geoff Naylor (School Bus Driver)", "Toby Halbrooks (Unfortunate Ambulance Patient)", "Jade Healy (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The infectiously whimsy and adventurous **Pete\u2019s Dragon** undergoes a polished millennial-style rebirth for today\u2019s kiddies not fortunate enough to be alive when the 1977 live-action animated musical blueprint made its charming, impressionable impact for youngsters of all ages back in the day. The festive and frolicking Disney flourishes are applied to co-writer/director David Lowery\u2019s re-imagination of an impish boy and his devoted dragon. There is an even balance of refreshing nostalgia and modern-day spryness and magical sentiment that hovers over this engaging family fable remake from the polyester period. Lowery (2013\u2019s \u201cAin\u2019t Them Bodies Saints\u201d) and screenwriters Toby Halbrooks and Malcolm Marmorstein pack some vibrant punch of wonderment into this children\u2019s tale of gentle mischievousness. Sure, the simplistic approach to the storytelling feels like a step-by-step progression experienced in a majority of child-friendly escapist entertainment. Still, **Pete\u2019s Dragon** is steady in its gentle precision for homespun high jinks. \r\n\r\nWhether appreciating this Disney classic from four decades ago or relishing in Lowery\u2019s current contemplative spectacle one will agree that the heart and soul of this sweet and uplifting narrative remains true to the main factors involved: the runaway (now orphaned) boy Pete and his trusty creature companion Elliot. In fact, it is just as instrumental that the adult presence in **Pete\u2019s Dragon** make an impacting impression as well because this exposition should cater to the delicate sensibilities in us all whether as a curious tyke or reflective grown-up.\r\n\r\nOrphaned and alone, 10-year old Pete (Oakes Fegley) had become a wild child in the deep woods. What was looking pretty grim for Pete in terms of loneliness, abandonment and despair was soon cured when he ended up befriending a giant green furry high-flying dragon named Elliot. For the most part the imposing Elliot served as Pete\u2019s surrogate parent while ensuring protection and friendship for the parent-less prepubescent. There is no question about the dependency that Pete and his dragon Elliot share in loving dependency. The scenic wooded haven serves as the treasured playground for the playful, nature-loving tandem.\r\n\r\nEnter the father-daughter duo of Mr. Meacham (Robert Redford) and Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard). Both strangely have an eerie connection to Pete\u2019s and Elliot\u2019s existence without realizing it. Meacham had been telling engagingly colorful stories to the local children about a mysterious dragon existing in the Northwest Pacific woods. As for Grace she happens to be employed as a Park Ranger for the site of the mentioned woods her father constantly references in his repetitive stories. Soon Grace will encounter the disheveled Pete who is more than willing to share his adventures of living in the thick woods with his massive dragon buddy Elliot. This all seems rather intriguing to Grace because Pete\u2019s description of Elliot is curiously similar to the fictional monster that Meacham cites to the spellbound youngsters. Whatever the case may be regarding Pete and his personalized plight this is something that Grace must investigate.\r\n\r\nGrace is not the only one who finds the wandering Jungle Book youthful clone intriguing. Both Grace\u2019s fiance Jack (Wes Bentley) and 11-year old Natalie (Oona Laurence from \u201cSouthpaw\u201d) are in awe of Pete as well. In any event, Grace and Natalie are determined to find out what lies beneath the surface with the boy and his behemoth sidekick dragon that recalls Meacham\u2019s exaggerated tall tales.\r\n\r\n**Pete\u2019s Dragon** dutifully follows what amounts to be the on-going formula for escapist children\u2019s storybook gems as recently told on the big screen. The reliable source of pathos and warmth wisdom stems from a vulnerable child in search of belonging especially when trying to locate, recognize, reunite or reminisce about the absence of parents. Thankfully, **Pete\u2019s Dragon** is in formidable company with animated treasures such as _Finding Dory_, _The BFG_, _Stranger Things_ and even the aforementioned _Jungle Book_ that follows such a playbook. The realism behind the idyllic childhood is having that sturdy foundation of family and support especially in the impressionable stages of youthful innocence. Among other things Pete\u2019s Dragon solidifies the magnitude of growing pains and a sense of isolation and quieted despair. This is an important message although embedded in the confines of an innocuous juvenile fantasy.\r\n\r\nThe young Fegley resourcefully carries the breezy heartfelt material on his capable little shoulders as the enchanting Pete. The adorable Laurence is equally effective as Natalie whose bonding with her imaginative partner-in-crime Pete is admirable. Elliot the dragon is nothing more than an overgrown affable beast that would make for an amusing act at a neighborhood children\u2019s birthday party. Both Redford\u2019s Meacham and Howard\u2019s Grace are essential as the older elements bridging the mysteries surrounding the mischievous moptop and his humongous hairball confidante.\r\n\r\nThere is no need to critically slay **Pete\u2019s Dragon** as the thrills and life lessons in resiliency should prove instrumental for the enthusiastic kiddie crowd watching from the sidelines.\r\n\r\n**Pete\u2019s Dragon** (2016)\r\n\r\nWalt Disney Pictures\r\n\r\n1 hr. 30 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Oakes Fegley, Bryce Dallas Howard, Robert Redford, Oona Laurence, Wes Bentley, Karl Urban\r\n\r\nDirected by: David Lowery\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG\r\n\r\nGenre: Children\u2019s Fantasy/Sci-Fi/Action and Adventure\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n**(c) Frank Ochieng** (2016)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**For Pete, home is where Elliot is.**\r\n\r\nI saw the '77 film prior to this so that I'm not going to miss anything if the upgradation was done in this new version. That was a quite okay film, so do this one. The difference between two was mainly the technology, but there's a major surge on all departments. Somewhat this looked more enjoyable than the old one. Visually very good, all the actors are great and so the locations, but the story was too short, not the film. It was over a 90 minute long and the entire film looked like an introduction. So there were no developments, everything was just like a beginning. That means the sequel could become a great adventure or it should be.\r\n\r\nThe five year old boy Pete, who lost in the wood after the car with his parents met a mishap, is raised by a dragon named Elliot. Now, eleven, meets some people from the nearby town who came with an agenda. It's like he got everything back what he had lost 6 years ago. Followed by misunderstanding and the human interference in the Elliot's enclosure, the chaos unleash and thrilling final act proceeds before the narration concludes in a style.\r\n\r\nThe kid who played Pete looked some kind of related to Sarah Snook, but he was good and so the others. The film was not good as I was expecting. The box office success was not that great comparing with other Disney films. So the sequel is in doubt, yet the story had ended with a wide open. I am sure you will enjoy watching it, because everything was so pleasant, but only a few people would like it at the end. I don't know if you are one, but definitely worth a try.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Disney's retelling efforts post-Maleficent continue to be worthwhile. Does what the original did only better, and though it's not a brilliant movie, it is well made for the most part, and I found myself quite endeared to the titular dragon.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [267935, 332210, 105864, 313297], "youtube_key": "fPOamb6d_20"}