{"tmdb_id": 29437, "title": "Rage", "original_title": "Rabid", "slug_title": "rage", "date": "1977-04-08", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Gravement bless\u00e9e \u00e0 la suite d'un accident de moto en rase campagne, Rose est op\u00e9r\u00e9e d'urgence dans une clinique priv\u00e9e des environs, Kilo\u00efd. Sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9e dans la chirurgie esth\u00e9tique, cet \u00e9tablissement s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 exp\u00e9rimenter de nouvelles techniques de greffes de peau. Rose, gri\u00e8vement br\u00fbl\u00e9e, va servir de cobaye : on lui pr\u00e9l\u00e8ve de la peau saine, que l'on neutralise par un proc\u00e9d\u00e9 sp\u00e9cial, puis qu'on lui regreffe pour r\u00e9parer les tissus endommag\u00e9s. Apr\u00e8s un mois de coma, elle se r\u00e9veille brutalement. Son m\u00e9tabolisme a chang\u00e9 et un nouvel orifice est apparu sous son aisselle. Elle ne peut plus dig\u00e9rer de nourriture et doit s'alimenter directement de sang, qu'elle pompe par l'interm\u00e9diaire d'un dard r\u00e9tractable log\u00e9 dans le nouvel orifice. La victime est alors contamin\u00e9e et d\u00e9veloppe des sympt\u00f4mes proches de ceux de la rage. Anim\u00e9e de pulsions d'une extr\u00eame violence, elle doit \u00e0 son tour chercher du sang. L'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie se r\u00e9pand rapidement, la loi martiale est d\u00e9cr\u00e9t\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q41ufRSwRPTavOs3LMbpclfJ5Ot.jpg", "actors": ["Marilyn Chambers (Rose)", "Frank Moore (Hart Read)", "Joe Silver (Murray Cypher)", "Howard Ryshpan (Dr. Dan Keloid)", "Patricia Gage (Dr. Roxanne Keloid)", "Susan Roman (Mindy Kent)", "Roger Periard (Lloyd Walsh)", "Lynne Deragon (Nurse Louise)", "Terri Hanauer (Judy Glasberg)", "Victor D\u00e9sy (Claude LaPointe)", "Miguel Fernandes (Man in Cinema)", "Robert O'Ree (Police Sergeant)", "Vlasta Vr\u00e1na (Cop at Clinic)", "Una Kay (Jackie)", "Robert A. Silverman (Man in Hospital)", "Riva Spier (Cecile)", "Ronald Mlodzik (Male patient)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hydrophobic Induced Phallic Destroyer.\r\n\r\nRabid is written and directed by David Cronenberg and it stars Marilyn Chambers, Frank Moore and Joe Silver. Cinematography is by Rene Verzier and music by Ivan Reitman.\r\n\r\nWhen Rose (Chambers) is involved in a horror motorcycle accident, she undertakes experimental surgery in order to save her life. However, she develops a taste for blood and has grown a deadly orifice under her armpit. As the victims stack up and Rose grows ever more insane, the city is put on red alert.\r\n\r\nDavid Cronenberg\u2019s second full-length film continues the themes found in his smart debut Shivers from the previous year. Body horror and disease come to the fore but Cronenberg expands it out from the confines of one building, into a whole city! Once again operating with a small budget with great results, the director fills out the narrative with sweaty virus panic, intelligent barbs, addiction concerns and visceral nastiness, with the phallic destroyer under Rose\u2019s arm a frighteningly bonkers creation. True to the director\u2019s career peccadilloes, sex and violence also come under the microscope, while his camera work shows an inventiveness that off-sets the poor effects work. The city is suitably painted as dowdy so as to run concurrent with the diseased narrative, and porn star Chambers gives a very effective performance while others are merely adequate.\r\n\r\nA simple story and periods of sag and drag stop it being top of the line Cronenberg, but there\u2019s a raw energy to Rabid that is most striking. Watching it now as it heads towards being four decades old, it signals with intent a career being born of a most skilled auteur. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27429, 28942, 9538, 9540], "youtube_key": "aUNQmTiiLs8"}