{"tmdb_id": 294795, "title": "La 9\u00e8me vie de Louis Drax", "original_title": "The 9th Life of Louis Drax", "slug_title": "la-9eme-vie-de-louis-drax", "date": "2016-09-01", "genre": "Fantastique / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Le jour de son neuvi\u00e8me anniversaire, Louis Drax fr\u00f4le la mort dans un accident. Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 connaitre les circonstances, le docteur Allan Pascal plonge dans une enqu\u00eate qui va l'amener aux fronti\u00e8res du r\u00e9el et du fantastique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l2EJszq2JGn2JU0FZUxlz2FmLQE.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Dornan (Dr. Allan Pascal)", "Sarah Gadon (Natalie Drax)", "Aaron Paul (Peter Drax)", "Molly Parker (Dalton)", "Aiden Longworth (Louis Drax)", "Oliver Platt (Dr. Perez)", "Barbara Hershey (Violet Drax)", "Julian Wadham (Dr. Janek)", "Jane McGregor (Sophie)", "Fiona Vroom (Receptionist)", "Terry Chen (Elliott)", "Anjali Jay (Macy)", "Lina Roessler (Caitlin)", "Luke Camilleri (Alex)", "Alex Zahara (Eduardo Navarra)", "Beckham Skodje (Louis (Age 2))", "Anthony Shudra (Milo)", "Nels Lennarson (Morgue Technician)", "Michael Adamthwaite (Doctor (C-Section))", "Iris Paluly (Psych Patient #1)", "David Lloydy (Psych Patient #2)", "Justin Bowe (Jack)", "Sarah-Jane Redmond (Helen)", "Adam Abrams (X-Ray Doctor)", "Alex Zahara (Navarra)", "Goldie Hoffman (ER Nurse)", "Randi Lynne (ER Nurse)", "John Hainsworth (ER Patient)", "Spencer Drever (Bully Kid (uncredited))", "Dakota Guppy (Young Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The curious deathtraps of Louis Drax.**\r\n\r\nThis is not what the director is famous for. But still the suspense keeps us hoping for the turnaround at any time. The film was based on the book of the same name. With a decent cast and production, the film somewhat achieved its goal. The screenplay was not that bad, but the contents lacked. Even though it is a mystery theme, you would predict a few things. Not everybody does that, but I did, I figured it out the puzzle at a certain stage of the narration, before it disclosed at the crucial part.\r\n\r\nIt's about a boy in the title name. He has survived many times from the death since he was in foetus. But it seems for the 9th time he was out of the luck. It was not yet game over for him, because he's now in the coma fighting between the life and death. Meanwhile, his recent past was revealed and her mother starts to get close to the doctor who treating him. From all, the biggest suspense is what made him to end in this condition and when the film reaches the final stage, everything comes out with a twist.\r\n\r\nIt's certainly a watchable film, but the quality of preserving the secret was not up to the par what a normal viewer expects from this kind of storyline. The suitable atmosphere was created, and so the characters. With a decent runtime and its pace, pretty much an okay film, but somewhat, something is not quite well in it. From the direction to the actors, they all very dedicated for to their parts. Thematically, I loved it, yet it should have been more eventful, I mean more story and more developments. Overall, not a must see film, but once.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [301372, 373476, 305943, 375082]}