{"tmdb_id": 294876, "title": "CHRISTMAS RIDE", "original_title": "CHRISTMAS RIDE", "slug_title": "christmas-ride", "date": "2014-09-19", "genre": ["Drame / Familial"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "After hearing a frightening supernatural warning, Keri, a young mother, takes an urgent road trip south during the Christmas holidays with her two kids and a mysterious neighbor haunted by ghosts from his past. Road anxiety and a veteran's Post Traumatic Stress Disorder collide. Keri faces dangerous situations and ultimately learns a heartbreaking truth which tests the limits of forgiveness.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/846JM8FS6NXz7nWmwieY57wBJhY.jpg", "actors": ["Brittney Ham (Keri Rothberg)", "H.T. Altman (Kevin Williamson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Karen Francis", "content": "\"CHRISTMAS RIDE\" A GREAT MOVIE ANY TIME \r\n\r\nCHRISTMAS RIDE takes the viewer on a journey reaching beyond its plot line.  First, it beguiles with fresh faces and a surface simplicity one might expect from an independent production birthed in Tennessee.  Second, it charms with more twists and turns than a bumpy Southern country backroad.  Third,  it pulls out all stops and hits one into the bleachers with its mix of ever-so-human, humor and heartbreak.   \r\n\r\nThis feature film is rated PG by the Motion Picture Association of America.  The Dove Foundation gave it the highly coveted Faith and Family Seals, Ages 12+.   If the National Department of Transportation awarded films for motivating safer driving habits, this movie \r\nwould be a sure thing for top honors.  \r\n\r\nThe film resonates with the tragedy of loved ones loss to reckless driving and war.   We face truth and consequences, buckled up right along with the main characters.   On another level, we witness the challenges to faith such devastating horrors evoke.     \r\n\r\nThe movie turns the clock back twenty-five years ago, when ubiquitous cell phones were barely on the drawing board.   But single parenting was already a reality.  A parent could talk to teens for hours about the importance of look before you leap, or the consequences of irresponsible behavior, and not make the point half as well as this movie does.   Yet, thankfully, the movie includes some unexpected fun moments.  \r\n\r\nWith multi generational appeal, CHRISTMAS RIDE steers clear of the commercial, sugary sweet side of Christmas.  It tells a true story of supernatural intervention in everyday lives.  \r\n\r\nThe 108 minute movie is ready in a 2K Digital Cinema Print format for cinemas.  It successfully screened during the trials in Los Angeles County and became an Academy Award Qualified film.  \r\n\r\nInformation about the talented stars and music in CHRISTMAS RIDE is on IMDb.com and artprofilms.com.  Additional information is on facebook.com/ChristmasRi\u2026, christmasride.wordpress.\u2026,  christianfilmdatabase.co\u2026 \r\nwith trailers on youtube.com/blessings427.   \r\n\r\nThe script and film is produced by Memphian Karen Francis, Art Promotions, with cooperation of Yarbrough Media Productions of Covington, TN.  \r\n\r\nMiracles, madness and the power of God's love in this life really does make CHRISTMAS RIDE, a road trip to remember!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "ki572gdKG6o"}