{"tmdb_id": 295421, "title": "Scooby-Doo! Et Les Zombies", "original_title": "Scooby Doo and The Zombies", "slug_title": "scooby-doo-et-les-zombies", "date": "2011-08-30", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Familial / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Scooby-Doo! and the Zombies is a DVD compilation of 3 zombie-themed episodes from What's New, Scooby-Doo?. It was released by Warner Home Video on August 30, 2011.  Episode 1 : Pompeii and Circumstance  Episode 2 : The San Franpsycho  Episode 3 : Fright House of a Lighthouse  Smile and say \"ciao!\"! The phantom-busters travel to Italy in Pompeii and Circumstance. With a colossal mystery to solve, will our friends be ghoulish gladiator goners, or will their love for Italian art and Scooby Snax save them? Then it's off to the City by the Bay for the Grind Games in The San Franpsycho, where a seaweed-sprouting ghoul from Alcatraz prison cares competing skateboarders to the core. If they don't find the creep behind the Legend of the Creepy Keeper, it'll be lights out in Fright House of a Lighthouse. Who's scared of zombies? Not Scooby-Doo!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cjiD0bWEdoKXWbkKZ0nk978A9AL.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Welker (Scooby Doo / Fred Jones (archive footage))", "Casey Kasem (Shaggy Rogers(archive footage))", "Mindy Cohn (Velma Dinkley (archive footage))", "Grey DeLisle (Daphne Blake (archive footage))", "Mark Hamill (Barge Captain Guzman / Emperor Caesar Saladicus (archive footage))", "Daran Norris (Ugo DiRinaldi / Shopkeeper / Zombie (archive footage))", "Tara Strong (Alexandra Viggi (archive footage))", "Nika Futterman (Rutie Banez (archive footage))", "Kevin McDonald (Julian Libris (archive footage))", "Pat Fraley (Uncle Karl (archive footage))", "Dee Bradley Baker (Crusty McPeet / creepy Keeper (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}