{"tmdb_id": 295592, "title": "Au Royaume des singes", "original_title": "Monkey Kingdom", "slug_title": "au-royaume-des-singes", "date": "2015-04-17", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Les r\u00e9alisateurs de Chimpanz\u00e9s nous entra\u00eenent cette fois dans les ruines d'un ancien temple en Asie du Sud o\u00f9 vivent les Macaques \u00e0 toque, une esp\u00e8ce de singes ayant une hi\u00e9rarchie sociale des plus strictes. La vie peut s'av\u00e9rer belle, la nourriture abondante et la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 assur\u00e9e si tant est que l'on soit n\u00e9 au plus haut de l'\u00e9chelle sociale. Mais pour ce nouveau-n\u00e9 et sa m\u00e8re, la lutte est quotidienne. Il leur faudra beaucoup d'ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9, de travail et un peu de chance pour esp\u00e9rer changer leur place dans le monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fW6ZkaQocPDB2ugpTQYmkQePIks.jpg", "actors": ["Tina Fey (Narratrice)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Every species has their own kingdom and the ruler.\r\n\r\nI thought it was going to set in India and a version of 'Monkey Thieves'. I don't recall it from the trailer I saw 18 moths ago. It's good, because Subcontinent does not mean India only. And I also thought it was about the commonly known in Asia, the Rhesus variety. So this story takes place in the Sri Lankan deep jungle of Polonnaruwa. About a small Toque Macaque kingdom established many generations ago in the rock castle surrounded by the ruined ancient temple.\r\n\r\nDirected by the 'Chimpanzee' filmmakers, yet another stunningly presented primate genus creature that's specifically made for the little children like all the previous Disney Nature films. Narrated by Tina Fey, in many ways I find much better than John C. Reilly for the 'Bears'. I said that because I am an adult male and I found her voice was sexy, especially the dialogue deliverance. Something like when the film characters funnily talk (the human assumption in the human language) to each other to excite our kids and to be a family friendly film.\r\n\r\nThe story follows the young female monkey called Maya. Like the majority of the colony she's a low-born, a lower ranked member under the Raja's rule, the alpha male and three royal sisters. Just like any human character films, this too has all the varieties like romance, drama, emotions, wars, survival, a life journey to rediscover and ultimately a revenge. All the above, the rise of the young generation, taking over from once a supreme leader.\r\n\r\n> \"Together, on the edge of their territory,\r\n> they wash away the city and relish the jungle around them.\"\r\n\r\nWhatever we saw in the film is not what exactly happened, because we can't understand their language and behaviours. But mostly translated and re-adjusting their acts to our understandable terminology. Somewhat it worked, mainly because it rated General. But in reality, it is always a harsh and dangerous environment in the animal world. Because rules are meant to be broken and challenged if you are strong enough to take the opposition. Physical strength is the most essential in the jungle to survive.\r\n\r\nThere will be no trials for the crimes, only on-spot punishment or you can expel yourself to avoid it and flee the spot. Only the film crew knows the truth and all these I meant to be for grownups. Because the raw and uncut animal documentaries we see on television hurts us in a way, if you are a light-hearted, especially to know how the food chain works and rivalry within the same species.\r\n\r\nAs for the kids, it was a finest documentary, very inspiring and knowledgeable. I learnt that monkeys can swim, not on the water surface, but dives to the deep into the bed. So far I am thorough with Disney Nature's production and distribution filmography and now I am eagerly waiting for the release of 'Born in China'. Because I haven't seen documentary films about Pandas, so it will going to be a very exciting one for sure. And another reason to celebrate is that the 'Kung Fu Panda 3' coming out around the same time. So mark these dates and reserve the days fellows, especially for the sake of your kids.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [81462, 240801, 77821, 268159], "youtube_key": "xasvQYdvSD0"}