{"tmdb_id": 295699, "title": "Everybody Wants Some!!", "original_title": "Everybody Wants Some!!", "slug_title": "everybody-wants-some", "date": "2016-03-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Suivez les p\u00e9rip\u00e9ties d\u2019un groupe d\u2019amis qui d\u00e9couvre les libert\u00e9s et les responsabilit\u00e9s de l\u2019\u00e2ge adulte. Et soyez pr\u00eats \u00e0 passer le meilleur week-end de votre vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mIpd0rGxruvxCnMSmh4gd8wuhmv.jpg", "actors": ["Blake Jenner (Jake Bradford)", "Zoey Deutch (Beverly)", "Ryan Guzman (Kenny Roper)", "Tyler Hoechlin (Glen McReynolds)", "J. Quinton Johnson (Dale Douglas)", "Glen Powell (Finnegan)", "Wyatt Russell (Charlie Willoughby)", "Will Brittain (Billy 'Beuter' Autrey)", "Austin Amelio (Nesbit)", "Temple Baker (Tyrone Plummer)", "Tanner Kalina (Alex Brumley)", "Juston Street (Jay Niles)", "Forrest Vickery (Coma)", "Jonathan Breck (Coach Gordon)", "Dora Madison (Val)", "Celina Chapin (Angie)", "Shailaun Manning (Elaine (as Shailaundra Manning))", "Lynden Orr (Suzi)", "Zoey Brooks (Cathy)", "Asjha Cooper (Sharon)", "Olivia Griswald (Leeann)", "Anna Vanston (Michelle)", "Michael Monsour (Justin)", "Sophia Taylor Ali (Beverly's Roommate)", "Courtney Tailor (Sorority Girl #1)", "Taylor Ashley Murphy (Sorority Girl #2 (as Taylor Murphy))", "Christina Burdette (Cute Coed #1)", "Ernest James (Sound Machine Doorman)", "Jason Liebrecht (Sound Machine Manager (as E. Jason Liebrecht))", "Justin Alexio (Sound Machine Bartender)", "Laura Ritz (McReynolds Girl)", "Tess Cline (Country Girl #1)", "Adriene Mishler (Country Girl #2)", "Beau Smith (Guaranteed Wholesome DJ)", "Mike Wiebe (Punk Band Member #1)", "Fadi El-Assad (Punk Band Member #2)", "Ian Walling (Punk Band Member #3)", "Robert Marchant (Punk Band Member #4)", "Ian MacDougall (Punk Band Member #5)", "Jenna Saab (Mud Wrestlng Champ)", "Lauren Hale (Mud Wrestling Opponent)", "Kay Epperson (Wigwam Server)", "Tory Taranova (Debra Kadabra)", "Jessi Mechler (Astrology Girl)", "Katherine Sutton (Oz Party Girl)", "Blaire Clause (Oz Party Girl #2)", "Devin Bonn\u00e9e (The Mad Hatter)", "Kaleb King (The Queen Of Hearts)", "Charlie (Cat in Refridgerator)", "Deborah Alcorn (Car Driver / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Vanessa Amaya (Sound Machine Patron (uncredited))", "Matt Blackwell (Sound Machine Patron (uncredited))", "Sadie Brook (Sound Machine Patron (uncredited))", "Alyssa Bryer (Two Step Dancer (uncredited))", "Kyla Burke (Two Step Dancer (uncredited))", "Nicholas Cristian Clark (Oz Party Guest / College Student (uncredited))", "Julie Cude-Eaton (Townsperson (uncredited))", "Bonnie Gayle (College Student (uncredited))", "Chelsey Gentry (Sound Machine Patron / College Student (uncredited))", "Holly Jee (Punk (uncredited))", "Caitlyn Moore (Two-Step Dancer (uncredited))", "Alexandria Payne (College Student (uncredited))", "Lizzy Pop Muro (Disco Dancer / Sound Machine (uncredited))", "Cyndy Powell (Marge, the Lunch Room Lady (uncredited))", "Rene Rhi (Cowboy (uncredited))", "Cecilia L. Salinas (College Student / Sound Machine Patron (uncredited))", "Diane Selken (Parent (uncredited))", "Angela Simmons-Morgan (Cannibal Club Patron (uncredited))", "Paula Marcenaro Solinger (Twister Coed (uncredited))", "Stan Taylor (Driver (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A bit thick on the testosterone for my tastes, but still an undeniably well crafted movie.\r\n\r\nSure the characters and their tribulations might be a little bit surface-y, but it's still a tight script well shot and well acted that 100% captures the spirit of the era it is set in.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**On the verge to set a foot into the college, theirs wild side unleashed!**\r\n\r\nThis is like a lighter and smarter version of 'Animal House'. The story takes place in the mid 1980 and three days prior to the first day of the college. This film follows a freshman named Jake, who is a baseball pitcher, with his first encounter with his new teammates, as well as housemates. And then a beautiful girl who he befriends. So it's all about the girls, party, video games, dare games and what else, these young guys make their footprint before the college opens. A very satisfying film, all the comedies are within the limits. I mean, usually American teen/student comedies are overwhelmed by adult jokes and mostly unrealistic. But this one seems real, yet cinematically very appealing to stick with it still the final scene.\r\n\r\nAll the actors were so good. Looks like it is the first film for most of them or I'm watching theirs. Many of them are going to be a big star in the future. Another excellent film by Richard Linklater and an awesome screenplay as well by him. According to him, it is a spiritual sequel to both his previous films 'Dazed and Confused' and 'Boyhood'. I've seen one, I'm going to check it out the other one very soon. Because I'm kind of started to like this filmmaker and his signature.\r\n\r\nI was very impressed by the way the scenes and characters developed. Like everything was simple and familiar, yet very fun to watch. You know, between the seniors and freshmen, it's not like the film promotes bullying, but an understandable compromise which brings smile among us. The 80s setting was so good, almost flawless. The opening scene freaked me out, and then the rest of the film was completely different. Without the big stars, this film was a box office disaster, but surely it will find its place in the coming years. So I suggest you to check it out this rare comedy.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [9571, 369557, 309245, 356298], "youtube_key": "1uQq3jQdIkk"}