{"tmdb_id": 295693, "title": "Baby Boss", "original_title": "The Boss Baby", "slug_title": "baby-boss", "date": "2017-03-23", "genre": ["Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Tim, \u00e2g\u00e9 de sept ans, jaloux de son petit fr\u00e8re est un b\u00e9b\u00e9 despotique et qui est en mal d'affection de la part de ses parents. Il va devoir d\u00e9jouer un complot destin\u00e9 \u00e0 briser l'\u00e9quilibre de l'amour dans le monde. Les deux fr\u00e8res vont alors devoir s'unir pour le d\u00e9jouer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/unPB1iyEeTBcKiLg8W083rlViFH.jpg", "actors": ["Alec Baldwin (Theodore Templeton (voice))", "Steve Buscemi (Francis E. Francis (voice))", "Miles Bakshi (Tim Templeton (voice))", "Jimmy Kimmel (Ted Templeton (voice))", "Lisa Kudrow (Janice Templeton (voice))", "Tobey Maguire (Narrator / Older Tim Templeton (voice))", "Conrad Vernon (Eugene Francis (voice))", "James McGrath (Wizzie / Elvis Impersonator (voice))", "David Soren (Jimbo (voice))", "Nina Zoe Bakshi (Tim's Daughter / Girl / Little Girl (voice) (as Nina Bakshi))", "Tom McGrath (TV Chef (voice))", "Walt Dohrn (Photographer (voice))", "James Ryan (Story Bear (voice))", "Eric Bell Jr. (Triplets (voice))", "ViviAnn Yee (Staci (voice))", "Edie Mirman (Big Boss Baby (voice))", "James Izzo (Elvis impersonator (voice))", "Chris Miller (Captain Ross (voice))", "Chloe Albrecht (Hazmat Baby (voice))", "Andrea Montana Knoll (Flight Attendant (voice) (as Andrea Knoll))", "Joseph Izzo (Elvis Impersonators (voice))", "Glenn Harmon (Airport Announcer (voice))", "Brian Hopkins (Airport Security Guard (voice))", "Jules Winter (Crying Boy / Little Boy / Boy (voice))", "Mario Arvizu (Theodore Lindsey \"Beb\u00e9 Templeton\")", "Kirk Baily (ADR Group (voice))", "Ryan Bartley (ADR Group (voice))", "Rachel Butera (ADR Group (voice))", "Robert Clotworthy (ADR Group (voice))", "David Cowgill (ADR Group (voice))", "Debi Derryberry (ADR Group (voice))", "Jessica DiCicco (ADR Group (voice))", "Nicholas Guest (ADR Group (voice))", "Bridget Hoffman (ADR Group (voice))", "Karen Huie (ADR Group (voice))", "Michelle Ruff (ADR Group (voice))", "Kelly Stables (ADR Group (voice))", "Steve Staley (ADR Group (voice))", "Tara Strong (ADR Group (voice))", "Audrey Wasilewski (ADR Group (voice))", "Shelby Young (ADR Group (voice))", "Lynnanne Zager (ADR Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The baby on a mission!**\r\n\r\nIf you ask anybody from the pre 90s, they would say their love for animated feature started with 'Toy Story'. But mine was DreamWorks' 'Antz'. So this production house might not be as good as Disney or Pixar, but still a better one than the rest of those who are in the same business, except Sony who comes equal. I wanted this film to be good, yeah, it is a box office hit, but not critically. The regular animated film goer accepted it. And I think as well, it is entertaining, so much fun in parts, if not the entire film.\r\n\r\nThe story of a boy whose happy life being an only child has taken away from his newborn little brother. Then one day he discovers the baby could speak and came to the house with a bigger plan. Knowing what it is and joining hands with him to tackle is what the remaining narration covers. Quite fun film. Animation, story and all the adventures were good. The voice-over was great. Alec Baldwin was awesome, but it's fair to praise the technicians, the animators.\r\n\r\nAt first, I thought some of the jokes were rude, if the film is for families, particularly for the kids. But when I watched the rest of the film, it did not look going anymore worse. A simple story and predictable, but it was enjoyable, that makes you forget yourself for a while. Despite the mixed response in acceptance, I've heard the sequel is on, in a couple of years. I think it is a good decision, even the storyline, how it ended encourages that. It's not going to be your favourite animated film, but surely not to be missed if you love animation.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [335797, 332210, 136799, 324852], "youtube_key": "Ud8j5GaqH3c"}