{"tmdb_id": 29589, "title": "Vert pour Danger", "original_title": "Green for Danger", "slug_title": "vert-pour-danger", "date": "1946-12-07", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Au milieu des raids a\u00e9riens nazis, un postier meurt sur la table d'op\u00e9ration dans un h\u00f4pital anglais rural. Mais \u00e9tait la mort accidentelle ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3HYrCn43MSzY6kButjffW5D7BTH.jpg", "actors": ["Leo Genn (Mr. Eden)", "Alastair Sim (Inspector Cockrill)", "Trevor Howard (Dr. Barnes)", "Sally Gray (Nurse Freddi Linley)", "Rosamund John (Nurse Esther Sanson)", "Judy Campbell (Sister Marion Bates)", "Megs Jenkins (Nurse Woods)", "Ronald Adam (Dr. White)", "George Woodbridge (Detective Sgt. Hendricks)", "John Rae (Porter)", "Henry Edwards (Mr. Purdy)", "Moore Marriott (Joseph Higgins)", "Frank Ling (Rescue Worker)", "Wendy Thompson (Sister Carter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In view of my failure - correction, comparative failure.\r\n\r\nInspector Cockrill (a brilliant Alastair Sim) investigates a weird double murder that has taken place in a British WWII emergency hospital.\r\n\r\nSadly this seems to be a largely overlooked British film, brought to us from the excellent Gilliat & Launder teaming, Green For Danger is as good a British mystery that was ever made. Boasting the acting talents of Alastair Sim, Trevor Howard, Sally Gray, Leo Genn and Rosamund John, this adaptation of the Christianna Brand novel feels like an Agatha Christie staple. Twisty and deep with whodunit shenanigans, it plays out to its finale with a seamless sense of joy. Everyone involved appears to be enjoying themselves and this only heightens the warmth that oozes out from the screen. The scripting is simple and light, and the direction as tight as one could hope for.\r\n\r\nHugely enjoyable piece that puts the Great into Great Britain. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36332, 29106, 81741, 42062], "youtube_key": "notfound"}