{"tmdb_id": 295964, "title": "\u00c0 Vif !", "original_title": "Burnt", "slug_title": "a-vif", "date": "2015-10-02", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Plus qu\u2019un grand chef, Adam Jones est une rock star de la cuisine, couronn\u00e9e par deux \u00e9toiles au guide Michelin. Gris\u00e9 par le succ\u00e8s, arrogant et capricieux, l\u2019enfant terrible de la sc\u00e8ne gastronomique parisienne sombre dans l\u2019alcool et la drogue.  Quelques ann\u00e9es plus tard, il a retrouv\u00e9 la voie de la sobri\u00e9t\u00e9. Entour\u00e9 de jeunes commis et chefs de parties, il relance un restaurant londonien, d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 obtenir le graal de la gastronomie : une troisi\u00e8me \u00e9toile.  Hant\u00e9 par les fant\u00f4mes du pass\u00e9, le chemin de la r\u00e9demption s\u2019annonce plus \u00e2pre que pr\u00e9vu : il ne lui reste plus qu\u2019une seule chance pour devenir une l\u00e9gende\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nF7OxU8DyzmIy5jH6w26Jmavofh.jpg", "actors": ["Bradley Cooper (Adam Jones)", "Sienna Miller (Helene)", "Daniel Br\u00fchl (Tony)", "Omar Sy (Michel)", "Lily James (Sara)", "Alicia Vikander (Anne Marie)", "Uma Thurman (Simone)", "Emma Thompson (Dr. Rosshilde)", "Matthew Rhys (Reece)", "Sarah Greene (Kaitlin)", "Sam Keeley (David)", "Chelsea Li (Bar-Goer)", "Riccardo Scamarcio (Max)", "Christopher Heskey (Conducteur)", "Henry Goodman (Conti)", "Stephen Campbell Moore (Jack)", "Lexie Benbow-Hart (Lily)", "Bo Bene (Yana)", "Elisa Lasowski (Denitzi)", "Julian Firth (Langham Maitre'd)", "John Macdonald (French Heavy #1)", "Raphael Acloque (French Heavy #2)", "Richard Rankin (Reece Waiter)", "Martin Trenaman (Emile)", "Jody Halse (Electrician)", "Erica Emm (Julia - MP Wife)", "Charlotte Hawkins (TV Presenter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It is not perfect, but delicious.\r\n\r\nMovies about foods and chefs are quite popular since the beginning of the cinema. Not only among the food lovers, but the movie fans, critics as well common people decides to book a table at a nearby best restaurant after watching a delicious film like this. At least one movie in every year makes us to talk about the foods for that entire week. Like the Jon Favreau's last year's 'Chef', this is 2015's.\r\n\r\nOn this theme, movies are always quite similar, except subplots like family, friends and sometimes foods from the different part of the earth as well. This film was not that brilliant when it comes to innovation in the story. The same old chef who comes back strongly after losing everything to get a another star. So what makes this special is that the actors, everyone was awesome. Even in smaller parts, especially the lead one Bradley Cooper makes all the difference.\r\n\r\nThere was a twist, but it does not make us say wow. Definitely it was a bit fun, filled with some dark humours. The slow, dull storytelling was almost like a soulless product, but anyway, kind of it worked well due to the style of film setting that created to narrate it. Feels like in the many scenes, characters were intensely dragged in like the cameos, otherwise it would have been very plain. Overall, it's not a best food/chef movie I've ever seen, but very much watchable and enjoyable.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [257211, 274479, 222936, 321741], "youtube_key": "QsyzkkI_g14"}