{"tmdb_id": 295990, "title": "Comedian", "original_title": "Komiker", "slug_title": "comedian", "date": "2000-03-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Roni Beck is a man whose only thought in life is to become a professional comedian, but who due to his lack of success must live hidden in his mother's appartment in an old people's home, continuing to believe firmly that his day in the limelight will come. One day Serge Gr\u00e4tzer, the director of the old people's home, discovers Roni, and makes him help out with the work. Serge then decides to take a hand in Roni's career, embezzling money to launch the budding comedian. Once again however success eludes Roni. In the end Serge decides to fulfil his own secret longings to be on the stage. This leads to a row between the two men. Despite a reconciliation, they never again appear together on the stage. And when Serge's embezzlement is discovered he has to flee with the police at his heels and the home has to be closes. In the end, Roni persuades Mr. Klein, an eccentric old man who likes to play the stock market, to save the home with the millions he has stashed away.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eiFp5UIh9MBnWzgUscl7qGS5sfm.jpg", "actors": ["Beat Schlatter (Roni Beck)", "Patrick Frey (Serge)", "Walo L\u00fc\u00f6nd (Alois Bissinger)", "Pinkas Braun (Max)", "Fritz Lichtenhahn (Andr\u00e9 Klein)", "Brigitte Beyeler (Gerda)", "Mathias Gn\u00e4dinger (Stephan Ernst)", "Stephanie Glaser (Mutter Beck)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}