{"tmdb_id": 296250, "title": "When I Want to Cry, I Don't", "original_title": "Cuando Quiero Llorar no Lloro", "slug_title": "when-i-want-to-cry-i-don-t", "date": "1973-07-04", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "In Venezuela, one day in 1948 there were born three children all named Victorino: P\u00e9rez, mulatto and son of the poor Luc\u00eda; Perdomo, son of a middle-class communist who gets arrested; and bourgeois Peralta. On the day of his eighteenth birthday P\u00e9rez escapes from prison using lather pretending it to be a rage attack. Peralta shows a friend of his a car he got from his parents. A young lady gives herself to Perdomo as a birthday present. P\u00e9rez finds his mistress with another man and wounds her. P\u00e9rez and a few others rob an old man while riding on their motorcycles. Perdomo and a bunch of bushwhackers plan to rob a bank. P\u00e9rez sees a friend of his smoking pot while Peralta visits a cousin of his and has sex with her. Perdomo\u2019s father, recently elected a communist representative wants to talk him out of his violent ways. P\u00e9rez sleeps with three girls and remembers how he once killed a man in the middle of a robbery. Peralta and his friends shoot dogs just for fun. Perdomo and his pals\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/enx0joDFyiulaCo8askWJeVsJmb.jpg", "actors": ["Orlando Urdaneta (Victorino P\u00e9rez)", "Valent\u00edn Trujillo (Victorino Peralta)", "Pedro Laya (Victorino Perdomo)", "Hayd\u00e9e Balza ()", "Ver\u00f3nica Castro ()", "Miguelangel Landa ()", "Rafael Brice\u00f1o ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}