{"tmdb_id": 296360, "title": "Love & Friendship", "original_title": "Love & Friendship", "slug_title": "love-friendship", "date": "2016-05-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Angleterre, fin du XVIIIe si\u00e8cle : Lady Susan Vernon est une jeune veuve dont la beaut\u00e9 et le pouvoir de s\u00e9duction font fr\u00e9mir la haute soci\u00e9t\u00e9. Sa r\u00e9putation et sa situation financi\u00e8re se d\u00e9gradant, elle se met en qu\u00eate de riches \u00e9poux, pour elle et sa fille adolescente. \u00c9paul\u00e9e dans ses intrigues par sa meilleure amie Alicia, une Am\u00e9ricaine en exil, Lady Susan Vernon devra d\u00e9ployer des tr\u00e9sors d'ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9 et de duplicit\u00e9 pour parvenir \u00e0 ses fins, en m\u00e9nageant deux pr\u00e9tendants : le charmant Reginald et Sir James Martin, un aristocrate fortun\u00e9 mais prodigieusement stupide\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v1Vrrmh8CH9waRdwbRRZqKy8Jr5.jpg", "actors": ["Kate Beckinsale (Lady Susan Vernon)", "Xavier Samuel (Reginald DeCourcy)", "Morfydd Clark (Frederica Vernon)", "Emma Greenwell (Catherine DeCourcy Vernon)", "Tom Bennett (Sir James Martin)", "James Fleet (Sir Reginald DeCourcy)", "Jemma Redgrave (Lady DeCourcy)", "Justin Edwards (Charles Vernon)", "Stephen Fry (Mr. Johnson)", "Chlo\u00eb Sevigny (Alicia Johnson)", "Jenn Murray (Lady Lucy Manwaring)", "Lochlann O'Mear\u00e1in (Lord Manwaring)", "Sophie Radermacher (Miss Maria Manwaring)", "Jordan Waller (Edward, Head Footman)", "Ross Mac Mahon (Owen)", "Frank Prendergast (Approaching Gentleman)", "Kelly Campbell (Mrs. Cross)", "Conor Lambert (Wilson the Butler)", "Conor MacNeill (The Young Curate)", "Frank Melia (Coachman)", "Sylvie Benoiton (Vernon Child)", "Daniel Magee (Vernon Child)", "Rowan Finken (Footman at Churchill)", "Dave Timbs (Footman at Churchill)", "Laura Whelan (Maid at Churchill)", "James Crerar (Footman at Churchill)", "John Brennan (Footman at Edward Street)", "Olivia Fahy (Maid at Edward Street)", "Ellie Houlihan (Maid at Edward Street)", "Carla McGlynn (Maid at Upper Seymour Street)", "Darragh O'Connor (Stable Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A mother's quest to find a perfect man for her beloved daughter!**\r\n\r\nI am not the audience for it and I realised that only after watching it. There's no other way, besides, I like Kate Beckinsale a lot and don't want to miss it out. I like periodic drama, those colorful costumes, horse riding, proper English and the culture, all of them very interests me. Particularly Jane Austen's work, I don't think anybody would miss it if they know her masterworks.\r\n\r\nBut my issue was the presentation. It looked a lot like a stage drama than a motion picture, anyway all the Jane Austen work is like that only. I'm not doubting the actors, in fact, not just my beauty queen Kate Beckinsale, all of them were good. Also thought the story was good which I felt kind of similar to 'Emma' by the same author, yet I'm disappointed with the way it was narrated for the screen.\r\n\r\nI know some people liked it, and my choice of words may annoy them, but I don't want to offend them or the film, just wanted to say what I felt, that's all. My bad luck, the film was not what I wanted. Slow film, but the length was good enough to forget any lags in the pace. Other than one thing what I said bothered me the most, this is a nice film, definitely not bad to watch it once. I said that believing you might be different than me. So that is an indirect suggest, but if you are another me, I'll favour you to skip it. Anyway, many would watch it by the time go on and going give their's the good, the bad and the ugly opinions and nobody can stop it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [250734, 312669, 16980, 157827], "youtube_key": "wrKRrnNif90"}