{"tmdb_id": 296313, "title": "Men & Chicken", "original_title": "M\u00e6nd & h\u00f8ns", "slug_title": "men-chicken", "date": "2015-02-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "A la mort de leur p\u00e8re, Elias et Gabriel d\u00e9couvrent qu\u2019ils ont \u00e9t\u00e9 adopt\u00e9s et que leur p\u00e8re biologique, Evelio Thanatos, est un g\u00e9n\u00e9ticien qui travaille dans le plus grand secret sur une \u00eele myst\u00e9rieuse. Malgr\u00e9 leur relation houleuse, ils d\u00e9cident de partir ensemble \u00e0 sa rencontre. Arriv\u00e9s sur cette \u00eele \u00e9loign\u00e9e de la civilisation, ils vont d\u00e9couvrir une fratrie \u00e9trange et des origines inqui\u00e9tantes. Il devient \u00e9vident que, d\u00e9cid\u00e9ment, on ne choisit pas sa famille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wHCTT91qbF5eChmJuyTYO2sPouP.jpg", "actors": ["Mads Mikkelsen (Elias)", "Nikolaj Lie Kaas (Gregor)", "David Dencik (Gabriel)", "Nicolas Bro (Josef)", "S\u00f8ren Malling (Franz)", "Ole Thestrup (Flemming)", "Kirsten Lehfeldt (Doctor Abbot)", "Bodil J\u00f8rgensen (Ellen)", "Lisbet Dahl (Susan)", "Birthe Neumann (Inger Lis)", "Rikke Louise Andersson (Sara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Two brothers and their quest to find the truth.**\r\n\r\nA strange Danish film. It was a lot like the Danish version of 'The Addams Family'. Written and directed by a screenwriter for the notable films in different languages. This is the story of two brothers who embark a journey to a remote island after their father died. Because they learn they were adopted, so they go to look for their biological parents. They end up in a strange house with the strange people, but realise how they are related to each other. So the remaining part focused on the mysteries surrounding the house. When those things come out, the narration reaches its peak and brings the end.\r\n\r\nI think the title should have been 'Men & Animals'. If you watch the film you will know the reason, particularly after the final twist. As I had observed, many people liked it, but to me it was average. The idea seems very good, but the style was missing. Too ordinary presentation. If the approach was atypical like I said 'The Addams Family', it would have gained more popularity internationally.\r\n\r\nThe actors were good, shoot in the good places. Among all, Nikolaj was the familiar face. This is not your usual film, yet not for everyone. Maybe if you know the language, you might enjoy it better. The subtitle translated comedies are not that effective. Feels like I want to like it, since it was tagged as a comedy I did not get many laughs. So I won't stop you if you want to try it, but only tell you to be careful while choosing it, regarding what you are expecting from it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [211005, 15830, 15776, 41990]}