{"tmdb_id": 296523, "title": "Man Down", "original_title": "Man Down", "slug_title": "man-down", "date": "2016-12-02", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de la guerre d'Afghanistan essaie de retrouver sa famille dans une Am\u00e9rique post-apocalyptique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xX13pMLcnSun6CqbOpKcVmkr335.jpg", "actors": ["Shia LaBeouf (Gabriel Drummer)", "Jai Courtney (Devin Roberts)", "Gary Oldman (Captain Peyton)", "Kate Mara (Natalie Drummer)", "Tory Kittles (Sergeant Miller)", "Clifton Collins Jr. (Charles)", "Charlie Shotwell (Johnathan Drummer)", "Jose Pablo Cantillo (Taylor)", "Justin Smith (Stanton)", "Paul Sado (Spori)", "Pierre Kennel (Officer Walnum)", "Ned Yousef (Officer Osiris)", "Jaylen Moore (Captain Perez)", "Nick Jones Jr. (Sergeant Moore)", "Wol\u00e9 Parks (Chance)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The life of a homecoming soldier!**\r\n\r\nI saw it a couple of days ago, but now I'm thinking does it deserve what I've rated. I mean I have rated it average, but I think I've overrated it. Some films impacts me the days going by since its watch, this is not one of those. It was exactly like the opposite. The cast looked good. Even the screenplay, only when each layer separated according to random timeline. Together, it is a mess. It was confusing at the beginning to the first three quarters of the tale. But once the twist came in, not what I was expected.\r\n\r\nThe story of US army man who served in Afghanistan, now returned home after a disaster in the mission. Coping with the consequences, he's not the same man as before he left the home for his national duty. With narration keep changing its timeline, at one point in the final quarter, all are tied together. And ends the story before explaining the events for us.\r\n\r\nThe actors were good, but it was the storyline that did not stand and deliver. Especially the editing that layered out multiple events. That created curiosity, though the solution was weaker. Or most of the viewers would guess that earlier self. Some people might like it, but surely majority won't. I don't know what should have been done to make it better. But I did not enjoy it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [278348, 477201, 381008, 551554], "youtube_key": "7-910So8UWM"}