{"tmdb_id": 296503, "title": "Dude Bro Party Massacre III", "original_title": "Dude Bro Party Massacre III", "slug_title": "dude-bro-party-massacre-iii", "date": "2015-06-13", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "In the wake of two back-to-back mass murders on Chico's frat row, loner Brent Chirino must infiltrate the ranks of a popular fraternity to investigate his twin brother's murder at the hands of the serial killer known as \"Motherface.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9fwnwlrjeOGRYLM82YjaMb35uM2.jpg", "actors": ["Alec Owen (Brock/Brent)", "Patton Oswalt (Chief)", "Paul Prado (Turbeaux)", "Olivia Taylor Dudley (Motherface)", "Nina Hartley (Dean Pepperstone)", "Greg Sestero (Derek)", "Ben Gigli (Samzy)", "Joey Scoma (Todd)", "Kelsey Gunn (Samantha)", "Brian Firenzi (Officer Sminkle)", "Maria Del Carmen (Candace Buttiker)", "Mike James (Z.Q.)", "Jimmy Wong (Sizzler)", "Michael Rousselet (Spike)", "Nick Kocher (Flannel Bro)", "Brian McElhaney (Turtleneck Bro)", "Andrew W.K. (Rip Stick)", "Larry King (Coach Handsey)", "Tomm Jacobsen (Dolphman)", "Erik Sandoval (Road Doggie)", "Chelsea St. John (C-Trunk)", "Christiann Castellanos (Lady #1)", "Skyler Rousselet (Cindy)", "Maura Murphy (Hot Chick)", "Logan Olson (Manscaping Bro)", "Rocky Collins (Party Bro)", "Jon Worley (Scooter)", "Matt Hargreaves (Asian Bro)", "Ian Ahern (Drunk Bro)", "Laura Cebrick (Tri Beta Streakers)", "Ela Darling (Tri Beta Streakers)", "Becktoria (Tri Beta Streakers)", "John Francis Daley (Ernest)", "Suziey Block (Tri Beta Streakers)", "Katie Johnson (Becky)", "Jon Brence (Jimmy Galoshes)", "Andrew Schulz (Little Spoon)", "Desmond Dolly (Timmy Birdstone)", "Benji Dolly (Tommy Birdstone)", "Thomas Ridgewell (Chaz Noodlemen)", "Timothy Ciancio (Tito the Weed Dealer)", "Katie Matthews (Tri Beta Girl)", "Clayton LaDue (Randall)", "Rachel Ann Mullins (Frizzy)", "Jessee Foudray (Chico Cop #1)", "Lily Cade (Tri Beta Streaker)", "Dan O'Brien (Driver)", "Katy Stoll (Female Morning Show Anchor)", "Soren Bowie (Male Morning Show Anchor)", "Daniel O'Brien (Driver)", "Robert Daniel Sloan (Pizza Child 1)", "Dartanian Sloan (Child)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jeremiah", "content": "Another Dudes' Night movie, this was my pick though I'd never seen it before...\r\n\r\nThis was pretty much exactly what I thought it'd be: way more comedy than horror and whooo boy is the comedy bad in such a ridiculously great way. Note: there is no part 1 or 2 to this \"series\" though those movies are recapped in the beginning of this movie. And that is part of the joke that is this movie. It's played as if its a once lost VCR tape of a \"Midnight Morning Movie\" played on late night TV in the 80s. There's even a few commercial breaks when whoever \"recorded\" the show forgot to stop recording during the break... (PIZZA GOBLIN!!! Cheddar goblin?)\r\n\r\nI really liked this one. Looking through the cast/crew it looks like this was a first effort for most which is pretty surprising, especially given some of the cameos. I'm really looking forward to whatever they come up with next.\r\n\r\nNote though that this was really hit or miss with our group. Most of us either thought it was okay or really liked it but I know at least one guy hated it (his opinion: too dumb, too long). Most of us laughed though. A lot."}], "recommandations_id": [229273, 404713, 29926, 99831], "youtube_key": "vMKMXGozst0"}