{"tmdb_id": 296865, "title": "Un monstre \u00e0 mille t\u00eates", "original_title": "Un monstruo de mil cabezas", "slug_title": "un-monstre-a-mille-tetes", "date": "2016-03-30", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Dans une tentative d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9e d\u2019obtenir le traitement qui pourrait sauver la vie de son mari, Sonia Bonet part en lutte contre sa compagnie d\u2019assurance aussi n\u00e9gligente que corrompue. Elle et son fils se retrouvent alors pris dans une vertigineuse spirale de violence. Un animal bless\u00e9 ne pleure pas, il mord.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pyFDdTUOUhXG1EELTDuhNy9Vlxr.jpg", "actors": ["Veronica Falc\u00f3n (Lorena Morgan)", "Jana Raluy ()", "Sebasti\u00e1n Aguirre ()", "Emilio Echevarr\u00eda ()", "Hugo Albores ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A bold attempt to fight the flawed system.**\r\n\r\nA Mexican thriller-drama based on the novel of the same name. A theme about fighting a defect in the health insurance policy by an ordinary middle-class family. I had no idea of what this film is about, in the last minute I decided to watch, not even knowing about the storyline or its genre. But intrigued by its honest narration. The depiction in the film might not how in the real world happen, yet it uncovers what the desperate people can able to do if they were not treated fairly. You should not judge it by its cover, I mean its low rating and bad reviews. It is a much better film with a message.\r\n\r\nThe film ran nearly 75 minutes, which is shorter than an average film length, but it revealed everything it wanted to tell the viewers in a bold attempt. One of the realistic films I have ever seen that dealt with the real world issue in an unconventional way. The story of a middle aged wife Sonia, whose husband is very ill and completely depending on the insurance to cover the bills, but the company refuses to pay. So her quest commence to convince them and when she realises it is complicated, in the desperation she takes an alternate route to handle the situation. The following events are unexpected, powerful, before emotionally concluding.\r\n\r\n\"Next time, we'll rob a bank, okay?\"\r\n\r\nIt is not about the corruption, but still fits in that category. In the end how you take it all matters. It started off like a slow drama, the developments were failed to impress me until the first 20 minutes. Surprised by the series of events came after that. The mother and son fighting the system their way when there was no option left, or maybe going through the legal proceeding might cost the time and life of the patient. They knew their position, and they did what have to be done at that point without thinking the consequence.\r\n\r\nIt is definitely an interesting take, the writer might have inspired by the real poor people's struggle to access the health insurance benefits, especially in the developing countries. So she added some extra contents to the screenplay (book) where the characters in the story can fight the bureaucracy and to make the story appeal its audience. The film was awesomely made, though there was no money making agenda behind it. The actors, particularly the one as Sonia was amazing, she could convince the viewers the character she played or the story are not fake. And then often, the gunfire sounds suddenly changes the environment in the film to pick up the pace like we do hit the refresh in our computer.\r\n\r\nThat one night event where most of the story takes place was looked some kind of undercover operation by the media. But the camera angles to cover the other side of some of the scenes were smart enough to pour in more interesting stuffs to us to stick with it. This film can't be watched for entertainment or to gain inspiration from unlawful act that shown in it, but it's set to deliver its own message. I don't think anybody would regret watching it, because it is short and sweet and the topic of the film is alone worth a watch. There are some full male nude scenes, but they were unintentional. Other than that it is a good film for everybody, especially for the grown ups I suggest.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [115020, 283706, 442236, 290544]}