{"tmdb_id": 29697, "title": "Faith Like Potatoes", "original_title": "Faith Like Potatoes", "slug_title": "faith-like-potatoes", "date": "2006-10-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Angus Buchan, un blanc zambien agriculteur d'origine \u00e9cossaise, \u00e9migre pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 l'agitation politique et des r\u00e9formes fonci\u00e8res inqui\u00e9tants, il regarde vers le sud pour une dur\u00e9e de vie de la p\u00e2te.  Enfin, sa femme le convainc d'assister \u00e0 une \u00e9glise locale, o\u00f9 le t\u00e9moignage religieux d'autres agriculteurs influencer sa d\u00e9cision de donner sa vie \u00e0 J\u00e9sus-Christ .  Sa vision prend un revirement complet, et surnaturels \u00e9v\u00e9nements commencent \u00e0 se produire lorsque Angus prie dans la foi. Buchan d\u00e9cide de planter des pommes de terre. scientifiques avaient averti les agriculteurs \u00e0 ne pas planter cette saison \u00e0 moins d'avoir l'irrigation. Croyant qu'il est conduit par le Seigneur, il plante des pommes de terre dans la poussi\u00e8re s\u00e8che.  Quand le temps de la moisson vient, il y a une culture de pommes de terre g\u00e9ants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qc59URCoFpOtvjoSPQdB6EOhJHo.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Rautenbach (Angus Buchan)", "Jeanne Neilson (Jill Buchan)", "Hamilton Dlamini (Simeon)", "Sean Cameron Michael (Fergus Buchan)", "Rochelle Buchan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Mundane South African biography about a struggling farmer who turns to God.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2006 and directed by Regardt van den Bergh, \"Faith like Potatoes\" is a drama based on the life of Angus Buchan in the late 70s who moved his family from the political unrest of Zambia to eastern South Africa to start a maize farm. Buchan (Frank Rautenbach) and his family/employees (Jeanne Neilson and Hamilton Dlamini) face many challenges in their new home as Angus eventually feels led by faith to grow potatoes despite a severe drought.  \r\n\r\nThe documentary-like tone is similar to other African autobiographies like \u201cI Dreamed of Africa\u201d (2000) and \u201cNowhere in Africa\u201d (2001), except with the added faith element. I\u2019ve never heard of Buchan, but he went on to become a fairly significant South African evangelist (with a TV show). The movie focuses on his humble beginnings, his eventual conversion to Christ and service thereof but, surprisingly, the faith element doesn\u2019t even come to the fore until about the halfway point, which is when the film finally gets interesting.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of which, being based on an autobiography, the story lacks the compelling drive of the typical three-act script in preference for real-life mundaneness. Those other two films had the same issue. Yet this can be refreshing in that the movie just shows the way it was without resorting to exaggeration like, say, Oliver Stone\u2019s \u201cThe Doors\u201d (1991), which opted for sensationalist (eye-rolling) mythmaking and contains utter fabrications. \r\n\r\nOf course critics argue that this movie ALSO conveys mythmaking fabrications and, furthermore, that the theology is contradictory and troublesome. Does it? Is it? I don\u2019t think so, but I\u2019m not going to explain because it would take too long and, besides, the answers are in the flick in a subdued way. Watch it, reflect on it and make your own call.                                     \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 56 minutes and was shot in South Africa. WRITERS: Angus Buchan (book) and Regardt van den Bergh (screenplay).  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [72213, 18925], "youtube_key": "vVE5-sd4IQA"}