{"tmdb_id": 29715, "title": "Major Dundee", "original_title": "Major Dundee", "slug_title": "major-dundee", "date": "1965-04-07", "genre": ["Guerre / Western"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Durant les derniers mois de la guerre de S\u00e9cession, des Indiens Apaches command\u00e9s par Sierra Charriba, attaquent un poste de cavalerie du Nouveau-Mexique et massacrent ses occupants, puis se dirigent vers le Mexique en emmenant les enfants. Le Major Dundee, commandant du Fort Benlin, qui sert de camp d'internement pour les prisonniers sudistes, d\u00e9cide de rattraper et d'an\u00e9antir la bande de Charriba. Manquant d'hommes, il est contraint d'enr\u00f4ler des volontaires de tous acabits ainsi que des Sudistes, dont le chef est Benjamin Tyreen. Les deux hommes se connaissent de longue date et se d\u00e9testent.Tyreen accepte d'aider Dundee en assurant le commandement des Sudistes. Mais une fois la mission termin\u00e9e, il tuera Dundee, tel est son serment. La petite troupe entre au Mexique. La tension augmente (pr\u00e9sence de soldats noirs) et le commandement de Dundee est mis \u00e0 rude \u00e9preuve...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pN75ihQN0cxFDhcGXg9UH7umuUH.jpg", "actors": ["Charlton Heston (Major Amos Charles Dundee)", "Richard Harris (Captain Benjamin Tyreen)", "Jim Hutton (Lieutenant Graham)", "James Coburn (Samuel Potts)", "Michael Anderson Jr. (Trooper Tim Ryan)", "Senta Berger (Teresa Santiago)", "Mario Adorf (Sergeant Gomez)", "Brock Peters (Aesop)", "Warren Oates (O.W. Hadley)", "Ben Johnson (Sergeant Chillum)", "R.G. Armstrong (Reverend Dahlstrom)", "L.Q. Jones (Arthur Hadley)", "Slim Pickens (Wiley)", "Karl Swenson (Captain Waller)", "Michael Pate (Sierra Charriba)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What could have been gives way to an enjoyable curio piece.\r\n\r\nOriginally intended as a searing epic by director Sam Peckinpah, Major Dundee was taken away from his guiding hands post production and edited into an almost incoherent mess. Here in the new millennium we are able to see a restoration of the film with added scenes that gives the film are more cohesive structure, and yes it improves the film ten fold because the characters have flesh on their bones, yet still we are only really glimpsing three parts of Peckinpah's vision since there is another 30 minutes of film seemingly lost forever, and that is a crying shame because this film could have been a western masterpiece had it been allowed to flourish.\r\n\r\nThere is still a lot to enjoy here tho, Major Dundee leads a rag tag army of Union soldiers, Confederate rebels, convicts, loonies, and a one armed James Coburn into Mexico to hunt down an Apache army who are responsible for deadly attacks on U.S. bases in Texas. It's not so much The Dirty Dozen, but more like the dirty army! And in the main here it's the fractious nature of this assembled army that gives the film its vigour and selling point. Almost certainly the film is one of the forerunners of Vietnam allegories, and like it or not it's the thematic undercurrent of soldiers under prepared that keeps the film above average.\r\n\r\nThe cast are fine, it's like a roll call for the macho assembly, Charlton Heston is Dundee, a big square jawed brash man who tries to keep this army in line whilst dealing with his own nagging ego. Richard Harris owns the film as Tyreen, his on going personal war with Dundee gives the film added impetus. James Coburn plays a very interesting character, but it's a character that demands more time on screen than we actually get (perhaps the victim of the cretinous cuts?), and it leaves a hankering feeling that never quite leaves you.\r\n\r\nIt's a fine journey, it's a fine character piece, and everyone also note that the wide screen shoot is gorgeous, but at the end of the day Major Dundee is only hinting at the genius that would deliver The Wild Bunch four years down the line, but it could have been so much different...\r\n\r\nForgive them for they know not what they do. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Harsh, dense Peckinpah Western with Charlton Heston, Richard Harris and James Coburn*** \r\n\r\nA disgraced Major (Charlton Heston) guilty of making a tactical error at Gettysburg is assigned to command a dull P.O.W. camp in the New Mexican Territory. After some ranchers and a cavalry unit are massacred, the glory-seeking Dundee (Heston) seizes the opportunity by illegally crossing into Mexico to wipe out the Native raiders with a dubious team consisting of Union troops, Confederate prisoners, civilian mercenaries and a couple scouts. Richard Harris makes his debut as the dashing leader of the Confederates while James Coburn plays the lead scout. Brock Peters appears as the black sergeant whereas Ben Johnson and Warren Oates play Rebel soldiers.\r\n\r\nThis was director Sam Peckinpah\u2019s third Western after \u201cThe Deadly Companions\u201d (1961) and \u201cRide the High Country\u201d (1962); and would be followed up by the heralded \u201cThe Wild Bunch\u201d (1969). It\u2019s not as good as \u201cRide,\u201d but it\u2019s superior to \u201cCompanions\u201d and \u201cBunch\u201d IMHO. The main reason I don\u2019t favor \u201cBunch\u201d is because it\u2019s about a bunch of dirtbag thugs for whom I could care less. \u201cDundee,\u201d by contrast, has several interesting, more worthy, protagonists.\r\n\r\nThe script was loosely based on historical examples (e.g. the Dakota War of 1862) mixed with the plot of Moby-Dick, as well as elements of Lawrence of Arabia and classic John Wayne/Ford Westerns. The questionable group assembled to invade Mexico is a microcosm of the USA with the conflict between Northern and Southern soldiers, the rising complication of freed blacks, civilians & their guns and an AmerIndian scout.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s a depth to the proceedings that makes the first half almost impenetrable. But, if you concentrate, there are a lot of riches to glean and you can\u2019t beat the superlative cast with Heston and Harris shining in their conflicting roles. Meanwhile Senta Berger and Bego\u00f1a Palacios are noteworthy on the female front.\r\n\r\nThe movie reflects the harsh realities of horse militarists on a mission in the Southwestern wilderness in the late 1800s. But it was reportedly a troubled production (of course, which large-scale production isn\u2019t?). At one point Peckinpah got too dictatorial during the filming of a particular scene and disrespected Heston from afar with rude verbiage. Charlton, on horseback, bolted toward the director with saber drawn to which the much smaller director took off out of Heston\u2019s reach.\r\n\r\nThe theatrical release ran 2 hours, 3 minutes while the restored 2005 version added 13 minutes and featured an (optional) new score, which is the version I viewed. The movie was shot entirely in Mexico.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [22383, 32068, 23330, 31935], "youtube_key": "Rb59dvOwu4M"}