{"tmdb_id": 29735, "title": "Le Flic ricanant", "original_title": "The Laughing Policeman", "slug_title": "le-flic-ricanant", "date": "1973-12-20", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un lieutenant de la police de San Francisco est l'une des victimes d'un carnage perp\u00e9tr\u00e9 au fusil mitrailleur dans un bus de la ville. Ses coll\u00e8gues mettront tout en \u0153uvre pour retrouver le coupable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5pBK26jzGirNthgIxCPNs4eVjIQ.jpg", "actors": ["Walter Matthau (Sgt. Jake Martin SFPD)", "Bruce Dern (Insp. Leo Larsen SFPD)", "Louis Gossett Jr. (Insp. James Larrimore SFPD)", "Albert Paulsen (Henry Camerero)", "Anthony Zerbe (Lt. Nat Steiner SFPD)", "Val Avery (Insp. John Pappas SFPD)", "Cathy Lee Crosby (Kay Butler)", "Mario Gallo (Bobby Mow, Snitch)", "Joanna Cassidy (Monica, Beth's Roomate)", "Frances Lee McCain (Prostitute)", "Clifton James (Officer Jim Maloney SFPD Bomb Squad)", "William Hansen (Mr. Schwermer, Bus Vicitm)", "Shirley Ballard (Grace Martin)", "Paul Koslo (Duane Haygood)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "From the early-70's zenith of crime and police-centered films, 'The Laughing Policeman' deserves credit, respect and recognition as a fine, gritty, accurate work that shows the way real officers interact and go through their work-days and solve crimes. Walter Matthau, mostly known for his astute comedic touch, is excellent, as is Bruce Dern, who's promoted to an uneasy partnership with Matthau, when the latter's partner, who was on vacation yet took an unsolved case home with him, is at the wrong place at the wrong time, part of a brutal mass murder on board a bus. The well-directed script shows how alienated a good policeman is from his family, how hated he is by most of the community, and the blind alleys and dead ends he has to go through in order to solve the case, and have it hold up in a court of law. It's 'Dirty Harry' or the 'French Connection' films done honestly, not as a fever dream of wish fulfillment from the policeman's perspective (though I must admit I love those too!)..."}], "recommandations_id": [20802, 27112, 48852, 42493], "youtube_key": "s0y_ZLXMbv4"}