{"tmdb_id": 297608, "title": "L'\u00e9trange cas Deborah Logan", "original_title": "The Taking of Deborah Logan", "slug_title": "l-etrange-cas-deborah-logan", "date": "2014-10-21", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Pour sa th\u00e8se consacr\u00e9e \u00e0 Alzheimer, Mia Medina filme Deborah Logan, atteinte de la maladie, ainsi que sa fille qui s\u2019occupe d\u2019elle. Tr\u00e8s vite, d\u2019\u00e9tranges \u00e9v\u00e9nements se produisent : Deborah se r\u00e9veille la nuit et proc\u00e8de \u00e0 d\u2019\u00e9tranges rites. Petit \u00e0 petit, l\u2019\u00e9quipe en vient \u00e0 se demander si Alzheimer est vraiment responsable de ces \u00e9v\u00e9nements ou si un esprit mal\u00e9fique n\u2019en serait pas la cause", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eoEbIEB5ZxOnT8YPzMGA19B9RpD.jpg", "actors": ["Jill Larson (Deborah Logan)", "Anne Ramsay (Sarah Logan)", "Michelle Ang (Mia Medina)", "Ryan Cutrona (Harris)", "Brett Gentile (Gavin)", "Jeremy DeCarlos (Luis)", "Anne Bedian (Dr. Nazir)", "Tonya Bludsworth (Deputy Linda Tweed)", "Melissa Lozoff (Cara's Mother)", "Julianne Taylor (Cara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A horror movie whether Deborah is possessed or not.\r\n\r\nEvery character is dumb as Hell, but the premise and a couple of visuals are enough to keep you involved. Gains absolutely nothing from the Found Footage format though.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Secrets from the past is about to explode!**\r\n\r\nIt was released a while ago, but I was not interested in the horrors, because they are not my kind. For an atheist, horror films are mostly a joke. I do like or enjoy watching them, but I do it very rarely. This is not one of that. Frankly, I don't know why all the horror films are same, but different cast, location and situation.\r\n\r\nIf you have seen sufficient films in your life, then you would also find it nothing special. This a found-footage kind where a student making a thesis on an old woman with alzheimer. As usual, something goes wrong and all hell breaks loose. So finding the root cause and stopping it becomes the main task for all who are involved with it.\r\n\r\nI am sure those who watch films rarely might have more fun with it. I mean edgy moments with all the scares. From a new director with a decent cast. This is another title from the recent that to have a name Logan. Like all the horrors, this too ended with wide open, but so far there's no news about a sequel. I hope they won't make it. I did not enjoy it, but still you could if you are not my kind as I've explained.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [272692, 291272, 253306, 296065]}