{"tmdb_id": 297762, "title": "Wonder Woman", "original_title": "Wonder Woman", "slug_title": "wonder-woman", "date": "2017-05-30", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Guerre", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Avant d'\u00eatre Wonder Woman, elle s'appelait Diana, princesse des Amazones, entra\u00een\u00e9e pour \u00eatre une guerri\u00e8re impossible \u00e0 conqu\u00e9rir. Elle est \u00e9lev\u00e9e sur une \u00eele isol\u00e9e et paradisiaque, mais lorsqu'un pilote am\u00e9ricain s'\u00e9crase sur leur rivage et annonce qu'un conflit \u00e0 grande \u00e9chelle fait rage dans le monde, Diana quitte son foyer, convaincue qu'elle doit arr\u00eater cette menace. Combattant aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de cet homme et des siens pour mettre fin \u00e0 cette guerre et \u00e0 toutes les guerres, Diana d\u00e9couvre ses vrais pouvoirs... Et son v\u00e9ritable destin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oomdTdke7dqffdDoDV1fFBV4fJY.jpg", "actors": ["Gal Gadot (Diana Prince / Wonder Woman)", "Chris Pine (Steve Trevor)", "Connie Nielsen (Queen Hippolyta)", "Robin Wright (Antiope)", "Danny Huston (Erich Ludendorff)", "David Thewlis (Sir Patrick Morgan / Ares)", "Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui (Sameer)", "Ewen Bremner (Charlie)", "Eugene Brave Rock (Chief Napi)", "Lucy Davis (Etta Candy)", "Elena Anaya (Isabel Maru / Doctor Poison)", "Lilly Aspell (Young Diana (8))", "Lisa Loven Kongsli (Menalippe)", "Ann Wolfe (Artemis)", "Ann Ogbomo (Phillipus)", "Emily Carey (Diana (12))", "James Cosmo (FIeld Marshall Haig)", "Wolf Kahler (German Commander)", "Alexander Mercury (German Lieutenant)", "Martin Bishop (Kaiser Wilhelm II)", "Flora Nicholson (Marie)", "Pat Abernethy (Photographer)", "Freddy Elletson (Trench Sentry)", "Sammy Hayman (Trench Sentry)", "Michael Tantrum (Trench Sentry)", "Philippe Spall (Trench Officer - Belgian)", "Edward Wolstenholme (Trench Officer - British)", "Ian Hughes (German Soldier)", "Marko Leht (German Soldier in Boat)", "Steffan Rhodri (Colonel Darnell)", "Andrew Byron (Weary Captain (Shot))", "Dominic Kinnaird (Suited Man)", "Rachel Pickup (Fausta Grables)", "Ulli Ackermann (Guard at Invite Table)", "Frank Allen Forbes (Turkish Slave)", "Peter Stark (Soldier at Gala)", "Rainer Bock (Von Hindenberg)", "Josh Bromley (Young Soldier (Station))", "Jennie Eggleton (Young Wife (Station))", "Eva Dabrowski (Nina)", "Harvey James (German Pilot)", "George Johnston (German Pilot)", "Danielle Lewis (Senator Timandra)", "Florence Kasumba (Senator Acantha)", "Eleanor Matsuura (Epione)", "Josette Simon (Mnemosyne)", "Doutzen Kroes (Venelia)", "Hayley Warnes (Aella)", "Caitlin Burles (Queen's Guard)", "Jemma Moore (Queens Guard)", "Samantha Jo (Euboea)", "Brooke Ence (Penthiselea)", "Madeleine Vall (Egeria (as Madeleine Vall Beijner))", "Hari James (Trigona)", "Jacqui-Lee Pryce (Niobe)", "Betty Adewole (Amazon Army)", "Caroline Maria Winberg (Amazon Army (as Caroline Winberg))", "Lizzie Bowden (Amazon Army)", "Kattreya Scheurer-Smith (Amazon Army)", "Rekha Luther (Amazon Townsfolk)", "Thaina Oliveira (Amazon Townfolk)", "Ooooota Adepo (Amazon Townsfolk)", "Zinnia Kumar (Amazon Townsfolk)", "Toma McDonagh (Amazon Townfolk)", "Amber Doyle (Mother)", "Freddy Carter (Soldier)", "Fred Fergus (Soldier)", "Tim Pritchett (Wounded Soldier)", "Gana Bayarsaikhan (Throne Room Amazon)", "Camilla Roholm (Throne Room Amazon)", "Stephanie Haymes-Roven (Amazon Cavalry General)", "Nia Burke (Veld Singer)", "Dee Lewis Clay (Singer)", "Tori Letzler (Singer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'd just like to thank Patty Jenkins for making a DCIThoughtSheWasWithUniverse movie that wasn't fucking garbage.\r\n\r\nIf I'm being completely honest, the two people I went to the cinema to watch _Wonder Woman_ with and I did spend the next two hours after coming out of our screening discussing the various problems with the movie, but we also all agreed on one thing: We still loved it.\r\n\r\nMaybe it's just the rose-coloured glasses of comparison, but I had an excellent time with _Wonder Woman_, and I'm excited to go back to the cinema and watch it, at least one more time.\r\n\r\nIt's the first time I've said that about a DC movie since _The Dark Knight Rises_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "Movie Queen41", "content": "**The First Great DCEU Film**\r\n\r\nThis film is the origin story of Diana Prince/Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), who was first introduced in Batman v. Superman last year. She is born and trained on Themyscira, the hidden island where the powerful warrior women known as the Amazons live. One day, Steve Trevor (Chris Pine), an American World War I spy, crashes off the coast of Themyscira and is rescued by Diana and the two team up to take down Ares, the God of War, and the Germans, who are developing a very deadly form of mustard gas. There are fantastic action sequences in this film, especially by Gal Gadot. It's amazing to see her single-handedly storm the German front, inspiring the Allies to fight with her. Gadot takes over from the legendary Linda Carter and makes the role her own. She has great chemistry with Pine. They are complete equals in this film. It's refreshing to see the female lead in a superhero film not be the love interest. The only negative part of the film are the lackluster villains. Hopefully, Wonder Woman will have more formidable foes in future films."}, {"pseudo": "in_the_crease", "content": "**DC Hits A...Bunt. But compared to the strikeouts, a bunt seems impressive.**\r\n\r\nWonder Woman had some things working for it--things other comic book movies have faltered on. But it had a lot of things not working for it too. The result is an average median between what works and what doesn't. While the film is spectacular within the struggling DCEU, as a stand alone film it's mediocre at best. \r\n\r\nDiana's origin story--how she came to be and how she came to be a super hero was refreshing. It showcased the world of the Amazon warriors. It was unique in the often cookie-cutter super hero origin stories. Patty Jenkins did a good job of framing it, but I think the character's origin story dating back to the comics has always been unique in comparison to other super heroes.\r\n\r\nThe result is that the first third or so of the movie is satisfying--despite dull performances from Gal Gadot and Chris Pine (who had zero chemistry as a couple). But once we leave the confines of the island and enter the real world, the movie becomes hit or miss. WWI (that's right, WWI now, not WWII. The reason for the change in setting is never apparent) London is portrayed in a way that is almost a distraction. Yes, the world isn't white washed; diversity is a thing--a wonderful thing at that. But DC's version of Captain America's Howling Commandos consist of an Arab and an American Indian. Diversity for diversity's sake becomes distracting--especially when paired with a low-rent Simon Pegg whose soul function is being a deadly sniper who never fires his weapon (that's helpful on a top-secret mission behind enemy lines). \r\n\r\nIt's almost as if the movie telegraphs all of these unnecessary plot hiccups to remind you that this is a super hero film, and no matter how much the mortal humans fail, it will all be okay because the super hero will save the day. \r\n\r\nThe dialogue can be clich\u00e9d at times, and the final theme of the movie--one of love conquering all and the acknowledgement that, overall, mankind is good, is laughable in it's amateur preachiness. \r\n\r\nBut what the film lacks in substance and script, it makes up for in the visuals. I found the action sequences to be great fun. Heavily stylized \"Matrix-style\" fight scenes seem right at home in a film about super hero Gods. The freeze frames worked too--as fight sequences froze in over-the-top super hero poses that harkened back to the source material's comic book roots.\r\n\r\nThe final confrontation between Wonder Woman and Ares--while dragging on a little long--was well done, being one of the few super hero movie climaxes that delivered. \r\n\r\nWhile aspects of the movie were so similar (Hell! Identical!) to Captain America: The First Avenger, I actually felt embarrassed for the filmmakers, I did come away thinking this was the movie Captain America should have been. It succeeded in places where Captain America failed miserably. \r\n\r\nThe movie is entertainment--pure, fun, pop-corn-gobbling entertainment. In that realm, it succeeds and succeeds well. But as a piece of cinematic art, it falls flat on its face with too many plot holes, script inconsistencies, clich\u00e9s and mediocre acting. Wonder Woman will be an important movie for both the DCEU and the summer of 2017. But it lacks the magic and staying power of Nolan and Donner's contributions to DC comics' films."}, {"pseudo": "Law", "content": "I like the portrayal of the Greek/Amazonian myth; the part where Chris Pine is naked; the part where Wonder Woman overturns the tank; and the post-battle dance scene with her and Steve Trevor, and that's it.\r\n\r\nThis could be mistaken for a mediocre, melodramatic, cheesy TV movie. Visually, it's less interesting than any of the other nu-DC fare; I never thought I'd miss Zach Snyder's sensibility but I did in this flick. Storywise, it may be a step up from the rest of the DCEU, but it still barely rivals the worst of the Marvel movies. Gal Gadot can't act, and Chris Pine couldn't make the clunky dialogue sound not ridiculous.\r\n\r\nWonder Woman is tolerable. That's more than can be said for the other nu-DC movies but it's not a compliment."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I quite enjoyed this movie. When I learned that Zack Snyder had his fingers in it I got a worried since he recently wrote such atrocities as Batman vs Superman and sure enough the story is a really the weakest part of the movie. A typical nonsensical, unintelligent, Hollywood story/script were you are better off putting your brain in idle when watching it.\n\nHowever it makes up for this with cool special effects and, surprisingly, quite enjoyable characters. This is definitely a movie that you watch for the sake of the special effects. Well, if you are a male teenager you might also be watching it to drool over Gal Gadot of course (I have to admit that she is hot).\n\nThere is not too much to say about the plot. Our Amazon hot chick discovers that there is a war going on and goes out to stop it. Since she has been overly protected by her guardian she is amazingly clueless about life outside of her little island. Especially aspects involving men. Something which creates some funny moments as well as some embarrassingly silly ones. This, Diana\u2019s gradual evolution where she not only is learning about life but also discovers her considerable powers, is one of the enjoyable aspects of the movie though. It is of course also one of the dummer aspects of the movie. How the f\u2026 could the Amazon Queen race Diana to be so ignorant about everything?\n\nAnother not so enjoyable part of the movie is the ludicrous scenes where the britts are trying to obtain peace at all costs as well as the stereotypical portrayal of Ludendorff as some megalomaniacal, half crazy war-mongerer. This was just dumb. I guess Zac Snyder just picked the name out of some history book without bothering to read up on the character. Typical lack of intelligence and respect, a la Hollywood, for anything outside of their, very limited, sphere of knowledge.\nWell, at least Danny Huston did a pretty decent job of the shitty role he was given. So did most of the rest of actors. I definitely liked Gal Gadot as Super Woman but then, although I am not a teenager, I am still a male so maybe I am biased when it comes to her?\n\nI definitely liked the special effects. The showdown at the end was great as far as I am concerned and the rest not bad either. They could have been even better though if it would not have been so obvious that the Germans where mostly incompetent extras waiting for Wonder Woman to show off her gymnastics and slow motion abilities. Come on, even superhero special effects should make some pretense of being \u201crealistic\u201d superhero special effects.\n\nThe movie is definitely aimed at the young adult segment. Unfortunately it do not seem to know what it is aiming for. Sometimes it is almost adult, sometimes it is late teen and sometimes just so bloody TV-show silly that you\u2019re wondering if it is aiming for even pre-teens.\n\nAnyway, regardless of its faults I did enjoy my 2+ hour spent on this movie. Enough to give it a 4 out of 5 rating"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The Amazonian princess Diana's quest-come-self-discovery!**\r\n\r\nFrom all the superhero films, this was one of the most anticipated. Mainly because of the woman oriented theme. People were desperate to see the solo woman superhero. Today, we have the great visual effects technology, that anything can be possible to bring on to the screen. And actress like Gal Gadot, even better it gets. Yes, it was a wonderful film. A simple storyline, but a well made film.\r\n\r\nThe Amazonians who are cut off from the rest of the world, is preparing for the battle if Ares returns. All these years nothing has happened, but one day a fighter pilot crash on the cost of their island. Then the princess embark a journey back with him to find, and end the Ares threat forever. But she only ends up in the WWII, and what happens in the following sequence are the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nWho would have done a better job than Patty Jenkins. She nailed it, and so set to direct the sequel too. Even the supporting cast was good. DC's visuals always high standards and so this one. Action sequences too amazing. There's lots of changes in the character, as well as in everything. Firstly a nice superhero costume. And connections like Diana's father, the island, all pretty nicely written out. The DC universe just got extended. I can't wait to see 'Justice League'.\r\n\r\n**8/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [283995, 315635, 141052, 263115]}