{"tmdb_id": 29778, "title": "Dracula et les femmes", "original_title": "Dracula Has Risen from the Grave", "slug_title": "dracula-et-les-femmes", "date": "1968-11-07", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans un village, une jeune femme est retrouv\u00e9e morte et portant la marque d'un vampire. L'\u00e9v\u00eaque et le cur\u00e9 monte au ch\u00e2teau de Dracula, l'un deux fait une chute, et se blesse. Le sang coulant de sa blessure r\u00e9veille le prince des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres enfoui sous la glace. L'homme de Dieu devient son serviteur et l'aide dans ses terribles m\u00e9faits.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wkPv68Qo9Sqk38ONdZDJfvbbMZ2.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Lee (Dracula)", "Barry Andrews (Paul)", "Veronica Carlson (Maria Mueller)", "Rupert Davies (Monsignor Ernst Mueller)", "Marion Mathie (Anna Mueller)", "Ewan Hooper (The Village Priest)", "Barbara Ewing (Zena)", "Michael Ripper (Max)", "Norman Bacon (Mute Boy)", "George A. Cooper (Village Landlord)", "Christopher Cunningham (Village Inn Patron)", "John D. Collins (Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Though for the classic Hammer 'Dracula' series starring Sir Christopher Lee as the 'protagonist' it loses oomph for not also starring Sir Peter Cushing (who always seemed to get the best work out of Lee in the Hammer days), this still is wildly admirable and a must-watch. The wonderful (and ingenious) poster, on its own, more than makes up for Cushing's absence."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Shadows and Fog.\r\n\r\nDracula Has Risen from the Grave is the fourth film in Hammer Films' Dracula series. It is directed by Freddie Francis and written by Anthony Hinds (under his alias John Elder). It stars Christopher Lee, Rupert Davies, Veronica Carlson, Barry Andrews and Barbara Ewing. Music is by James Bernard and cinematography by Arthur Grant.\r\n\r\nVery much a case of style over substance, Dracula Has Risen from the Grave is still very much a top line Hammer Dracula pic. Story sees the famous Count accidentally revived and embark upon a mission of revenge, which spells trouble for the inhabitants of the village that sits in the shadow of his castle. Enter a scenario where Dracula is very much on the periphery as he tracks Carlson's sultry babe for his nefarious ends. Lust, blood, breasts and religious zeal does follow.\r\n\r\nThat's about it as story goes, but even though strands such as religious beliefs - or otherwise - are dangled but not pulled hard enough, the screenplay is not without interesting merit. A number of great scenes lift the pic out of the ordinary, from a terrific \"body in a bell\" opening, to the grandiose splendour of a crucifix blood splatter, the craft on show engages and thrills. The middle section slow moves as we are party to young lovers under duress via Drac, but Drac pops up from time to time to menace humans and horses alike.\r\n\r\nThe super craft doesn't stop there, the costuming and sets are ornate and very appealing, with the various colour lens choices also superb. Standing out are the roof top sequences, we get high level views of an angular landscape, with jutted slates, odd chimney tops (one even looking like a magic mushroom), all of which is shrouded in mist. There's even green smoke coming out of some stacks, just what are the villagers burning on their fires?! While Bernard scores it with menacing relish, some of the title music having shades of Berlioz at his most unnerving.\r\n\r\nCompetently acted and directed with a keen eye for detail, this is one of the better Hammer Dracula sequels. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29748, 17102, 34479, 33020]}