{"tmdb_id": 2978, "title": "S.O.S. Fant\u00f4mes 2", "original_title": "Ghostbusters II", "slug_title": "s-o-s-fantomes-2", "date": "1989-06-15", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Cinq ans apr\u00e8s avoir d\u00e9barrass\u00e9 la ville de ses fant\u00f4mes, les quatre chasseurs de fant\u00f4mes sont r\u00e9duits \u00e0 animer des go\u00fbters d'anniversaire, \u00e0 pr\u00e9senter des shows t\u00e9l\u00e9vis\u00e9s pour l'am\u00e9ricain moyen, ou \u00e0 jouer aux libraires. Mais pendant ce temps, New York produit une substance visqueuse inqui\u00e9tante sous la surface du sol : le slime.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4nN0EYNbOWHJ9UO39maO5Kvcdfa.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Murray (Dr. Peter Venkman)", "Dan Aykroyd (Dr. Raymond Stantz)", "Sigourney Weaver (Dana Barrett)", "Harold Ramis (Dr. Egon Spengler)", "Rick Moranis (Louis Tully)", "Ernie Hudson (Winston Zeddemore)", "Annie Potts (Janine Melnitz)", "Peter MacNicol (Dr. Janosz Poha)", "Harris Yulin (Judge Wexler)", "David Margulies (Mayor Lenny)", "Kurt Fuller (Jack Hardemeyer)", "Janet Margolin (The Prosecutor)", "Wilhelm von Homburg (Vigo)", "Mary Ellen Trainor (Brownstone Mother)", "Chloe Webb (Elaine)", "Kevin Dunn (Milton Angland)", "Brian Doyle-Murray (Psychiatrist)", "Max von Sydow (Vigo (voice))", "Ben Stein (Public Works Official)", "Michael P. Moran (Frank the Doorman)", "George P. Wilbur (Bailiff)", "Cheech Marin (Dock Supervisor)", "Philip Baker Hall (Police Commissioner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tricksy", "content": "This was another sequel that was fashionable to knock when it came out. It got panned because it couldn't live up to the first Ghostbusters. Well, what could? The first one was so original, so enormously popular than any sequel was bound to fail as far as matching it.\r\n\r\nThis second Ghostbusters was just fine, very entertaining and it was nice to see all the main characters back. It had a little nicer feel to it and was more family-friendly language-wise, so it even had some things going for it the first one didn't have.\r\n\r\nThe other major different in this sequel was watching Peter MacNichol, who reprized his \"Renfield\"-type character from Mel Brooks' \"Dead: And Loving It\" comedy with Leslie Nielsen. Here, MacNichol plays \"Janosz Poha,\" another wacko with a thick Eastern European accent. He is hilarious, and elevates the enjoyment of this film. Otherwise, the rest of the cast plays and acts just as they did in the first film, which means you'll get a lot of laughs out of them The story just isn't as intense, that's all. No, it can't equal the original, but.....\r\n\r\nThe bottom line is this: Don't try to compare the two films. If you enjoyed the first, you'll like this.....period."}], "recommandations_id": [620, 928, 9593, 8536], "youtube_key": "cL1CwqSrLP0"}