{"tmdb_id": 297899, "title": "Be Astonished", "original_title": "Be Astonished", "slug_title": "be-astonished", "date": "2014-10-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "When Jeremy Higgs, an independent documentary film maker from Chicago, IL, meets 28-year-old athlete Stephen Saprid, he is so impressed he has to share his story with the world. Stephen Saprid is a Filipino American athlete who is a contestant of the TV show American Ninja Warrior. He has acquired the skills and techniques needed to conquer any obstacles and challenges, from practicing holistic training discipline from Parkour and core strength and conditioning program from Crossfit. He has earned a degree in college allowing him to serve, save and protect real individuals not only in a professional setting but also wherever he may be. He is dedicated and will never give up on his dreams!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/52PkD6KqxnQ2bwOIq1zqsS1m2Un.jpg", "actors": ["Jeremy Higgs (Self)", "Stephen Saprid (Self)", "Carlie Smith (Self)", "Sara Radziuk (Self)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "live.love.laugh", "content": "After the movie was over it didn't feel like an hour has passed. I love how involve the kids were and how he inspires them how to be more active. He's such a positive role model. #chicagopride"}, {"pseudo": "AnabelleA", "content": "He has the absolute built for the competition. The inspirational video might prove to viewers that hard work, perseverance and to never give up on your dreams will be the key to success. I hope he wins and become the First American Ninja Warrior.\r\nI'm rooting for him! Go Go Go! Thanks for inspiring us!"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}