{"tmdb_id": 2982, "title": "Le Monde perdu", "original_title": "The Lost World", "slug_title": "le-monde-perdu", "date": "1960-07-13", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Un professeur britannique s'aventure en plein c\u0153ur de l'Amazonie avec quelques scientifiques. L\u2019exp\u00e9dition se fait attaquer par des dinosaures.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tiBTklBzxgdmcNPTIAtQtL7MkH.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Rennie (Lord John Roxton)", "Jill St. John (Jennifer Holmes)", "David Hedison (Ed Malone)", "Claude Rains (Prof. George Edward Challenger)", "Fernando Lamas (Manuel Gomez)", "Richard Haydn (Prof. Summerlee)", "Ray Stricklyn (David Holmes)", "Jay Novello (Costa)", "Vitina Marcus (Native Girl)", "Ian Wolfe (Burton White)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Irwin Allen asks us politely to get lost in his world.\r\n\r\nThe Lost World is directed and produced by Irwin Allen, who also co-adapts the screenplay with Charles Bennett from the novel written by Arthur Conan Doyle. It stars Michael Rennie, Jill St. John, Claude Rains, David Hedison, Fernando Lamas and Richard Haydn. A CinemaScope production in De Luxe Color, music is by Paul Sawtell & Bert Shefter and cinematography by Winton C. Hoch.\r\n\r\nA loose adaptation of Doyle's novel, this version was the first talkie to surface after the silent original back in 1925. The story pitches a diverse group of travellers/explorers onto an Amazonian plateau where it is hoped that proof of living dinosaurs can be made. Monster malarkey does follow.\r\n\r\nGiven that it has a diverse reputation and average ratings on internet movie sites, you would be fooled into thinking this was a flop. Far from it! It made very good coin at the box office and it continues to be a well received fantasy favourite shown on TV schedules during holiday periods. In fact, there is a cult fan base out there whom steadfastly will defend the pic from violent attack!\r\n\r\nIrwin Allen used his average budget in areas other than for the creature effects, this is obvious, while it's true to say that most of the acting is from the school of ham and cheese sandwich. Yet the slurpasaur effects are engaging and effective. Oh for sure none of the creatures look like dinosaurs, which begs the question on why didn't they just write it as a new raft of undiscovered dinosaurs? But suspense and peril is eked out and the world created by the art design team is impressively interesting.\r\n\r\nThe usual character stereotypes exist, including a surplus to requirements female character (St. John), who is attired in pink trousers and brings her pet poodle pooch along for the trip! The formula would get tired over the on coming decades (see Disney's Island at the Top of the World which would crib from this pic), yet there's still a lot of fun to be had with big creatures, big spiders, diamonds and a secret race of people with a specialist appetite - while you can't beat a good old chase finale topped off by peril and twisty strife.\r\n\r\nSometimes cheap and cheerful, sometimes full of fun and frolics, all things considered, there's a good time to be had for the discerning creature feature/fantasy adventure film fan. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [34276, 146768, 5334, 65487], "youtube_key": "h1CLA-gJbmA"}