{"tmdb_id": 298312, "title": "The Visit", "original_title": "The Visit", "slug_title": "the-visit", "date": "2015-09-10", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Deux enfants sont envoy\u00e9s passer une semaine en Pennsylvanie, dans la ferme de leurs grands-parents. Mais lorsque l'un d'eux d\u00e9couvre qu'ils sont impliqu\u00e9s dans quelque chose de profond\u00e9ment d\u00e9rangeant, leurs chances de retour s'amenuisent de jour en jour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/32tNtTEQ1vIOLm1hEOSFkVwJT5D.jpg", "actors": ["Olivia DeJonge (Rebecca Jamison)", "Ed Oxenbould (Tyler Jamison)", "Deanna Dunagan (Nana)", "Peter McRobbie (Pop Pop)", "Kathryn Hahn (Mother)", "Celia Keenan-Bolger (Stacey)", "Samuel Stricklen (Conductor)", "Patch Darragh (Dr. Sam)", "Jorge Cordova (Miguel)", "Steve Annan (Man on the Street)", "Benjamin Kanes (Dad)", "Ocean James (Young Becca)", "Seamus Moroney (Young Tyler)", "Dave Jia (Cruise Passenger (uncredited))", "Sajida De Leon (Cruise Passenger (uncredited))", "Erica Lynne Marszalek (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "John Buscemi (Police officer (uncredited))", "Richard Barlow (Police Officer (uncredited))", "Shawn Gonzalez (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "Brian Gildea (Police Officer (uncredited))", "Shelby Lackman (J. Smith (uncredited))", "Jon Douglas Rainey (Police Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> You a film prodigy? You know, I used to be a pretty good actor.\r\n\r\nYou can see here the desperate Shyamalan Attempt to get back to his old glory days. But in the last ten years he's not able to reach a decent success. Losing truth with big league actors and production house, so ended up doing movies with teens in his previous 3. So this one as well about two young siblings who goes to meet their grandparents from the rural. After the smooth first day the grandparents' unusual behaviour begin to scare the kids. In an attempt to find the truth, what follows is a twist in the tale.\r\n\r\nPG13 rated 'found footage' horror-thriller. But the story might be either real or fiction that never explains, because the boy in the movie wanted to do a project. Not that scary except in a couple of scenes. A better story, but the movie was okay type. The entire film revolves around four characters, but the two kids led from the front with their excellent act. It faired well at the box office, but honestly, I was slightly disappointed with everything from it.\r\n\r\nShyamalan is better than this, but he had a few chances to prove it that did not work out well as everyone expected. It's only a matter of time to give an unexpected hit and turnover in his career, that's what I'm looking for, but looks like not any time soon. I think this film was better than his recent ones that delivers within its limit, so I consider it is a one time watch film and nothing else.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A grand time of things at the grandparents place?\r\n\r\nThe Visit is written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Olivia DeJonge, Ed Oxenbould, Deanna Dunagan, Peter McRobbie and Kathryn Hahn. \r\n\r\nBecca and Tyler have never met their grandparents, their mother left that family home in acrimonious circumstances. Now the kids are off to spend a few days with them - and get far more than they bargained for. \r\n\r\nIf you ask some people then they will say that Shyamalan never had form to begin with, so to them this doesn't warrant being called some sort of return to form, what it does do is find him on sound footings. Veering away from big budgets and adopting a low-fi approach, this very much has him back in the spooky zone. \r\n\r\nIt's all very nutty of course, the premise and the (very good) reveal are hardly genre defining, but the unease is palpable, the mystery element strong and there's a bunch of genuinely freaky scenes. The last third is almost delirious as the story goes through its bad dream fairy tale throes, and the small cast are excellent, with Syamalan once again showing how good he works with young actors. \r\n\r\nA good honest chiller that isn't purporting to be anything other than that. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [321258, 345911, 242224, 91586], "youtube_key": "YfQnRjkuvaY"}