{"tmdb_id": 29846, "title": "The Accused", "original_title": "The Accused", "slug_title": "the-accused", "date": "1949-01-14", "genre": "Crime", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ebArjFZkB3lbkbETW0wxFOLZZR5.jpg", "actors": ["Loretta Young (Dr. Wilma Tuttle)", "Robert Cummings (Warren Ford)", "Wendell Corey (Lt. Ted Dorgan)", "Sam Jaffe (Dr. Romley)", "Douglas Dick (Bill Perry)", "Suzanne Dalbert (Susan Duval)", "Sara Allgood (Mrs. Conner)", "Mickey Knox (Jack Hunter)", "George Spaulding (Dean Rhodes)", "Francis Pierlot (Dr. Vinson)", "Ann Doran (Miss Rice, Nurse)", "Carole Mathews (Waitress)", "Billy Mauch (Harry Brice (as Bill Mauch))", "Eric Alden (Detective (uncredited))", "John Bishop (Detective (uncredited))", "Gladys Blake (Boxing Fan (uncredited))", "Douglas Carter (Professor (uncredited))", "Frank Darien (Jerry (uncredited))", "Jim Davies (Deputy (uncredited))", "Al Ferguson (Judge (uncredited))", "Bess Flowers (Court Deputy (uncredited))", "Joe Gray (Abe Comar (uncredited))", "Harry Harvey (Dr. Odolard (uncredited))", "Richard Holland (Dr. Odolard (uncredited))", "John Indrisano (Referee (uncredited))", "Nolan Leary (Coroner (uncredited))", "Joe McTurk (Man (uncredited))", "Ralph Montgomery (Newsman (uncredited))", "Bert Moorhouse (Prosecutur (uncredited))", "Roland Morris (Student (uncredited))", "William J. O'Brien (Police Detective (uncredited))", "Albin Robeling (Waiter (uncredited))", "Frances Sandford (Waitress (uncredited))", "Sally Shepherd (Tea Room Hostess (uncredited))", "Evelynne Smith (Woman (uncredited))", "Lyn Thomas (Miss Parker (uncredited))", "Henry Travers (Blakely - Romley's Assistant (uncredited))", "Josephine Whittell (Dean's Secretary (uncredited))", "Charles Williams (Dorgan's Assistant (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Crime of Fear.\r\n\r\nThe Accused is directed by William Dieterle and adapted to screenplay by Ketti Frings from the novel \u201cBe Still, My Love\u201d written by June Truesdell. It stars Loretta Young, Robert Cummings, Wendell Corey, Sam Jaffe and Douglas Dick. Music is by Victor Young and cinematography by Milton R. Krasner.\r\n\r\nWilma Tuttle (Young) is a college professor who is prompted into an act of self defence when one of her students attacks her sexually. The damage done, Wilma covers up her crime and finds her conscience gnawing away at her, especially as she is actively involved in the police investigation\u2026\r\n\r\nGood sturdy story is well played out by a good sturdy cast, The Accused makes up for what it lacks in noir visuals with noir infected psychological smarts. Helps that Wilma Tuttle is a strong characterisation in Young\u2019s excellent hands, the whole film hinging on the fact that Wilma\u2019s crime is perfectly understandable to us viewers, she has our sympathy, more so since she has the chance of love with Cumming\u2019s amiable and cunning lawyer. \r\n\r\nWe follow the police investigation through its various strands of science, with Wilma privy to what is going on as well. This puts a devilish kink to proceedings as Lieutenant Ted Dorgan (Corey) is pretty sure he knows what really happened (an inquest had previously ruled the death as an accident caused whilst diving).\r\n\r\nFurther spice comes with the knowledge that Dorgan also has the hots for Wilma, thus this puts Wilma in a whirlpool of fear and fret, conscience battering and the amorous attentions of two male suitors, both of whom are intricately bound to the investigation. Plus she\u2019s trying to keep it together at work whilst she\u2019s teaching her students psychology!\r\n\r\nIt all builds to a good conclusion, which is nicely open ended, to round production out as an entertaining noirish meller. 7/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [42288, 25807, 35958, 61960]}