{"tmdb_id": 298584, "title": "Cabin Fever", "original_title": "Cabin Fever", "slug_title": "cabin-fever", "date": "2016-02-12", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Ayant lou\u00e9 une cabane dans la for\u00eat pour y f\u00eater la fin de leurs \u00e9tudes, une bande de cinq jeunes voit leur f\u00eate tourner au massacre lorsqu\u2019ils croisent un homme infect\u00e9 par un myst\u00e9rieux virus d\u00e9vorant la chair de ses victimes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4E9EujszaChAzBruxS9BxRcVtIc.jpg", "actors": ["Gage Golightly (Karen)", "Matthew Daddario (Jeff)", "Samuel Davis (Paul)", "Nadine Crocker (Marcy)", "Dustin Ingram (Bert)", "Randy Schulman (Henry)", "George Griffith (Cadwell)", "Tim Zajaros (Connor / Grim)", "Aaron Trainor (Tommy)", "Louise Linton (Deputy Winston)", "Laura Kenny (Hog Woman)", "Derrick R. Means (Dennis)", "Jason Rouse (Fenster)", "Benton Morris (Baily)", "Teresa Decher (Emily)", "Ted Pfeifer (Sheriff Silver)", "Richard G. Boron (Hazmat)", "Eli Roth ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ouch! Ouch!\r\n\r\nMy my, the most horrifying thing about this Cabin Fever remake is the vitriolic scorn poured on it by the horror hordes! It is in no way a great film, or even a particularly good one either, but to me it's no worse than a whole ream of other gore based horrors I have been bored by since the new millennium dawned.\r\n\r\nIn my defence, I wasn't over enamoured with the original in the first place, so it was no big stretch for me to give this one a shot. It also obviously helped me that I haven't seen that original since the year it was released, so hazy memory and all that. What I got here was a pic full of blood and grue, sex and stereotypes, and poor acting. That is often the norm in the gore slasher genre of things...\r\n\r\nOn the plus side is the superb cinematography by Gavin Kelly and a truly head rattling musical score by Kevin Riepl, the latter of which even does a cheeky steal from Symphonie Fantastique (Hector Berlioz). And there's the gorgeous and sexy Louise Linton playing a fantasy driven Deputy! Hoo-Hah! But I digress.\r\n\r\nI'd never watch it again, I wouldn't dream of recommending it to serious horror buffs, and although there's a very good emotional pull late in the day, it's pretty much an empty shell. But I did have fun while it was on. Sue me. 5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Take the already not-the-great original movie, subtract 99% of the humour, gender-swap a single character and otherwise reel out a shot for shot remake. If that sounds worthwhile to you, I guess you could 2016's Cabin Fever a shot, but personally I'm still trying to figure out how (and more importantly why) this got made...\r\n\r\nGreat soundtrack though.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible."}], "recommandations_id": [28739, 157424, 11547, 257345], "youtube_key": "A10CG-eXCKY"}