{"tmdb_id": 2990, "title": "Fen\u00eatre sur Pacifique", "original_title": "Pacific Heights", "slug_title": "fenetre-sur-pacifique", "date": "1990-09-28", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Inspir\u00e9 d'un fait r\u00e9el, le film raconte l'histoire de Patty et Drake qui viennent d'acheter la maison de leurs r\u00eaves \u00e0 San Francisco. Pour les aider financi\u00e8rement, ils d\u00e9cident de louer la chambre du rez-de-chauss\u00e9e et choisisent un d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Carter Hayes qui semble \u00eatre le locataire id\u00e9al. Mais d\u00e8s son emm\u00e9nagement, les choses tournent mal...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hgHqxcBEsJ305sIaGYhNY3nevzz.jpg", "actors": ["Melanie Griffith (Patty Palmer)", "Matthew Modine (Drake Goodman)", "Michael Keaton (Carter Hayes)", "Mako (Toshio Watanabe)", "Nobu McCarthy (Mira Watanabe)", "Laurie Metcalf (Stephanie MacDonald)", "Carl Lumbly (Lou Baker)", "Dorian Harewood (Dennis)", "Luca Bercovici (Greg)", "Tippi Hedren (Florence Peters)", "Sheila McCarthy (Liz Hamilton)", "Beverly D'Angelo (Ann Miller)", "Guy Boyd (Warning Cop)", "Dan Hedaya (Loan Officer)", "Miriam Margolyes (Realtor)", "James Staley (District Attorney)", "Takayo Fischer (Bank Teller)", "Frank DiElsi (Precinct Cop)", "O-Lan Jones (Motel Maid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Pacific Heights \u2013 Low Human.\r\n\r\nPacific Heights is directed by John Schlesinger and written by Daniel Pyne. It stars Michael Keaton, Melanie Griffith, Matthew Modine, Laurie Metcalf and Mako. Music is by Hans Zimmer and cinematography by Amir M. Mokri.\r\n\r\nYoung couple Patty and Drake plough all their resources into buying a large house in the affluent Pacific Heights area of San Francisco. With two apartments to rent they think their numbers have come in when they manage to find tenants for both. But one man, the mysterious Carter Hayes (Keaton), soon proves to be anything but the perfect tenant\u2026\r\n\r\nThere are twin terrors at work here, one is the tenant from hell, the other is the laws that protect him as he manipulates the system to its very stupid core. The makers do a very good job of making the film unsettling throughout, the ghastly menace who invades someone\u2019s home and holds all the ace cards is a constant terrifying presence.\r\n\r\nSchlesinger for two thirds of the piece crafts a tightly wound thriller, unfortunately it just gets too daft for its own good as the cat and mousery reaches the culmination of plotting. Keaton is great, expanding upon the dark part of Bruce Wayne portrayal to be scarily smooth and convincing. Griffith is good value as well, and it\u2019s great to see a female character showing great resourcefulness, but both actors are let down by Pyne\u2019s screenplay in the last third where the psycho versus good lady section is too far fetched. Whilst Modine isn\u2019t a good enough actor to pull off the furious husband act.\r\n\r\nA mixed bag, but mostly it beats a good thriller heart to keep it above average. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19380, 17494, 2246, 11060]}