{"tmdb_id": 299245, "title": "Gallows", "original_title": "The Gallows", "slug_title": "gallows", "date": "2015-07-10", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville, un accident se produit pendant le spectacle de fin d'ann\u00e9e du lyc\u00e9e et fait plusieurs morts. Vingt ans plus tard, des lyc\u00e9ens du m\u00eame \u00e9tablissement remontent la pi\u00e8ce pour rendre hommage aux victimes de la trag\u00e9die, mais d\u00e9couvrent qu'il vaut mieux parfois ne pas ressusciter les fant\u00f4mes\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rCcmr3PqKohsjl7SlsTRZF0WcUF.jpg", "actors": ["Cassidy Gifford (Cassidy)", "Ryan Shoos (Ryan)", "Pfeifer Brown (Pfeifer)", "Reese Mishler (Reese)", "Price T. Morgan (Stage Boy)", "Mackie Burt (Cheerleader #1)", "Travis Cluff (Mr. Schwendiman)", "Melissa Bratton (Pfeifer's Mom)", "Theo Burkhardt (Rick Houser)", "David Herrera (David the Janitor)", "Alexa Benson (Drama Student)", "Rebecca Dowty (Parent of the Nerd)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A night before the play!**\r\n\r\nIt is my personal opinion that I did not find the film any good. There's nothing new in it. Even those who haven't seen many films could name a couple of similar films. The best ones. The worst part was, in horror films, ten guys go in and only one comes out. Sometimes none. The found-footage presentation was okay for such concept. The film was short and one day event based. Most of the story was on the night in an auditorium. The initial part had fair space to kick-start the tale with a simple intro. And then the following event did not stay up to the buildup.\r\n\r\nThe basic storyline itself was very weak. The characters, and their behaviours, all easily gives out the upcoming scenes. So predictable, even the twist was ordinary. The way it ended was worse than ordinary. I felt the final scene with the cops was totally unnecessary. There's nothing wrong with the actors. Even filmmaking was acceptable. But I don't know how the production company okayed the screenplay. One of the low cost film, but earned better. Despite not received well by all the quarters. I would always encourage such small films, but I can't suggest it.\r\n\r\n_2/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [283445, 146301, 243688, 280092], "youtube_key": "Eq2Gd_eZumE"}