{"tmdb_id": 299235, "title": "Daredevils of the West", "original_title": "Daredevils of the West", "slug_title": "daredevils-of-the-west", "date": "1943-05-01", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Daredevils of the West is a lightning-fast-paced Western cliffhanger serial released by Republic Pictures in 1943 starring Allan Lane and Kay Aldridge. The plot involves a gang of land-grabbers who try to prevent safe passage of the Foster Stage Company through frontier territory, however, the story of the serial is merely a framework for the setup of numerous elaborate stunt action sequences, cliff-hanging perils and fiery deathtraps which the hero and heroine must fight to survive. As was the case with other Republic serials released during wartime such as King of the Mounties and The Masked Marvel, a rapid, even frantic pace is evident throughout, which has made the serial a favorite among fans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zJXdoN8rZDewjSsQfXmpPxvOrr2.jpg", "actors": ["Kay Aldridge (June Foster)", "Allan Lane (Duke Cameron)", "Eddie Acuff (Red Kelly)", "William Haade (Henchman Ward)", "Robert Frazer (Martin Dexter)", "Ted Adams (Silas Higby)", "George J. Lewis (Henchman Turner)", "Stanley Andrews (Col. Andrews [Ch. 1, 12])", "Jack Rockwell (Sheriff Watson [Ch. 2, 3, 7, 9, 11, 12])", "John Hamilton (Sen. Garfield [Ch. 8])", "Budd Buster (Indian Scout [Ch. 1,5])", "Kenneth Harlan (Territorial Commissioner [Ch. 9, 10])", "Kenne Duncan (George Hooker [Ch. 9] (as Ken Duncan))", "Rex Lease (Jack - Henchman [Ch. 9])", "Chief Thundercloud (Indian Chief [Ch. 8, 9])", "Charles Miller (Foster [Ch. 1])"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}