{"tmdb_id": 299551, "title": "Le projet Atticus", "original_title": "The Atticus Institute", "slug_title": "le-projet-atticus", "date": "2015-01-20", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Fond\u00e9 en 1976 par le Dr Henry West, l\u2019Institut Atticus \u00e9tait sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans l\u2019\u00e9tude de personnes d\u00e9veloppant des capacit\u00e9s paranormales : parapsychologie, voyance, psychokin\u00e9sie, etc. Des centaines de personnes pr\u00e9sentant ce genre d\u2019aptitudes ont \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9tudi\u00e9es par les chercheurs de l\u2019institut et de nombreux articles annon\u00e7ant leurs r\u00e9sultats ont \u00e9t\u00e9 publi\u00e9s. Mais aucun cas \u00e9tudi\u00e9 jusque-l\u00e0 n\u2019avait pr\u00e9par\u00e9 le Dr West et son \u00e9quipe \u00e0 l\u2019arriv\u00e9e de Judith Winstead\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/whTd9GVyour6AafAotlmrIrsTi9.jpg", "actors": ["William Mapother (Dr. Henry West)", "Rya Kihlstedt (Judith Winstead)", "Sharon Maughan (Susan Gorman)", "Anne Betancourt (Joanne Breault)", "John Rubinstein (Marcus Wheeler)", "Suzanne Jamieson (Cathleen West)", "Gerald McCullouch (Steven West)", "Brian Chenoweth (Father Donnelly)", "Joe Guarneri (Sergeant Parella)", "Gage Maverik (Government Researcher)", "Erich Lane (Kenneth)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tiailds", "content": "I was not sure what to expect before watching this. I now understand why this is shown on cable more than most POV horror out these days.\r\n\r\n\"Was it interesting?\" For the most part. Framing it as a legitimate documentary helped it. The dated setting, lack of technology, and inability to see the characters away from the action hurt it some.\r\n2 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Was it entertaining?\" That is it's biggest problem. Little drama beyond emotional storytelling and only a few real good paranormal scenes.\r\n1 out of 3\r\n\r\n\"Was it memorable?\" The form of the movie was, but otherwise didn't make too much of an impact. It mostly just tries to stand out among it's sub-genre.\r\n1.5 out of 3\r\n\r\nStart with 1, 1+2+1+1.5=5.5\r\nI'm rounding up for just using decent actors and good editing. A 6 with these type of movies is definitely above average."}], "recommandations_id": [272692, 207769, 74505, 268725]}