{"tmdb_id": 29958, "title": "Snake Island", "original_title": "Snake Island", "slug_title": "snake-island", "date": "2002-08-01", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "3.4/10", "synopsis": "A group of American tourists heading down an African river make a brief stop at Snake Island, an island that has been virtually abandoned for years. When they end up getting trapped on the island overnight, they find thousands of deadly snakes intent on reclaiming the tropical island for themselves.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1XbpxZ6zAI99v7gXiHx57UmwiFO.jpg", "actors": ["William Katt (Malcolm Page)", "Wayne Crawford (Jake Malloy)", "Kate Connor (Heather Dorsey)", "Russel Savadier (Eddie Trent Jones)", "Dawn Matthews (Lisa)", "Milan Murray (Carrie)", "Jason Kennett (Lance)", "Japan Mthembu (Righteous)", "Nicola Hanekom (Ronnie)", "Seth Zweli Zimu (Ramalo)", "Rohan Coll (Estate Agent)", "Jonathan Taylor (Client One)", "Ben Kruger  (Client Two)", "Bob Miles (Running Man)", "Philip Moore (Lloyd)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Snakes on an Island***\r\n\r\nA group of tourists, resort workers & guides in South Africa struggle to survive after getting stranded on an island with a profusion of deadly snakes. William Katt (Malcolm), Wayne Crawford (Jake) and Kate Connor (Heather) emerge as the main protagonists. Crawford also directed and co-wrote the script.  \r\n\r\n\u201cSnake Island\u201d (2002) is a low-budget South African production with a few American actors; it probably cost half of what the typical SyFy flick costs. But it gives you what you pay for (although I hope you watched it for free): a plethora of snakes, authentic African locations, a mildly entertaining survival situation with an okay cast, a subdued sense of humor and some decent horror. It helps that most of the snakes appear to be real rather than CGI.\r\n\r\nBut it\u2019s overall pedestrian, unfortunately. I guess it doesn\u2019t help that I don\u2019t find snakes particularly frightening. Director/writer Crawford tried to perk things up with a tiki party sequence wherein the group lets their hair down and some of the females start dancing topless. But the women, while okay, aren\u2019t anything overly alluring, although Kate Connor eventually won me over.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 30 minutes and was shot in South Africa.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C/C-"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "AluznPj8ubg"}