{"tmdb_id": 299536, "title": "Avengers : Infinity War", "original_title": "Avengers: Infinity War", "slug_title": "avengers-infinity-war", "date": "2018-04-25", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Fantastique"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Les Avengers et leurs alli\u00e9s devront \u00eatre pr\u00eats \u00e0 tout sacrifier pour neutraliser le redoutable Thanos avant que son attaque \u00e9clair ne conduise \u00e0 la destruction compl\u00e8te de l\u2019univers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7WsyChQLEftFiDOVTGkv3hFpyyt.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Chris Hemsworth (Thor Odinson)", "Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner / The Hulk)", "Chris Evans (Steve Rogers / Captain America)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Don Cheadle (James \"Rhodey\" Rhodes / War Machine)", "Benedict Cumberbatch (Stephen Strange / Doctor Strange)", "Tom Holland (Peter Parker / Spider-Man)", "Chadwick Boseman (T'Challa / Black Panther)", "Zoe Saldana (Gamora)", "Karen Gillan (Nebula)", "Tom Hiddleston (Loki)", "Paul Bettany (Vision)", "Elizabeth Olsen (Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch)", "Anthony Mackie (Sam Wilson / Falcon)", "Sebastian Stan (James \"Bucky\" Barnes / Winter Soldier)", "Idris Elba (Heimdall)", "Danai Gurira (Okoye)", "Peter Dinklage (Eitri the Dwarf)", "Benedict Wong (Wong)", "Pom Klementieff (Mantis)", "Dave Bautista (Drax the Destroyer)", "Vin Diesel (Groot (voice))", "Bradley Cooper (Rocket Racoon (voice))", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Virginia \"Pepper\" Potts)", "Benicio del Toro (Taneleer Tivan / The Collector)", "Josh Brolin (Thanos)", "Chris Pratt (Peter Quill / Star-Lord)", "Sean Gunn (On-Set Rocket)", "William Hurt (Thaddeus \"Thunderbolt\" Ross)", "Letitia Wright (Shuri)", "Terry Notary (Cull Obsidian / On-Set Groot)", "Tom Vaughan-Lawlor (Ebony Maw)", "Carrie Coon (Proxima Midnight (voice))", "Michael James Shaw (Corvus Glaive)", "Stan Lee (Schoolbus Driver)", "Winston Duke (M'Baku)", "Florence Kasumba (Ayo)", "Kerry Condon (F.R.I.D.A.Y. (voice))", "Monique Ganderton (On-Set Proxima Midnight)", "Jacob Batalon (Ned Leeds)", "Tiffany Espensen (Cindy Moon)", "Isabella Amara (Sally Avril)", "Ethan Dizon (Brian 'Tiny' McKeever)", "Ariana Greenblatt (Young Gamora)", "Ameenah Kaplan (Gamora's Mother)", "Ross Marquand (Johann Schmidt / Red Skull / Stonekeeper)", "Michael Anthony Rogers (Secretary Ross' Aide)", "Stephen McFeely (Secretary Ross' Aide)", "Aaron Lazar (Dr. Stephen Strange Double)", "Robert Pralgo (Thanos Reader)", "Olaniyan Thurmon (Teenage Groot Reader)", "Blair Jasin (Street Pedestrian #1)", "Matthew Zuk (Street Pedestrian #2)", "Laura Miller (Scottish News (STV) Reporter)", "Kenneth Branagh (Asgardian Distress Call (voice) (uncredited))", "Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury (uncredited))", "Cobie Smulders (Maria Hill (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"It is a bold undertaking, to readjust what is expected of the MCU/Avengers formula, and there are moments when the sheer scale and momentum match the narrative ambition...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2018/4/25/avengers-infinity-war.html"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "Amazing.  Visually stunning.  So much going on, but somehow also clear and easy to understand.  A little flabby in the middle third, but given the huge cast and story to cover it is very understandable.  The highlight was the parings of characters from different stories and their interactions.\r\n\r\nIf you aren't a Marvel fan this film won't convert you, but if you have liked any of the previous films you will like this too.\r\n\r\n10/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Just a very short, NO SPOILERS review I wanted to get down while it's still fresh.\r\n\r\nFor a movie with this much riding it, to come out not feeling disappointed, is a **massive** achievement. While I absolutely do love it I had some things that I felt were maybe imperfect about _Infinity War_, but my biggest concern was that it seemed like it would be absolutely meaningless to somebody who didn't put in the effort of watching the 18 movies leading up to it. You can probably assuage that fear though, because I went to see it with two people who had only seen _Black Panther_ at this point, and they both loved it, with minimal confusion.\r\n\r\nPersonally? I can't wait to see it again. This is probably the most excited I've been about the second watch of an MCU film since the first _Avengers_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "Law", "content": "The third act turns on a character being an idiot. That story beat renders all that the heroes do before and after it immaterial. That moment so preoccupied me that I couldn't enjoy the rest of the story, and made it impossible to ignore the flick's other glaring flaws anymore: the villain's motive makes no sense, the glove exists only to produce plot contrivances, the score is so obvious it might as well be cue cards on screen (\"Feel sad now\") ...\r\n\r\nThe first half is some of the best action in a Disney Marvel entry yet, and the other half is so stupid that it sours the whole MCU experience."}, {"pseudo": "Ch Walid", "content": "Best MCU movie, more than that.... BEST SUPERHERO MOVIE EVER. Hands Down"}, {"pseudo": "hs.rohit", "content": "Nice Movie."}, {"pseudo": "Movie Queen41", "content": "Massive, epic movie. I'm so happy that Marvel is stepping up their game with their villains. For too long, MCU villains have been too bland and generic. But lately, the villains have improved with Michael Keaton's Vulture, Michael B. Jordan's Killmonger, and now James Brolin's Thanos. Thanos has appeared in several other MCU films, but he seemed rather flat in those movies. Here, he's allowed to be fully developed as a character. Especially touching is his relationship with his adoptive daughter, Gamora. It's actually surprisingly tender and moving. Thanos is the actual main focus of the film, and if he failed as a character, the entire movie wouldn't have worked. So bravo, Marvel!"}, {"pseudo": "jmquint00", "content": "Best Movie Ever..."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Moving ending, but easily the least of the Avengers movies\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2018 and directed by Anthony & Joe Russo, \"Avengers: Infinity War\" chronicles events when the Avengers team-up with several allies to defeat the cosmic despot Thanos, whose goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones to attain unimaginable power and radically solve one of the Universe\u2019s most challenging problems.\r\n\r\nThe story focuses on Thanos, Thor and the Guardians of the Galaxy, especially Gamora, as well as Iron Man, Doctor Strange and Spider-Man. The rest of the cast members are decidedly peripheral, e.g. Black Widow, Captain America, Black Panther, Vision and Scarlet Witch.\r\n\r\nThis is easily the least of the Avengers trilogy. Not to mention \"Captain America: Civil War\" (2016) and \"Thor: Ragnarok\" (2017) are significantly more compelling and all-around entertaining. Actually, all three Thor flicks are palpably superior, as is \u201cIron Man 2\u201d (2010). If you haven\u2019t already, I encourage you to watch these movies prior to viewing \u201cInfinity War,\u201d as well as \u201cBlack Panther\u201d (2018) and the two \u201cGuardians of the Galaxy\u201d flicks (2014/2017); otherwise you\u2019ll likely be lost because all these movies lead up to this one.\r\n\r\n\u201cInfinity War\u201d is certainly an ambitious comic book movie in that it notably juggles so many super-beings, but this lack of focus isn\u2019t conducive to suspense or great drama. It\u2019s okay at best with overkill CGI and the big battle in the closing act with the easily slaughtered four-armed dog-creatures is curiously dull. But the film gets extra points for a bold, poignant climax, which sets up the 2019 sequel. \r\n\r\nIn any case, People giving it the top rating and calling it \u201cthe greatest superhero movie ever\u201d need a serious reality check.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours, 29 minute and was shot in New York City, Scotland and Philippines with studio work done in Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayetteville, Georgia. WRITERS: Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}, {"pseudo": "Santosh", "content": "I Love this movie."}, {"pseudo": "uridon", "content": "It's the epitome of superhero trash and the franchise of manchildren.  The ultimate smashing your toys together to battle only this time it's for the world to see."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "In 2012, Marvel Studios changed the cinematic landscape with a payoff that was five films in the making, proving a linked universe of movies could work.\r\nIn 2014, they proved to be one of the finest purveyors of entertainment by releasing two of the best genre films of all time back to back.\r\nIn 2018, Avengers: Infinity War is the culmination of ten years of narrative buildup. All the pieces were patiently put in place. The payoff? Never did my inner 8 year old think he would ever be watching a movie with Iron Man and Spider-Man sharing the same screen together, but here we are. Avengers: Infinity War is a very fine piece of 'turn your brain off' storytelling, except it actually goes the extra mile to have some intelligence.\r\n\r\nWe all know the film isn't the Endgame, but we're primed and ready for Part 2. Shut up and take my \ud83d\udcb0 Marvel!"}], "recommandations_id": [363088, 284054, 383498, 284053], "youtube_key": "6ZfuNTqbHE8"}