{"tmdb_id": 29966, "title": "Ciel rouge", "original_title": "Blood on the Moon", "slug_title": "ciel-rouge", "date": "1948-11-09", "genre": ["Action / Western / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Juste apr\u00e8s la Guerre de S\u00e9cession, un cow-boy vagabond, Jim Garry, loue ses services \u00e0 Tate Rilling et Jack Pindalest, deux sp\u00e9culateurs qui tentent, sous une apparente respectabilit\u00e9, de d\u00e9poss\u00e9der un riche \u00e9leveur de ses troupeaux. Ecoeur\u00e9 par leurs m\u00e9thodes, Jim d\u00e9cide de quitter les deux escrocs et de rejoindre le camp de l'\u00e9leveur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6NlcHGwqedeANFctJT2TZi4BrqJ.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Mitchum (Jim Garry)", "Barbara Bel Geddes (Amy Lufton)", "Robert Preston (Tate Riling)", "Walter Brennan (Kris Barden)", "Phyllis Thaxter (Carol Lufton)", "Frank Faylen (Jake Pindalest)", "Tom Tully (John Lufton)", "Charles McGraw (Milo Sweet)", "Clifton Young (Joe Shotten)", "Tom Tyler (Frank Reardon)", "George Cooper (Fred Barden)", "Tom Keene (Ted Elser)", "Bud Osborne (Cap Willis)", "Zon Murray (Nels Titterton)", "Robert Bray (Bart Daniels)", "Joe Devlin (Barney)", "Chris-Pin Martin (Commissary Bartender)", "Iron Eyes Cody (Indian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I can buy me that kind of friend for $75 a month and no questions asked.\r\n\r\nBlood on the Moon is directed by Robert Wise and is adapted from a Luke Short story by Lillie Hayward and Harold Shumante. It stars Robert Mitchum, Barbara Bel Geddes, Robert Preston, Walter Brennan, Phyllis Thaxter, Frank Faylen, Tom Tully and Charles McGraw. Music is by Roy Webb and cinematography by Nicholas Musuraca. Story has Mitchum as drifting cowboy Jim Garry, who after receiving a job offer in the mail from old acquaintance Tate Riling (Preston), finds himself pitched in the middle of a war between cattle ranchers and homesteaders.\r\n\r\nEffective and tightly crafted Western that has garnered many favourable remarks, due in the main to its ability to veer away from formula suggested by the plot and the technical film noir touches brought about by the great Musuraca. With Mitchum turning in one of his great screen dominating performances, film is driven forward by the psychological aspects brought about by thematics such as duplicity, split loyalties and moral quandaries. Director Wise does a good job of pacing the film, keeping it on the slow burn whilst dialling into Jim Garry's mindset, and picture is further boosted by a great knuckle fight and a rip-roaring siege shoot out at the end. But it's the mood created by Musuraca and Wise that is the real winner. With the film set 90% at night or in darkened rooms, shadow play is high and an oppressive feel adds weight to the psychological clocks ticking away in the narrative. In support of Mitchum, Geddes does spunky cowgirl well, while the presence of Brennan, Faylen and the gravel voiced McGraw is keenly felt.\r\n\r\nGood story, well acted and visually potent. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29477, 160660, 6610, 19368], "youtube_key": "8abz9-GlJuY"}