{"tmdb_id": 299834, "title": "Keepin' It Real", "original_title": "Keepin' It Real", "slug_title": "keepin-it-real", "date": "2003-03-18", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "2.0/10", "synopsis": "A Madcap road trip set against the crazy world of feuding Hip Hop record labels. Joslyn (portia) is the bootylicious daughter of  a notorious 'gangsta' rap mogul, \"A-Ttain\" (Tiny Lister), Whose New York based record label is under pressure. Joslyn doesn't make matters any easier for her Dad when she steals the unreleased master tape of her boyfriend, Raw D (Kurupt), A-Train's biggest selling artist who has just left the label.  Believing in Raw D's promises of love and independence, joslyn sets out to personally deliver the tape to him in L,A, But the promised land doesn't come that easy when she finds out that hot on her trail are her dad's thugs and two wannabe Eminem clones hired by Raw D's lawyer.....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sjSnQdDHhhtDkBalCPUTbEBIijY.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Blakemore (Richard)", "Steve De Forest (Record Executive (Suit #1))", "Page Ediger (Waitress)", "Bob Gilliam (Li'l Pimp)", "Kurupt (Raw-D)", "Tom Lister Jr. (A-Train Tranton (as 'Tiny' Lister Jr.))", "Jessica Schatz (Receptionist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "chris.tmdb", "content": "This movie was truly terrible. Karen is a young woman who is trying to get to L.A. to deliver an original copy of her father's (A-Train) rap recording that was stolen from the studio. Richard is a young man who she originally accused of stealing her car, but he ends up driving her to L.A. and nothing funny happens on the way. The only two white characters in the film are rapper-wannabes who talk black and stole Karen's car and are looking for a record deal themselves. I was hoping to see rapper Kurupt in the film, but he was only in the last 5-minute scene and maybe 1 or 2 shots of him rapping in the recording studio. This movie must have cost close to nothing to make, for it has nothing in it at all (literally no background music in the whole film, horrible acting and a dumb storyline).I don't know what genre this movie fits in, for even though it had a \"Youth-Restricted Viewing\" label on it at Blockbuster there was no violence, no sex, and close to no cursing. But forget that, this movie was horrible and a complete waste of time. The whole movie Richard and Karen are in a car driving to L.A. and they make several stops on the way. Nothing happens. AVOID THIS FILM AT ALL COSTS. Feel free to email me with any questions or comments."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}