{"tmdb_id": 29996, "title": "Salomon et la reine de Saba", "original_title": "Solomon and Sheba", "slug_title": "salomon-et-la-reine-de-saba", "date": "1959-12-25", "genre": "Histoire / Romance", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Salomon et son fr\u00e8re Adonijah viennent \u00e0 peine de vaincre les Egyptiens, qu'ils sont appel\u00e9s au chevet de leur p\u00e8re moribond, le roi David, pour recueillir ses ultimes volont\u00e9s. C'est Salomon qui montera \u00e0 sa suite sur le tr\u00f4ne. Malade de d\u00e9pit, Adonijah jure de se venger. Pharaon, qui ne s'est pas r\u00e9sign\u00e9 \u00e0 sa d\u00e9faite, envoie sa fid\u00e8le alli\u00e9e, la reine de Saba, en visite chez le nouveau roi des H\u00e9breux. La belle et redoutable souveraine a pour mission de s\u00e9duire son h\u00f4te et de le d\u00e9tourner des affaires militaires. Mais, tout en d\u00e9ployant ses charmes, elle s'\u00e9prend de l'homme qu'elle voulait perdre, cependant que celui-ci r\u00e9siste difficilement \u00e0 tant d'\u00e9blouissante beaut\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hwgvxpYFzYY77Gdi1xfDai0pkUc.jpg", "actors": ["Yul Brynner (Solomon)", "Gina Lollobrigida (Sheba)", "George Sanders (Adonijah)", "Marisa Pavan (Abishag)", "David Farrar (Pharaoh)", "John Crawford (Joab)", "Finlay Currie (David)", "Harry Andrews (Baltor)", "Jos\u00e9 Nieto (Ahab)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It is said that Solomon is wise. But no matter how wise he may be, he is still human, with a human weakness.\r\n\r\nSolomon and Sheba is directed by King Vidor and collectively written by Anthony Veiller, Paul Dudley, George Bruce and Crane Wilbur. It stars Yul Brynner, Gina Lollobrigida, Marisa Pavan, George Sanders, David Farrar, Harry Andrews, John Crawford and Laurence Naismith. Music is by Mario Nascimbene and cinematography by Fred A. Young.\r\n\r\nA fictionalised screenplay cribs from parts of the Bible, where the story here follows the relationship between Solomon of Israel and the Queen of Sheba, a problem because initially Sheba is in league with Israel's enemy, Egypt. All that and Solomon has to deal with his nefarious brother, Adonijah, who is a little miffed that Solomon has inherited the crown of Israel. \r\n\r\nFamously it was the production that saw the sad death of the leading man, Tyrone Power, while Vidor was so disillusioned about the whole film he quit making feature length films. It's a very mixed bag, very much showing the good and bad sides of the big historical epics that dominated Hollywood back in the day. In part it's a grandiose melodrama, in others it's cheap looking and given to campy histrionics (the orgy operatics sequences are just awful), while the screenplay jostles with itself as to being biblical blarney or potent pontifications.\r\n\r\nCostuming and colour photography smooths the eyes, but then the optical nerves are shredded by set design so poor a child making paper mache boulders could have done better. The cast are also in and out, Brynner is fine as Solomon (broody, brainy but troubled), as is the lovely Lollobrigida (stoic, smart and sexy), but the support slots barely convince. Sanders is badly miscast as Solomon's warrior brother Adonijah (he was 53 at the time), 10 years earlier in Samson and Delilah his villain turn worked, but not here.\r\n\r\nSword fighting choreography is poor, as are the miracle effects work, but conversely the big battle that crowns the story is smart in writing and in execution, where not even the model work can dim the thrill of it all. Released in the same year as Ben-Hur obviously does it no favours by comparison! But then so many other big swords and shields epics would also struggle as well. Vidor's movie is just above average in the genre pantheon, but the faults are irritable and hardly render it as a must see film for genre enthusiasts. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [124487, 170343, 167262, 54407]}