{"tmdb_id": 29998, "title": "The Amazing Mr. X", "original_title": "The Amazing Mr. X", "slug_title": "the-amazing-mr-x", "date": "1948-07-29", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Les \u00e9toiles Amazing Mr. X Turhan Bey comme le personnage, un mystique myst\u00e9rieux nomm\u00e9 Alexis. Faire vivre \u00e0 l'aise en tondant les riches cr\u00e9dules, le dernier objectif d'Alexis est en deuil jeune veuve Christine Faber (Lynn Bari). Dans l'espoir de communiquer avec son d\u00e9funt mari Christine soumet \u00e0 la loi cristal-ball d'Alexis. Alexis obtient plus qu'il a n\u00e9goci\u00e9 pour quand l'homme \u00ab d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9 \u00bb peut \u00eatre en vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/80ZGXmBdW8m86aV5FvedYjfE55x.jpg", "actors": ["Turhan Bey (Alexis)", "Lynn Bari (Christine Faber)", "Cathy O'Donnell (Janet Burke)", "Richard Carlson (Martin Abbott)", "Donald Curtis (Paul Faber)", "Virginia Gregg (Emily)", "Norma Varden (Wealthy looking woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And he used it to rule their lives\u2026win their love!\r\n\r\nThe Spiritualist (AKA: The Amazing Mr. X) is directed by Bernard Vorhaus and collectively written by Crane Wilbur, Muriel Roy Bolton and Ian McLellan Hunter. It stars Turhan Bey, Lynn Bari and Cathy O'Donnell. Music is by Alexander Laszlo and cinematography by John Alton.\r\n\r\nChristine Faber ( Bari) thinks she hears the voice of her late husband calling out to her from the beach. Upon investigating she bumps into a mysterious stranger called Alexis (Bey) who seems to know all about her. It turns out that Alexis is a spiritualist, but is he genuine? Christine and her younger sister Janet (O'Donnell) quickly fall for Alexis' spiel and charms, but there are surprises in store for all involved\u2026 \r\n\r\nSources suggest that preview screenings of The Spiritualist didn't go down too great, some of the more supernatural aspects of the story proved to be unintentionally funny. Apparently? In truth when viewing now it is a bit creaky in that department, but atmosphere is everything in a film like this and the makers get it mostly right. It sort of floats on ethereal waters, never hurried it indulges us in some impressive imagery whilst letting us into the trick laden world of a phony medium. The moon and the sea are characters in their own right, and Alton and Vorhaus bring them into the psychological play, while primary human characters are either gorging on obsession or manipulating to feather ones own nest. Then a twist comes that doesn't hinder the narrative or mood, in fact it aids the story considerably.\r\n\r\nDirector Vorhaus pitches the film somewhere in between a noir and a ghost story, sprinkles a bit of romanticism on the top and has fun debunking the art of spiritualism in the process. There's also a fun glint in the eye during proceedings (with one incredulous reaction from Alexis particularly joyous), something that is clearly intentional and was most likely misread by those preview audiences mentioned earlier. With John Alton working his cinematography wonders (expressive light and angles, looming shadows and misty close ups) and a very agreeable cast (including a smart Raven) making the story work in spite of some credibility stretching in the script, it rounds out as a very enjoyable, sometimes intelligent, picture.\r\n\r\nUndeniably without Alton though, it wouldn't be half as decent, he is the guiding force in the production. Alton's book Painting with Light (1949) features The Spiritualist prominently and it's evident the great man was tinkering with his talents here. The other notable link to the film is a sad one, the role of Christine Faber was signed sealed and delivered to Carole Landis, but just before the film went into production she committed suicide, aged just 29. On to more cheery things, home format availability? Numerous releases of the film have surfaced over the years, most have been bad transfers from public domain sources, however, now we do have a definitive release from Sony Classic (under the title The Spiritualist) that is a very decent print and takes us viewers firmly into the strange world of Mr. X.\r\n\r\nIt makes a nice accompaniment to John Farrow's Night of a Thousand Eyes, also from 1948, with both films serving as perfect appetiser's to Edmund Goulding's Nightmare Alley (1947). 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32887, 26385, 48646, 41234]}