{"tmdb_id": 299, "title": "L'Inconnu de Las Vegas", "original_title": "Ocean's Eleven", "slug_title": "l-inconnu-de-las-vegas", "date": "1960-02-17", "genre": "Thriller / Musique / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Onze amis de longue date (ils ont combattu ensemble pendant la Seconde Guerre Mondiale) d\u00e9cident de braquer ensemble cinq des plus grands casinos de Las Vegas au cours de la m\u00eame nuit. Leur plan est parfait, mais l'ex\u00e9cution en est mouvement\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6eZCYuCbkoB6iZzHDHHtf3FfZOA.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Sinatra (Danny Ocean)", "Dean Martin (Sam Harmon)", "Sammy Davis Jr. (Josh Howard)", "Peter Lawford (Jimmy Foster)", "Angie Dickinson (Beatrice Ocean)", "Richard Conte (Anthony 'Tony' Bergdorf)", "Cesar Romero (Duke Santos)", "Patrice Wymore (Adele Ekstrom)", "Joey Bishop (\"Mushy\" O'Connors)", "Akim Tamiroff (Spyros Acebos)", "Henry Silva (Roger Corneal)", "Ilka Chase (Mrs. Restes)", "Buddy Lester (Vince Massler)", "Richard Benedict (\"Curly\" Steffans)", "Jean Willes (Mrs. Bergdorf)", "Norman Fell (Peter Rheimer)", "Clem Harvey (Louis Jackson)", "Hank Henry (Mr. Kelly)", "Lew Gallo (Adele's Date)", "Robert Foulk (Sheriff Wimmer)", "Red Skelton (Gambler)", "George Raft (Jack Strager)", "Shirley MacLaine (Tipsy Girl)", "Murray Alper (Deputy (uncredited))", "Hoot Gibson (Roadblock Deputy (uncredited))", "Allen Jenkins (Police Office (uncredited))", "George E. Stone (Proprietor (uncredited))", "John George ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Though I had only seen Steven Soderbergh's remake, made shortly after Frank Sinatra died, in the interim I had achieved quite an appreciation of Sinatra's work, first as a game-changing jazz vocalist and, more recently, as an actor. I picked up the 4-pack of both Milestone's original and Soderbergh's trilogy, and, having both dedicated myself to some of Milestone's films and Sinatra's appearances, decided to give the Rat Pack's version a spin. The coolness and fun of the actors rubs off nicely on the proceedings, and it's extremely enjoyable to breathe in. Both Angie Dickinson and Shirley MacLaine are great fun too, as are the Vegas mainstays that make cameos. The extras on my DVD, especially Dickinson and Sinatra talking about making the film, years later when he guest-hosted The Tonight Show, were also splendid and mad my enjoyment even more profound. I highly recommend it to anyone who thinks the remake is great. As fine as a filmmaker as Soderbergh is, it pales in comparison, because as fine as today's stars are, they just aren't The Rat Pack! Also, the ending is one of the greatest. I have always felt that comedy is the hardest genre to do, and it dates so badly, but this holds up quite nicely..."}], "recommandations_id": [18727, 11372, 11349, 18398]}