{"tmdb_id": 30022, "title": "Lady on a Train", "original_title": "Lady on a Train", "slug_title": "lady-on-a-train", "date": "1945-08-17", "genre": ["Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "While on a train, Nikki Collins witnesses a murder as they pass a building. When she tells the police, they think she's crazy since she can't tell exactly where the crime happened. She then enlists a popular mystery writer to help with her sleuthing.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yxssJNvOP1d3HS1nzhkJY8JQpf5.jpg", "actors": ["Deanna Durbin (Nikki Collins / Margo Martin)", "Ralph Bellamy (Jonathan Waring)", "David Bruce (Wayne Morgan)", "George Coulouris (Mr. Saunders, Circus Club Manager)", "Allen Jenkins (Danny (Waring chauffeur))", "Dan Duryea (Arnold Waring)", "Edward Everett Horton (Mr. Haskell)", "Patricia Morison (Joyce Willams, Morgan's Girl)", "Maria Palmer (Margo Martin, Circus Club Singer)", "Elizabeth Patterson (Aunt Charlotte Waring)", "Samuel S. Hinds (Mr. Wiggam, Waring Lawyer)", "William Frawley (Desk Sgt. Brennan)", "Jacqueline deWit (Miss Fletcher, Morgan's Secretary)", "Lash La Rue (Circus Club Waiter / Henchman)", "Jane Adams (Circus Club Photographer)", "Thurston Hall (Josiah Waring)", "Ben Carter (Maxwell)", "Mabel Forrest (Wife)", "Barbara Bates (Hat Check Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Genre blender of considerable worth. \r\n\r\nLady on a Train is directed by Charles David and adapted to screenplay by Edmund Beloin and Robert O\u2019Brien from a Leslie Charteris story. It stars Deanna Durbin, Ralph Bellamy, David Bruce, George Coulouris, Allen Jenkins, Dan Duryea and Edward Everett Horton. Music is by Miklos Rozsa and cinematography by Woody Bredell. \r\n\r\nPart murder mystery, part film noir, part comedy and part musical! And it\u2019s a Christmas movie as well! Lady on a Train has a lot going on for sure. It\u2019s a fun packed little movie that gives Durbin full licence to show her various talents before she retired out of the limelight three years later. In main essence it\u2019s the murder mystery aspect that drives the picture forward. Durbin plays Nikki Collins, a spunky young woman who loves reading detective mysteries, so when she witnesses a murder being committed from her train window seat, she\u2019s obviously all of a tingle. However, convincing the authorities of what she saw proves to be difficult and she decides to take up the case herself. Pretty soon she is up to her neck in intrigue and life threatening peril. \r\n\r\nThings start getting twisty once Durbin meets the victim\u2019s bizarre family, a veritable roll call of miserablists and shifty shysters. Aided by mystery writer Wayne Morgan (Bruce), Nikki has to run the gamut of bluffing and boldness to stay one step ahead of the game, including imitating a chanteuse singer. This allows Durbin to the chance to warble three songs, with a version of \u201cSilent Night\u201d beautifully tender and a sensuous and sultry rendition of \u201cGimme a Little Kiss, Will Yah, Huh?\u201d Having us in the palm of her hand. It builds nicely to a darkly tinged last third, where Bredell\u2019s noirish photography comes into its own and the resolution of the tale is most satisfactory. Good laughs, good suspense and good songs, well worth a viewing. Story was filmed as a straight British thriller in 1940 titled A Window in London, with Michael Redgrave starring. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [61430, 44931, 37462, 126381], "youtube_key": "notfound"}