{"tmdb_id": 30036, "title": "Sur la trace du crime", "original_title": "Rogue Cop", "slug_title": "sur-la-trace-du-crime", "date": "1954-09-17", "genre": "Crime", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Le fr\u00e8re du sergent Kelvaney, policier corrompu, doit t\u00e9moigner lors d'un proc\u00e8s contre la p\u00e8gre. Les truands font pression sur Kelvaney pour qu'il interc\u00e8de aupr\u00e8s de son fr\u00e8re. Mais ce dernier, refusant de plier, est abattu. Kelvaney vengera sa mort.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1yaKgrgJY0zGnZGnDeUvbRhATLl.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Det. Sgt. Christopher Kelvaney)", "Janet Leigh (Karen Stephanson)", "George Raft (Dan Beaumonte)", "Steve Forrest (Eddie Kelvaney)", "Anne Francis (Nancy Corlane)", "Robert Ellenstein (Det. Sidney Y. Myers)", "Robert F. Simon (Ackerman)", "Anthony Ross (Father Ahearn)", "Alan Hale Jr. (Johnny Stark)", "Peter Brocco (George 'Wrinkles' Fallon)", "Vince Edwards (Joey Langley)", "Olive Carey (Selma)", "Roy Barcroft (Lt. Vince D. Bardeman)", "Dale Van Sickel (Manny)", "Ray Teal (Patrolman Mullins)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Little men begging for a break.\r\n\r\nRogue Cop is directed by Roy Rowland and adapted to screenplay by Sydney Boehm from the novel written by William P. McGivern. It stars Robert Taylor, Janet Leigh, George Raft, Steve Forrest and Anne Francis. Music is by Jeff Alexander and cinematography by John F. Seitz.\r\n\r\nChristopher Kelvaney (Taylor) is a cop on the take from the mob that's fronted by Dan Beaumont (Raft). When his brother and fellow cop, Eddie (Forrest), is requested to withdraw testimony about a crook covered by Beaumont, Chris is compromised and danger lurks for all involved.\r\n\r\nA face wrinkled like Venetian blinds.\r\n\r\nOut of MGM, Rogue Cop is a better than average venture into film noir territories. Characters are standard fare for such plottings, but the moral quagmire at Kelvaney's core lifts things considerably. Helps also that Kelvaney is a cop with a quip, the script affording the character some hard boiled edges. With Seitz on photography duties, Rowland is able to fill out the pic with usual noir trappings, where shadows and dim lights exude a doom ambiance.\r\n\r\nStoolies Incorporated.\r\n\r\nScenes are staged in noir funky locations such as a penny arcade (scene of the vicious crime that kicks everything off), a race track and of course shimmering streets, the latter of which plays host to the gun laden finale. Colourful characters such as Francis' (excellent) lush moll and Olive Carey's wise old news stand operator (info for sale) add some side-bar female essence to the moody tale. The ending could have been bolder as per outcome, but it sits OK, and since the story has its share of emotional wallops for some of the players, it ultimately ends up as a comfortable recommendation to noir fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35958, 25548, 35418, 51153]}