{"tmdb_id": 300668, "title": "Annihilation", "original_title": "Annihilation", "slug_title": "annihilation", "date": "2018-02-22", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Une biologiste participe \u00e0 une exp\u00e9dition gouvernementale sur le site d\u2019une catastrophe \u00e9cologique pour retrouver la trace de son mari disparu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d3qcpfNwbAMCNqWDHzPQsUYiUgS.jpg", "actors": ["Natalie Portman (Lena)", "Jennifer Jason Leigh (Dr. Ventress)", "Gina Rodriguez (Anya Thorensen)", "Tessa Thompson (Josie Radek)", "Tuva Novotny (Cassie Sheppard)", "Oscar Isaac (Kane)", "Benedict Wong (Lomax)", "Sonoya Mizuno (Katie / Humanoid)", "David Gyasi (Daniel)", "Sammy Hayman (Mayer)", "Josh Danford (Shelley)", "John Schwab (Paramedic)", "Kristen McGarrity (Lena Double)", "Bern Collaco (Scientist (uncredited))", "Kumud Pant (Scientist (uncredited))", "Honey Holmes (Scientist (uncredited))", "Annarie Boor (Scientist (uncredited))", "Mairead Armstrong (Scientist (uncredited))", "Hiten Patel (Scientist (uncredited))", "Miroslav Zaruba (Lab Security (uncredited))", "Cosmo Jarvis (Special Ops Soldier (uncredited))", "Matthew Simpson (Special Ops Soldier (uncredited))", "Daniel Prewitt (Special Ops Soldier (uncredited))", "Kola Bokinni (Peyton (uncredited))", "Odette Michell (Nurse (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Columbusbuck", "content": "What does it look like to inferior human beings when an advanced alien race begins terraforming our planet right out from under us? This. This is what it looks like. 6/10."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Critics are by and large on board with _Annihilation_. Audiences however have been more split. Even the people I know personally are coming out strongly either for or against it. Normally, those are the kind of movies that I find myself feeling in the middle about. You know, the movies that people say \"You either love it or you hate it, there is no middle ground!\"? Yeah, those are the sort of thing I almost always end up giving a five or six out of ten. But with this one? I fall very, very firmly on the side in favour of _Annihilation_. I did **love** it.\r\n\r\nAesthetics is a big part of that, I'm not gonna lie. I'm also digging the chimeric creature design I've seen on Netflix so far this year (in both this and _The Ritual_). But the philosophical stuff is what really does it for me. Annihilation approaches its context in a completely original way, and I for one feel richer for having seen it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "lori007101", "content": "In and of itself, the history of Annihilation is not bad.\r\nIt has a lot of pictures and camera settings. The individual scenes are told leisurely and you take time for each individual setting. It is also noticeable that the figure drawings of every actress, carries a secret that is gradually revealed. This also makes it a bit more exciting for the narrative strand. Alex Garland also understands how to set the special effects to the perfect scene. The effects are very colorful and you can also notice how he is charging the tension. The creatures are very beautiful, although you know that in the next scene you can't trust the beauty. The meaning of life is also a message from Garland. Where we come from and where we go. Unfortunately, Garland sometimes delays the story too much and then waits in vain until Garland comes to the point. Also the actresses are very well selected and you notice that each of the women have a heavy backpack to wear.\r\nConclusion: A quiet and lengthy film about the existence and fate of different women bring mood, but a bit more action you would have already given the movie!"}], "recommandations_id": [384521, 447332, 493922, 333339], "youtube_key": "lHG6I6Ec4yA"}