{"tmdb_id": 300693, "title": "Truth: Le prix de la v\u00e9rit\u00e9", "original_title": "Truth", "slug_title": "truth-le-prix-de-la-verite", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Le film s'attache aux r\u00e9v\u00e9lations faites par Mapes et Rather : les deux journalistes ont en effet diffus\u00e9 un reportage sur un pr\u00e9sident en exercice qui, selon eux, aurait b\u00e9n\u00e9fici\u00e9 d'un traitement de faveur pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 la conscription pendant la guerre du Vietnam. Lorsque la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 \u00e9clate, le scandale qui s'ensuit brise non seulement net la carri\u00e8re de Dan Rather, mais manque \u00e9galement de bouleverser les r\u00e9sultats des \u00e9lections pr\u00e9sidentielles am\u00e9ricaines et de mettre un terme \u00e0 l'existence de CBS News.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nZBCCUxtHAHx2WAFaHZJVsStYAp.jpg", "actors": ["Cate Blanchett (Mary Mapes)", "Robert Redford (Dan Rather)", "Topher Grace (Mike Smith)", "Elisabeth Moss (Lucy Scott)", "Bruce Greenwood (Andrew Heyward)", "Stacy Keach (Lt. Colonel Bill Burkett)", "John Benjamin Hickey (Mark Wrolstad)", "Dermot Mulroney (Lawrence Lanpher)", "Dennis Quaid (Lt. Colonel Roger Charles)", "David Lyons (Josh Howard)", "Rachael Blake (Betsy West)", "Andrew McFarlane (Dick Hibey)", "Natalie Saleeba (Mary Murphy)", "Noni Hazlehurst (Nicki Burkett)", "Connor Burke (Robert Mapes)", "Felix Williamson (Mike Missal)", "Helmut Bakaitis (Dick Thornburgh)", "Lewis Fitz-Gerald (Louis Boccardi)", "Philip Quast (Ben Barnes)", "Zahra Newman (Dana Roberson)", "Elizabeth Nabben (CNN Reporter)", "Matt Ruscic (Burly Security Guard)", "Steve Bastoni (Gil Schwartz)", "Gael Ballantyne (Receptionist)", "Jo Turner (Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt)", "Tim McCunn (Scott Johnson)", "Patrick St. Esprit (Brig. Gen. Buck Staudt)", "Chris Mulkey (Maurice Udell)", "Louis Herthum (Bill Hollowell)", "Rose Riley (Josh Howard's Assistant)", "Christopher Stollery (Reporter Jim Moore)", "Tom O'Sullivan (Newscaster)", "Martin Sacks (Robert Strong)", "Nicholas Hope (Marcel Matley)", "Adam Saunders (Editor Tom)", "Aaron Glenane (Fox News Reporter)", "Brandon McClelland (Lawyer)", "Nancy Denis (Woman in Bakery)", "Eliza Logan (Emily Will)", "Valerie Bader (Mrs. Hodges)", "Gareth Hamilton-Foster (CBS Employee)", "Kirk Baily (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Kate Higgins (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Eddie Frierson (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Mela Lee (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Paul Mercier (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Peter Oldring (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Rick Pasqualone (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Cindy Robinson (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Karen Strassman (Loop Groupers (voice))", "Kirk Thornton (Loop Groupers (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When journalism becomes limbless!**\r\n\r\nA surprisingly good film, you can compare it with the Oscar winner 'Spotlight'. But it was not popular as that one, because it was about the American politics, so seems the world did not care much. However, going down in the domestic market was a very sad. It was directed by the newcomer and he did a wonderful job, even for penning a good screenplay. But it was based on the memoir by Mary Mapes called 'Truth and Duty'.\r\n\r\nIt's a journalism theme, sets in during the months before the 2004 presidential election. It was focused on the CBS's famous news series '60 Minutes Wednesday' where its episodes reveals some of the copy documents how George W. Bush altered them get into the military in the 80s. Soon the producer to the host, everyone who involved in that show receive a backlash. In the remaining parts, it aims to disclose how the claimer decides to fight the issue and would they succeed?\r\n\r\nCate Blanchett was never attracted to me, but I never doubted her performances. So in this, she was amazing and quite physically looked beautiful. One of her great character display, and it should have nominated for the various awards, but I don't understand why it was discarded totally. The other actors too were awesome, Especially Robert Redford was superb as a news anchor. He's a bit old, otherwise I would have expected him to play Don Trump in a movie, maybe a biopic or comedy.\r\n\r\nLike the film revealed what happened to Mapes, I think those invisible and powerful men made this film does not get into the spotlight. But as I've seen, I say it's a must see film of the year, if you're interested in the US and its politics. How the story ends is sad, but I've seen other journalism films that highlights their strength, whereas this one was opposite. I loved the lines Cate delivered at one of the final scenes. I hope you watch it at least after reading my review.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10317, 256924, 9672, 283235]}