{"tmdb_id": 300673, "title": "The Finest Hours", "original_title": "The Finest Hours", "slug_title": "the-finest-hours", "date": "2016-01-25", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Histoire / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Le 18 f\u00e9vrier 1952, une gigantesque temp\u00eate s'abat sur la Nouvelle-Angleterre. Pr\u00e8s des c\u00f4tes de Cape Cod, deux p\u00e9troliers se brisent en deux, ballott\u00e9s par des vagues monstrueuses. Les marins de l'un d'eux, le SS Pendelton, trouvent refuge dans la poupe du navire. Ray Siebert, l'officier m\u00e9canicien, dirige les op\u00e9rations afin de maintenir \u00e0 flot l'\u00e9pave dans l'attente des secours. Pendant ce temps, le capitaine de la garde c\u00f4ti\u00e8re, Bernie Webber, accepte de mener une mission de sauvetage. Avec trois autres volontaires, il quitte le port de Chatham, au Massachusetts, \u00e0 bord d'une embarcation de bois, au moteur d\u00e9faillant. Au p\u00e9ril de leur vie, les quatre hommes affrontent des \u00e9l\u00e9ments d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9s pour rescaper les survivants du SS Pendelton.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5vfRMplGxOzMiJu0FGFCA1ic44Q.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Pine (Bernie Webber)", "Casey Affleck (Ray Sybert)", "Ben Foster (Richard Livesey)", "Eric Bana (Daniel Cluff)", "Holliday Grainger (Miriam Webber)", "John Ortiz (Wallace Quirey)", "Kyle Gallner (Andy Fitzgerald)", "John Magaro (Ervin Maske)", "Graham McTavish (Frank Fauteux)", "Michael Raymond-James (D.A. Brown)", "Beau Knapp (Mel Gouthro)", "Josh Stewart (Tchuda Southerland)", "Abraham Benrubi (George 'Tiny' Myers)", "Keiynan Lonsdale (Eldon Hanan)", "Rachel Brosnahan (Bea Hansen)", "Benjamin Koldyke (Donald Bangs)", "Matthew Maher (Carl Nickerson)", "Jesse Gabbard (Domingo Garcia)", "Alexander Cook (John Stello)", "Danny Connelly (Dave Ryder)", "Angela Hope Smith (Catherine Paine)", "John Franchi (Fisherman at Bar)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A very much acceptable film that inspired by a real event except long pauses and too much ineffective sentiment.\r\n\r\nA disaster drama-thriller based on the true account of the 1952. So much better film than I anticipated. But there are a few things I did not like; like the frequent pauses in the narration where nothing really happens other that space given for the emotional background score to pull the viewers in. In a result, it did not work, definitely not for me. Yeah, in the many important scenes, it froze like it happens in the chess games before anybody move their pawn.\r\n\r\nIn the crucial part of the narration, when the boat was overcrowded, there was an unnecessary pause which annoyed me. It was surely a remarkable segment of the story, but sentimentally failed to appeal or maybe you can call it a too much of the sentiment. Honestly, I liked the story, but the film exceeded its runtime to slow down the portrayal of the event which is surely a drawback than any kind of benefit.\r\n\r\nI loved the performances, everybody was good and so the CGI, which was not a top notch yet acceptable. Especially as it takes place in the dark time, they had the advantage to depict the atmosphere as much as close to how it would have looked 65 years ago and as well to avoid the errors.\r\n\r\nI never saw its trailer or the teaser, but I knew about this project and after seeing its posters I though it would be about the offshore oil rig. When I saw the film, I realised I was wrong and surprise do such thing happen in real.\r\n\r\nThe film was also did not let my interest fall. Thanks to the director who always try different genre yet he's not a mega budget filmmaker. A good film, but like I said should have been even better. Especially should have out classed in the sentimental segments. I don't know how good was the digital 3D version of it, but still this regular version is worth to give it a shot.\r\n\r\n7\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "StbMDB", "content": "First and foremost this film reminds me of Hacksaw Ridge, second and no less important it's just as good as the afore mentioned film in the sense that the main character is just as law-bound as the religious lad in Hacksaw going about his day saving people's lives in the middle of a hurricane, ergo in The Finest Hour's case while on sea - with a life-guard boat, just as feature-some as the soldier saving soldiers in the middle of a war without shooting a f#cking gun!\r\n\r\nAnd, supposedly, this happened in real life! #OhLordy that was a good watch."}], "recommandations_id": [300671, 302156, 205775, 296524], "youtube_key": "BQmllwTKtqU"}