{"tmdb_id": 301339, "title": "Coming Through the Rye", "original_title": "Coming Through the Rye", "slug_title": "coming-through-the-rye", "date": "2016-10-13", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Coming Through the Rye, set in 1969, is a touching coming of age story of sensitive, 16 year old Jamie Schwartz, who is not the most popular kid at his all boys' boarding school. Disconnected from students and teachers, he believes he is destined to play Holden Caulfield, the main character of The Catcher in the Rye, and has adapted the book as a play.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cm5ALGBwcYv4k3wgoEhg1WtcXkF.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Wolff (Jamie Schwartz)", "Stefania LaVie Owen (Deedee)", "Chris Cooper (J.D. Salinger)", "Zephyr Benson (Gerry Schwartz)", "Adrian Pasdar (Mr. Tierney)", "Caleb Emery (Billy Campbell)", "Eric Nelsen (Ted Tyler)", "Amy Parrish (Robin)", "Michael Siberry (Mr. Dewitt)", "Kabby Borders (Maureen)", "Melissa Lozoff (Dot)", "Lucia Scarano (Mrs. Schwartz)", "Ed Pilkington (Professor Goebbers)", "Joshua Brady (Young Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Finding the reclusive author of \u201cCatcher in the Rye\u201d in 1969*** \r\n\r\nIn 1969 a persecuted prep school student in Pennsylvania (Alex Wolff) runs away to find the author of \u201cCatcher in the Rye\u201d in the hills of New Hampshire to get his permission to produce a play based on his classic novel. Stefania LaVie Owen is on hand as the girl from a nearby school whom he travels with while Chris Cooper plays the curmudgeonly recluse J.D. Salinger.\r\n\r\n\"Coming through the Rye\" (2015) is a coming-of-age drama based on a true story. Being set in an all-male boarding school with sequences involving a female school, you can\u2019t help but compare it with \u201cDead Poets Society\u201d (1989). While it\u2019s not great like that movie, it\u2019s quite good. They\u2019re really not that similar in the first place because \u201cComing through the Rye\u201d is just as much of a road movie as it is a historical boarding school flick.\r\n\r\nWolff is good as the likable & sympathetic protagonist while Stefania is a winsome cutie. The story takes off when the two team-up in the second act. Their honest relationship is the core of the tale with the boy\u2019s possible interactions with the author playing a secondary role.\r\n\r\nSomeone called the movie \u201cphony\u201d because Salinger\u2019s classic book looked \"down upon those who refuse to accept life as anything other than miserable and unforgiving. Its sincerity is guided by distrust in others and it spits in the face of affection and benevolence.\" Gee, ya think that might be why Salinger is depicted as an antisocial curmudgeon in the movie? Besides, it can\u2019t be too phony if the events are based on a true story with 90% accuracy according to writer/director James Steven Sadwith.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 37 minutes and was shot in Orange County, Virginia. Speaking of which, the gorgeous Eastern locations are a huge plus.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [317945, 270648, 314672, 311690], "youtube_key": "8TDZunxXQ1o"}