{"tmdb_id": 301325, "title": "#Horror", "original_title": "#Horror", "slug_title": "horror", "date": "2015-11-20", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de jeunes filles dune douzaine d'ann\u00e9es passe une fin d'apr\u00e8s-midi ensemble dans la maison de la richissime m\u00e8re de l'une d'entre elles (Chlo\u00e9 Sevigny). Obs\u00e9d\u00e9es par leur smartphone, postant des photos en rafale sur Instagram et compagnie, elles se laissent aller \u00e0 des comportements de harc\u00e8lement par r\u00e9seau social interpos\u00e9. Jusqu'\u00e0 ce que Sofia (Hayley Murphy), la plus garce, expulse Sam (Sadie Seelert) hors de la maison.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/48zZhMQ7HABuHrgQL1dD4CipywF.jpg", "actors": ["Chlo\u00eb Sevigny (Alex Cox)", "Timothy Hutton (Dr. White)", "Natasha Lyonne (Emma)", "Balthazar Getty (Harry Cox)", "Taryn Manning (Gloria)", "Stella Schnabel (Jamie)", "Sadie Seelert (Sam)", "Haley Murphy (Cat White)", "Bridget McGarry (Sofia Cox)", "Blue Lindeberg (Ava)", "Mina Sundwall (Francesca)", "Emma Adler (Georgie)", "Annabelle Dexter-Jones (Molly)", "Lydia Hearst (Lisa)", "Sadie Jensen-Blank (Sylvia)", "Tara Subkoff (Tatiana (voice))", "Jessica Blank (Mom)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "skyezero", "content": "This could easy rate as one of the biggest piles of cowshit I have ever seen in my entire life. Saying this consider Chlo\u00eb Sevigny is in this is quite the statement as she\u2019s one of my favourite actresses of all time. In her defence - she gave as much to her role as possible and it didn\u2019t really set her up with a fighting chance.\r\nThe movie starts with Chlo\u00eb Sevigny\u2019s husband cheating on her so I instantly hate this film as who the fuck would cheat on her?! Answer is nobody, not one person who is deemed as sane, ever. Her part is minor in this unfortunately for my eyes and the purpose of distracting me from how dire the movie is. \r\n\r\nThe film is focusing on a group of bratty 12 year olds who you immediately hate and want to die. Within 5 minutes I was praying for some machete yielding manic to come and hack them all to pieces - don\u2019t judge me for saying that until you\u2019ve watched this the entire way through. They\u2019re all bullying eachother with obvious insults such as the fat girls weight, such imagination. They\u2019re having a sleepover and the one who\u2019s invited the new girl they talk about as though she\u2019s a saint but as the movie progresses she\u2019s actually bat shit insane and don\u2019t recall her saying one nice word so not quite sure what happened with that slight deviation of the character traits. The Mother (blessed Chlo\u00eb) leaves them with free reign of the huge house, alcohol collection and her millions of pounds worth of jewellery to try on. The maid has disappeared to god knows where and apparently nobody thought to keep her in for when the group of 12 year olds are going to be flying solo. At one point and I shit you not they\u2019re all posing with a gun and uploaded it to Facebook like #lookatme diediediediediediedie.\r\n\r\nThey all decided to stick to bullying two of the girls and tell one she has to leave. The rest act as though they\u2019re terrified of this notion for some reason but she eventually runs into the local woods and thank fuck as she was getting on my tits. Her Dad is screening her calls which I completely understand as if that thing belonged to me I would be doing exactly the same if she tried to contact me. \u201cI can\u2019t even see right now wahhhhh\u201d Shut up it\u2019s fucking daylight you ridiculous little gonk.\r\nAs the 12 year olds are getting white girl wasted, lost girls Daddy comes and has a complete melt down which isn\u2019t scary in the slightest it just makes you raise your eyebrows a bit as to how bad is this actually going to get, absent mindedly moving the mouse to see how long is left of this garbage. It\u2019s impressive how many times \u201cyou should go and kill yourself\u201d is said. One time is actually from wandering brats Father to the children inside the house. Again, sort of agree. \r\nThere\u2019s some art on the wall which the camera moves to a few times which looks like Marilyn Monroe with an egg replacing her face and when the camera is on that, the yolk rotates. I have no idea what the relevance of this is. \r\nI DON\u2019\u2019T UNDERSTAND THE RELEVANCE OF THE ENTIRE FUCKING MOVIE.\r\nBAD.\r\n2/10 - one for Chlo\u00eb Sevigny and one for Natasha Lyonne featuring a small part."}], "recommandations_id": [231082, 322163, 207263, 258255]}