{"tmdb_id": 301608, "title": "Le casse", "original_title": "The Trust", "slug_title": "le-casse", "date": "2016-04-29", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Deux policiers v\u00e9reux d\u00e9couvrent un coffre \u00e9trangement cach\u00e9 et gard\u00e9. Son contenu va les entra\u00eener dans un enfer de corruption et de double-jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/leh0cI5mnwJbDm9EL5IGglDkBxk.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Jim Stone)", "Elijah Wood (David Waters)", "Jerry Lewis (Jim's Father)", "Kevin Weisman (Roy)", "Steven Williams (Cliff)", "Sky Ferreira (Woman)", "Kenna James (Captain Harris)", "Ethan Suplee (Detective)", "Eric Heister (Big Irish Guy)", "Alexandria Lee (Nina)", "Carl Windom Carlito (Drug Dealer)", "Lisa Mack (Records Clerk)", "Marc D. Donovan (Video Assistant)", "Erica Vanlee (Prostitute #1)", "Tommie Vegas (Prostitute #2)", "Christie Beran (Waitress at Diner)", "Jeff Manning (Auctioneer)", "Ronnie Thurmand Jr (Police Courier)", "Jeff Howard (Mechanic)", "Keston John (Bobo)", "Reagan Pfifer (Evidence Technician)", "Ashley Campbell (Cute Evidence Technician)", "Joe Palubinsky (Supervising Officer)", "Jay Hieron (Man in Armoire)", "Vanessa Christelle (Pretty Hotel Worker)", "Paul Vato (Spanish Laundry Worker)", "Xin Yi Gan (Bakery Girl Translator)", "Jiaming Zhang (Bakery Owner)", "Marcus Weiss (German Employee)", "James D. Smith Jr. (German Machinist)", "Lisa Gardner (Handjob Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> About trusting a prankster for a risky job.\r\n\r\nIt was so much better than I anticipated, but the end ruined my party. It was the right time I saw it, because I haven't seen any heist films recently. It was not like any genuine heist theme, but still I kind of enjoyed it for being a slightly different, especially the first two acts. It is about the two cops, actually they're part of the police department, but from a different division. When they discover a huge illegal money belonging to a cartel gang after going through the police file, they plan to hit it and disappear forever. But as the title indicates, the trust is what lacks between them. In the third act, the pace picks up rapidly and brings a twist in the tale before the credits begin to roll.\r\n\r\nTwo wonderful main characters with a decent story, but I don't know about the cast. I kind of felt there was a vast age gap between them, like an old man teaming up with a teenager. Obviously worst chemistry, but that's the point, if you understand the title very well. Both the characters were completely opposite, like one was a very confident person, but a prankster and the other guy were a hopeless, but serious about everything. Just like a wolf and a sheep together planning to rob a farmer. When it was going good, like I said the conclusion spoilt the overall product. Other than that it is an okay film.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [334527, 262982, 359412, 243935], "youtube_key": "TLspHA8m6Ac"}