{"tmdb_id": 3022, "title": "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", "original_title": "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", "slug_title": "dr-jekyll-and-mr-hyde", "date": "1941-08-12", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Henry Jekyll, jeune et brillant m\u00e9decin, est fianc\u00e9 \u00e0 la jolie Beatrix Emery. Ses recherches sur la dualit\u00e9 du Bien et du Mal chez l\u2019homme et son d\u00e9sir de dissocier ces tendances l\u2019accaparent compl\u00e8tement. Ses th\u00e9ories ne font pas l\u2019unanimit\u00e9 aupr\u00e8s de ses confr\u00e8res plus conservateurs. Le p\u00e8re de Beatrix, Sir Charles Emery, m\u00e9content du non-conformisme de Jekyll et de son impatience \u00e0 \u00e9pouser sa fille d\u00e9cide d\u2019\u00e9loigner celle-ci pendant un temps, afin d\u2019\u00e9prouver leur attachement. Un soir, Jekyll accompagn\u00e9 de son ami, le docteur John Lanyon, sauve d\u2019une agression la belle Ivy Peterson, une serveuse de bar, et la raccompagne chez elle. Reconnaissante, elle fait des avances \u00e0 un Jekyll profond\u00e9ment troubl\u00e9. Apr\u00e8s de longues recherches clo\u00eetr\u00e9 dans son laboratoire, Jekyll se d\u00e9cide \u00e0 exp\u00e9rimenter sur lui-m\u00eame un breuvage qu\u2019il a mis au point. Il sombre alors dans un \u00e9tat semi-conscient et se transforme en une cr\u00e9ature mal\u00e9fique qu\u2019il baptisera Mister Hyde...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zxKWXfErKnvaPOwtqlN4gu9eX84.jpg", "actors": ["Spencer Tracy (Dr. Henry 'Harry' Jekyll / Mr. Hyde)", "Ingrid Bergman (Ivy Peterson)", "Lana Turner (Beatrix 'Bea' Emery)", "Donald Crisp (Sir Charles Emery)", "Ian Hunter (Dr. John Lanyon)", "Barton MacLane (Sam Higgins)", "C. Aubrey Smith (The Bishop)", "Peter Godfrey (Poole)", "Sara Allgood (Mrs. Higgins)", "Frederick Worlock (Dr. Heath)", "William Tannen (Intern Fenwick)", "Frances Robinson (Marcia)", "Denis Greene (Freddie)", "Billy Bevan (Mr. Weller)", "Forrester Harvey (Old Prouty)", "Lumsden Hare (Colonel Weymouth)", "Lawrence Grant (Dr. Courtland)", "John Barclay (Constable)", "Hillary Brooke (Mrs. Arnold (uncredited))", "Alec Craig (Tripped Waiter (uncredited))", "Brandon Hurst (Dr. Lanyon's Butler Briggs (uncredited))", "Olaf Hytten (Hobson (uncredited))", "Colin Kenny (Constable (uncredited))", "Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Marley (uncredited))", "Aubrey Mather (Inspector (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The World is yours, my darling, but the moment is mine!\r\n\r\nDr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is directed by Victor Fleming and collectively adapted from the Robert Louis Stevenson story by John Lee Mahin, Percy Heath and Samuel Hoffenstein. It stars Spencer Tracy, Ingrid Bergman and Lana Turner. Music is by Franz Waxman and cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg.\r\n\r\nA remake of the 1931 Rouben Mamoulian/Fredric March version, this follows the same course of action that sees Tracy as the dual title characters. After having developed a potion that will ultimately bring out his evil half \u2013 it proves to not be good for anybody really!\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s the story itself, along with the awesome period setting of a foggy lamplighted Victorian England that stops this from sinking below average \u2013 though it does come close in the middle section. It\u2019s just an odd fit, from the daft casting of Tracy and Bergman in the key roles, to the Hollywood Hayes Office compliant smoothness of the material, it becomes almost impossible to take seriously. Then there is a run time of nearly two hours, most of which is to bump up Bergman\u2019s screen time, which while acknowledging her greatness as an actress, it\u2019s just wrong across the board for her here. While alongside her Turner is sadly under written and Tracy\u2019s take on Hyde lacks vim and vigour.\r\n\r\nSince a certain Mr. Freud had become in vogue there\u2019s some interesting dream imagery and dissolves sequences, most of which ares bursting with sexual subtext. These moments are superb, but they do not form the backbone of our troubled protagonists, it\u2019s a complete missed opportunity that renders the film as safe and glossy. This is an attempt at horror but without the horror, either visually, thematically or literary, a ripened banana skin of a pic with action missing in action. Yet it is not a desperately bad film, the film making craft on show is top dollar, notably when Ruttenberg is on duty, and it\u2019s a little sensual - though this is kind of tempered by the thought of domestic abuse as a constant threat in our real world.\r\n\r\nThe 41 version has fans, I\u2019m just not one of them and readily prefer the monstrously potent 31 version. If you haven\u2019t seen it then it\u2019s definitely worth a look, but much of the criticism it has received over the years is in my book very much warranted. 5/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The World is yours, my darling, but the moment is mine!\r\n\r\nDr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is directed by Victor Fleming and collectively adapted from the Robert Louis Stevenson story by John Lee Mahin, Percy Heath and Samuel Hoffenstein. It stars Spencer Tracy, Ingrid Bergman and Lana Turner. Music is by Franz Waxman and cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg.\r\n\r\nA remake of the 1931 Rouben Mamoulian/Fredric March version, this follows the same course of action that sees Tracy as the dual title characters. After having developed a potion that will ultimately bring out his evil half - it proves to not be good for anybody really!\r\n\r\nIt's the story itself, along with the awesome period setting of a foggy lamplighted Victorian England that stops this from sinking below average - though it does come close in the middle section. It's just an odd fit, from the daft casting of Tracy and Bergman in the key roles, to the Hollywood Hayes Office compliant smoothness of the material, it becomes almost impossible to take seriously. Then there is a run time of nearly two hours, most of which is to bump up Bergman's screen time, which while acknowledging her greatness as an actress, it's just wrong across the board for her here. While alongside her Turner is sadly under written and Tracy's take on Hyde lacks vim and vigour.\r\n\r\nSince a certain Mr. Freud had become in vogue there's some interesting dream imagery and dissolves sequences, most of which are bursting with sexual subtext. These moments are superb, but they do not form the backbone of our troubled protagonists, it's a complete missed opportunity that renders the film as safe and glossy. This is an attempt at horror but without the horror, either visually, thematically or literary, a ripened banana skin of a pic with action missing in action. Yet it is not a desperately bad film, the film making craft on show is top dollar, notably when Ruttenberg is on duty, and it's a little sensual - though this is kind of tempered by the thought of domestic abuse as a constant threat in our real world.\r\n\r\nThe 41 version has fans, I'm just not one of them and readily prefer the monstrously potent 31 version. If you haven't seen it then it's definitely worth a look, but much of the criticism it has received over the years is in my book very much warranted. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3019, 28261, 5620, 28501]}