{"tmdb_id": 302369, "title": "Eine Frau ohne Bedeutung", "original_title": "Eine Frau ohne Bedeutung", "slug_title": "eine-frau-ohne-bedeutung", "date": "1936-10-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Sylvia, the daughter of the pastor Kelvil, is lectrice to Lady Patricia and gets to know the young Lord Harford.  They love one another, but their class differences forbid marriage.  There's a sharp argument with the father, who afterwards wants to send the young lord abroad.  Then Sylvia is offered money to disappear, unaware that she's already pregnant.  18 years later:  Sylvia raised her son on her own as best she could.  He is now known as Lord Harford, who, besides having the title Lord Illingworth, also has inherited his father's total estate and has now returned from India.  Unaware of their identities, the father and son get to know one another; get into a fight; and the young man challenges the father to a duel.  In order to prevent that from happening, the mother must now tell each of them the truth about their identities.  The film is based on the theatre piece of the same name by Oscar Wilde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3dzJFVfzQKg3cADguc05i4DMaaq.jpg", "actors": ["Gustaf Gr\u00fcndgens (Lord George Illingworth)", "Marianne Hoppe (Hester)", "K\u00e4the Dorsch (Sylvia Kelvil)", "Paul Henckels (Lord Hunstaton)", "K\u00e4the Haack (Lady Hunstaton)", "Friedrich Kayssler (Pfarrer Kelvil)", "Hans Leibelt (Lord Illingworth sen.)", "Genia Nikolaieva (Mrs. Allonwy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}