{"tmdb_id": 302699, "title": "Agents Presque Secrets", "original_title": "Central Intelligence", "slug_title": "agents-presque-secrets", "date": "2016-06-15", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un comptable est projet\u00e9 malgr\u00e9 lui dans l'univers de l'espionnage international apr\u00e8s avoir repris contact avec un ancien ami par Facebook.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zTnWasZ6P1yn6pXbxzYEf5hq5zA.jpg", "actors": ["Dwayne Johnson (Bob Stone)", "Kevin Hart (Calvin Joyner)", "Amy Ryan (Pamela Harris)", "Aaron Paul (Phil)", "Danielle Nicolet (Maggie)", "Ryan Hansen (Steve)", "Timothy John Smith (Agent Nick Cooper)", "Megan Park (Waitress)", "Thomas Kretschmann (The Buyer)", "Jason Bateman (Trevor)", "Melissa McCarthy (Darla (uncredited))", "Kumail Nanjiani (Jared the Airport Security Guard)", "Brett Azar (Agent Wally (uncredited))", "Slaine (Thugged Out)", "Anthony Molinari (Agent Lio)", "Tim Griffin (Agent Stan Mitchell)", "Arthur Hiou (Bar Patron (uncredited))", "Joseph Oliveira (School Teacher (uncredited))", "Allan Poppleton (Larry)", "Rawson Marshall Thurber (Handsome Pants-Catcher)", "Dylan Boyack (Trevor - 17 Years Old)", "Guy Nardulli (Larry (voice) (uncredited))", "Sione Kelepi (Young Robbie)", "Annie Kerins (Lady MC)", "Nate Richman (Big Bro)", "Robert Woo (Ethan)", "Phil Reeves (Principal Kent)", "David Stassen (Randy's Husband)", "Rickey Brown (Flunkie)", "Kyle Washburn (Flunkie #2)", "Michael Patrick Kane (Driver)", "Sarah K. Thurber (Beautiful Restaurant Woman)", "Lawrence Koplin (Dashing Restaurant Man)", "Mikaela Happas (High School Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Twenty years is a big gap for a big change to happen in anybody's life.**\r\n\r\nThis film had the potential to be the best comedy of the year, it opened so well, but did not conclude on high. Like everything suddenly halted, the story came to an end with giving clich\u00e9d reason. Though the actors were amazing, and many jokes were awesome. The lead two combination was among the best Kevin Hart worked so far like in the recently with Ice Cube and Will Ferrell.\r\n\r\nThe opening scenes set off the tone for the rest of the film. Twenty years later, an adventure begins, but that part was so familiar, except the influence of the opening part that carried till the final scene. Even though slightly unpredictable scenes, because the diversions were neatly done against what viewers could expect. The focus was largely on the lead pair, so theirs undertaking was kind of faded away.\r\n\r\nThere's a guest role at the end, also some behind the scene clips during the end credit cheers us. I think it is a good comedy than it looks, but definitely not the best. Its not the narration, but the actors that makes worth a watch. The stunt sequences were just okay, but utilised according to what the story required. Overall, an enjoyable, time pass film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [323675, 274167, 168530, 308531]}