{"tmdb_id": 302828, "title": "Against the Sun", "original_title": "Against the Sun", "slug_title": "against-the-sun", "date": "2014-11-22", "genre": ["Guerre / Aventure / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "A WWII pilot, bombardier, and radioman find themselves adrift on a lifeboat without food or water after being forced to ditch their plane during a scouting mission.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5QTdkyxsgOw276K87Pt7RhpN2vE.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Felton (Tony Pastula)", "Garret Dillahunt (Harold Dixon)", "Jake Abel (Gene Aldrich)", "Nadia Parra (Frances)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Yes, another castaway film, but not a bad one either.\r\n\r\nA castaway film based on the true event of the US navy airmen who crash landed their plane and lost in the sea during the WWII. The story is set when the US response to the Pearl Harbor attack was underway. But three men are unfortunate to end at a vast pacific ocean. The film tells their survival story without food, water and medical attention until they plan to sail to the nearest island.\r\n\r\nThere are many awesome films were in the recent times with this theme, so it looks like people are already tired of it. But I enjoyed it, I never get bored of listening to the true adventure stories like this. You know it is a low budget film with a minimal cast, but production quality was excellent. The amazing effort by all the three, especially towards the final act with their diet to match with the real event.\r\n\r\nDraco Malfoy, the bad boy from the 'Harry Potter' film series was very interesting. I never noticed him as close as in this one, because he never did a big role until now. So I hope he makes some fine roles in his future projects.\r\n\r\nIn the B movies, this is really a top notch product. There are only minor flaws, and the scenes repeated from other similar films, because these things are very common in the castaway situation. So you can't blame the film for being so cliche, but you can try to appreciate the attempt.\r\n\r\nBy the way, it's got a small twist at the end. It was the editing magic, otherwise if the story was told in a straight line from the beginning to the end, there would have been nothing but a usual tale. Now, do you think I would recommend it to you, definitely I do.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [59419, 287233, 192210, 174378], "youtube_key": "Dhd4cmquoSc"}