{"tmdb_id": 302946, "title": "Mr Wolff", "original_title": "The Accountant", "slug_title": "mr-wolff", "date": "2016-10-13", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Petit g\u00e9nie des math\u00e9matiques, Christian Wolff  est plus \u00e0 l'aise avec les chiffres qu'avec les gens. Expert-comptable dans le civil, il travaille en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 pour plusieurs organisations mafieuses parmi les plus dangereuses au monde. Lorsque la brigade anti-criminalit\u00e9 du minist\u00e8re des Finances s'int\u00e9resse d'un peu trop pr\u00e8s \u00e0 ses affaires, Christian cherche \u00e0 faire diversion : il accepte de v\u00e9rifier les comptes d'une entreprise de robotique ayant pignon sur rue. Probl\u00e8me : la comptable de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 a d\u00e9cel\u00e9 un d\u00e9tournement de fonds de plusieurs millions de dollars. Tandis que Christian \u00e9pluche les comptes et d\u00e9couvre les rouages de l'escroquerie, les cadavres s'accumulent\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/afhAUuWVB7k7PjJUd4lwO3rzhSq.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Chris Wolff)", "Anna Kendrick (Dana Cummings)", "J.K. Simmons (Ray King)", "Jon Bernthal (Braxton)", "Cynthia Addai-Robinson (Marybeth Medina)", "John Lithgow (Lamar Black)", "Jeffrey Tambor (Francis Silverberg)", "Jean Smart (Rita Blackburn)", "Andy Umberger (Ed Chilton)", "Alison Wright (Justine)", "Daeg Faerch (French Bully (voice))", "Inder Kumar (Prisoner #64)", "Michael Beasley (FBI in Charge)", "Seth Lee (Young Chris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Jeff_34", "content": "**Surprisingly decent**\r\n\r\nIMHO Ben Affleck has the ability to stink up the screen and has done so on a number of occasions, thankfully this was not one of them.  The premise was good, the characters interesting and the action worked within the story. None of it felt forced which was a nice surprise. Worth a one time watch. ;)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**He's not the same man inside out!**\r\n\r\nThe film was powerful, one of the best of the year I have seen. From the director of 'Warrior'. The story of a freelance accountant who was hired by a company to find the financial frauds. But when he's on the verge to uncover the names, the company rolls back over one of its member's death in the following day. It does not stop there, the life threat tails him and all who were involved with him. Now the film reveals his real identity going back to disclose his childhood days, like how he grew up. In the meantime, he has to find those people who are after him before they do and so with a twist the film comes to an end.\r\n\r\nComing from a DC film, now Ben Affleck proved he can be like any other top actors from the industry. His physique was great for the role he played. Thanks to Batman role. This is like his version of 'John Wick' or 'Jack Reacher'. Definitely we can expect a sequel here. Anna Kedrick was great in the recent time with all her films, particularly the box office wise. In this she did not get bigger role, but one of the main and in the follow-up, she might get more opportunity. The film was almost perfect for a crime-thriller. Especially the characters make the finest film of its kind. An outstanding film, so recommended for those who seek entertainment fullest.\r\n\r\n_9/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [343611, 308266, 296524, 324668], "youtube_key": "aNGhnNMSopI"}