{"tmdb_id": 30308, "title": "Des filles disparaissent", "original_title": "Lured", "slug_title": "des-filles-disparaissent", "date": "1947-08-28", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Parce qu'elles r\u00e9pondent \u00e0 de s\u00e9duisantes annonces, de jeunes Londoniennes disparaissent myst\u00e9rieusement. Malgr\u00e9 les avertissements de son amie Sandra, Lucy r\u00e9pond \u00e0 une annonce et dispara\u00eet \u00e0 jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/28wBAiMWd1mUhtokIUfhccyX7JW.jpg", "actors": ["George Sanders (Robert Fleming)", "Lucille Ball (Sandra Carpenter)", "Charles Coburn (Inspector Harley Temple)", "Boris Karloff (Charles van Druten)", "Cedric Hardwicke (Julian Wilde)", "Joseph Calleia (Dr. Nicholas Moryani)", "Alan Mowbray (Lyle Maxwell)", "George Zucco (Officer H.R. Barrett)", "Robert Coote (Officer Barret)", "Alan Napier (Detective Gordon)", "Tanis Chandler (Lucy Barnard)", "Jimmy Aubrey (Nelson)", "Cyril Delevanti (Medical Examiner)", "Lynn Baggett (Robert's Rejected Girlfriend (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Poet Killer Believed To Be At Bay!  \r\n\r\nLured (AKA: Personal Column) is directed by Douglas Sirk and collectively written by Leo Rosten, Jacques Compan\u00e9ez, Simon Gantillon and Ernst Neubach. It stars Lucille Ball, George Sanders, Charles Coburn, Cedric Hardwicke, Joseph Calleia and Boris Karloff. Music is by Michel Michelet and cinematography by William H. Daniels.\r\n\r\nA serial killer in London is murdering young women whom he meets through the personal columns section of the newspaper. Taunting the police with cryptic poems, the killer is proving most illusive, so much so that when a friend of dancer Sandra Carpenter (Ball) disappears, the police enlist her to act as bait to lure the killer in.\r\n\r\nThere's a lot to like about Lured, on proviso you have your expectation level correctly set as to what sort of film it is. It's a very uneven movie in tone, which when one sees that there were four writing contributors involved in bringing it to the screen, perhaps comes as no surprise. A remake of Robert Siodmak's 1939 film Pi\u00e8ges (set in Paris), it is never sure if it wants to be a comedy mystery or a dark brooding thriller. A shame because in spite of it being a set bound production, Sirk and Daniels create a sinister visual mood when the story lurks around the constructed London sets.\r\n\r\nThe cast are ever watchable, though you can see Ball struggling to rein in her natural comedic bent during the more dramatic sequences, but she leads off from the front and looks positively lovely and radiant. Karloff fans get a fun extended cameo, with the great Uncle Boris playing up to a caricature of unstable characters he could do in his sleep, Sanders is suitably stand-offish, Coburn ebullient, while Hardwicke and Calleia add a touch of class to the support ranks.\r\n\r\nMichelet's musical score is in keeping with the mixed tonal flow of the picture, in fact sometimes sounding like it should be in a screwball movie from decades previously, but with competent professionalism coming elsewhere from Sirk, Daniels and the lead cast members, it's an enjoyable movie. Even if it's all a bit too jolly and nonchalant for its own good at times. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 36814, 142148, 26530], "youtube_key": "1IlbW2LCue0"}