{"tmdb_id": 3031, "title": "L'\u00eele du docteur Moreau", "original_title": "Island of Lost Souls", "slug_title": "l-ile-du-docteur-moreau", "date": "1932-12-01", "genre": "Aventure / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Sur une \u00eele perdue du Pacifique, le docteur Moreau cr\u00e9\u00e9 des hybrides d'animaux et d'humains.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g7K7r1FojQC52YHxfmuXgwYBq5Q.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Laughton (Dr. Moreau)", "Richard Arlen (Edward Parker)", "Leila Hyams (Ruth Thomas)", "Arthur Hohl (Montgomery)", "Kathleen Burke (Panther Woman)", "Stanley Fields (Capt. Davies)", "Paul Hurst (Capt. Donahue)", "Bela Lugosi (Sayer)", "Hans Steinke (Ouran)", "Tetsu Komai (M`ling)", "George Irving (Consul)", "John George (Beast (uncredited))", "Constantine Romanoff (Beast (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We are Devo!\r\n\r\nThere's an island somewhere out there in the goddamn foggy laden deep blue sea. Here resides Dr. Moreau (Charles Laughton), he has a God complex and he is conducting experiments, turning animals into humans. Unsurprisingly and terrifyingly the results are not exactly a success! \r\n\r\nTod Browning's Freaks was released this same year, and when watching Erle C. Kenton's Island of Lost Souls, it makes for the perfect companion piece. Full of haunting imagery, aided no end by cinematographer Karl Struss' stunning photography, it's a film that stays with you long after the end credits have rolled. Berserker science marries up to human chaos to provoke and trouble in equal measure. Laughton gives top villainy, whilst Waldemar Young and and Philip Wylie adapt from the H.G. Wells novel with a cheeky glint in their eyes. The 1930s had some great horror movies, this is up with the best of them. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24106, 31592, 28261, 3019]}