{"tmdb_id": 303240, "title": "Buck Denver Asks: What's in the Bible? Volume 4 - Battle for the Promised Land", "original_title": "Buck Denver Asks: What's in the Bible? Volume 4 - Battle for the Promised Land", "slug_title": "buck-denver-asks-what-s-in-the-bible-volume-4-battle-for-the-promised-land", "date": "2012-01-03", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the book of Joshua, the Israelites finally make it to the land God promised to them, but their excitement is short lived. It turns out that making themselves at home in Canaan isn\u2019t as easy as just crossing the Jordan River. There are people already living in the Promised Land, and the Israelites have to fight for what\u2019s theirs, including the famous battle of Jericho. Battle for the Promised Land [Joshua, Judges &amp; Ruth] tells the stories of the Israelites after they get what they\u2019ve wanted for so long. Sure, they\u2019re settled in the Promised Land now, but God\u2019s people keep turning away from the One who gave them this new home. To point the people back to Him, God sends 12 judges, including Deborah and Samson. And there are other key players, too. The book of Ruth highlights a very special love story about a brave woman who keeps her word, following her mother-in-law to a new land where she finds a new life that will make her the future great-grandmother of King David.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eiFYJOXZUIJ5iCDEtOE0lfe0ehj.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}