{"tmdb_id": 303241, "title": "Buck Denver Asks: What's in the Bible? Volume 5 - Israel Gets a King", "original_title": "Buck Denver Asks: What's in the Bible? Volume 5 - Israel Gets a King", "slug_title": "buck-denver-asks-what-s-in-the-bible-volume-5-israel-gets-a-king", "date": "2012-01-03", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "After years of fighting in the Promised Land, the people of Israel ask God again and again for a king to help them in battle. God answers, giving them three kings in a row \u2013 Saul, David, and Solomon. In Israel Gets a King! [1 &amp; 2 Samuel], Saul is chosen first first. He is big and strong, but he doesn\u2019t always listen to God, so it\u2019s time to pick a new king \u2013 a boy named David, who defeats the Philistine giant Goliath. Even though David messes up sometimes \u2013 like when he makes someone else\u2019s wife his own \u2013 God loves David and makes him a special promise, the Davidic Covenant. When David dies, it\u2019s time to welcome another new king. This time, David\u2019s son Solomon takes the throne and, in a smart move, asks God for wisdom. Solomon\u2019s wisdom becomes known throughout the world, and he builds an amazing temple for the Lord. But when he builds a palace for himself that\u2019s even bigger, it turns out to be an unwise move, and Israel is in trouble again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iScUeJqaEoRFMn7DVa1i2EYi44W.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}