{"tmdb_id": 303376, "title": "Ek Nai Paheli", "original_title": "Ek Nai Paheli", "slug_title": "ek-nai-paheli", "date": "1984-06-29", "genre": ["Romance / Familial / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Ek Nai Paheli is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander, starring Kamal Haasan, Raaj Kumar, Hema Malini, Padmini Kohlapure and Suresh Oberoi. Ek Nai Paheli is an emotional family drama on unusual relationship. The movie is a remake of the Tamil classic Apoorva Raagangal directed by K. Balachander, incidentally called the shots for Hindi version too. Upendranath, a widower lives a wealthy life and his only son, Sandeep is a headstrong and stubborn young man. He leaves his dad's house to make his own life. He meets a beautiful older woman Bhairavi who is a singer. Both Bhairavi and Sandeep fall in love with each other and decide to marry, but a man, Avinash now arrives and claims as the husband of Bhairavi, moreover he meets Sandeep as well and tells his story. He also speak about their daughter, Kajri. Climax reveals that, Kajri lives with the much older Upendranath and plan to marry as well. What would be the fate of Bhairavi, Sandeep and Avinash??", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Kamal Haasan (Sandeep)", "Hema Malini (M.K. Bhairavi)", "Raaj Kumar (Upendranath)", "Padmini Kolhapure (Kajri)", "Suresh Oberoi (Avinash)", "Mehmood (Dr. Suri)", "C.S. Dubey (Dubey - Upendranath's friend)", "Asha Sachdev (Jeet Kumari)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "n5o4iiLo0zc"}