{"tmdb_id": 30347, "title": "Jesse Stone 3: Meurtre \u00e0 Paradise", "original_title": "Jesse Stone: Death in Paradise", "slug_title": "jesse-stone-3-meurtre-a-paradise", "date": "2006-04-30", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Le corps d'une adolescente est trouv\u00e9 flottant dans un lac. Jesse Stone prend l'affaire en main. Il d\u00e9couvre le triste pass\u00e9 de la jeune fille et fait de nombreuses d\u00e9couvertes inqui\u00e9tantes. Il est fermement d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 retrouver le tueur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7BK4lnzc7FhJMkWOGMUihn3raaX.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Jessie Stone)", "Viola Davis (Molly Crane)", "Kohl Sudduth (Luther 'Suitcase' Simpson)", "Orla Brady (Lilly Summers)", "Gary Basaraba (Norman Shaw)", "John Diehl (Jerry Snyder)", "Debra Christofferson (Mrs. Snyder)", "Mae Whitman (Emily Bishop)", "Edward Edwards (Hank Bishop)", "Brendan Kelly (Lovey Norris)", "Liisa Repo-Martell (Carole Genest)", "Kerri Smith (Sister Mary John)", "Stephen McHattie (Captain Healy)", "Maria Ricossa (Sandy Bishop)", "Vito Rezza (Anthony D'Angelo)", "Steven Flynn (Leo Finn)", "William Devane (Dr. Dix)", "Carolyn Fitzgibbons (Billie Bishop)", "Rhonda McLean (Miriam Lowell)", "Murlane Carew (Valerie Morton)", "David Christoffel (Prosecutor)", "John Beale (Dr. Perkins)", "Glen Lefchak (Ambulance Attendant)", "John Maclaren (ER Surgeon)", "Gillian Anderson (Jenn (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The best from the first three films.**\r\n\r\nThe third film in the Jesse Stone series which was based on the third book by Robert B. Parker. The most complete film, for me it is the best from the first three. You will find it a lot different than the previous two, it's filled with a lot of suspense moments till the last minute. I think retaining the same director so far for the series worked so well. It was just a 90 minute film, but feels it runs for very long and that is not in a boring way, but from the development wise, it is a well made film.\r\n\r\nIn a small town, like what Jesse says who he mostly gives out parking tickets gets a new case to get engaged. This time it is a death of the young teen girl whose body was washed up on the river's edge, but completely unidentifiable. Jesse follows where all the clues lead and after getting the details about the missing children around the town of Paradise, he moves on one step closer to identify the victim as well as to mark the suspect. But then again, the twist and turns brings more interesting aspect of the story and his big city experience comes into effect after his co-worker was badly hurt in a shootout.\r\n\r\nIn this, it was Mae Whitman as in a guest appearance, but it was too short as she stays for only a couple of minutes. The other one was Stephen Baldwin, whose character adds more flavour like abolishing one film one case kind of mindset in a cop theme. Because in the real police work, they deal multiple cases at a time.\r\n\r\nIn this, as well in the lead Tom Selleck was awesome. But while his character over obsessed with the case, the film reveals his psychological side of the desperation to bring the justice to the dead girl. Like the girl appearing in his dream and particularly in the station, he hallucinates about her which describes him in a completely different angle for a second. Besides, there's slight sentiments in it and so it also digs on his new romance interest for a school principal, but the Jesse is very clear on what he's seeking after leaving the LA that his job comes first.\r\n\r\n> \"This job in Paradise is my last job. I get off the bus here.\"\r\n\r\nIn some case, finding the suspect alone is not valid to prove someones crimes, so what this story's notion is to find the motive which automatically going reveals everything rest behind the crime. I think very smartly written story, I was fascinated by all the development like step by step how a death enquiry takes place. Released in the same year as the previous film, this is another wonderful detective film made for the television.\r\n\r\nSolid performances, particularly Davis Viola and Kohl Sudduth who are the regular cast did not fail to deliver in their small screenspace. But I expected the big contribution, and I hope in the following film they would achieve that. So in this you are going to witness the Jesse's job commitment, his personal life was sidelined to a marginal. Particularly his ex-wife never calls which I thought kind of annoying in the first two films to taking over than the usual. Jesse does not drink in this, but can be seen him with a coffee mug in most of the parts.\r\n\r\nIf you like murder-mysteries, then this is the film to pick, but I suggest to go for the whole series, begin with the first. I have seen only three films, but I think it is worth giving a try. There's only small clich\u00e9s like how the police department works, but the narration was very good with the full details. The pace was excellent against the strong story and the character developments. Jesse's courage was another highlight. He always takes risks his life, especially dealing the situation when men are armed and pose a serious threat.\r\n\r\nSure, the film will live up to anybody's expectations and also it can be watched by everyone. You probably have seen many cop films, but this is one of those must not miss. I'm happy for this part to focus on the child molestation topic. Like I said in my last review, so far so good and particularly standing up to this film's standard is quite what I'm looking for in the next one. Anyway, it won't too long for another review in the Jesse Stone series.\r\n\r\n_9/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [31047, 31046, 26114, 22555], "youtube_key": "notfound"}