{"tmdb_id": 30341, "title": "Salaud", "original_title": "Villain", "slug_title": "salaud", "date": "1971-05-26", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Vic Dakin, un truand londonien extr\u00eamement violent, met sur pied un hold-up avec d'anciens compagnons. Le temp\u00e9rament agit\u00e9, frisant la psychopathie, de Vic, qui ne parvient \u00e0 s'entendre qu'avec sa m\u00e8re et son jeune amant, l'oppose aux autres malfrats et risque de menacer le succ\u00e8s de l'entreprise.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cKkl7CS5cQ0BbAqLTUFZiMTF5RF.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (Vic Dakin)", "Ian McShane (Wolfe Lissner)", "Nigel Davenport (Bob Matthews)", "Donald Sinden (Gerald Draycott)", "Fiona Lewis (Venetia)", "T. P. McKenna (Frank Fletcher)", "Joss Ackland (Edgar Lowis)", "Cathleen Nesbitt (Mrs. Dakin)", "Elizabeth Knight (Patti)", "Colin Welland (Tom Binney)", "Tony Selby (Duncan)", "John Hallam (Terry)", "Del Henney (Webb)", "Ben Howard (Henry)", "James Cossins (Brown)", "Anthony Sagar (Danny)", "Clive Francis (Vivian)", "Stephen Sheppard (Benny Thompson)", "Brook Williams (Kenneth)", "Wendy Hutchinson (Mrs Lowis)", "Michael Robbins (Barzun)", "Sheila White (Veronica)", "Cheryl Hall (Judy)", "Shirley Cain (Mrs Matthews)", "Lindy Miller (Gilly)", "Leslie Schofield (Detective Constable)", "Godfrey James (Car Lot Manager)", "Bonita Thomas (Stripper)", "Johnny Shannon (Heavy)", "Eric Mason (Landlord)", "John Comer (Waiter at House of Commons)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What you looking at?\r\n\r\nVillain is directed by Michael Tuchner and adapted to the screen by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais and Al Lettieri from the novel The Burden of Proof written by James Barlow. It stars Richard Burton, Ian McShane, T.P. McKenna, Donald Sinden, Nigel Davenport, Fiona Lewis, Joss Ackland, Cathleen Nesbitt, Colin Welland and Tony Selby. A Panavision/Technicolor production, music is by Jonathan Hodge and cinematography by Christopher Challis.\r\n\r\nRuthless London gangster Vic Dakin (Burton) agrees to orchestrate the robbery of a wages van. However, when it is requested for him to work with another gangster\u2019s firm, Dakin is less than enthused, especially as his private life is hanging heavy on his shoulders.\r\n\r\n1971 saw the release of the magnificent Get Carter, surely a benchmark film in the pantheon of British neo-noirs. The year also witnessed Straw Dogs and A Clockwork Orange bursting forth to bother the tabloids and gnaw away at the paying public\u2019s conscious, there really was something stirring In the violent belly of Blighty. There was also another very violent British film out in 71, Villain, a criminally overlooked slice of grim Britannia.\r\n\r\nRichard Burton, he a bastion of rugged masculinity and hard drinking legends, is here playing a sadistic homosexual gangster with a paunch. He is not beyond using a razor to enact retribution on a squealer, or to beat his boyfriend Wolfie Lissner (McShane) before making love to him, but he loves his mother beyond compare though! This was a tough sell to Burton fans one would think, which may go some way to explaining why it disappeared quickly and has still to this day been largely consigned to cult status appraisals only. In fact some of the more intimate scenes between Burton and McShane were cut, so the supposed fall out could have been worse. I say supposed because there\u2019s conflicting stories as to how the film actually performed at the box office\u2026\r\n\r\nViewing it now reveals Villain to be a biting piece of British cinema, often uncompromising and filled to the brim with character\u2019s either damaged or carrying around some sort of affliction or kinky trait. It is pure neo-noir, both in characterisations and narrative drive. Dakin is a maelstrom of tortured emotions, his anger issues frightening but off set by his mother fixation. Wolfie is a bisexual pimp and in a rut, Gerald Draycott (Sinden) is the MP with a thirst for sex getting in deeper than he can handle and on it goes. Thug with an ulcer, hapless girlfriends, snitch, blackmail, murder, violence unbound, nudity, sadism and two hard bastard coppers not beyond giving someone a few lumps to get what they need.\r\n\r\nThen of course there is the robbery itself, a chase and heist sequence of events that are excellently constructed by the makers. The script pings with menacing humour and the writers have a good ear for London dialogue. The London backdrops are classic early 70s monuments and iconic period points of interest, all photographed in that grubby low key way that sits perfectly with the unfolding story. Cast is a who\u2019s who of British actors of the time, and all perform well up to standard to make this a riveting and potent viewing experience. There were some complaints about Burton\u2019s accent, but it really isn\u2019t that bad and only becomes noticeable when he is called on to shout. Burton is great, a bold role gets a bold performance and it is definitely one of his most under valued turns.\r\n\r\nNot as brill as Get Carter, but it\u2019s something of a must see for any fan of British gangster films, while it actually makes for the perfect companion piece to Michael Caine\u2019s magnum opus. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30104, 130145, 247426, 226124], "youtube_key": "0xsL4zBmbl0"}