{"tmdb_id": 303991, "title": "Demolition", "original_title": "Demolition", "slug_title": "demolition", "date": "2016-04-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Davis Mitchell, un brillant investisseur, ressent une indiff\u00e9rence incompr\u00e9hensible apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9c\u00e8s de sa femme dans un accident de voiture. Son comportement devient de plus en plus incoh\u00e9rent et il en vient \u00e0 faire des confessions surprenantes dans une s\u00e9rie de banales lettres de r\u00e9clamation, qui finissent par attirer l'attention de l'employ\u00e9e du service clients, Karen Mareno. De cet \u00e9change va alors na\u00eetre une relation improbable. Avec l'aide de Karen et de son fils, Davis va devoir d\u00e9molir sa vie pass\u00e9e afin de mieux se reconstruire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mPIHDFbwpDAEnyW4yM75ZV2Z2oQ.jpg", "actors": ["Jake Gyllenhaal (Davis Mitchell)", "Naomi Watts (Karen Moreno)", "Chris Cooper (Phil Eastwood)", "Judah Lewis (Chris Moreno)", "C.J. Wilson (Carl)", "Heather Lind (Julia)", "Polly Draper (Margot Eastwood)", "Debra Monk (Davis' Mom)", "Wass Stevens (Jimmy)", "Blaire Brooks (Amy)", "Malachy Cleary (Davis' Dad)", "Ben Cole (Steven)", "Brendan Dooling (Todd)", "James Colby (John)", "Alfredo Narciso (Michael)", "Madison Arnold (Ray)", "Gregory Haney (Nurse)", "James Young (Ahmed)", "Bjorn Dupaty (DOT Agent #1)", "Jane Dashow (Bucaneer Diner Waitress)", "Tom Kemp (Dr. Brodkey)", "Royce Johnson (Security Marty)", "Hani Avital (Young Waitress)", "Celia Au (Punk Girl)", "Elizabeth Loyacano (Woman Crying)", "Stephen Badalamenti (Mickey)", "Mark Lewis (Chris' Doctor)", "Aaron Bantum (Chris' Friend)", "Lytle Harper (Attractive Bartender)", "Kevin Herbst (Mourner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When we won't feel a thing for a great loss...\r\n\r\nI am observing closely Jake Gyllenhaal's acting career and he's giving the best performances in all his films. He's one of top 5 best actor of our generation. So technically I love all his films, especially in the recent years and tell me who won't if they love good stories and performance. I expected this to be another excellent film and yes it was, but not that great.\r\n\r\nWhat he has given to his fans and film viewers is the promise and fulfilled it all the way. So even an average film can automatically become a better one. This film was based on the one of the blacklisted script, but Gyllenhaal's presence made all the difference along with the wonderful director.\r\n\r\nIt was the story of a man who lost his wife in a car accident. His way of grieving is what the film narrates. He realises that he's not able feel a thing when everyone around does, so he decides to make search for the answers and so the bizarre journey begins. The casting was good, but it was all about the Gyllenhaal's role. I like Naomi Watts, but for the first time she looked old to me. And the others did not have much screenspace, except that new face boy who was decent.\r\n\r\nI think not everyone would enjoy it, it is a weird story of almost a weird person, so you would easily get it. You must need to be a patience, besides it is a dark comedy. You might wonder why the title was named 'Demolition', the films gives a strange demonstration for that in a good way. It is not like a must see, but totally worth for Gyllenhaal alone. I can't say it should have been better, because there's nothing to get better, everything was at its best.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [181886, 283235, 307081, 325789], "youtube_key": "8Js1oHlxuMw"}