{"tmdb_id": 305091, "title": "That Sugar Film", "original_title": "That Sugar Film", "slug_title": "that-sugar-film", "date": "2014-07-31", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qF1fDtJ1vU3hrLDNJCgRoQekFmM.jpg", "actors": ["Damon Gameau (Himself)", "Brenton Thwaites (Himself)", "Isabel Lucas (Herself)", "Stephen Fry (Himself)", "Jessica Marais (Herself)", "Hugh Jackman (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**We're surrounded by dangers, simply refused to see it.**\r\n\r\nThe last time I saw such documentary film was 'Food, Inc.'. In the mean time I have seen documentaries about different topics, but not food. It was a long gap indeed, because then I was in my early twenties and now watching this film made me realise how to look at the food I eat everyday. So believe me, if you are in your late twenties and above, this will inspire you. But for others, like the youngsters and kids, it will be an educational film.\r\n\r\nThis Australian film looks funny from the outside, but the information it gives can't simply be discarded. I liked the actor, who was the writer, director, producer of the film and the dedication was highly appreciable. Because it was not just go out and make a film, but he himself placed into the centre of the film plot. Initially I thought it was a crazy idea, but at the end I'm stunned. For everything, from what he did and what this film revealed.\r\n\r\nWhen it comes to the food, there are many things to be concerned. But this film was focused on sugar, about the foods we eat, which has a strong sugar presence and how it is affecting our health. Damon Gameau decided to experiment himself by consuming per day, forty teaspoons of sugar and from sugary products that easily available in the market. And monitoring carefully the changes in his body along the way his wife's pregnancy.\r\n\r\n> \"Sugar's not evil, but life's so much better when you get rid of it.\"\r\n\r\nThe film is not all about the experiment he's doing, it also gives some details about the people who are suffering big from modern foods. Especially I'm happy for openly giving opinions about the soft drinks from Coke and Pepsi brands. Damon also travelled to the US and he continued what he was doing, alongside collecting some new input from the experts, as well as meeting the victims. The rapid change in his physique and health gives a report on what direction the experiment is heading. From damaging the skin to the putting his internal body organs into various risks of diseases such as liver failure, heart attack and many more.\r\n\r\nThere's a brief appearance of Hugh Jackman, but don't expect more than that. It had no big impact, because the film's topic was much bigger than his part in the film. The film gave me some idea about how to deal with the food I consume. If you are concerned about your weight, particularly fat tummy, you will know what to do after watching this. I mean this does not guide you through, but opens your eyes. It points out where you are committing your mistake. It does not tell to completely cut off the sugary, but know your limit and behave.\r\n\r\nOne of the best documentary films. Do whatever you want after watching this, but before that don't think to skip it. You can call it an inspirational, educational or a message deliverer, but this film has committed to highlight what went wrong with the modern day diet. And how the food industry is responding to all the accusations. But you should know what's better for you, so think twice before touching any sugar products. Especially be aware of fructose (who is the villain of this story), which might not equate to nicotine, but the consequences are.\r\n\r\n_9/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [64288, 353125, 333319, 198318]}