{"tmdb_id": 305119, "title": "Madame B\u00e4urin", "original_title": "Madame B\u00e4urin", "slug_title": "madame-baurin", "date": "1993-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "On the Schiermoser farm tense expectation prevails. The 'Urban', the Schaubleins, surprisingly announced their arrival. In the past, they were welcome as generous summer visitors. But now the shortage years of the First World War prevail. And the farmer's wife suspects lazy parasites in the townsfolk. The city family is indeed facing ruin. Especially since the defiant daughter Rosalie has just knocked out a promising money marriage without regard to scandal. The Rosalie is attracted to the Schiermoser heir Franz. His mother already drives the thought of a 'Madame B\u00e4urin' to madness. Everyone experiences a turbulent time of upheaval. The end of the First World War will shake the social fronts as well as the new machine age.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bm7D2M0IlM3beqULdpdAlmxOQkD.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Stemberger (Rosalie Sch\u00e4uflein)", "Francis Fulton-Smith (Franz Schiermoser)", "Hanna Schygulla (Tante Agathe)", "Franz Xaver Kroetz (Schiermoser)", "Christine Ostermayer (Frau R\u00e4tin - Johanna Sch\u00e4uflein)", "Gundi Ellert (Schiermoserin)", "Toni Berger (Hundhammer)", "Johannes Thanheiser (Gro\u00dfvater)", "Franziska St\u00f6mmer (Gro\u00dfmutter)", "Eva H\u00f6rbiger (Reisertalerin)", "Stefan Born ()", "Franz Froschauer (Baron von R\u00f6derer)", "Karl Knaup (M\u00e4dchen vom Bahnhof)", "Katherina Mai ()", "Ilse Matheis (Marei Reisertaler)", "Jerzy May ()", "Sandra Nedeleff ()", "Ulla Pallmann (Magd)", "G\u00fcnter Schubert ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "cJqPo_PG524"}