{"tmdb_id": 305470, "title": "Power Rangers", "original_title": "Power Rangers", "slug_title": "power-rangers", "date": "2017-03-23", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville, cinq adolescents d\u00e9couvrent qu\u2019ils ont des pouvoirs extraordinaires. Ils vont devoir apprendre \u00e0 surmonter leurs peurs et \u00e0 faire \u00e9quipe pour devenir les Power Rangers : le destin les a choisis pour sauver le monde de la destruction orchestr\u00e9e par une force extraterrestre surpuissante\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iRAZIEgfB9N0BObV0QI61Nxh92h.jpg", "actors": ["Dacre Montgomery (Jason Lee Scott / The Red Ranger)", "Naomi Scott (Kimberly Hart / The Pink Ranger)", "RJ Cyler (Billy Cranston / The Blue Ranger)", "Becky G (Trini / The Yellow Ranger)", "Ludi Lin (Zack Taylor / The Black Ranger)", "Bill Hader (Alpha 5 (voice))", "Bryan Cranston (Zordon)", "Elizabeth Banks (Rita Repulsa / The Green Ranger)", "David Denman (Sam Scott)", "Caroline Cave (Beverly Scott)", "Anjali Jay (Maddy Hart)", "Patrick Sabongui (Mr. Kwan)", "Erica Cerra (Trini's mother)", "Kayden Magnuson (Pearl Scott)", "Sarah Grey (Amanda)", "Emily Maddison (Rebecca)", "Jaime M. Callica (Officer Bebe)", "Matt Shively (Damo)", "Garry Chalk (Goldar (voice))", "Fred Tatasciore (Goldar (voice))", "Jason David Frank (Onlooker #2)", "Amy Jo Johnson (Onlooker #1)", "Fiona Vroom (Abigail)", "Lisa Berry (Candace Cranston)", "Morgan Taylor Campbell (Harper)", "Clayton Chitty (Young Cop)", "Ranjit Samra (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "Loud, trashy, sweet and weird, the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers reboot \u201cPower Rangers\u201d is not merely an ideal film for rambunctious and undemanding 12-year olds, it actually sees the world through their eyes.\r\n\r\nIn theory, the heroes are high school students. But they\u2019re actually a Disney Channel-styled fantasy of the splendors that await kids when they finally become full-fledged teenagers and can Do Whatever They Want. These heroes are misfits. They gather in detention in their high school, a scenario that promises to turn into \u201cThe Mighty Morphin Breakfast Club Rangers.\u201d Lo and behold, that\u2019s what you get: a mix of shenanigans, heart-to-heart talks and widescreen punch-outs between monster battles.\r\n\r\nREVIEW FROM ROGER EBERT."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Buying this movie was of course pretty much a request from my kids although I have to confess that I, as a Science Fiction geek, was at least a tiny bit interested in seeing what they had managed to cook together on a big budget. For the record I find the television show absolutely awful. Therefore I am quite surprised that I found the movie to be not exactly good but at least watchable.\r\n\r\nMake no mistake, it is indeed a silly and simple plot, teenage wet dream, stupid and illogical kind of story that you would expect. However, it was actually mildly fun to watch. Most of my enjoyment came from the special effects and action sequences of course. The dialog and behavior of the teenage heroes were as stereotyped and generally awful as one would expect.\r\n\r\nThis of course means that the first half of the movie is less interesting than the second half when the action picks up. Actually, although there are some fun moments during \u201ctraining\u201d, I felt this entire idea of them not being able to use their powers before they had gotten into the right \u201cmental state\u201d to prove that they were actually Power Rangers was just a rubbish one.\r\n\r\nOnce things started to pick up speed it became more interesting. The different means of transport of the Power Rangers was absolutely silly but still great fun to watch.\r\n\r\nWell, I really do not have that much more to say. The last parts of the movie was one big special effects feast with a few comic elements in it, most of them rather \u2026 teenage. Fun to watch for a science fiction geek like me.\r\n\r\nSo, the verdict? Was it a fun movie to watch? Yeah, it was pretty okay. Was it a good movie? Well, that is probably stretching it."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I grew up on Power Rangers, I always loved them, even as an adult I re-watch _Mighty Morphin'_ about once a year. But it's never been \"good\", so for 2017's Hollywood go-over to even come across as well as it did is impressive, but still, in keeping with history, _Power Rangers_ is not \"good\". And where it fails hardest is in its most _Power_-_Ranger_-iest moments. Before Rita Repulsa, and the Ranger suits and the quote unquote epic showdown at Krispy Kreme (which by the way is probably the most heinous example of product placement I've ever seen), I was actually pretty on board, sure the acting was hit and miss at best, but as characters I was interested to follow their dynamic. Unfortunately, this is at best half the film, and even this half isn't perfect.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The power of Cadbury Gems!**\r\n\r\nIt was one of those films known that it would fail even before being made. I've rated the rebooted 'Fantastic Four' better than this. I am not a 'Power Rangers' fan, but I was looking forward to it. Expected to be a decent, not this low. The major issue with the film was the story. What the heck! All the superhero films have this same platform. That's really boring. Even that's how the real 'Power Rangers' is, does not matter, it should have been re-wrote completely. Just like they had updated the costumes from cloths to metal armours.\r\n\r\nAs usual, the actors are not to be blamed. Those young guys did good. Direction, not bad too. The graphic, nothing new or that impressive. If we observe closely all the CGI shot, they do not look fine, especially if you know all this stuff like an animator or something. The villain was weak. But the entire film was like just an introduction. They had held up everything till the last quarters to bring all together and make a massive stand off between the good and the bad.\r\n\r\nMaybe it could work for kids. Those who liked Marvel and DC superhero films would only find it a trash. The best thing about the film is, it is watchable, despite everything are familiar and predictable. I'm not in favour of a sequel, but surely they will make one. And that's result would decide the franchise's future, which I think has a slim chance against those superhero films that already bagged the large sum of fans to its pocket. As I said, the remaining one are children, who are upcoming generation. So if the filmmakers target them, even the adults would sit quiet and watch without whining.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [308531, 335988, 293167, 324849], "youtube_key": "oFkulzWMotY"}