{"tmdb_id": 30568, "title": "Les orgies macabres", "original_title": "La org\u00eda de los muertos", "slug_title": "les-orgies-macabres", "date": "1973-09-03", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "A la fin du 19eme si\u00e8cle, Serge Chekov arrive dans un petit village d'Ecosse pour r\u00e9clamer son h\u00e9ritage, le chateau du coin. Arriv\u00e9 sur les lieux, il va d\u00e9couvrir que la veuve de son oncle d\u00e9funt, le comte Milahy, pratique des activit\u00e9s inqui\u00e9tantes et qu'un scientitifique d\u00e9ment s'acharne \u00e0 cr\u00e9er des zombies...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x8hwbQwBJ27vYAN64utvSC8SQ82.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Naschy (Igor)", "Stelvio Rosi (Serge Chekov)", "Maria Pia Conte (Nadia Mihaly)", "Dyanik Zurakowska (Doris Droila)", "Pasquale Basile (The Detective)", "G\u00e9rard Tichy (Professor Leon Droila)", "Aurora de Alba (Mary)", "Eleonora Vargas ()", "Jos\u00e9 C\u00e1rdenas (2nd Guard)", "Giuliana Garavaglia ()", "Carla Mancini ()", "Carlos Quiney (The Butler)", "Isarco Ravaioli (Town's Mayor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Milo_Jeeder", "content": "Frankly, I'm still trying to figure out why I got pleasure from a horror film as effortless and unhurried as this one. If I have to be objective for a second, I would probably say that \"La org\u00eda de los muertos\" actually didn't have much to offer to begin with. A nice variety of clich\u00e9s and a predictable ending, are some of the magnificent qualities about this film. Let's just get this straight: the reason why I'm not praising this film, is not because I'm against clich\u00e9s or predictable endings. I don't think a movie is great, only when it has a plot twist or unpredicted states of affairs. I believe that in order to be decent, a horror film needs to be either entertaining, gory or at least mildly eerie. However, I'm not sure \"La orgia de los muertos\", provides much of these three virtues. For the contrary, it's a very sluggish movie, with no gore and almost no eerie situations. Perhaps we could say that the story gets interesting and mildly freaky during the last minutes, but that's all. If we were talking about a different film, I would almost certainly say that it doesn't reunite enough elements to be considered a decent horror flick. Nevertheless, there's something about this film that makes enjoyable and it has to do with the fact that it is awfully stylish and nice to look at. The striking and yet ominous European landscapes, the 19th-century wardrobe and the graveyard, create a perfect Gothic background that unquestionably belongs to the horror type. The atmosphere is somehow dark, but still enchanting in a way. The highland village exposes two facades, which makes the scenery so ambiguous and mysterious.\r\n\r\nThis may be a film that could be considered worn out by some people, but it's still captivating and charming in a spooky way. I could only spot one or two unintentionally funny situations and dialogs, which is a great flattering remark, in this case. Let's just keep in mind that this is a low budget film with actors who didn't even speak Spanish, or at least not all of them, and the film was supposed to be in that language. One of the scenes that really made me burst into laughter, was the one where Stelvio Rosi gets in a fist fight with Jacinto Molina\u2026that was just plain hilarious. Without anything else to add, I can only say that despite of the flaws I mentioned, I believe \"La orgia de los muertos\" is a film that could be easily enjoyed by Gothic horror fans. Especially the ones who don't need a really complex plot and can appreciate a charming esthetic like the one in this film."}], "recommandations_id": []}