{"tmdb_id": 305747, "title": "Hoovey", "original_title": "Hoovey", "slug_title": "hoovey", "date": "2015-01-31", "genre": ["Familial / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "HOOVEY is the true and inspiring story of the Elliott family, who refused to surrender, instead turning to one another and their faith in the worst of circumstances, to rebuild their lives, their boy, and their dreams... together. Step by grueling step, with faith, love, and the tireless work of a mother and father to save their family, their farm, their dream, Hoovey learns to walk again. To read again. To dribble and shoot a basketball again. And yes, to dream again himself. Then stepping out in his faith, back onto the hard court, to live that dream of playing this game once more...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lfBoQeOVdFIM4LgKIbX0VS4WnkY.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Warburton (Jeff Elliott)", "Lauren Holly (Ruth Elliott)", "Cody Linley (Eric \"Hoovey\" Elliott)", "Alyson Stoner (Jen Elliott)", "Charles Robinson (Coach Wilson)", "Brandon Mychal Smith (Donavan)", "Alexandria DeBerry (Annie)", "Glenn Morshower (Dr. Kattner)", "Elise Baughman (Kristen)", "Jordan Farris (Scooter)", "Jeffry Elliott (Rich)", "Tom Costello Jr. (Dr. Backus)", "Stephen Baldwin (Pastor)", "Andrew Sensenig (Mike Roberts)", "Jim Wise (Basketball Announcer)", "Chad Gundersen (Archangel Gabriel)", "Christopher Morrow (Archangel Michael)", "Sean McNamara (Archangel Raphael)", "Hernando Planells Jr. (Referee)", "Belmarie Huynh (Lab Tech)", "Melanie Morrow (Suburban Lady)", "Seth Lee (Basketball Player)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [284550, 105379, 333358, 333123], "youtube_key": "notfound"}