{"tmdb_id": 305943, "title": "A Kind of Murder", "original_title": "A Kind of Murder", "slug_title": "a-kind-of-murder", "date": "2016-12-16", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "New York dans les ann\u00e9es 60. Walter Stackhouse est un architecte de renom mari\u00e9 \u00e0 la belle Clara. Tout semble lui sourire, mais sa fascination pour un meurtre non r\u00e9solu va le mener dans une spirale infernale, le for\u00e7ant bient\u00f4t \u00e0 jouer au jeu du chat et de la souris avec un d\u00e9tective trop ambitieux et un meurtrier intelligent d\u00e9j\u00e0 sur les traces de sa nouvelle victime...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/KCJywO3PnrG25LKqyWnKdoKUCD.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Wilson (Walter Stackhouse)", "Jessica Biel (Clara Stackhouse)", "Vincent Kartheiser (Detective Lawrence Corby)", "Haley Bennett (Ellie Briess)", "Eddie Marsan (Kimmel)", "Lucas Bentley (Detective Jackson)", "Corrie Danieley (Betty Ireton)", "Radek Lord (Tony Ricco)", "Jennifer Enskat (Mrs. Philpott)", "Jon Osbeck (Jon Caar)", "Christine Dye (Claudia)", "Ken Strunk (Mr. Philpott)", "Emily Scott (Martha)", "Barry Mulholland (Captain Millard)", "Ian Short (Bill Ireton)", "Jerry Rowlands (Karl)", "Kelly Mengelkoch (Helen Kimmel)", "Buz Davis (Detective Harvey)", "Richard Hagerman (Bus Driver)", "Michael Hall (Mr. De Vries)", "Chris Bortz (Barman)", "Michael Joseph Thomas Ward (Doctor Prowler)", "Dylan Keith Adams (Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Tyler Beaty (Bus Patron / Beatnik (uncredited))", "Gary Chinn (Minister (uncredited))", "Liberty Clark (Beautiful Woman (uncredited))", "Juliane Collins (Clara's Maid (uncredited))", "Bobbi Feinauer Combs (Cocktail Party Guest (uncredited))", "William Cross (Bus Patron / Bar Patron (uncredited))", "Michelle Dobrozsi (Cocktail Party Guest (uncredited))", "Jerry Gallagher (Detective (uncredited))", "Robert Gerding (The Hunter (uncredited))", "Dennis Craig Hensley (Police Officer (uncredited))", "Chris Hill (Bartender (uncredited))", "Carli Hudson (Beatnik (uncredited))", "Yosiah Johnson (Beatnik (uncredited))", "Misty M. Jump (Dinner Party Guest (uncredited))", "Angel Kerns (Movie Patron (uncredited))", "David Kettlehake (Bar Patron (uncredited))", "Karen Koester (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Philip Krinsky (Beatnik (uncredited))", "Michael Laurianti (Policeman (uncredited))", "Lizzy Leigh (Mourner at Funeral (uncredited))", "Philip McDaniel (Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Lana McDonald (Bus Patron / Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Kenneth Meyer (Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Steve Moore (Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Lon Nease (Party Patron (uncredited))", "Jim Owens (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "David Pittinger (Executive (uncredited))", "DJ Plunkett (Boy in Hospital (uncredited))", "Derek Polen (Bus Patron / Diner Patron (uncredited))", "Charles Poole (Bus Patron / Diner Patron (uncredited))", "Michelle Poole (Bus Patron / Bar Patron (uncredited))", "Ryan Poole (Bus / Bar Patron (uncredited))", "Joanne Popolin (Funeral Attendee (uncredited))", "Kaitlyn Rawlings (Waitress (uncredited))", "K.D. Richardson (Bus Terminal Patron (uncredited))", "Lare Roberts (Movie Patron (uncredited))", "Carrington Rowe (Bus Patron (uncredited))", "Samantha Russell (Beatnik (uncredited))", "Brian D. Schroeder (Bus Patron / Diner Patron (uncredited))", "Lew Sleeman (Morgue Attendant (uncredited))", "Jim Waldfogle (Bus Patron / Detective (uncredited))", "Steven Terry Walker (Detective (uncredited))", "Peggy Warner (Cafe Guest (uncredited))", "Mark Stacey White (Crime Scene Photographer (uncredited))", "William Willet (Mr. Rogers (uncredited))", "Angie Willmott (Beatnik Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The mysteries surrounding double suspicious deaths!**\r\n\r\nPromising cast, if not the Hollywood's greatest. Adapted to the screen from the book called 'The Blunderer'. The film is about the two separate deaths that's quite suspiciable of having some kind of a connection. That's where the cop's investigation comes into play. The narration was very suspense, since nothing was openly revealed at the beginning what really had happened, where the rest of the film rides on with.\r\n\r\nThere are many angles to have a guess, but mostly it hangs either one or the other way, where you could come close to unpuzzle. A rich couple's marriage is falling apart. While the wife is not taking it well as her husband does. He's already starting to look forward to have an affair and move on. That's when he comes across a news about an unsolved murder, and soon his state of life sees the same fate. Now hunted by the law, how he tries to prove he's not involved in any kind of wrongdoing. That leads to a twist before bringing a full stop to the storytelling.\r\n\r\nI thought it was good, because it was different, engaging and mysterious, but not sure the presentation was at its best. It is what we call Hitchcock style mystery-thriller. If he'd been alive, I would have expected it to be from his direction. He knows that formula, how to carve such subject. This is from a television director and the quality of the film remained the same kind. Though the actors were good, as well as the atmosphere of the narration. It had a lot potential to be a better one, but still it can be watched once if you keep aside your complaints.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [343010, 316021, 390512, 135595], "youtube_key": "12zoi09mRoE"}