{"tmdb_id": 3060, "title": "La grande parade", "original_title": "The Big Parade", "slug_title": "la-grande-parade", "date": "1925-11-05", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Guerre", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "James, un jeune et riche Am\u00e9ricain, s'engage par bravade lors de la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale. Il se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec deux soldats \"Slim\" et \"Bull\". Une fois en France, ils sont cantonn\u00e9s pr\u00e8s d'un village. James tombe alors amoureux de M\u00e9lisande, une fermi\u00e8re. Plus tard, il sera bless\u00e9 \u00e0 la jambe lors des combats.\r Apr\u00e8s son retour, Jim r\u00e9alise que sa famille ne pourra jamais comprendre \u00e0 quel point la guerre l'a chang\u00e9. Lorsqu'il apprend \u00e0 sa m\u00e8re qu'il est amoureux de M\u00e9lisande, elle l'encourage \u00e0 essayer de la retrouver. Plus tard en France, M\u00e9lisande et sa m\u00e8re sont en train de travailler dans les champs lorsque M\u00e9lisande aper\u00e7oit quelqu'un qui arrive au loin, elle reconna\u00eet Jim et ils sont r\u00e9unis \u00e0 nouveau.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mZdjhbL0QD4qFxnNXgyB1arEwCw.jpg", "actors": ["John Gilbert (James Apperson)", "Ren\u00e9e Ador\u00e9e (Melisande)", "Hobart Bosworth (Mr. Apperson)", "Claire McDowell (Mrs. Apperson)", "Claire Adams (Justyn Reed)", "Robert Ober (Harry)", "Tom O'Brien (Bull)", "Karl Dane (Slim)", "Kathleen Key (Miss Apperson)", "Rosita Marstini (Melisande's Mother)", "Julanne Johnston (Justine Devereux)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Recently in approaching the milestone of seeing my 5,000th film (at least by my IMDb list of my shoddy recollections), I wanted to make it a very special film, so it was between the blus of this and 'The Treasure of the Sierra Madre'. That was a very special work too, but in retrospect, I felt this was an even finer film. I haven't seen much of Vidor's work (only 'The Champ', 'Hallelujah' and 'The Fountainhead'--all of which I greatly admired), but I knew he was a great American director to be reckoned with, for any cinephile worth his salt. Plus, I had always been intrigued by the then-sex symbol status of ill-starred John Gilbert (especially since my favourite actress ever, Great Garbo, was so enraptured by him).\r\n\r\nThis was remarkable. I was astounded by how Vidor (who said beforehand he wanted to finally make a film that wouldn't simply be gone from theatres in a week, but would play on for years, and that he would put forth a much greater effort if that could be the case, especially if either about steel, wheat or war) mixed elements, emotions and atmosphere so expertly. Even though it was a first-watch, since it was a silent film I thought it would be all right to throw on the Jeffrey Vance commentary, which contained four interview snippets from Vidor, late in his life in the 1970's. It was a wonderful cinephilic experience, and the book that enclosed the blu ray release was even more telling, with tons of pictures and essays about the American landmark of silent cinema."}], "recommandations_id": [1405, 53230, 95134, 31507]}