{"tmdb_id": 306197, "title": "Unexpected", "original_title": "Unexpected", "slug_title": "unexpected", "date": "2015-07-24", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5qVkzDEqvFso55Uq2sn3C8DYazg.jpg", "actors": ["Cobie Smulders (Samantha Abbott)", "Gail Bean (Jasmine)", "Anders Holm (John)", "Elizabeth McGovern (Carolyn)", "Robyn Coffin (Melanie)", "Heidi Johanningmeier (Natalie)", "Daniel Kyri (David)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A likely friendship in an unexpected circumstance.**\r\n\r\nSeeing how much the film succeeded, I was not expecting a wonderful drama. I am satisfied with it though, like it portrays about being pregnant, particularly about the teenage pregnancy. They did not go deeper on that topic to just disclose the negatives, instead they told a heartwarming tale, the relationship between two unlikely pregnant women. After a high school teacher and her student got pregnant unexpectedly, and having a common, they come closer to get by together those tough times. During the period, they plan for their future, but many bumps on the road, how they tackle it was revealed in the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nI have heard that Cobie Smulders was really pregnant during making this film. She was good and the highlight of the film. I haven't seen her many solo films. So I find her a much better actress and beautiful than in any of her multi-starer films. Her co-star was not bad either. An interesting storyline, and well written, but not enough to impress a large group of audience. Some people would enjoy it though, probably women who went through a similar situation in their lives. Sometimes we expect a film and reject it if it does not stand up to that par. But some films just reveal what it is intended to and this is that kind of film, whether you like it or not, it will be what it is.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 214218, 392660, 328448]}