{"tmdb_id": 30637, "title": "Corridors of Blood", "original_title": "Corridors of Blood", "slug_title": "corridors-of-blood", "date": "1958-12-01", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "An 1840s British surgeon, experiments with anesthetic gases in an effort to make surgery pain-free. While doing so, his demonstration before a panel of his peers ends in a horrific mishap with his patient awakening under the knife; he is forced to leave his position in disgrace. To complicate matters, he becomes addicted to the gases and gets involved with a gang of criminals, led by Black Ben and his henchman Resurrection Joe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ykOrXZES343ZMfneyGrchgDSpfH.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Dr. Thomas Bolton)", "Betta St. John (Susan)", "Christopher Lee (Resurrection Joe)", "Finlay Currie (Supt. Charles Matheson)", "Adrienne Corri (Rachel)", "Francis de Wolff (Black Ben)", "Francis Matthews (Jonathan Bolton)", "Frank Pettingell (Mr. Blount)", "Basil Dignam (Hospital Chairman)", "Nigel Green (Insp. Donovan)", "Yvonne Romain (Rosa (as Yvonne Warren))", "Howard Lang (Chief Inspector)", "Charles Lloyd Pack (Hardcastle)", "Bernard Archard (Hospital Official)", "Marianne Stone (Arrested Woman (uncredited))", "Desmond Llewelyn (Operations Assistant (uncredited))", "Skip Martin ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "A lot of fun watching two great horror icons together like Boris Karloff and Sir Christopher Lee. I'm so glad The Criterion Collection bothered putting this foursome out in their 'Monsters and Madmen' boxed set. Such a guilty pleasure to behold, in its intriguing period-piece script of a well-meaning doctor trying to discover anesthesia yet getting drug-addicted in the process. Great stuff."}], "recommandations_id": [86667, 41023, 26923, 48202], "youtube_key": "8tZejNLDJok"}