{"tmdb_id": 306303, "title": "The Blonde Next Door", "original_title": "The Blonde Next Door", "slug_title": "the-blonde-next-door", "date": "1982-12-01", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "You've seen her in magazines and fantasized. You know she is no ordinary girl, but she is The Blonde Next Door and you want her.  Barry Horne (Ron Jeremy) has bottled the hottest cologne ever made! A few drops sprinkled on and women will do anything you want. Anything! You'd think that with a formula like that the money would be endless. But no, you see the source of the Gusher Cologne is the The Blonde Next Door, played by Danielle, the hottest young woman in adult films today! Her love juices are what makes Gusher Cologne the success that it is.  Not wanting to see the source of his wealth dry up Barry signs Cindy to a slave contract and promises her endless orgasms, and five percent. The situations that Barry sets up for Cindy become more and more erotic in order to get Cindy off. He has to get wilder and wilder as her desires become more and more sophisticated. Rest assured, The Blonde Next Door is howlingly original and totally outrageous!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8vphjQI7vZ6ZOktB7kRPKAGOSaz.jpg", "actors": ["Lisa De Leeuw (Charlene the Secretary)", "John Leslie (World's Greatest Lover)", "Ron Jeremy (Barry Horne)", "Mai Lin (Mai Tai)", "Danielle (Cindy)", "Paul Thomas (Bill)", "Victoria Slick (Sarah)", "Becky Savage (Suzanne)", "Brooke Bennett (Kat)", "Herschel Savage (Jed (as Hershel Savage))", "Jon Martin (Brad)", "Angel Burgeon (Native Warrior)", "Jesse Adams (Native Chief)", "Mike Horner (John)", "Michael Morrison (Elmo Fudd)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}