{"tmdb_id": 306650, "title": "En terrain min\u00e9", "original_title": "Kajaki", "slug_title": "en-terrain-mine", "date": "2014-11-12", "genre": "Thriller / Guerre / Aventure / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Afghanistan, 2006. Une section de soldats anglais est charg\u00e9e de neutraliser un barrage routier taliban et de s\u00e9curiser la zone. Quand l'un d'eux saute sur une mine antipersonnel, ses camarades se pr\u00e9cipitent \u00e0 son secours, mais se trouvent pi\u00e9g\u00e9s dans un champ de mines non cartographi\u00e9. Menac\u00e9s par l'intervention de combattants talibans, les soldats luttent pour secourir les bless\u00e9s au p\u00e9ril de leur vie. Car chaque faux pas peut leur \u00eatre fatal...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1jkmJHaZJyliSx7MVH5RmqyKIap.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Stanley (Tug)", "Malachi Kirby (Snoop)", "Ali Cook (Spud McMellon)", "David Elliot (Mark Wright)", "Paul Luebke (Jay Davis)", "Benjamin O'Mahony (Stu Hale)", "Scott Kyle (Stu Pearson)", "Andy Gibbins (Smudge)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One bad step might cost your leg, maybe life.\r\n\r\nOnce I finished watching, said 'wow'. It can mean in many ways like the movie was stunning, edgy and probably best war flick of the 2014. Yep, there's no doubt in that, at least to me among those I've seen. It was a low budget British war-drama-thriller based on the real event that takes place in the year 2006, Afghanistan. The director was a documentary filmmaker, and I'm happy he chose to make it a movie. But still it looks like a semi-documentary and powerful.\r\n\r\nIn the backdrop of the Kajaki dam valley where one of the British army camp lies in a mountain top, one morning a military unit goes for a routine checkup in the surrounding area. It was not an usual day, a tragedy strikes and followed by a series of mishaps that leaves the entire team in a critical situation and so the other teams who come to assist. They risk their lives to rescue each other. Coming from the England, laying under the burning sun as the injured, they might have felt a very close to hell. The rest of the story is coming out of it, or would they?\r\n\r\nI must agree with many who had seen this said, it is tough to watch. Because everything looked so real, sometimes the pain was felt if your focus was thorough. Especially if you are a kind hearted, your heart rate might go up. It is not all about predictable, we know what might happen because of the following scenes after the first blow, it's one way or another. But how, where, when and who is the question. Anytime, anything might happen, the screenplay was genuine in that matter. Once the tension parts begin, it was unstoppable, it will pull you out of your chair often.\r\n\r\n> \"This whole country is full of sht\r\n> left behind when armies fkd off.\"\r\n\r\nThe whole film was shot in one location and its close by zone. It was in Afghanistan, according to the story, but the film was shot in Jordan. Very well utilised the locations, camera angles, the performances were top notch. I don't know anyone from the cast, but they were the best. Well, you won't forget the film after a watch, at least for a week maybe. You don't have to compare it with American war movies. This was not high-tech military combat, but just a simple story with one breathtaking circumstance.\r\n\r\nWhat really disturbs is to know it was a real story. The unit was small and the head office did not provide them a proper equipments like well working radio sets, metal detectors et cetera which caused the disaster. You know, in the war its not like, take your gun and go kill the enemies like the John Rambo. There is types of war that fought in different style. In this film, these young soldiers were making sure and reporting the movements of the enemy in a nearby checkpoint. What happens was they caught in an unexpected trap and afterwards it turns human emotions.\r\n\r\nI don't remember seeing a better war film from Britain, at least not recently. This film totally shocked me which was unexpected from an unheard title. As usual, taking chances in the unpopular movies gave me an opportunity to discover the hidden gem and I want to spread this word as much as possible far its reach. If you are reading this, especially you are an adult, I definitely highly recommend it. Don't anticipate a complete combat, but it'll give one hundred per cent of the theme under this narration takes place.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [111378, 221243, 333387, 277237]}