{"tmdb_id": 306745, "title": "Free Love", "original_title": "Freeheld", "slug_title": "free-love", "date": "2015-10-02", "genre": "Romance / Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Ann\u00e9es 2000. Laurel, est une brillante inspectrice du New Jersey. Sa vie bascule le jour o\u00f9 elle rencontre la jeune Stacie. Leur nouvelle vie s\u2019effondre quand Laurel d\u00e9couvre qu\u2019elle est atteinte d\u2019un cancer en phase terminale. Laurel a un dernier souhait : elle veut que sa pension revienne \u00e0 la femme qu\u2019elle aime, mais la hi\u00e9rarchie polici\u00e8re refuse cat\u00e9goriquement. Laurel et Stacie vont se battre jusqu\u2019au bout pour faire triompher leurs droits.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bPkBjjaS4M7pLyszxC18aIFfl82.jpg", "actors": ["Julianne Moore (Laurel Hester)", "Ellen Page (Stacie Andree)", "Steve Carell (Steven Goldstein)", "Michael Shannon (Dane Wells)", "Luke Grimes (Todd Belkin)", "Josh Charles (Bryan Kelder)", "Mary Birdsong (Carol Andree)", "Dennis Boutsikaris (Pat Gerry)", "Skipp Sudduth (Reynolds)", "Jeannine Kaspar (Margaret)", "Tom McGowan (Bill Johnson)", "Kevin O'Rourke (Dan Wickery)", "Stink Fisher (Jake)", "Gabriel Luna (Quesada)", "Anthony DeSando (Toohey)", "William Sadler (Peter Santucci)", "Adam LeFevre (Don Bennett)", "Kelly Deadmon (Lynda Hester)", "Traci Hovel (Hannah)", "Mina Sundwall (Maya Kelder)", "Julie Reiber (Cat)", "Karl Jacob (Jeeter)", "Jess Jacobs (Stacie's Team Member)", "Portia Reiners (Christy Miller)", "Suzanne Savoy (Town Clerk)", "Susan Merson (Harriet)", "Oliver Solomon (Security Guard)", "Mary Joy (Estelle the Realtor)", "Robbie Tann (First Thug)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Not another lesbian romance, but a fight for the equal rights!\r\n\r\nNot long ago I saw 'Carol', thankfully it is not another that and better than that. It was based on the documentary short of the same name about a real life same sex couple who fought for the equal rights and the pension benefits, while one of them was treated for cancer. It is a great drama about fighting for justice than the romance as it states, but that part as well very impressive.\r\n\r\nEllen Page and Julianne Moore, both were awesome, except Moore was a bit old. By seeing them I felt being a lesbian is sweetest than straight, hetero and even gay. The first half was all about the relationship, but very decently narrated romance tale. And in the next half once Steve Carell enters the scene, the film diverted to another side of the story. All the actors were very good, including Michael Shannon.\r\n\r\nObviously the story was predictable and that is expected often in a biography. Because if they want to alter it, then they should pen a very cleverest script the audience never saw one like that before. I think telling a true story as it is is the point and that's what this filmmaker did. So don't complain about the storyline, just consider whether it is inspiring or worth a watch for other reasons.\r\n\r\nFor me it was almost a sentimental piece, but the second half story compromised and then I realised what this film was trying to say. Underrated film of the year for sure. Anytime I suggest it, especially for the grown ups and with a neutral mindset, because it is not all about the same sex romance, but the battle for equality in society.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1544, 258480, 8199, 19344]}