{"tmdb_id": 306819, "title": "The Danish girl", "original_title": "The Danish Girl", "slug_title": "the-danish-girl", "date": "2015-11-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "The Danish girl retrace la remarquable histoire d'amour de Gerda Wegener et Lili Elbe, n\u00e9e Einar Wegener, l'artiste danoise connue comme la premi\u00e8re personne \u00e0 avoir subi une chirurgie de r\u00e9attribution sexuelle en 1930. Le mariage et le travail de Lili et Gerda \u00e9voluent alors qu\u2019ils s\u2019embarquent sur les territoires encore inconnus du transgenre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/seWQ6UKCrhGH0eP7dFZvmIBQtKF.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Redmayne (Einar Wegener / Lili Elbe)", "Alicia Vikander (Gerda Wegener)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Hans Axgil)", "Ben Whishaw (Henrik Sandahl)", "Sebastian Koch (Dr. Kurt Warnekros)", "Pip Torrens (Dr. Jens Hexler)", "Nicholas Woodeson (Dr. Buson)", "Amber Heard (Ulla)", "Emerald Fennell (Elsa)", "Adrian Schiller (Rasmussen)", "Henry Pettigrew (Niels)", "Sophie Kennedy Clark (Ursula)", "Miltos Yerolemou (Dr. Mai)", "Jake Graf (Henri)", "Tusse Silberg (Older Woman)", "Claus Bue (Man at Window)", "Peter Krag (Stage Doorman)", "Angela Curran (Dresser)", "Pixie (Hvappe (dog))", "Richard Dixon (Fonnesbech)", "Paul Bigley (Man in Gallery)", "Nancy Crane (American Woman)", "Nicola Sloane (Brothel Madame)", "Sonya Cullingford (Striptease Artist)", "Clare Fettarappa (Receptionist)", "Victoria Emslie (Gallery Employee)", "Raphael Acloque (Man in Park 1)", "Alexander Devrient (Man in Park 2)", "Cosima Shaw (Hospital Receptionist)", "Rebecca Root (Nurse)", "Issy van Randwyck (Manageress)", "Aisha Fabienne Ross (Shop Assistant 1)", "Holly Weston (Shop Assistant 2)", "Eleanor Hafner (Shop Assistant 3)", "Maya Lindh (Shop Assistant 4)", "Rebecca Clay (Scent Customer)", "Erich Redman (Concierge)", "Philip Arditti (Dr. McBride)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> An important biopic, but not inspiring.\r\n\r\nBefore this film hitting the screens, I remember many experts were expecting it doing well at the Oscars. Now it's got 4 Oscar nods, even though it is very sad the movie is a hit and miss. A slipped away opportunity, had a great storyline, but the outcome was decent. An important historical biopic, at least for a certain section of the audience. I respect that, but it did not impress me as I anticipated.\r\n\r\nFrom the Academy Award winning director for the movie 'The King's Speech', and the last year's winner for a lead role, Eddie Reddmayne together did not deliver the expected masterpiece. But Alicia Vikander was so good, another brilliant co-female-star display just like Felicity Jones from Eddie's previous movie 'The Theory of Everything'. If I were a jury I would definitely give the supporting actress award to her, that's the result I'm hoping for in the next Sunday.\r\n\r\nThe actor did a hard work for the title role, in the many scenes he mastered it, but that's where I slightly disappointed. I felt his character was a little intense, maybe I'm not getting him because I'm straight. The locations, costumes, even the direction and music were good. Both the lead actors kind looks alike, no doubt on the casting, but it only should have been a bit better in exhibiting story.\r\n\r\nMaybe the pace should have been a little quicker as well as some sentimentally appealing scenes would have done good. I desperate to give more marks, but I can't go beyond this. I won't consider it a bad flick, what I meant was a missed opportunity to be a masterpiece. So overall,  it is a good watch.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "SodaCreekFilm", "content": "\"You helped bring Lili to life, but she was always there.\"\r\n\r\n_The Danish Girl_ certainly took a long time getting to the big screen. The script went through dozens of iterations after David Ebershoff\u2019s book was first was optioned. The cast changed numerous times. Directors passed it back and forth. Finally, after fifteen years of floating around, Tom Hooper\u2019s film was released. And while the lead performances were brilliant, the film itself felt a bit flat. And weirdly, this seems to be something we say far too often about films that take a long time to get to the silver screen. Join us \u2013 Pete Wright and Andy Nelson \u2013 as we wrap up our Transgender series with Hooper\u2019s 2015 film _The Danish Girl_.\r\n\r\nWe talk about what works in the film, but we really try to dig and figure out what might be causing it to have its issues. We look at the journey the book took to get to the screen, and look at the age-old question of what responsibility do filmmakers/storytellers have to the original story and the original people when making biopics. We discuss Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander and what they bring to the table here, along with their fellow thespians. We chat about the incredible look this film has and how it fits in with the story. And we touch on how this series has opened our eyes to other great films that we would love to share down the line.\r\n\r\nThis was a fun series, even if it ended on a bit of a downer note. It did give us perspective for the world of transgenders and what they go through to feel \u2018right\u2019 in their own bodies. We have a great time talking about this movie, so check it out then tune in!\r\n\r\nAndy\u2019s star rating: 3 stars\r\nPete\u2019s star rating: 3.5 stars\r\nAverage star rating: 3.25 stars\r\n\r\nTo listen to The Next Reel\u2019s episode on _The Danish Girl_, please visit: thenextreel.com/tnr/the-danish-girl.\r\n\r\nSubscribe to the show wherever the finest podcasts are served and don't forget to leave us a rating and/or a review in Apple Podcasts!\r\n\r\nFind us on:\r\nthenextreel.com, \r\nfacebook.com/thenextreel, \r\ntwitter.com/thenextreel, \r\npinterest.com/thenextreel, \r\ninstagram.com/thenextreel, \r\nletterboxd.com/thenextreel, \r\nflickchart.com/thenextreel, \r\nyoutube.com/c/thenextreelpodcast, \r\nand the podcatcher of your choice!"}], "recommandations_id": [258480, 266856, 264644, 167073], "youtube_key": "WAVj7WQfMaI"}