{"tmdb_id": 307081, "title": "La Rage au ventre", "original_title": "Southpaw", "slug_title": "la-rage-au-ventre", "date": "2015-06-15", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Champion du monde de boxe, Billy Hope m\u00e8ne une existence fastueuse avec sa superbe femme et sa fille qu\u2019il aime plus que tout. Lorsque sa femme est tu\u00e9e, son monde s\u2019\u00e9croule, jusqu\u2019\u00e0 perdre sa maison et sa fortune. Pire, la garde de sa fille lui est retir\u00e9e, la justice estimant son comportement incompatible avec son r\u00f4le de p\u00e8re. Au plus bas, il trouve une aide pr\u00e9cieuse en la personne de Tick Willis, un ancien boxeur avec lequel il reprend l\u2019entrainement. Billy va devoir se battre pour trouver la voie de la r\u00e9demption et regagner ainsi la garde de sa fille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/50d0XQQETSyg3bwBXhC7K33pKgc.jpg", "actors": ["Jake Gyllenhaal (Billy 'The Great'  Hope)", "Rachel McAdams (Maureen Hope)", "Forest Whitaker (Titus 'Tick' Wills)", "Oona Laurence (Leila Hope)", "50 Cent (Jordan Mains)", "Skylan Brooks (Hoppy)", "Naomie Harris (Angela Rivera)", "Victor Ortiz (Ramone)", "Beau Knapp (Jon Jon)", "Miguel Gomez (Miguel 'Magic' Escobar)", "Dominic Col\u00f3n (Mikey)", "Jose Caraballo (Eli Frost)", "Malcolm M. Mays (Gabe)", "Aaron Quattrocchi (Keith 'Buzzsaw' Brady)", "Lana Young (Gloria)", "Danny Henriquez (Hector Escobar)", "Patsy Meck (Judge Kayle)", "Vito Grassi (Nick)", "Tony Weeks (Referee)", "Jimmy Lennon Jr. (Jimmy Lennon Jr.)", "Charles Hoyes (Stuart Korman)", "Clare Foley (Alice)", "Rita Ora (Maria Escobar)", "Jim Lampley (Himself)", "Adam Kroloff (Simon Stillman)", "Joe Fishel (Gala Attendee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Rachel McAdams, Forest Whitaker and, specially, Jake Gyllenhaal show us how good of an actors they are. Also, we discover the great performance by Oona Laurence but that's the(one and only) big strength of the movie; its cast.\r\n\r\nThe story is the one told a thousand times without many new details that would make it any different. The directing is correct but the story is just too well known."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I can handle the rules, man, I'll handle the rules.\r\n\r\nUltimately this is just another one of those sports movies about someone who went off the rails due to tragedy, but came back to make the audience cheer. There is absolutely nothing new here, every clich\u00e9 is adhered to, every chance to tug the heart strings is prominent, while the finale is as obvious as any one who watches sports movies will expect. But these things don't make it a bad film.\r\n\r\nIt's very well mounted by the makers, expertly performed by the principal actors, and, well, there's often a time when you need a rousing pick-me-up movie. The camera work and choreography is high grade, while director Antoine Fuqua is able to keep a realistic feel to the drama throughout. It is what it is, a very well made boxing movie, it's just not champion in story, just merely a contender. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "StbMDB", "content": "As far as boxing sport movies goes Southpaw isn't a film to remember, but the whole aspect of a criminal being made a successful man because of his wife/daughter, people in his life the MC deemed to fight for, added that one drama notch to get you all goose bumped.\r\n\r\nRegardless, as far as boxing goes, these fights weren't doing it for me as a boxing sport fanatic and practitioner myself. They were unrealistic to a certain extend."}], "recommandations_id": [59440, 253412, 312221, 242582], "youtube_key": "Mh2ebPxhoLs"}