{"tmdb_id": 307199, "title": "Baharon Ki Manzil", "original_title": "\u092c\u0939\u093e\u0930\u094b\u0902 \u0915\u0940 \u092e\u0902\u091c\u093f\u0932", "slug_title": "baharon-ki-manzil", "date": "1968-01-01", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Meena Kumari wakes up thinking she is Radha. Everyone around her, Subodh Rai, daughter Nalini, friends, and society believe she is Nanda. 16 years before, the date of the film, SS Fort Stikine exploded in Mazgaon, Bombay bringing destruction, and due to the World War II censorship, not much detail was generally available. Casualty figures vary, but the explosion was of such intensity that it was recorded in Simla - about 2000 kms away. Fact and fiction come together in a dramatic way. Nanda and Radha are two sisters, living with their wealthy parents near Mazgaon Docks. Nanda is married to Subodh Rai from Darjeeling and has a daughter, Nalini. This family is affected by the blast. Rajesh Khanna (Dharmendra) a psychiatrist takes on the case of Meena Kumari. Every bit of evidence points to Meena Kumari's instability. Her attempts to prove that she is Radha and not Nanda turn out to be futile. Is Meena Kumari Nanda or Radha? Is she insane or being driven insane? Can she prove who she is?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hJSdHBgZ7hc0O60WoOFjziL2hsK.jpg", "actors": ["Dharmendra ()", "Meena Kumari ()", "Rehman ()", "Farida Jalal ()", "Tun Tun ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}