{"tmdb_id": 3074, "title": "Le spectre de Frankenstein", "original_title": "The Ghost of Frankenstein", "slug_title": "le-spectre-de-frankenstein", "date": "1942-03-13", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Les villageois se sentent menaces par le ch\u00e2teau de Frankenstein, et d\u00e9cident de le faire sauter a la dynamite. Igor d\u00e9couvre dans les d\u00e9combres, la cr\u00e9ature du comte, enferm\u00e9e dans du soufre endurci. Igor part avec le monstre un peu endommage, a la recherche de son cr\u00e9ateur, afin qu'il puisse remettre son invention sur pied...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g6Oj1hTfAvJC2kOWKcfsokQurPk.jpg", "actors": ["Cedric Hardwicke (Dr. Ludwig Frankenstein)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (The Frankenstein Monster)", "Bela Lugosi (Ygor)", "Lionel Atwill (Dr. Bohmer)", "Ralph Bellamy (Erich Ernst)", "Evelyn Ankers (Elsa Frankenstein)", "Janet Ann Gallow (Cloestine Hussman)", "Olaf Hytten (Adolph Hussman)", "Barton Yarborough (Dr. Kettering)", "Doris Lloyd (Martha)", "Lawrence Grant (Mayor of Frankenstein)", "Holmes Herbert (Magistrate of Vasaria)", "Lionel Belmore (Councilman of Frankenstein)", "Michael Mark (Councilman of Frankenstein)", "Brandon Hurst (Hans, Villager of Frankenstein)", "Dwight Frye (Villager of Frankenstein)", "Harry Cording (Vasarian Mob Leader)", "Leyland Hodgson (Vasarian Chief Gendarme)", "Janet Warren (Goose-herd)", "Jimmy Phillips (Vasarian Boy Playing Indian)", "Teddy Infuhr (Vasarian Boy)", "William Smith (Vasarian Boy)", "Richard Alexander (Villager)", "Chet Brandenburg (Villager)", "Otto Hoffman (Villager)", "Harry Tenbrook (Villager at Hearing)", "George Eldredge (Constable)", "Ernie Stanton (Constable)", "Julius Tannen (Sektal)", "Glen Walters (Mother of Hungry Children)", "Colin Clive (Dr. Henry Frankenstein (Archive))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Your father was Frankenstein. Your mother was lightning.\r\n\r\nOf course the problem with the Frankenstein sequels, of the Universal Studios kind, was that they had to follow the genre firework that was Frankenstein (1931) and the monolithic titan that followed that one in 1935, The Bride of Frankenstein. These are tough acts to follow; still are actually!\r\n\r\nSon of Frankenstein (1939) managed very well, it had Basil Rathbone in it and Bela Lugosi giving great horror oomph as Ygor. Boris Karloff bowed out as the monster after that one, leaving an iconic legacy and an insistence that the monster didn't speak. The result of Karloff's (ahem) request has proved divisive amongst Frankenstein fans, does it need a voice for personality, or is it better off as a lumbering rage machine only? Point being that in this one, he gets a voice, courtesy of Lon Chaney Junior's stint in the role, and it's not exactly a success.\r\n\r\nGhost of Frankenstein represents the start of the decline of the franchise, a noticeable drop in quality across the board. It's like Universal caught the cash cow disease and decided that quantity and not quality was what mattered. They would eventually team up the bolted necked one with Abbott and Costello, with fun results, but the horror aspects began to wane here in 1942. Lugosi is on hand for some more Ygor mischief, Cedric Hardwicke and Lionel Atwill as scientists with opposite ideals are reassuring presences, while Evelyn Ankers is sexy and costumed with a great eye for detail.\r\n\r\nAt just 67 minutes in length the film thankfully doesn't have time to be boring, though action is in short supply, so hooray for castle destruction and fire unbound! While Woody Bredell and Milton R. Krasner, via their photographic lenses ensure Gothic atmosphere is consistently ripe. Right, it's time for Universal Monster Tag Teams next... 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3103, 3077, 3076, 30793]}