{"tmdb_id": 3076, "title": "Frankenstein rencontre le loup-garou", "original_title": "Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man", "slug_title": "frankenstein-rencontre-le-loup-garou", "date": "1943-03-05", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction / Fantastique", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d3A3cf9mA6MHlgesEknh98sg9S7.jpg", "actors": ["Bela Lugosi (The Frankenstein Monster)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Lawrence Stewart Talbot, the wolfman)", "Ilona Massey (Baroness Elsa Frankenstein)", "Patric Knowles (Dr. Frank Mannering)", "Lionel Atwill (Mayor of Vasaria)", "Maria Ouspenskaya (Maleva the Gypsy)", "Dennis Hoey (Insp. Owen)", "Don Barclay (Franzec, a Vasarian)", "Rex Evans (Vazec the Innkeeper)", "Dwight Frye (Rudi, a Vasarian)", "Harry Stubbs (Guno, Vasaria policeman)", "Cyril Delevanti (Freddy Jolly (1st graverobber) (uncredited))", "Tom Stevenson (2nd Graverobber(uncredited))", "Adia Kuznetzoff (Festival Singer (uncredited))", "Doris Lloyd (Cardiff Hospital Nurse (uncredited))", "Charles Irwin (Cardiff Police Constable (uncredited))", "David Clyde (Llanwelly Police Sergeant (uncredited))", "Torben Meyer (Erno, a Gypsy (uncredited))", "Jeff Corey (Llanwelly Cemetery Keeper (uncredited))", "Martha Vickers (Maid at Inn (uncredited))", "Beatrice Roberts (Barmaid (uncredited))", "Anne G. Sterling (Gypsy Girl (uncredited))", "Sonia Darrin (Villager at Festival (extra) (uncredited))", "Lance Fuller (Villager (uncredited))", "George Calliga (Townsman (uncredited))", "Jacob Dance (Angry Townsman (uncredited))", "George Ford (Townsman (uncredited))", "Jack Gordon (Male Nurse (uncredited))", "Spec O'Donnell (Villager in Tavern (uncredited))", "Cosmo Sardo (Townsman (uncredited))", "Sarah Schwartz (Screaming Villager (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I only want to die. That's why I'm here. If I ever find peace I'll find it here.\r\n\r\nIn an effort to revitalise their monster franchise at the box offices, Universal hit on the idea of of featuring more than one monster in a movie. Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man was to be the first of many such ventures.\r\n\r\nLon Chaney Jr is back as Larry Talbot/The Wolf Man, who after being awoken by unsuspecting grave robbers, is once again tortured by his curse and desperately wants an end to his misery. Seeking out the Gypsy woman Maleva (Maria Ouspenskaya), the pair of them head off to find Dr. Frankenstein in the hope of finding a solution. He's dead, though, but there's another scientist on hand for help and as the villagers once again take unkindly to someone rekindling old nightmares, while the Frankenstein Monster (Bela Lugosi) is found preserved in ice...\r\n\r\nIt's in effect a sequel to both The Wolf Man and The Ghost of Frankenstein, though as would become the norm, Monster Frank is a bit part player in a film bearing his name. The film is delightfully brisk and with Chaney doing good work as the tortured Talbot - with the relationship between Maleva and himself quite touching - the story carries emotional weight. However, Lugosi doesn't look right for the role of the monster, Patrick Knowles' switcharoo to a mad scientist is ill thought out, while the big smack down finale is sadly all too brief.\r\n\r\nNobody in the film, except maybe Chaney, was done any favours in the editing and writing rooms, but it's still a whole bunch of fun for fans of the Universal Monsters series. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3103, 3074, 3077, 30793]}