{"tmdb_id": 3077, "title": "Le Fils de Frankenstein", "original_title": "Son of Frankenstein", "slug_title": "le-fils-de-frankenstein", "date": "1939-01-13", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort du baron Henry Frankenstein, son fils, Wolf, retourne habiter au manoir dont il a h\u00e9rit\u00e9 avec sa famille. Alors que les villageois sont toujours terrifi\u00e9s par les exp\u00e9riences jadis effectu\u00e9es par son p\u00e8re, Wolf fait la rencontre d'Ygor, ancien assistant du baron qui lui demande de l'aider \u00e0 faire rena\u00eetre le monstre de son p\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z7MomVJbOZ68jvg4wZVXZVh8kqe.jpg", "actors": ["Basil Rathbone (Baron Wolf von Frankenstein)", "Boris Karloff (The Monster)", "Bela Lugosi (Ygor)", "Lionel Atwill (Krogh)", "Josephine Hutchinson (Elsa von Frankenstein)", "Donnie Dunagan (Peter von Frankenstein)", "Emma Dunn (Amelia)", "Edgar Norton (Benson)", "Perry Ivins (Fritz)", "Lawrence Grant (B\u00fcrgermeister)", "Lionel Belmore (Lang)", "Michael Mark (Ewald Neum\u00fcller)", "Caroline Frances Cooke (Mrs. Neum\u00fcller)", "Gustav von Seyffertitz (Burgher)", "Lorimer Johnston (Burgher)", "Tom Ricketts (Burgher)", "Ward Bond (Gendarme at Gate)", "Betty Chay (Undetermined Role)", "Harry Cording (Bearded Gendarme)", "Jack Curtis (Actor)", "Russ Powell (Webber - Burgher)", "Clarence Wilson (Dr. Berger)", "Jack Harris (Extra)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Baron Wolf von Frankenstein.\r\n\r\nSon Of Frankenstein, directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Basil Rathbone as Baron Frankenstein, Boris Karloff as The Monster (his last turn as the creature), Lionel Atwill as Inspector Krogh and Bela Lugosi as Ygor. That's quite a cast list, add in a sharp script from Willis Cooper and the stunning sets from Russell Gausman, and you got a sequel that's well worth its salt.\r\n\r\nFollowing on from Bride Of Frankenstein (25 years later), the film sees son of Frankenstein Baron Wolf von Frankenstein (Rathbone) return to the family home and scene of his fathers monstrosities. Receiving a less than Luke warm reception on arrival, Wolf is presented with a box containing his fathers papers. After being told in no uncertain terms that continuing his fathers work will not be tolerable, Wolf laughs off the notion. However the next day he's out wandering in the ruins and comes across Ygor, his dead fathers assistant. Where it's revealed that \"The Monster\" is still alive but very much comatose. Wolf then becomes obsessed with bringing the monster back to full life, thus to prove his father had the right intention but not the execution of his ideas.\r\n\r\nIt's a ripper of a sequel is this, perhaps lacking in the humour that James Whale brought to the first two films, it is however a well constructed feature boasting great performances from Rathbone (the part was originally planned for Peter Lorre), Lionel Atwill (having a riot with his false arm) and Lugosi (possibly a career high in terms of substance). Lee stamps his own marker on the piece and I think the nicest thing one can say is that his film sits well with Whale's classics. The only let down is actually Karloff's monster, stripped of voice at Karloff's insistence, the monster is now reduced to being a lumbering robot. It's not a fitting farewell to the great work that Karloff did with this brilliant creation. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3074, 3103, 3076, 28421]}