{"tmdb_id": 30787, "title": "La griffe de Frankenstein", "original_title": "Horror Hospital", "slug_title": "la-griffe-de-frankenstein", "date": "1973-05-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Jason Jones, manager d'un groupe de rock, a besoin de d\u00e9compresser. Un ami lui conseille de prendre quelques jours de vacances au manoir du Docteur Storm. Arriv\u00e9 sur place, il d\u00e9couvre que le docteur transforme ses pensionnaires en robots afin de dominer le monde...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z2szw7ctCYg8HzYL7hi3LaKmsCg.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Gough (Dr. Christian Storm)", "Robin Askwith (Jason Jones)", "Vanessa Shaw (Judy Peters)", "Dennis Price (Mr. Pollack)", "Ellen Pollock (Aunt Harris)", "Skip Martin (Frederick)", "Kurt Christian (Abraham)", "Barbara Wendy (Millie)", "Kenneth Benda (Carter)", "Martin Grace (Bike Boy)", "Colin Skeaping (Bike Boy)", "George Herbert (Laboratory Assistant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Garbled mess entertains royally.\r\n\r\nIt's one of those creaky British horrors that always show up on the BBC in the early hours of the morning. The reason for this is that the only ones watching are the drunks staggering in from the pub, or the insomniacs interested in a thrill to pass the time away with. The former are the better off because this is a film where not being of sober mind can only aid the viewing.\r\n\r\nIt's bonkers in plotting, Robin Askwith (just prior to his shift into a sex comedy franchise) is a stressed out singer with a pop group. He decides to go for some R&R at a country retreat. He hooks up with Vanessa Shaw on the train journey in, and once they arrive at the retreat they find it's a bizarro world inhabited by mute bikers, lobotomised robots, a malignant dwarf and a mad doctor (Michael Gough) in a wheelchair!\r\n\r\nThat's pretty much it, not much makes sense, there's a little sexy nudity, a whole host of sequences where the zombies do nothing of interest, some scenes of the dwarf (Skip Martin) mixing potions and puddings, and some cool fake fights between Askwith and chums and the crash helmet bikers. It plods along gleefully to the finale's big reveal and chase/escape sequence, to round it off as car crash cinema. Splendidly bad and joyful in subtexts. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30934, 122268, 155450, 40158]}