{"tmdb_id": 307946, "title": "I Smile Back", "original_title": "I Smile Back", "slug_title": "i-smile-back", "date": "2015-10-23", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Laney Brooks est une femme s\u00e9duisante et intelligente qui s'occupe avec d\u00e9vouement de ses deux adorables enfants. Elle est mari\u00e9e \u00e0 l'homme id\u00e9al, qui joue au basket avec eux devant leur maison parfaitement entretenue d'une banlieue r\u00e9sidentielle. Elle poss\u00e8de la belle voiture de sport qui lui permet de conduire ses enfants \u00e0 leurs nombreuses activit\u00e9s extrascolaires\u2026 Mais, derri\u00e8re ce bonheur de fa\u00e7ade, elle cache tant bien que mal sa d\u00e9pression et ses d\u00e9sillusions qui l'entra\u00eenent vers des territoires secrets peu avouables. Et Laney peut aller jusqu'\u00e0 se mettre en danger pour lutter contre ses d\u00e9mons int\u00e9rieurs, \u00e9viter que sa vie de famille ne vole en \u00e9clats et continuer \u00e0 prot\u00e9ger les siens\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bDJ3eHY4mUAvMSCpFLkGuam3rZ7.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Silverman (Laney Brooks)", "Josh Charles (Bruce Brooks)", "Thomas Sadoski (Donny)", "Mia Barron (Susan)", "Terry Kinney (Dr. Page)", "Chris Sarandon (Roger)", "Skylar Gaertner (Eli Brooks)", "Emma Ishta (Katrina)", "Shayne Coleman (Janey Brooks)", "Nick Taylor (Guard)", "Sean Reda (Henry)", "Cynthia Darlow (Mrs. Kosinski)", "Kristin Griffith (Nurse Pauline)", "Clark Jackson (Mr. Odesky)", "Brian Koppelman (David Blackman)", "Oona Laurence (Daisy)", "Mike Sharits (Bartender)", "Mia Katigbak (Mrs. Mattingly)", "Gregory Dann (Quaker State)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> How should an ideal mother behave when she's haunted by her bad past.\r\n\r\nThe film is about a small family of two little kids and their parents, but all the focus was on the mother who is a drug addict and struggling with mental illness, yet care a lot for her children. But how long this happy family stays that way is the film going to reveal in its entire narration.\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the same name, half a million budget film, has a decent cast who have given their best for it. This is not a film you watch to enjoy, but a film about the families around us. This is a depiction of the real world story, like not all the families are happier as we see them from the outside. There are some secrets in them, which sets a bad example for their own children once they come to know the true nature of their parents. But some would decide to fight hard to make everything come back to the normal and some won't. That is where film derives, how it all ends makes this film unique from the other similar ones.\r\n\r\nI think this film was decent with an important topic. Not everyone would end up happy with their watch, because the story won't end up as they thought. The novel was written by a woman, so this is a woman's perspective tale and quite neatly told story. Not a bad direction or the screenplay, surprising the production quality was too good. Seems it is a quite family type film for involving kids, certainly the theme was very strong, so definitely for adults only. It is neither worth nor a waste of time, only if you come across to it and has no other choice, you can give it try.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [499802, 471155, 172539, 308077], "youtube_key": "gTRqt4s64SE"}