{"tmdb_id": 307924, "title": "Nuvvu Nenu", "original_title": "\u0c28\u0c41\u0c35\u0c4d\u0c35\u0c41 \u0c28\u0c47\u0c28\u0c41", "slug_title": "nuvvu-nenu", "date": "2001-08-10", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Ravi (Uday Kiran) is the son of a multimillionaire in Hyderabad. Vasundhara (Anita), is the daughter of a milk supplier. Ravi and Vasundhara both study in the same college. The film starts with Vasundhara showing hatred towards Ravi, as he is a sportsman who is not good in his studies. Over a period of time, her hatred turns into love. Finally, they both fall in love, but their parents do not agree with their marriage. Parents plan to avoid the marriage by giving the couple a clause that they should not meet each other for one year. If their love remains even after one year then their parents would agree to let them marry.  Father of Ravi puts him under house arrest in Mumbai. While Vasundhara's father takes her to his hometown and arranges a forced marriage. However, both Ravi and Vasundhara manage to escape. The rest of the story is about how the pair unites against all odds.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qGXg0cIrmgdPProV5mC6mzH3k1C.jpg", "actors": ["Uday Kiran (Ravi)", "Sunil Varma ()", "Tanikella Bharani ()", "Ahuti Prasad ()", "Telangana Sakuntala ()", "Dharmavarupu Subramanyam ()", "Radhika Chaudhari ()", "Banerjee ()", "Anita Hassanandani (Vasundhara)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}