{"tmdb_id": 30793, "title": "La maison de Dracula", "original_title": "House of Dracula", "slug_title": "la-maison-de-dracula", "date": "1945-12-07", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Le conte Dracula se rapproche du Dr Edelman afin de se d\u00e9barrasser des effets du vampirisme. Mais ce n'est qu'une ruse pour se rapprocher de la belle assistante du docteur et la convertir en vampire. Pendant ce temps, Larry Talbot cherche \u00e0 rencontrer ce docteur, lui qui souhaite sinc\u00e8rement gu\u00e9rir de sa lycanthropie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wlS7Gv2hc8uoB3T9JtzXuna0TwS.jpg", "actors": ["John Carradine (Count Dracula)", "Onslow Stevens (Dr. Franz Edelmann)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Lawrence Stewart Talbot)", "Martha O'Driscoll (Miliza Morelle)", "Jane Adams (Nina)", "Lionel Atwill (Police Inspector Holtz)", "Glenn Strange (The Frankenstein Monster)", "Skelton Knaggs (Steinmuhl)", "Ludwig St\u00f6ssel (Siegfried)", "Joseph E. Bernard (Brahms - Coroner)", "Dick Dickinson (Villager)", "Harry Lamont (Villager)", "Robert Robinson (Villager)", "Anne G. Sterling (Woman Villager)", "Fred Cordova (Gendarme)", "Carey Harrison (Gendarme)", "Gregory Marshall (Credited but Edited)", "Beatrice Gray (Credited but Edited)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The cure for your ills?\r\n\r\nHouse Of Dracula is out of Universal Pictures and is directed by Erle C. Kenton. It's written by Edward T. Lowe Jr and stars Lon Chaney Jr, John Carradine, Martha O'Driscol, Glenn Strange, Lionel Atwill, Jane Adams & Onslow Stevens. \r\n\r\nIt's a sequel to House Of Frankenstein that was released the previous year and again sees the three principal Universal monsters (Frankenstein's Monster, Count Dracula & The Wolf Man) thrust together. Plot basically involves Dracula (Carradine) & Larry Talbot/Wolf Man (Chaney Jr) turning up at Dr. Edelmann's (Stevens) mansion seeking a cure for their respective creature afflictions. Murder, blood and the unearthing of Frankenstein's monster ensues.\r\n\r\nWell it's better than House Of Frankenstein at least, but it's still tired and weary. A commercial success at the box office, it marks the last hurrah for Universal's monster pictures before the creatures went off lampooning with comedy duos. The film clocks in at just 67 minutes so with that it doesn't out stay its welcome. While the additions of Adams as a \" beautiful\" hunchback assistant, and Edelmann going through a Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde like crisis prove to be entertaining ingredients in the bonkers monster stew.\r\n\r\nPacked with flaws (both narratively and technically) that smacks of a rushed cash cow job, and unintentionally funny, House Of Dracula is watchable for Universal Monsters purists only. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3103, 22440, 3074, 32023], "youtube_key": "E5qbo4sqUNw"}