{"tmdb_id": 307964, "title": "Swarabhishekam", "original_title": "\u0c38\u0c4d\u0c35\u0c30\u0c3e\u0c2d\u0c3f\u0c37\u0c47\u0c15\u0c02", "slug_title": "swarabhishekam", "date": "2004-11-01", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Srirangam Brothers - Srinivasachari (K Viswanath) and Ranga (Srikanth) - are versatile Carnatic musicians. Srinivasachari is happily married but has no children. Ranga is a widower with two children. Srirangam Brothers are the biggest music directors in Telugu film industry (Tollywood) and compose music for only traditional and classical genres. Srirangam Brothers always try to help aspiring singers in their music compositions. Surekha (Laya), a TV anchor, falls in love with Ranga and they get married.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/thvKPUDnzl01QLTG3aUJbR8wG1b.jpg", "actors": ["Srikanth Meka ()", "Sivaji Sontineni ()", "Laya ()", "Urvashi ()", "K. Viswanath ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "dskc", "content": "This is a story about brothers, famous for music. The trouble arises when the younger gets married to another character. The movie shows the sensitive emotions of a newly wed couple and how they resolve to be with the family, as together. <br />\r\nThis is a musical treat is provided by various great singers of film industry, such as, SP Balasubrahmanyam, KL Yesudas, Shankar Mahadevan, Mano, KS Chithra as well as SP Sailaja. These were supported by, Sunitha, Madhu Bala Krishnan, Sri Ram Partha Sarthy and Radhika."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}