{"tmdb_id": 308032, "title": "The Prison Experiment - L'Exp\u00e9rience de Stanford", "original_title": "The Stanford Prison Experiment", "slug_title": "the-prison-experiment-l-experience-de-stanford", "date": "2015-07-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "La chronique de la funeste \"Exp\u00e9rience de Stanford\", une simulation scientifique organis\u00e9e par l'universit\u00e9 am\u00e9ricaine en 1971 tentant d'explorer les effets de l'enfermement carc\u00e9ral sur les prisonniers et leurs ge\u00f4liers...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fQnxFUuLajYHQlUOHJ6LkkZPqb6.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Crudup (Dr. Philip Zimbardo)", "Michael Angarano (Christopher Archer)", "Ezra Miller (Daniel Culp / Prisoner 8612)", "Tye Sheridan (Peter Mitchell / Prisoner 819)", "Olivia Thirlby (Dr. Christina Maslach)", "Nelsan Ellis (Jesse Fletcher)", "Mois\u00e9s Arias (Anthony Carroll)", "Nicholas Braun (Karl Vandy)", "Gaius Charles (Paul Vogel)", "Keir Gilchrist (John Lovett)", "Ki Hong Lee (Gavin Lee / Prisoner 3401)", "Thomas Mann (Prisoner 416)", "Logan Miller (Jerry Sherman / Prisoner 5486)", "Johnny Simmons (Jeff Jansen / Prisoner 1037)", "James Wolk (Mike Penny)", "Matt Bennett (Kyle Parker)", "Jesse Carere (Paul Beattie / Prisoner 5704)", "Brett Davern (Hubbie Whitlow / Prisoner 7258)", "James Frecheville (Matthew Townshend)", "Miles Heizer (Marshall Lovett)", "Jack Kilmer (Jim Randall / Prisoner 4325)", "Callan McAuliffe (Henry Ward)", "Benedict Samuel (Jacob Harding)", "Chris Sheffield (Tom Thompson / Prisoner 2093)", "Harrison Thomas (Andrew Ceros)", "Albert Malafronte (Father MacAllister)", "Danielle Lauder (Mary Ann)", "Jim Klock (Warren)", "Kate Butler (Mrs. Mitchell)", "James C. Victor (Mr. Mitchell)", "Fred Ochs (Professor Jim Cook)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Be cautious about what you're signing for!**\r\n\r\nDo you remember the Kubrick's film 'A Clockwork Orange', well, I'm not saying it is the same or similar film or storyline, but it reminded how it affects those people who are involved in a similar kind experiment. This is not too violent like that film, but it has its share where some might feel uncomfortable. Except in the opening and some other parts, the entire film takes place in a single location, most likely a studio setting. That part was well done, including the screenplay and direction. One of the rare films, about the rare subject, in some way it is a must see, but seems not suitable for everyone.\r\n\r\nIt is a nice concept, but it was based on the real. It all begins when a university professor decides to conduct an experiment in the summer holiday where some students came forward to be the part of it. It is a two week long project, so the first day goes off well and then the real problem begins when a small incident leads to a series of others in the following days. How the remaining days goes and what were the results of the experiment is disclosed in the later parts.\r\n\r\nThere are many edgy events; I thought it might get ugly at some point of the narration, but stayed real and ended with a good intention. It is a collection of good performances, everyone did their parts well. Particularly those student cast. Not many of them are famous, but the film provided quite an equal share of screenspace. It is not just an entertaining film, a character study as well. First of all, it is not a usual story, so if you decide to watch it, expect accordingly. I think it is a good film to give a try for once.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [309299, 339405, 146015, 307946], "youtube_key": "3XN2X72jrFk"}