{"tmdb_id": 308084, "title": "Tangerine", "original_title": "Tangerine", "slug_title": "tangerine", "date": "2015-07-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "24 heures dans la vie d\u2019une dr\u00f4le de Cendrillon qui traverse la cit\u00e9 des anges \u00e0 la recherche de sa rivale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iSqf5MR4Df89Iz4KRApcP32IvZc.jpg", "actors": ["Kitana Kiki Rodriguez (Sin-Dee Rella)", "Mya Taylor (Alexandra)", "Karren Karagulian (Razmik)", "Mickey O'Hagen (Dinah)", "Alla Tumanian (Ashken)", "James Ransone (Chester)", "Luiza Nersisyan (Yeva)", "Arsen Grigoryan (Karo)", "Ian Edwards (Nash)", "Scott Krinsky (Parsimonious John)", "Clu Gulager (The Cherokee)", "Josh Sussman (Retch Chunder)", "Ana Foxxx (Selena)", "Chelcie Lynn (Madam Jillian)", "Jason Stuart (Joey the Doorman)", "John Gulager (Shower Head)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**On the Christmas eve in the LA streets.**\r\n\r\nJust one day event based theme and brilliantly made film. This film was made using iPhone 5s and this is not some film school project. The quality was really top notch, with great performances by all who involved in. I have never seen such perfectly rendered transgender story. I mean no offense, but it looked so real. Hats off to the director, writer and the actors.\r\n\r\nLast year, there were some talks about this film's chances at the Oscars, but in the end it did not make. So after that I kind of lost interest in it, but now I had an opportunity to watch and I liked it very much. How a simple story and its simple characters developed were the highlights. You can't predict this stuff, because you won't know what comes after the each twist.\r\n\r\nMost of the film takes place on the evening time, so that colour of the sky is what the title represents. I don't think anybody would dislike this film. It was slow, but short and sweet. One of the best films from the 2015. You much choose this to watch for its uniqueness in the filmmaking and the storytelling. In addition to that, it also entertains, so there's your reason to go for it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [309245, 285024, 121986, 300542], "youtube_key": "ALSwWTb88ZU"}