{"tmdb_id": 308453, "title": "The Bronze", "original_title": "The Bronze", "slug_title": "the-bronze", "date": "2016-01-22", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une ancienne m\u00e9daill\u00e9e de bronze en gymnastique fonci\u00e8rement grossi\u00e8re doit se battre pour conserver son statut de c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9 locale lorsqu'une nouvelle athl\u00e8te en vogue fait son apparition en ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g9l0GiyeIROAK7r5DbrxBr5LZ1k.jpg", "actors": ["Melissa Rauch (Hope Annabelle Greggory)", "Gary Cole (Stan Greggory)", "Haley Lu Richardson (Maggie Townsend)", "Thomas Middleditch (Ben Lawfort)", "Sebastian Stan (Lance Tucker)", "Cecily Strong (Janice Townsend)", "Dale Raoul (Doris)", "Craig Kilborn (Heath Parker)", "Dominique Dawes (Dominique Dawes)", "Olga Korbut (Olga Korbut)", "Dominique Moceanu (Dominique Moceanu)", "Barak Hardley (Matt)", "Michael Shamus Wiles (Vet)", "Ellery Sprayberry (Teenage Hope)", "Kathryn Ding (Christa)", "Stephanie Bertoni (TV Reporter)", "Brian Binder (Ryan)", "John Thobaben (Tony)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The life of an arrogant and mean farmer Olympic medal winner.\r\n\r\nSurprised to see how the film was received. I mean it was not based on the real or something, the film was not bad either. A decent story and performances, but partially an inspiring theme. You know, of course, in the sports its about winning the medals, only till certain stage, then the time comes to end our journey for various reasons. But still there are other ways to use our gifts like on coaching and encouraging the young talents. That's what this film is about, and I enjoyed watching it.\r\n\r\nThe highlight was it looks some kind of a biographical film, but as I said it's not. I think the screenplay was well written, but pretty predictable story, especially the romance parts were outdated. The sport section was quite refreshing. The jokes were the okay type. The sex scene was awesome. It might be a little overdone, but well composed gymnastic poses. I liked the father-daughter sentiment. It was not emotional with great dialogues, but still a father fighting for his daughter to stand on her own feet was really good to see.\r\n\r\nIt is a chick flick, so both the lead girls were excellent. Pretty much impressive gymnastic stunts. Obviously the stunt double used for some of those parts. Had a good runtime and shot in wonderful places. A small budget film that shot within a month of time, but a great production quality. Entertaining film, but disappointment is it did not do well as expected at the box office. It is not a greatest sports film of all time, but I think there's no harm watching it once, you will realise that after giving it a try.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [174343, 381040, 59441, 19033], "youtube_key": "f_1D9wSeVsI"}