{"tmdb_id": 308486, "title": "Dark Delusion", "original_title": "Dark Delusion", "slug_title": "dark-delusion", "date": "1947-06-24", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "After 15 entries, MGM's \"Dr. Kildare\" series came to a quiet end with Dark Delusion. Although Dr. Leonard Gillespie (Lionel Barrymore), crusty chief surgeon at Blair General Hospital, is officially the leading character, most of the footage is devoted to Gillespie's outspoken prot\u00e9g\u00e9, Dr. Tommy Coalt (James Craig). The film's central crisis involves Cynthia Grace (Lucille Bremer), a spoiled socialite suffering from a blood clot. Not unexpectedly, Tommy falls in love with Cynthia (much to her parents' dismay), and soon he's drawing up plans to marry the girl and setting up private practice in a smaller town. Coincidentally, this was the same sort of dilemma facing Gillespie's most famous prot\u00e9g\u00e9, Dr Kildare, in the initial series entry Young Dr. Kildare (Perhaps MGM was hoping to bring things full circle with a new \"Dr. Coalt\" series)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kdw4RJZzz1VxPgDEZWerDrCOTiw.jpg", "actors": ["Lionel Barrymore (Dr. Leonard Gillespie)", "James Craig (Dr. Tommy Coalt)", "Lucille Bremer (Cynthia Grace)", "Jayne Meadows (Mrs. Selkirk)", "Warner Anderson (Teddy Selkirk)", "Henry Stephenson (Dr. Evans Biddle)", "Alma Kruger (Molly Byrd)", "Keye Luke (Dr. Lee Wong How)", "Lester Matthews (Wyndham Grace)", "Art Baker (Dr. Sanford Burson)", "Geraldine Wall (Mrs. Rowland)", "Marie Blake (Sally)", "Nell Craig (Nurse Parker)", "George Reed (Conover)", "Russell Hicks (Mr. Logan)", "Gary Gray (Boy Patient)", "Jack Rice (Floorwalker)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}