{"tmdb_id": 308456, "title": "The Abolitionists", "original_title": "The Abolitionists", "slug_title": "the-abolitionists", "date": "2013-01-08", "genre": ["Documentaire / Histoire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Radicals. Agitators. Troublemakers. Liberators. Called many names, the abolitionists tore the nation apart in order to create a more perfect union. Men and women, black and white, Northerners and Southerners, poor and wealthy\u2014these passionate anti-slavery activists fought body and soul in the most important civil rights crusade in American history. What began as a pacifist movement fueled by persuasion and prayer became a fiery and furious struggle that forever changed the nation.  The Abolitionists takes place during some of the most violent and contentious decades in American history. It reveals how the movement shaped history by exposing the fatal flaw of a republic founded on liberty for some and bondage for others. In the face of personal risks\u2014beating, imprisonment, even death\u2014abolitionists held fast to their cause, laying the civil rights groundwork for the future and raising weighty constitutional and moral questions that are still with us today.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o13ZN26qjYtizQb6s3wsFCmX3NC.jpg", "actors": ["Oliver Platt (Narrator (voice))", "Richard Brooks (Frederick Douglass)", "Neal Huff (William Lloyd Garrison)", "Jeanine Serralles (Angelina Grimk\u00e9)", "Kate Lyn Sheil (Harriet Beecher Stowe)", "T. Ryder Smith (John Brown)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}