{"tmdb_id": 308821, "title": "Storm in mijn hoofd", "original_title": "Storm in mijn hoofd", "slug_title": "storm-in-mijn-hoofd", "date": "2001-03-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "The actor Lucas Bron performs the play King Lear by William Shakespeare for the pupils of his son Patja. After the show, Patja has already got home when he is warned that his father's house is on fire. He rushes to the fateful spot. The fire brigade has already arrived and is unable to say whether his father is still in the house. Patja desperately runs into the burning house and finds his father unconscious on the kitchen floor. But Lucas' spirit is in the theatre. In a magic train of thought, just before he dies, Lucas directs and acts, assisted by his son, high points and low from his eventful life in the theatre, but also outside. Theatre and reality become intertwined. It slowly becomes clear that Lucas still has something to tell his son.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Coen Flink ()", "Pierre Bokma ()", "Will van Kralingen ()", "Suzanna Davina ()", "Jappe Claes ()", "Gijs Scholten van Aschat ()", "Sacha Bulthuis ()", "Leny Breederveld ()", "Freerk Bos ()", "Stefan Jung ()", "Aus Greidanus Jr. ()", "Gonny Gaakeer ()", "Carice van Houten ()", "Hedy Wiegner ()", "Arthur Roffelsen ()", "Mark Kleuskens ()", "Max Klatzer ()", "Jeroen van Oostrom ()", "Sijtze van der Meer ()", "Mohammed Azaay ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}