{"tmdb_id": 3090, "title": "Le Tr\u00e9sor de la Sierra Madre", "original_title": "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre", "slug_title": "le-tresor-de-la-sierra-madre", "date": "1948-01-24", "genre": "Aventure / Drame / Western", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Dobbs et Curtis travaillent sur un chantier dont le chef part avec le salaire des ouvriers. Ils partent \u00e0 sa recherche et r\u00e9cup\u00e8rent leur argent. Puis ils s'associent avec le vieil Howard pour exploiter un filon d'or dans la Sierra Madre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qyN5qGUxfXFXLuuRwDScRxOiqhz.jpg", "actors": ["Humphrey Bogart (Fred C. Dobbs)", "Walter Huston (Howard)", "Tim Holt (Bob Curtin)", "Bruce Bennett (James Cody)", "Barton MacLane (Pat McCormick)", "Alfonso Bedoya (Gold Hat)", "Arturo Soto Rangel (El Presidente)", "Manuel Dond\u00e9 (El Jefe)", "Jos\u00e9 Torvay (Pablo)", "Margarito Luna (Pancho)", "Robert Blake (Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets (uncredited))", "John Huston (American in Tampico in White Suit (uncredited))", "Jack Holt (Flophouse Bum (uncredited))", "Ann Sheridan (Pretty woman walking past barbershop (uncredited))", "Jay Silverheels (Indian Guide at Pier (uncredited))", "Guillermo Calles (Mexican Storeowner (uncredited))", "Roberto Ca\u00f1edo (Mexican Lieutenant (uncredited))", "Spencer Chan (Proprietor (uncredited))", "Jacqueline Dalya (Flashy Girl (uncredited))", "Ralph Dunn (Flophouse Bum (uncredited))", "Pat Flaherty (Customer in Bar Who Warns Curtin and Dobbs about Pat McCormick (uncredited))", "Mart\u00edn Garralaga (Railroad Conductor (uncredited))", "Julian Rivero (Barber (uncredited))", "Harry J. Vejar (Bartender (uncredited))", "Clifton Young (Flophouse Bum (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Fantastic movie with great cast and a thrilling story. Bogart performs great."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I wanted something very special to be my 5,000th film (at least to my horrible memory and to my stats on IMDb), and so after brazen and intense thought, I decided on a later-than-expected watch of a classic from Bogart's association with John Huston. I say later than expected because I bought the immaculate 24-film Humphrey Bogart Collection, which was supposed to have it on its 12 double-sided DVDs, but it accidentally had, in its place, the special features disc, which held excellent feature-length documentaries on both John Huston and the making of the film. Thus I waited until recently, when I found the blu for a very good price and went for it.\r\n\r\nIt was worth the wait. The ultimate tale of sordid greed. Without going into detail or spoilers, everyone got exactly what they deserved. My only qualm is that after a splendid cameo by the director (whom when I think of that aspect of his career, I will always fondly think of 'Chinatown'), I was hoping we'd end up seeing more of his character. That would have been even more wonderful for me.\r\n\r\nHopefully I will see and rate another 5,000--and I'm very curious if and when I do, what film I'll choose for THAT milestone..."}], "recommandations_id": [963, 596, 910, 1092]}