{"tmdb_id": 309299, "title": "Experimenter", "original_title": "Experimenter", "slug_title": "experimenter", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Stanley Milgram et son exp\u00e9rience d'ob\u00e9issance \u00e0 l'universit\u00e9 de Yale en 1961 : des personnes ont \u00e9t\u00e9 persuad\u00e9es qu'elles envoyaient des d\u00e9charges \u00e9lectriques puissantes \u00e0 de parfaits inconnus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gyFMUvk7gDMYQa988CaYz65COks.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Sarsgaard (Stanley Milgram)", "Winona Ryder (Sasha Menkin Milgram)", "Edoardo Ballerini (Paul Hollander)", "Jim Gaffigan (James McDonough)", "Anthony Edwards (Miller)", "Ned Eisenberg (Solomon Asch)", "Lori Singer (Florence Asch)", "Taryn Manning (Mrs. Lowe)", "Anton Yelchin (Rensaleer)", "John Leguizamo (Taylor)", "Kellan Lutz (William Shatner)", "Dennis Haysbert (Ossie Davis)", "Emily Tremaine (Shelia Jarcho)", "Vondie Curtis-Hall (Thomas Shine)", "Harley Ware (Alan Elms)", "Betty Gabriel (Sally)", "Emily Vere Nicoll (Donna Abbott)", "John Palladino (John Williams)", "Danny A. Abeckaser (Braverman)", "Donnie Keshawarz (Bruno)", "Tom Farrell (Whittaker)", "Xavier Fan (Taketo Murato)", "Gary Shteyngart (Wortheimer)", "Abe Altman (Curtis)", "Paul Lazar (Paul Lazar)", "Gameela Wright (Mrs. Greer)", "Adriana Randall (Mrs. Stein)", "Josh Hamilton (Tom Shannon)", "Pascal Yen-Pfister (Serge Moscovici)", "Lucy Fava (Michele Milgram)", "Jude Patrick White (Marc Milgram)", "Mark Elliot Wilson (Mr. Abe Lincoln)", "Emerson Rosenthal (Maury Silver)", "Tom Bateman (Dick Cavett)", "Karl Geary (Stephen Macht)", "Jicky Schnee (Woman in Yellow)", "Derek Chadwick (Harvard Student)", "Benjamin Russell (Harvard Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A tale of the man who gave a breakthrough in the human psychology.\r\n\r\nA movie about the experiments on the human behaviour and for us, there's nothing in it but to study those characters along. This is more a documentary than the cheerful characters and the story with a twist. So forget it if you are looking for an entertainment film.\r\n\r\nBased on the true story of an American social psychologist Stanley Milgram. The film narrates the story of his controversial experiments and personal life that takes us back to the 60s. Not all the discoveries were accepted in its first revelation. Sometimes it takes time to realise its benefits like perhaps this one.\r\n\r\nThe film was boring because it was a drama about an important turning point in the human psychology. So all the major parts of the story were just talking and it never required physical stretch from its characters like running and chasing around. If you're interested in psychology and its related stuffs, then you might like it.\r\n\r\nBesides, the romance was a small part of what the film was focused on as its title mentioned. It does not mean I dislike it for not enjoying. In fact, I would have rated it better only if it was a documentary film. But still I'm happy with the product. Overall a decent film with the decent performances.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [281418, 245698, 353441, 56607]}