{"tmdb_id": 309245, "title": "Mistress America", "original_title": "Mistress America", "slug_title": "mistress-america", "date": "2015-08-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9tudiante en premi\u00e8re ann\u00e9e dans une universit\u00e9 de New York, Tracy se sent bien seule : elle ne fait ni les rencontres exaltantes auxquelles elle s'attendait, ni ne m\u00e8ne la vie urbaine tr\u00e9pidante \u00e0 laquelle elle aspirait. Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 elle est accueillie par sa future demi-soeur Brooke, New-Yorkaise pure et dure habitant \u00e0 Times Square. S\u00e9duite par les extravagances de Brooke, Tracy d\u00e9couvre enfin le Manhattan dont elle r\u00eavait", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hGkp5ZoyWF7aROTUSakmrJqfz62.jpg", "actors": ["Greta Gerwig (Brooke Cardinas)", "Lola Kirke (Tracy Fishko)", "Charlie Gillette (Carey)", "Dean Wareham (Harold)", "Heather Lind (Mamie-Claire)", "Seth Barrish ()", "Juliet Brett ()", "Michael Chernus (Dylan)", "Cindy Cheung (Karen)", "Shana Dowdeswell ()", "Rebecca Henderson (Anna Wheeler)", "Jasmine Cephas Jones (Nicolette)", "Kathryn Erbe (Tracy's Mother)", "Matthew Shear (Tony)", "Clare Foley (Peggy)", "Mickey Sumner (Fake Brooke)", "Kareem Williams (Kareem)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Mistress America is a good depict of that character which is like a bonfire (using the same words Tracy use at the end of the picture), which attracts insects with its light only to be burnt and which brights strong to be completely consumed. Only paying attention to itself and putting all the world in accordance to its needs.\r\n\r\nThe script is brilliant and the cast is well chosen and performs well. However, this story around this character and around the starting of adulthood and chasing of dreams is not really appealing to me. Somehow boring ..."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A sudden sparkling change in a moody life.\r\n\r\nThe second collaboration between the director and Greta Gerwig. I just love their works, together they write awesome story and create a cinematic magic. Kind of rare filmmakers, only a very few from the past to compare these two to them. It was another quirky comedy, especially if you liked 'Frances Ha' you would like this as well. I hope they would come for the third time to complete 'An Untalented Girl from NYC' trilogy.\r\n\r\nIt was not as good as the previous film, but nothing short of awesome entertainment. I am surprised a few of those who liked that movie did not favour it. I knew it would be a chick comedy, accordingly, I was not expecting beyond that. But like all the time when I decide to watch a movie, I wanted it to be a better entertainer than the one I saw in the earlier. That's what everyone do, it was like the sea tides, the rise and fall is inevitable. Some would like it and some won't, but to me it was a very good.\r\n\r\nUnlike 'Frances Ha', here there are two lead characters, both are young adult women, but the entire narration was from one person's perspective. That is, a college freshman Tracy. How her life follows, especially after meeting a girl who's soon-to-be her step-sister. As in a new place and socially inept, she finds her way to be joyous and adventurous, meets some new people and makes them friends. But how long this unplanned pleasure remains with her and what are all changes makes to her rest of the life is the remaining movie.\r\n\r\n> \"I am so impressed by you and so worried for you at the same time.\"\r\n\r\nIt was a simple and soft narration, but engaging characters and well paced with a chain of fine comedies. Apart from writing and direction, the supporting cast was the best feature. It was a tiny twist at the end, but extremely essential to break the steady sequence to bring a diversion. Since that part, I have been wondering about the conclusion, but the makeover was really excellent, I think it was touching yet as I expected.\r\n\r\nThis is Lola Kirke's major role I've seen. She was fantastic and I hope to see her in more films in the lead. It was one of the best on-screen chemistry between her and Greta. There were many beautiful lines spoken between these two, very memorable and quotable ones. With all these top quality, if one still don't like, then he must be bored of watching plenty of similar themes. But that should not be a reason to trash it, because that is his personal issue to deal who's dumping on this one is totally unfair.\r\n\r\nThis movie was unique, fun, touching, heartbreaking, likeable characters, filled with cheerful moments and overall one of the best recent films I have seen. It was more like a friendship movie on trust and commitment. The portrayal was at its best, an example of how a life can turn around in a matter of time. But how much more trustworthy is this sudden change and the best uses of it was the movie that told very nicely. I won't say it is a must see, but personally I feel that way.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [121986, 251736, 250124, 308084]}