{"tmdb_id": 30931, "title": "Dark Night of the Scarecrow", "original_title": "Dark Night of the Scarecrow", "slug_title": "dark-night-of-the-scarecrow", "date": "1981-10-24", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Une petite ville des Etats-Unis devient le th\u00e9\u00e2tre d\u2019une histoire terrifiante dans laquelle un groupe d\u2019hommes met en place une v\u00e9ritable chasse \u00e0 l\u2019homme, afin de venger le meurtre d\u2019une petite fille par un habitant un peu simple d\u2019esprit. Malheureusement, ces derniers vont se rendre compte une fois leur m\u00e9fait accompli que l\u2019homme en question \u00e9tait innocent des accusations port\u00e9es contre lui. Des \u00e9v\u00e8nements plus qu\u2019\u00e9tranges vont alors survenir durant les sombres et silencieuses nuits de cet \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9touffant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ykJGO19spTaJw8pIukcO3ccfz48.jpg", "actors": ["Larry Drake (Bubba Ritter)", "Charles Durning (Otis P. Hazelrigg)", "Robert F. Lyons (Skeeter Norris)", "Claude Earl Jones (Philby)", "Lane Smith (Harless Hocker)", "Tonya Crowe (Marylee Williams)", "Jocelyn Brando (Mrs. Ritter)", "Tom Taylor (D.A. Sam Willock)", "Richard McKenzie (Judge Henry)", "Ivy Jones (Mrs. Willams)", "James Tartan (Mr. Williams)", "Ed Call (Defense Attorney)", "John Steadman (Mr. Loomis)", "Dave Adams (Deputy)", "Ivy Bethune (Mrs. Hocker)", "Alice Nunn (Mrs. Bunch)", "Dennis Robertson (Ray)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bubba Didn\u2019t Do it\u2026\r\n\r\nDark Night of the Scarecrow is directed by Frank De Felitta and written by J.D. Feigelson and Butler Handcock. It stars Charles Durning, Larry Drake, Tonya Crowe, Jocelyn Brando, Lane Smith and Claude Earl Jones. Music is by Glenn Paxton and cinematography by Vincent Martinelli.\r\n\r\nSmall town Americana and Bubba Ritter (Drake), a friendly but mentally challenged man, is falsely accused of attacking and severely injuring young Marylee Williams (Crowe). Four of the town residents, with hate and ignorance driving them on, hunt down Bubba and find him hiding as a scarecrow in a field. Murdering him, they claim self defence and walk free from court. It\u2019s not long afterwards, though, that the men start to see a scarecrow in their midst\u2026\r\n\r\nSome things from movies just stay with you from when you were a wee youngster, I still remember the first time I heard the anguished cry of Bubba Ritter stating that he didn\u2019t do the crime he was being hunted for. Dark Night of the Scarecrow stood out by some considerable mile as one of the best TV horror movies I saw as a youth, not for things that I would later appreciate in film making as I got older, but just for sheer terror of a scarecrow stalking his prey for divine retribution. How wonderful to revisit the movie three decades later and find that it is still one of the best TV horror movies out there.\r\n\r\nOh it doesn\u2019t terrify now, though it still packs a sense of unease and keeps scarecrows firmly in the realm of creepyville, but it has a style so sorely lacking in many of today\u2019s horrors. There is no need to bludgeon us with slash and stalk, showing us gore front and centre, the makers here are subtle, refusing even to put the scarecrow in the limelight like Michael or Jason. There\u2019s a smart ambiguity about the supernatural elements, keeping the mystery element strong as the guilty men begin to crack and head towards their real judgement.\r\n\r\nSimmering away nicely in the narrative is of course the vile stench of bigotry, and the pain inflicted by such narrow minds. There is also a dark thread left dangling that suggests one of the guilty men is impure of thoughts towards little Marylee, one of the very things he whipped up as reason to hound Bubba for. Some thought went into the screenplay, and it\u2019s credit to the writers that it never becomes a moral crusade, while the crafting of the lovely innocent friendship between Bubba and Marylee is beautifully born out by actors and technicians alike.\r\n\r\nDurning and Drake dominate the movie with classy shows, impressive in Drake\u2019s case as he is only in it for a short amount of time, but the work of young Tonya Crowe puts her in the club that houses best child performances of the 80s. Her reactions to Bubba and Otis (Durning) naturally call for different human emotions, and she in turn nails the aspects of youthful innocence and mature awareness of who the monster actually is. The photography is textured, the music equally so, and there\u2019s even some shards of humour and irony along the way.\r\n\r\nI can imagine many of today\u2019s horror fans going into Dark Night of the Scarecrow and being very disappointed not to get a Voorhees type movie, while some more sensitive viewers may find the portrayals of backwater folk as being ignorantly stereotyped by the makers. It isn\u2019t for every horror fan, without a doubt, and clearly it\u2019s not perfect, but to those who loved it back when it first showed, those who are jaded by how this type of sub-genre of horror has evolved into bloody overkill and remake/sequel hell, then Dark Night of the Scarecrow is in fact a minor classic. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27328, 40969, 27313, 26811]}