{"tmdb_id": 309304, "title": "Grandma", "original_title": "Grandma", "slug_title": "grandma", "date": "2015-06-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Une vieille po\u00e8te apprend que sa petite fille de dix-huit ans est enceinte. Toutes deux entament alors un voyage, pour se r\u00e9concilier avec leur pass\u00e9 douloureux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aosVg3AUMcpuZrgIcpMIzxTgXx0.jpg", "actors": ["Lily Tomlin (Elle)", "Julia Garner (Sage)", "Marcia Gay Harden (Judy)", "Judy Greer (Olivia)", "Laverne Cox (Deathy)", "Elizabeth Pe\u00f1a (Carla)", "Sarah Burns (Jill)", "Colleen Camp (Bonobo Customer)", "Lauren Tom (Doctor)", "Judy Geeson (Francesca)", "Frank Collison (Mike)", "Sam Elliott (Karl)", "Carlos Miranda (Young Man)", "John Cho (Chau)", "Nat Wolff (Cam)", "Aaron Bilyeu (Tattoo Artist)", "Mo Aboul-Zelof (Ian)", "Missy Doty (Mom)", "Don McManus (Dad)", "Willem Miller (Kid)", "Skya Chanadet (Sister)", "Sarah Burns (Protestor)", "Meg Crosbie (Protestor Girl)", "Kelsey Scott (Nurse)", "Marlene Martinez (Receptionist)", "Reggie Watkins (Mechanic)", "Amir Talai (Omid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The mother of mother, that means who cares you in two-folds.\r\n\r\nThere are many aged actors in Hollywood, since Lily Tomlin acted in it, I won't consider it a bad choice. Because she was amazing in the title role, I never doubted since I saw the first trailer and the movie delivered as much as I expected. The rest of the cast was also fantastic. I liked the simplicity of its storytelling.\r\n\r\nIt was a short movie. I think that was an advantage for a small theme movie like this. Don't underestimate it for its small budget, the production quality was great, but you know it's packed with predictable stuffs yet very entertaining, a slightly under-appreciated movie. It was shot within the 20 days and in the era of mega films like 'Fury Road', there are audience to acknowledge for a little flick like this. Whatever your verdict going to be I say just watch it.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of original 'American Pie', who had lots of ups and downs in his career, but most of them were low profile flicks, even though those had big names in the cast. This is one of his best, at least in the recent time. I know this is just a one-off movie, but I won't mind if the a couple of sequels follows from here. Because this is a wonderful concept, not just for fun, I consider it a slice of someone's real life.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 250124, 328589, 323967], "youtube_key": "KkYrHaLOVrM"}