{"tmdb_id": 309503, "title": "Zipper", "original_title": "Zipper", "slug_title": "zipper", "date": "2015-08-28", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Sam Ellis est un homme politique ambitieux, \u00e0 qui tout r\u00e9ussit. Mais son amour inconditionnel pour les femmes pourrait bien le faire chuter...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/M8rEvxgZbtJIPNofRK6DGc3Ps3.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Wilson (Sam Ellis)", "Lena Headey (Jeannie Ellis)", "Richard Dreyfuss (George Hiller)", "Ray Winstone (Coaker)", "John Cho (EJ)", "Dianna Agron (Dalia)", "Elena Satine (Ellie Green)", "Alexandra Breckenridge (Christy)", "Christopher McDonald (Peter Kirkland)", "Penelope Mitchell (Laci)", "Shauna Rappold (Heidi)", "Christian Oliver (Max)", "Daniela Lavender (Saleswoman)", "Han Soto (Agent Park)", "Marco St. John (John Tamlin)", "Billy Slaughter (Sam's Aide)", "Thomas Francis Murphy (Agent Strellitz)", "Phil Austin (Mayor Jonas Stiegel)", "Mercedes Manning (Henrietta Flynn)", "Gustavo I. Ortiz (Nurse Wilson)", "David Maldonado (Father)", "Kelton DuMont (James Ellis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Giving up it completely does not erase the ugly side.**\r\n\r\nIt's a funny title for a serious film. I have heard the film was loosely based on a real scandal. This is the story of a federal prosecutor whose life has been decent until he becomes addicted to the escort service. As his wife is pushing him for entering the politics, on the other side, he's unable to come out of his new habit. The time comes when both these things can't go together, he has to pick the side and that brings the end to the tale.\r\n\r\nReally an interesting story aspect, but slightly I was not happy with how it was presented on the screen. Though the characters were excellent and the perfect executions by its actors. Patrick Wilson was good, even in a small screenspace Lena Headey excelled. The other characters influenced quite strongly in the film. Like their intentions over the film events which played a major twist in the storytelling. The people can go any length to achieve the bigger thing is the one of the main messages of the film.\r\n\r\nThe theme was strong, but there were some weaker spots in the narrations. Although, an acceptable and enjoyable film. The end was totally unexpected, but unbelievably not that smart from the character's perspective. Surely an average film, but definitely not a bad or an awesome film. Its about the scandal of a high profile figure or at least trying to be, though everything were told from a single angle. So I hope you watch it and give an honest opinion than going against it from even before the start just because everybody already doing that.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "Zipper stars Patrick Wilson as rising state prosecutor Sam Ellis. He seems to be happily married to a loving wife, Jeannie (Lena Headey) who comes from a powerful family and he is being groomed to climb the greasy political ladder.\r\n\r\nHowever Sam is addicted to internet porn and soon develops a habit in using a high class exclusive escort agency. This sex addiction leads to danger as the escort agency is under investigation from the police, his wife is suspicious and a journalist Coaker (Ray Winsone) is sniffing around for a story and threatens to expose him.\r\n\r\nWilson has developed a nice sideline in playing sleazy characters who might have gone too far. The trouble is this film does not go anywhere. Sam's wife knows Coaker and what makes him tick, it really is a case of the rich and powerful can keep the secrets hidden in the closet but the question is can Sam keep his zipper up? The film leaves this uncertain."}], "recommandations_id": [281418, 80294, 404531, 545957], "youtube_key": "djHd68RfzIo"}