{"tmdb_id": 30975, "title": "Le bonheur d'\u00eatre aim\u00e9", "original_title": "Love's Unending Legacy", "slug_title": "le-bonheur-d-etre-aime", "date": "2007-04-07", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Au XIXe si\u00e8cle, Missie LaHaye, une jeune veuve, retourne chez ses parents pour \u00e9lever son fils dans de meilleures conditions. Elle devient institutrice et adopte une adolescente s\u00e9par\u00e9e de son petit fr\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/errOAdq5f2lYCcE94GDDPXHfHpv.jpg", "actors": ["Erin Cottrell (Missie LaHaye)", "Holliston Coleman (Belinda Marshall-LaHaye)", "Victor Browne (Sherrif Zack Tyler)", "Hank Stratton (Pastor Joe)", "Braeden Lemasters (Jacob Marshall-LaHaye)", "Dave Florek (Hank Pettis)", "Stephanie Nash (Mrs. Pettis)", "Bret Loehr (Calvin)", "Dale Midkiff (Clark Davis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 5. The stories of Missie and the orphan siblings: Uniting again with a new family.\r\n\r\nThe fifth one in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series. Once again the story skips to a couple of years forward. I remembered last time I said the movie was better than what others thought about it, but this time it was not the same case. It was a little letdown, especially in the first half.\r\n\r\nAfter losing the husband, Willie, in the line of duty, Missie and her son Mattie moves back to be near with her parents and to start afresh life. It is a changed town now, less opportunities and more competitive for everything. Missie decline's her parents offer to help her financially. The mother and son rent a small house and settles down with enough earnings to support themselves. Until one day an orphan girl joins them and changes the course of the narration in a new direction.\r\n\r\n> \"I couldn't save Jenny... And you couldn't save Kathy.\r\n> But we can save Jacob.\"\r\n\r\nThe first three films were so good in the series, but I kind of feeling it beginning to decline as the rest of the movies followed, especially since the previous one. It was so wonderful to introduce some interesting characters, but did not capitalised with the fetchable scenes. In this, the second half was so much better than the first. The movie regained its strength because of what came forth. Otherwise, it would have been the worst in the series, but still it is like the least satisfying film by far.\r\n\r\nEliminating the character, Willie, was severely criticised from all the quarters, that mean the movie is not following the book as it should have been. I think being accurate to the book might have brought the justice. But I won't come to any conclusion comparing with both the format since I have not read the book. They might have thought changes could give a new look for those who have read the book, but seems the idea did not clinch well.\r\n\r\nThe two new characters and their quest were the highlight. Some of the issues it talked were inspired by the real ones. From the societal perspective that was a good thing. Kind of refreshes from the regular perspective of the storytelling like ranch, school, especially deaths. Yep, so far, the series had deaths in each film, but none in this one. There was one prior to this story commence, which was kind of told in a flashback or from recollecting the memory. Anyway, it was a passable product, like as always hoping to get better in the next.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [49857, 20583, 25182, 20641], "youtube_key": "hfl9m3oW3qM"}