{"tmdb_id": 309886, "title": "Blood Father", "original_title": "Blood Father", "slug_title": "blood-father", "date": "2016-08-11", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Victime d\u2019un coup mont\u00e9 de son petit-copain trafiquant de drogue pour le vol d\u2019une petite fortune \u00e0 un cartel, Lydia, 17 ans, part en cavale, avec un seul alli\u00e9 en ce bas monde : son \u00e9ternel paum\u00e9 de p\u00e8re, John Link, ancien motard hors-la-loi et repris de justice, qui devra renouer avec un pass\u00e9 qu\u2019il fuit afin de pouvoir la sauver...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rQ3CKv33u2Z4keC2AYZqi3RGIdX.jpg", "actors": ["Mel Gibson (John Link)", "Erin Moriarty (Lydia)", "William H. Macy (Kirby Curtis)", "Michael Parks (Preacher)", "Thomas Mann (Jason)", "Diego Luna (Jonah)", "Dale Dickey (Cherise)", "Miguel Sandoval (Arturo Rios)", "Lori Dillen (Sheila)", "Richard Cabral (Joker)", "Raoul Max Trujillo (The Cleaner)", "Tait Fletcher (Bartender)", "Luce Rains (Dennis Trucker)", "Ryan Dorsey (Shamrock)", "Katalina Parrish (Link's Client)", "Daniel Moncada (Choop)", "Lucien Dale (Blonde Boy)", "Genia Michaela (Woman Topango)", "Brandi Cochran (Lydia's Mother)", "Christopher W. Garcia (Sunburned Boy)", "Joanne Camp (Walmart Cashier)", "Christopher Atwood (Correction Officer)", "Vic Browder (Count)", "Nicole Brady (News Anchor #1)", "Tom Joles (News Anchor #2)", "Cheo Tapia (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Julianne Medina (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "McKenna Wagenman (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Shannan Wagenman (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Taylor Wagenman (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Alexander Wagenman (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Madison Fogle (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "William Fogle (Movie Theater Patron (uncredited))", "Gerry Medina (Movie Patron (uncredited))", "Alex Gopal (Movie Goer (uncredited))", "Christina Gopal (Movie Goer (uncredited))", "Julian Gopal (Movie Goer (uncredited))", "Brittney Scavo (Party-Goer (uncredited))", "Tara Elliott (California Girl (uncredited))", "Melissa-Lou Ellis (California Club Girl (uncredited))", "Rick Anglada (Detective (uncredited))", "Chester Gayao (Male Clubber (uncredited))", "Damon Somers (Dead Boyfriend (uncredited))", "Rich Chavez (Maximum Security Prisoner (uncredited))", "Jack T. Silliman (Prison Security Officer (uncredited))", "Fred Padilla (Inmate (uncredited))", "Billy Fuessel (Driver (uncredited))", "Robert Louder (Biker (uncredited))", "Lyle DeRose (Biker (uncredited))", "Rodger Larence (Biker (uncredited))", "Art Westgate  (Grandpa (uncredited))", "Robin Atkin Downes (Voice Actors (voice))", "Kirk Thornton (Voice Actors (voice))", "Cindy Robinson (Voice Actors (voice))", "Kate Higgins (Voice Actors (voice))", "Jake Eberle (Voice Actors (voice))", "Paul Pape (Voice Actors (voice))", "Joe Cappelletti (Voice Actors (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Blood Father_ doesn't bring anything particularly original to the table, but in spite of this, the oft maligned Mel Gibson shines in this small grindhouse throwback that I honestly had a really good time with.\r\n\r\nBut _Blood Father_ is an awful title.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An ex-con back on his feet for his daughter!**\r\n\r\nI did not find this French film any special. This is an English language film, because they have targeted the American market. Many similar Hollywood flicks were already made, so it is just a different actors and the locations. But the actings were good and some of the scenes were nicely composed. This is a book based film about an ex- con, when he comes to know his daughter is in a real trouble, he does everything he can to protect her. So it is like a running and chasing kind of theme, but how they come out it is the remaining film.\r\n\r\nMel Gibson was great. I felt like I haven't seen him for ages, I mean this kind of performance gives the impression that he's back. Though the film was not that great, for an entertainment it will do okay. It is a short film than usual action-thrillers. So you won't have trouble in pace, no proper developments, like the characters or the story, it only moves forward so quickly. I think the end was good, only if they are not planning for a sequel. But that part was not clear, so there's no surprise if they make another film. I say watch it for Gibson and for entertainment.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Classic story with good guy (well, good might be stretching it), in this case the father, trying to save chick from the bad guys. The bad guys are of course totally dislikeable murderous thugs with a distinctly below average intelligence.\r\n\r\nMel Gibson plays the role of ex-con, caring father and kick-ass protector of his daughter quite well. He pretty much makes this movie which is a roller-coaster action ride. As with most of this type of action flicks the story and script is fairly mediocre. His old and not very trustworthy friend for example was not really adding any value and his actions was soooo predictable.\r\n\r\nThe thugs, although certainly projecting the required amount of \u201cdespicable bad-guy-ness\u201d, were really nothing more than that. Stupid, stupid and more stupid. How they even manage to track John and Lydia down all the time is really beyond me.\r\n\r\nWith that said it was a enjoyable movie. The one were you just relax in the sofa, watch the scenery and arses being kicked. The stuff that Mel Gibson is really good at."}], "recommandations_id": [302156, 359412, 80389, 291356], "youtube_key": "eGvTRG-iud8"}