{"tmdb_id": 310135, "title": "Turbo Kid", "original_title": "Turbo Kid", "slug_title": "turbo-kid", "date": "2015-08-14", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans un monde ravag\u00e9 par l'apocalypse, un jeune gar\u00e7on passionn\u00e9 par les bandes dessin\u00e9es survit \u00e0 l'hiver nucl\u00e9aire en \u00e9changeant contre un peu d'eau les objets qu'il trouve dans les ruines des Terres D\u00e9sol\u00e9es. Mais l\u2019enl\u00e8vement de son amie Apple par un sbire du mal\u00e9fique Zeus le forcera \u00e0 affronter ses peurs et \u00e0 devenir un h\u00e9ros malgr\u00e9 lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qNy0d4gqfNhvqR6zWPD6f2FQUC4.jpg", "actors": ["Munro Chambers (The Kid)", "Laurence Leboeuf (Apple)", "Michael Ironside (Zeus)", "Aaron Jeffery (Frederic)", "Edwin Wright (Skeletron)", "Romano Orzari (Bagu)", "Steeve L\u00e9onard (Scout)", "Orph\u00e9e Ladouceur (Female Guard)", "Yves Corbeil (Turbo G\u00e9n\u00e9ral)", "Evan Manoukian (Young The Kid)", "Anouk Whissell (The Mother)", "Fran\u00e7ois Simard (The Father)", "Martin Paquette (Giant Warrior)", "Pierre Sigouin (Frederick's Brother)", "Yoann-Karl Whissell (Bald Guard)", "Christian Picone (Guard)", "Ricky Greenwood (Guard)", "Abdul Ayoola (Guard)", "Thomas Luccioni (Guard)", "Sam B. Cloutier (Guard)", "Maxime Lapointe (Guard)", "David Loiseau (Guard)", "Nicolas Archambault (Guard)", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Ferland (Guard)", "Ara Ball (Guard)", "Sylvain Lemaitre (Guard)", "Hazgary Colin (Sentinel)", "David Rigby (Odd-looking Man)", "Louise M\u00e9nard (Old Lady)", "Bruno Corbin (Transgender Prostitute)", "Jason Eisener (The Cook)", "Sylvain Legrand (Turbo Rider)", "F\u00e9lix Sylvestre (Zeus' Chauffeur)", "Marcello Bezina (Bird Clan Leader)", "Patrick Kerton (Gladiator)", "Rob de Leeuw (Gladiator)", "Andr\u00e9e Anne Godbout (Skeletron BMX Guard)", "Kim Cormier (Skeletron BMX Guard)", "Jodie Rimmer (Mother (voice))", "Geoff Houtman (Father (voice))", "Luke Haigh (Guards)", "Samuel Brisson (Zeus' BMX Gang Member)", "Jeff Robitaille (Guard)", "Nathaly Thibault (Zombie)", "Tyler Hall (Bounty Hunter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Now who would think that the kiddie-inspired, Science Fiction post-apocalyptic \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 could motivate one\u2019s appetite for nostalgic cheese-ridden action yarns? Well, the directing/writing trio of Francois Simard, Yoann-Karl Wissell and Anouk Wissell deliver the devilish gaudy goods in this frolicking futuristic fantasy that begs for audiences to reminisce about such off-beat and clich\u00e9d guilty pleasures that are so goofy-minded and gory but infectiously high-spirited for one\u2019s disturbed liking.\r\n\r\nInstinctively, \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 looks to shrewdly ridicule the jolting junk cinema with its homage to such trashy treasures ranging from the lopsided likes of gems \u2018The New Barbarians\u2019 and 2019,  \u2018After The Fall Of New York\u2019 to even saluting high-minded 80\u2019s roguish schlock such as the international cult favorite \u2018The Road Warrior\u2019. Fortified with kinetic kookiness and an off-kilter preference for its cockeyed convictions, \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 generates an appealing penchant for cheeky outlandishness that we all relish in our taste for low-grade, salacious cinema.  \r\n\r\nAstutely, \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 sets out to do what it is compelled to do and that is to trigger the hungry imagination for yesteryear\u2019s yearning for those gloriously cheapened, low-budgeted cornball capers that oddly registered with the fanboys\u2019 appreciation for convoluted, sensationalistic big screen cheeseball escapism that this unruly genre provided on many occasions for the sanctioned unintentional chuckles.  The gruesome threesome of Simard and the Wissells refreshingly never shy away from the bombastic serving of violence and hokey-minded hedonism  that are the true trademark of throwaway entertainment at its finest.\r\n\r\nAs the lone wolf adolescent in the distant future of 1997, the orphaned Kid (\u2018Degrassi: The Next Generation\u2019s Munro Chambers) survives in a tattered world defaced by ominous components of Mother Nature (namely acid rain) and the aftermath results of nuclear destruction. The existence for The Kid, frankly speaking, is bleak and nothing to write home about enthusiastically. Nevertheless, he keeps himself engaged with what he likes to do consistently whether it is chilling out in his bomb shelter-style quarters, riding freely on his BMX bike or browsing comic books\u2013particularly his favorite issue of \u2018Turbo Man\u2019 .\r\n\r\nOf course things become quite interesting for The Kid when he meets up with the ever-so-quirky Apple (Laurence Labeouf), a young woman whose strangeness and mysterious backstory becomes an attractive magnet for the soon-to-be daring hero. The opportunity arises for The Kid to show his heroic chops (much like his idol Turbo Man) when his galpal Apple\u2019s safety is jeopardized by resident fiend Zeus (Michael Ironside). Not only does the diabolical Zeus kidnap Apple but looks to manipulate and dictate the region\u2019s precious water supply. Naturally, this does not sit well with the miffed Kid as he already harbors resentment towards Zeus based on past unkind dealings with the Villainous One.\r\n\r\nAs luck would have it The Kid discovers what appears to be Turbo Man\u2019s powered costume and arsenal of skills. Conveniently, this is enough to transform the youngster into a formidable force to take on the dastardly Zeus, restore the honor of the loopy Apple and save the day in general. Not too bad for a wandering cad that escaped his reality in a reliable comic book only to become a real-life comic book rescuer in the form of his worshiped mentor Turbo Man.\r\n\r\nSure, the mayhem and mockery is indeed over-the-top and as lame as the proceedings are in reality one still cannot stop from looking away. \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019, with its bloody wackiness in tow, toasts its creative absurdity proudly. The corrosive camp factor works because the mindset is geared for unapologetic subversion into a flagrant fantasy that wears its badge of debauchery with sordid honor. The exaggerated and bizarre displays of colorful chaos as drowned out in crazy-minded outfits, challenging bike chases, manufactured doom-and-gloom predicaments and the basic plodding of good versus evil make \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 an ambitiously naughty and boisterous delight. Clearly, the filmmakers demonstrate their affinity for the aforementioned off-balanced furious-minded fluff of the 80s and early 90s that invaded video shelves the same way weary soldiers approached the unknown shores of Normandy.  Combative, unconventional and guaranteed to impale one\u2019s exposed guts on a spiked iron fence \u2018Turbo Kid\u2019 is weird and wonderful if only for the afterglow of basking in the art of dimwitted decadence so lovingly realized in the not-so-forgettable impulsive retro flicks of shining shame from the years past.\r\n\r\nTurbo Kid (2015)\r\n\r\nEMA Films\r\n\r\n1 hr 33 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Munro Chambers, Laurence Labeouf, Michael Ironside, Edwin Wright, Romano Orzari and Aaron Jeffery\r\n\r\nDirected by: Francois Simard, Anouk Wissell and Yoann-Karl Wissell\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: Unrated\r\n\r\nGenre: Science Fiction/Post Apocalyptic Action and Adventure\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Inspired by the comics to defeat an enemy.\r\n\r\nIt was made in the style of the 80s movie and the story sets in the future, that mean in the late 90s. If your childhood were the 90s, probably you would have seen plenty of the 80s sci-fi films and this one is dedicated to the fans of that era. Kind of semi-superhero movie like 'Super' and 'Defendor'. Other than that this film has nothing to do with 'New Kids Turbo' and its sequel 'Nitro' as I initially presumed it might the third in the series.\r\n\r\nI thought it was a pretty cool flick, so much fun. Sort of replicates the recent 'Mad Max' film, but both the flicks came into the production at a same time and this one is not all about the chasing or even a road flick. So I think it just inspired by the previous trilogy from that franchise, where automobiles are replaced by the BMXes here. Kind of eco-friendly movie!\r\n\r\nAs the many post-apocalyptic themes depicted, this one as well prioritised about a regional conflict for the source of water. A territory where a ruthless man controlled it and he kills who pose a threat to his crown. There comes an act of revenge from a boy and a girl along a man who challenge him. Who's going to that win the battle is what the finale of the movie.\r\n\r\n> \"A man never knows how strong he is\r\n> until being strong is the only choice he has.\"\r\n\r\nThe first impression was the movie is for all, especially for the kids, but once the action parts begin to take place, my stance has changed. There are no high-end stunts, but too much of blood and gore. Although, nothing was so serious, somehow keeps entertaining and sometimes slightly disgusting, but the momentum was held at a moderate pace throughout the film.\r\n\r\nThe character Apple was so sweet and cute who actually lifted the movie's spirit with her funny, bubbly part, but also disappoints to learn the what's her kind is. Pretty much she helped to bring faintly a romantic atmosphere around which I was not expected. A simple story and a simple twist with the good characters and the fine supporting visuals.\r\n\r\nDefinitely an above average, but still not that awesome, excepting it is very enjoyable for the first watch. The filmmakers were the quite newcomers, but proved enough with their abilities, under a limited budget to give an acceptable standard flick. If you are okay with the B flicks, then it won't upset you, except you are not familiar with those types. I think it will hit a cult status moving into the next decade and so on among the B movie fans.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [241843, 323373, 75761, 279690]}