{"tmdb_id": 310133, "title": "Cop Car", "original_title": "Cop Car", "slug_title": "cop-car", "date": "2015-08-07", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Le sh\u00e9rif v\u00e9reux d'une petite ville de campagne am\u00e9ricaine se lance \u00e0 la poursuite de deux enfants de 10 ans qui lui ont vol\u00e9 sa voiture...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6LTj0CJhpOFISrpHJQD0aUILnFS.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Bacon (Sheriff Kretzer)", "James Freedson-Jackson (Travis)", "Hays Wellford (Harrison)", "Camryn Manheim (Bev)", "Shea Whigham (Man)", "Sean Hartley (Motorcycle Cop)", "Kyra Sedgwick (Dispatch)", "Loi Nguyen (Waiter)", "Sit Lenh (Hostess)", "Chuck Kull (Officer)", "Thomas Coates (Officer)", "Kathleen Bentley (Trailer Park Lady)", "Justin Barr (Guy in Trailer Park)", "Adam Barr (Drunk at Intersection)", "Lily Heber (Dog)", "Cooter Heber (Dog)", "Bluebell ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> In an usual day an unusual occurrence.\r\n\r\nIt was a fantastic small-time thriller. I was completely surprised with its unusualness, either it be roles or the story or the locations. Looks like a best B movie, but Kevin Bacon's presence boosted the spirit of narration. One of the shortest movie, all the way simple yet strong and believable occurrence.\r\n\r\nYou can't ask for character development here, because it just takes place in a fine afternoon and ends at a terrible evening. Never intended to reveal before events or to disclose what might happen later. Everything was based on the very unusual circumstances. When people cross each others path and expose their secret affairs that put them most vulnerable position. Far from the big towns and out of the human sights with the characters countable on one hand.\r\n\r\nThe main attraction was the two boys and their innocence like daring attitude takes them to the unplanned adventure. Nothing like another highly intelligent, computer or the science geeky overhyped city boys, but the natural rural kids. Creepy suspense with often struck with dark comedies, you just can't get better than this. I recommend it in the view of entertainment and for those who seeks it, but not to place it in your masterpiece collections.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [244509, 157845, 241848, 253626], "youtube_key": "p0abWuHBJRg"}