{"tmdb_id": 3103, "title": "La Maison de Frankenstein", "original_title": "House of Frankenstein", "slug_title": "la-maison-de-frankenstein", "date": "1944-12-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un savant fou, le Dr Niemann, s'\u00e9chappe de l'asile. Aid\u00e9 de son assistant, il ressuscite le conte Dracula, le loup-garou et la cr\u00e9ature de Frankenstein, afin qu'ils l'aident \u00e0 se venger de ceux qui l'ont enferm\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qzhYjNFri8KaaC0JGuFkWO4xmJH.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Dr. Niemann)", "J. Carrol Naish (Daniel)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Lawrence Talbot)", "Elena Verdugo (Ilonka)", "John Carradine (Dracula)", "Anne Gwynne (Rita Hussman)", "Peter Coe (Karl Hussman)", "Sig Ruman (Burgomeister Hussman)", "Lionel Atwill (Inspector Arnz)", "Glenn Strange (Frankenstein Monster)", "George Zucco (Prof. Lampini)", "Charles Wagenheim (Jailer (uncredited))", "Belle Mitchell (Urla - Gypsy Woman (uncredited))", "William Edmunds (Fejos)", "Charles Miller (Toberman)", "Julius Tannen (Hertz)", "Hans Herbert (Meier)", "Dick Dickinson (Born)", "George Lynn (Inspector Gerlach)", "Olaf Hytten (Hoffman)", "Frank Reicher (Frederick Ullman)", "Michael Mark (Strauss)", "Philip Van Zandt (Muller)", "Brandon Hurst (Dr. Geissler)", "Edmund Cobb (Coachman (uncredited))", "Gino Corrado (Man in audience at Dracula Exhibit (uncredited))", "Joe Kirk (Schwartz (uncredited))", "Anne G. Sterling (Gypsy Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Welcome to the house of fun now I've come of age...\r\n\r\nLet the Universal Monster tag team continue unabated! In truth there's not really a whole movie here, it's more a skew-whiff anthology involving Dracula (John Carradine), the Wolf Man (Lon Chaney Jr) and Frankenstein's Monster (Glenn Strange), with Boris Karloff's mad scientist and J. Carrol Naish's hunchback serving as the linking meat in the monster sandwich.\r\n\r\nPlot is for the genre at the time the standard Universal fodder, mad scientist and hunchback manage - by an act of god - to escape from prison. Scientist is after revenge, hunchback wants a new body. After a short encounter with Dracula via a travelling chamber of horrors side-show, the pair head off to the Frankenstein castle - with pretty gypsy girl and Larry Talbot/Wolf Man in tow - where hopes and dreams involve a lot of brain swapping.\r\n\r\nWhat transpires is a bit of violent jealousy and disappointments, building up to the monster smack down finale just as the villagers once again take unkindly to the presence of monsters in their midst. It's all good fun, the clich\u00e9s of the franchise crammed into the hour and ten minute run time ensuring it's never boring. But really the Dracula section will leave you wanting more, while Frankenstein's monster - in the film bearing his name - just lounges around for a bit and then it's pretty much the end!\r\n\r\nEnjoyable if disposable 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3074, 3077, 3076, 30793], "youtube_key": "I90bPakb1zs"}