{"tmdb_id": 310307, "title": "Le Fondateur", "original_title": "The Founder", "slug_title": "le-fondateur", "date": "2016-09-13", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 50, Ray Kroc rencontre les fr\u00e8res McDonald qui tiennent un restaurant de burgers en Californie. Bluff\u00e9 par leur concept, Ray leur propose de franchiser la marque et va s'en emparer pour b\u00e2tir l'empire que l'on conna\u00eet aujourd'hui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fxvlzT7yyKiZneTDPwk85BSw1JF.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Keaton (Ray Kroc)", "Nick Offerman (Dick McDonald)", "John Carroll Lynch (Mac McDonald)", "Linda Cardellini (Joan Smith)", "Patrick Wilson (Rollie Smith)", "B. J. Novak (Harry Sonneborn)", "Laura Dern (Ethel Kroc)", "Justin Randell Brooke (Fred Turner)", "Kate Kneeland (June Martino)", "Wilbur Fitzgerald (Jerry Cullen)", "Griff Furst (Jim Zien)", "David de Vries (Jack Horford)", "Andrew Benator (Leonard Rosenblatt)", "Cara Mantella (Myra Rosenblatt)", "Randall Taylor (Owner (Ed's Drive-In))", "Kabby Borders (Cheerleader)", "Valeri Rogers (Cheerleader #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Veni, vidi, vici!**\r\n\r\nI anticipated another inspiring biopic about a man who built an empire. That's partially true, because this was inspired by the right kind of wrong thing. I mean it was not actually about the McDonalds' story, the McDonald brothers, but the fast food chain McDonald, how the franchise got rapidly spread across the globe and the person behind it. With the film having both good and bad side, it stayed mostly neutral. But due to the main character, you would see too much lean on what seems the reason behind the McDonald's today's popularity.\r\n\r\nSo it's like another typical American founders' story like Apple, Facebook. I mean not the one who found the company with all the hard works, but the one who dived in and took all the credit. Ray Kroc was a traveling salesman and he's not doing any good. But one day he meets the brothers who had started a modernised kitchen and its fast food service. He shows lots of interest in it and so he joins hands with them. With his new ideas, how he makes a fortune out of it and the future of the company, all revealed in the later part.\r\n\r\nAn enjoyable film. Particularly for Michael Keaton. Well directed film as well. Film wise it was a good one, but the story wise not morally right. It was about the flaws in our society, our system. Some men can do anything like pulling others leg to climb the success ladder. It's not them to blame completely, because they had struggled enough to understand their future path. So definitely for some people, this film would inspire. If you are a regular McDonalds' customer, you should watch it. Otherwise, just to learn the truth, it is worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334524, 363676, 302401, 308266], "youtube_key": "AX2uz2XYkbo"}