{"tmdb_id": 31046, "title": "Jesse Stone 1: En l'absence de preuves", "original_title": "Jesse Stone: Stone Cold", "slug_title": "jesse-stone-1-en-l-absence-de-preuves", "date": "2005-02-20", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Le sh\u00e9rif Jesse Stone coule des jours paisibles dans la ville de Paradise. Une s\u00e9rie de meurtres odieux vient bouleverser cet \u00e9quilibre tranquille. Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 retrouver l'assassin, il met tout en oeuvre pour remonter sa piste. Seul, l\u00e2ch\u00e9 par ses sup\u00e9rieurs, il ira jusqu'au bout...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wxxHABj5UsqA7yMAaSe1R3UWK7K.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Chief Jesse Stone)", "Jane Adams (Brianna Lincoln)", "Reg Rogers (Andrew Lincoln)", "Viola Davis (Molly Crane)", "Alexis Dziena (Candace Pennington)", "Kohl Sudduth (Luther 'Suitcase' Simpson)", "Mimi Rogers (Rita Fiore)", "Polly Shannon (Abby Taylor)", "Stephen McHattie (Captain Healy)", "Shawn Roberts (Bo Marino)", "Alex House (Kevin Feeney)", "Vito Rezza (Anthony D'Angelo)", "Victoria Snow (Margaret Pennington)", "Ralph Small (Chuck Pennington)", "Tony De Santis (Joe Marino)", "Chris Killam (Kenneth Eisley)", "John Beale (Dr. Perkins)", "Cindy Sampson (Barbara Carey)", "Tom Gallant (Comden)", "Jeremy Akerman (Hansen)", "John Dunsworth (Jim Burns)", "Joseph Rutten (Philly Canter)", "David Christoffel (D.A. Reagan)", "Brian Heighton (Skip Wilder)", "Heather Allin (Mrs. Feeney)", "Glen Grant (Reporter)", "Sylvia Villagran (Jenn (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm a cop. I've been a cop for a long time. I'm good at it. I know how to do this. You don't.\r\n\r\nJesse Stone: Stone Cold is directed by Robert Harmon and adapted to teleplay by John Fasano and Michael Brandman from a Robert B. Parker novel. It stars Tom Selleck, Jane Adams, Reg Rogers, Viola Davis, Alexis Dziena and Kohl Sudduth. Music is by Jeff Beal and cinematography by Rene Ohashi.\r\n\r\nIn the small town of Paradise, Massachusetts, world weary Chief of Police Jesse Stone (Selleck) is thrust into a twin investigation involving a high school gang rape and what appears to be a serial killer at large.\r\n\r\nWhat a pleasant surprise! I'm not familiar with the Parker novels that feature the character Jesse Stone, nor was I aware that this was the first of many TV films to feature said character played by Selleck. In an undemanding mood and scratching around for something to watch before retiring to bed I gave this a spin purely because I have always found Selleck an immensely likable actor. What I got was a very well constructed thriller/crime TV movie led by an impressive Selleck.\r\n\r\n\"I hope you don't take this in any negative way, but you may be the simplest person I've ever met. You know what you know, and you do what you do, and you just keep doing it. Like a mule.\"\r\n\r\nThe story itself, with its double crime investigation core, is simple and nothing remotely mysterious. In fact the perpetrators are evident to us early in the piece. This is about introducing us to Jesse Stone the man, what sort of cop he is? Why does he drink so much? Will he ever let go of the emotional demons that haunt him? As written it's a standard \"troubled copper\" role, but Selleck elevates it to greater heights with a telling turn of emotional force. Such sadness resides in his face, even if he is just staring out at the ocean you can feel the world pressing down on his shoulders. He not only garners our sympathy, he has us firmly rooting for him for the type of policeman he is, his methods and way of handling tricky situations are cheer worthy. He may be damaged emotionally but this is one copper you want overseeing your town.\r\n\r\nObviously with it being a TV movie there's budget restrictions and the odd flash of amateurism, yet this never hurts the movie. The setting of small town Americana keeps things intimate, with director Harmon making sure we are part of the intimacy courtesy of the small handful of characterisations on show. There is no need for crash, bangs and wallops either, it's not that type of film, and the story is far better for it. The photography is of the misty lenses type, something that keeps the mood on the right side of ethereal and offers up a portentous cloak. While Beal provides a lovely musical score that could quite easily form part of a bigger budgeted picture. The acting alongside Selleck isn't all good, though the dog Reggie is marvellous (seriously), and the absence of depth for a couple of key characters is very much felt. But this is a little treat for Selleck fans and certainly enough for me to take more interest in his Jesse Stone series of films. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Serial killer in the Paradise.**\r\n\r\nA year ago I reviewed the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' film series and I wanted to come up with a different franchise and now I'm here with this cop story. After watching 'Maigret Sets a Trap', I found this and got interested, so I'm going to give a series of reviews in my next for this franshise.\r\n\r\nIt was based on the detective novels written by Robert B. Parker. Right now there are 9 films in the series and still many more to come in the coming years. Originally made for CBS network and these films are usually R rated for drugs, violence, nudity and other strong contents, that's expected from a cop theme. Unlike the last year's G and PG television films, these are for adults and sometimes suits matured teens.\r\n\r\nThis is the pilot episode in the Jesse Stone film series, but an adaptation of the fourth book. Because you know the first impression is very important in any field, especially in the art and entertainment. So they had thought it was strong enough to get the large number of viewers and now it is a successful franchise with a good number of fan base. Don't worry about the proper introduction, at a relaxed atmosphere, it's set to begin with a simple crime solving plot.\r\n\r\nSets in a small fictitious town called Paradise, but revolved around the title character Jesse Stone that beautifully played by Tom Selleck. The film opened with a mysterious death of a man whose body was found near the seashore early morning by a commuter. In a casual way Jesse enters the scene and begins his work. He finds no clue, but shelters the dead man's dog in his marsh house.\r\n\r\nThe very next day another case lands in his hand. Due to its sensitiveness, goes unregistered where he has to deal it differently. A few days later when another identical death follows, the town becomes a bit tense and forces him to pick up the pace of the investigation. But he calmly draws a strategic plan to find who did it and nab him. So what comes next is the final act where an interesting twist takes place before concluding the tale stylishly.\r\n\r\n> \"I'm the police chief. I know everything.\"\r\n\r\nJesse is a unique character, like from the similar top cop films. But that is only from this very first film's impression, lets wait and see how different he's in the other films. Here he does not wear the uniform, drinks a lot during off the duty, no serious friends or any families and always gives a straightforward reply, but very honest, particularly when it comes to his profession. By the end of the film, you might learn about him and his qualities, but still there are lots of things remains a mystery and those are going to be clarified in the following films, I suppose.\r\n\r\nMade for the television, yet this is quite a remarkable quality. Even if it was released on the big screen, no one would have complained seriously on anything. I think wonderfully written screenplay and concentrated only those what matters, especially being the first film to keep very simple as much as possible. The length was good, just near the 90 minutes. But overall pace was excellent, particularly all the character development which actually lacked, except Jesse, but somewhat becomes familiar during the midway and makes easier by the end to follow it.\r\n\r\nTo be frank, I anticipated an average flick, but surprised for its biggest entry in the first film itself. Here the 'biggest' means the style, the trademark it sets and to come back in the installments possibly maintain the same throughout the series. The director did good and so his actors, especially the supporting cast well backed the Selleck to it in a lead right path. The New England's misty weather adds the perfect flavour for this crime-mystery-drama.\r\n\r\nIt actually holds no mystery, particularly about the suspect. For the viewers, it is revealed in the early stage itself, but still it managed to get our full attention drawing the other way of the story how the cops and suspect confront without disclosing their identities to each other. This is where the original writer, the author should be appreciated for his good work.\r\n\r\nI have said many times and I'm saying it again that I'm not a reader, but I love watching literature based films and I'm happy they have made this one, otherwise I would have missed such a cool detective story. If you are like me, then you should give it a try. But remember I might sometimes overexcited during reviewing the films, so I might be praising a lot, but still this film worth those mentions I did. It's a terrific beginning and I hope the next film as well remains the same level. So guys I will meet you in there.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [30347, 31047, 22555, 26114], "youtube_key": "NX1ESaJmMoQ"}