{"tmdb_id": 31053, "title": "Edgar de la Cambriole: 1$ money wars", "original_title": "\u30eb\u30d1\u30f3\u4e09\u4e16 1$\u30de\u30cd\u30fc\u30a6\u30a9\u30fc\u30ba", "slug_title": "edgar-de-la-cambriole-1-money-wars", "date": "2000-07-28", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Animation / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "In New York City, an auction is being held, where numerous valuables are being bidded. One of the items was an ordinary ring which is more valuable than it looks. Lupin tries to bid on it, but was out bid by a dollar. So he steals it instead and makes a getaway. but only to find himself greeted by a group of mercenaries who are working for the person who out bid Lupin. Lupin gave them the ring as he was told, and got away from their firing guns. Lupin decides to gather up his friends to check out who outbid him at the auction. The one who outbid Lupin, is Cynthia, head of \"Bank of the World\" one of the largest and recently new banks. She has plans of her own on the ring, as it has the secrets of the location of a broach, that's said to give those who hold it, world domination.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cYuE1xPbas7D6FTSitNLt1H4rR6.jpg", "actors": ["Kanichi Kurita (Arsene Lupin III (voice))", "Makio Inoue (Goemon Ishikawa XIII (voice))", "Kiyoshi Kobayashi (Daisuke Jigen (voice))", "Eiko Masuyama (Fujiko Mine (voice))", "Gor\u014d Naya (Kouichi Zenigata (voice))", "Mami Koyama (Cynthia Craymov (voice))", "Rica Matsumoto (Sandy Fishbarn (voice))", "Jouji Nakata (Alexei Nabikov (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [31594, 80860, 31595, 80868], "youtube_key": "notfound"}