{"tmdb_id": 310568, "title": "Summer", "original_title": "Sangail\u0117s vasara", "slug_title": "summer", "date": "2015-03-29", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Sanga\u00efl\u00e9, jeune fille de 17 ans, passe l'\u00e9t\u00e9 avec ses parents dans leur villa au bord d'un lac de Lituanie. Comme chaque ann\u00e9e, Sanga\u00efl\u00e9 se rend au show a\u00e9rien. Cette fois, elle y fait la connaissance d'Aust\u00e9, une fille de son \u00e2ge, aussi extravertie que Sanga\u00efl\u00e9 est timide et mal dans sa peau.\r Une amiti\u00e9 va s'\u00e9panouir dans la sensualit\u00e9 de l'\u00e9t\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rJGE75NgQ2tw5mndsEWFVUKNqih.jpg", "actors": ["Julija Steponaityt\u0117 (Sangaile)", "Aist\u0117 Dir\u017ei\u016bt\u0117 (Auste)", "J\u016brat\u0117 Sodyt\u0117 (Sangaile's Mother)", "Martynas Budraitis (Sangail\u0117s t\u0117vas)", "Laurynas Jurgelis (Saulius)", "Nel\u0117 Savi\u010denko (Sangail\u0117s motinos draug\u0117)", "Inga \u0160alkauskait\u0117 (Aust\u0117s motina)", "Gail\u0117 Butvilait\u0117 (Aust\u0117s draug\u0117)", "Anupras Jucius (Aust\u0117s draugas)", "Ignas Gu\u017eauskas (Aust\u0117s draugas)", "K\u0119stutis Cic\u0117nas (Aust\u0117s draugas)", "Kamil\u0117 Petru\u0161kevi\u010di\u016bt\u0117 (Aust\u0117s draug\u0117)", "Severina \u0160pakovska (Aust\u0117s draug\u0117)", "Egl\u0117 Grigali\u016bnait\u0117 (Aust\u0117s draug\u0117)", "Romualdas Gudas (Aeroklubo prezidentas)", "Gintaras Tubelis (Padav\u0117jas)", "Ina Rosenait\u0117 (Sangail\u0117s motinos draug\u0117)", "Judita Stund\u017eyt\u0117 (\u0160ok\u0117ja)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A comet in the snow.**\r\n\r\nIt can't get any more beautiful than this. I have seen many lesbian films, but this one was like a result of when a poet and an artist comes together. It was so poetic, as well as an enchanting video portrait. Not everything in the film was pleasant, I mean not the romance parts, but you know self hurting parts as one got depressed in their life. That's where it all begins, an awesomely written screenplay where most of the film remains dialogueless. All you have to do is sit back and enjoy the stunning cinematography and a cute little romance the blends with that.\r\n\r\nThis is a Lithuanian film, but internationally co-produced. It won some awards at the various film festivals. It was officially selected as the Lithuanian entry for the 88th American Academy Awards, but did not make it. Written and directed by a woman filmmaker and this is her second feature film. I hope she makes more films like this with characters with emotions, then she will be in my watch out list. There's no comparable with any other lesbian film as many people doing. This is a very unique, especially in the storytelling segment. Most importantly, anybody with no objection on some sex-romance will do understand and appreciated the artistic presenstation of this film.\r\n\r\nThe title itself a plot line. So you know the storyline, but for how it all happens need to be watched. Sangaile is in her summer holiday, spending time with her parents in a rural villa. Near the house, there's an airfield where some spectacular display taking place, she instantly falls in love with that. That's where she meets a girl named Auste, who seems very interested in her. So later they decide to hang out and do the stuffs. After a few meets, with ups and downs, there relationship intensely grows, but how far it goes and how the story ends was told in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\n> \"You know nobody will understand you better than me.\"\r\n\r\nNot the entire film is about the romance that jumps into the bed. There are some messages, like how one influence the other one to change her character. Like depressed and lost, and got no idea about the future, a new hope rises like a sun for the new day after a long winter. The romance between two different social classes and their field of interest, all those fills the film on all the sides with its own colours like a Rubik's cube. The other advantage was the greatly ignoring the common clich\u00e9s, especially from a lesbian film aspect.\r\n\r\nFilms are collections of many things. From the actors to filmmakers to technicians and locations, when these all get together accurately, a beautiful product like this emerges. That's where it succeeded. First the actors, everyone, but the majority of the tale focused between the two characters and those two were brilliant. They executed so perfectly as it was real. You won't get that kind of great chemistry in all the romance film you watch. There are many moments that feels like it was paused, in a good sense as a romantic, as well as visually.\r\n\r\nThen comes the locations. As it is set in the rural, they explored the landscapes excellently. They were not intended to give preferences on those, but while capturing the film scenes, they used some interesting angles to get those beautiful backgrounds. As I said earlier, the images talk more than the film characters. The music score was also very good. The overall film looks like a touch of the 60s or 70s, but there's no any clarifications about the timeline. Seeing the lifestyle, all the gadgets et cetera, it is obviously a modern day tale.\r\n\r\nObserve everything carefully in the film. The film characters, the story, as well as production design was very simple. Like they did not spend much for making it. Yet it delivered big. Sadly, this is not a well recognised film, not much from LGBT film fanatic friends as well. I haven't seen many Lithuanian films, but surely this is one of the best from that region I have seen. You know who's the target audience for this, but the film is too good, so I hope you make a right choice. Though it is for adults, there's nothing much serious to consider in the romance/sex/nudity parts, so the matured and open minded teens can try this. Recommended!\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [253282, 199602, 319167, 95538], "youtube_key": "uMgfMTo2yj4"}