{"tmdb_id": 310888, "title": "First date", "original_title": "Southside with You", "slug_title": "first-date", "date": "2016-08-26", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "La journ\u00e9e de l'\u00e9t\u00e9 1989 durant laquelle le futur pr\u00e9sident des Etats-Unis, Barack Obama, courtisa la future Premi\u00e8re Dame, au cours d'un premier rendez-vous \u00e9pique \u00e0 travers le sud de Chicago.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mptp9zgi0WJyTqjMHFFaly4lZif.jpg", "actors": ["Parker Sawyers (Barack Obama)", "Tika Sumpter (Michelle Robinson)", "Vanessa Bell Calloway ()", "Phillip Edward Van Lear (Fraser C. Robinson)", "Deanna Reed-Foster (Bernadette)", "Jerod Haynes (Tommy)", "Gabrielle Lott-Rogers (Rafiqa)", "Taylar Fondren (Janice)", "Donn C. Harper (Curtis)", "Preston Tate Jr. (Kyle)", "Fred Nance Jr. (Nance Residence)", "Donald Paul (Bow Tie)", "Alex Zelenka (Museum goer)", "Jeremy Michael Pereira (Bar Patron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**First date with a chocolate ice cream girl.**\r\n\r\nA small film with a small success. It was entirely shot in the two weeks of time. Directed by a first timer, it tells the true story of Barack Obama and Michelle Robinson's first date back in the 1989 during working for a big law firm in Chicago. Like how Michelle denied it is a date as co-workers should not engage in a close relationship. While Obama is trying to win her heart, the film reveals their day, what they talk and do and how it all ends.\r\n\r\nThis is not a biographical film I was expecting. I mean I was looking forward to the film, but not this kind of simple story. This looks like another version of 'Before Sunrise', and I won't be surprised if they make a sequel in a similar fashion, maybe a trilogy. So this is a one day event when they were young and passionate about their work, somewhat they both liked each other, though they knew their limits. The writer-come-director confirms all the events from his film really occurred, but not all of them in just one date.\r\n\r\nThe actors were good, especially I liked Parker Sawyers as Barack Obama. For me, this is not a great film, but decently made one. Obama fans might like it, though you could try it if you like date film in a realistic manner. It's Obama's early life, so there's nothing about his present politics or the president post, except talking about their future plans. But most of the film about between them and their life, like how they grew how, what they love and loved, those kind of stuffs. So I hope you watch it with a low expectation.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [454349, 352200, 438466, 291874], "youtube_key": "notfound"}