{"tmdb_id": 311054, "title": "Hana et Alice m\u00e8nent l'enqu\u00eate", "original_title": "\u82b1\u3068\u30a2\u30ea\u30b9\u6bba\u4eba\u4e8b\u4ef6", "slug_title": "hana-et-alice-menent-l-enquete", "date": "2015-02-20", "genre": "Drame / Animation / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Alice int\u00e8gre un nouveau coll\u00e8ge o\u00f9 circule une \u00e9trange rumeur concernant un meurtre commis un an plus t\u00f4t. La victime est un myst\u00e9rieux \u201cJudas\u201d. Une de ses camarades de classe et voisine, Hana, vit recluse chez elle. De nombreux comm\u00e9rages courent \u00e0 son sujet, notamment le fait qu\u2019elle conna\u00eetrait des d\u00e9tails \u00e0 propos de l\u2019affaire \u201cJudas\u201d. Un jour, Alice p\u00e9n\u00e8tre secr\u00e8tement dans la maison de Hana mais celle-ci l\u2019y attend d\u00e9j\u00e0. Pourquoi Hana vit-elle isol\u00e9e du monde ? Qui est Judas ? Alice d\u00e9cide de mener l\u2019enqu\u00eate et se lance dans une aventure qui lui fera d\u00e9couvrir une amiti\u00e9 sinc\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aUzFSKyLBUHYh9F7wgWVKx22Suu.jpg", "actors": ["Y\u016b Aoi (Tetsuko \"Alice\" Arisugawa)", "Anne Suzuki (Hana Arai)", "Sh\u00f4ko Aida (Kayo Arisugawa)", "Ranran Suzuki (Mutsumi Mutsu)", "Haru Kuroki (Satomi Ogino)", "Midoriko Kimura (Tomomi Arai)", "Ryo Katsuji (Koutarou Yuda)", "Sei Hiraizumi (Kenji Kuroyanagi)", "Tae Kimura (Yuki Tsutsumi)", "Tomohiro Kaku (Asanaga-sensei)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The legend of Yuda.**\r\n\r\nIt is a prequel to the 2004 film 'Hana and Alice' from the same writer, director. So I had to watch that before coming to this one and I found both the films were pretty good. Usually to watch a sequel, you have to be familiar with the original. But for a prequel, it's not necessary as the story wise it would be the original, despite not the first to release in the series or franchise. Either way watching both the films is good for the better understanding, and chronological order is the best way to go for.\r\n\r\nThe formats are different, as well as the time gap between the two films. After all it was not a bad decision. This anime was like any other neat and cute anime you had seen. Yeah, I liked the smooth animation. The sketches were not very detailed, yet very detail in the motion presentation. If you are an anime fan, it will be a treat. I'm not saying it is the best anime ever, but surely a little gem and not be missed by the fans of the 2004 film.\r\n\r\nI don't know whether the final scene of this film and the opening of the other film are same (because of the different mood), but to me it looked like that way. This film is to reveal how Hana and Alice first met and become close friends. But it all begins with the Alice's new school's legend, the death of Yuda. Destined to meet Hana who was a classmate of Yuda, is now her neighbour. So their adventure begins to find new details about Yuda's life, but ends up with misadventures.\r\n\r\n> \u275dI won't forget that pain as long as I live.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe perfect characters, I mean two young teen girls. Also a perfect storyline, which is about finding the truth behind a mystery. But it's not thrillerised as everything about the film suggest, including the title. Very much dramatised with lots of fun filled often tense moments. The first act was good, but it was the remaining film that keeps getting better till the final scene. I liked the second half of the film, especially the quest taken by Hana and Alice was simple yet entertaining.\r\n\r\nThere are some off the track adventures, like for a brief moment an old man enters the narration, but that added an extra flavour to take us in a new direction. Soon it reinstates to its original path and that's where the ultimate friendship blooms between two title characters. It's always about a boy between them. Their friendship was tested in the other film over a boy, but here joining hands to solve the mystery surrounding a boy's death. Like the first film, the ballet had its part, though not a main draw, except being a part of one of the main characters.\r\n\r\nThe original cast from the 2004 film rendered their voices for the respective two lead roles. So except watching it in the anime version, the appeal is almost the same. As per some sources, a manga series is following after this. But I hope the story continues with the third film, either in live-action or in anime. This is an under- noticed anime, but well appreciated. I really surprised of its quality and theme. For me, it's definitely slightly ahead of the first film and this my review briefs why. So surely worth a watch and I recommend it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [344938, 27799, 335715, 461297]}