{"tmdb_id": 311152, "title": "Kappal", "original_title": "Kappal", "slug_title": "kappal", "date": "2014-12-25", "genre": ["Romance / Action"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Vaibhav has four close friends and he is pressured to make a promise that they should not marry until their death as marriage will break friendship. But Vaibhav is very keen with having affair with girls but all his love flops due to his friends acts.He goes to Madras to find a girl to love. He finds Sonam and they both like each other. Vaibhav's friends finally come to Madras and knowing his affair with Sonam try to separate them, successfully doing so.Later their friends come to know that Vaibhav is very invested in his love and his friends try to make them rejoin again. The film ends with the success of love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mIFVJOhRX4xmtfCGX8deXru3Ss9.jpg", "actors": ["Vaibhav Reddy ()", "Sonam Bajwa ()", "Karunakaran ()", "VTV Ganesh ()", "Arjunan Nandakumar ()", "Venkat Sundar ()", "Karthik Priyadarshan ()", "Sharmila Thapa ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "Not bad, a decent flick for a debutant director. Like most of the positive reviews say, the movie delivered what was promised, a complete fun cruise (kappal) ride. If you look for a logic, then this movie is not for you, but for fun riot, you are in a right place. The production quality was not up to the standards. In many individual scenes it gives the outdated 90s look, not because it borrows songs from that period or the initial story set in rural. Actors were excellent, acceptable from the technical side of the movie and a one line story with a predictable ending.\r\n\r\nRecently I saw 'Someone Marry Barry', there's nothing common between these two movies as per my knowledge, but if you have seen that movie you would know what and who is Barry. So in this movie, there comes three Barrys against a person who is supposed to be our protagonist Vasu. How he and his lady love Deepika suffer from the three trouble giver on the purpose is the movie that explores throughout with out and out laughs.\r\n\r\nAlong with the couple, the VTV Ganesh's role had a great significant. All the youngsters around, Ganesh as a middle aged who gives advices to them is what lifted the value of having the pleasure. Vaibhav's best film till date, as in a single hero movie. He surprised me, and proved he can be very handy in the lead roles. Karunakaran is in a 'lookout' list of his successful comedy roles in the recent films. It was a good movie, not only for the native speakers, but can also be enjoyed by the everyone with the help of subtitle because it was an open theme, has a universal appeal in the form of comedy.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "AQ1bTb5BGLg"}