{"tmdb_id": 311291, "title": "45 ans", "original_title": "45 Years", "slug_title": "45-ans", "date": "2015-08-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Kate et Geoff Mercer sont sur le point d\u2019organiser une grande f\u00eate pour leur 45e anniversaire de mariage. Pendant ces pr\u00e9paratifs, Geoff re\u00e7oit une nouvelle : le corps de Katya, son premier grand amour, disparu 50 ans auparavant dans les glaces des Alpes, vient d\u2019\u00eatre retrouv\u00e9. Cette nouvelle va alors bouleverser le couple et modifier doucement le regard que Kate porte sur son mari\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/audq7llmvYDeh9ihDhLg8iSUkAt.jpg", "actors": ["Charlotte Rampling (Kate Mercer)", "Tom Courtenay (Geoff Mercer)", "Geraldine James (Lena)", "Dolly Wells (Charlotte)", "David Sibley (George)", "Richard Cunningham (Mr. Watkins)", "Hannah Chalmers (Travel Agent)", "Rufus Wright (Jake)", "Michelle Finch (Niece)", "Sam Alexander (Chris the Postman)", "Max Rudd (Ma\u00eetre d')", "Camille Ucan (Caf\u00e9 Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Some secrets need to be left untouched for good.\r\n\r\nThis little British romance-drama was not expected by everyone. Without Charlotte Rampling's Oscars nominee for the lead role, it would have been an easily forgotten. Because it is very slow, the story is just okay, but the performances are the saviour IMO. At this age, Charlotte Rampling was looking so good on the screen, her youthful costume was maybe the reason.\r\n\r\nThe story of a long married couple, the whole movie takes place on the eve of their 45th anniversary celebration. A week to go for their big day, the wife discovers some hidden secret by her hubby. While digging it only gets bigger, but how it would affect their present relationship was told quite interestingly. It was only a single perspective tale, so the detail on the other side are not briefed to us that well. But everything was quite understandable.\r\n\r\nIn some relationship, some secret needs to be left untouched for good, only if it is not hurting anybody. Life is a long journey if you're an old and to look back your path. What happened a long time ago is not to be judged for the in between timeline events. In someone's perspective, some past incidents are fair. The beauty of this drama is simply lies how smoothly narrated this complicated issue between a husband and wife. Because even if you're not a regular movie goer, still you can name a couple of similar titles, but how unique this was when comparing with those is that's where it betters. It was not so good, but much better in many ways, in its own way.\r\n\r\n7/10"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "'45 Years' is a brilliant film. It was very well acted and so tense. The way each scene was shot and the cinematography was beautiful.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}], "recommandations_id": [221902, 258480, 336050, 294016], "youtube_key": "qXAnjA9tAnQ"}