{"tmdb_id": 3112, "title": "La nuit du chasseur", "original_title": "The Night of the Hunter", "slug_title": "la-nuit-du-chasseur", "date": "1955-08-26", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Drame", "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Un pr\u00eacheur inqui\u00e9tant poursuit dans l'Am\u00e9rique rurale deux enfants dont le p\u00e8re vient d'\u00eatre condamn\u00e9 pour vol et meurtre. Avant son incarc\u00e9ration, le p\u00e8re leur avait confi\u00e9 dix milles dollars, dont ils doivent r\u00e9v\u00e9ler l'existence \u00e0 personne. Pourchass\u00e9s sans piti\u00e9 par ce pasteur psychopathe et abandonn\u00e9s \u00e0 eux-m\u00eames, les enfants se lancent sur les routes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y3gPAmVc4qoKMmj5W4zqdFYR15x.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Mitchum (Harry Powell)", "Shelley Winters (Willa Harper)", "Lillian Gish (Rachel Cooper)", "James Gleason (Birdie Steptoe)", "Evelyn Varden (Icey Spoon)", "Peter Graves (Ben Harper)", "Don Beddoe (Walt Spoon)", "Billy Chapin (John Harper)", "Sally Jane Bruce (Pearl Harper)", "Gloria Castillo (Ruby)", "James Griffith (District Attorney (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "daniel white", "content": "The only film directed by the great English actor Charles Laughton, \"The Night of the Hunter\" is a brilliant allegory about the battle between good and evil.  The film failed upon its release but is now considered a classic.  Robert Mitchum has never been better as the malevolent \"preacher\" who marries the hapless Shelley Winters.  Mitchum had been in prison with Winters husband and knows there is money to be had from a robbery the deceased  husband committed, but where is it?  Though Shelley falls under Mitchum\"s twisted religious zeal, her children a little boy and girl instinctively know this man is bad, bad, bad.  Spoiler alert: Shelley Comes to a watery end and the children must flee from Mitchum who has discovered the money is hidden in little Pearl's doll.  After an arduous journey mainly by boat (the Ohio river?) John and Pearl come to rest in the saintly arms of the magnificent Lillian Gish.  But Mitchum is relentless in his pursuit and that is when the eternal battle between good and evil is fought one more time.  I will not reveal which side prevails but let's just say for an old broad Lillian is a formidable opponent.  A film I saw as a young boy it left an impression on me that was powerful.  A  deeply disturbing yet uplifting movie \"Night of the Hunter\" is not to be missed.  This is Gummshoe signing off with two fists up for \"Night of the Hunter.\""}], "recommandations_id": [1092, 1480, 3090, 654]}