{"tmdb_id": 311581, "title": "Die Jahre vergehen", "original_title": "Die Jahre vergehen", "slug_title": "die-jahre-vergehen", "date": "1945-02-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The successful shipowner Georg Behrendsen and his wife Irene are coming from South America to Germany for business. While negotiating in the home of senator Kersten, the senator's son Wilhelm (Werner Fuetterer) is taking care of Irene Behrendsen. The two fall in love with each other and decide to marry after Irene's divorce from her husband. But the old senator forces his son to decide whether to marry Irene or to become head of the shipping company. Not to break the family tradition, Wilhelm decides against the marriage. Irene, full of hatred against the senator, goes back to her husband. 25 years later. The senator is still head of the shipping company, because Wilhelm was killed in the war. He concentrates his love now on his daughter Victoria and he can't refuse any wish of her. Some day she tells him that she has been falling in love with a young german guy from overseas called Peter Behrendsen, not knowing that he is the son of the women who hates the senator the most.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8wV9CFjJ7pKB66SyDUbWKiplzeA.jpg", "actors": ["Heidemarie Hatheyer (Frau Irene Behrendsen)", "Carl Kuhlmann (Senator Ferdinand Kersten)", "Werner Fuetterer (Wilhelm Kersten, dessen Sohn)", "Agnes Windeck (Fau Mathilde Kersten)", "Franz Schafheitlin (Justizrat Carlsen)", "Walter Gross (Scholtes, Besitzer einer Instrumentenhandlun)", "Rolf Moebius (Peter Behrendsen)", "Michael von Newlinsky ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}