{"tmdb_id": 31152, "title": "La Maison dans l'ombre", "original_title": "On Dangerous Ground", "slug_title": "la-maison-dans-l-ombre", "date": "1951-12-17", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un policier violent aide un sh\u00e9rif de campagne \u00e0 retrouver Walden, un d\u00e9s\u00e9quilibr\u00e9, dont il vient de rencontrer la soeur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dJiSzEf5uGV0l9bQbaCyk7ob2YP.jpg", "actors": ["Ida Lupino (Mary Malden)", "Robert Ryan (Jim Wilson)", "Ward Bond (Walter Brent)", "Charles Kemper (Pop Daly)", "Anthony Ross (Pete Santos)", "Ed Begley (Capt. Brawley)", "Ian Wolfe (Sheriff Carrey)", "Sumner Williams (Danny Malden)", "Gus Schilling (Lucky)", "Frank Ferguson (Willows)", "Cleo Moore (Myrna Bowers)", "Olive Carey (Mrs. Brent)", "Richard Irving (Bernie Tucker)", "Patricia Prest (Julie Brent)", "Nita Talbot (Woman in Bar (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Garbage, all we handle is garbage. \r\n\r\nOn Dangerous Ground is directed by Nicholas Ray and stars Ida Lupino, Robert Ryan & Ward Bond. It's loosely adapted by Ray and A. I. Bezzerides from Gerald Butler's novel Mad With Much Heart. Cinematography is by George E. Diskant & the music is provided by Bernard Herrmann & Paul Sawtell. The story concerns Ryan's weary, lonely and psychologically bothered cop, Jim Wilson. Who after finally snapping the patience of his superiors is sent to Westham in the rural north to aid a murder case there. The idea is to get him off the streets he's so bitter about and to stop him finally going over the violence tinged edge. It's here, amongst the wintry landscapes, that he is brought into contact with Mary Malden (Lupino). A practically blind woman, Mary holds all the keys to the mystery and to the door at the end of Wilson's journey.\r\n\r\nRight from the outset we are in no doubt that Nicholas Ray is about to take us on a noir journey. Herrmann's pulse like score accompanies its nighttime opening, Diskant's photography immediately painting a harsh city where life on the streets is tough. A place where loneliness can eat away at the soul and bleakness pours down off of the bars and the cheaply built apartments. It is in short, firmly encapsulating of Jim Wilson's bitterness and frame of mind. Wilson, once a prime athlete, is mired in solitude, his only telling contribution to society is his work, but that is ebbing away by the day. His mood is not helped by his partners, Pop & Pete, who can easily switch off once their shift has finished; but they have family to go home too, Wilson does not. Wilson's only source of joy comes courtesy of the paperboy he briefly plays football with out on the street (a rare ray of light in the film's moody atmospheric first half).\r\n\r\nThen the film shifts for its second act, a shift that has made On Dangerous Ground a most divisive picture in discussions over the years. Sent north to effectively cool down by Captain Brawley (Ed Begley), we find Wilson leaving behind the dank city and entering the snowbound countryside in the north. Dark has become light as it were. The whole style and pace of the film has changed, yet this is still a place tainted by badness. A girl has been murdered and Wilson is still here to locate potential evil. An evil that the murdered girls father (Ward Bond as Walter Brent) wants to snuff out with his own vengeful fury. As the two men track down the killer, Wilson sees much of himself in Brent's anger, but once the guys arrive at Mary Malden's isolated cabin, things shift just a little more.\r\n\r\nSaid to be a favourite of Martin Scorsese, and an influence for Taxi Driver, On Dangerous Ground has often been called Nicholas Ray's best film by some of his fans (I'd say In A Lonely Place personally). Odd then that Ray himself wasn't happy with the film, calling it a failure and not the finished product he had envisaged. Ray had wanted a three structured movie, not the two part one it is; with the final third being far bleaker and more noirish than the one we actually get. However, and the ending is a bit scratchy for the genre it sits in, it's still a fabulous film that is more about the journey of its protagonist than the diversity caused by its finale. Ryan is terrific, a real powerhouse and believable performance, while Lupino beautifully realises Mary's serene impact on Wilson and the counter opposite to the darkness within the picture. It's a given really, but Herrmann's score is potent, listen out for the opening, the crossover section from city to countryside and the rock face pursuit. While Ray directs with his customary knack of blending the grim with the almost poetic. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19119, 44190, 43370, 211566]}