{"tmdb_id": 311667, "title": "Manhattan Nocturne", "original_title": "Manhattan Night", "slug_title": "manhattan-nocturne", "date": "2016-05-20", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Chroniqueur pour un tablo\u00efd, un p\u00e8re exemplaire se retrouve impliqu\u00e9 dans une dangereuse affaire de harc\u00e8lement et de meurtre apr\u00e8s sa rencontre avec une charmante veuve.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wISpnzPJpJBRBUgo9NPUWc2FeyK.jpg", "actors": ["Adrien Brody (Porter Wren)", "Yvonne Strahovski (Caroline Crowley)", "Campbell Scott (Simon Crowley)", "Jennifer Beals (Lisa Wren)", "Steven Berkoff (Hobbs)", "Linda Lavin (Norma)", "Kevin Breznahan (Ron)", "Thomas Bair (Tommy)", "Will Beinbrink (Billy)", "Frank Deal (Campbell)", "Raul Aranas (Luis)", "Chinasa Ogbuagu (Haitian Woman)", "Uzimann (Cab Driver (uncredited))", "Amelie McKendry (Not Caroline (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Ending up solving mysteries between two people risking his own family.**\r\n\r\nThe film was based on the book named 'Manhattan Nocturne'. Excellently made film, it's the director's first feature film as well. He did not get the top actors, but these actors were the good ones. Adrien Brody and Yvonne Strahovski were amazing their respective roles. It was not a detective story, but very close to being one. So if you love crime-mysteries, then you should try this. The tone of the film makes very interesting. It's not about the question of story prediction, but how cleverly it was advanced like the characters were transformed compared to the opening and the conclusion.\r\n\r\nSome films open strongly, but ends poorly. In this case, the opening was average, but ended on a high. The main reason is the middle parts, keeping all contents together and developing some suspense with a couple of quick twists made this film to reach the expectation made by its viewers. It was a tale of a recently famed reporter finds an affair with a young widow, despite he's married with a child. Soon, he discovers some mysterious men are watching him, who threatening his family as well. How he gets out of that trouble by finding reasons behind it is what the rest of the film narrates.\r\n\r\nIt looked a lot like a television film. Not because of the production quality, actually the production was top class, but the story and its narration felt kind of like a mini-series type. I don't know how many books are there, but I want this to continue, at least as a television film series. One of the best of its kind, I almost liked everything about the film. But I still feel I underrated it, at the end I'm satisfied with what I gave. Definitely, I recommend it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Tell me the horse story!\r\n\r\nManhattan Night is directed by Brian DeCubellis and DeCubellis adapts the screenplay from the novel Manhattan Nocturn written by Colin Harrison. It stars Adrien Brody, Yvonne Strahovski, Jennifer Beals, Campbell Scott, Linda Lavin and Steven Berkoff. Music is by Joel Douek and cinematography is by David Tumblety.\r\n\r\nA New York journalist finds himself in a web of intrigue and passion when a woman asks him to investigate the mysterious death of her film director husband.\r\n\r\nHow wonderful to find that in this day and age there are still film makers willing to push film noir in its neo form up front and central. Of course the trick is knowing your staple requirements of what would be termed \"pure noir\", and of course noir in colour form is never going to be accepted in some quarters (understandably so). So approaching Manhattan Night to hopefully view a simple murder mystery thriller is likely to end in disappointment, for this beats a true noir heart and an understanding of that film making style and its narrative barbs should, hopefully, aid the viewing experience.\r\n\r\nInstantly we are served a classic era slice of noirvana as Brody's journalist Porter Wren starts narrating where he is at for story origin. Soon enough a sultry babe in the form of Strahovski's femme fatale enters the fray. Tumblety establishes that under wise direction we are in the realm of neo-noir photographic compliance, the pronounced primaries will continue to be a feature as the NYC locales bristling with beauty and lurking danger. All while Douek lays out a jazzy blues musical score that's knowingly complicit as a seamy character.\r\n\r\nDeCubellis has filled out his play with stock noir characters. The happily married man - a good father, giving in to temptation, the femme with a painful back story - which is compounded by a husband who is into psychotic love. The rich wealthy man damaged physically to the point of crushing his masculinity,\r\nand his hired goons who like their work way too much. Into the mix is the murder mystery, incriminating video footage, some family peril and a whole lot of eroticism. Welcome to Noirville!\r\n\r\nIt's not all dandy film making though. DeCubellis is guilty of letting Berkoff way overact in the first half of his character's story, but this is off set later in the film as Berkoff reins it in and gives us something more subtle and touching. The director/writer also gives us an ending that doesn't have the courage to really beat a black heart, which is annoying since the pic has been set up previously as such. Yet there's so much to admire here, so much so it would be nice to see DeCubellis stay in this zone and take Tumblety with him. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [296844, 129261, 332704, 309503]}