{"tmdb_id": 311670, "title": "The Boudoir of Elodie", "original_title": "Le lit d'\u00c9lodie", "slug_title": "the-boudoir-of-elodie", "date": "1983-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Elodie leaves her husband Laurent when she discovers he has a mistress. She gets drunk in a bar and shares a bottle with a wino in the street. they have sex over the top of some trash cans. She then goes to her sister's place and interrupts her in bed with her boyfriend, Christophe. They go off to stay with their father in the country. He has a very obliging maid, H\u00e9l\u00e8ne, and a shy young man, Guillaume, is staying with him. Guillaume becomes infatuated with Elodie. The maid's boyfriend is Jean-Pierre Armand. Cathy meets him and Alain Lyle in the street and arranges a date with Alain. They have sex in the car and Jean-Pierre watches and joins in having just left H\u00e9l\u00e8ne in his bed. Guillaume spies on Christine and later deliberately opens a shutter in the night to make a noise that will draw her downstairs in the empty house. They have sex in the darkened lounge when she investigates. Elodie returns to Laurent who has been calling around to discover where she has gone.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zl2UkwC0X62BkGC504PQJmFbNfp.jpg", "actors": ["Marie-Christine Chireix (\u00c9lodie)", "Yves Callas (wino)", "Olivia Flores (Laurent's mistress)", "Alban Ceray (Laurent)", "Cathy Stewart (Elodie's sister)", "Dominique Irissou (Christophe)", "Liliane Gray (H\u00e9l\u00e8ne, the maid)", "Jacques Marbeuf (Elodie's father)", "Jean-Pierre Armand (H\u00e9l\u00e8ne's boyfriend)", "Hank Kuinlan (Guillaume)", "Alain L'Yle ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}