{"tmdb_id": 312883, "title": "Pantasya", "original_title": "Pantasya", "slug_title": "pantasya", "date": "2007-03-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "A digital feature has five episodes that all deal with wild gay fantasies involving men in uniform. It starts with \"Biyahe,\" about a jilted taxi driver and his jealous passenger who find comfort in each other's lovesick arms. The second episode is \"Linya,\" about a lonely homeowner whose phone conks out. Two handsome repairmen arrive and they end up engaging in a dizzying threesome. Next is \"Laro,\" about four basketball players who are taking a shower in the locker room after an intense game, and a shy guy who takes a peek at them and later joins in the fun. \"Bilis\" is about a hunky delivery boy in a hurry who delivers pizza to a bored yuppie who is working overtime in his office. They get instantly attracted upon seeing each other. The last episode is \"Bantay,\" about a horny security guard in the graveyard shift. He sees two lovers fighting. Rhyme dumps Jon and Jon finds solace in the arms of the easy going guard.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ls2sRZsvY5vj7EiTleDoV6WKKra.jpg", "actors": ["Arthur Estrella ()", "Rov Roxas ()", "Mark Dionisio ()", "Harold Montano ()", "Kiko Montenegro ()", "Kervin Castillo ()", "Dexter Castro ()", "Brent Lorenzo ()", "Nico Taverna ()", "Kyle Zenorio ()", "Justin De Leon ()", "Trent Allan ()", "Kyro Baldemor ()", "Jon Eric ()", "Rhyme Rodriguez ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}