{"tmdb_id": 31283, "title": "Un Colt pour trois salopards", "original_title": "Hannie Caulder", "slug_title": "un-colt-pour-trois-salopards", "date": "1971-11-08", "genre": ["Drame / Western / Crime"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Hannie d\u00e9cide d'assister Tom Price le chasseur de prime afin qu'il l'entra\u00eene et qu'elle puisse traquer et tuer les 3 hommes qui ont tu\u00e9 son mari et qui l'ont viol\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yB4Spw3UEsoHLO6KuK4afCCZf7a.jpg", "actors": ["Raquel Welch (Hannie Caulder)", "Robert Culp (Thomas Luther Price)", "Ernest Borgnine (Emmett Clemens)", "Jack Elam (Frank Clemens)", "Strother Martin (Rufus Clemens)", "Christopher Lee (Bailey)", "Diana Dors (Madame)", "Stephen Boyd (The Preacher)", "Paco de Luc\u00eda (Guitarist on veranda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I spit on your Oats! \r\n\r\nAh sue me! I think it's great. Raquel Welch plays Hannie Caulder, a gorgeous cowgirl who is raped and left widowed by three scuzzy brothers played by Ernest Borgnine, Strother Martin and Jack Elam. Hell bent on revenge, Hannie hooks up with smooth bounty hunter Thomas Luther Price (Robert Culp excellent), learns how to fire weapons and pursues her quarry to the day of reckoning. \r\n\r\nThat is it, it is what it is, Welch is stunningly beautiful and sexy and director Burt Kennedy wastes no opportunities to capitalise on this fact. If we are honest she's miscast, but it really doesn't matter, nor does finding Christopher Lee in the picture as a wily old gunsmith! \r\n\r\nThe mix of humour with a rape revenge storyline is a little uncomfortable at times, but not insultingly so, while Kennedy has a good eye for action. Edward Scaife photographs (Panavision) pleasingly out of Almer\u00eda in Spain, and Ken Thorne's musical score trundles along without intrusion. \r\n\r\nIt's off-beat, even unique, and while it misses the chance to be a feminist Western of some standing, there's a real good time to be had here for those willing to buy into the daftness of it all. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74719, 6476, 64139, 37308], "youtube_key": "hjkifyQ4NiU"}