{"tmdb_id": 312800, "title": "Adi Shankaracharya", "original_title": "Adi Shankaracharya", "slug_title": "adi-shankaracharya", "date": "1983-01-01", "genre": "", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rJUj9hiflHX2dTwyHTGcMWHWkHg.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "PantaOz", "content": "It wasn't easy finding this 1983 Indian film, first ever made in Sanskrit language, directed by G. V. Iyer. I heard that it was possible to see it on YouTube, but there is no access to YouTube from China where I am currently working. Anyway, it is over 30 years old movie which looks much older - especially at the start, rolling credits which primary school students could do better in 1983. But, as soon as the movie started you will notice the talent of the team, especially the directing and cinematography (Madhu Ambat) were outstanding! There was a problem with some of the illustrations which were too amateurish, and acting was well overdone... but it won't take too much of the film's beauty.\r\n\r\nThe film depicts the life and times of 8th century Hindu philosopher, Adi Shankara, who consolidated the doctrine of Advaita Vedanta (Non-dualism) in Hindu philosophy. At the 31st National Film Awards, it won four awards, including Best Film, Best Screenplay, Best Cinematography and Best Audiography. This is a movie which will mainly inform you, and teach you... not set up to entertain you for a minute from its 136 minutes of the official length (I have to say that my version was 158 minutes and I have no idea what cut was that, but it was amazing). Step by step you will understand the way this great teacher thought, the way he developed from a tiny boy to a greatest guru of the Hindu philosophy... the way he accepted life and understood the way it is lived and how it should be lived. You do not have to agree with this teaching to like the narrative style of story telling with lots of chanting and melodic rhythmic reciting of the ancient Vedic texts...\r\n\r\nIf you love philosophy and movies, perfect choice for you!"}], "recommandations_id": []}