{"tmdb_id": 313369, "title": "La La Land", "original_title": "La La Land", "slug_title": "la-la-land", "date": "2016-11-29", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Au c\u0153ur de Los Angeles, une actrice en devenir pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9e Mia sert des caf\u00e9s entre deux auditions. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, Sebastian, passionn\u00e9 de jazz, joue du piano dans des clubs miteux pour assurer sa subsistance. Tous deux sont bien loin de la vie r\u00eav\u00e9e \u00e0 laquelle ils aspirent\u2026  Le destin va r\u00e9unir ces doux r\u00eaveurs, mais leur coup de foudre r\u00e9sistera-t-il aux tentations, aux d\u00e9ceptions, et \u00e0 la vie tr\u00e9pidante d\u2019Hollywood ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ylXCdC106IKiarftHkcacasaAcb.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Gosling (Sebastian Wilder)", "Emma Stone (Mia Dolan)", "John Legend (Keith)", "Rosemarie DeWitt (Laura Wilder)", "J.K. Simmons (Bill)", "Ami\u00e9e Conn (Famous Actress)", "Terry Walters (Linda)", "Thom Shelton (Coffee Spiller)", "Cinda Adams (Casting Director)", "Callie Hernandez (Tracy)", "Jessica Rothe (Alexis)", "Sonoya Mizuno (Caitlin)", "Claudine Claudio (Karen)", "Jason Fuchs (Carlo)", "D.A. Wallach (80's singer)", "Trevor Lissauer (Valet)", "Olivia Hamilton (Bree)", "Anna Chazelle (Sarah / Hula Hooper)", "Marius De Vries (Clyde)", "Finn Wittrock (Greg Earnest)", "Josh Pence (Josh)", "Nicole Coulon (Josh's Fiance)", "Damon Gupton (Harry)", "Christopher Michael Stevens (Malcolm)", "Keith Harris (Cole)", "Kaveh Rastegar (Tom)", "Briana Lee (Echo Backup Singer)", "David Douglas (Ty)", "Miles Anderson (Alistair)", "Bobo Chang (Photographer's Assistant)", "Meagen Fay (Mrs. Dolan)", "John Hindman (Frank)", "Valarie Rae Miller (Amy Brandt)", "Nicole Wolf (Amy Brandt's Assistant)", "Corrin Evans (New Barista)", "Kiff VandenHeuvel (New Coffee Shop Manager)", "Tom Everett Scott (David)", "Hemky Madera (Jimmy)", "Zo\u00eb Hall (Chelsea)", "Dempsey Pappion (Charles)", "Sandra Rosko (Dream Audience)", "Reshma Gajjar (Traffic Dancer - Girl #1)", "Candice Coke (Traffic Dancer - Girl #2)", "Hunter Hamilton (Traffic Dancer - 1st Man)", "Damian Gomez (Traffic Dancer - 2nd Man)", "Amanda Balen (Traffic Dancer - Conductor)", "Cindera Che (Traffic Dancer)", "Chris Moss (Traffic Dancer)", "Marissa Labog (Traffic Dancer)", "Tiffany Daniels (Traffic Dancer)", "Melinda Sullivan (Traffic Dancer)", "Stephanie Landwehr (Traffic Dancer)", "Britt Stewart (Traffic Dancer)", "Clarice Ordaz (Traffic Dancer)", "Nathan Prevost (Traffic Dancer)", "Scott Hislop (Hollywood Party Dancer - Creepy Guy)", "Kc Monnie (Hollywood Party Dancer)", "Krystal Ellsworth (Hollywood Party Dancer)", "Sarah Mitchell (Hollywood Party Dancer)", "Morgan Larson (Hollywood Party Dancer)", "Becca Sweitzer (Restaurant Dancer)", "Gakenia Muigai (Restaurant Dancer)", "Michael Stein (Restaurant Dancer)", "Mario Diaz (Restaurant Dancer)", "Julie Schmid (Epilogue Dancer)", "Lexie Contursi (Epilogue Dancer)", "Eartha Robinson (Epilogue Dancer)", "Sybil Azur (Epilogue Dancer)", "Tara Nicole Hughes (Epilogue Dancer)", "Kayla Kalbfleisch (Epilogue Dancer)", "Martha Nichols (Epilogue Dancer)", "Anthony Marciona (Epilogue Dancer)", "Bill Prudich (Epilogue Dancer)", "Robert Roldan (Epilogue Dancer)", "Ryan Novak (Epilogue Dancer)", "Demian Boergadine (Epilogue Dancer)", "Gustavo Vargas (Epilogue Dancer)", "Robert Haynes (Angry Neighbor)", "Ana Flavia Gavlak (Young Actress (uncredited))", "Andres Perez-Molina (Coffee Shop Customer (uncredited))", "Phillip E. Walker (Jazz Club Patron (uncredited))", "Milica Govich (Coffee Shop Customer #2 (uncredited))", "Kaye L. Morris (Producer's Girlfriend (uncredited))", "Nilla Elizabeth Watkins (Coffee Shop Customer (uncredited))", "Holly Houk (Kissing Couple (uncredited))", "Jesse Houk (Kissing Couple (uncredited))", "Kristin Slaysman (Coffee Shop Customer (uncredited))", "Cameron Brinkman (Jazz Club Patron (uncredited))", "Jordan Ray Fox (Nathan (uncredited))", "Caroline Jaden Stussi (Espresso Coffee Shop Customer (uncredited))", "Margaret Newborn (Jazz Club Goer (uncredited))", "Nadia Tumanova (Club Patron (uncredited))", "Crystal Nichol (Audition Actress (uncredited))", "Kristin Elliott (Audition Actress (uncredited))", "Andrea Lareo (Casting Assistant (uncredited))", "Christopher Aber (Cowboy (uncredited))", "Anna Lunberry (Publicist (uncredited))", "Courtney Hart (Hollywood Starlet (uncredited))", "Shannon Leann (Hollywood Starlet (uncredited))", "Jenna Curtis (Waitress (uncredited))", "Noah James (Young Man (uncredited))", "Tommy Cooley (Kissing Couple (uncredited))", "Morgan Cohen (Kissing Couple (uncredited))", "Jeremy Nathan Tisser (Freeway Truck Musician (uncredited))", "Patty Tobin (Casting Director (uncredited))", "Heather Turman (Young Man's Date (uncredited))", "Susie Ganiere (Jazz Club Patron (uncredited))", "Ottavio Taddei (Swing Dancer (uncredited))", "April Martucci (Audition Girl (uncredited))", "Trent Kerpsack (Sailor (uncredited))", "Lynn Moore (Jazz Club Patron (uncredited))", "Vince Donvito (Coffee Guy (uncredited))", "Steffen Dziczek (Moviegoer (uncredited))", "Melvin LaThomas Brimm (Waiter (uncredited))", "Kelly Kennedy (Bubblegum Girl (uncredited))", "Clarence Robinson (Lighthouse Bass Player (uncredited))", "Dapo Torimiro (Jazz Club Guitar Player (uncredited))", "Destinee Handly (Barista (uncredited))", "Tommy Otis (Extra - Robert Evans (uncredited))", "Amanda Fields (Red Head Actress (uncredited))", "Frederick Keeve (Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Kayla Bechor (Street dance (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "\"To me, _La La Land_ is like religion. I see the appeal, and I would never take it away from anyone. But I would also never stand in line for it.\" \r\n- Jeff WInger, probably.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Not quite for me, but I definitely get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "\ud83c\udf39 Rose", "content": "A very special, memorable film that will be iconic in the years to come."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is definitely not a movie that I would have chosen to watch all by myself which perhaps explain why I thought it was just surprisingly okay to watch. However my girlfriend absolutely wanted to watch it so I got it. As it turned out my girlfriend had only gone by the number of Oscars and not really looked up what kind of movie it actually was so in the end I was enjoying the movie a lot more than she did.\r\n\r\nThis movie is pretty much a quite classical Hollywood musical with a non too original story, nice music and dancing. In addition the cinematography  is simply excellent. This is the strong point of this movie. The rest of the movie is of lesser interest to me but the cinematography is really, really good. The scene, pictured on the movie poster, were Mia and Sebastian dances and everything in the scene are dark blue tones except Mia\u2019s bright yellow dress is so simple and yet so beautiful.\r\n\r\nEverything else about this movie is\u2026okay. Okay acting, okay story etc.  As I wrote before this is really not my kind of movie so forgive me for not being overly enthusiastic. I am sure those into these kind of movies cannot understand how anyone can give it less than a full set of stars but hey, different tastes and all that.\r\n\r\nI cannot make up my mind about ending. On one hand I am a sucker for happy endings which this one falls a wee bit short on. On the other hand I have to commend the writer/director for not taking the path of least resistance and instead putting together something a wee bit different.\r\n\r\nI did feel that a part of the movie was missing though. I would have liked to see the parts where Mia and Sebastian actually fulfilled their respective dreams. Jumping fast forward to the ending like the movie did felt a bit like they either ran out of money or they manage to misplace half the story!\r\n\r\nAnyway, I enjoyed the movie more than I thought I would."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**They'd crossed each others life while chasing their dreams.**\r\n\r\nI am not a big fan of modern musical films. So I was not expecting it to be a great or worst. The film opened with a song that I was not happy, because I did not like the verse or the music. And again to say, the modern timeline does not suit for the musical theme, unless it is a fantasy or an Indian film. \r\n\r\nThe best part of the film was, those song fades away as the film progresses. But I kind of liked the drama/story part and the climax track with the quick flashback (kind of). Till that scene I was considering it an average film, but that one scene changed my stance. So, now I think it is a good film, but winning 6 Oscars, I don't know it deserved that.\r\n\r\nYes, the director is known for making music and musical film, but he has not made many. He's young and so his career. Yep, I loved 'Whiplash'. One of my all time favourite. If that film had won 10 Oscars, I would have not surprised at all. After that flick, the people were anticipating, to exceed that success in this film. As it was received, no doubt for those people it was a different flick, but not for me. Especially if you watch lots of Indian films. By the way the film characters were nice, and so the story, but not the songs.\r\n\r\nGosling and Stone were performed well. The chemistry between them was great. The narration was going decently until the end, which reminded me 'Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya' ending that I was not happy about, yet something different than usual. Sometimes I am okay with clich\u00e9 than this kind of conclusion, just to bring a change in storytelling. Overall an enjoyable film, most people would love it. Some like me would say it is a decent flick, but there's always a few who would never favour it. Yet worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334541, 376867, 381284, 334543], "youtube_key": "je0aAf2f8XQ"}