{"tmdb_id": 31394, "title": "King of the Lost World", "original_title": "King of the Lost World", "slug_title": "king-of-the-lost-world", "date": "2005-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "2.9/10", "synopsis": "Un avion de ligne s\u2019\u00e9crase quelque part en Amazonie et se scinde en deux. Au milieu des d\u00e9bris, les survivants tentent de s\u2019organiser en attendant les secours qui tardent \u00e0 venir. Ils d\u00e9cident alors de retrouver l\u2019autre moiti\u00e9 de l\u2019avion, en pensant y trouver une radio \u00e9metteur. En chemin, certains indices laissent \u00e0 penser qu\u2019ils ne sont peut-\u00eatre pas seuls dans la jungle. Les rescap\u00e9s doivent bient\u00f4t composer avec un environnement plus hostile qu\u2019il n\u2019y para\u00eet, un monde myst\u00e9rieux peupl\u00e9 d\u2019animaux pr\u00e9historiques et d\u2019une tribu sauvage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7NOeBpiHFsvwuH8ClCBohwlwPTO.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Boxleitner (Lt. Challenger)", "Jeff Denton (Ed Malone)", "Rhett Giles (John Roxton)", "Sarah Lieving (Rita Summerlee)", "Christina Rosenberg (Dana)", "Steve Railsback (Larry)", "Chriss Anglin (Olo)", "Amanda Ward (Natalie)", "Boni Yanagisawa (Tianka)", "Andrew Lauer (Steven (as Andy Lauer))", "Thomas Downey (Reggie (as Tom Downey))", "Amanda Barton (Taylor)", "James Ferris (Yuri)", "Jennifer Lee Wiggins (Etienne (as Jennifer Wiggins))", "Angela Horvath (Chrissy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Originally titled \u201cAttack of the Blurry Ape\u201d***\r\n\r\nThe Asylum\u2019s \u201cKing of the Lost World\u201d (2005) is a TV knockoff of Peter Jackson\u2019s \u201cKing Kong,\u201d released one day before that blockbuster during Christmas. While there\u2019s a giant ape and an island of colossal creatures, the similarities end there. This has more to do with Arthur Conan Doyle's fantasy/adventure novel \u201cThe Lost World\u201d (1912) than \u201cKing Kong.\u201d The plot revolves around a group of survivors of a plane wreck who search the mysterious island; and clash with the giant creatures & primitive-type people that dwell there.     \r\n\r\nThe movie only cost $1 million and the blurry CGI creatures look it. If you can get past that, there\u2019s quite a bit to like here for fans of comic book adventure flicks, especially of the lost on a deserted island variety. Imagine \u201cMysterious Island\u201d (1961) if it was done on a miniscule budget, like \"Planet of the Dinosaurs\" (1977), and that\u2019s what this is. \r\n\r\nThe Asylum\u2019s \u201cThe Land that Time Forgot\u201d (2009) is comparable, but that one had over double the money to spend, as did the 1974 film with Doug McClure. Another point of reference is those cheesy primeval flicks from Hammer back in the day, like \u201cThe Lost Continent\u201d (1968) and \u201cWhen Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth\u201d (1970).\r\n\r\nIf you don\u2019t appreciate Grade B (or Grade C) adventure fare like this I\u2019d suggest passing but, if you can roll with it, the story and cast are decent, highlighted by curvy Sarah Lieving in form-fitting shorts, not to mention a couple others. The Southern Cal locations feature magnificent coastlines, lush jungles, cool caves and barren landscapes.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 20 minutes and was shot at Pikake Gardens, Valley Center, and San Diego County, California.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [16922, 46368, 111901, 70247], "youtube_key": "GIgXC7avN-U"}