{"tmdb_id": 31407, "title": "Teddy Bear", "original_title": "Mi\u015b", "slug_title": "teddy-bear", "date": "1981-05-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The main character, nicknamed \"Teddy Bear\" by his friends and acquaintances, is a manager of a sports club in Poland. One day he is detained at the border just as his sport team is off to a tournament. It appears that somebody has torn out a few pages from his passport. It occurs to him that perhaps his ex-wife has done it in order to get her hands on their joint account in a London bank. Therefore, he has to get to London as soon as possible in order to transfer the money to a different bank. The solution is taking part in a movie, made by his friend. The script requires a double role, thus the search for another actor is announced. The double has to apply for the passport, and that is solved through a girlfriend who agrees to play the dope's new fianc\u00e9e. At the engagement party he is slipped a drug, and Teddy Bear runs off to the airport with the false passport. On the plane, however, he meets his ex-wife...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e6DNdKMbBEPC2JVnpAp6GLKMUZD.jpg", "actors": ["Stanis\u0142aw Tym (Ryszard Och\u00f3dzki/Stanislaw Paluch)", "Barbara Burska (Irena Och\u00f3dzka)", "Christine Paul-Podlasky (Aleksandra Koze\u0142)", "Krzysztof Kowalewski (Jan Hochwander)", "Bronis\u0142aw Pawlik (Stuwa\u0142a)", "Jerzy Turek (Wac\u0142aw Jarz\u0105bek)", "Jan Kociniak (Milicjant)", "Jerzy Bo\u0144czak (Chrostowicz)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [36404, 36391, 8211, 81223], "youtube_key": "qITg7sI4P0I"}