{"tmdb_id": 314095, "title": "The Lost City of Z", "original_title": "The Lost City of Z", "slug_title": "the-lost-city-of-z", "date": "2017-03-15", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Percy Fawcett est un colonel britannique reconnu et un mari aimant. En 1906, alors qu\u2019il s\u2019appr\u00eate \u00e0 devenir p\u00e8re, la Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9ographique royale d'Angleterre lui propose de partir en Amazonie afin de cartographier les fronti\u00e8res entre le Br\u00e9sil et la Bolivie. Sur place, l\u2019homme se prend de passion pour l\u2019exploration et d\u00e9couvre des traces de ce qu\u2019il pense \u00eatre une cit\u00e9 perdue tr\u00e8s ancienne. De retour en Angleterre, Fawcett n\u2019a de cesse de penser \u00e0 cette myst\u00e9rieuse civilisation, tiraill\u00e9 entre son amour pour sa famille et sa soif d\u2019exploration et de gloire\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uLHorVHuWQZ1HugTp0bbD19jef7.jpg", "actors": ["Charlie Hunnam (Percival Fawcett)", "Robert Pattinson (Henry Costin)", "Sienna Miller (Nina Fawcett)", "Tom Holland (Jack Fawcett)", "Angus Macfadyen (James Murray)", "Ian McDiarmid (Sir George Goldie)", "Franco Nero (Baron de Gondoriz)", "Bobby Smalldridge (Jack Fawcett (7 Yr Old))", "Tom Mulheron (Jack Fawcett (3 Yr Old))", "Edward Ashley (Arthur Manley)", "Harry Melling (William Barclay)", "Daniel Huttlestone (Brian Fawcett (15 Yr Old))", "Johann Myers (Willis)", "Michael Ford-FitzGerald (Hunt Leader)", "Aleksandar Jovanovi\u0107 (Urquhart)", "Michael Jenn (Brigd-General Sidney Thornton)", "Nicholas Agnew (John Coundley)", "Frank Clem (Texas Gunman)", "Clive Francis (Sir John Scott Keltie)", "Matthew Sunderland (Dan)", "Yelena Solovey (Madame Kumel)", "Murray Melvin (Lord James Bernard)", "Bethan Coomber (Joan Fawcett (7 Yr Old))", "David Calder (Secretary Bryce)", "Stacy Shane (American Reporter)", "Richard Croxford (Officer Thomas Busby)", "Niall Cusack (Random Scientist)", "Colin Carnegie (Random Scientist 2)", "Pat Mooney (Random Scientist 3)", "Louise Parker (Random Woman)", "Gustavo Duque (Crew Member)", "Fernando Vigui (Diminutive Latino Man)", "Nick Sampson (Doctor)", "Ruair\u00ed Heading (Other Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Let it not be said that _The Lost City of Z_ doesn't attempt something large. Let also not be said that I was entertained for more than a couple of seconds at a time throughout the whole damn thing.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**He wasn't the first, but came close to let the world know his founds.**\r\n\r\nI don't know what were the people expecting from it, another 'Indian Jones'? Booby traps, man eating ants, ancient alien ship et cetera? Well, I agree it was slow and boring in parts, but most importantly, it was only revealed the true story. Not all the biopics are delightful entertainer. Originally this tale took place for three decades, but what you saw on the screen was merely a highlight. All about the adventures. The personal life was less focused. Especially the final act was honest. Because it is a mystery. So people should appreciate for the effort from the filmmakers.\r\n\r\nI really enjoyed it. A film like this hard to come by. I mean when a film based on a real person was made a film, people expect the only heroic act, instead of truth. That kind of mindset need to be changed in order to enjoy it. Or else pick the those similar commercial films instead of it. Charlie Hunnam was impressive, probably his film best I've seen so far. He always reminds me Tom Hardy for having a similar facial. There were others in the film, but only he had piloted it.\r\n\r\nIt's weird that it should have been a British film, but Hollywood made it. Above all, the funny thing was they correctly pronounced the Z as Zed. Anyway, that's how the real story was. The jungle scenes were awesome. In many parts it was very suspense like when they had contact with the Amazonia tribes. I was very curious about what would happen. Because all I remember was 'The Green Inferno'. Those who are interested in the history and archaeological expedition, this film would be the right choice, but anticipate reality, not something out of the world.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}, {"pseudo": "dshacky90", "content": "End of the movie you just kind of stare at the screen and ask \"What the H*** did I just watch?!?\" \r\n\r\nIt is loooooong and just keeps going and going and going.  No big movements to get the plot line going any faster and just when you think it's wrapping up it keeps dragging itself a long.  \r\n\r\nThe story is great, no doubt about that, but the way the movie potrays every single little detail was way way way too much.  It's over 2 hours long and in the end we find out *Spoiler* It's all just speculation of what COULD have happened! Seriously?!?! they wander into the jungle go past where anyone had been before and then never returned! they could have tripped and fell into a canyon or drowned in the river but this movie drags out what could possibly have happened as if it's the true story. \r\n\r\nDon't waste you time..."}], "recommandations_id": [274857, 334521, 395834, 68730], "youtube_key": "hjqtP459uo8"}