{"tmdb_id": 31417, "title": "Les Yeux sans visage", "original_title": "Les Yeux sans visage", "slug_title": "les-yeux-sans-visage", "date": "1960-01-11", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Le professeur G\u00e9nessier, c\u00e9l\u00e8bre chirurgien sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans les transplantations, est responsable d'un accident de voiture dont sa fille Christiane - qu'il adore - est sortie vivante mais le visage horriblement mutil\u00e9. A l'aide d'une assistante d\u00e9vou\u00e9e, il attire des jeunes filles dans son pavillon-laboratoire, pour pr\u00e9lever la peau de leur visage et l'appliquer sur les plaies de sa fille. Une op\u00e9ration si difficile que G\u00e9nessier est oblig\u00e9 de la r\u00e9p\u00e9ter r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement, apr\u00e8s chaque \u00e9chec des greffons. Christiane, un masque sur le visage, ne se doute encore de rien...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lD271rStogr4YTnHj9ugz1Batoe.jpg", "actors": ["Pierre Brasseur (Doctor G\u00e9nessier)", "Alida Valli (Louise)", "Edith Scob (Christiane G\u00e9nessier)", "Fran\u00e7ois Gu\u00e9rin (Jacques Vernon)", "Juliette Mayniel (Edna Gruber)", "Alexandre Rignault (Inspector Parot)", "B\u00e9atrice Altariba (Paulette M\u00e9rodon)", "Charles Blavette (l'homme de la fourri\u00e8re)", "Claude Brasseur (un inspecteur)", "Michel Etcheverry (le docteur Lherminier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "How odd I should have to comfort you. You still have some hope, at least.\r\n\r\nLes yeux sans visage (AKA: Eyes Without a Face) is directed by Georges Franju and collectively written by Franju, Jean Redon, Pierre Boileau, Thomas Narcejac and Claude Sautet. It stars Pierre Brasseur, Edith Scob, Alida Valli, Juliette Mayniel and Francois Guerin. Music is by Maurice Jarre and cinematography by Eugen Schufftan.\r\n\r\nDr. Genessier (Brasseur) is wracked with guilt over the car accident he caused that saw his beloved daughter Christiane (Scob) suffer horrendous facial injuries. He has a notion to perform xenograft surgeries on female victims and transplant the face onto that of Christiane\u2026\r\n\r\nIt sounds like a classic mad scientist movie, the sort where Peter Lorre stalks around the place with a devilish grin on his face, only the French version! Eyes Without a Face isn\u2019t that sort of horror film, haunting? Yes, but there is no killing for joy or sadism here, it\u2019s done for love, to assuage guilt whilst advancing science. Oh it\u2019s still madness, but there\u2019s a real sadness to Dr. Genessier\u2019s actions, touchingly so, and with Franju a master of hauntingly lyrical splendour, it\u2019s a film as beautiful as it is troubling.\r\n\r\nChristiane is a living doll, a slow moving angel forced to wear a porcelain mask to hide her badly burned face. As she glides around the Gothic halls of the Genessier house \u2013 and the lower tier corridors of the hospital that\u2019s annexed to the house -  Franju never wastes a chance to poeticise a scene, using slow and long takes in silence that imbue the story with a sense of the foreboding. Even when there is dialogue, it\u2019s always in hushed tones unless it involves the police, who are naturally suspicious of the good doctor Genessier. \r\n\r\nA number of evocative scenes are truly arresting, gorgeous in construction and meaning, none more so than the very final scene that closes the pic down. But the most talked about scene is the one of horror, the surgery procedure that we actually see, a magnificent breath holding sequence, gruesome but once again, done in the name of love! The tragedy of which is palpable. From the opening of the film as Louise (Dr. Genessier\u2019s assistant played by Valli) drags a dead body to a lake, to a moving sequence as Christiane visits the caged dogs that serve as guinea pigs for her father\u2019s experiments, the blend of horror with fairytale like sadness is beautifully rendered.\r\n\r\nTech credits are very high. Schufftan\u2019s photography is graceful and sombre, whilst Jarre\u2019s musical score, particularly the macabre carnival tune he uses, is coming straight from the aural chambers of the surreal. Brasseur is terrific as Genessier, again playing a doctor (he was wonderful the year before in Head Against the Wall), Genessier is a tortured soul with ice cold blood running through his veins, and Brasseur nails it. The French Laird Cregar? Yes. That\u2019s a justifiable compliment. In truth all performances are high in quality, with props to Scob who has to wear the immobile mask and act just with her sad puppy dog eyes.\r\n\r\nAs the doves fly, this is what it sounds like when dogs \u2013 and a porcelain angel \u2013 cry. Indeed. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16372, 11167, 11481, 8740]}