{"tmdb_id": 314285, "title": "Antboy La revanche de Red Fury", "original_title": "Antboy II: Den r\u00f8de furies h\u00e6vn", "slug_title": "antboy-la-revanche-de-red-fury", "date": "2014-12-25", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Avec le pourvoir, viennent de grandes responsabilit\u00e9s !  Pelle alias Antboy, 13 ans et plus populaire que jamais, profite de sa nouvelle vie d\u2019adolescent super h\u00e9ros.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wHavlSfKBmrL7Rsh0kCMSCpRQ5n.jpg", "actors": ["Oscar Dietz (Pelle N\u00f8hrmann / Antboy)", "Amalie Kruse Jensen (Ida)", "Samuel Ting Graf (Wilhelm)", "Nicolas Bro (Albert G\u00e6melkr\u00e5 / Loppen)", "Marcuz Jess Petersen ()", "Boris Aljinovic ()", "Astrid Juncher-Benzon (Maria)", "Hector Br\u00f8gger Andersen (Chris)", "Johannes Jeffries S\u00f8rensen (Mark)", "Cecilie Alstrup Tarp ()", "Caspar Phillipson ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Face-off: The Antboy, Beetleboys and the Red Fury.\r\n\r\nIt's been a year and half since the first part I saw, so I don't remember much. But I know it was short and sweet little superhero movie for children, like this one. A theme like this might end as a trilogy, but I never thought they would make a sequel after the average first film. Still, there is not much different between the two, especially when it comes to the stunts, very light. The story was a decent one, would have made an impact with the stunning action sequences. But keeping the little children in mind, the film falls soft and family friendly.\r\n\r\nIn this movie, the narration picks-up not too far from where it ended in the previous film. The Antboy is quite famous now, especially among the school kids. So that is where the story develops when he fails to keep the promise he made to one of his fans. The humiliated fan wants to take a revenge. Instead, it complicates further when a couple more supervillains emerge and challenges the town's favourite superhero, the Antboy. Bringing an end to all of this leads to one last battle before the credits roll.\r\n\r\n> \"A real hero is the one that allows all of us\r\n> on the outside to feel that we're not alone.\"\r\n\r\nIn the previous film, most of them were fresh faced and their performances have been only a just acceptable. Especially the Antboy's that I was worried about. I know the story demands geeky kid just like Spiderman and Superman when they were not in the superhero costume to keep the low profile. But now I see well progressed and a very professional lead boy. From the opening title and credits to till the end the visuals were high standards. Sometimes I thought the presentation was imitating the Marvels, mostly the 'Kick-Ass' with those comic pictures.\r\n\r\nThe Red Fury was introduced in a style, the new superpower character. Along the terror tvilling, whose superpower was inherited by the beetles. Totally a bug's world, the clash of the insects should we say. Listen this film (series) is just for fun, I believe any grownups won't take it a very seriously. If you are not interested, simply skip it, but I advise you to show the film to your little ones. The characters might be based on the Danish children's book, but somewhat looks like a mixed spoof of some of the great Hollywood flicks. Only a slightly betters the first film from the technical side, yet a very simple silly follow-up.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [378932, 198436, 266500], "youtube_key": "notfound"}