{"tmdb_id": 314388, "title": "Au-del\u00e0 des montagnes", "original_title": "\u5c71\u6cb3\u6545\u4eba", "slug_title": "au-dela-des-montagnes", "date": "2015-11-05", "genre": "Romance / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Chine, fin 1999. Tao, une jeune  fille de Fenyang est courtis\u00e9e par ses deux amis d\u2019enfance, Zang et Lianzi. Zang, propri\u00e9taire d'une station-service, se destine \u00e0 un avenir prometteur tandis que Liang travaille dans une mine de charbon. Le c\u0153ur entre les deux hommes, Tao va devoir faire un choix qui scellera le reste de sa vie et de celle de son futur fils, Dollar. Sur un quart de si\u00e8cle, entre une Chine en profonde mutation et l\u2019Australie comme promesse d\u2019une vie meilleure, les espoirs, les amours et les d\u00e9sillusions de ces personnages face \u00e0 leur destin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3Iy0DSaMQKnZZM5Pvyo6va1hMRM.jpg", "actors": ["Zhao Tao ()", "Sylvia Chang ()", "Dong Zijian ()", "Zhang Yi ()", "Liang Jingdong ()", "Lu Liu ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Like a changing urban landscape, the humans as well!**\r\n\r\nWhen everybody around me liked the director's previous film 'A Touch of Sin', I didn't. As a film fanatic, reject such kind of film is not an easy job without giving a proper reason. I thought that was a missed opportunity. I surely like art films, not the boring one like those aimlessly narrated. I really loved some of the scenes there, but here it was completely different. Most importantly, anybody would understand what the film is trying to say without trying too hard.\r\n\r\nThis is a theme where the China's rise was revealed from the three people's personal life perspective that was categorised to the three generations or the timelines. That's not it, the communism was also highlighted, how it held back the people's freedom. The writer was really smart to smoothly disclosing that to the world. I mean the film never dragged the China's ruling party or its system, but all were told from its character who struggled and if you use your brain, you will get it why.\r\n\r\nThe narration was divided into three episodes. The first one takes place in the year 1999, in a small town somewhere in the China which is economically backward. The story follows a young woman named Tao, who is caught in a love triangle. But for the practical reason, she has to choose one of them and when she does, the other guy leaves the town with the heartbroken. This is the foundation, that dragged for nearly 40 minutes. Obviously slow, but very realistic approach.\r\n\r\nI grew up in the 90s, my country was not much different than what's in this film was shown. So I liked the atmosphere, all those the 90s set, the automobiles, lifestyle, the landscapes of the small towns et cetera taken me back to that time. But the thing is, it was China, society and culturally different. Anyway, it was past and what follows are totally flips the narration, including the perspective.\r\n\r\n> \"You know the hardest thing, about love is caring.\"\r\n\r\nThe second episode takes place in the year 2014, which is something like the present. It reveals what's the status of all the main three characters, like where they're economically standing and the personal life struggles. Tao's married life did not go well and her son is around ten years old who visits her from Shanghai. The one who left the town is now returned and battling for his life for some reason.\r\n\r\nIn the last 15 years, the China significantly changed and still, this entire part is set in the same town which is now economically moved forward. Like the changing urban landscape, how these characters too changed were what focused on this section.\r\n\r\nThen comes the final episode where it is now in the year 2025, that takes place somewhere in the Australia. The perspective was changed, the little boy is now in his 20s, seems lost is root. With his behaviour, you would notice that his lack of knowledge about his ancestors. He who has the differences with his father, decides to make his life as he wanted. That is why the parents should take responsibility to teach their children all the good things about their culture and traditions, and to carry on, it's up to them. Because losing one's identity could lead to the failures in the life.\r\n\r\nThis is the part I liked better. Because it was something like what I encountered in my life. Most of the childhood memories that returns after we're grown-up as the deja vu, like the history repeating itself. Here for pointing out the freedom one to buy a gun was indirectly hit the communism. I mean gun was not a threat, it was just an expressed how it affects people in all the similar circumstances. I meant, what something was hidden brings more eagerness for us to know about it than those are in the out. So forcing something on people is sometime is a bad idea.\r\n\r\nAll the actors were good, but apart from the slow screenplay, I liked the idea of this film. There are some other similar films, like how different generations behave and now this is among them, yet not the best out of all of them. Very much watchable, only if you are capable of handling slow drag. If you know this director very well or the fan of his works, you will find it a pretty interesting film. I won't recommend it, but I also won't either suggest you to skip it.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241639, 117646, 126529, 33297]}