{"tmdb_id": 314389, "title": "Baby", "original_title": "Baby", "slug_title": "baby", "date": "2015-01-23", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "An elite counter-intelligence unit learns of a plot, masterminded by a maniacal madman. With the clock ticking, it's up to them to track the terrorists' international tentacles and prevent them from striking at the heart of India.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/P4kay8niUQz9f14yhTSN7MpSrS.jpg", "actors": ["Akshay Kumar (Ajay)", "Taapsee Pannu (Priya)", "Rana Daggubati (Jai Singh Rathore)", "Danny Denzongpa (Feroze Khan)", "Anupam Kher (Shukla)", "Madhurima Tuli (Anjali)", "Kay Kay Menon (Bilal Khan)", "Sushant Singh (Wasim Khan)", "Mikaal Zulfikaar (Ashfaq)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Shreyance Parakh", "content": "**Good intentions, average execution**\r\n\r\nThough I'm an admirer of Neeraj Pandey's work, Baby was not among the same league as Special 26 and 'A Wednesday', which was a class apart. Most Indian audiences would like this movie a lot but for me it was a case of an average movie that could've been a great one. There were a lot of loop holes(not particularly plot holes) and it could have been cut short by about 10-15 minutes. Some dialogs seemed as if they've been included just to please the audiences like Akshay's wife saying more than once \"Marna mat\"(Don't die). In fact she was one of the only miscast of the movie. Started 'not liking' her from her very first scene. First half felt like somewhat dragging, but the second half must've infused interest in the majority.\r\n\r\nThe movie had its pros too, first of which was the star-cast and the acting. Akshay Kumar was great, which he always is in these kind of roles, and everyone supported hi beautifully, be it the fight sequence from Tapsee Pannu, or the supporting roles of Anupam Kher and Rana Daggubati. Danny Dengzongpa seems to be in the second innings of his career and I'd love for him to play an elongated part in this one. Other good things about this movie were that it seemed good on the technical front and the research behind it bore fruits like the rest of the director's works. Finally, Rasheed Naz must be the perfect person to play 'Maulana Mohammed Rahman'.\r\n\r\nI personally liked D-Day, which was based on the similar story-line, a lot better than Baby though the majority might differ. Hence I won't say to stay away from this one, instead go for it and decide for yourself."}], "recommandations_id": [336211, 165904, 273886, 177358], "youtube_key": "-Yu_2nyOP5o"}