{"tmdb_id": 314365, "title": "Spotlight", "original_title": "Spotlight", "slug_title": "spotlight", "date": "2015-11-06", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Histoire"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Adapt\u00e9 de faits r\u00e9els, Spotlight retrace la fascinante enqu\u00eate du Boston Globe \u2013 couronn\u00e9e par le prix Pulitzer \u2013 qui a mis \u00e0 jour un scandale sans pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent au sein de l\u2019Eglise Catholique. Une \u00e9quipe de journalistes d\u2019investigation, baptis\u00e9e Spotlight, a enqu\u00eat\u00e9 pendant 12 mois sur des suspicions d\u2019abus sexuels au sein d\u2019une des institutions les plus anciennes et les plus respect\u00e9es au monde. L\u2019enqu\u00eate r\u00e9v\u00e8lera que L\u2019Eglise Catholique a prot\u00e9g\u00e9 pendant des d\u00e9cennies les personnalit\u00e9s religieuses, juridiques et politiques les plus en vue de Boston, et d\u00e9clenchera par la suite une vague de r\u00e9v\u00e9lations dans le monde entier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ngKxbvsn9Si5TYVJfi1EGAGwThU.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Ruffalo (Michael Rezendes)", "Michael Keaton (Walter \"Robby\" Robinson)", "Rachel McAdams (Sacha Pfeiffer)", "Liev Schreiber (Marty Baron)", "John Slattery (Ben Bradlee Jr.)", "Stanley Tucci (Mitchell Garabedian)", "Brian d'Arcy James (Matt Carroll)", "Gene Amoroso (Steve Kurkjian)", "Billy Crudup (Eric Macleish)", "Maureen Keiller (Eileen McNamara)", "Paul Guilfoyle (Peter Conley)", "Len Cariou (Cardinal Law)", "Neal Huff (Phil Saviano)", "Michael Cyril Creighton (Joe Crowley)", "Laurie Heineman (Judge Sweeney)", "Tim Progosh (Principal Bill Kemeza)", "Elena Wohl (Barbara)", "Doug Murray (Peter Canellos)", "Sharon McFarlane (Helen Donovan)", "Jamey Sheridan (Jim Sullivan)", "Robert B. Kennedy (Court Clerk Mark)", "Duane Murray (Hansi Kalkofen)", "Brian Chamberlain (Paul Burke)", "Michael Countryman (Richard Gilman)", "Tim Whalen (Young Cop)", "Brad Borbridge (Sports Editor)", "Don Allison (Bishop)", "Patty Ross (Linda)", "Paloma Nu\u00f1ez (Garabedian's Receptionist)", "Robert Clarke (Judge Volterra)", "Gary Galone (Jack Dunn)", "David Fraser (Jon Albano)", "Paulette Sinclair (Receptionist at Judge's Chambers)", "Elena Juatco (Guest List Woman)", "Nancy Villone (Maryetta Dussourd)", "Wendy Merry (Female Editor)", "Siobhan Murphy (Intern)", "Eileen Padua (Sacha's Grandmother)", "Darrin Baker (Middle Age Priest at St. Peter's)", "Joe Stapleton (Older Cop)", "Jimmy LeBlanc (Patrick McSorley)", "Neion George (Waiter at Gala)", "Laurie Murdoch (Wilson Rogers)", "Zarrin Darnell-Martin (Intern Wanda)", "Krista Morin (Young Reporter)", "Paula Barrett (Jim's Wife)", "Mairtin O'Carrigan (Stewart)", "Rob de Leeuw (Herald Reporter Quimby)", "Nancy E. Carroll (Jane Paquin)", "Anthony Paolucci (Kevin)", "Michele Proude (Lisa Tuite)", "Richard O'Rourke (Ronald Paquin)", "Dennis Lynch (Clerk O'Brian)", "Stefanie Drummond (Sheila)", "Mark McGrinder (Weeping Man)", "Richard Fitzpatrick (Rectory Priest)", "Tom Driscoll (Disgruntled Man)", "Jeffrey Samai (Library Security)", "Moira Driscoll (Woman Interviewee)", "Forrest Weber (Angry Man)", "Doreen Spencer (Older Southie Woman)", "Janet Pinnick (Receptionist)", "Shannon McDonough (Receptionist)", "Shannon Ruth (Girl at Garabedian's)", "Daniel Ruth (Boy at Garabedian's)", "Jennifer Ruth (Mother at Garabedian's)", "Timothy Mooney (Bad Priest)", "Bruce-Robert Serafin (Boston Globe Security Guard)", "Donna Sue Jahier (Angry Man's Sister)", "Edward Brickley (Red Sox Announcer)", "Brett Cramp (Middle Aged Man)", "Richard Jenkins (Richard Sipe (voice) (uncredited))", "John Franchi (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Martin Roach (Cop in Coffee Shop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Uncovering the sins committed by whom the millions of people believe in.\r\n\r\nA documentary film would show the real faces of those offenders to shame them. That's the reason I desperately wanted it to be a documentary, then I would have definitely given a maximum mark. There's no complaint about this movie, but adaptation means fakes acting, fake settings and awards goes to non real achievers. Anyway, this movie kind looked a semi documentary and liked the way it was made.\r\n\r\nThe movie exposed a very important scandal. If something is open for a debate in the US means, the rest of the world would follow the same route. That's where this theme was inspired by. It all begins with a group of journalists from the Boston Globe with their new editor instruct them to research on sexual abuse of children by priests. So their lead only gets bigger and puts them to recover more evidence in order to publish. How they come up with the story that shake up not only the nation, but the entire world is the remaining.\r\n\r\nA collection of bunch fine performances. There's no lead actors in this. Everyone is in the supporting roles. Out of 6, it got nominated both male and female in the category of supporting role for the Academy Awards. I am very disappointed, Mark Ruffalo's performance in 'Infinitely Polar Bear' deserved another nominee. Anyway, this 15 year old story still looks a hot topic. It was a great comeback for the director after critics assaulted him with their words for his previous film 'The Cobbler' only to show their rage on Sandler. It is a must-must see. Beware, is is not your weekend entertainer, but based on the real.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Spotlight story is interesting and has a good cast which performs very well, but the feeling of the story is flat.\r\n\r\nFirst, they are talking about abuses to children but you feel almost the whole time that they are following the lead of any other story almost as bureaucrats. There is not much of sensitivity put into the matter.\r\n\r\nSecond, they are exposing a huge case of system \"missbehavior\" (to say the least) in the Catholic Church hierarchy and you see how the whole city of Boston is treating this institution with great care. Then, this movie is about showing to the world how the exposition was done and the treatment to the Catholic Church is almost as exquisite as the one that has enabled this institution to hide all this cases.\r\n\r\nFor gods sake! These people are criminals covering the crimes of even bigger criminals and it seems like we still cannot face them and tell them clearly and to their faces the horrible things they have tolerated and hidden."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This was a very shocking and well made film. It is about the scandal involving a cover-up of Catholic priests molesting children in the Boston area. I was surprised with the delicate nature of the film's script and how well it was handled. It had a very solid ensemble cast which helped make the film moving and horrific in parts.\r\n\r\nI am glad that a film like this won Best Picture at the Academy Awards as it had a very important message (even if I was rooting for 'The Revenant').\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605"}], "recommandations_id": [318846, 296098, 264644, 321697], "youtube_key": "cba3PJ3nY3E"}