{"tmdb_id": 314385, "title": "Vue sur mer", "original_title": "By the Sea", "slug_title": "vue-sur-mer", "date": "2015-11-12", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Vue sur mer se d\u00e9roule en France au milieu des ann\u00e9es 70. Voyageant \u00e0 travers le pays, Roland, un \u00e9crivain am\u00e9ricain, et sa femme Vanessa arrivent dans une petite ville c\u00f4ti\u00e8re. Le couple semble en crise. S'arr\u00eatant un temps, ils se rapprochent de L\u00e9a et Fran\u00e7ois, des jeunes mari\u00e9s en vacances, et de certains habitants, dont Michel et Patrice Entra\u00een\u00e9s dans les histoires de chacun, le mari et la femme vont \u00eatre amen\u00e9s \u00e0 faire face aux impasses de leur propre vie", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6FbztFQ25VDu4wfCrGhJL8wPD7i.jpg", "actors": ["Angelina Jolie (Vanessa)", "Brad Pitt (Roland)", "M\u00e9lanie Laurent (Lea)", "Melvil Poupaud (Fran\u00e7ois)", "Niels Arestrup (Michel)", "Richard Bohringer (Patrice)", "Sarah Naudi (Clarisse)", "Marika Green (Dress Shop Saleswoman)", "Aldo Buontempo (Fisherman)", "George Camilleri (Georges the Waiter)", "Philippe Martinet (Maitre D')", "Francis Xuereb (Hotel Receptionist)", "Malcolm Beethans (Older Couple)", "Kathleen Beethans (Older Couple)", "Bjorn Kubin (Fancy Couple at Caf\u00e9)", "Penny Dix (Fancy Couple at Caf\u00e9)", "Arcadia Vodka (Caf\u00e9 Cat)", "Indi Marceau Coppola (Child in Hotel)", "Anna Cachia (Dancer (uncredited))", "Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Dessains (Pascal (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A vacation, an inspiration for the writing and a complete makeover.**\r\n\r\nThe fourth directional venture for Angelina Jolie, she also wrote it and her real life husband, Brad Pitt starred the screenspace with her in the lead character. This is a tale of a struggling writer who goes to a French seaside resort for an inspiration to write a new material. He takes his wife along and in the peaceful environment, seems they're doing well, until a newly married couple arrive for their honeymoon in their next door. All the complication surface and the old secrets are revealed, so that's how the film sets up and ends.\r\n\r\nI don't know what's with Jolie lately, she's not doing many films as she was before. Maybe her parenting commitment took over her acting career. Good to see her back, but seeing this film and its story, I feel she's really suffering that I don't know what it is. Some day in the near future if someone makes a film about her, that will reveal this time of her life. Anyway, they both looked great on the screen, but very sad they are parting away.\r\n\r\nThis is not some awesome story with twist and turns, just a straightforward drama, mostly the midlife crises in a married life. So here the performances were top notch, other than that is the beautiful locations. It's a two hour long film, not everybody feel comfortable with that, because the pace was very slow and the story is not that interesting. Particularly this film is not for the youngsters, but that does not mean all the grown-up would enjoy it either. Only some people find it better and for me this is an okay film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [307946, 209271, 161529, 340243]}