{"tmdb_id": 314402, "title": "Dheepan", "original_title": "Dheepan", "slug_title": "dheepan", "date": "2015-08-26", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Fuyant la guerre civile au Sri Lanka, un ancien soldat, une jeune femme et une petite fille se font passer pour une famille. R\u00e9fugi\u00e9s en France dans une cit\u00e9 sensible, se connaissant \u00e0 peine, ils tentent de se construire un foyer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z7tU7ADJP3uSG3WndiEjQx3AguE.jpg", "actors": ["Jesuthasan Antonythasan (Dheepan)", "Kalieaswari Srinivasan (Yalini)", "Claudine Vinasithamby (Illayaal)", "Vincent Rottiers (Brahim)", "Faouzi Bensa\u00efdi (Monsieur Habib)", "Marc Zinga (Youssouf)", "Bass Dhem (Azziz)", "Franck Falise (Dealer)", "Jos\u00e9phine de Meaux (La directrice de l'\u00e9cole)", "Sandra Murugiah (The Saleswoman)", "Sandor Funtek (Gardien)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Far from the home, but the trouble's not over.**\r\n\r\nThe renowned French filmmaker, Jacques Audiard back with this new sensational film. This time he has chosen to tell us the story of a Sri Lankan Tamil Eelam freedom fighter who had fled to France after the war, followed by his struggles in the new place. The entire film was in Tamil language, but there some French dialogues too. I have been waiting for this, even after I got many opportunities, I had postponed them for some reasons. Finally, I'm very happy for not just got over it, but for the film that has powerful contents to give a peek into the immigrant's lifestyle, I mean not in a pleasant way.\r\n\r\nRight now it is a huge issue around the world to curb the immigration, especially the illegal ones. But some reasons are really heartbreaking, like in the film 'The Good Lie'. Usually the people like in this story are not welcomed, so they have to lay low and swallow all the troubles they bump into. Sometime the events reflect what happened back in the homeland. In a such way this tale takes place where a civil war fighter, Dheepan, from Lanka lands in France with his fake family of a wife and a daughter named Yalini and Ilayaal respectively.\r\n\r\nIn order to forget the past, he tries his best to start over a new life. Since he did not come wealth, he had to adapt whatever life offered to survive and to protect his family. Knowing living on the edge of the fire, they were left alone, but how long, because the fire flame always catches the vulnerable objects around it. So what comes later is the finale with a twist and to follow the end credits.\r\n\r\nI have seen many films about what this film was focused on, but this was somewhat different, mainly because of people from the culture of less known geographical area. I can understand Tamil, but I found hard to get this Sri Lankan Tamil lines. There were films about Sri Lankan refugees, those films like 'Nandha', 'Kannathil Muthamittal' are different kinds. Maybe this is the first western film to dig on Lankan Eelam topic, especially after the end of civil war and far away from the home. Though it does not take a side, except opening scene, the rest of the film is set in France.\r\n\r\n> \"Sometimes, they say things and laugh. I understand all the word, but they don't sound funny\"\r\n\r\nThey have got a simple storyline, but developed to its best. The progression becomes stronger, particularly when it reaches the final stage. I think the filmmakers did a good research, especially the cultural differences to highlight. That's the most of the film concentrated to only on the one perspective, but the threats what people like them face was also brought into the narration. Like caught between the two worlds and culture, and to defend themselves, to do what has to be done.\r\n\r\nVery realistic approach, but the question is do the things like this happen in real, especially in France? If you like Jacques Audiard films, then you should not miss it at all. These main actors are kind of new in front of the camera and they were amazing. Technically as well the film sounds good, but as I had heard, the filmmakers were hurried to finish it off when the Cannes Film Festival was around the corner. I think they have managed everything properly, and you would too appreciate the effort once you watch it.\r\n\r\nIt went to numerous film festivals and won some awards that includes Palme d'Or at Cannes. Kind of must see by the director's fans, even if you are not a fan, it is still worth a watch. Because you won't get another this or seen before. Even if you did, the cast wasn't the familiar one. That's the big difference here. The film has a message like, what one must be doing in his second chance of life. There are violences, feels strong, though the effects are raw, not the events or the scenes. Definitely not a masterpiece, but still I would recommend it for the adults.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [329712, 265228, 320006, 265189]}