{"tmdb_id": 315047, "title": "...and Life Goes On", "original_title": "... a \u017eivot jde d\u00e1l", "slug_title": "and-life-goes-on", "date": "1935-10-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "On the coast of Yugoslavia lives fisherman Ivo Kralj, his wife Marie, son Vuk, and Ivo's mother in one happy home. Marie, who loves her husband and always looks forward to his return from sea, attracts Nikola, with whom Ivo, out of jealousy, has a scuffle at a dance. After the outbreak of World War I Ivo is mobilized. He ends up in a P.O.W. camp where he is subjected to hard labour. His family then receives news of his death. The years pass and the lonely widow Marie is occasionally visited by her friend Nikola. Ivo's mother would like her to remarry. Soon after the wedding Marie becomes pregnant. Ivo, who has been thought dead, succeeds in escaping the P.O.W. camp where he has spent several years. Upon his arrival home he finds his name on a memorial erected to the victims of the war...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tjo3nQ09onNKpNNabT2fSoNp5Zc.jpg", "actors": ["Ladislav Herbert Struna (Ivo Kralj)", "Ita Rina (Marie)", "Zlata Dry\u00e1kov\u00e1 (Ivo's Mother)", "Zvonimir Rogoz (Nikola)", "Jaroslav Br\u00e1ska (Officer)", "F. X. Mlejnek (Innkeeper)", "Bohdan Lachman (Taverner)", "Miroslav Svoboda (Lunatic)", "Zdenek Gina Hassler (Non-commissioned Officer)", "Jaroslav Trzyna (Guard)", "Josef Bunzl (Policeman)", "Anton\u00edn Fri\u010d ()", "V\u011bkoslav Satoria (Sailor)", "Joca Popovi\u0107 (Sailor)", "Frank Rose-R\u016f\u017ei\u010dka (Naval Officer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}