{"tmdb_id": 315122, "title": "Kasut Ku Kusut", "original_title": "Kasut Ku Kusut", "slug_title": "kasut-ku-kusut", "date": "2014-12-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "the story of a young villager named Manap, who lately has been frustrated because his newly bought shoes went missing. At the same time, one of the members of the gangster group Father Dragon, called Markos, is responsible for taking Suzi to the gang leader. During the journey, they have gotten lost in a village and Suzi manages to escape from Markos. Suzi stumbles across Manap who is still searching for his missing shoes. When Markos finds Suzi with Manap, Manap realises that the shoes Markos is wearing bear a striking resemblance to his lost shoes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g1aVg6I5jHhgoaWNSQI2O6haOIi.jpg", "actors": ["Shaheizy Sam (Manaf)", "Pablo Amirul (Marcos)", "Along Eyzendy ()", "Kamarool Yusof ()", "Atikah Suhaime (Suzie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tun_nakiwa", "content": "The Good, the Bad and the Comedy \r\n\r\nPierre Andre often searches for something different in each of the film he directs; this time around he presents a film just as remarkable as his previous ones. The storyline for \"Kasut Ku Kusut\" is easy for the audience's minds to digest. However, the often used word \"Bapok\" might not sit well with most audience. The characters that shine most in the film is no doubt the ones played by Shaheizy Sam and Along Eyzendy. The comedic characters that they play: Village youngsters, who speak with a heavy Perak accent, will no doubt tickle the audience's funny bones. The character played by Kamarool Haji Yusoff is just as impressive as he is seldom seen taking on a comedic part. The film about a 'messy' shoe affair turns messier with the chase scene - all because of a misunderstanding over a pair of stolen shoes.\r\n\r\nCredit http://www.cinema.com.my/movies/details.aspx?search=2014.10038.kasutkukusut.19509"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "2j33GZ6mL1U"}