{"tmdb_id": 31516, "title": "Un jour \u00e0 New-York", "original_title": "On the Town", "slug_title": "un-jour-a-new-york", "date": "1949-12-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique / Romance"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Trois marins de la Navy, Gabey, Chip et Ozzie, d\u00e9barquent \u00e0 New York pour une journ\u00e9e de permission. Ils ont 24 heures pour profiter de la ville et comptent bien les mettre \u00e0 profit pour faire des rencontres. Ils font d'abord la connaissance d'une conductrice de taxi, Brunhilde Esterhazy et de Claire Huddesen, \u00e9tudiante en histoire. Gabey, qui a bri\u00e8vement rencontr\u00e9 Ivy Smith, la \u00ab Miss M\u00e9tro \u00bb du mois, et en est tomb\u00e9 amoureux, entra\u00eene ses deux comp\u00e8res et les deux jeunes femmes dans une course effr\u00e9n\u00e9e \u00e0 travers la ville afin de la retrouver.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1nzJskheUXOZYmfVkbqFgbChH0e.jpg", "actors": ["Gene Kelly (Gabey)", "Frank Sinatra (Chip)", "Betty Garrett (Brunhilde Esterhazy)", "Ann Miller (Claire Huddesen)", "Jules Munshin (Ozzie)", "Vera-Ellen (Ivy Smith)", "Florence Bates (Mme. Dilyovska)", "Alice Pearce (Lucy Schmeeler)", "George Meader (Professor)", "Hans Conried (Francois - Head Waiter (uncredited))", "Judy Holliday (Daisy - Simpkins' MGM Date (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Wonderful town gets a wonderful movie.\r\n\r\nAs would be tradition, the story at the core of On the Town isn't anything to sing from the roof tops, but it plays out as one of MGM's most memorable slices of froth. Propelled by talented stars and singers, it's a musical of comedic delights. \r\n\r\nAdapted from the successful stage production, charges of being dated and that not all the songs are great, is correct. The dated thing is not always a viable debating tool, but certain stereotype and sexist elements here will ring a little hollow with some folk. \r\n\r\nYet if you can just run with it and accept the era of film making it comes from, then this is mostly a joyous and uplifting picture. So roll with the boys and girls, with the wonderful dances and the wonderful singing, for New York New York, A Wonderful Town. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [17889, 2769, 17281, 29376], "youtube_key": "x7CIgWZTdgw"}