{"tmdb_id": 315575, "title": "Trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse", "original_title": "Trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse", "slug_title": "trois-souvenirs-de-ma-jeunesse", "date": "2015-05-20", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Paul D\u00e9dalus va quitter le Tadjikistan. Il se souvient...  De son enfance \u00e0 Roubaix... Des crises de folie de sa m\u00e8re... Du lien qui l'unissait \u00e0 son fr\u00e8re Ivan, enfant pieux et violent...  Il se souvient...  De ses seize ans... De son p\u00e8re, veuf inconsolable... De ce voyage en URSS o\u00f9 une mission clandestine l'avait conduit \u00e0 offrir sa propre identit\u00e9 \u00e0 un jeune homme russe...  Il se souvient de ses dix-neuf ans, de sa s\u0153ur Delphine, de son cousin Bob, des soir\u00e9es d'alors avec P\u00e9n\u00e9lope, Mehdi et Kovalki, l'ami qui devait le trahir...  De ses \u00e9tudes \u00e0 Paris, de sa rencontre avec le docteur Behanzin, de sa vocation naissante pour l'anthropologie...  Et surtout, Paul se souvient d'Esther. Elle fut le c\u0153ur de sa vie.  Doucement, \u00ab un c\u0153ur fanatique \u00bb.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kVkZsukkl3HkbVVwGtRn6xYTZxl.jpg", "actors": ["Mathieu Amalric (Paul D\u00e9dalus (adult))", "Lou Roy-Lecollinet (Esther)", "Quentin Dolmaire (Paul D\u00e9dalus (adolescent))", "L\u00e9onard Matton (William)", "Dinara Drukarova (Irina)", "C\u00e9cile Garcia-Fogel (Jeanne D\u00e9dalus, la m\u00e8re)", "Fran\u00e7oise Lebrun (Rose)", "Irina Vavilova (Mme Sidorov)", "Olivier Rabourdin (Abel D\u00e9dalus, le p\u00e8re)", "Elyot Milshtein (Marc Zylberberg)", "Pierre Andrau (Kovalki)", "Lily Ta\u00efeb (Delphine D\u00e9dalus)", "Rapha\u00ebl Cohen (Ivan D\u00e9dalus)", "Kheifets Gregory (Nathan)", "Cl\u00e9mence Le Gall (P\u00e9n\u00e9lope)", "Th\u00e9o Fernandez (Bob)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Being young, having a beautiful girlfriend and other things that had done!**\r\n\r\nThey say its a prequel to the 1996 film 'My Sex Life' that I haven't seen, but this looked good and its not. I'm not sure how much one has to be familiar with the original film, though it does not matter much I think since it is a prequel. Because everything starts here and follows there. So I saw it, and I wanted to like it, but not fully impressed. The story was told in chapters. The opening was like some kind of a spy thriller, but soon when the episode 'Esther' begins, it turned into a romance drama.\r\n\r\nA man who has been investigated when another person with the same identity was found. So he reveals his school day's events, followed by his first girlfriend and complication surrounding it he had faced. That, how he had won her over the older boys and about his close friend, till leaving them behind to work in the central Asia. Mostly it is a love story with some twists in the affair, but how it all ends still remains mystery even after the narration ended.\r\n\r\nThe issue is it is not detailing anything, just reveals events of a youngster's romance life. Particularly the end was not good. So I think that's why I need to see the first film, resuming the narration could continue from where this one concluded. I leave (_b_l_a_n_k__s_p_a_c_e_) till I saw that and update this review, if I change my stance over this one. Even if I didn't like, still I would update it.\r\n\r\nMeanwhile back to the review; it is like a French version of 'Flashbacks of a Fool'. Technically, there's no fault in this, only the screenplay did not convince me. The actors were so good, no doubt its a well made film that some people would enjoy it and I hope you are one of those.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [268297, 79781, 157824, 8892]}