{"tmdb_id": 315664, "title": "Florence Foster Jenkins", "original_title": "Florence Foster Jenkins", "slug_title": "florence-foster-jenkins", "date": "2016-05-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "L\u2019histoire vraie de Florence Foster Jenkins, h\u00e9riti\u00e8re new-yorkaise et c\u00e9l\u00e8bre mondaine, qui n\u2019a jamais renonc\u00e9 \u00e0 son r\u00eave de devenir une grande cantatrice d\u2019op\u00e9ra. Si elle \u00e9tait convaincue d\u2019avoir une tr\u00e8s belle voix, tout son entourage la trouvait aussi atroce que risible. Son \u00ab\u00a0mari\u00a0\u00bb et impr\u00e9sario, St Clair Bayfield, com\u00e9dien anglais aristocratique, tenait co\u00fbte que co\u00fbte \u00e0 ce que sa Florence bien-aim\u00e9e n\u2019apprenne pas la v\u00e9rit\u00e9. Mais lorsque Florence d\u00e9cide de se produire en public \u00e0 Carnegie Hall en 1944, St Clair comprend qu\u2019il s\u2019appr\u00eate \u00e0 relever le plus grand d\u00e9fi de sa vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aBjQeNw7JBpXWGFaPYcGNlecRyr.jpg", "actors": ["Meryl Streep (Florence Foster Jenkins)", "Hugh Grant (St. Clair Bayfield)", "Simon Helberg (Cosme McMoon)", "Rebecca Ferguson (Kathleen Weatherley)", "Nina Arianda (Agnes Stark)", "Stanley Townsend (Phineas Stark)", "David Haig (Carlo Edwards)", "Br\u00edd Brennan (Kitty)", "Christian McKay (Earl Wilson)", "John Sessions (Doctor)", "Elliot Levey (Edgar Booth Cunningham Jr)", "John Kavanagh (Arturo Toscanini)", "Allan Corduner (John Totten)", "Maggie Steed (Mrs. James O'Flaherty)", "Paola Dionisotti (Baroness Le Feyre)", "Thelma Barlow (Mrs Oscar Garmunder)", "Pat Starr (Mrs Vanderbilt)", "Liza Ross (Mrs EE Patterson)", "David Mills (Augustus Corbin)", "Josh O'Connor (Donaghy)", "Rhoda Lewis (Mrs Patsy Snow)", "Mark Arnold (Cole Porter)", "Nat Luurtsema (Tallulah Bankhead)", "Ewan Stewart (Colonel)", "Carl Davis (Orlando Adams)", "David Menkin (Carlton Smith)", "Sid Phoenix (Cpl. Jones)", "Tunji Kasim (Pvt. Smith)", "Cameron Cuffe (Gino)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Nothing is greater than to have a supportive life partner by side.**\r\n\r\nI follow closely what films are announced and what are getting released. Sometimes its common that some films comes out without my knowledge, particularly non-Hollywood English language films. This British film was about a wealthy couple from the New York, especially the husband who tries his best to fulfill his seriously ill wife's dream to be an opera singer. The problem is she's not any good. Not just him, but everybody who is close to them and once laughed at her, try to understand them and give their support. But not all the occasion seems to remain the same. So on one such a big event, the disaster strikes and how it affects the couple is the rest of the tale to disclose.\r\n\r\nA very surprising film. I thought it was just a comedy like it brings small smiles on our face, but I laughed out loud on many occasions. This is definitely a right time, because I felt like it was a music and cinematic version of the American presidential candidate Don Trump. Yep, there not much difference, but still this film is some way inspiring, not Trump. It says you must never give up on your dream. As much as you laugh watching it, as much you realise how hard chasing a dream to be if one is very passionate about something, but does not have the talent to reach the height. The message is very similar to the film 'Eddie the Eagle'. Do you think everybody got talent in the world, so I believe you should watch this and you will know why I'm telling you to watch it.\r\n\r\nWhen I read about the film's storyline, I thought it was so silly. But when I learnt it is a biographical film, that interested me to have a look at it. It is truly an unbelievable film, in a sense of humour and overall a good way. The couple was rich, so they could do anything they want just like what Donald Trump believes. But both the things are not the same, especially this one is more about the real life struggle against the odds. In some parts, it gets more emotional and I loved that final line said by the wife. It's always, the participation that counts, not how you fared it.\r\n\r\nOh my god, another Oscars nominee is almost certain for the record holder Meryl Streep. Hugh Grant was equally amazing and this is one of the best of him I have seen, particularly in the recent times. One of the best main roles for Simon Helberg, he was not next best after the Streep and Grant. I still feel this film is underrated. The director of 'Phenomena' was very good at handling the stuff for the film to get its best shape. I think this is one of this year's must see film and surely recommend it to all.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [376866, 167073, 275601, 71688], "youtube_key": "9rRVCNffvKk"}