{"tmdb_id": 31583, "title": "Kill me again", "original_title": "Kill Me Again", "slug_title": "kill-me-again", "date": "1989-10-27", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Jack Andrews, priv\u00e9 en pleine d\u00e9prime, est contact\u00e9 par Fay Forrester, jeune femme gangster, qui vient de se d\u00e9barrasser de son complice en emportant le magot. Apr\u00e8s avoir racont\u00e9 une histoire \u00e0 faire pleurer l'homme le plus dur, elle demande \u00e0 Jack de la faire dispara\u00eetre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y9BYmlKVVlSpUZtCYaeT5LgguXG.jpg", "actors": ["Val Kilmer (Jack Andrews)", "Joanne Whalley (Fay Forrester)", "Michael Madsen (Vince A. Miller)", "Nick Dimitri (Marty)", "Pat Mulligan (Sammy)", "Robert Schuch (Collection Agent #1)", "Duane Tucker (Collection Agent #2)", "Molly Flanegin (Gossipy Motel Clerk)", "Dominic Dinino (Rest Stop Little Boy)", "Daniel Dorse (Rest Stop Father)", "Michael Greene (Lt. Hendrix)", "Lee Wilkof (Big Jim)", "Joseph Carberry (Jonesy)", "Roy Kieffer (Hilton Desk Clerk)", "Michael Sharrett (Tim the Motel Clerk)", "Jon Gries (Alan Swayzie)", "Jim Boeke (Javonovitch)", "Bibi Besch (Terry)", "Debbie Lynn Ross (Kathy Andrews)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The first of John Dahl's neo-noir forrays.\r\n\r\nKill Me Again is directed by John Dahl and Dahl co-writes the screenplay with David W. Warfield. It stars Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Michael Madsen, Pat Mulligan and Nick Dimitri. Music is by William Olvis and cinematography by Jacques Steyn.\r\n\r\nDetective Jack Andrews (Kilmer) becomes involved with a beautiful woman on the run from the mob and her psychopath boyfriend.\r\n\r\nJohn Dahl loves film noir, we know that now after all these years. He would direct the superb Red Rock West and The Last Seduction, two bona fide greats from the neo-noir splinter of film making. Kill Me Again (classic film noir title right there) is his fist directorial feature film venture, it is like a lot of debuts from directors who have a kink for a certain genre or style of film making, in that it only hints at better things to come.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, in spite of being solid enough within the noir parameters, it's all a bit too derivative for its own good. Standard noir tropes are adhered to, male protag led into the murk by a femme fatale, a bruising psycho, some twists and turns, and some stylistics via camera and photographic lenses. Plot relies on the salty machinations of Whalley's femme for its intrigue, and for the most part her character is the dominating factor, but later on the film sort of bypasses her character and it begins to sag as Kilmer's weary P.I. plods  onwards.\r\n\r\nFans of the actors do have interest value (though Kilmer is a little miscast and a world away from great neo-noir films he would later do; Heat, The Salton Sea, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang), but really the performances are neither good or bad - though Madsen holds court every scene he is in. Although the screenplay and script are merely serviceable as pot boilers, there's just enough here to keep you watching till the culmination of proceedings.\r\n\r\nFans of noir can grab enough from the pic to warrant time investment, but it doesn't linger long afterwards. While casual film fans are warned to use this only as a time filling exercise. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [50116, 49822, 2045, 32035], "youtube_key": "4w15dcexYvw"}