{"tmdb_id": 31597, "title": "Le seul t\u00e9moin", "original_title": "Narrow Margin", "slug_title": "le-seul-temoin", "date": "1990-09-21", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Pour se changer les id\u00e9es apr\u00e8s son divorce, l'\u00e9ditrice Carol Hunnicut accepte un rendez-vous avec l'avocat Michael Tarlow. Pendant qu'elle se refait une beaut\u00e9 dans la salle de bains, Tarlow re\u00e7oit un de ses clients, le gangster Leo Watts, \u00e0 qui il a d\u00e9rob\u00e9 une forte somme d'argent. A peine Tarlow a-t-il avou\u00e9 sa faute et plaid\u00e9 la cl\u00e9mence, que Watts le fait abattre par Jack Wooten, son garde du corps. Affol\u00e9e, Carol, qui a tout vu, part se cacher au fin fond des Montagnes Rocheuses. Robert Caulfield, l'assistant du District Attorney, s'empare de l'affaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nclsJFrYpNRxnDpt3VIZQt41oNW.jpg", "actors": ["Gene Hackman (Robert Caulfield)", "Anne Archer (Carol Hunnicut)", "James Sikking (Nelson)", "J.T. Walsh (Michael Tarlow)", "M. Emmet Walsh (Sergeant Dominick Benti)", "Susan Hogan (Kathryn Weller)", "Nigel Bennett (Jack Wootton)", "J.A. Preston (Martin Larner)", "B.A. 'Smitty' Smith (Keller)", "Codie Lucas Wilbee (Nicholas)", "Barbara Russell (Nicholas' Mother)", "Antony Holland (Elderly Man)", "Doreen Ramos (Elderly Woman)", "Kevin McNulty (James Dahlbeck)", "Andrew Rhodes (Nigro)", "Lon Katzman (Loughlin)", "Dana Still (Bellman With Message)", "Lesley Ewen (Larner's Secretary)", "Barney O'Sullivan (Ticket Agent)", "Natino Bellantoni (Bartender)", "Ted Stidder (Conductor #1)", "Lindsay Bourne (Club Car Waiter)", "Robert Rozen (Dining Car Waiter)", "Tom McBeath (Conductor #2)", "Ron Cummins (Hotel Valet)", "Harris Yulin (Leo Watts)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Narrow Margins and Wide Loads.\r\n\r\nDirector and writer Peter Hyams took the bold decision to reimage one of the best film noir crime pictures of the 1950s, and all things considered it\u2019s not half bad. Without getting close to the greatness of Richard Fleischer\u2019s 1952 claustrophobic suspenser that is.\r\n\r\nHaving Gene Hackman and Anne Archer heading up your two principal characters is a good foundation. As the district attorney employee and witness to a mob killing respectively, both actors come up trumps for their director as they are thrust into a game of cat and mouse aboard a speeding train. As the Canadian wilderness outside the train\u2019s windows soothes the eyes, the cramped interiors make for good suspense as Hackman plays the calm to Archer\u2019s panic.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s nothing new here in terms of thriller conventions, and the pitfalls and familiarity of the plot\u2019s ideas keep it from hitting better heights: people still do dumb things \u2013 important details are all too quickly swept aside \u2013 laws of gravity non existent and etc. But refreshingly Hyams resists the chance to insert a cloying romance, while his staging of suspense scenes are very well handled. But of course he\u2019s got Hackman being as cool as a cucumber. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [49792, 36288, 19380, 20307]}