{"tmdb_id": 316023, "title": "Hors contr\u00f4le", "original_title": "Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates", "slug_title": "hors-controle", "date": "2016-07-07", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dave et Mike, fr\u00e8res et rois de la f\u00eate, sont mis sous pression par leur entourage qui leur r\u00e9clame de se ranger. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 une annonce en ligne, ils trouvent deux femmes parfaites pour les accompagner au mariage de leur s\u0153ur \u00e0 Hawa\u00ef, mais les deux gar\u00e7ons se retrouvent compl\u00e8tement d\u00e9pass\u00e9s par ce duo qui s\u2019av\u00e8re en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 encore plus incontr\u00f4lable qu\u2019eux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mfo9gNCH7wQkBjUTjQg0hvXm1YI.jpg", "actors": ["Zac Efron (Dave Stangle)", "Adam Devine (Mike Stangle)", "Anna Kendrick (Alice)", "Aubrey Plaza (Tatiana)", "Sam Richardson (Eric)", "Stephen Root (Burt)", "Sugar Lyn Beard (Jeanie Stangle)", "Branscombe Richmond (Kalani - BBQ Chef)", "Marc Maron (Randy)", "Jake Johnson (Ronnie)", "Kumail Nanjiani (Keanu)", "Eugene Cordero (Kai - Hotel Manager)", "Mary Holland (Becky)", "Nicole Byer (Office Nicole)", "Stephanie Allynne (Office Stephanie)", "Chloe Bridges (Apartment Chloe)", "Stephanie Faracy (Rosie)", "Alice Wetterlund (Cousin Terry)", "Lavell Crawford (Keith)", "Erik Griffin (Driver)", "Jake Szymanski (Stable Guy)", "Wendy Williams (Wendy Williams)", "Kyle Smigielski (Luke)", "Andrea Miceli (Twin Sister #1)", "Nancy Miceli (Twin Sister #2)", "Christina Souza (Call Girl)", "Olga Kalashnikova (Russian Call Girl)", "Ashley Hobbs (White Supremacist Girl)", "Julia Fae (Grungy Girl #1)", "Andrea Russett (Grungy Girl #2)", "Danielle Zalopany (Militant Girl #1)", "Tabitha Humphrey (Militant Girl #2)", "Bob Turton (Bob / Lauralie)", "Jennie Pierson (Office Jennie)", "Hilty Bowen (Caf\u00e9 Hilty)", "Tanisha Long (Caf\u00e9 Tanisha)", "Cass Bugg\u00e9 (Apartment Cass)", "Ayden Mayeri (Apartment Ayden)", "Liberte Chan (Local Newscaster)", "Sandra Davis (Sandra)", "Jessika Van (Jessika the Girl in Street)", "Don Pomes (Grandpa Stangle)", "Sally Jackson (Grandma Stangle)", "Rory Hart (Frat Dude)", "Katherine Klosterman (Anniversary Montage Girl)", "Michael C. Price (Father Mike)", "Paula Fuga (Reception Singer)", "John Cruz (Rough Rider Singer)", "Henry Kapono Ka'aihue (Rough Rider Singer)", "Brother Noland (Rough Rider Singer)", "Kimee Balmilero (Weird Girl #1 (uncredited))", "Sharon M. Bell (Maseuse (uncredited))", "Alexia Rae Castillo (Beautiful Woman (uncredited))", "Gina Evangelisti (Dave's Girl (uncredited))", "Margo Kazaryan (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Julia Levanne (Jasmine (uncredited))", "Katarina Pavelek (Office Employee (uncredited))", "Jasmin Haugstuen Please (Weird Girl 2 (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Director Jake Szymanski\u2019s fictitious siblings Mike and Dave need more than wedding dates in this baseless and brainless raunchy comedy. For starters, it needs to wipe off its monotonous mediocrity as a lame laugher laced with empty-headed vulgarity and cheap chuckles straining for manufactured amusement. The genre regarding raunchy comedies had always had that miss-or-hit gamble about its cockeyed presentation. For the tedious and tepid **Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates** it is safe to say that it will not be on the Mount Rushmore of classic naughty farces in the tradition of _Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Porky\u2019s_ or the _American Pie_ film franchise anytime soon. \r\n\r\nBanally sluggish and lazily crass, **Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates** tries desperately to register its juvenile high-wire impishness as inspired lunacy but the profane randomness of Szymanski\u2019s (along with screenwriters Andrew Jay Coleman and Brendan O\u2019Brien) jiggle-and-giggle romp is about as riotous and inspired as a drippy diaper. Thankfully **Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates** does not entirely sink to the forgettable levels yet of say the earlier released fetid raunchfest Dirty Grandpa (although both films features principal players Zac Efron and Aubrey Plaza in the cast) but that still is not saying much for its feeble defense.\r\n\r\nThe problem with most modern youth-oriented sex farces is that ready-made mentality of delivering shock value debauchery that have no sense of coherence or irreverent purpose to support the so-called funny, bouncy rhythms of the movie is sloppily realized. Instead, filmmakers focus on promoting outrageous and recycled ribaldry without arming the unconventional story with something more serviceable and solid. Essentially Szymanski tosses the stilted zaniness against the wall hoping that anything sticks as proposed hilarity.\r\n\r\nThe Stangle Brothers in Mike (Adam Devine) and Dave (Zac Efron) is a couple of mischievous misfits that attract mayhem whenever possible. They revel in the sordid good times and are proven to be a handful for their exasperated parents Burt and Rosie (Stephen Root and Stephanie Faracy). The only ray of hope concerning Burt\u2019s and Rosie\u2019s success regarding offspring comes in the package of daughter Jeannie (Sugar Lyn Beard). Jeannie is preparing for her upcoming wedding and appears to have something concrete going on in her life more so than her \u201cparty-hearty\u201d bone-headed brothers.  \r\n\r\nAnyhow, Mike and Dave are subjected to the ultimatum set by their frustrated parents to \u201cstraighten up\u201d and grab some semblance of maturity. The source for getting this dim-witted duo to shape up involves their baby sister\u2019s Hawaiian-based wedding. If Mike and Dave were to attend Jeannie\u2019s exotic ceremony they must grab respectable dates otherwise reject the notion of becoming part of their sister\u2019s life-changing, special occasion. One of the puzzling aspects of this toothless plot is to ponder why these sibling screw-ups would seriously care to change their wayward ways by a parental threat of not showing up at their precious sister\u2019s island-based nuptials? Oh please\u2026\r\n\r\nIn any event, Mike and Dave get busy trying to fish for formidable escorts but this proves futile until an Internet ad seeking \u201cnice girls\u201d for a Hawaiian getaway draws considerable attention as loads of women take notice.  As the many female applicants react to Mike\u2019s and Dave\u2019s sensational date to the scenic 50th state for some gorgeous sun and fun there are two tarts in particular that pop out of nowhere in Alice and Tatiana (Anna Kendrick  from \u201cPitch Perfect\u201d and Aubrey Plaza from the aforementioned \u201cDirty Grandpa\u201d).\r\n\r\nAlthough they are stimulating as eye-candy for the brothers to drag to Hawaii both Alice and Tatiana fail the required prerequisite as being goodie two-shoes companions for Mike and Dave. In fact, Alice and Tatiana are quite the opposite but must hide their true nature as bombastic bimbos with acid tongues if they are to take advantage of the golden opportunity to travel to picturesque Hawaii. Predictably, the devious dates fall into their genuine selves as rambunctious chicks\u2026something that Mike and Dave must deal with concerning this clumsy deception by the riff raffish Alice and Tatiana.\r\n\r\nNo doubt that **Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates** intended to be some throwaway chuckle-minded showcase searching for its titillating temperature of off-kilter jocularity. Sadly, this moronic movie is reduced to going through the run-of-the-mill tactics of broad jokes falling flat, lightweight sight gags, silly-minded pratfalls and attractive profanity-spewing undesirables that are somehow supposed to tickle our collective, indiscriminate funnybones. Consequently, everything in this callous concoction of a comedy feels relentlessly artificial, overwrought and forced. \r\n\r\nSure, the off-the-wall characterizations in the main foursome of the Stangle sibs and their tag-along traveling trophies are expected to be a fine hot-mess. Nevertheless, the whole production unintentionally strives to be that same hot-mess but for totally different reasons. Efron, a veteran of a string of painful cockeyed comedies that some of his most ardent female fans might have trouble recalling, channels his familiar wild pretty boy persona from Neighbors\u2026one of the very few flicks worth mentioning on Efron\u2019s flaccid filmography. Devine\u2019s Mike comes off as achingly overbearing as the brother with the showy awkwardness to match the synthetic obnoxiousness.  Kendrick\u2019s Alice does not seem remotely convincing as the phony \u201cdecent date for hire\u201d. At least Plaza\u2019s Tatiana shows some modicum of plausibility as the bad girl grounded in rawness.\r\n\r\nIt is unfortunate that **Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates** could not have added anything fresh or subversive to the trivial table with the noxious material and other regurgitated clich\u00e9s that bombard these notoriously flimsy R-rated spectacles with a pseudo-provocative pulse. It is safe to say that watching the eye-rolling shenanigans of Mike and Dave Spangle on the big screen is enough to call this whole exhausting affair beyond a dating disaster.\r\n\r\n**Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates (2016)**\r\n\r\n20th Century Fox\r\n\r\n1 hr. 38 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Zac Efron, Adam Devine, Anna Kendrick, Aubrey Plaza,Stephen Root, Stephanie Faracy, Sugar Lyn Beard \r\n\r\nDirected by: Jake Szymanski\r\n\r\nMPPA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Comedy\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: * \u00bd stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\nFrank Ochieng \u00a9 2016"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Sorry Mike and Dave, it's an Alice and Tatiana's free vacay.**\r\n\r\nI should be honest that I had some good laughs, but not the overall film was impressive. For me it was a chick film, and Anna Kedrick and Aubrey Plaza are the lead actors. I really loved their parts and that's the reason I had no issue watching it, but like usual Zac Efron ruined it. I won't blame him completely, but he and Adam Devine's roles did not deliver as what the title expresses. I mean they get their wedding date, but the title should have been 'Alice and Tatiana Goes for a Free Vacay' or something like that.\r\n\r\nIt was like a 'Brideamaid' kind of film, but there are too many adult jokes. The story was sort of based on the real, and that's just a joke to begin the narration. The advertisement was real, but the remaining story was fictional. From there, how the plot developed was totally makes no sense, but it does not matter because it is a comedy. Especially the initial parts, but later on, it gets better, only the comedy wise. In some way it was not bad, and not good either to recommend to others. So it is nothing more than a decent timepass film, but some people might find it most annoying.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [325133, 376659, 291870, 259694]}