{"tmdb_id": 316021, "title": "Frank & Lola", "original_title": "Frank & Lola", "slug_title": "frank-lola", "date": "2016-12-09", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Frank, un chef cuisinier, essaye de s'en sortir tant bien que mal \u00e0 Las Vegas. Un soir de Halloween, il rencontre Lola, une jeune femme qui vient d'arriver en ville avec l'espoir de devenir cr\u00e9atrice de mode. Malgr\u00e9 leur grande diff\u00e9rence d'\u00e2ge, l'amour est au rendez-vous, jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 Frank d\u00e9couvre les liaisons troubles de Lola avec d'autres hommes, notamment un riche entrepreneur au charme certain et un myst\u00e9rieux auteur su\u00e9dois vivant \u00e0 Paris. Obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par sa jalousie, Frank d\u00e9cide de se rendre \u00e0 Paris...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9ZdlnjePpUhxRWz69KjqhIe7H5U.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Shannon (Frank Reilly)", "Imogen Poots (Lola)", "Rosanna Arquette (Patricia)", "Michael Nyqvist (Alan)", "Justin Long (Keith)", "Emmanuelle Devos (Claire)", "Alex Lombard (Carol)", "Amy Lawhorn (Rachel)", "Joel Virgel (Hercule)", "Laine Rettmer (Fran\u00e7oise)", "Maynor Alvarado (Luis)", "Carlos Moreno Jr. (Javier)", "Sophie Meister (Isobel)", "David Atrakchi (Charles)", "Stella Schnabel (Hazel)", "Suteara Vaughn (Sage)", "Elisha Yaffe (Will)", "Patrick Rocca (Henri Ricard)", "Narcisse Mame (Khalil)", "Jerica Barnes (Keith's Pretty Dinner Date)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Full of mysteries, twist and turns!**\r\n\r\nThis was Michael Shannon's show as Frank, but the plot developed mysteries surrounded by character Lola that played by Imogen Poots. Basically the entire film is about these two and after the halfway mark, another character joins them to add more suspense. Well, it was the story of a decently succeeded chef and his new girlfriend. Their relationship strengthens in a short period of time. They think they know each other enough, but one day a new secret revealed from Lola's past. That's the beginning of everything in this film, following many turns in the narration, the story reaches its end.\r\n\r\nThe major issue was too much suspense. The writing should have been simplified. So not everybody easily understands the film or the purposes of film scenes/events. But it is more revenge based than psychological thriller-drama. That does not mean you can rule out everything else possibilities. Lola is the key and till the final scene she frequently diverts the story developments to give a new perspective on where the film is heading. So definitely not predictable film, particularly not the conclusion. This is exclusively for neo-noir fans. But for others it is one time watchable film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [172539, 471155, 499802, 346638], "youtube_key": "B0FaxsOAyQg"}