{"tmdb_id": 316152, "title": "Free State of Jones", "original_title": "Free State of Jones", "slug_title": "free-state-of-jones", "date": "2016-06-24", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En pleine guerre de S\u00e9cession, Newton Knight, courageux fermier du Mississippi, prend la t\u00eate d\u2019un groupe de modestes paysans blancs et d'esclaves en fuite pour se battre contre les \u00c9tats conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9s. Formant un r\u00e9giment de rebelles indomptables, Knight et ses hommes ont l'avantage strat\u00e9gique de conna\u00eetre le terrain, m\u00eame si leurs ennemis sont bien plus nombreux et beaucoup mieux arm\u00e9s\u2026 R\u00e9solument engag\u00e9 contre l'injustice et l'exploitation humaine, l'intr\u00e9pide fermier fonde le premier \u00c9tat d'hommes libres o\u00f9 Noirs et Blancs sont \u00e0 \u00e9galit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tQcwB5nXpN4vH5ewP79tyXJcA1I.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Newton Knight)", "Gugu Mbatha-Raw (Rachel)", "Mahershala Ali (Moses Washington)", "Keri Russell (Serena Knight)", "Jacob Lofland (Daniel)", "Sean Bridgers (Sumrall)", "Brad Carter (Lieutenant Barbour)", "Jane McNeill (Miss Ellie)", "Gary Grubbs (Prosecuting Attorney)", "Christopher Berry (Jasper)", "Joe Chrest (Amos Deason)", "David Jensen (Quitman)", "Kurt Krause (Injured Soldier)", "Carlton Caudle (Confederate Color Guard)", "Martin Bats Bradford (Freedman 1)", "Matthew Lintz (Matthew Yates)", "Kerry Cahill (Mary)", "Jessica Collins (Annie)", "Juan Gaspard (Confederate Soldier)", "Liza J. Bennett (Junie Lee)", "David Maldonado (Polling Station Clerk)", "Serenity Neil (Schoolgirl)", "Lawrence Turner (Chester)", "Lara Grice (Mrs. Deason)", "Wayne P\u00e9re (Col. Robert Lowry)", "Jim Klock (Farmer 1)", "Emily Bossak (Town Folk)", "P.J. Marshall (Sergeant)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Third Man)", "Mattie Liptak (Stillman Coleman)", "Jill Jane Clements (Aunt Sally)", "Thomas Francis Murphy (Col. McLemore)", "Johnny McPhail (Old Man)", "Bill Tangradi (Lt. Barbour)", "William Mark McCullough (First Man)", "Sam Malone (Edward James - Cotton Field Worker)", "Kylen Davis (Boy at Alice Hotel)", "Will Beinbrink (Farmer 2)", "Troy Hogan (George)", "Cy Parks (Confederate Soldier)", "Dane Rhodes (Ward)", "Lucy Faust (Second Woman / Yeoman Farmer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A country that existed for a brief time in the history of American.**\r\n\r\nOnce again, it proves that the critics are so dumb. In this people to people and people to filmmakers contact era, no one listens to them. Let them do their own sideshow. This was partially based on the real events that takes place in the following years of 1862. When America was fighting a civil war, a man named Newton Knight returned home from the battlefield where he started to help the farmers who were robbed by the armymen. Its like they are fighting their own war, to protect the land and the crops. They knew the consequence and so they were prepared for it.\r\n\r\nThis is over a two hour long film and I think they had covered everything nicely. At some stage it looked like the Daniel Craig's 'Defiance'. But it reveals many events like changing time and the atmosphere, how they adapted to it along to move on. In the opening scene only they had shown us the war, but very soon it moved away to tell what's happening off the battlefield. Like how it's affecting the people. So the resistance emerges and the days going by they gain large power in the region. Very interesting perspective, though everything in the film was not true despite overall plot was inspired by the history.\r\n\r\nMatthew McConaughey alone steered the ship. You will like his performance. The locations were good, but most of them were either farmland or swamp. There's a little event that follows the 80 years later, just to disclose some court law debate over interracial marriage. Not a must see film, maybe if you are an American, then it might be, but other than that its a good watch. I hope the people would realise that and watch it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [309886, 302156, 325789, 334524], "youtube_key": "3EMkxEKKSQI"}