{"tmdb_id": 31655, "title": "Le Ch\u00e2teau de la Terreur", "original_title": "The Terror", "slug_title": "le-chateau-de-la-terreur", "date": "1963-06-17", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Lors de la retraite de Russie, Andr\u00e9 Duvalier, jeune lieutenant, est secouru par une fort belle jeune femme sur les cotes baltiques. Elle l'emm\u00e8ne au ch\u00e2teau du baron von Leppe et dispara\u00eet. Andr\u00e9 Duvalier est frapp\u00e9 par la ressemblance de la jeune fille et le portrait de la femme du baron, morte il y a vingt-cinq ans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ryAszNMDEQqlRdqwEYiELpKog36.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Baron Victor Frederick Von Leppe)", "Jack Nicholson (Lt. Andre Duvalier)", "Sandra Knight (Helene / Ghost of Ilsa The Baroness Von Leppe)", "Dick Miller (Stefan)", "Dorothy Neumann (Katrina, Witch / Eric's Mother)", "Jonathan Haze (Gustaf)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1963 and directed by Roger Corman & Francis Ford Coppola (with the help of a few others), \u201cThe Terror\u201d stars Jack Nicholson as a young officer in Napoleon's Army who is infatuated by an intriguing woman (Sandra Knight) he meets on the coast of the Confederation of the Rhine. After a run-in with a witch (Dorothy Neumann) he tracks the mysterious girl to the castle of an elderly Baron riddled with guilt (Boris Karloff). \r\n\r\nINTERESTING BEHIND-THE-SCENES INFO: After the shooting for Corman\u2019s \u201cThe Raven\u201d was completed, the castle sets were still available for a few days before demolition. Corman acted quickly to concoct a script via Leo Gordon and enlisted 75 year-old Karloff, who costarred in \u201cThe Raven.\u201d Boris later said it was amusing the way Roger dashed around with him & the other principles filming scenes just two steps ahead of the wreckers. \r\n\r\nAfter a few days of shooting, Corman couldn\u2019t film the rest of the movie himself due to union legalities, so he enlisted several young filmmakers to assist, including sending Coppola up to the Big Sur area for eleven days. Sets from other AIP movies were also used, notably \u201cThe Haunted Palace\u201d with Vincent Price.\r\n\r\nCOMMENTARY: I\u2019ve heard people complain about the story supposedly not making sense, but I found the plot easy to follow and even had it figured out by the halfway point, not including the dubious curveball thrown-in at the end (you\u2019ll know what I mean). \r\n\r\nAs my title blurb points out, \u201cThe Terror\u201d is very Hammer-esque, albeit made in California and on a lower budget than the typical Hammer flick (which weren\u2019t expensive films by any means). So if you like haunting Gothic horror with mysterious castles, ghosts and witches in the mold of Hammer flicks you\u2019ll probably like \u201cThe Terror.\u201d It\u2019s particularly reminiscent of \u201cDracula, Prince of Darkness\u201d (1966), which came out three years later. As far as 60\u2019s spooky MOOD goes, this movie\u2019s superb, which includes the Gothic score (Ronald Stein). Unfortunately, Nicholson\u2019s voice is noticeably incongruous and his lines are sometimes delivered in a stilted manner, but that\u2019s a minor quibble.                             \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hours & 21 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles (studio), Santa Monica, Point Lobos & Palos Verdes Peninsula, California. WRITERS: Gordon and Jack Hill. ADDITIONAL CAST: Dick Miller (Stefan) and Jonathan Haze (Gustaf). \r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [29056, 23439, 24452, 22694], "youtube_key": "N2YRo6dskac"}