{"tmdb_id": 316727, "title": "American Nightmare 3: \u00c9lections", "original_title": "The Purge: Election Year", "slug_title": "american-nightmare-3-elections", "date": "2016-06-29", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Une s\u00e9natrice am\u00e9ricaine se lance dans la course \u00e0 l'\u00e9lection pr\u00e9sidentielle en proposant l'arr\u00eat total de la Purge annuelle. Ses opposants profitent alors d'une nouvelle \u00e9dition de cette journ\u00e9e o\u00f9 tous les crimes sont permis pour la traquer et la tuer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sm7p6NvWOBSDywdIPhmiX3SLSH8.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Mitchell (Senator Charlie Roan)", "Frank Grillo (Leo Barnes)", "Mykelti Williamson (Joe Dixon)", "Edwin Hodge (Dante Bishop)", "Raymond J. Barry (Leader Caleb Warrens)", "Ethan Phillips (Chief Couper)", "Terry Serpico (Earl Danzinger)", "David Aaron Baker (Tommy Roseland)", "Kimberly Howe (School Girl #4)", "Joseph Julian Soria (Marcos)", "Kyle Secor (Minister Edwidge Owens)", "Roman Blat (Uncle Sam)", "J. Jewels (Political Debater)", "Betty Gabriel (Laney Rucker)", "Barry Nolan (Reporter #1)", "Liza Col\u00f3n-Zayas (Dawn)", "Adam Cantor (Tall Eric Busmalis)", "Christopher James Baker (Harmon James)", "Jared Kemp (Rondo)", "Brittany Mirabile (Schoolgirl #1 Freakbride / Kimmy)", "Naeem Duren (Rev w / Angel in Command Center)", "Naheem Garcia (Angel Munoz)", "Steven Barkhimer (Drab Suited Man 1)", "Tom Kemp (Drab Suited Man 2)", "Portland Helmich (Moderator)", "George Lee Miles (Irish Ike Jenkins)", "Antoine Coetzee (South African Male)", "Drew Cooper (Enormous Gang Member)", "Johnnie Mae (Mrs. Sabian)", "Tom Paolino (Axe Headed Man)", "Emily Petta (Screaming Woman)", "Alexander Cook (Masked Man)", "Juani Feliz (Schoolgirl #2)", "Jamal Peters (Gang Member with Dying Friend)", "Matt Walton (Reporter #1)", "Thomas Kee (Crazy Man (Self-Purger))", "Lonnie Farmer (Man with Bull Horn)", "Christy Coco (Young Charlie Roan)", "Darcie Fisher (Reporter #3)", "Alexander Schuler (Demonic Man)", "Hank Amos (Mercenary #8)", "Lindsey Pires (Dancer #1)", "Emily Smith (Dancer #2)", "Kt Baldassaro (Flag Face Russian Murderer (uncredited))", "Christopher Cagle (Dante's Man (uncredited))", "Chemi Che-Mponda (Homeless Woman (uncredited))", "Terry Conforti (Parishioner (uncredited))", "Kevin DeCoste (Executioner (uncredited))", "Pamela Figueiredo (Electorate (uncredited))", "John Franchi (Homeless Vietnam Vet (uncredited))", "Ian Gatheca (South African Gang Member (uncredited))", "London Hall (Charlie Roan's Mom (uncredited))", "Jay Hieron (Rev 1 (uncredited))", "Arthur Hiou (Leo's Security Team (uncredited))", "Rosemary Howard (Unassuming Woman (uncredited))", "Ian Dylan Hunt (NFFA Secret Service Agent (uncredited))", "Hashim Lafond (Revolutionary (uncredited))", "Jordan Lloyd (School Girl Friend (uncredited))", "Alex Madera (Homeless Child (uncredited))", "Wayne Malm Jr. (NFFA Soldier / Parishioner (uncredited))", "Stephanie McIntyre (Store Clerk (uncredited))", "Tanja Melendez Lynch (News Photographer (uncredited))", "Malcolm C. Murray (Rev 2 (uncredited))", "Nick Principe (NFFA agent (uncredited))", "Lexie Roth (Parishioner (uncredited))", "Melanie Blake Roth (Parishioner (uncredited))", "Stephanie Ann Saunders (Airport Patron (uncredited))", "Dora Winifred (Costume Shop Pedestrian (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen Zealots", "content": "A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com\r\n\r\nWhereas most franchises are characterized by sequels that degrade in quality over time, \u201cThe Purge\u201d is one that continues to improve. The first movie was a good premise in search of a story. The second in the series, \u201cThe Purge: Anarchy\u201d was a marked improvement, and \u201cThe Purge: Election Year\u201d is clearly the best one yet.\r\n\r\nIn case you\u2019ve been hiding under a rock, the concept behind these movies is simple: the government of America fell after mass unrest and crime eventually led to revolution, and out of the rubble a new party rose. They call themselves \u201cThe New Founding Fathers\u201d party and they have discovered a way to dramatically decrease crime and placate the populace: for one 12 hour time span each year, all crime \u2014 including murder \u2014 is legal. This annual bloodbath is known as (wait for it) \u201cthe Purge.\u201d\r\n\r\nIn this newest installment, the annual Purge has been in place for two decades. When she was younger, Senator Charlie Roan (Elizabeth Mitchell) was forced to watch as her entire family was murdered in front of her during the Purge. Having survived the horrors of the Purge, the Senator is running for President on an anti-Purge platform that is gaining popularity. Threatened by Senator Mitchell, the New Founding Fathers use the Purge as an opportunity to wipe out their competition by sending a squad of assassins to hunt her down. Protected only by her head of security, Leo Barnes (Frank Grillo, reprising his role from \u201cThe Purge: Anarchy\u201d), the Senator must go on the run to survive the night.\r\n\r\nIn \u201cThe Purge: Election Year,\u201d the annual bloodbath is used as a platform to talk about the growing tension between the haves and the have-nots. Because they lack the financial means to protect themselves, the poor are disproportionately victimized during the Purge. In this world, legalized murder is a way for the wealthy and political elite to ensure a placated populace and control the poor. When the victimized start to realize that they are pawns in a game played by the privileged, they start to fight back\u2026 by any means necessary.\r\n\r\nThe elite in this world are typified by ultra-conservative hypocrites who are quick to subvert religion and re-shape their displayed and false piety to advance their own agenda. Murder tourism is encouraged, and the powerful are quick to espouse the wisdom of permissive gun laws. Sound familiar at all?\r\n\r\nMy chief criticism of the movie is that it got perhaps a little too heavy-handed in its messaging at times, and the horror aspects of the story suffered as a result. At times, the film more closely resembles an action movie than a horror flick, which is a little disappointing for a franchise that excels in displaying inventive \u2014 if horrific \u2014 kills. Those kills are the moments that stay with you the longest and the ones that keep you up at night. The imagery that we do get is powerful, but it becomes increasingly scarce as the movie progresses.\r\n\r\nWhile it\u2019s not a perfect movie, \u201cThe Purge: Election Year\u201d is that rare horror movie that is both entertaining and has something interesting to say. Whether or not you agree with its politics, it\u2019s an interesting vehicle to use for a message that has resonance in our current culture. I just fear that the message will be lost on most.\r\n\r\n**A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com**"}, {"pseudo": "buycki", "content": "WONDERFUL"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The best **looking** movie of the _Purge_ franchise, and I was happy to see Frank Grillo returning, but still a definitive step down from its predecessor, _Anarchy_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [238636, 158015, 442249, 345911], "youtube_key": "RXMp9fBomJw"}