{"tmdb_id": 316715, "title": "Eichmann Show", "original_title": "The Eichmann Show", "slug_title": "eichmann-show", "date": "2015-01-20", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Comment Milton Fruchtman et Leo Hurwitz ont cr\u00e9\u00e9 l'un des premiers \u00e9v\u00e9nements t\u00e9l\u00e9vis\u00e9s mondiaux en retransmettant le proc\u00e8s Eichmann dans 37 pays et pendant 4 mois en 1961.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qZwVXn0ig59x3wc8SVABwnmrsm3.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony LaPaglia (Leo Hurwitz)", "Martin Freeman (Milton Fruchtman)", "Rebecca Front (Mrs Landau)", "Andy Nyman (David Landor)", "Nicholas Woodeson (Yaakov Jonilowicz)", "Ben Addis (Ron Huntsman)", "Samuel West (Narrator)", "Caroline Bartleet (Judy Gold)", "Morwenna Banks (Female Translator (voice))", "Ed Birch (Millek Knebel)", "Zora Bishop (Eva Fruchtman)", "Dylan Edwards (Roy Sedwell)", "Nathaniel Gleed (Tommy Hurwitz)", "Ben Lloyd-Hughes (Alan Rosenthal)", "Vaidotas Martinaitis (Adolf Eichmann)", "Nell Mooney (NY Times Journalist\u2019s Wife)", "Solomon Mousley (Perry)", "Anna-Louise Plowman (Jane Hurwitz)", "Ian Porter (NY Times Journalist)", "Justin Salinger (David Arad)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Behind story of a historical event's TV documentation.\r\n\r\nThis BBC film was based on the actual event that took place in the early 60s,  Jerusalem. About televising the trial from a courtroom, which was the first ever documentary series to broadcast. One of a top Nazi officer, Adolf Eichmann, who fled during the end of world war two and settled down in the South America, but brought back with the help of Mossad to Israel to face the war crime charges. The movie won't demonstrate all those in the picture, but it begins with the television production house preparing to shoot the important television event in the history. So the show begins, but a boring first half and the next half is where all the interesting stuffs happen.\r\n\r\nIn my prediction this movie with the powerful contents would have easily beaten the 'The Imitation Game', if it was produced grandly and commercialised a bit of narration for the worldwide market. The real video clips of the trial were merged into the movie and that gave a strong effect which allows to realise how those actual occurrences has taken place. Actually, there are some uncensored cuts, which were shocking and disturbing. So pretty much like a semi-documentary, but due to the majority of movie clips that shot with actors and in the sets, it feels like a TV movie as it should be.\r\n\r\n> \"While he watches the footage, we'll be watching him.\r\n> Only then will we see the real Eichmann.\"\r\n\r\nThe performances were ordinary, because the screenplay preferred the main event to display, not the characters and their lifestyle. That makes it is not a biographical picture, though both the lead men were pretty impressive. We had seen many world war 2 and related to it movies, but this one was a different. Because of the story was set 15 years after the end of war. Simple movie, no twists, no developments, but reveals the facts from a different dimension. Because of this show, people around the world and filmmakers understood the cruelty of the Nazi prison camp. The movies those came afterwards about this war were inspired by the events that discussed in the courtroom. So if you are planning for this, expect it to be as what the title says, not a bit more or less.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19317, 327651, 98130, 25221], "youtube_key": "notfound"}