{"tmdb_id": 317198, "title": "Ma pire journ\u00e9e", "original_title": "Bad Hair Day", "slug_title": "ma-pire-journee", "date": "2015-02-13", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Une lyc\u00e9enne particuli\u00e8rement dou\u00e9e avec la technologie est vou\u00e9e \u00e0 devenir la Prom Queen ! Mais le Jour J, rien ne se passe comme pr\u00e9vu. Et ce \"rien\" commence par ses cheveux, \u00e9tonnament rebelles, et sa robe compl\u00e8tement d\u00e9t\u00e9rior\u00e9e. Et encore, ce n'est pas grand chose \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 du voleur de bijoux qui la poursuit \u00e0 travers la ville...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bD9mh1IFyYAmgpiNQbDBMO2bZrx.jpg", "actors": ["Laura Marano (Monica Reeves)", "Leigh-Allyn Baker (Liz Morgan)", "Christian Campbell (Pierce Peters)", "Kiana Madeira (Sierra)", "Christian Paul (Ed)", "Alain Goulem (P\u00e8re de Monica)", "Jake Manley (Kyle Timmons)", "Zo\u00e9 De Grand Maison (Ashley)", "Andre Bedard (Mall Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When it's a long day filled with a series problems, but a short day to fix them all.**\r\n\r\nThe 96th Disney Channel Original Movie. I am watching it quite late, because I'm not a regular follower of the Disney Channel films, but have seen many of them and I had enjoyed. Surely the target audience for this is the kids and mostly the girls. But I liked it as well. The story wise, it is simple like just one day event. A high school girl preparing for the prom night, wakes up in the morning, finds her hair got messed up. Now she has to fix it and the problem is the appointment in the saloon and how to reach there since she has no vehicle or the license.\r\n\r\nThere's another side of the story. A pretended cop joins her in the quest in return a favour. So it's not just girl stuff, there are some actions. Running, chasing, theft, boyfriend trouble, the films have all the ingredient to enjoy the whole 90 minutes. Good casting and the performances, but I find some comedies are so silly. For a television and aiming for minors, everything looks fair. Just because we're being adult, we expect realism. If you throw away your that mindset while watching it, you would surely have a nice time. My rating might look only a just above average, but that's not how I felt. This is a nice film, like most of the DCOM. So go for it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [138038, 278774, 325189, 360605], "youtube_key": "notfound"}