{"tmdb_id": 317655, "title": "Being Evel", "original_title": "Being Evel", "slug_title": "being-evel", "date": "2015-01-23", "genre": "Histoire / Documentaire", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eCJCCwo4pXGxT2ibfFXpilnCniJ.jpg", "actors": ["Evel Knievel (Himself)", "George Hamilton (Himself)", "Johnny Knoxville (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Released in 2015 and directed by Daniel Junge, \u201cBeing Evel\u201d is a documentary on the rise, glory and fall of the stuntman who started the sport of motorcycle jumping and was the catalyst to widespread daredevilry of the sort.\r\n\r\nTo let you know how great this documentary is, I decided to check out 15-20 minutes when it was already past my bedtime and I ended up viewing the whole film. It\u2019s THAT compelling. The movie contains interviews with every primary person linked to Robert 'Evel' Knievel, including associates, employees, relatives, reporters and those he inspired. It\u2019s such a fascinating story of a flawed man who was obsessed with success and recognition to the point he regularly risked life and limb. \r\n\r\nFamily members point out that they lost Bobby Knievel to Evel Knieval as he conquered the world with his daredevilry and ensuing fame. To cope with the stress of regularly facing death and the ever-increasing pain of his multiple wounds he turned to alcohol, meds and loose sex. By the time of his Snake River Canyon jump he was so anxious he turned on the reporters, which was a bad move since they were the ground laborers that assisted his fame. After his 1977-78 conviction and six months prison sentence for assaulting the writer of his biography (which everyone involved said was accurate and, if anything, too tame), he lost most of his marketing endorsements and deals, including Harley-Davidson and Ideal Toys, which led to his bankruptcy. \r\n\r\nDespite his glaring downfall, the movie thankfully ends on a very positive note.          \r\n\r\nThe film runs 99 minutes.            \r\n \r\nGRADE: A+"}], "recommandations_id": [115332, 324293, 28758, 1608]}