{"tmdb_id": 31781, "title": "R\u00e9demption", "original_title": "Redemption: The Stan Tookie Williams Story", "slug_title": "redemption", "date": "2004-03-03", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie de Stan \"Tookie\" Williams, chef du gang Crips de Los Angeles qui, arr\u00eat\u00e9 et condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort pour meurtres, devint un ap\u00f4tre de la non-violence en prison. Le dangereux gangster sera m\u00eame pressenti \u00e0 plusieurs reprises pour le Prix Nobel de la Paix.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l8SLpUUTAIdKQyskWmsisNuyqsr.jpg", "actors": ["Lynn Whitfield (Barbara Becnel)", "Lee Thompson Young (Charles Becnel)", "Jamie Foxx ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Red Light - Green Light\r\n\r\nIf solely judged on Tookie Williams during his prison years, Redemption is a cracker-jack piece of film. It drives from the heart a sincerity that here was a man, that basically unleashed gangland hell on America, who desperately craved redemption from his prison cell. He strives to do good, to help communities by way of education in book and oration form, but is the film heavily biased towards the redemptive angle? Is the monster side of Williams soft soaped? Sadly yes it is.\r\n\r\nWe don't need to see continual violence thrust in our faces to know Williams was a very bad egg, but although we see staged flashbacks that break the heart and frighten us, director Vondie Curtis-Hall and writer J.T. Allen are fully committed to garnering empathy for the man. Of course on the flip-side of that, if they showed an abundance of violence perpetrated by Williams, then accusations of glorifying would surely have followed. Yet there has to be a balance, a balance that some film makers do find, but it isn't found here.\r\n\r\nIs it a story worth telling? Yes it is, of course, and with a superb and controlled performance by Jamie Foxx in the title role driving it forwards, it remains riveting throughout. However, when the dust settles and the end credits roll, what of the victims families blighted by Williams crimes? How must they have felt seeing Williams having a film made about him? A double edged sword movie for sure, artistically above average? Yes. Morally? Questionable. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38803, 15156, 57289, 53314]}