{"tmdb_id": 317981, "title": "Bloodsucking Bastards", "original_title": "Bloodsucking Bastards", "slug_title": "bloodsucking-bastards", "date": "2015-09-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Evan est un salari\u00e9 d\u00e9vou\u00e9 dans une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 o\u00f9 travaille \u00e9galement sa petite amie Amanda et son meilleur ami Tim. Tout se complique pour Evan lorsque Amanda le quitte et que son patron remet la promotion qu'il lui avait promise \u00e0 un de ses rivaux, Max.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4FGuQkvZ0sRmTtsOP32GuFxvYsj.jpg", "actors": ["Fran Kranz (Evan)", "Pedro Pascal (Max)", "Joey Kern (Tim)", "Joel Murray (Ted)", "Emma Fitzpatrick (Amanda)", "Yvette Yates (Zabeth)", "Justin Ware (Andrew)", "David F. Park (Dave)", "Parvesh Cheena (Jack the Intern)", "Matthew Lillard (Corporate Guest)", "Marshall Givens (Frank)", "Sean Cowhig (Janitor)", "Zabeth Russell (Elaine)", "Patricia Rae (Sofia)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When a bunch of lazy office employees fate changed.**\r\n\r\nI watched this because it sounded like another 'Midnight Son'. But I did not find anything like that, in fact, I'm disappointed. It is a B movie and showing our displeasure is definitely not worth. Because I went for it knowing what kind of film it is, so expecting a miracle was a foolishness. Honestly, I enjoyed watching this film, but did not like. Though the effort, including the production quality and performances were laudable.\r\n\r\nI don't know many of these actors, that's how a film like this works, but they did their best. The entire film was shot inside an office. The tale takes place nearly two or maybe three days, but the narration stayed in the office and built a story out of it. It is the story of a bunch of lazy office employees who always plays games in their computer placing bets. But when their new manager arrives, he demands a good result for the company to grow. So overloaded with works, employees begin to act strangely, but couple of them comes to know the reason and decides to fight against it.\r\n\r\nI think some people would like it, but to find out you are one of those, you have to take a chance on this. The film had potential, but was not fully utilised to make it a classic like you say the one I mentioned in the very first line. Particularly the last few minutes were submerged with the usual horror-comedy stuffs, so boring. If it were clever in some parts, I would have personally recommended it. Overall a better screenplay would have saved the film, but believe me, still it is the worst film of the 2015 I have seen.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [257117, 276488, 323366, 298865], "youtube_key": "cZnRRmYbSNY"}