{"tmdb_id": 318206, "title": "The Queen Bee", "original_title": "\u5973\u738b\u8702", "slug_title": "the-queen-bee", "date": "2006-01-06", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The movie is part of the Kindaichi TV movie series. Kindaichi is played by actor Goro Inagaki.  The character's grandfather began with the written word. Kousuke Kindaichi started life in the novels of Seishi Yokomizo, written and set in post-war Japan. Inspired by Arthur Conan Doyle and Agatha Christie, Kindaichi is still very much a unique character, giving the Japanese their very own literary hero-detective.  Young Hajime Kindaichi is a young man with bad dandruff and worse dress-sense (decades before Columbo), who wears a trademark, scruffy sunhat. He also happens to be better than the police at deductive reasoning. Having gained publicity for solving a high-profile murder case, the detectives allow him to work with them again.  This story is slimmer than the twisty plots of Inugami and Village, but is graced by the presence of Chiaki Kuriyama (Battle Royale, Kill Bill Vol. 1, The Great Yokai War) in the title role.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Gor\u00f4 Inagaki (Kosuke Kindaichi)", "Chiaki Kuriyama (Tomoko Daidoji / Kotoe Daidoji)", "Mitsuhiro Oikawa (Rentaro Tamon)", "Fumiyo Kohinata (Seishi Yokomizo)", "Satomi Tezuka (Kamio Hideko)", "Ryo Ishibashi (Kinzo Daidoji)", "Shir\u00f4 Namiki (Ryohei Inami)", "Shinsuke Aoki (Saburo Yusa)", "Sansei Shiomi (Chief Tachibana)", "Shota Sometani (Fumihiko Daidoji)", "Kazuki Namioka (Kinzo Daidoji (Young))", "Tetta Sugimoto (Ryuma Tsukumo)", "Masaya Takahashi ()", "Mansaku Ikeuchi (Taijiro Komai)", "Masayuki Yorozu (Tatsuya Kusakabe)", "Toshihiro Yashiba ()", "Sogen Tanaka ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}