{"tmdb_id": 318781, "title": "Colonia", "original_title": "Colonia", "slug_title": "colonia", "date": "2016-02-18", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Romance / Histoire / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Chili, 1973. Le G\u00e9n\u00e9ral Pinochet s\u2019empare du pouvoir par la force. Les opposants au coup d\u2019Etat descendent dans la rue. Parmi les manifestants, un jeune couple, Daniel et Lena. Daniel est arr\u00eat\u00e9 par la nouvelle police politique. Il est conduit dans un camp secret, cach\u00e9 dans un lieu recul\u00e9 au sein d\u2019une secte dirig\u00e9e par un ancien nazi. Une prison dont personne n\u2019est jamais sorti. Pour retrouver son amant, Lena va pourtant rentrer dans la Colonia Dignidad.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xXg2ItcEUmIQjrw3kgIB2ylbdrW.jpg", "actors": ["Emma Watson (Lena)", "Daniel Br\u00fchl (Daniel)", "Michael Nyqvist (Paul Sch\u00e4fer)", "Richenda Carey (Gisela)", "Vicky Krieps (Ursel)", "Jeanne Werner (Doro)", "Julian Ovenden (Roman)", "August Zirner (German Ambassador)", "Martin Wuttke (Niels Biedermann)", "C\u00e9sar Bord\u00f3n (Manuel Contreras)", "Nicol\u00e1s Barsoff (Jorge)", "Steve Karier (Bernd)", "Stefan Merki (Rudi)", "Lucila Gandolfo (Colonia Doctor)", "Johannes Allmayer (Dieter)", "Gilles Soeder (Kurt)", "Katharina M\u00fcller-Elmau (Embassy Secretary)", "Oscar Ali Garci (Interrogator)", "Etienne Halsdorf (Sch\u00e4fer's Sprinter #1)", "Jules Waringo (Sch\u00e4fer's Sprinter #2)", "Johannes Frolich (Sch\u00e4fer's Sprinter #3)", "Lauren Jane Pringle (Stewardess #1)", "Alexia Moyano (Stewardess #2)", "Lydia Stevens (Stewardess #3)", "Natalia Se\u00f1orales (Stewardess #4)", "Melania Lenoir (Stewardess #5)", "Justina Bustos (Stewardess #6)", "Paul Herwig (Herbert Klotz)", "Pietro Gian (Crew Bus Driver)", "Marcelo Vilaro (General Pinochet)", "Iv\u00e1n Espeche (Military Officer #1)", "Gast\u00f3n Filgueira (Military Officer #2)", "Martine Conzemius (Colonia Woman)", "Cuco Wallraff (Military Doctor)", "Pedro Merlo (Hooded Man)", "Lalo Rotaveria (Union Leader)", "Carlos Alejandro L\u00f3pez (Soldier #1)", "Jose Antonio Coello Porras (Soldier #2)", "Stephan Szasz (Hospital Patient)", "Edgar Moro (Blond Boy)", "Jasper Timm (Singing Boy)", "Ariel Nu\u00f1ez Di Croce (David London (uncredited))", "\u00c9ric Gigout (Colonia Man (uncredited))", "Herbert Forthuber (Embassy Staffer (uncredited))", "Rouven Blessing (Sect Member (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some risk taken in romance were unimaginable.**\r\n\r\nFirst of all, I did not know it was a real event based film until the texts from the film's end. But even before that I liked it very much. The film was very edgy, I have not seen such film in a quite long time. It feels like a familiar theme, but that is only the theme, the story was marginally different. Emma Watson was amazing, maybe this her best performance I have seen so far in her career. Daniel Bruhl was not bad either and so other co-stars.\r\n\r\nThe locations, the atmosphere created for narrating the tale, all were amazing, just feels like a very real. The story of a young German couple in the 70s Chile, when the military coup takes place, the supporters of the overthrown president were arrested including these two. Now they are separated and one of them was sent to a secret detention camp. The other one decides to rescue him by risking her own life by joining the same organisation. That's the film to reveal how she plans and all other troubles during her undertaking.\r\n\r\nDespite what this film reveals, very sad to read the end text. I have been looking for such kind of thriller for some time, so really I'm happy I saw this one. The pace was moderate, but the developments at the right time gives the edge. So from the entertainment perspective to revealing facts, this film well managed. From the director of 'John Rabe', another same intensity film, the majority of those who watch it would definitely like it. The thriller film fans must not miss it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241257, 283552, 228066, 300673]}