{"tmdb_id": 318941, "title": "Darling", "original_title": "\u0b9f\u0bbe\u0bb0\u0bcd\u0bb2\u0bbf\u0b99\u0bcd", "slug_title": "darling", "date": "2015-01-15", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3PuNWspfRkDs4NnuluEkadzHsBE.jpg", "actors": ["G. V. Prakash Kumar (Kathirvelan / Kathir)", "Nikki Galrani (Nisha)", "Karunas (Athisaya Raaj / Athisayam)", "Balasaravanan (James Kumaran)", "Srushti Dange (Swathi, Kathir's Ex-Girlfriend)", "Rajendran (Ghost Gopal Varma (Cameo Appearance))", "Kalaiyarasan (Shiva)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "phoenyx2509", "content": "If you're looking for to watch a Tamil movie that's a little off beat, a little different from the usual hero-heroine-villain-revenge-save girl-save day kinda story, Darling is just right! A one of a kind Tamil movie indeed. I don't think \"Horror Comedies\" existed in Tamil Cinema until darling came along. There may have been, but wouldn't have been as good. The only trouble I had at first was no subtitles. Luckily Herotalkies.com legally released it with subtitles on their website in 1080p a couple weeks later. \r\n\r\nThe best scenes were the one with Ghost Gopal Varma. Unending jokes with Kalidas's ridiculousness. Although being his first attempt at acting, G.V Prakash was actually able to pull it off, and did a pretty damn good job working on his expressions. Acting aside, the music is pretty commendable too. And Skype exorcism - wow! Now THAT's \"new\".\r\n\r\nMost would say the movie isn't that great, but I feel the movie deserves a pat on the back and a \"Well done\"."}, {"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "If there is something Tamil cinema can be proud of in recent times, it is how directors have cracked the code to making horror films that do not just scare but also make you laugh. Hollywood has had horror comedies for a long time but here, it is heartening to see our directors adapting the must-haves of the genre to our culture and lifestyle so that we are emotionally invested in the films. \r\n\r\nDarling is actually a remake of the Telugu film, Prema Katha Chitram, but debutant director Sam Anton ensures that it works very well in this setting as well. Three youngsters, Kathir (GV Prakash), Nisha (Nikki Galrani) and Kumar (Balasaravanan), go to a beach house with the intention of committing suicide and they are joined by Athisayaraj (Karunaas), one more individual who wants to take away his life. The twist here is that Nisha and Kumaran actually have planned the whole thing to make Kathir give up his plans of killing himself. Nisha actually is in love Kathir and is hoping that he falls in love with her. However, the ghost in the place starts possessing her every time Kathir tries to get close to her. Why it does so and what it wants is the mystery. \r\n\r\nThe closest comparison to Darling would be last year's Yaamirukka Bayamey. As in that film, the ghost here terrifies the other characters but there is no mortal threat. Also, here too, it is the supporting characters who do the heavy-lifting, while the leads largely play it straight. The only misstep here is that while that film managed to keep the ghost's back story light-hearted to go with the tone of the film, this one gives us a serious flashback that somewhat makes us feel guilty for having laughed so much. The Gang rape and slit throats make for queasy viewing. The flashback episodes involving Kathir and Nisha, too, could have been shorter. \r\n\r\nWhile GV Prakash and Nikki Galrani make confident debuts, the film belongs to Balasaravanan and Karunaas. As he did in Thirudan Police, Balasaravanan comes up with witty repartees that crack us up while Karunaas makes a welcome return in a role that plays to his strength; his character acts as if he is in command of the situation and often ends up at the receiving end of the ghost's anger. Then, there is Rajendran, who, too, continues from where he left off in Thirudan Police. Here, he plays Ghost Gopal Varma, an exorcist-type character and the visual gag where he is shown as the Ghost Rider as he makes his entry is inspired. His bald head, thin figure and sandpapery voice make him effective for both villainous and comical roles but from the screams and whistles that his character gets, it is clear that he has made much more impact as a comedian."}], "recommandations_id": []}