{"tmdb_id": 318917, "title": "Il est de retour", "original_title": "Er ist wieder da", "slug_title": "il-est-de-retour", "date": "2015-10-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le 30 ao\u00fbt 2011, Adolf Hitler se r\u00e9veille dans un terrain vague \u00e0 Berlin sans aucun souvenir de ce qui s'est pass\u00e9 depuis fin avril 1945. Sans abri et sans ressources, il interpr\u00e8te tout ce qu'il voit en 2011 avec un regard \u00ab nazi \u00bb (ainsi, il suppose que les Turcs d'Allemagne indiquent que Karl D\u00f6nitz a persuad\u00e9 les Turcs de rejoindre les forces de l'Axe, de m\u00eame il pense que l'origine du nom Wikipedia provient de Wikinger) \u2014 et bien que tout le monde le reconnaisse, personne ne croit qu'il est vraiment Adolf Hitler. \u00c0 la place, ils pensent que c'est un com\u00e9dien, ou un acteur de m\u00e9thode. D\u00e8s lors, les vid\u00e9os de ses coups de gueule t\u00e9l\u00e9visuels deviennent d'\u00e9normes succ\u00e8s sur YouTube, obtenant ainsi le statut de c\u00e9l\u00e9brit\u00e9 moderne en tant qu'interpr\u00e8te.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8ZweF55OguYAVfAMlokpZ0BSZCR.jpg", "actors": ["Oliver Masucci (Adolf Hitler)", "Fabian Busch (Fabian Sawatzki)", "Katja Riemann (Bellini)", "Christoph Maria Herbst (Sensenbrink)", "Franziska Wulf (Vera Kr\u00f6meier)", "Lars Rudolph (Kioskbesitzer)", "Roberto Blanco (Himself)", "Stephan Grossmann (G\u00f6ttlicher)", "Patrick Heinrich (Neonazi)", "Michael Ostrowski (Mancello)", "Gudrun Ritter (Gro\u00dfmutter Kr\u00f6meier)", "Paul Maa\u00df (Krankenpfleger Falko)", "Katharina Abt (K\u00f6chin)", "Marian Meder (Sawatzki-Darsteller)", "Thomas M. K\u00f6ppl (Benimmcoach)", "Marc-Marvin Israel (Fu\u00dfballjunge)", "David Gebigke (Fu\u00dfballjunge)", "Paul Busche (Fu\u00dfballjunge)", "Gerdy Zint (Pantomime)", "Nancy Maria Br\u00fcning (Mutter mit Kinderwagen)", "Hauke Schmidt (Comedy-Autor)", "Thomas Thieme (Senderchef K\u00e4rrner)", "Christoph Zrenner (Gerhard L\u00fcmmlich)", "Nina Beesk (Redakteurin bei My TV)", "Rocco Coufin (Redakteur bei My TV)", "Michael Grenzau (Redakteur bei My TV)", "Stefan Grei\u00dfig (Redakteur bei My TV)", "Niels O. Scheer (Redakteur bei My TV)", "David Segler (Redakteur bei My TV)", "Alexander Udalov (Redakteur bei My TV)", "Ramona Kunze-Libnow (Sawatzkis Mutter)", "Fred Aaron Blake (Hundez\u00fcchter)", "Bernardo Arias Poras (Gothicfreund)", "Georg Kammerer (Comedy-Autor)", "Folke Renken (Comey-Autor)", "Andrew Bulkeley (Comedy-Autor)", "Bernd Zeller (Comedy-Autor)", "Tim Whelan (Comedy-Autor)", "Michael Kessler (Michael Witzigmann)", "Klaas Heufer-Umlauf (Er selbst)", "Joko Winterscheidt (Er selbst)", "Daniel Aminati (Er selbst)", "J\u00f6rg Thadeusz (Er selbst)", "Jakob Bieber (J\u00fcngelchen)", "Maximilian Strestik (Ulf Birne)", "Frank Plasberg (Er selbst)", "Micaela Sch\u00e4fer (Sie selbst)", "Kim Gloss (Sie selbst)", "Piet Fuchs (Maik)", "Aaron Hildebrand (Neonazi 1)", "Leon Ullrich (Journalist)", "Jens Reimann (Technikchef Br\u00fcller)", "Roman Kanonik (Reinigungsmann)", "Christian Harting (Bild-Chef)", "Nina Proll (Ute Kassler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> He's obviously the same person, but his intentions are?\r\n\r\nI enjoyed the director's previous works like 'Combat Girls' and 'Wetlands'. Those were young women oriented subjects, yet filled with sensitive topics. But now he turned his focus towards the screen adaptation of a bestselling satirical novel of the same name about Adolf Hitler. Well, this is not his best work, not a bad movie either.\r\n\r\nQuite fun to watch, but not logical, especially the basic ones. Since it mocks a most hated person in the human history, there's no issues on portraying him in whatever angle they wanted, because nobody cares. Yet the film talked some serious current issues of Germany.\r\n\r\nThis is like when 'Borat' meets 'The Dictator'. A man who wanders around a city looking for some answers. That's none other than Adolf Hitler, who wakes up in the middle of where some young kids showing their football skills for a tv programme. Then he embarks to learn where he's and what year it is. Meets a person who helps him and ultimately end up with some tv guy where they begin their journey throughout the nation making videos before landing in an actual tv show. The man who killed millions of people wants the best for Germany and its people, how he turn things around were narrated in a quite interesting perspective.\r\n\r\nThe initial narratives were like the aimless, that tells us what people think of the Adolf Hitler's return. Looked like most of them were shot like a documentary style, outside the official shooting spots. You can see lots of real people's faces were censored. We know that he wanted to be an artist, but he draws some funny sketches in this. Likewise there are many scenes about his qualities that were dragged in to make fun out of it.\r\n\r\nCan people accept the words of one who is considered a villain. He came from a different timeline, but he quickly absorbs the situation and gives some important tips that should come into force. From the common people's perspective, it is an entertaining product, but from the political viewpoint, there are stuffs to consider severely about.\r\n\r\n> \"When you have rats at home, it is called not a clown but an exterminator.\"\r\n\r\nTo me there's nothing controversial about this theme. When he failed, the final pages of his history book were written by his enemies. Otherwise, there's no difference between him, Alexander and Genghis Khan. Every greatest kings who ever lived on the earth dreamed of conquering the world.\r\n\r\nI think the present world is same, except the form of conquering is changed, like some want to rule the world with their strong economy like the US and some are on their cheap industrial products like China. Like that all the other nations are on the top of the chart with something in what they're good at.\r\n\r\nAdolf Hitler was a politician, not a king, but he had his reasons for his actions. So if we go by the rule books, nothing seems rational. To me this film was a decent entertainer, I just wanted to enjoy what it offers and I think I did. I advise the same that you should not mix up this with the reality. Because that might take us to the unwanted territory.\r\n\r\nHe's the same person who came from the past, but I was keen to know his intentions, especially what the writer intended to draw out of him. Because he's alone, not with his army, so he had no power, but his interaction with people brings up some discussable topics. I'm not a German, but it made me think when he spoke about current issues that Germany is facing. Every nation has to think about its internal affairs to improve it, you can't live forever with the past shame.\r\n\r\nThis film might be a comedy, but you can't ignore some of the points the main character talks. I felt the movie was a double strike where people can have some laughs and in other side to learn the reality of the state. This the best satirical film about Adolf Hitler I've seen after the Charles Chaplin's 'The Great Dictator'.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [364433, 7735, 58522, 48415], "youtube_key": "notfound"}