{"tmdb_id": 319211, "title": "Monstres ordinaires", "original_title": "Wir Monster", "slug_title": "monstres-ordinaires", "date": "2015-01-22", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s plusieurs ann\u00e9es de mariage malheureux, Paul et Christine ont choisi de divorcer. Leur fille Sarah, adolescente, vit mal cette s\u00e9paration. Alors que son p\u00e8re doit l\u2019emmener en colonie de vacances, elle demande \u00e0 la derni\u00e8re minute que son amie Charlie puisse venir avec elle. Paul accepte. Sur la route, une dispute \u00e9clate entre les deux jeunes filles. Elles sortent de la voiture et s\u2019enfuient dans un bois. Lorsque le p\u00e8re arrive, il est trop tard : du haut d\u2019un barrage, Sarah a pouss\u00e9 son amie dans le vide. Christine et Paul, craignant pour leur fille fragile, d\u00e9cident de camoufler ce meurtre. Sans \u00e9tats d\u2019\u00e2me, l\u2019adolescente se r\u00e9jouit de voir ses parents \u00e0 nouveau ensemble \u00e0 ses c\u00f4t\u00e9s. Mais lorsque le p\u00e8re de Charlie tente d\u2019en savoir plus sur ce qui s\u2019est pass\u00e9 au barrage, il devient difficile de continuer \u00e0 mentir\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lxod7c537giA6p8wVJJmWHqCbFX.jpg", "actors": ["Mehdi Nebbou (Paul)", "Ulrike C. Tscharre (Christine)", "Janina Fautz (Sarah)", "Britta Hammelstein (Jessica)", "Marie Bendig (Charlie)", "Ronald Kukulies (Kuszinsky)", "Daniel Drewes (Michael)", "Dominik Buch (Nick)", "Marc Fischer (Osburg)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Separated, but joined hands for their child.\r\n\r\nMy latest German film about a family with the dark secret. A film that's not so popular, looks like not even in the Germany. But I chose it for the title alone. Followed by reading its synopsis I couldn't just turn away. It is definitely the German version of the Japanese flick 'Suspect X'. That does not mean it is a remake, but based on the similar theme that revolves on an entirely different platform. If you like that film, you should check this out, but it is simple and very interesting tale, not as intelligent as that one and never tried to be one.\r\n\r\nThe film was about a divorced couple with one teen daughter shared custody. It might be a separation by a mutual understanding, but for their daughter, Sarah, it is a pain to watch them apart. One day during a camping she accidentally commits a crime. When her parents learn about it, they join hands and decide to hide it, thinking it might spoil her future. But Sarah uses this opportunity to bring them back together. On the other side, one lie to another and many more, how long they can carry on is revealed in the remaining film.\r\n\r\nThere's no surprise for parents trying to save their child from the legal battle. Anybody would do the same thing in most of the circumstance after examining what actually went wrong. It reminded me 'Papanasam', a similar kind of film, but this narration targets only on the one side. The pursue from the other side was less than ten per cent. So it creates a mystery atmosphere about everything you saw might have another angle to give a different opinion on the situation of the film characters. That's how the focus remained on the family with their every move making them hard to stay strong and face the future troubles.\r\n\r\n> \"What if everybody knows about it? School, facebook, family, friends, everyone.\"\r\n\r\nThe suspense remains among the characters, but most of the viewers would know exactly what's going on. The writers did not try to hide anything to save a twist for the end part, they wanted to tell a simple crime-drama involving a family as much possible decently and they did it. People might think they are clever for figuring it out everything earlier or the writing was so weak, but that's a mere diversion for what happens in the final quarter. I think the film ended strongly than its earlier part. While watching it you might think it is an okay film, but once you watched it, it could change your overall impression.\r\n\r\nIn the old days people hiding crime to escape the punishment, and of course for what family, friends, neighbours think about them. But now the latest addition is the facebook. Going viral on the social media has much impact for ones future than the law punishing them. This where our future is heading. Tracking a criminal through the internet is easier than the outside world. Anyway, this film did not go for those materials, but used it as one of the reasons for making a crucial decision.\r\n\r\nOverall, it is almost a good film, an above average. But in the end, what and how much we expect from it is directly involved with for the final result. So I'm saying if you go for it with an open mind, you could enjoy it better. This story is not something you see regularly, at a time not the best film of the year, yet worth a try. I would have said it should have been better in a few parts, but that changes nothing because of the theme and I totally appreciate the filmmakers for making a decent film than anything worse. So I think you understood me that I'm indirectly recommending it.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [277968, 358083, 124529], "youtube_key": "pbNfV6G5dbI"}