{"tmdb_id": 31938, "title": "La brigade du diable", "original_title": "The Devil's Brigade", "slug_title": "la-brigade-du-diable", "date": "1968-05-15", "genre": ["Guerre / Action"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Et\u00e9 1942. Alors que les Nazis mettent l'Europe \u00e0 feu et \u00e0 sang, le Lieutenant Colonel Robert Frederick se voit confier la d\u00e9licate mission de former et d'entra\u00eener la premi\u00e8re unit\u00e9 de Forces Sp\u00e9ciales de l'arm\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine. Une section commando tr\u00e8s particuli\u00e8re car uniquement compos\u00e9e de rebelles et de condamn\u00e9s de droits communs. Une \u00e9quipe de choc, sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9e dans les missions p\u00e9rilleuses, que les allemands ont surnomm\u00e9s \"La Brigade du Diable\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c94QnCsfAcugbZxaCZbVZHd76E1.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Lt. Col. Robert T. Frederick)", "Cliff Robertson (Major Alan Crown)", "Vince Edwards (Major Cliff Bricker)", "Andrew Prine (Pvt. Theodore Ransom)", "Jeremy Slate (Sgt. Pat O'Neill)", "Claude Akins (Pvt. Rocky Rockman)", "Jack Watson (Cpl. Peacock)", "Richard Jaeckel (Pvt. Omar Greco)", "Bill Fletcher (Pvt. Bronc Guthrie)", "Richard Dawson (Pvt. Hugh MacDonald)", "Tom Troupe (Pvt. Al Manella)", "Luke Askew (Pvt. Hubert Hixon)", "Jean-Paul Vignon (Pvt. Henri Laurent)", "Tom Stern (Capt. Cardwell)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Capt. Rose)", "Michael Rennie (Lt. Gen. Maxwell Hunter)", "Carroll O'Connor (Maj. Gen. Maxwell Hunter)", "Dana Andrews (Brig. Gen. Walter Naylor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Teufels Brigade. \r\n\r\nThe Devil\u2019s Brigade is directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and adapted to screenplay by William Roberts from the book of the same name written by Robert H. Adleman and George Walton. It stars William Holden, Cliff Robertson, Vince Edwards, Harry Carey, Claude Akins, Andrew Prine, Richard Jaeckel, Jack Watson and Jeremy Slate. A Panavision/De Luxe Color production, music is by Alex North and cinematography by William H. Clothier. \r\n\r\nBased on real people and incidents, film follows the formation of the 1st Special Service Force (AKA: The Devil\u2019s Brigade), their training and subsequent mission to seize control of Monte la Difensa, a Nazi stronghold during the Italian Campaign in World War II. \r\n\r\nSomewhere along the path of war movie history there was a wind of change that saw the all heroic soldier of sincerity replaced by the anti-hero thug! Where misfits, criminals and army bums were thrust into missions that gave them the chance of redemption or a semblance of honour via death. This format reached a pinnacle, arguably, with Robert Aldrich\u2019s Magnificent Macho Movie, The Dirty Dozen (1967). A year later came The Devil\u2019s Brigade, a film strikingly similar to The Dirty Dozen, yet unlike Aldrich\u2019s movie is based on facts, it should also be noted that the novel The Devil\u2019s Brigade was written in 1966. \r\n\r\nMcLaglen\u2019s movie follows the tried and tested formula, men from all walks of life thrust together and expected to gel as one fighting force. Cue hostilities and suspicions, here in the guise of a crack Canadian army unit joining forces with a platoon of American wasters. The training is as tough as it gets, the men continuing to try and out macho each other, and then that magical moment occurs when they come together as one and realise they actually can get on after all. This comes about in TDB courtesy of a gloriously over the top part of the film where the Yanks and Canadians brawl with local lumberjacks and the military police. Something which greatly makes their leader, Lt. Col Robert Frederick (Holden), very proud. He of course is straight from the \u201cunconventional\u201d line of military leaders. \r\n\r\nSo it goes, fists fly as much as the jokes, the insults are barbed and the macho posturing never wavers. Frederick butts heads with the suits, his charges forced to prove themselves as an elite fighting force, and then it\u2019s to the big bang mission, where it\u2019s a time for heroes and we know that not everyone will survive the pyrotechnics. Cast performances are just fine, inevitably with such an ensemble piece many of the characters are not fully fleshed, but the main players impact well on the drama. North\u2019s music is delightfully boisterous, the blend of national themes most catchy, Clothier\u2019s photography around the Utah and Lazio locales lurches nicely from the screen, while McLaglen, so often derided for some of his directing assignments, does a bang up good job for the two action sequences that finalise the movie. \r\n\r\nIt doesn\u2019t break new ground, but for this line of formula war movies it comfortably keeps the fires burning. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Being from Windsor, Ontario, Canada, this film has special significance, as there are still survivors from the actual 'Devil's Brigade'. This film was a hoot to watch and greatly enjoyable. Heartily recommended for those enthusiasts of war movies, and had just enough humour to be endearing rather than off-putting. Would make a fine double bill with the similarly-toned 'Three Kings' or 'Kelly's Heroes'."}], "recommandations_id": [41857, 26316, 18780, 36642], "youtube_key": "8EIFTAY4Tf8"}