{"tmdb_id": 31935, "title": "Trop tard pour les h\u00e9ros", "original_title": "Too Late the Hero", "slug_title": "trop-tard-pour-les-heros", "date": "1970-05-20", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Guerre"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Des troupes anglaises et japonaises se font face dans une ile des Nouvelles Hebrides, en Novembre 1942. Un convoi americain est annonc\u00e9 aux larges des c\u00f4tes. Il devient alors indispensable de d\u00e9truire l'\u00e9metteur-radio japonais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fS1qQDdKME8iHIOn2WOTYZsRRR9.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Caine (Pvt. Tosh Hearne)", "Cliff Robertson (Lt. Sam Lawson)", "Henry Fonda (Capt. John G Nolan)", "Ian Bannen (Pvt. Jock Thornton)", "Harry Andrews (Col. Thompson)", "Denholm Elliott (Captain Hornsby)", "Ronald Fraser (Private Campbell)", "Lance Percival (Cpl. McLean)", "Percy Herbert (Sgt. Johnstone)", "Ken Takakura (Major Yamaguchi)", "Sam Kydd (C/Sgt.)", "Patrick Jordan (Sgt. Major)", "William Beckley (Pvt. Currie)", "Martin Horsey (Pvt. Griffiths)", "Don Knight (Pvt. Connolly)", "Harvey Jason (Pvt. Scott)", "Roger Newman (Pvt. Riddle)", "Michael Parsons (Pvt. Rafferty)", "Sean MacDuff (Pvt. Rogers)", "Frank Webb (Ensign)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***WW2 jungle warfare***\r\n\r\nIn 1942 the Brits have a base at the southern tip of a Jap-held island in the Philippines; a unit is sent on a mission with an American Lieutenant (Cliff Robertson) to take down the radio at the northern end of the isle. Michael Caine plays a troublesome private while Denholm Elliott is on hand as the leader of the patrol.\r\n\r\nIn tone and story, \u201cToo Late the Hero\u201d (1970) is similar to \u201cAmbush Bay\u201d (1966); other comparable flicks include \u201cThe Bridge on the River Kwai\" (1957) and \u201cBeach Red\u201d (1967). Of course \u201cKwai\u201d is superior, but \u201cToo Late\u201d ain\u2019t no slouch.\r\n\r\nI had a bad attitude during the first half because of some unrealistic scenes. I\u2019m no veteran of jungle warfare, but I\u2019m pretty sure you shouldn\u2019t be blithely singing songs or loudly talking while traversing jungle trails in enemy territory, especially when it has already been established that Japs could be anywhere. Also, if you\u2019re going to take a nap, wouldn\u2019t it be hidden in the forest undergrowth rather than in a wide open meadow near a trail? Also, am I the only one to find the Jap loudspeaker unit a little unlikely?\r\n\r\nIf you can get past these kinds of eye-rolling flaws, \u201cToo Late the Hero\u201d becomes a gripping and suspenseful Pacific War movie with quality characterizations about a small group of reluctant heroes sweating it out in the jungle and fighting amongst themselves. Even the Jap commander is interesting and unpredictable. The ending is memorable, even iconic; and you don\u2019t know who survives until the final moments.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 13 minutes and was shot in Malay, Aklan, Philippines.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [43407, 43786, 35284, 107076], "youtube_key": "DWi7M-d6hlM"}