{"tmdb_id": 319551, "title": "Marianna", "original_title": "Bin mei", "slug_title": "marianna", "date": "1982-06-03", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Peter Yu (Chin Han) goes on a business trip to the Philippines leaving his lovely wife and two children behind him. While conducting business there he saves a desperate girl from a number of pursuers. The girl is Marianna (Anna Malai) and she\u2019s the cause of a deadly rivalry between two native tribes. The leader of one of the tribes wants to marry her, but Marianna and her tribe want nothing to do with them. Marianna escapes to HK where she finds Peter and persuades him to hire her as a maid so that she can hide out. Nancy (Sally Yeh), Peter's wife, isn't too keen on the idea especially when she discovers her husband\u2019s infidelity. Nancy leaves HK to visit her relative in the Philippines and Peter follows to make amends. They decide to go on a road trip where hopefully they can begin anew. Their scenic tour goes askew immediately and soon turns into a horrific nightmare; as they too are pursued by the tribe that is after Marianna.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zjKWRzo3WRPcnNLp8MIeRuPqg1a.jpg", "actors": ["Chin Han (Peter Yu)", "Anna Malai (Marianna)", "Sally Yeh (Nancy Yu)", "Steve Barlow ()", "Charlie Chin ()", "Steve Polao ()", "Mario Escudero ()", "Elvie Escarro ()", "Mark Joseph ()", "Mark Joseph ()", "Greg Lucero ()", "Frank Ramos ()", "Cady Reyes ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}