{"tmdb_id": 31952, "title": "The Vampire Lovers", "original_title": "The Vampire Lovers", "slug_title": "the-vampire-lovers", "date": "1970-10-04", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Au d\u00e9but du XIX\u00e8me si\u00e8cle, en Styrie... Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Spieldorf accueille dans sa demeure la jeune Marcilla, alors que la m\u00e8re de celle-ci est appel\u00e9e au loin pour une affaire urgente. Marcilla se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec Laura, la fille du g\u00e9n\u00e9ral. Quelques jours plus tard, Laura meurt d'\u00e9puisement. Marcilla a myst\u00e9rieusement disparu... Peu apr\u00e8s, Roger Morton recueille dans son manoir la jeune Carmilla, que lui confie sa tante qui doit partir pour un long voyage. Carmilla et la fille de Morton, Emma, s'entendent \u00e0 merveille... Mais Carmilla et Marcilla ne sont qu'une seule et m\u00eame personne, la redoutable comtesse Mircalla Karnstein, un vampire qui s'introduit dans des familles pour se d\u00e9lecter du sang de jeunes filles vierges...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3f1JMXD0fzyqAHoZj5d9znYEAAl.jpg", "actors": ["Ingrid Pitt (Marcilla)", "Peter Cushing (General von Spielsdorf)", "George Cole (Roger Morton)", "Kate O'Mara (The Governess (Mme. Perrodot))", "Ferdy Mayne (Doctor)", "Douglas Wilmer (Baron Joachim von Hartog)", "Madeline Smith (Emma Morton)", "Dawn Addams (The Countess)", "Pippa Steel (Laura)", "Jon Finch (Carl Ebhardt)", "Kirsten Lindholm (First Vampire)", "John Forbes-Robertson (Man in Black)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Lush gothic Hammer horror with Ingrid Pitt, Madeline Smith and Peter Cushing\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1970 and directed by Roy Ward Baker, \"The Vampire Lovers\" is a Hammer horror based on Irish novelist Sheridan Le Fanu\u2019s \u201cCarmilla,\u201d which was published in 1872 and predated Bram Stoker\u2019s \u201cDracula\u201d by 25 years. The story concerns a family of vampires, the Karnsteins, who prey on people in Austria by finding an excuse to leave their daughter at a rich manor. She then proceeds to patiently seduce the nubile woman of the abode as she drinks the blood of local peasant lassies and whomever else.\r\n\r\nThe main antagonist, Carmilla/Marcilla Karnstein, is played by Ingrid Pitt, who\u2019s effective, but a little too long-in-the-tooth for the role. While she prefers to prey on wealthy nubile girls and there are overt Sapphic undertones, she\u2019s just as willing to suck the blood of dudes when it suits her diabolic purposes. Her pretense of passionate romantic love is just that as she\u2019s intrinsically evil and referred to as a \u201cdevil\u201d elsewhere in the movie. Make no mistake, she\u2019s solely out to find and feed off victims.\r\n\r\nWhile vampires are fantastical, Carmilla is figurative of evil women who purpose to seduce or convert people and destroy them. This IS real life and I\u2019ve seen it happen several times. The tale isn\u2019t for immature audiences because it\u2019s too convoluted, dramatic, weighty and mature. I saw it 15 years ago and wasn\u2019t impressed but, seeing it again, I now grasp it and it\u2019s virtually revelatory.\r\n\r\nThe female cast is superb, rounded out by: Madeline Smith (Emma), Pippa Steel (Laura), Kate O'Mara (The Governess, aka Mme. Perrodot), Janet Key (Gretchin, the maid), Kirsten Lindholm (the blonde vampire in the opening; also shown later), Olga James (Village Girl), Joanna Shelley (Woodman's Daughter) and Dawn Addams (The Countess/Karnstein matriarch). There\u2019s a little bit of tasteful top nudity and Pitt is shown totally nude on two occasions in a classy manner. She\u2019s a beautiful woman, for sure, but she doesn\u2019t trip my trigger.\r\n\r\nAs far as the male cast goes, Peter Cushing has a side role and Jon Finch is on hand as the gallant hunk. There are others.\r\n\r\nFYI: \u201cThe Vampire Lovers\u201d is the first part of the so-called Karnstein Trilogy, which includes the quasi-sequel \u201cLust for a Vampire\u201d (1971) and the prequel \u201cTwins of Evil\u201d (1971).\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 31 minutes and was shot in Hertfordshire, England.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/B"}], "recommandations_id": [28801, 31472, 39043, 29960], "youtube_key": "StTTfl8SU5k"}