{"tmdb_id": 319682, "title": "Tom Atkins Blues", "original_title": "Tom Atkins Blues", "slug_title": "tom-atkins-blues", "date": "2010-04-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Spaetkauf (Late Night Shop) has been at the heart of Berlin Prenzlauer Berg and an integral part of people's daily lives for over 13 years. A place to meet and hang out, local bar, grapevine, a place to buy anything you might need out of hours. A place to forget your worries. Where there is always time for the customer. Every night and all day Sunday. With reggae, dub &amp; hip hop playing out of the speakers onto the street. Tommy, the Englishman, has worked in the Spaetkauf for years, selling the wares and dealing with arguing couples, lost tourists, drunken locals, late night discussions, participating in heated basketball games, visiting late night clubs and suffering hangovers. A kaleidoscope of people offering glimpses into their lives, hopes and thoughts, weaving a tapestry of local life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jhv0E7ysG2sWNKWWVcgUmnAJaPJ.jpg", "actors": ["Sebastian Arranz (Sebastian)", "Petra-Maria Cammin (Emilia Galoppi)", "Ian T. Dickinson (Ian)", "Megan Gay (Jessie)", "Annette Gleichmann (Annie)", "Nora Hoehle (Nora)", "Jakob Ilja (Applejack)", "Sebastian Joswiakowski (Joe)", "Udo Kroschwald (Viktor)", "Ronald Kukulies (Ronald)", "Tim Lang (Calm Lawyer)", "Benno Lehmann (Frank)", "Stefan Lochau (Kalle)", "Tessa Mittelstaedt (Gabriella)", "Rainer Reiners (Walther)", "Katharina Schmalenberg (Angry Nurse)", "Melissa Anna Schmidt (Lost Tourist)", "Andr\u00e9 Szymanski (Angry Shopper)", "Ingrid von Sicherer (Dr.Prof. Espenk\u00f6tter)", "Kotti Yun (Kotti)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}