{"tmdb_id": 319665, "title": "The Silent Code", "original_title": "The Silent Code", "slug_title": "the-silent-code", "date": "1935-11-20", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Northwest Mounted Police Corporal Jerry Hale is assigned to take over the district of a fellow-officer, and is puzzled as he had worked this district before and had been mysteriously transferred, disrupting his romance with Helen Brent, the niece of Peter Barkley, the Factor at the trading post. An accountant of the company Berkley works for threatens to expose him when his account is found $10,000 short. Barkley pleads for more time to raise the money. His opportunity arises when he learns that Helen's father and his brother-in-law, Nathan Brent, has struck it rich and is on his way to visit Helen. Barkley instructs his henchmen Carney and Breen to lie in wait and rob Brent of his gold. Brent has a premonition of trouble and buries his gold, making a map of the location. Barkley is disturbed by the arrival of Corporal Hale and goes to warn his men, and finds them already engaged in the attack on Brent. Brent's dog Wolfgang (played by a dog named Rex, or maybe the other way around)...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qTdDLIIbnyAqs94XYtmi1d3jT9P.jpg", "actors": ["Kane Richmond (NWMP Cpl. Jerry Hale)", "Blanche Mehaffey (Helen Brent)", "Wolfang (Rex, King of Dogs)", "J.P. McGowan (Commissioner)", "Joseph W. Girard (NWMP Inspector Manning)", "Barney Furey (Peter Barkley)", "Pat Harmon (Henchman Carney)", "Ben Corbett (Henchman Breen)", "Carl Mathews (Henchman Lobo)", "Edward Coxen (Nathan Brent)", "Bud Osborne (Mountie Sergeant)", "Clarence Davis (Redwing)", "Ted Mapes (First Mountie Constable)", "Douglas Ross (Second Mountie Constable)", "Rose Higgins (Indian Servant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}