{"tmdb_id": 31973, "title": "Soldier of God", "original_title": "Soldier of God", "slug_title": "soldier-of-god", "date": "2005-01-01", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4wU5g3DXNrvPkZCAx5ZsewKSeLc.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Abell (Rene)", "Bill Mendieta (Hasan (as William Mendieta))", "Mapi Gal\u00e1n (Soheila)", "Nicholas Kadi (Omar)", "Scott Cleverdon (Geoffrey)", "Michael Desante (Yaqut)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A side story to \u201cKingdom of Heaven\u201d about a Templar, a Muslim and a widow in the desert***\r\n\r\nAfter the Battle of Hattin in 1187, a grim Knight Templar named Rene (Tim Abell) wanders the desert where he encounters a Muslim named Hassan (Bill Mendieta). They meet a Muslim woman, Soheila (Mapi Gal\u00e1n), and discuss sectarian differences and the human penchant for conflict & killing while the woman seems intrigued by one of the men.\r\n\r\nThis is basically a low-budget companion piece to the events of \u201cKingdom of Heaven\u201d (2005). \u201cSoldier of God\u201d came out later that same year, but only cost $325 thousand while \u201cKingdom\u201d cost a whopping $130 million. Thankfully, the filmmaking doesn\u2019t seem THAT low-budget: There\u2019s a lot of beautiful desert photography, the editing is proficient and the score is aesthetic and moving. I encourage you to watch or re-watch \u201cKingdom of Heaven\u201d first because it provides the background events and key names that will help you understand the situation here.\r\n\r\nThis is a dialogue-driven sword & sandal drama with flashes of action. The acting is well done for such low-budget fare. The problem is that too much of the verbiage is hard to discern and there\u2019s no subtitle option. Another reviewer called the movie \u201ca pointless exercise in verbose pretentiousness,\u201d but some of the dialogue is quite good, at least what I heard anyway, particularly the discussion when the Jewish merchant visits.\r\n\r\nSomeone criticized the actions of a certain character on the grounds that a such-and-such wouldn\u2019t do such-and-such. I disagree. I just went to coffee with a devotee of a certain noble belief system who recently got out of prison for murder, which he committed in a flash of angry frustration. Plus you have to consider the adrenaline rush of battle frenzy and the desire to remove something lingering & troubling.\r\n\r\nI probably would\u2019ve liked this flick a lot more if I was able to discern more than 50% of the dialogue.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 34 minutes and was shot in Dumont Dunes, California, with some exteriors done in M\u00e1laga, Andaluc\u00eda, Spain.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": []}