{"tmdb_id": 319888, "title": "Eddie the Eagle", "original_title": "Eddie the Eagle", "slug_title": "eddie-the-eagle", "date": "2016-02-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Histoire / Aventure"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Michael \u00ab Eddie \u00bb Edwards a toujours eu un seul r\u00eave, participer aux Jeux Olympiques. Le probl\u00e8me, c\u2019est qu\u2019il n\u2019a jamais r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 briller dans aucun sport. Touch\u00e9 par la pers\u00e9v\u00e9rance d\u2019Eddie, un ancien champion am\u00e9ricain va devenir son coach afin de l\u2019aider \u00e0 prendre part aux J.O. d\u2019Hiver de Calgary dans la discipline dangereuse du saut \u00e0 ski. L\u2019histoire vraie de cet anti-h\u00e9ros qui n\u2019a jamais cess\u00e9 de croire en lui-m\u00eame quand la Grande Bretagne toute enti\u00e8re n\u2019y croyait pas.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/laEdJnz9CiojWcNpqFjPKhrKuBo.jpg", "actors": ["Taron Egerton (Eddie \"the Eagle\" Edwards)", "Hugh Jackman (Chuck Berghorn)", "Christopher Walken (Warren Sharp)", "Ania Sowinski (Carrie)", "Mads Sj\u00f8g\u00e5rd Pettersen (Erik Moberg)", "Iris Berben (Petra)", "Jim Broadbent (BBC Commentator)", "Jo Hartley (Janette)", "Keith Allen (Terry)", "Dickon Tolson (UK Doctor)", "Mark Benton (Richmond the BOA Official)", "Tim McInnerny (Dustin Target)", "Edvin Endre (Matti Nyk\u00e4nen)", "Marc Benjamin (Lars Holbin)", "Rune Temte (Bj\u00f8rn the Norwegian Coach)", "Carlton Bunce (Old Jumper)", "Graham Fletcher-Cook (Appleby)", "Daniel Ings (Zach)", "Matt Rippy (US Anchorman)", "Joachim Raaf (Oberstdorf Jumping Marshal)", "Tom Dab (Swedish Coach (uncredited))", "Matthew Brandon (Canadian Ski Jumper (uncredited))", "Jozef Aoki (Calgary Press (uncredited))", "Lasco Atkins (Calgary Press (uncredited))", "Anthony Chisholm (Photograper (uncredited))", "Aria DeMaris (Skiier (uncredited))", "Jessica Williams (British Olympian (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Keep dreaming brings nothing, need to go out and try to make it happen!\r\n\r\nThe posters, teasers did not impress me at all. The thought the film going to be a flop. Surprisingly the film was much better than I anticipation. This is a biographical-sport film and very inspiring. The story of a British boy in the early 70s who dreamt to be an Olympian, but the problem is he has not found his sports. By the time in his 20s, he finally finds his interest and gives his best to make his long pending wish to come true. The remaining narration reveals his journey to the world's one of the big events where he aims to soar like an eagle.\r\n\r\nHugh Jackman was not any terrific, he was awesome like usual, but in a supporting role. I think Taron Egerton will be the next British sensation. This film worth seeing for his phenomenal act. The real Eddie too appreciated that. The whole film revolved around these two characters and I think making it a comedy worked out so well. Nicely shot film in the beautiful places, especially those risky ski jump stunts were excellent and the direction was undoubtedly the best.\r\n\r\nThis film is not particularly about the sport, it is about one showing his passion towards his undertaking. Eddie can be seen as a role model, no matter what he achieved, his fighting spirit is motivating. I think the youngsters should watch it, especially those who are after their dreams. Not just sport persons, but any field persons. I don't know about the repeat viewing, but watching once is enough for the confidence uplift. One of the must see film of the 2016.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [300673, 323677, 279641, 303991], "youtube_key": "DYGbsUqlOnw"}