{"tmdb_id": 31991, "title": "Drifter: Henry Lee Lucas", "original_title": "Drifter: Henry Lee Lucas", "slug_title": "drifter-henry-lee-lucas", "date": "2009-09-01", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "3.6/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie d'Henry Lee Lucas. Henry a toujours v\u00e9cu dans la violence. Adulte, avec la complicit\u00e9 de son meilleur ami et de sa fianc\u00e9e, il devient un serial killer aux Etats-Unis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7njA2RUDlNSOWLrLSy3YfizQ5Ib.jpg", "actors": ["Antonio Sab\u00e0to, Jr. (Henry)", "John Diehl (Sheriff Larabie)", "Kostas Sommer (Otis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Drifter, Shifter, Fanciful Mister.\r\n\r\nSerial killer movies have become two a penny, it feels like at least a couple come out each year. This one, directed by Michael Feifer, just feels like old hat, like it is treading water to make a point that has been made a hundred times before. It doesn\u2019t help that Henry Lee Lucas has already been covered in brilliantly grainy fashion previously with John McNaughton\u2019s 1990 skin itcher Henry: Portrait OF A Serial Killer, which quite frankly is superior to this in every department. On the plus side are the performances of Antonio Sabato Jr. (Henry) and Kostas Sommer (Ottis), where the former is broody and twitchy, the latter hyper insane, but ultimately it achieves nothing. Kudos, however, is due for at least cleaving close to what facts of the case are known to be true. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [213803, 84293, 200803, 28743], "youtube_key": "notfound"}