{"tmdb_id": 319995, "title": "El Club", "original_title": "El Club", "slug_title": "el-club", "date": "2015-03-19", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans une ville c\u00f4ti\u00e8re du Chili, des pr\u00eatres marginalis\u00e9s par l\u2019Eglise vivent ensemble dans une maison. L\u2019arriv\u00e9e d\u2019un nouveau pensionnaire va perturber le semblant d\u2019\u00e9quilibre qui y r\u00e8gne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hNGGeTdSooLGFYZTex3VENVYv9j.jpg", "actors": ["Roberto Far\u00edas (Sandokan)", "Antonia Zegers (Hermana M\u00f3nica)", "Alfredo Castro (Padre Vidal)", "Alejandro Goic (Padre Ortega)", "Alejandro Sieveking (Padre Ram\u00edrez)", "Jaime Vadell (Padre Silva)", "Marcelo Alonso (Padre Garc\u00eda)", "Jos\u00e9 Soza (Padre Mat\u00edas Lazcano)", "Francisco Reyes (Padre Alfonso)", "Diego Mu\u00f1oz (Surfista)", "Gonzalo Valenzuela (Surfista)", "Catalina Pulido (Surfista)", "Paola Lattus (Mujer de Sandokan)", "Erto Pantoja (Due\u00f1o de Perro)", "Felipe R\u00edos (Due\u00f1o de Perro)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A club for the rare kind, but nowadays the number rose.\r\n\r\nSadly, this is the most boring film I have seen in the last 12 months. I have enjoyed many films what others called the worst film of the year. That means I love to take chances, but I was surprised for this which is the least liked by me from the year 2015.\r\n\r\nI usually respect films and filmmaking, so I thought to skip reviewing it than writing negatives about it, but then I thought I hadn't written much for the disliked films. Realised I should not go like this being neutral, because I collect my reviews and I wanted all kinds like good, bad, average for my basket.\r\n\r\nI never considered myself an atheist or a theist, just a form of a life on the planet earth, so it's nothing to do with the religion for my viewpoint on this. This drama about the corrupted priests was not like I expected, I kind liked the theme, but not the overall film.\r\n\r\nIt was sent to represent Chile in the recently concluded Oscars, which was a similar theme to the top award winner 'Spotlight' but failed to qualify for the main event. If it was based on the real then my reaction would have been different.\r\n\r\nThey have tried it with a dark comedy that I was not impressed with the overall presentation. But there were a very few good scenes and it was not enough to win me. I know the majority of those who had watched the film are saying many good stuffs about it, looks like I might be the lone black spot around here that deserves dislike votes, so come guys!! Do it!\r\n\r\n3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [209840, 65296, 103740, 215525]}