{"tmdb_id": 319, "title": "True Romance", "original_title": "True Romance", "slug_title": "true-romance", "date": "1993-09-09", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Crime / Romance", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Le jour de son anniversaire, Clarence Worley rencontre la splendide Alabama dans un cin\u00e9ma miteux. Coup de foudre imm\u00e9diat. Apr\u00e8s une nuit d'amour, Alabama avoue \u00e0 Clarence qu'elle a \u00e9t\u00e9 en fait engag\u00e9e par le patron de Clarence comme cadeau d'anniversaire. De l\u00e0 va commencer une folle aventure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a7DVgFZ7e7qGC31ljD0nZWGNhvs.jpg", "actors": ["Christian Slater (Clarence Worley)", "Patricia Arquette (Alabama Whitman)", "Michael Rapaport (Dick Ritchie)", "Bronson Pinchot (Elliot Blitzer)", "Gary Oldman (Drexl Spivey)", "Dennis Hopper (Clifford Worley)", "Christopher Walken (Vincenzo Coccotti)", "Brad Pitt (Floyd)", "Tom Sizemore (Cody Nicholson)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Big Don)", "Saul Rubinek (Lee Donowitz)", "James Gandolfini (Virgil)", "Frank Adonis (Frankie)", "Paul Bates (Marty)", "Val Kilmer (Mentor)", "Chris Penn (Nicky Dimes)", "Anna Levine (Lucy)", "Eric Allan Kramer (Boris)", "Conchata Ferrell (Mary Louise Ravencroft)", "Victor Argo (Lenny)", "Said Faraj (Clerk)", "Gregory Sporleder (Burger Stand Customer)", "Maria Pitillo (Kandi)", "Kevin Corrigan (Marvin)", "Paul Ben-Victor (Luca)", "Michael Beach (Wurlitzer)", "Joe D'Angerio (Police Radio Operator)", "John Bower (Detective)", "John Cenatiempo (Squad Cop #1)", "Patrick John Hurley (Monty)", "Dennis Garber (Lobby Cop #1)", "Scott Evers (Lobby Cop #2)", "Hilary Klym (Running Cop)", "Steve Gonzales (I.A. Officer)", "Laurence Mason (Floyd 'D')", "David Dean (Cop)", "April Freeman (Burger Stand Customer)", "Ed Lauter (Police Captain Quiggle)", "Enzo Rossi (Elvis, Alabama's and Clarence's Son)", "Nancy Young (Hotel Hostage)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The King, Chiba, White Boy Day and Love\u2026Bloody Love.\r\n\r\nTrue Romance is directed by Tony Scott and written by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Christian Slater, Patricia Arquette, Dennis Hopper, Brad Pitt, Val Kilmer, Gary Oldman, Michael Rapaport, Christopher Walken, James Gandolfini, Chris Penn, Tom Sizemore, Bronson Pinchot and Saul Rubinek. Music is by Hans Zimmer and cinematography by Jeffery L. Kimball. \r\n\r\nComic book store clerk Clarence Worley (Slater) falls in love with call girl Alabama Whitman (Arquette) when she turns up at the movie theatre as one of his birthday presents. Marriage is quick but as the whirlwind romance gathers apace, complications quickly follow in the form of psycho drug dealers and the mob! \r\n\r\nIt's still speculated on how True Romance would have panned out had Tarantino directed his own screenplay, but really in the grand scheme of things it doesn't matter. For True Romance is a wildly exciting fusion of lovers on the lam premise with violence a go go thrills. \r\n\r\nDirector Scott did a bang up job bringing Tarantino's screenplay to life, even making a couple of narrative changes that suits (QT agrees) the picture no end. People often get hung up on the fact that Scott had previously helmed Top Gun, Beverly hills Cop II and Days of Thunder, citing these as reasons that Scott was wrong for the material, yet the film he did immediately before True Romance was The Last Boy Scout, a thrilling and muscular actioner that pings with sharp savvy dialogue scripted by Shane Black. It was the perfect trial run for True Romance, and Scott proved to be a wise and cohesive choice for the material. He also expertly marshalled a large ensemble cast, garnering career high turns from Slater and Arquette in the process. \r\n\r\nAlmost everything clicks into place on True Romance, it never lacks for kinetic thrills or edge of the seat drama. In turn it likes to grab you around the throat with some wince inducing violence, cunningly drawing you in to root for a couple of lovers who will do anything for each other, while simultaneously causing carnage for all they come into contact with. There's odd ball characters galore (Oldman and Pitt excelling in this area), exquisite set-pieces and dialogue so sharp you could cut a steak with it. From conversations between Clarence and his imaginary Elvis (Kilmer) mentor, to iconography unbound with one of the 90s great sequences that sees Walken's mob boss verbally joust with Hopper as Clarence's stoic father, it's a film as rich in the art of vocal acting as it is in eye splintering gloss. All that and it's a clinically beautiful love story as well! \r\n\r\nA wet dream fantasy of QT for sure, and if you wanna be churlish? Then there should have been more room made for Sizemore and Penn's glorious coppers. Hell we could even complain about the editing being a touch too slam-bang at times\u2026But nah! Small complaints be damned, the meeting of Tarantino the writer and Scott the director delivers neo-noir goodies galore. In fact it's a film that just gets better with age. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Rob T", "content": "Can't believe I haven't seen this movie until now. My neighbor could not believe I never saw this movie, and suggested I watch it A.S.A.P.! I did and loved it! This is a _**must see**_ Star-Studded movie. One of Quentin Tarantino best works."}], "recommandations_id": [241, 379, 1900, 8012]}