{"tmdb_id": 32008, "title": "Baby Boy Frankie", "original_title": "Blast of Silence", "slug_title": "baby-boy-frankie", "date": "1961-03-31", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Le tueur \u00e0 gages Frank Bono revient \u00e0 New York, la veille de No\u00ebl, pour ex\u00e9cuter un contrat : il doit imp\u00e9rativement liquider un petit \"ca\u00efd\" d\u00e9sormais ind\u00e9sirable. Il s'entoure de mille pr\u00e9cautions et surveille attentivement sa future victime. Mais, il va rencontrer de vieilles connaissances, dont Lorrie, qu'il semble avoir aim\u00e9 autrefois. Il prend contact avec Big Ralph qui doit lui procurer l'arme du meurtre, mais la rencontre avec celui-ci tourne mal. Frank finit par assassiner Big Ralph avec le fil d'un t\u00e9l\u00e9phone. D\u00e9sormais menac\u00e9, Frank cherche \u00e0 fuir avec Lorrie et ne veut plus remplir ses engagements. La fille refuse : Frank se ravise et finit par abattre le gangster. Il pr\u00e9vient ses commanditaires de l'accomplissement en bonne et due forme de son travail, mais au moment d'\u00eatre pay\u00e9, il est pris en chasse, tu\u00e9 et abandonn\u00e9 dans un marais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/205PMyBIFzz7isq0D1s9tQbhKnR.jpg", "actors": ["Allen Baron (Frank Bono)", "Molly McCarthy (Lori)", "Larry Tucker (Big Ralph)", "Bill DePrato (Joe Boniface)", "Peter H. Clune (Troiano)", "Danny Meehan (Petey)", "Lionel Stander (Narrator (uncredited))", "Joe Bubbico (Body Guard)", "Gil Rogers (Gangster)", "Ruth Kaner (Cleaning Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Hate of Harlem. \r\n\r\nBlast of Silence is written and directed by Allen Baron, he also stars along with Molly McCarthy, Larry Tucker and Peter Clume. Music is by Meyer Kupferman and cinematography by Merrill Brody. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s Christmas week and hit man Frankie Bono (Baron) blows into New York City from Cleveland to take out a mobster who has gotten above his station. Casing locales and plotting his course of action, Frankie is shaken out of his dead cold approach to his work by a couple of faces from his past\u2026 \r\n\r\nBlast of Silence beats a black heart, stripped down to the basics it\u2019s a film about one man who hasn\u2019t known what it is like to be human. Frankie Bono is case study of self-loathing, of how to hate everything around him, his biggest crime may not actually be the hits he carries out with cold blooded efficiency, but that of being born in the first place. But now Frankie, in all his miserable glory, has strolled into the Big Apple and hitched a ride to noirville, and those well balanced ice chips on his shoulders are starting to melt. \r\n\r\nThe air is pungent, reeking of fatalism, pessimism and of course nihilism. New York City is a place of towering construction wonders, we can see that, but Baron and Brody film it as a foreboding entity, with a cold grey veneer befitting our hit man rattled out of his cemented equilibrium. The constant gravel voiced narration by Lionel Stander is in the second person, it\u2019s also in Frankie\u2019s head, mocking him, reminding him of failures and pitfalls, of impending misery. While over the top is Kupferman\u2019s jazzy score, where at times it\u2019s like a panzer attack (that ferocious double bass is just magnificent), at others a melancholic lament to a life never lived. \r\n\r\nThe low budget and use of every day Joe actors helps keep the film grounded, which is just perfect for the tale. There\u2019s no need for histrionics or visual tricks here, Baron and Brody use the naturalism of the actors and the city surrounds to great effect, covering proceedings in a semi-documentary style. Blast of Silence is a hard picture, it isn\u2019t trying to cheer you up, this is not a Christmas movie for annual pleasures. From the super opening of a speeding train birthing out of a tunnel, to the bleak finale, it\u2019s a film noir movie of considerable class. Don\u2019t let anyone tell you film noir ended in 1958\u2026 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25551, 36332, 29470, 35017], "youtube_key": "c6PbJbaDAyk"}