{"tmdb_id": 320006, "title": "Taxi T\u00e9h\u00e9ran", "original_title": "\u062a\u0627\u06a9\u0633\u06cc", "slug_title": "taxi-teheran", "date": "2015-04-15", "genre": ["Documentaire / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Install\u00e9 au volant de son taxi, Jafar Panahi sillonne les rues anim\u00e9es de T\u00e9h\u00e9ran. Au gr\u00e9 des passagers qui se succ\u00e8dent et se confient \u00e0 lui, le r\u00e9alisateur dresse le portrait de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 iranienne entre rires et \u00e9motion...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dSbVY6EmcU5jkHRSvmzFlvj9n9H.jpg", "actors": ["Jafar Panahi (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Roaming around Tehran in a taxi for 80 minutes.\r\n\r\nThis is one of the unique film, and the filmmaking I have seen. It is a docudrama, starred and directed by Jafar Panahi. It is my first film of his and I'm very impressed. I also learnt he was banned from making movies and to leave the country since last 5 years. But he took all the legal route possible to keep making them, and this movie is the result of it. He had made a couple of them before this, but with this he came outdoors to capture the streets of the Iranian capital.\r\n\r\nThis movie entirely set in a taxi, well, the cameras never leaves the car, but car roams around the city, Tehran. A real time movie that runs for nearly 80 minutes. There's no open or the end credits other than the title texts and some statements. The story was very interesting, that I don't know whether it was scripted or factual, but the planning was so good to shoot it in a low profile.\r\n\r\nAll the actors except the director were non pros. That definitely needs a loud applaud, because the outcome tells the quality of their exhibition. It gives a glimpse of the life as a taxi driver who sees the city through his eyes and meets the people. Some scenes were extremely funny, some were dark humours and some were thoughtful. Each time when a new character enters the frame, a new topic has brought with them and discussed, that mean the movie is totally engaging with a variety that keeps you hooked till the final.\r\n\r\n> \"We already have the world record of hangings after China.\"\r\n\r\nI think the end was very smart, because of that kind of conclusion and no post-production credits, I thought that's how the archives were smuggled out of the country and made it ready. But no one knows the truth how it all has been done, otherwise Jafar Panahi would have landed in a trouble. A rare gem and one of the best of 2015 that you must try it if you are a film fanatic.\r\n\r\nInitially, I mean before decide to watch it, I was not sure it will reach my expectations. When I sat for it, the experience was different and now I am extremely happy for giving it a try. Opinion might vary about the film, but the effort must be appreciated. Especially in a circumstance where the filmmaker has everything against him, I meant legally, but came strong in what he believes is his passion. That is inspiring and also for a risk he has taken really paid off.\r\n\r\nIt won a few Internation Filmfare awards and that's how I actually came to know about this. I'm positive this film won't disappoint you as well, well, if you are not looking for twists and turns like an intelligent or a big budget film. As I said, I could have not asked a better than this, a very simple yet entertaining movie.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [314402, 160068, 265228, 283703], "youtube_key": "eM2tblIkL4g"}