{"tmdb_id": 32027, "title": "Carny", "original_title": "Carny", "slug_title": "carny", "date": "1980-05-23", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Fatigu\u00e9 d'\u00eatre une serveuse petite ville, Donna part avec le dernier spectacle de carnaval, vivant avec des artistes Frankie et Patch dans un climat tendu, triangle \u00e9motionnel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u2o2t4C6cqCigZtaHE2rYrkXWvP.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Busey (Frankie)", "Jodie Foster (Donna)", "Robbie Robertson (Patch)", "Meg Foster (Gerta)", "Kenneth McMillan (Heavy St. John)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (On-Your-Mark)", "Tim Thomerson (Doubles)", "Teddy Wilson (Nails)", "John Lehne (Skeet)", "Bill McKinney (Marvin Dill)", "Bert Remsen (Delno Baptiste)", "Craig Wasson (Mickey)", "Fred Ward (Jack)", "Woodrow Parfrey (W. C. Hannon)", "Alan Braunstein (Willie Mae)", "Tina Andrews (Sugaree)", "Jordan Cael (Flame)", "John Cassidy (Harry the Hat)", "Margaret Jo Lee (Pagan Knight)", "William S. Bartman (Hi-Striker)", "Terry Beaver (Trucker)", "Dani Dembrosky (Skinny)", "Robert Douqui (Jerry)", "George Emerson (Fat Man)", "Bob Hannah (Tough #1)", "Cathi Harrer (Cheryl)", "Anita Haynes (Waitress)", "Nancy Hazeltine (Lesbian Girl)", "Robert Kent (Cook)", "Jack Howard Kitchens Jr. (Tough #3)", "Charles Christian Levy Sr. (Tough #2)", "Virginia Logan (Ticket Seller)", "Jerry Lyles (Mark)", "Noelle Massina (Noelle)", "Nomi Mitty (Eight Color Girl)", "Sirl Myhand (Carl)", "Greg Oliver (Cop)", "Randal Patrick (Mark)", "Tony C. Petrea (Tough #5)", "Jeannie Rapp (Twin #2)", "Elijah Christopher Perry (Trucker)", "Mary Siceloff (Georgene)", "Albert Smith (Old Farmer)", "Trisha Tiedemann (Trish)", "Janet Thomas (Twin #1)", "Janet Wieringa (Lesbian #2)", "E. Devan Young (Tough #4)", "Emmett Bejano (Alligator Skin Man)", "Percilla Bejano (Monkey Girl)", "Elaina Doucet (Contortionist)", "Jimmy Rapp (Contortionist / Sword Swallower)", "Johann K. Petursson (Giant)", "Pete Terhune (Fire Eater Dwarf)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Oldmoviegal", "content": "Carny is like a documentary inside a film. The movie revolves around the carnies and their day to day operations and personal lives.\r\nJodie Foster stars as Donna, a bored 18 year old small town waitress who dreams of more excitement. One night while attending the local carnival with her jock boyfriend (played by character actor Craig Wasson), she is singled out in the crowd while her boyfriend is engaging in a game of Dunk The Bozo. The Bozo in question is Frankie,played by Gary Busey, who sits in a dunk tank waiting for the 'marks' (victims of hustlers) to throw the balls that hit the spot so that he falls into the water. There are other hustlers too that each run their own game. Keeping everything under control is Patch,played by legendary guitarist and songwriting musician Robbie Robertson,who as his character's name suggests,patches things over from everything to paying off city officials to organizing plans with the local crime boss.\r\nProblems arise when Frankie tells Patch that Donna will be accompanying them along the circuit. Patch is not pleased and organizes a plan to get Donna out of the picture. A series of mishaps ensue,which Patch blames on Donna. Patch then tries to tell the man running the strip tent that Donna can 'work strong ' meaning take her clothes off rather than be a back up dancer for the strippers,as Donna thinks she will be that evening. A riot breaks out and Patch realizes that he went too far after Donna gets hurt. Further tensions arise when Frankie catches Donna and Patch in flagrante one night. Patch and Frankie are at odds but not for long. A surprise ending rounds out this film but it is left wide open with room for a sequel that didn't ever materialize.\r\nAll in all, Carny is a good depiction of the lives of carnival workers and their respective con artist attitudes."}], "recommandations_id": [89125, 81931]}