{"tmdb_id": 32021, "title": "The Night Strangler", "original_title": "The Night Strangler", "slug_title": "the-night-strangler", "date": "1973-01-16", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Crime"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "After being run out of Las Vegas, Kolchak heads for Seattle and another reporting job with the local paper. It's not long before he is on the trail of another string of bizarre murders. It seems that every 21 years, for the past century, a killer kills a certain number of people, drains them of their blood and then disappears into the night. Kolchak is on his trail, but can he stop him?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xp3rvEEb9PsCBYeF6swCE7aIlMN.jpg", "actors": ["Darren McGavin (Carl Kolchak)", "Jo Ann Pflug (Louise Harper)", "Simon Oakland (Tony Vincenzo)", "Scott Brady (Capt. Schubert)", "Wally Cox (Mr. Berry)", "Margaret Hamilton (Prof. Crabwell)", "John Carradine (Llewellyn Crossbinder)", "Al Lewis (Tramp)", "Nina Wayne (Charisma Beauty)", "Virginia Peters (Wilma Krankheimer)", "Kate Murtagh (Janie Watkins)", "Ivor Francis (Dr. Webb)", "Diane Shalet (Joyce Gabriel)", "Anne Randall (Policewoman Sheila)", "Francoise Birnheim (Restaurant Woman)", "Regina Parton (Merissa - Ethel Parker)", "Richard Anderson (Dr. Richard Malcolm)", "George Tobias (Stacks / Jimmy Stackhaus (scenes deleted))", "George DiCenzo (Underground Tour Guide (uncredited))", "Bill McLean (Charlie the Bartender (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I just saw your \"so-called killer\" wipe up the street with your so-called police force!\r\n\r\nAfter the success the previous year of The Night Stalker, Carl Kolchak (Darren McGavin) returns for another feature film. The intrepid reporter with a quip on the lips and a disdain for the unbelievers in the suit wearing echelons, is now in Seattle and quickly realises that the current spate of killings are more than just the work of a serial killer. But can he convince the authorities of this?\r\n\r\nThe formula is exactly the same here, Kolchak simultaneously locks horns with his editor and all the law enforcement people in his arc. He does a voice over for us, proves to be clearly better than the law officers in charge of the case, drops sarcasm as pearls of wisdom, and of course has charisma in abundance. The difference here is that the villain, elegantly played by Richard Anderson, has a voice, a sort of Count Dracula for the modern setting, a Eugene Tooms in embryonic form, he's a great villain and this in turn gives Kolchack more to get his teeth into. Of course the ending is never in doubt, but there's a whole bunch of fun and 70s style scares to enjoy during the ride. \r\n\r\nJoining the ever enjoyable McGavin are Jo Ann Pflug, Simon Oakland (again great foil for McGavin), Scott Brady, Wally Cox, Margaret Hamilton and John Carradine. A TV series would follow, such was the popularity of the character and its monster of the week formula, and it would influence none other than The X-Files some years down the line. Kolchack, legacy earned and warranted. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Every 21 years a formidable strangler is on the loose in Seattle\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN EARLY 1973 and directed by Dan Curtis, \"The Night Strangler\" chronicles events in Seattle when the strangled bodies of several young women are found. Intrepid reporter Carl Kolchak (Darren McGavin) discovers that the same kinds of murders occur every 21 years dating back to the late 1800s.  Simon Oakland plays Kolchak\u2019s bellowing boss while Jo Ann Pflug appears as a genial belly dancer who assists Carl. Scott Brady plays the police captain while Wally Cox is on hand as a helpful scribe. Richard Anderson has a key role.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Night Strangler\u201d was the follow-up to the highly successful \u201cThe Night Stalker\u201d (1972) and led to a series that ran for one season from 1974-1975 (20 episodes), not to mention numerous Kolchak books. The two pilot movies are the best of the batch and established the template (formula) for the series and books.\r\n\r\nLike the first film, there\u2019s a lot of intrigue, action, ravishing women, horror and suspense, plus a percussion-oriented jazzy score that\u2019s even better. \u201cThe Night Strangler\u201d adds a little effective comedy and the antagonist is more complicated. The underground lair is mysterious and the mummified family is creepy, but the details of the alchemist\u2019s elixir and strategy seem contrived.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s good to have Kolchak team-up with someone (cutie Pflug), which rarely happens in the ensuing series, but it was welcome when it did (\u201cThe Energy Eater\u201d and \u201cDemon in Lace\u201d). There are a few peripheral beauties (Regina Parton, Nina Wayne and Francoise Birnheim), which the rest of the series mostly lacked, except for the debut episode, \u201cThe Ripper,\u201d and \"The Werewolf.\"\r\n\r\nSince this is a TV flick from the early 70s don\u2019t expect much gore.        \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 90 minutes (with the original TV release more streamlined at 74 minutes) and was shot in Seattle and the Bradbury Building in downtown, Los Angeles, with studio work done at 20th Century Fox Studios. WRITER: Richard Matheson (teleplay) & Jeffrey Grant Rice (characters & formula).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [15360, 49786, 33480, 107920], "youtube_key": "notfound"}