{"tmdb_id": 320588, "title": "Hello, My Name Is Doris", "original_title": "Hello, My Name Is Doris", "slug_title": "hello-my-name-is-doris", "date": "2015-11-27", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Une femme qui a la soixantaine a une relation amoureuse avec un jeune salari\u00e9 de l'entreprise o\u00f9 elle travaille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/46QADMsrkeqYeGipvskZReB5H8C.jpg", "actors": ["Sally Field (Doris Miller)", "Max Greenfield (John Fremont)", "Beth Behrs (Brooklyn)", "Stephen Root (Todd)", "Natasha Lyonne (Sally)", "Kumail Nanjiani (Nasir)", "Wendi McLendon-Covey (Cynthia)", "Rich Sommer (Robert)", "Peter Gallagher (Willy Williams)", "Tyne Daly (Roz)", "Elizabeth Reaser (Dr. Edwards)", "Isabella Acres (Vivian)", "Kyle Mooney (Niles)", "Caroline Aaron (Val)", "Rebecca Wisocky (Anne)", "Amy Okuda (Des)", "Don Stark (Uncle Frank)", "Nnamdi Asomugha (Shaka)", "Anna Akana (Blog Girl)", "Emilie Germain (Stevie)", "Jack Antonoff ()", "Sophia Hasmik (Ines)", "Rayman Jilani (Office Cubicle Worker)", "Catherine Kresge (Fiona)", "A.J. Ackleson (Hipster Turkey Man)", "Lee Chen (Nurse #1)", "Kale Clauson (Pink Guy)", "Kate Comer (Hipster Girl)", "Bren Coombs (Hipster)", "Sharon Fredrickson (Willow)", "Tatiana Golykh (Office worker)", "Nick Hentsch (Record Store Patron)", "Abraham Lim (Kris)", "Edmund Lupinski (Priest)", "Norma Michaels (Doris's Mother)", "Renna Nightingale (Indie Girl)", "Eric Pumphrey (Indie Guy)", "Brenna Rhea (Punk Girl)", "Roz Ryan (Nurse 2)", "Guilherme Scarabelot (Keith)", "Shondale Seymour (Book Seller)", "Leilani Smith (Jogger - Dayplayer)", "Michael Terra (Sawyer)", "Susan Ziegler (Prim Organizer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Never too late to fall in love!\r\n\r\nOn the budget of one million and the entire film was shot in less than a month, with not so marketable cast, I would say this film really did great. Critically acclaimed, film fanatics and people enjoyed it, as well as a wonderful box office against its spending. I loved the story which was obviously very simple in the line of 'Harold and Maude', but matured characters and well explored theme.\r\n\r\nSurely the character Doris was specially created Sally Field. She was amazing with other supporting cast. She as a 60 year old falling in love with a younger man who recently joined her office. And so the remaining film reveals how the story evolves with lots of enjoyable comedy sequences.\r\n\r\nThe music was good, especially the costumes of Doris, very colourful. How long we're going to watch the same old, old man romancing a young woman. This reverse was actually a less explore compared to that and this one is very pleasing in all the departments. One of the cute little romance-drama from the 2015 and you should try it if you're looking for a refresher.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [284286, 337154, 177906, 309304]}