{"tmdb_id": 32051, "title": "Course contre l'enfer", "original_title": "Race with the Devil", "slug_title": "course-contre-l-enfer", "date": "1975-06-01", "genre": "Horreur / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Franck, Roger et leurs \u00e9pouses partent en plein hiver pour des vacances en camping-car. Ils sillonnent les routes dans la r\u00e9gion d'Amarillo \u00e0 la recherche d'ind\u00e9pendance et de libert\u00e9. Leur r\u00eave d'\u00e9vasion se voit contrari\u00e9 par un groupe de sataniques surpris en pleine c\u00e9r\u00e9monie et sacrifiant une jeune fille sous leurs yeux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jZTyXadx2oTVgBMNHuwIsgOi64H.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Fonda (Roger Marsh)", "Warren Oates (Frank Stewart)", "Loretta Swit (Alice Stewart)", "Lara Parker (Kelly Marsh)", "R.G. Armstrong (Sheriff Taylor)", "Clay Tanner (Delbert)", "Phil Hoover (Mechanic)", "Ricci Ware (Ricci Ware)", "Paul A. Partain (Cal Mathers)", "James N. Harrell (Gun Shop Owner)", "Karen Miller (Kay)", "Arkey Blue (Arkey Blue)", "Jack Starrett (Gas Station Attendant)", "Wes Bishop (Deputy Dave)", "Dan Hewitt Owens (Jay)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Get your motors running, get out on the highway. Because Old Nick is coming to get yah!\r\n\r\nRace with the Devil is directed by Jack Starrett and written by Wes Bishop and Lee Frost. It stars Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, Loretta Swit, Lara Parker and R.G. Armstrong. A Panavision/ DeLuxe Colour production, music is by Leonard Rosenman and cinematography by Robert Jessop.\r\n\r\nTwo vacationing couples have to flee for their lives when they witness a ritualistic slaying by occultists.\r\n\r\nGreat fun. A raging \"B\" movie for the 70s drive-in crowd that tapped into the decades new found taste for the occult and highway speeding. Film is cloaked with a paranoia vibe as our two frantic couples desperately try to stay out of the clutches of Satanists. Life and death confrontations come and go, and as they are never sure who is in league with the hooded blood drinkers, they have to assume that they alone must fight the good fight. It all builds to a crescendo of exciting vehicle carnage, which in turn leads to the final denouement, which quite frankly is frustratingly brilliant. Oates and Fonda entertain with brisk and airy performances, though Swit and Parker are really only directed to be screaming banshees waiting to be saved by their burly men.\r\n\r\nBest served with lashings of Bourbon and Coke, and not designed to be scrutinised for moral or ethical worth, just enjoy the ride and try and stay one step ahead of Old Nick. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27313, 41020, 19383, 38996]}