{"tmdb_id": 320736, "title": "L'histoire du g\u00e9ant timide", "original_title": "F\u00fasi", "slug_title": "l-histoire-du-geant-timide", "date": "2015-03-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A 43 ans, Fusi vit toujours chez sa m\u00e8re. Alors que son quotidien est rythm\u00e9 par une routine des plus monotones, l'irruption dans sa vie de la p\u00e9tillante Alma et de la jeune Hera va bouleverser ses habitudes de vieux gar\u00e7on...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aHtspe2TxweCI1IqZRmQsks1aV5.jpg", "actors": ["Gunnar J\u00f3nsson (F\u00fasi)", "Ilmur Kristj\u00e1nsd\u00f3ttir (Sj\u00f6fn)", "Sigurj\u00f3n Kjartansson (M\u00f6r\u00f0ur)", "Franziska Una Dagsd\u00f3ttir (Hera)", "Margr\u00e9t Helga J\u00f3hannsd\u00f3ttir (Fj\u00f3la)", "Arnar J\u00f3nsson (Rolf)", "Thorir S\u00e6mundsson (Elvar)", "Sigur\u00f0ur Karlsson ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> There comes a time for everything in life.\r\n\r\nBy seeing the poster you will get a close idea of what this film is about. Still the movie delivers with a decent storyline. The title is a metaphor of what the movie is illustrating. There's nothing to inspire from it, its just based on the facts that was rendered very realistically. Like how the overweight people are seen by their co-workers and how they are treated in society for being different in character.\r\n\r\nThis is a very good movie about a 43 year old man named F\u00fasi, who still lives with his mother. As by himself the life is so wonderful for having a decent job and a faithful friend. But reminding himself for living in the world where people have a different thought for a guy like him is what he has to worry about. That bars him from socialising and makes him a weird person. But looks like he does not care much about it or those who bully him. A guy with a good heart, but not spotted by others.\r\n\r\nThere comes a time for everything. Two girls enter his life. A little neighbour girl Hera, who instantly become his playmate and Sj\u00f6fn, a woman of his own age with a mental issue. This so exciting part of the movie, like there's always someone waiting for everyone in the world to unite with. He has to choose between being a child like Hera or to grow up and move on in life with Sj\u00f6fn. After an incident he learns what's the best, but faces complications. That's where the remaining film turns its focus, but how the tale ends is not what something we would want to see.\r\n\r\n> \"You are becoming a real chef. I guess she does not cook much.\"\r\n\r\nThese days the filmmakers try as much as they can to avoid the cliche, especially in the conclusion section. That's what I disliked in this, but still appreciate the original ending. Humanity had seen and still facing racism, issues related to gender equality, religious and LGBT discrimination, and many more. Along with all this, what this movie narrated is a very common matter to worry about from every culture and society. Like I said, it is not trying to educate us, but you can't ignore the seriousness of the film contents.\r\n\r\nThe scenes often filled with light humours. A little love story and a little play story, but overall about the life and its difficulties. This film is a glimpse of what it would be like being a different from others either by characteristically and/or by appearance. The film characters show their emotions, but sentimentally not appealing as it should have been. Usually that is what we all expect in a theme like this. I think for a narration like this that would have been so depressing. So it is not a tearjerker movie after all.\r\n\r\nIt was like 'The 40 Year Old Virgin' meets 'Terri'. A sensitive matter, a big concept in a small movie. A well written screenplay and beautifully performed, especially by the lead guy. Any professional actors would have played the role easily, but not as perfect as him. I don't remember of seeing any Icelandic movie in a long time, but I'm very pleased with this one. I would surely suggest it, before that, you should remember it is not a genuinely entertaining or a sincerely motivating film, but lies between them, that is kind of both I say.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [528741, 382751, 545423, 336222], "youtube_key": "CcQcMUlT9cg"}