{"tmdb_id": 32109, "title": "Agent secret 00.0H contre docteur Crow", "original_title": "Carry On Spying", "slug_title": "agent-secret-00-0h-contre-docteur-crow", "date": "1964-06-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une formule chimique secret a \u00e9t\u00e9 vol\u00e9 par STENCH (la Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 pour le total des humains extinction non conformes), et ainsi l'agent Simpkins et ses trois stagiaires sont sur la piste, chassant les m\u00e9chants \u00e0 travers le monde. Il y a des gadgets \u00e0 gogo, et d\u00e9guisements sont obligatoires si les h\u00e9ros sont \u00e0 gagner le jour de The Fat Man, le Dr Milchman et le Dr Corbeau!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2IaDkGbT0WCGht7QMTOQICs4flu.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth Williams (Desmond Simkins)", "Barbara Windsor (Daphne Honeybutt)", "Bernard Cribbins (Harold Crump)", "Charles Hawtrey (Charlie Bind)", "Eric Barker (The Chief)", "Dilys Laye (Lila)", "Jim Dale (Carstairs)", "Richard Wattis (Cobley)", "Eric Pohlmann (The Fat Man)", "Victor Maddern (Milchmann)", "Judith Furse (Doctor Crow)", "John Bluthal (Head Waiter/Voice of Dr Crow)", "Ren\u00e9e Houston (Funhouse Madame)", "Tom Clegg (Funhouse Doorman)", "Jack Taylor (Thug)", "Bill Cummings (Thug)", "Gertan Klauber (Code Clerk)", "Hugh Futcher (Bed-of-Nails Native)", "Frank Forsyth (Prof. Stark)", "Norman Mitchell (Native Policeman/Algerian Gent)", "Derek Sydney (Algerian Gent)", "Anthony Baird (Guard)", "Jill Mai Meredith (Cigarette Girl)", "Angela Ellison (Cloakroom Girl)", "Heather Downham (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Sally Douglas (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Marian Collins (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Maya Koumani (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Jane Lumb (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Christine Rodgers (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Vicki Smith (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Audrey Wilson (Amazon Guard (uncredited))", "Virginia Tyler (Funhouse Girl (uncredited))", "Judi Johnson (Funhouse Girl (uncredited))", "Gloria Best (Funhouse Girl (uncredited))", "Pauline Chamberlain (Train Passenger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I expected you to be a man... or a woman.\r\n\r\nThe 9th in the Carry On series, and the last to be filmed in black and white, is one of the best. It finds the gang kind of biting the hand that feeds them, Pinewood. The home of James Bond was also the home of the Carry On mob, so with Peter Rogers, Gerald Thomas and Talbot Rothwell spying an opportunity to spoof 007, they did so, whilst also revelling in the chance for some film noir dalliances, notably The Third Man.\r\n\r\nThe cast is this time headed up by Kenneth Williams, Barbara Windsor (making her Carry On debut), Bernard Cribbins and Charles Hawtrey. They are four less than stellar operatives for British Intelligence tasked with retrieving a top secret formula that has been stolen by STENCH. During their mission they are helped by Carstairs (Jim Dale), and just who or what is the mysterious organisation known as SNOG? Are they friends or in league with the evil Dr. Crow?\r\n\r\nThough dotted throughout with some written innuendo, \"Spying\" is still in touch with the more genial comedy that was evident in the early years - particularly the black and whites. This is good honest comedy, with visual exuberance and witty repartee the order of the day. Watching it now you find it holds up very well, sure it's a bit fruity and nutty, but a freshness exists here and it lets some damn fine actors loose to show their respective skills. It also looks terrific, the noir photography by Alan Hume sparkling.\r\n\r\nA prime Carry On movie for those who prefer their Carry On's more knowingly jolly than the later bawdy entries. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [21240, 32115, 32113, 26327], "youtube_key": "mVtoztPJMoM"}