{"tmdb_id": 321068, "title": "Mythica\u00a0: La Gen\u00e8se", "original_title": "Mythica: A Quest for Heroes", "slug_title": "mythica-la-genese", "date": "2014-12-08", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un guerrier, un voleur et une apprentie magicienne - Thane, Dagen et Marek - s'unissent pour lib\u00e9rer la s\u0153ur de Teela des mains d'un ogre. Tous se lancent dans une qu\u00eate remplie d'\u00e9preuves au cours de laquelle ils vont devoir affronter des cr\u00e9atures mal\u00e9fiques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3Wz15vPjgN3avkMMD6nkVjS4Kf7.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Sorbo (Gojun Pye)", "Melanie Stone (Marek)", "Nicola Posener (Teela)", "Adam Johnson (Thane)", "Jake Stormoen (Dagen)", "Christopher Robin Miller (Hammerhead)", "Robert Jayne (Peregus Malister)", "Natalie Devine Riskas (Caeryn)", "Kee Chan (Mekru Nom)", "Jay Beacham (Temple Elder)", "Sebastian Michael Barr (Egan)", "Michael Flynn (Vagamal)", "James C. Morris (Rawhead)", "Lauren Spalding (Ana-Sett)", "Ryan Palmer (Kishkumen)", "Clare Niederpruem (Tersa)", "Angella Joy (Narne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 2014 and directed by Anne K. Black, \"Mythica: A Quest for Heroes\" is a fantasy/adventure about a limping servant with blossoming magical powers named Merek (Melanie Stone), who rounds up a noble warrior, Thane (Adam Johnson), and a miscreant lothario, Dagen (Jake Stormoen), to help the priestess, Teela (Nicola Posener), find her sister (Natalie Devine Riskas), who was taken captive by a brutal ogre. Kevin Sorbo has a glorified cameo.  \r\n\r\nThe story takes place in a Medieval-like world where magic, ogres, elves, trolls and other fantasy creatures are real. If you can imagine a film like \u201cThe Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring\u201d (2001) or \"Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God\" (2005), but made on a mere budget of $94,294 you'd have a good idea of what to expect with \"Mythica: A Quest for Heroes.\" Personally, I like it better than those movies for several reasons and the production quality is surprisingly at least as good as the latter film (which cost a whopping $15,000,000 by comparison).\r\n\r\nFor one, it has a quality cast with two phenomenal female protagonists: Posener is just jaw-dropping sharp and Stone is a winsomely petite cutie. The Utah locations are diverse and magnificent and the varied score is phenomenal with kinetic percussion-oriented pieces. Perhaps best of all, the story is quick-paced and compelling with worthy characters.                                 \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 32 minutes. WRITERS: Anne K. Black, Jason Faller and Kynan Griffin.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [347096, 370687, 388191, 401689], "youtube_key": "bg_t3y3zoMQ"}