{"tmdb_id": 32113, "title": "Le Coll\u00e8ge s'en va-t-en guerre", "original_title": "Carry On Teacher", "slug_title": "le-college-s-en-va-t-en-guerre", "date": "1959-08-25", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Pr\u00e9parez-vous \u00e0 six des meilleurs que le Carry On \u00e9quipe la cause chaos dans la cour de l'\u00e9cole. Quand un directeur bien aim\u00e9 d\u00e9cide de prendre sa retraite, ses \u00e9l\u00e8ves intrigants ont d'autres id\u00e9es. Les gar\u00e7ons rus\u00e9s d\u00e9cha\u00eener une campagne de farces, arm\u00e9s de gin, la puissance de d\u00e9mangeaisons et des bombes! Personne n'est \u00e0 l'abri des ravages de la classe dans ce Carry On mettant en vedette tous les habitu\u00e9s, y compris l'immortel Kenneth Williams, Charl", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sB7TuieJrkplttoiGSr2BHvdEtN.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth Connor (Gregory Adams)", "Charles Hawtrey (Michael Bean)", "Leslie Phillips (Alistair Grigg)", "Joan Sims (Sarah Allcock)", "Kenneth Williams (Edwin Milton)", "Hattie Jacques (Grace Short)", "Rosalind Knight (Felicity Wheeler)", "Cyril Chamberlain (Alf Hudson)", "Ted Ray (William 'Wakie' Wakefield, the Headmaster)", "George Howell (Billy Haig - Saboteur)", "Diana Beevers (Penelope 'Penny' Lee - Saboteur)", "Jacqueline Lewis (Pat Gordon - Saboteur)", "Roy Hines (Harry Bird - Saboteur)", "Carol White (Sheila Dale - Saboteur)", "Richard O'Sullivan (Robin Stevens - Saboteur)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ding Dong and Allcock.\r\n\r\nThe third of the Carry On series finds the gang up to their necks in strife at Maudlin Street Secondary Modern School. Headmaster William Wakefield (Ted Ray) is a fine and good man who doesn't believe in corporal punishment, this has endeared him to the children of the school. However, he is considering moving on to another school to further his career, but first he has to oversee the arrival of two school inspectors and hope all goes smoothly. Fat chance of that happening, the kids have got wind or Wakefield wanting to leave and start to sabotage everything, with the teachers suffering the brunt of things.\r\n\r\n\"Teacher\" is a warm hearted entry in the series, choosing prat-falls and genial set-pieces for its comedy. The teachers bicker and crack under the strain of the kids pranks and sabotages, while there's also a couple of nice romantic threads bubbling away. Also of note is the not so sly debate on corporal punishment, Wakefield is firmly against it, while robust Maths teacher Grace Short (Hattie Jacques) is the other end of the scale - she's cane mad! There's a feminist angle as well, adding some more depth to Norman Hudis' screenplay.\r\n\r\nUltimately though it's about the laughs, about the chaos, and watching the series regulars go about their way with skill and tongues in cheek. A hit at the box office, Carry On Teacher is quintessentially an early Carry On movie, with wry social observations and a harmless naivety towards the education system, there's not much to dislike here. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [21240, 32109, 24570, 32115]}