{"tmdb_id": 32115, "title": "Continuer malgr\u00e9 tout", "original_title": "Carry On Regardless", "slug_title": "continuer-malgre-tout", "date": "1961-04-04", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Il est \u00e9bats non-stop comme Carry On \u00e9quipe livrer la marchandise dans l'une des plus rudes et les plus dr\u00f4les du Carry On films. Le casting sont tous en pleine forme comme une bande de non-tr\u00e9mies qui se joignent \u00e0 une agence dans la recherche d'un emploi. L'anarchie monte comme ils le font une s\u00e9rie de petits boulots, y compris une partie de th\u00e9 chimpanz\u00e9s, en essayant de rester sobre \u00e0 une d\u00e9gustation de vin et de d\u00e9molir une maison.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z9XJwIj2rxUG5LcMQb7eObvU1Fl.jpg", "actors": ["Sid James (Bert Handy)", "Kenneth Connor (Sam Twist)", "Charles Hawtrey (Gabriel Dimple)", "Joan Sims (Lily Duveen)", "Kenneth Williams (Francis Courtenay)", "Bill Owen (Mike Weston)", "Liz Fraser (Delia King)", "Terence Longdon (Montgomery Infield-Hopping)", "Hattie Jacques (Sister)", "Esma Cannon (Miss Cooling)", "Sydney Tafler (Strip Club Manager)", "Julia Arnall (Trudy Trelawney)", "Terence Alexander (Trevor Trelawney)", "Stanley Unwin (Landlord)", "Joan Hickson (Matron)", "Freddie Mills (Lefty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In safe hands.\r\n\r\nA bunch of out of work folk are delighted when several positions come onto the market at the Helping Hands Agency...\r\n\r\nAs most reviews attest to, this fifth Carry On film barely has a plot to get your hands on. Pic basically takes the seven members of the agency through a series of vignettes, the jobs they are assigned to do ranging from chimp walking to modelling underwear! \r\n\r\nEach slot allows for some amiable comedic opportunity, the best of which finds Joan Sims getting sloshed at a wine tasting function, Charles Hawtrey landing in a boxing match with a hulking brute, Kenneth Connor involved in a 39 Steps parody, and all of the workers pitched into chaos during an Ideal Homes Exhibition. Back at the Helping Hands office Sid James and his secretary Esma Cannon are flummoxed by the continuous appearance of Stanley Unwin talking his gobbledygook, which all leads to the big finale as the whole cast get to have a grand old time of things. While as usual there's fun to be had spotting the future stars of British TV and film who pop up in cameos.\r\n\r\nCarry On Regardless finds the creators on safe and amiable ground. It's no high point of the series but it's good fun and lets some under valued comic actors work their respective charms. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [21240, 32109, 32113, 24570]}