{"tmdb_id": 32143, "title": "Un Colt pour une corde", "original_title": "Billy Two Hats", "slug_title": "un-colt-pour-une-corde", "date": "1974-03-07", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Pendant le casse d'une banque, deux bandits tuent accidentelement un homme. Captur\u00e9s, ils arrivent \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper de leur prison mais l'un d'eux est bless\u00e9 \u00e0 la jambe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rGFGcjOkWJ2XXYUUth31iMiJDQF.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Arch Deans)", "Desi Arnaz Jr. (Billy Two Hats)", "Jack Warden (Sheriff Henry Gifford)", "David Huddleston (Copeland)", "Sian Barbara Allen (Esther Spencer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Outlaw and The Breed. \r\n\r\nBilly Two Hats is directed by Ted Kotcheff and written by Alan Sharp. It stars Gregory Peck, Desi Arnaz Junior, Jack Warden, David Huddleston and Sian Barbara. Music is by John Scott and cinematography by Brian West. \r\n\r\nInteresting. Peck plays a grizzled Scottish outlaw and Arnaz Jr. the half-breed Indian of film\u2019s title. They rob banks and have a sort of father and son relationship as they try to escape from vengeful racist Sheriff Gifford (Warden). So in essence it\u2019s a buddy Western, albeit one that\u2019s a bit off-beat and has grand ideas to be a religio parable of sorts. \r\n\r\nUnfortunately away from the unusual casting decisions which happen to entertain, it\u2019s immeasurably dull on narrative terms and blandly photographed (in Israel) into the bargain. It\u2019s not hard to see why it flopped upon release to theatres.  \r\n\r\nThe sporadic action passages are adequately performed, and the intentional humour hits the required mark, but by the time the boorish inter-racial relationship comes to the fore, you may find it hard to stay awake. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43119, 32142, 86194, 44766]}