{"tmdb_id": 321697, "title": "Steve Jobs", "original_title": "Steve Jobs", "slug_title": "steve-jobs", "date": "2015-10-09", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Situ\u00e9 dans les coulisses de trois lancements de produits embl\u00e9matiques et se terminant en 1998 avec le d\u00e9voilement de l'iMac, Steve Jobs nous entra\u00eene dans les coulisses de la r\u00e9volution num\u00e9rique pour peindre un portrait intime de l'homme brillant \u00e0 son \u00e9picentre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/studw5LKLzIcvWnuLoOahjgHAto.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Fassbender (Steve Jobs)", "Kate Winslet (Joanna Hoffman)", "Seth Rogen (Steve Wozniak)", "Katherine Waterston (Chrisann Brennan)", "Jeff Daniels (John Sculley)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Andy Hertzfeld)", "Makenzie Moss (Lisa Jobs (5 Years Old))", "Sarah Snook (Andrea Cunningham)", "Adam Shapiro (Avie Tevanian)", "John Ortiz (Joel Pforzheimer)", "Perla Haney-Jardine (Lisa Jobs (19 Years Old))", "Steven Wiig (Bill Martin)", "Ripley Sobo (Lisa Brennan (9))", "John Steen (Mike Markkula)", "Stan Roth (George Coates)", "Mihran Slougian (Jandali)", "Tony Toste (Matt McKlusky)", "Lena Avgust (Steve's Stage Manager (uncredited))", "Diogo Hausen (Stage Hand (uncredited))", "Apeksha Pradhan (1998 Launch Attendee (uncredited))", "Alex Phillip (Apple Gen-Xer (uncredited))", "Lana Palmer (Straggler (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Pretty impressive narration, a better version out there for now.\r\n\r\nUS film or UK film is not an issue, but the real question was the second movie required? Plenty of films are made in a short period of gap about the same person like 'Infamous' and 'Capote', themes like 'Olympus Has Fallen' and 'White House Down', and sometimes remakes like 'Deaths at a Funeral' from other film industries. So the history says audience accepts only they are different from each other and so this film was, but very very sad it bombed at the box office.\r\n\r\nLike everybody I was not interested in this, even though it was from a renowned filmmaker. But after watching it now, I felt I was terribly wrong. Actually, this is the best version so far about the Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs. It was entirely a different narration than the previous one, everything was like the backstage drama that takes place before every product launch. That means most of the film was shot in the auditoriums and its corridor, parking lot, rooftop, and other surround places.\r\n\r\nAll the affairs like family, friends, co-founders, business, troubles et cetera are brought into one place and dealt there itself. Surely a very cleverly written screenplay and display by the actors, especially the two Oscars nominee Michael Fassbender and Kate Winslate. Once again Danny Boyle proved his directional skill with this beautiful biopic. I did not LIKE the end scene, but LOVED it. In fact, this film's end and Ashton Kutcher film's opening scenes has a clean follow. I also felt the movie was very honest, but I don't how much since I'm not into the books to learn about the famous personalities. It's not a must see, but definitely worth a try.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [318846, 314365, 296098, 87492]}