{"tmdb_id": 321612, "title": "La Belle et la B\u00eate", "original_title": "Beauty and the Beast", "slug_title": "la-belle-et-la-bete", "date": "2017-03-16", "genre": "Familial / Fantastique / Romance", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Une nouvelle adaptation live du conte \"La Belle et la B\u00eate\".  Belle, jeune fille r\u00eaveuse et passionn\u00e9e de litt\u00e9rature, vit avec son p\u00e8re, un vieil inventeur farfelu. S'\u00e9tant perdu une nuit dans la f\u00f4ret, ce dernier se r\u00e9fugie au ch\u00e2teau de la B\u00eate, qui la jette au cachot. Ne pouvant supporter de voir son p\u00e8re emprisonn\u00e9, Belle accepte alors de prendre sa place, ignorant que sous le masque du monstre se cache un Prince Charmant tremblant d'amour pour elle, mais victime d'une terrible mal\u00e9diction.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4RJaj2C4EZn1rCCTMwWGgv9ARUC.jpg", "actors": ["Emma Watson (Belle)", "Dan Stevens (Beast)", "Luke Evans (Gaston)", "Kevin Kline (Maurice)", "Josh Gad (LeFou)", "Ewan McGregor (Lumi\u00e8re)", "Stanley Tucci (Maestro Cadenza)", "Audra McDonald (Madame Garderobe)", "Gugu Mbatha-Raw (Plumette)", "Ian McKellen (Cogsworth)", "Emma Thompson (Mrs. Potts)", "Nathan Mack (Chip Potts)", "Hattie Morahan (Agathe)", "Adrian Schiller (Monsieur D'Arque)", "Gerard Horan (Jean Potts)", "Haydn Gwynne (Clothilde)", "Ray Fearon (P\u00e8re Robert)", "Clive Rowe (Cuisinier)", "Thomas Padden (Chapeau)", "Alexis Loizon (Stanley)", "Jimmy Johnston (Tom)", "Dean Street (Dick)", "Michael Jibson (Tavern Keeper)", "Zoe Rainey (Belle's Mother)", "Jolyon Coy (Young Maurice)", "Rudi Goodman (Young Prince)", "Henry Garrett (The King)", "Harriet Jones (The Queen)", "Sophie Reid (Village Lass)", "Rafa\u00eblle Cohen (Village Lass)", "Carla Nella (Village Lass)", "Tom Oakley (Fishmonger)", "Beth Willetts (Jam Seller)", "Simone Sault (Wood Carrier)", "Mandy Montanez (Bread Buyer)", "Leo Andrew (Apothecary)", "Steven Butler (Cheese Maker)", "Daniel Ioannou (Barber)", "Dale Branston (Baker)", "Lynne Wilmot (Barmaid)", "Jane Fowler (Pretty Female Fishmonger)", "D.J. Bailey (Vagrant)", "Rita Davies (Enchantress Beggar Woman)", "Sharon Gomez (Cheese Maker)", "Daisy Duczmal (Baby Belle)", "Harry Marcus (School Boy)", "Oscar Francisco (School Boy)", "Kai Gordon (School Boy)", "Tom Burgering (School Boy)", "Joey Brown (School Boy)", "Freddie Hunter (School Boy)", "Daniel Daszek-Green (School Boy)", "Samuel Brown (School Boy)", "Max Brophy (School Boy)", "Skye Lucia Degruttola (Washer Girl)", "Lara Decaro (Little Girl)", "Gemma Fray (Little Girl)", "Adelaide Morgan (Little Girl\u200b)", "Timia Julien-Box (Little Girl)", "Sonoya Mizuno (Debutante)", "Abigayle Honeywill (Debutante)", "Jazz Peters (Debutante)", "Lily Frazer (Debutante)", "Stephanie Elstob (Debutante)", "Nicole O'Neill (Debutante)", "Cassie Clare (Debutante)", "Sophie Carmen-Jones (Debutante)", "Sophia Brown (Debutante)", "Leah West (Debutante)", "Naomi Weijand (Debutante)", "Jasmine Takacs (Debutante)", "Ruth Steele (Debutante)", "Lucy St Louis (Debutante)", "Katie Singh (Debutante)", "Kayla Radam (Debutante)", "Courtney Pruce (Debutante)", "Nicola Mooi (Debutante)", "Anna Momcilovic (Debutante)", "Samira Mighty (Debutante)", "Fiona McDonald (Debutante)", "Abiona Omonua (Debutante)", "Cassie Macmillian (Debutante)", "Emily Loumba (Debutante)", "Jennifer Leung (Debutante)", "Ella Kora (Debutante)", "Hannah Kenna-Thomas (Debutante)", "Billie Kay-Piper (Debutante)", "Shireen Jathoonia (Debutante)", "Blythe Jandoo (Debutante)", "Chelsea Inez (Debutante)", "Leah Hill (Debutante)", "Selina Hamilton (Debutante)", "Helen Gulstan (Debutante)", "Lucy Alexa Gilbert (Debutante)", "Cj Field (Debutante)", "Cordelia Farnworth (Debutante)", "Paige Drury-Lawrence (Debutante)", "Natalie Davis (Debutante)", "Tanya Cumberland (Debutante)", "Ava Brennan (Debutante)", "Daisy Boyles (Debutante)", "Holly Bluett (Debutante)", "Koko Basigara (Debutante)", "Sophie Atkins (Debutante)", "Gabby Antrobus (Debutante)", "Rhianne Alleyn (Debutante)", "Hayley Ainsley (Debutante)", "Danielle Acors (Debutante)", "Marina Abdeen (Debutante)", "Nathan Vaughan Harris (Male Villager)", "Ben Clare (Male Villager)", "Ben Fox (Male Villager)", "Tim Stanley (Male Villager)", "Jody Hall (Male Villager)", "Rebecca Mckinnis (Female Villager)", "Dawn Buckland (Female Villager)", "Ellen O'Grady (Female Villager)", "Alison Jenkins (Female Villager / Celebration Woman)", "Ebony Molina (Female Villager / Celebration Woman)", "Nicola Keen (Female Villager / Celebration Woman)", "Freddie August (Fiddler)", "Phil Grannel (Fiddler)", "Jak Allen-Anderson (Apothecary's Patient)", "William Bozier (Stable Boy)", "Vivien Parry (Village Lass's Mother)", "Jacqui Jameson (Cheese Maker)", "Norma Atallah (Washer Woman)", "Wendy Baldock (Washer Woman)", "Peter Challis (Butcher)", "Sandy Strallen (Cobbler)", "Jemma Alexander (Housewife)", "Chris Andrew Mellon (Nasty Headmaster)", "Alison Harding (Head Washer)", "Obioma Ugoala (Flirtatious Farmer)", "Gizmo (Froufrou)", "Alex Gillison (Villager (uncredited))", "Dan Trotter (Villager (uncredited))", "Charlotte Worwood (Villager (uncredited))", "Marat Khairoullin (Villager (uncredited))", "Johanna Smitz (Village Woman (uncredited))", "Lindy Pieri (Village Woman (uncredited))", "Tyrone Love (Village Gent (uncredited))", "Alona Leoine (Market Shopper (uncredited))", "Richard Banks (Silversmith (uncredited))", "Jeremy Cave (Baker's Boy (uncredited))", "Luke Fictitious (Singing Villager (uncredited))", "Chloe Collingwood (Village Lass (uncredited))", "Isobel Hamilton (Fishmonger / Villagewoman (uncredited))", "Rossana Silva (Village Woman / Barmaid (uncredited))", "Crystal Compton (Village Woman / Barmaid (uncredited))", "Marlonde Pierre (Village Man / Cage Seller / Lavender Seller (uncredited))", "Paul De La Rosa (Detective (uncredited))", "Clem So (Debutante's Parent (uncredited))", "Teresa Shaughnessy (Debutantes Mother (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Salt-and-Limes", "content": "**Spoilers**\r\n\r\nThe live action remake of \"Beauty and the Beast\" was good, but it failed to capture the magic of the cartoon version. There were somethings that they got right, and others that dragged on.\r\n\r\nI thought \"Be Our Guest\" was done beautifully. The 3d made it even more enchanting. The main characters' backstories also added some depth to them. However, there were some scenes that I felt added nothing to the story. Such as the search for Belle by Gaston and her father. The \"No one is like Gaston\" scene didn't have the bravado or arrogance of the original.\r\n\r\nI also felt that Luke Evans was miscast. He wasn't the handsomest guy in town, nor was he the strongest. Which is why it was hard for me to accept him as the character. Emma Watson was serviceable. Her voice was fine, but it wasn't strong enough to carry Belle's songs. Dan Stevens was the best part of the film. I felt that he should have had more songs, because he has a beautiful baritone. Although his beast costume should have been more frightening. \r\n\r\nOverall, it's a fun film to watch. Though, I wouldn't call it a classic."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Disney's done a great job with Gaston and The Beast, the two aspects that I always thought would be the most important, and the most difficult, to nail.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Only beauty would conquer the beast!**\r\n\r\nThis is not the first time screen adaptation, that means every one of us have seen either version of the films according to what generation we belong. Mine was the animated one and then there was a modern-day version called 'Beastly'. Not to forget there's a recent French version made on the big scale that I yet to watch. So it's not about the story at all. It is about the quality of film, performances, and particularly how the modern technology used to narrate the story.\r\n\r\nLike the recent Disney's live-actions 'Cinderella', 'The BFG', 'The Jungle Book' and many more, this is another excellently adapted film from the book. Though visually it tried to be true to the original, and that's absolutely great thinking. Because in this modern world, we all try something new out of the original contents for sometimes to mess it up.\r\n\r\nExcellent casting, the beauty was the best pick among all. The graphics were awesome. The CGI beast was flawless, yet that usual dark and cloudy atmosphere helped it to be so perfect. Since it is listed under Musical, I was worried about the songs. I truly don't like modern Musicals. But this film was not completely filled with songs. Yes, there were like half a dozen, but good ones. Retained the songs from the 1991 film, and in addition three new were composed.\r\n\r\nI did not think the Disney would get away with consecutive successes. Great achievement, and their attempts were very precautionary on their every step. Now this is Disney's second highest grossed film ever and first in live-action. The film was for all ages unlike old Disney films. That's the best thing about the modern Disney films that they have adopted. Definitely recommended for at least once watch it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Marypsa", "content": "JUST INCREDIBLE\r\n\r\n> I fell in love with that movie!The actors performed fantastically and the effects were so well-maid.It is a classic movie.The best Beauty and the Beast version!!The alive castle was so magical,the effects so realistic and the characters so sympathetic...It was just PERFECT!"}, {"pseudo": "dezmozegreato", "content": "What a fantastic movie with great graphics. I was amazed at how well the beast was rendered, you never had to think about the fact that it was CGI. The story kept my entire family interested and scared to leave for popcorn.  My only concern was the gay references, I don\u2019t think there was any added value other than shock, and **I don\u2019t like shock in my Disney movies**.  Moving forward, the story was easy to follow and it followed the typical Disney Princess theme perfectly. The singing was delightful and the cast did a great job making the moment real.  I think this movie will stand the test of time just as the original."}], "recommandations_id": [259316, 150689, 277834, 10020]}