{"tmdb_id": 321757, "title": "Punching Henry", "original_title": "Punching Henry", "slug_title": "punching-henry", "date": "2017-02-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Comedian Henry Phillips is lured to LA by a renowned TV producer who wants to bring his story of failure to the screen. But when a major network gets involved, Henry must decide whether he wants to make jokes for a living, or be the butt of them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/989X25XGv7r0YWB0nY3OvgNqJbx.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Phillips (Henry Phillips)", "J.K. Simmons (Jay Warren)", "Sarah Silverman (Sharon Levine)", "Mike Judge (Ed)", "Michaela Watkins (Mara)", "Tig Notaro (Jillian)", "Jim Jefferies (Charlie)", "Al Madrigal (Officer Delgado)", "Nikki Glaser (Claire the Bartender)", "Brendon Walsh (Jon)", "Mark Cohen (Stupid Joe)", "Stephanie Allynne (Zoe)", "Clifton Collins Jr. (Dramatic Actor)", "Wayne Federman (Carl Rohmer)", "Ginger Gonzaga (Erica)", "Amy Hill (Adjudicator)", "Adam Nee (Funny Guitar Boy)", "Fredrick Burns (Traffic Cop)", "Angela Trimbur (Sascha)", "Ashley Johnson (Danielle)", "Doug Stanhope (Cab Dispatcher)", "Derek Waters (Dave the Producer)", "Ellen Ratner (Ellen Pinksy)", "Myq Kaplan (Zack)", "Matt Kirshen (Matt)", "Ed Berke (Manager)", "Brittnee Braun (Bachelorette #1)", "Sidney Brown Jr. (E-Z Cab Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The tale of a talented loser!**\r\n\r\nI haven't seen 'The Clown', but 'Henry' was so awesome. It was like only a better version of 'Inside Llewyn Davis'. A small film like this going un-noticed is common, but I want you to check it out. It's not just that, but it was totally underrated as well. Believe me, it will be one of the best B movie you would ever see.\r\n\r\nHenry Phillips is a stand-up comedian-come-musician. He has lots of stage hits, but still not yet there as successful as one would consider. Suddenly he hits the chord, that he's been chosen to be in a television show of his own. If it all goes as they say, he will be a famous person in the nation. But this tale takes place in the meantime, telling us what is his usual life and how he manages it.\r\n\r\nI did not like it straight away. The opening was average, but from the mid part to the rest of the film, it turned out better with every twist. It all went so fast and ended. Henry was really cool. Now I want to see the previous part too. JK Simmons, Sarah Silverman and other were also good in their small parts. Surely I highly recommend it!\r\n\r\n**8/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [467924, 433620, 128195, 42213], "youtube_key": "aYiTCzl85b4"}