{"tmdb_id": 321751, "title": "A perfect day, un jour comme un autre", "original_title": "A Perfect Day", "slug_title": "a-perfect-day-un-jour-comme-un-autre", "date": "2015-08-28", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Guerre", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe d\u2019humanitaires est en mission dans une zone en guerre: Sophie, nouvelle recrue, veut absolument aider; Mambru, d\u00e9sabus\u00e9, veut juste rentrer chez lui; Katya, voulait Mambru ; Damir veut que le conflit se termine ; et B ne sait pas ce qu'il veut.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4RFNfDjGqLv39BkiKsxnWIX86dO.jpg", "actors": ["Olga Kurylenko (Katya)", "Benicio del Toro (Mambr\u00fa)", "Tim Robbins (B)", "M\u00e9lanie Thierry (Sophie)", "Fe\u0111a \u0160tukan (Damir)", "Eldar Residovic (Nicola)", "Nenad Vukelic (Nikola's Grandfather)", "Sergi L\u00f3pez (Goyo)", "Morten Suurballe (UN Official at the Briefing)", "Ben Temple (UN Official's Assistant)", "Frank Feys (UN Official at the Well)", "Ivan Brki\u0107 (Store Owner)", "Goran Navojec (Bosnian NGO Driver)", "Antonio Frani\u0107 (Soldier at the Storage)", "Slaven \u0160panovi\u0107 (Soldier at the Checkpoint)", "Darko Peric (Water Seller)", "Zvonimir Okic (Teenager with the Gun)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The day when an adventure for a rope begins.\r\n\r\nThis is an English language Spanish road-adventure that was adapted from a book. Takes place in the Yugoslavia during the end of its civil war. Other than that there's no detail about when and where it sets in or is it inspired by the real story. Shot in the beautiful mountain roads and villages. The camera work was so good, I loved the aerial photography that revealed the beauty of those mountainous regions, despite the war atmosphere.\r\n\r\nThis is a surprise film, because I never heard it before and did not know what to expect from it, but in the end I'm very pleased with the overall product. That's what usually we want in a film than to follow a project from its announcement till it hit the screens, then sometimes we may end in a disappointment after the long wait. So I guess this is better.\r\n\r\nA simple theme, but the plot developed into a greater venture. It revolves around a bunch of aid workers who were deployed to help in the war torn villages. When they find a dead body dumped in a well which is the main source for the drinking water in the region, they try to remove it. But it is not that simple, after failed in their first attempt, they look for another rope to pull the corpse out. So the adventure begins to revolve around one mission. In the remaining tale, it reveals theirs unpleasant events of the day, that's why it's called 'A Perfect Day'.\r\n\r\nThis is not a war movie, but with the backdrop of war the entire concept was developed. It is obviously a comedy-drama, and a very good film on this theme you would find at present. It does have a couple of intense scenes that push us to the edge of the seats. No nudes or the sex, no violence either, not even tortures or the deaths. Still, it is rated best suitable for adults only because of a few dialogues related to the sex. Other than that this film does not deserve uppercase r for the US market.\r\n\r\n> \"Welcome to Konopac, the rope capital of the world.\"\r\n\r\nThe international cast was awesome for such a story. Individually, I liked everyone's performances, no one was lesser than the others among the lead characters. The only drawback was the underdeveloped characters, but that does not affect us the tale to entertain. They are not a medic team or any other similar kind, but very unusual characters that you have ever seen in a film. There's no physical stretch like they have done some tough stunt sequences, but they all quite beautifully exhibited their roles as the UN aid workers.\r\n\r\nA single day tale, and the mix of both - realism and humours. Just depicted how a day of work would be in the places where it was devastated by war, especially representing the UNO and encountering problem for a simple matter. In addition to that, what happens when some old unresolved issues between two people reappear. All these were narrated very funnily, and sometime the fact of the war takes some of the scenes to the serious.\r\n\r\nLike I said I enjoyed it a lot, and I believe it is capable to pull out another film to follow. Yep, like I always say when I like a film, I won't say no for a sequel to this. Because what the film characters accomplished in the end of the narration has looked to me just a beginning of another adventure. It might mean the loop in the tale to end on a high note, yet give an opportunity for another possible venture. I have no idea about the book, but it sounds good to me and I'll pray for it to happen. It was not a masterpiece, but a cute little film, which is kind of unpredictable and that's the its strength. I hope you all would give it a try, because it is worth it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "write2topcat", "content": "Imagine you're on a small team of humanitarian aid workers sent to help the people of Yugoslavia toward the end of that awful civil war which saw Serbian and Muslim neighbors killing each other. Remember that 1990s war and all the sectarian violence? Well this film follows such a team as they seek to help displaced people survive as the peace talks bring the conflict to an end. \r\nTim Robbins plays a worker who goes by the letter \"B\" throughout the film. He and Mambru (Benicio Del Toro) are veteran aid workers and are breaking in a rookie named Sophie (Melanie Thierry). Together with their interpreter, a man named Damir (Fedja Stukan) they work at keeping the basic necessities of life, such as clean water, available to the displaced people of the war torn country. \r\n\r\nI believe this film is an adaptation of a real life account of an aid worker. It shows the maddening interference of bureaucracy as it prevents them performing their tasks, and the delicacy with which they must navigate around the warring factions. \r\n\r\nA documentary might convey these things as well, but would not entertain or hold your attention as this quality cast does."}], "recommandations_id": [245916, 276902, 254905, 243935]}