{"tmdb_id": 322240, "title": "Ma vie de chat", "original_title": "Nine Lives", "slug_title": "ma-vie-de-chat", "date": "2016-08-03", "genre": "Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Tom Brand est un milliardaire qui a consacr\u00e9 sa vie \u00e0 son travail et \u00e0 sa r\u00e9ussite. Sa carri\u00e8re tr\u00e9pidante l\u2019a \u00e9loign\u00e9 de sa femme Lara et de son adorable fille Rebecca. Pour l\u2019anniversaire de cette derni\u00e8re, Tom n\u2019a d\u2019autre choix que de lui offrir ce qu\u2019il d\u00e9teste par-dessus tout : un chat. En route pour la f\u00eate de Rebecca, Tom est victime d\u2019un terrible accident et se retrouve myst\u00e9rieusement coinc\u00e9 dans le corps du chat.  R\u00e9pondant d\u00e9sormais au doux nom de Monsieur Fuzzypants, il est adopt\u00e9 par sa propre famille qui peine \u00e0 ma\u00eetriser ce chat maladroit et peu ob\u00e9issant\u2026 Tom va devoir tant bien que mal se faire \u00e0 sa nouvelle condition tout en portant un nouveau regard sur son entourage. Il devra comprendre pourquoi il s\u2019est retrouv\u00e9 dans cette situation et tout mettre en \u0153uvre pour reconqu\u00e9rir son apparence humaine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j3YgPoFP1DfkYmQWPMz5dLw2UNf.jpg", "actors": ["Cheryl Hines (Madison Camden)", "Mark Consuelos (Ian Cox)", "Christopher Walken (Felix Perkins)", "Teddy Sears (Josh Myers)", "Jay Patterson (Benson)", "Jewelle Blackman (Dr. Cole)", "Nathaly Thibault (Banquet Guest)", "Serge Houde (Board Member: Stein)", "Ellen David (Tom's secretary)", "Serge Martineau (Doctor)", "Barry Sonnenfeld (Cat (voice))", "Chloe Sonnenfeld (Cat (voice))", "Tristan D. Lalla (Hefty Guard)", "Meghan Gabruch (Ian's Assistant)", "Brad Aldou (Lanky)", "Julianne Jain (Fatima Banker)", "Galia Oliel-Sabbag (Rebecca's friend)", "Brian Degrace (Crowd 18)", "Maythaila Jerome Antoine (New Yorker)", "Sanda Bourenane (Extra (uncredited))", "Sam Chamas (Guest at the Banquet (uncredited))", "Lil Bub (Iancat)", "Brad Aldous (Lanky)", "Mark Camacho (Josh Boone)", "Kevin Spacey (Tom Brand)", "Jennifer Garner (Lara Brand)", "Robbie Amell (David Brand)", "Malina Weissman (Rebecca Brand)", "Talitha Bateman (Nicole Camden (as Talitha Bateman))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Is it safe to assume that the flea-bitten feline fantasy **Nine Lives** has completely gone to the dogs? Do not let this cockeyed kiddie comedy fool you because despite its intentional cuteness involving a self-deprecating, wise-cracking wealthy businessman-turned-hedonistic hairball may be appealing to the Romper Room crowd **Nine Lives** has all the comical chops of juggling chunky kitty litter. Charmless, insipid and trivial, this juvenile clawed and clumsy caper showcasing cheesy-minded whimsy about a hybrid self-absorbed big bucks blowhard/adorable pesky pussycat and the lead little gal enjoying the mystical mayhem at large may lower the IQs for the tot-friendly audience it looks to cater to with cheap, cloying chuckles.\r\n\r\nPerhaps ragging on a fetid fluff fable as **Nine Lives** is probably as blasphemous as kicking a twitchy-nosed bunny in its precious tummy. The question remains, however, if the bunny initially deserved that harsh kick? It boggles the mind as to what notable names are attached to this toothless, ticklish project. Director Barry Sonnenfeld, the heralded puppeteer behind hits such as _Men in Black_ and _Get Shorty_, inexplicably tries to breathe loony life into this stillborn catty concoction of recycled sight gags, and sugary sentimentality. Still, the manufactured roguishness and obviousness of the lightweight high jinks will have one pawing for something more, er\u2026purrrrr-cisely appetizing. In addition to Sonnenfeld\u2019s mediocre directorial efforts behind the camera, the real curiosity is how two-time Oscar winner Kevin Spacey signed on the dotted line to partake in this catnip-laced catastrophe. Amazingly, **Nine Lives** not only boasts one Academy Award winner in the aforementioned Spacey but two with the inclusion of the ubiquitous off-the-wall Christopher Walken. The only true sympathetic victim subjected to this tepid tail-wagging tease is the helpless cat forced to carry this Disney-esque dud on its poor furry shoulders.\r\n\r\nNoticeably, **Nine Lives** tries to be slick in tackling (or loosely exploiting) the current phenomenon of two separate entities: the popularity of the countless infectious YouTube online cat videos that aim to soothingly please the masses and the satirical profiling of controversial 2016 American presidential hopeful Donald J. Trump (through Spacey\u2019s callous characterization). Granted **Nine Lives** has its occasional brushes with welcomed impishness but for the most part this nutty narrative pussyfoots around in a total lackluster whimper.\r\n\r\nSpacey plays a megalomaniac multi-millionaire New York City-based real estate developer named Tom Brand whose specialty in spouting stylish skyscrapers within his congested urban landscape keeps him hungry for more success and business-minded progression. The problem is that Brand\u2019s workload often interferes with spending quality time (or any time for that matter) with second wife Lara (Jennifer Garner in a throwaway role) and impressionable daughter Rebecca (Malina Weissman). Clearly, Brand\u2019s neglect of his loved ones is inexcusable but the boorish tycoon does care for his offspring Rebecca although his tendency to stomp on his employees and rivals comes second nature for him. Nevertheless, Brand wants to ensure that his Rebecca receives a special upcoming 11th birthday gift to remember. After all, she is Daddy\u2019s little princess.\r\n\r\nRebecca happens to be an insane cat lover. Tom, on the other hand, cannot stomach the four-legged cuddly critters. So Brand has no choice but to satisfy his darling\u2019s wishes as he bites the bullet and visits a questionable pet store operated by creepy Felix Perkins (a seemingly disinterested Christopher Walken). Brand dutifully purchases a striking-looking tomcat named Mr. Fuzzypants for Rebecca to relish as her prized present. Suddenly through a convoluted \u201caccident\u201d criminally wealthy Tom Brand becomes comatose. Additionally, he is transported inside the hairy-coated body of Mr. Fuzzypants. And there you have it\u2013Rebecca\u2019s ultimate wish for the ideal birthday gift as having her absent Daddy Dearest Tom and beloved pet cat Mr. Fuzzypants rolled into a 2-for-1 sale package for her to treasure.\r\n\r\nAside from the predictable puns, lame and cutesy dialogue and by-the-numbers sophomoric bits **Nine Lives** drags and feels as relentlessly ragged as a victimized toy mouse at the mercy of an inner city neighborhood feral tabby. Painfully witless and wooden there is not much for the on-screen participants to do in this flea collar farce other than to play second fiddle to the synthetic exploits of the Spacey-voiced CGI domesticated bushy-tailed beast. Sure, it is easy to dismiss **Nine Lives** as mindless entertainment for the indiscriminate rug rats looking for child-like escapism. The youngsters (or oldsters for that matter) are better off chuckling at the mini funny feline features on the Internet as opposed to tolerating this fledgling fantasy about profit-making papas becoming humbled by the outer-body experience of a playfully turbulent tomcat in order to appreciate what his true and genuine riches are at hand\u2013the foundation of family. It is actually a rather nice message to promote for the kids but it is woefully undermined by the forgettable goofiness that persists in this comedic cat-box.\r\n\r\nSpacey\u2019s Trump-inspired business-minded blowhard Brand is something that could have been rejoiced in another forum if it was not lazily trapped inside this pointless kid-friendly spectacle. The iconic presence of Walken as the resident eccentric cat whisperer is wasted and forgettable. The ones you truly feel sorry for in this merry-minded mess is the doomed duo of Weissman\u2019s Rebecca and her cat cohort Mr. Fuzzypants as they try to capture the childish spirit. Sadly the adult participants in **Nine Lives** need to have their SAG cards revoked. Not since 1993\u2019s _Look Who\u2019s Talking Now_ has voiceover critters been so relentlessly annoying.\r\n\r\nThe 87-minute **Nine Lives** feels like it equally drained the single life out of Mr. Fuzzypants and more important\u2013the movie ticket buyers.\r\n\r\n**Nine Lives** (2016)\r\n\r\nEuropaCorp\r\n\r\n1 hr. 27 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Garner, Christopher Walken, Malina Weissman, Teddy Sears, Talitha Bateman, Mark Consuelos, Robbie Amell, Cheryl Hines\r\n\r\nDirected by: Barry Sonnenfeld\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: PG\r\n\r\nGenre: Comedy/Fantasy & Adventure\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: * 1/2 stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n(c) **Frank Ochieng** 2016"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**We learn from our mistakes, but some people from a supernatural accident!**\r\n\r\nSo another switching body and soul theme, but not as bad as it looks. The problem is, it was so ordinary story, like the writers were never serious about making it big. That is the first thing what this film compromised. That makes it the quality of a television film. I mean the production quality was amazing, including all the graphics parts, but the plot was not developed to greater heights. So falls short to entertain its viewers, especially if you had seen films like 'Fluke' and others. The younger kids might like it, but this film was made keeping in the mind all the ages. So surely anybody can watch this, but the joy is limited.\r\n\r\nVery sad to know it was made by 'Men in Black' director. For his capability, this is a silly film. I don't know the reason, maybe he was tricked and the only way out is making this film. Whatever, his presence was what made this film so rich in the technical side. This is the story of a successful businessman who is a proud owner of the tallest building in the northern hemisphere. There's no respect by him for his employees and he totally neglected his family, particularly his young daughter. But one fateful day, his soul gets trapped in a cat and from there, how he's going to make it back is what told with his great struggles.\r\n\r\nI would say the cast was decent and so the screenplay, but the CGI cat was awesome, almost flawless for such a small film like this. The story and its events were not explained in details for us like how it had all happened like its logic. Since we are familiar with this type of films, they skipped most important segments and went directly to the story to develop which is actually the struggles like fighting back to break the curse than shaping up it with a neat story. So in my viewpoint, it is okay for watching once. This is a comedy, but you would hardly laugh. Yet much better than those real comedies from the recent times.\r\n_\r\n6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [331313, 323676, 276905, 332210]}