{"tmdb_id": 322487, "title": "Spark: A Space Tail", "original_title": "Spark: A Space Tail", "slug_title": "spark-a-space-tail", "date": "2017-04-14", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "Un singe adolescent, pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9, Spark, un renard et un phacoch\u00e8re s'embarquent pour une mission p\u00e9rilleuse pour r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer leur plan\u00e8te des mains d'un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral devenu fou...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4zj2KfykL4qvYCrbMv46Yd5vnYM.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Biel (Vix (voice))", "Hilary Swank (The Queen (voice))", "Susan Sarandon (Bananny (voice))", "Jace Norman (Spark (voice))", "Patrick Stewart (The Captain (voice))", "Athena Karkanis (Koko (voice))", "Alan C. Peterson (Zhong (voice))", "Ivan Sherry (Announcer (voice))", "Jason Deline (Various (voice))", "Aaron Woodley (Floyd (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Saprk: A Space Fail**\r\n\r\nMy rating could be a little harsh, but, come on, if you have seen it, then you know the film lacks in everything. Firstly, the production was decent, especially for non-Disney, non-Pixar and even for non-Dreamworks and Sony, it is enough. The film was aimed for little kids, so keeping them in mind, it is a better film. Secondly, the characters and its designs were okay. But the story was merely the same dystopian theme. You know, dangerous visionary tries to destroy the planet and the years ago separated family finally unite and brings all the allies together to fight the villain. The end determines the fate of the great battle everyone involved in.\r\n\r\nFor me, it looked more like a television film. Or even better if it has been a television series. Because somewhat it reminds the recent 'Trollhunters'. A boy possesses the secret weapon and trains hard to fight the evil force. Each episode with a different action, adventure, it would have been a wonderful series. Anyway, despite the film failed to impress its viewers, I won't say it is that bad. Watchable film, but there's no fun, only for timepass. Even for the timepass, there are a lot better ones out there. So showing it for only young children might justify, since they can't differentiate between good and bad, except enjoying everything they see.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [81670, 309047, 450519, 431071], "youtube_key": "vSAppKS214U"}