{"tmdb_id": 322488, "title": "Le ma\u00eetre d'escrime", "original_title": "Vehkleja", "slug_title": "le-maitre-d-escrime", "date": "2015-03-13", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "En URSS, au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 1950. Apr\u00e8s avoir quitt\u00e9 Leningrad, le jeune Endel arrive \u00e0 Haapsalu, une petite ville estonienne, o\u00f9 il exerce comme professeur d'\u00e9ducation physique. Son pass\u00e9 d'escrimeur suscitant la curiosit\u00e9 des \u00e9l\u00e8ves, il prend l'initiative d'animer un club de fleuret dans le cadre des activit\u00e9s extrascolaires.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fPVRurIqfhZL9RMjPI9yxdsS9sk.jpg", "actors": ["M\u00e4rt Avandi (Endel)", "Ursula Ratasepp (Kadri)", "Hendrik Toompere Jr. (Principal)", "Liisa Koppel (Marta)", "Joonas Koff (Jaan)", "Egert Kadastu (Toomas)", "Ann-Lisett Rebane (Lea)", "Elbe Reiter (Tiiu)", "Jaak Prints (Principal's Assistant)", "Kirill K\u00e4ro (Aleksey)", "Lembit Ulfsak (Jaan's Grandfather)", "Leida Rammo (Dormitory Receptionist)", "Raimo Pass (Officer)", "Erkki Tikkan (Officer)", "Maria Avdjushko (Official, Leningrad)", "Alina Karmazina (Armenian Coach)", "Sergei T\u0161erkassov (Announcer, Leningrad)", "Aleksander Okunev (Secret Police Chief)", "Piret Kalda (Jaan's Mother)", "Kaie Mihkelson (Post Office Clerk)", "Mimosa Wagner (Girl at the Post Office)", "Mona Wagner (Girl at the Post Office)", "T\u00f5nu Oja (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Anu Lamp (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Maria Klenskaja (Teacher)", "Andres Lepik (Teacher)", "Svetlana Doro\u0161enko (Sales Lady)", "Maie Ramjalg (Sales Lady)", "Mikhail Paschuck (Moscow Fencer)", "Alla Milovidova (Moscow Coach)", "Svetlana T\u0161irkova-Lozovaja (Main Referee)", "Jevgeni Karavajev (Main Referee)", "Boris Joffe (Main Referee)", "Ingmar Germ (Fencing Club Member)", "Romel Hendrik Rautam (Fencing Club Member)", "Laura Huul (Fencing Club Member)", "Hanna P\u00e4hn (Fencing Club Member)", "Darja Zabronok (Fencing Club Member)", "Krettel Maide (Fencing Club Member)", "Ingrika Tuulik (Fencing Club Member)", "Karlote Karm (Fencing Club Member)", "Svetlana Trynova (Fencing Club Member)", "Anneli Proosv\u00e4li (Fencing Club Member)", "Kaspar T\u00f6nisson (Fencing Club Member)", "Aleksander Luka (Fencing Club Member)", "Tauno Runtal (Fencing Club Member)", "Marvel Leesment (Fencing Club Member)", "Rihard-Reno Germ (Fencing Club Member)", "Merle Kappel (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Paul Laasik (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Tatjana Manevskaja (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Ahti Puudersell (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Carmen Mikiver (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Helle Kuningas (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Kaili N\u00e4rep (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Aino Joa (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Jaak K\u00e4nd (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Merike P\u00fc\u00fcding (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Sirje P\u00e4\u00e4stel (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Aime Nikopensiu (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Liivi Prints (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Uudo Laane (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Saima Jakobson (Parent at the School Meeting)", "Annika Kodasm (Parent at the School Meeting)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Looking for a new start while the past is on the tail.\r\n\r\nThe 2016's Golden Globe nominee and also Finland's submission for the Oscars in the same year, but failed to get into the final five. Produced by the Baltic nations that set in when Estonia was a part of the USSR in the early 50s. It chronicles the story of Endel Nelis, a man who's on the run arrives in a small town called Haapsalu to teach the school children sports.\r\n\r\nAs his life is in danger, he intends to keep a low profile for a while. But seems everything is turning around him against him when he decides to teach his students fencing. It brings a large attention to the surroundings. Then comes a time where he must confront what he's hiding from which brings an end to the narration with little extended end part that reveals further details about the later event.\r\n\r\n> \"It's good to have them focus on something, keep them occupied. It takes their mind off things.\"\r\n\r\nThis is a very short story, but somehow the movie managed to run for the 90 minutes with a good pace. It did not cover the entire life story of Endel Nelis, but a small slice. So you definitely feel desperate to know about his past, but this film does not compromise on that. It has a great background score, and overall it is a very inspiring movie.\r\n\r\nThe actors were so simple, but very good in their parts. Other than the lead character Endel, the two kids Marta and Jaan were excellent. The romance was as its sub-plot, but the theme was sport so all the concentration on the fencing and nothing else. In a couple of sections it feels so cliche, but since it was based on the real, there's nothing to do about it than accepting it.\r\n\r\nFencing is not a popular sport in the world, so it is good to see a movie about it, but sadly it was not internationally well recognised. Like I said earlier the story was quite small, so I can't describe it in a large scale. I think I said everything I wanted to. In its limitedness the movie was pretty impressive. Not everyone who saw it going to suggest it for you, but it is worth a try.\r\n\r\n7\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [128135, 80136, 215739, 46927], "youtube_key": "c0jG3QWW4yE"}