{"tmdb_id": 322, "title": "Mystic River", "original_title": "Mystic River", "slug_title": "mystic-river", "date": "2003-10-07", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Jimmy Markum, Dave Boyle et Sean Devine ont grandi ensemble dans les rues de Boston. Rien ne semblait devoir alt\u00e9rer le cours de leur amiti\u00e9 jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 Dave se fit enlever par un inconnu sous les yeux de ses amis. Leur complicit\u00e9 juv\u00e9nile ne r\u00e9sista pas \u00e0 un tel \u00e9v\u00e9nement et leurs chemins se s\u00e9par\u00e8rent in\u00e9luctablement.Jimmy sombra pendant quelque temps dans la d\u00e9linquance, Sean s'engagea dans la police, Dave se replia sur lui-m\u00eame, se contenta de petits boulots et v\u00e9cut durant plusieurs ann\u00e9es avec sa m\u00e8re avant d'\u00e9pouser Celeste.Une nouvelle trag\u00e9die rapproche soudain les trois hommes : Katie, la fille de Jimmy, est retrouv\u00e9e morte au fond d'un foss\u00e9. Le p\u00e8re endeuill\u00e9 ne r\u00eave plus que d'une chose : se venger. Et Sean, affect\u00e9 \u00e0 l'enqu\u00eate, croit conna\u00eetre le coupable : Dave Boyle...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qeHasONCKH5sR9HcTWquXI5ZN5y.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Penn (Jimmy Markum)", "Tim Robbins (Dave Boyle)", "Kevin Bacon (Sean Devine)", "Laurence Fishburne (Sergeant Whitey Powers)", "Marcia Gay Harden (Celeste Boyle)", "Laura Linney (Annabeth Markum)", "Kevin Chapman (Val Savage)", "Tom Guiry (Brendan Harris)", "Emmy Rossum (Katie Markum)", "Eli Wallach (Mr. Loonie - Liquor Store Owner)", "Spencer Treat Clark (Silent Ray Harris)", "Andrew Mackin (John O'Shea)", "Adam Nelson (Nick Savage)", "Robert Wahlberg (Kevin Savage)", "Jenny O'Hara (Esther Harris)", "John Doman (Driver)", "Cameron Bowen (Young Dave)", "Jason Kelly (Young Jimmy)", "Connor Paolo (Young Sean)", "T. Bruce Page (Jimmy's Father)", "Miles Herter (Sean's Father)", "Cayden Boyd (Michael Boyle)", "Tori Davis (Lauren Devine)", "Jonathan Togo (Pete)", "John Franchi (Bar Patron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Evils of the past and the problems with vigilante justice***\r\n\r\nReleased in 2003 and directed by Clint Eastwood, \u201cMystic River\u201d tells the story of three men from a working class neighborhood in Boston. While playing in the street as kids, one of them is abducted and sexually abused for days. As adults they\u2019ve drifted apart. Jimmy (Sean Penn) is a reformed con who runs a successful market when his daughter is suddenly murdered (Emmy Rossum). Sean (Kevin Bacon) investigates the murder with his partner, Whitey (Laurence Fishburne), with evidence eventually pointing toward Dave (Timothy Bottoms), the one who was abducted. Marcia Gay Harden plays Dave\u2019s anxious spouse while Laura Linney plays Jimmy\u2019s loyal wife.\r\n\r\nThis is similar in tone & theme to the melancholy \u201cSleepers\u201d (1996), but less episodic and more dramatically gripping. The movie has the confidence to take its time and flesh-out the characters. It\u2019s a psychological crime drama that works as both a whodunit and a tragedy. The intrinsic problems of vigilante justice are cogently illustrated.\r\n\r\nSome people have misinterpreted the movie because they missed some things. For instance, they criticize the curious Lady Macbeth-like monologue of Annabeth (Linney) at the end. But watch the movie again, pay close attention, and the answers are there. I\u2019d say more, but I don\u2019t want to give anything away (you\u2019re welcome to write me if you\u2019d like some insights). \r\n\r\n\u201cMystic River\u201d is not something that can be casually watched; it\u2019s a deep drama with three-dimensional characters, potently exploring several intriguing issues: How abuses of the past affect the present; the danger of hiding recesses of your psyche; the folly of not getting spiritual help for deep-rooted psychological concerns; disloyalty/loyalty; doing the wrong thing for the right reasons; jumping to wrong conclusions based on dubious info; houses divided cannot stand; the importance of encouraging one\u2019s spouse for the sake of familial health & survival; \u201cking of the castle\u201d; etc.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 18 minutes and was shot in Boston.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [320, 2252, 59, 33], "youtube_key": "nmiA24jwlbM"}