{"tmdb_id": 323373, "title": "Deathgasm", "original_title": "Deathgasm", "slug_title": "deathgasm", "date": "2015-08-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Musique"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Deux adolescents marginaux Zakk et Brodie d\u00e9cident de fonder leur propre groupe de m\u00e9tal r\u00e9pondant au nom de Deathgasm. Un jour, ils d\u00e9couvrent des partitions aux notes de musiques myst\u00e9rieuses et en d\u00e9cidant de les jouer, ils vont d\u00e9cha\u00eener l'apocalypse sur leur ville...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cwy9sGEOAuzpZXzXBVln1PZ4vxn.jpg", "actors": ["Milo Cawthorne (Brodie)", "Kimberley Crossman (Medina)", "Sam Berkley (Dion)", "Delaney Tabron (Shanna)", "Colin Moy (Uncle Albert)", "Jodie Rimmer (Aunt Mary)", "Kate Elliott (Abigail)", "James Blake (Zakk)", "Daniel Cresswell (Giles)", "Stephen Ure (Rikki Daggers)", "Nick Hoskins-Smith (David)", "Erroll Shand (Byron)", "Aaron McGregor (Terry)", "Andrew Laing (Aeon)", "Tim Foley (Vadin)", "Cameron Rhodes (Mr. Capenhurst)", "Campbell Rousselle (Ron)", "Paula Hallagher (Brodie's Mum)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Amusing, thoroughly tacky horror/parody of metal music\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2015 and written & directed by Jason Lei Howden, \"Deathgasm\u201d is a horror/comedy about a group of teens in Auckland, New Zealand, who start an extreme metal band named Deathgasm and inadvertently unleash dark forces that possess the nearby populace.\r\n\r\n\u201cDeathgasm\u201d combines elements of \u201cEvil Dead II\u201d (1987), \u201cTrick or Treat\u201d (1986) and \u201cBraindead\u201d aka \u201cDead Alive\u201d (1992). Amidst the sometimes profane and tasteless happenings, there are moments of masterful hilarity (e.g. the Peter Criss joke and the black metal photo op in the woods), including black comedy, naturally.\r\n\r\nNumerous seminal bands are acknowledged throughout, some of which are worthy of the recognition and some not so worthy: Death, Judas Priest, Bathory, Slayer, GWAR, Cannibal Crap, ad nauseam. (Even Def Leppard is noted, which some might find odd, but it reveals the open mindedness of Howden; besides, they were definitely a metal band during their first few albums, albeit not extreme metal). Florida\u2019s Trivium is curiously referenced throughout the flick, which tells me they\u2019re a big hit in New Zealand (\u2018cause they ain\u2019t all that big in the USA, although they\u2019re certainly a formidable metal act).\r\n\r\nThe band\u2019s name, Deathgasm, is presumably an homage to Wargasm and Death or Death Angel. The main protagonist, Brodie (Milo Cawthorne), looks like a cross between a young Alice Cooper and Keith Deen, the vocalist of Holy Terror (R.I.P.) while his buddy, Zakk (James Blake), resembles a pasty version of Conan the Barbarian. Kimberley Crossman is cute, curvy and formidable as the blonde babe, but the camera rarely zeroes-in on her beauty, unfortunately.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s the stereotypical myth that Christianity and Christians are opposed to metal, but Black Sabbath started the genre and they had overtly pro-Christian songs, like \u201cAfter Forever\u201d and \u201cWar Pigs.\u201d If you doubt that, just read the lyrics. Or how about the ending of \u201cHallowed Be Thy Name\u201d? Not to mention that there are scores of kick-axx metal bands that have espoused biblical themes in a positive sense, like Cage, Trouble, Megadeth, W.A.S.P., Saint, Tourniquet, Bride, Saviour Machine, Living Sacrifice, Antestor, Zao, Seventh Angel, Theocracy, Barnabas, Believer, Overkill, Deadly Blessing, Avenged Sevenfold and (of course) Stryper. Notice, by the way, that I didn\u2019t say they were all \u201cChristian bands,\u201d just that they have all blatantly espoused biblical themes on occasion. Needless to say, the idea that metal is intrinsically anti-God is laughable. Get real. Christianity has been part of the genre since day one.\r\n\r\nThe accents are kinda thick so you might want to use the subtitles if you live outside of New Zealand and Australia.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 26 minutes and was shot entirely in west Auckland. The soundtrack features several New Zealand bands unknown outside of the local scene.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [291272, 276488, 290999, 397981], "youtube_key": "4m6BIvN3ggM"}