{"tmdb_id": 323435, "title": "One & Two", "original_title": "One & Two", "slug_title": "one-two", "date": "2015-08-01", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Une famille de quatre vit paisiblement, isol\u00e9e du reste du monde dans une ferme myst\u00e9rieuse. Mais le jour o\u00f9 leur m\u00e8re tombe malade, les enfants se mettent \u00e0 explorer les pouvoirs et sombres secrets de la famille en question.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/okCaT8PHuh83CllPYGpLz1ZXzMC.jpg", "actors": ["Kiernan Shipka (Eva)", "Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet (Zac)", "Elizabeth Reaser (Elizabeth)", "Grant Bowler (Daniel)", "Rayven Symone Ferrell (Danny)", "Kyle Bell (Jeff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Jumper: There and back again.\r\n\r\nThere are plenty of similar themes, but 'Jumper' will be the first anyone can remember. Its not a time travel theme, but a space travel film. Don't assume the outer space, very much in our Earth's atmosphere space travel like a supernatural.\r\n\r\nThis is a slow fantasy-drama about two teen siblings who are living in an isolated location and their inherited ability to cheat space within their sight. What goes wrong when they just want to play with it, but it's forbidden by their strict father is the rest of the story.\r\n\r\nIt is a weakest writing for a movie that borrowed an idea from the others. Failed to capitalise and falls into an average list. There is no particular performance to point out, but Kiernan Shipka is who had more screenspace and was decent with her show.\r\n\r\nThere's nothing much to talk about the movie, the dialogues were very rare and too short. A simple drama, mostly boring for its uninteresting under developed scenes. Surely a watchable movie, but does it worth spending your time? I don't think so, thankfully it was not the worst film I've ever seen.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [87434, 69485, 422553, 69158], "youtube_key": "p5eKwzKkkIc"}