{"tmdb_id": 323694, "title": "Nina Forever", "original_title": "Nina Forever", "slug_title": "nina-forever", "date": "2015-03-14", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort de Nina dans un accident de voiture, Rob a bien du mal \u00e0 surmonter son chagrin. Mais alors qu\u2019il entame une nouvelle relation avec Holly, la d\u00e9funte prend un malin plaisir \u00e0 venir hanter le jeune couple \u00e0 chaque fois qu\u2019ils font l\u2019amour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/scpGPh3MMqLRiBtg5ltrfvH8Sfu.jpg", "actors": ["Abigail Hardingham (Holly)", "Cian Barry (Rob)", "Fiona O'Shaughnessy (Nina)", "David Troughton (Dan)", "Elizabeth Elvin (Sally)", "Bill Holland (Waiter)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Police Officer)", "Sean Verey (Josh)", "Phelim Kelly (Shopper)", "Richard Sandling (Bus Passenger)", "Javan Hirst (David)", "Katharine Bennett-Fox (Kelly)", "Tamar Karabetyan (Cassie)", "Mandeep Dhillon (Samira)", "Barry Castagnola (Gary, Store Manager)", "Femi Houghton (Paramedic Tutor)", "Dennis Thickpenny (Old Neighbour)", "Bruce Webb (Man with Tray)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Some people never let go your hand!**\r\n\r\nWe ask for the fresh ideas and here is the one. This British film was not totally innovative, at least it tried to be different. This horror-comedy was directed by two brothers and it was theirs first feature film. This is the story of two who meet working in a supermarket. The 19 years old Holly and in his 20s, Rob, they instantly fall in love with their first encounter. But there's a problem that they can't sleep together, if they do, then Rob's dead girlfriend appear. So the reason for it and the solution if there is one, is what the rest of the film covers.\r\n\r\nIt was a little slow, though entertaining. Not a bad storyline, they developed it decently, but the twist was so ordinary. Nothing like we could predict it, but it gives a silly reason. If you are not expecting big, then it might work. The performances were not bad. It's not that funny, because it was a black comedy. Though the story takes place in the open society, the focus has been always between three main cast and a couple of others. That mean it comes to the point, not wasting for useless scenes. That's why it's very interesting, despite not very impressive. Like I said worth a watch for being a different from the usual films.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [231082, 254634, 42916, 74008], "youtube_key": "fNlcFY6dUl8"}