{"tmdb_id": 323901, "title": "The Last Rescue", "original_title": "The Last Rescue", "slug_title": "the-last-rescue", "date": "2015-06-01", "genre": "Guerre / Action / Drame", "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "2e Guerre mondiale. Peu apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9barquement, un groupe de 3 soldats am\u00e9ricains et 2 m\u00e9decins se retrouve derri\u00e8re les lignes ennemies. Ils capturent un haut grad\u00e9 allemand et essaient de monter un plan pour revenir en zone alli\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ireYmnCVJNX2Oax1uIE7C7UhplC.jpg", "actors": ["Brett Cullen (Captain Beckett)", "Cody Kasch (Private James Lewis)", "Gilles Marini (Bruno Travert)", "Ryan Merriman (Paratrooper Griggs)", "Johann Urb (Feldgendarm Hans Graf)", "Elizabeth Rice (2nd Lt. Nancy Bell)", "Darren Keefe (Lt. Maxwell)", "Hallie Shepherd (1st Lt. Vera Cornish)", "Tony Doupe (SS-Oberf\u00fchrer Hesse)", "Tino Struckmann (Dittrich)", "Dawson Doup\u00e9 (Feldgendarm Tobias Keller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "marchus weller", "content": "It was a ok movie, it was well produced and edited fine. The biggest problem this film had was that it seems to be a rehash of every war film ever made, the same scenes, dialogue, story line we have seen before. Nothing original at all and that seems sad because there seems to be potential for what could have been a great movie. The one highlight of the film was the supporting lead Tino Struckmann he is a very gifted actor, really good performance. exciting to watch and clearly the most talented actor in the movie. Just sad the movies story did not match a great performance, just as it is a shame he did not have a bigger part, as there were story plots sadly left not pursued by the director. The worst thing was the lead bad guy continuously ranting on in a made up language, not German nor English, that was just a very bad piece of acting and writing if it was written? It could have been much better and missing a lot of action very dull slow going."}], "recommandations_id": []}