{"tmdb_id": 324285, "title": "Landfill Harmonic", "original_title": "Landfill Harmonic", "slug_title": "landfill-harmonic", "date": "2015-03-18", "genre": ["Documentaire / Familial / Musique"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "\"Landfill Harmonic\" follows the Recycled Orchestra of Cateura, a Paraguayan musical group that plays instruments made entirely out of garbage. When their story goes viral, the orchestra is catapulted into the global spotlight. Under the guidance of idealistic music director Favio Chavez, the orchestra must navigate a strange new world of arenas and sold-out concerts. However, when a natural disaster strikes their country, Favio must find a way to keep the orchestra intact and provide a source of hope for their town. The film is a testament to the transformative power of music and the resilience of the human spirit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lj3zGBSh1XsNYUlGfCtuGRuBMM.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pancine", "content": "Amazing story of the human spirit. And of the power of Facebook. Some strong male figures with hearts full of goodwill also apparent in this. Especially Cola, the man who made the instruments. Like some other low-budgeted documentaries, perhaps too much is crammed into the running time(in this case more than 85 mins. was needed) and becomes disjointed or a side note without depth on occasion but that's also the beauty of independent documentary film making, it goes it's own way. An unlikely opportunity for the children to say the least and a stark contrast to the reality of life in Cateura. A tad too sugary sweet for a moment or two but a heartwarming story and people."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "OyM-WaC0-Gg"}