{"tmdb_id": 324552, "title": "John Wick 2", "original_title": "John Wick: Chapter 2", "slug_title": "john-wick-2", "date": "2017-02-08", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Crime", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "John Wick est forc\u00e9 de sortir de sa retraite volontaire par un de ses ex-associ\u00e9s qui cherche \u00e0 prendre le contr\u00f4le d\u2019une myst\u00e9rieuse confr\u00e9rie de tueurs internationaux. Parce qu\u2019il est li\u00e9 \u00e0 cet homme par un serment, John se rend \u00e0 Rome, o\u00f9 il va devoir affronter certains des tueurs les plus dangereux du monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hfvKFkonDd1S9zBjAPN0gr2chKe.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (John Wick)", "Riccardo Scamarcio (Santino D'Antonio)", "Ian McShane (Winston)", "Laurence Fishburne (Bowery King)", "Common (Cassian)", "Ruby Rose (Ares)", "Claudia Gerini (Gianna D'Antonio)", "Lance Reddick (Charon)", "John Leguizamo (Aurelio)", "Bridget Moynahan (Helen Wick)", "Thomas Sadoski (Jimmy)", "David Patrick Kelly (Charlie)", "Peter Stormare (Abram)", "Franco Nero (Julius)", "Peter Serafinowicz (Sommelier)", "Perry Yung (Dr. Randall)", "Tobias Segal (Earl)", "Chukwudi Iwuji (Akoni)", "Nico Toffoli (Brian Blackman)", "Marko Caka (Mario Club Businessman)", "Aaron Cohen (Hitman)", "Aly Mang (Winston's Personal Assistant)", "Nora Sommerkamp (Hotel Guest - Assassin)", "Marmee Cosico (ND Chinatown Pedestrian)", "Nancy Cejari (Business Woman)", "Crystal Lonneberg (Switch Board Operator)", "Frank Modica (Park Goer - Assasin)", "Jennifer Dong (Cocktail Waitress)", "Elli (Pawnbroker)", "Midori Nakamura (Seamstress)", "Sidney Beitz (Bartender)", "Mark Vincent (Winston's Guard)", "Justin L. Wilson (Special Ops Assassin)", "Chris LaPanta (Earl's Guard #1)", "Guyviaud Joseph (Earl's Guard #2)", "Alisa Ermolaev (Switchboard Operator #1)", "Kelly Rae LeGault (Switchboard Operator #2)", "Vadim Kroll (Cheslav)", "Shade Rupe (Opera Attendee (uncredited))", "Thaddeus Daniels (Nigerian Man)", "Margaret Daly (The Operator)", "Wass Stevens (Consiglieri)", "Erik Frandsen (Numismatic)", "Youma Diakite (Lucia)", "Luca Mosca (Italian Tailor)", "Mario Donatone (Cardinal)", "Heidi Moneymaker (Assassin (uncredited))", "Angel Pai (Assassin (uncredited))", "Johnny Otto (Assassin (uncredited))", "Nobuya Shimamoto (Assassin (uncredited))", "Oleg Prudius (Russian Assassin (uncredited))", "Alex Ziwak (Russian Gunman (uncredited))", "Bruno Verdirosi (Gianna's Bodyguard (uncredited))", "Ottaviano Dell'Acqua (Gianna's Bodyguard (uncredited))", "Airon Armstrong (Ares Team #1 (uncredited))", "Tim Connolly (Ares Team #2 (uncredited))", "Kenny Sheard (Ares Team #3 (uncredited))", "Stephen Dunlevy (Ares Team #4 (uncredited))", "Niko Nedyalkov (Metro Assassin #1 (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CuriousAstronaut", "content": "~NO SPOILERS~\r\n\r\nThis movie essentially starts right after the first one ends, right at the top-down view of New York City. Dark humor abounds,\r\nbullets rip through head and bodies, and Wick is unstoppable.\r\n\r\nThis film should be held as the gold standard for action movies. There is very little camera shake during fights and Reeves clearly has spent a lot of time preparing for this role. You can see nearly every take-down, every gunshot, and Wick has to reload at inconvenient times in a realistic fashion which also adds to the hilarity of the following kills.\r\n\r\nOverall the acting performances were solid. Reeves isn't known for having an extremely wide range, but his devotion to making this movie a kick-ass martial arts production is second to none. I felt the villain was a bit on the weak side though, but he did his role justice. Ian McShane's character remains the strongest especially combined with the last film.\r\n\r\nThe lighting is superb! There's a red-blue theme that is in nearly every nightclub and darkly lit areas and its absolutely lovely to look at. Overall cinematography is very good.\r\n\r\nDefinitely worth seeing!"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Grows the world. Grows the legend. But the story itself and the man himself remain firmly retreading the steps they took in the first outing. Not too harsh a criticism though, 'cause that one was damn good too.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I was really hoping I would like this movie. I so enjoyed the first one. However, when the credits started to roll at the end I found myself wondering \u201cWhat the fuck happened?\u201d.\r\n\r\nBe warned that the rest of this review might contain a spoiler or two.\r\n\r\nOne thing I really liked about the first movie was, as you can read in my review about that one,  that it was a no bullshit, kill the bad guys and no emotional regrets, kind of movie. John Wick went all out for revenge and at the same time we got introduced into this cool world of assassins, safe havens, hidden \u201cshops\u201d for guns, classy tailors providing bullet proof costumes etc. etc.\r\n\r\nIn this movie he is forced onto a job by a real asshole. He is constantly reluctant and walks around with a sad puppy face all the time. Of course said asshole screws him halfway through the movie and that would have been a good time to start get back on track with some decent payback story but unfortunately the script writers thought otherwise. After some more of the same shit no one really wins in the end (although one of the two adversaries suffer a more \u201cpermanent\u201d setback than the other).\r\n\r\nWorse is that, in my opinion, in their eager to put together some crap drama this movie essentially screwed up the possibilities for a John Wick 3 unless they pull some rather big surprise rabbit out of the hat for that one.\r\n\r\nThere are plenty of action in the movie of course but also her I feel that it was a bit too over the top. No one, absolutely no one, seems to be able to shoot straight except for John Wick. This makes the action feel more like a parody a\u2019la Kill Bill than a more serious action, revenge movie. Yes it is cool to watch but only up to a point. Heck, if this would have been a Star Trek (TOS) episode Hollywood\u2019s entire supply of red shirts would have been used up on a single movie. While I am bitching I should perhaps also mention that the amount of beating that John Wick seems to be able to absorb is \u2026 unbelievable.\r\n\r\nI did enjoy the movie but not at all as much as I hoped I would. To me it has a completely different spirit than what I remember from the first one and the ending is, again to me at least, not a happy one.\r\n\r\nHaving said that the action sequences are as cool, crazy but cool, and violent as they are unbelievable. I found it a bit sad that they wrecked his nice car though.\r\n\r\nOverall a enjoyable movie but no match for the first chapter and I cannot bring myself to give it more than 3 out of 5 stars."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**All eyes on him and all guns pointed at him.**\r\n\r\nIt was not an attracting title for a sequel. The first film was good, completely an unexpected, but I was expecting this one, even though not as much as I was excited to see 'Jack Reacher 2'. That film was good, but did not meet with its first film's merit. And this sequel, really amazing. One of best follow-up flick and better than the original. That feat considered very rare in cinema and here is the one.\r\n\r\nEntirely different than the first. I meant the storyline. A new action, a new adventure, and even on a bigger scale. Though the initial parts were average. I totally disliked that killing assignment Mr. Wick took in his hand, but what followed after made the film great, definitely not to be missed for that alone. Especially if you are an ardent action film fan. For me, that reminded me 'Kill Bill', but they are not the same kind, except the fighting concept with hundreds.\r\n\r\nContinued from a couple of days later where the previous narration had ended. Now the retired assassin, John Wick forced to take a final job, but soon he finds he was backstabbed. Every eye on the town on him and every gun pointing at him, there's no way he could get out of it easily. So, he has to fight them all, just in order to survive. Then what comes later are even more aggressive screenplay that's ends with left open the door for the third film.\r\n\r\nNow this became a stylish franchise. That's what happens when a stuntman takes up the directional job for an action flick. He did not write it, but he knew exactly how to create them, technically perfectly. Besides, he got wonderful, dedicated actors to achieve that. Not just Reeves, but all were awesome. Believe the third film would be a kick-ass, particularly the pace that could match with likes 'Crank'. Just watch it already and be prepared for the next, the mega finale.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [245891, 293167, 315837, 302946]}