{"tmdb_id": 324786, "title": "Tu ne tueras point", "original_title": "Hacksaw Ridge", "slug_title": "tu-ne-tueras-point", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Guerre", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Quand la Seconde Guerre mondiale a \u00e9clat\u00e9, Desmond, un jeune am\u00e9ricain, s\u2019est retrouv\u00e9 confront\u00e9 \u00e0 un dilemme : comme n\u2019importe lequel de ses compatriotes, il voulait servir son pays, mais la violence \u00e9tait incompatible avec ses croyances et ses principes moraux. Il s\u2019opposait ne serait-ce qu\u2019\u00e0 tenir une arme et refusait d\u2019autant plus de tuer.  Il s\u2019engagea tout de m\u00eame dans l\u2019infanterie comme m\u00e9decin. Son refus d\u2019infl\u00e9chir ses convictions lui valut d\u2019\u00eatre rudement men\u00e9 par ses camarades et sa hi\u00e9rarchie, mais c\u2019est arm\u00e9 de sa seule foi qu\u2019il est entr\u00e9 dans l\u2019enfer de la guerre pour en devenir l\u2019un des plus grands h\u00e9ros. Lors de la bataille d\u2019Okinawa sur l\u2019imprenable falaise de Maeda, il a r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 sauver des dizaines de vies seul sous le feu de l\u2019ennemi, ramenant en suret\u00e9, du champ de bataille, un \u00e0 un les soldats bless\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fRokFj7BkV0Ya309II37sMPvzXI.jpg", "actors": ["Andrew Garfield (Desmond T. Doss)", "Sam Worthington (Captain Glover)", "Vince Vaughn (Sergeant Howell)", "Luke Bracey (Smitty Ryker)", "Teresa Palmer (Dorothy Schuttle)", "Hugo Weaving (Tom Doss)", "Rachel Griffiths (Bertha Doss)", "Ryan Corr (Lt. Manville)", "Richard Roxburgh (Colonel Stelzer)", "Luke Pegler (Milt 'Hollywood' Zane)", "Firass Dirani (Vito Rinnelli)", "Goran D. Kleut (Andy 'Ghoul' Walker)", "Nathaniel Buzolic (Harold Doss)", "Ori Pfeffer (Irv Schecter)", "Matthew Nable (Lt. Cooney)", "Jacob Warner (James Pinnick)", "Richard Pyros (Randall \"Teach\" Fuller)", "Ben Mingay (Grease Nolan)", "Harry Greenwood (Henry Brown)", "Damien Thomlinson (Ralph Morgan)", "Robert Morgan (Colonel Sangston)", "Milo Gibson (Lucky Ford)", "John Batziolas (Private Schulenburg)", "John Cannon (Corporal Cannon)", "Mikael Koski (Private Giles)", "Charles Jacobs (Private Webb)", "Ben O'Toole (Corporal Jessop)", "James Lugton (Hiker)", "Tim McGarry (Local Man)", "Tyler Coppin (Lynchburg Doctor)", "Dennis Kreusler (Sergeant Amos)", "Nico Cortez (Wal Kirzinski)", "Helmut Bakaitis (Minister)", "Bill Young (General Musgrove)", "Benedict Hardie (Captain Daniels)", "Philip Quast (Judge)", "James Mackay (Prosecutor)", "Sam Parsonson (96th Soldier Bob)", "Sean Lynch (Popeye)", "Hayden Geens (Wounded Private Blake)", "Tim Potter (Soldier Hank)", "Santo Tripodi (Soldier Carl)", "Laurence Brewer (Head Doctor)", "Nobuaki Shimamoto (Japanese Officer)", "Hiroshi Kasuga (Japanese Hanging Soldier)", "Yuki Nagashima (Rescued Japanese Soldier)", "Taki Abe (Japanese Sniper)", "Taka Uematsu (Reacting Japanese Soldier)", "Yoji Tatsuta (Japanese General)", "Milan Pulvermacher (Billy Bob (uncredited))", "Thomas Unger (Stretcher Bearer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "starks94", "content": "Out of all the films nominated for best picture, there is one that isn\u2019t getting much attention at all. In Hacksaw Ridge, the narrative surrounding the film doesn\u2019t have much to do the film at all because it\u2019s identity seems to be centered on Mel Gibson\u2019s comeback.\r\n\r\nRead More: https://reviews.boxofficebuz.com/review/hacksaw-ridge"}, {"pseudo": "dragon_boi", "content": "I first saw Hacksaw Ridge, back in November when it first came out.. Went to an afternoon screening and it was packed. From the very first scene to the last , I was in awe. This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. The last 30 minutes of the film, I had tears rolling down my cheeks. After it ended, it got a 5 minute standing ovation. Braveheart is my all time favourite movie and have seen it over 200 times., but this might just be my new favourite movie. I have seen it 6 times now, and cried every time. It is such an emotional film. The story of the HERO Desmond Doss is truly inspiring.Thank you Mel Gibson and Desmond Doss Jr. for letting us know more about this remarkable man. Hugo Weaving was robbed of an Oscar nomination. Andrew Garfield blew my away with his performance and it is Vince Vaughn's best performance as well. It is the best film of 2016."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**On the battlefront, his intention was to save the lives.**\r\n\r\nThe film was awesome, mainly because of the good message it carried out. That's not it, the film was well made with the wonderful cast and their great performances. The special effects were top notch, as well as the location where the majority of the second half takes place. This is a US-Australian co-production. Mel Gibson returned to the director's chair with a bang after exactly a decade. It got six Oscars nominees, so let's wait and see how many awards it grabs.\r\n\r\nIt was the World War II theme, based on a real person and events. It tells the story of an American youngster named Desmond Doss, who joins the army to contribute to his nation. But for his religious point of view, he struggles during the training. After managing to make through, the remaining film focused to reveal his bravery on the battlefield against the Japanese armed forces at Okinawa in a place called Hacsaw Ridge.\r\n\r\nThe story was based on one of the ten commandments. Doss, who strongly believes in that carries the same ideology to the combat zone. But all the initial part of the film reflects why he is very on to it. Especially after a fight with his brother in his childhood, followed by saving a severely injured man in a road accident just before deciding to join the army. So it is like both, a war film, as well as an anti-war theme. Most importantly, it tells us the bravery of a man, like of something Gandhi in the battlefield.\r\n\r\nHe did it in what he had believed, but my perspective differs. I liked the film, as a biopic and the message it delivered. Very entertaining too, but when it comes to Doss' belief, I think it was flawed. In the first place he would have not joined the army if he's true to the commandment. That's the basic rule of the commandment if one wants to adopt it.\r\n\r\nHe was just one of the unique person with such idea and luckily succeeded following it in a hostile situation. Only if you think all his episodes from an atheist perspective, that's how you would feel. One of the major reasons for that is, when he saves his men by letting his enemy die. But appreciable effort, at least from the Americans perspective. A true hero for his nation. One of the best war films ever. Instead of saying a must see film, I would say don't miss it.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [338766, 334541, 363676, 334543]}