{"tmdb_id": 324807, "title": "A Bigger Splash", "original_title": "A Bigger Splash", "slug_title": "a-bigger-splash", "date": "2015-11-26", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un couple \u00e9l\u00e9gant et sophistiqu\u00e9 passe des vacances romantiques dans une villa sur l'\u00eele de Pantelleria en Italie. Mais la visite impromptue d\u2019un vieil ami accompagn\u00e9 d\u2019une s\u00e9duisante jeune fille va venir semer le trouble.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uMJhOiPpSuDFbJc5z6c8hD9h8CQ.jpg", "actors": ["Tilda Swinton (Marianne Lane)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Paul De Smedt)", "Ralph Fiennes (Harry Hawkes)", "Dakota Johnson (Penelope Lanier)", "Aurore Cl\u00e9ment (Mireille)", "Corrado Guzzanti (Maresciallo Carabinieri)", "Lily McMenamy (Sylvie)", "Elena Bucci (Clara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Italian holiday! Musics, dances and the water splash.**\r\n\r\nNo offense whoever liked it, but for me it is one of the bad films of the year. It is not a Hollywood, but the cast is and an English language film entirely shot in Italy. The performances were powerful, but the story was weak, maybe the pace to blame. Because it is a two hour long drama about the triangular (maybe quadrangle) romance who are holidaying in Italy. Musical presentation was the highlight and most of the time sets near water like a pool or the sea where water splash happens very often like it was mentioned in the title.\r\n\r\nTilda Swinton speaks rarely in it, but her presence was good. Matthias Schoenerts was one of the main cast, but his frequent on and off makes his presence ineffective. And then Dakota Johnson, I don't know why she's in this, but glamouraouly impacted the storytelling. With all this, Ralph Fiennes led the narration alone, with his brilliant act. Like he was never seen before, awesome dedication. I think it should be watched for him, but not enough to praise the overall film.\r\n\r\nIf you are looking for a normal drama, this is not the right one to pick. This is kind of experimental film, but there's nothing more refreshing, most of the contents were boring. There's no story, just a vacation events where one another all the main characters try to impress. So it is definitely not for everyone, but if you like it, that's good for the film and you, Whatever, I won't favour it unless you got nothing else to try. The music was good, the locations were beautiful, but the film soared with its weakness than the good stuffs and that's how it fared.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [342737, 41110, 311291, 336050], "youtube_key": "3zC13ekq1Sk"}