{"tmdb_id": 324857, "title": "Spider-Man : New Generation", "original_title": "Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse", "slug_title": "spider-man-new-generation", "date": "2018-12-07", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Animation / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.4/10", "synopsis": "SPIDER-MAN : NEW GENERATION pr\u00e9sente Miles Morales, un adolescent vivant \u00e0 Brooklyn, et r\u00e9v\u00e8le les possibilit\u00e9s illimit\u00e9es du Spider-Verse, un univers o\u00f9 plus d\u2019un peut porter le masque\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iiZZdoQBEYBv6id8su7ImL0oCbD.jpg", "actors": ["Shameik Moore (Miles Morales / Spider-Man (voice))", "Jake Johnson (Peter B. Parker / Spider-Man (voice))", "Hailee Steinfeld (Gwen Stacy / Spider-Woman (voice))", "Mahershala Ali (Aaron Davis / Prowler (voice))", "Brian Tyree Henry (Jefferson Davis (voice))", "Lily Tomlin (May Parker (voice))", "Lauren V\u00e9lez (Rio Morales (voice))", "Zo\u00eb Kravitz (Mary Jane Watson (voice))", "John Mulaney (Peter Porker / Spider-Ham (voice))", "Kimiko Glenn (Peni Parker / SP//dr (voice))", "Nicolas Cage (Peter Parker / Spider-Man Noir (voice))", "Kathryn Hahn (Olivia \"Liv\" Octavius / Doctor Octopus (voice))", "Liev Schreiber (Wilson Fisk / Kingpin (voice))", "Chris Pine (Peter Parker / Spider-Man (voice))", "Natalie Morales (Miss Calleros (voice))", "Edwin H. Bravo (Brooklyn Visions Security Guard (voice))", "Oscar Isaac (Miguel O'Hara / Spider-Man 2099 (voice))", "Greta Lee (Lyla (voice))", "Stan Lee (Stan / Earth-67 J. Jonah Jameson (voice))", "Jorma Taccone (Norman Osborn / Green Goblin / Earth-67 Peter Parker / Spider-Man (voice))", "Joaqu\u00edn Cosio (Scorpion (voice))", "Marvin 'Krondon' Jones III (Tombstone (voice))", "Kim Yarbrough (Scientist In Cafeteria (voice))", "Lake Bell (Vanessa Fisk (voice))", "Nick Jaine (Math Teacher (voice))", "Muneeb Rehman (Literature Teacher (voice))", "Post Malone (Brooklyn Bystander (voice))", "Melanie Haynes (Logic Teacher (voice))", "Lex Lang (Additional Voices (voice))", "Christopher Miller (Additional Voices (voice))", "Scott Menville (Additional Voices (voice))", "Juan Pacheco (Additional Voices (voice))", "Miguel Jiron (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "trineo03", "content": "First of all, I love the animation style in this film. The animation in this film is styled to look like an actual comic book. I think this approach for this kind of film was an excellent choice because we\u2019ve all seen the usual kind of animation but nothing like this. To tie in with the animation I need to talk about the action scenes in this film. These tie in with the animation because of the way the directors styled the action shots is to look like something in a comic panel. Most people don\u2019t know who Miles Morales is and after this film, you\u2019ll want to learn more about him because of how they made him so relatable in this film. He acts like a typical teen in this situation compared to other versions of Spider-Man. Other versions kind of just acted like they always knew how to use their powers when Miles struggles with his. Miles isn\u2019t the only relatable character film all of them are. The creators of this film did a \u201cMarvel\u201dous job at making each character in this film somebody at least one person in the audience can relate to. All of the voice actors did a great job in their respected roles but it would\u2019ve been nice to have a returning voice to at least one of the Spider-Man. It would\u2019ve been cool to hear a returning voice even if it was for a few seconds. I have to talk about the humour in this film. It isn\u2019t overpowered in this film and I felt like it had just the right amount of humour that will make everybody laugh. They poke fun of things that wouldn\u2019t make sense in a real movie and other Spider-Man movies. Not a single moment in this film felt rushed or slowed down every scene felt the right pace for a movie like this. The cinematography in this movie was spectacular. This is probably because of it looking like a comic book and how the lighting needs to match up with how it would look in an actual book. If you are a comic book junkie you\u2019ll love all of the easter eggs in this film. Some of them just comic book readers will get but others a majority of people will understand. The music in this film is fantastic. Every song in this film isn\u2019t overused and matches perfectly with the age of the character. Somebody Miles age would be listening to the type of music he listens to. And the music without lyrics helps increase the emotion in the film. Also, there are two end credit scenes that are worth waiting for. In the end, this film is perfect for everybody. I give Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse a 10/10."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "It's true I liked it less than perhaps the vast majority of _Spider-Verse's_ audience, but this was still great, the animation enamouring, and the depth of its story and reference totally engaging. Not to me the best Spider-Man movie as many have said, (that honour still goes to _Homecoming_) but a blast all the same.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "DohnJoe", "content": "My wife doesn\u2019t care for Spider-Man at all - as Batman is her favorite superhero.\r\n\r\nWith that being said, she loves this movie to death, along with my son and I. It\u2019s safe to say we\u2019ve watched this movie over 10 times and we\u2019ve shown it to all our friends. It\u2019s a really great movie that promotes diversity, good animation, and has a great story. I highly recommend to all who are interested in watching."}], "recommandations_id": [299537, 404368, 297802, 363088], "youtube_key": "g4Hbz2jLxvQ"}