{"tmdb_id": 325078, "title": "Aurora Teagarden - 1 - Un crime en h\u00e9ritage", "original_title": "A Bone to Pick: An Aurora Teagarden Mystery", "slug_title": "aurora-teagarden-1-un-crime-en-heritage", "date": "2015-04-04", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Myst\u00e8re / Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Aurora Teagarden, biblioth\u00e9caire et membre du club litt\u00e9raire des amateurs de meurtres, a la surprise d'\u00eatre d\u00e9sign\u00e9e seule h\u00e9riti\u00e8re d'une vieille femme qui n'\u00e9tait qu'une connaissance. La voil\u00e0 \u00e0 la t\u00eate d'une belle somme d'argent, de bijoux, et surtout d'une maison. Mais lorsqu'elle y d\u00e9couvre un cr\u00e2ne humain, cach\u00e9 sous une banquette, elle comprend qu'elle a surtout h\u00e9rit\u00e9 d'un meurtre \u00e0 r\u00e9soudre. Comment mener l'enqu\u00eate aupr\u00e8s du voisinage sans \u00e9veiller les soup\u00e7ons ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/toF4KPoxu4dvkB7J6D3iOBd3QSu.jpg", "actors": ["Candace Cameron Bure (Aurora Teagarden)", "Lexa Doig (Sally Allison)", "Marilu Henner (Aida Teagarden)", "Bruce Dawson (John Queensland)", "Peter Benson (Arthur Smith)", "Sonya Salomaa (Marcia Rideout)", "Stephen Huszar (Father Scott Aubrey)", "Dan Payne (Torrance Rideout)", "Miranda Frigon (Lynn Liggett)", "Fiona Vroom (Carey Osland)", "David Ingram (Macon Turner)", "Daniel Bacon (Lemaster Cane)", "Barbara Wallace (Jane Engles)", "Ellie Harvie (Lillian Tibbett)", "Craig March (Captain Frederick Burns)", "Dave Collette (Bubba Rankart)", "Darla Fay (Maisie Schlumper)", "Sean Quan (Jared)", "Roz Murray (Linda Turner)", "V.J. Delos-Reyes (Bob)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A piece of puzzle and the murder mystery.**\r\n\r\nAnother year, another November, it's time to pick a new film series and I have chosen Aurora Teagarden. This is a fictional character based on the series of a crime novel published in the last three decades. The book series is not over yet. There are ten books total for now, but only six films were made so far. All of them a television production, made for Hallmark channel.\r\n\r\nThey have chosen a second book to open the account for a new film franchise. I haven't read the original source, but I did not find any difficulties in the introduction of the characters. Once I watch the next film, which was actually based on the first book, I'll know the reason why. It all started off nice and slowly. Aurora is divorced young woman, works in a library. Decent life with one best friend, rent paying mother and people likes her. She's enthusiastic in unsolved crimes. A member in one of those kind of clubs where people gather and talk about stuffs.\r\n\r\nSo it all begins when an old woman died and leaving behind all the wealth and property to her. They were never known well each other, but soon she finds there something behind it. Then she discovers a potential evident. And using that, she tries to find what actually happened and who did. The attempt fails, though she never gives up. Finally decides to go on an alternate way where the truth must come out. Does it all go accordingly! And how the rest of the story progresses were told with a twist.\r\n\r\n> \u275dReading it won't help you solve every mystery, but it might help with one or two.\u275e\r\n\r\nThere's a difference between cops solving crimes and ordinary people doing the same. Aurora is not one of those ordinary women. She just misplaced with her profession. Even her ex husband was a cop. That tells why they had married in the first place, even though they never truly loved one another. Despite her passion to solve the crimes, seems nobody around her encouraging enough. That's including her best friend and her own mother. Then there is no give-up attitude, that makes her to take wild decisions, not worrying about the consequences.\r\n\r\nBeing a crime-mystery, they have included some nice moments. Overall decently written. Nothing like that you haven't seen them before. But interests enough to hook up for an 80 minute. Especially for a television quality, it passes. But, there's no clear picture what was the objective. Was it a murder-mystery or any other crime. Yes, the opening few seconds had given a big clue, but the real crime scene was never revealed in pictures like how it all happened. I was very curious to see it rather hear about it. That's why I watch films instead of reading books.\r\n\r\nIt was just a first film, fairly familiarised the universe. Going to the second, surely I would find more comfortable. Especially anticipating other characters to contribute in the main story stream. Not everything's about the crime, I hope the romance part would be progressed well in the following films. As usual the television world is ruled by women, this is also a woman oriented tale. But for all ages. Just don't expect big, like Hollywood level. This little Canadian film definitely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [339580, 455034, 393737, 414768], "youtube_key": "notfound"}