{"tmdb_id": 325348, "title": "Hardcore Henry", "original_title": "Hardcore Henry", "slug_title": "hardcore-henry", "date": "2015-09-12", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Attachez votre ceinture. Hardcore Henry est certainement l\u2019exp\u00e9rience la plus intense et la plus originale \u00e0 vivre au cin\u00e9ma depuis bien longtemps ! Vous ne vous souvenez de rien. Votre femme vient de vous ramener \u00e0 la vie. Elle vous apprend votre nom : Henry. Cinq minutes plus tard, vous \u00eates la cible d\u2019une arm\u00e9e de mercenaires men\u00e9e par un puissant chef militaire en qu\u00eate de domination du monde. Vous parvenez \u00e0 vous \u00e9chapper mais votre femme se fait kidnapper. Vous voil\u00e0 perdu dans un Moscou hostile. Ici tout le monde semble vouloir votre mort. Vous ne pouvez compter sur personne. Sauf peut-\u00eatre sur le myst\u00e9rieux Jimmy. Pouvez-vous lui faire confiance ? Arriverez-vous \u00e0 survivre \u00e0 ce chaos, sauver votre femme et \u00e0 faire la lumi\u00e8re sur votre v\u00e9ritable identit\u00e9 ? Bonne chance Henry, vous allez en avoir besoin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qfWLO0iXmbvxzyk0ez4pXrgkRDM.jpg", "actors": ["Sharlto Copley (Jimmy)", "Haley Bennett (Estelle)", "Danila Kozlovsky (Akan)", "Tim Roth (Henry's Father)", "Andrei Dementiev (Henry / Slick Dmitry)", "Ilya Naishuller (Tim)", "Darya Charusha (Dominatrix)", "Will Stewart (Robbie)", "Svetlana Ustinova (Olga the Dominatrix)", "Cyrus Arnold (Nat/Young Bully #2)", "Oleg Poddubnyy (Yuri)", "Jack Hahn (Young Bully #1)", "Jake Karlen (Young Bully #3)", "Aleksandr Pal (Aleksandr Pal)", "Martin Cooke (Marty)", "Sergey Chekrygin (Parking Lot Security)", "Evgeniy Bazhenov (Cyborg)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A video game that you won't play, but watch!\r\n\r\nThe entire story was told from the Henry's perspective, I mean what he sees through his eyes are the visuals we get. The first person point of view. Like the video games, but you won't play, just sit back and watch it. So you won't see the Henry's face, because he's you and you won't utter a word. That character was actually performed by many stuntmen and their risky stunt sequences pay off so well. That means, the main character is the cinematographer of the film. So all the credit must go to them for doing multiple task at a same time.\r\n\r\nIt is a one day event based narration. All about running and chasing, right from the beginning. Along the way it lets us know why it's taking place and who's behind it. The rest of the cast was too amazing, especially that South African actor of 'District 9' fame was simply brilliant with different getups. I also enjoyed the Russian locations which were something refreshing.\r\n\r\nThe story was simple, but puzzled. They explained nearly everything, yet a few doubts remain with us. So I'm expecting a follow-up, more than that I want it to be a trilogy and nothing less. For the sequel, put us in the cinema hall, but give us Virtual Reality Headset, I think that's how the future of cinema should be, especially for this film.\r\n\r\nVery unique and craziest film, one of the best of this year. It was kind of similar to Statham's 'Crank', as well as good as that one. If you like action films, then surely you would love it. Especially if you're a gamer, then it will be a double treat. The Americans did not show interest in this like usual which is not Hollywood or British. Especially critics never appreciated the creativity, but this is a must see film and the rest of the world accepted the truth. So don't think of skipping it.\r\n\r\n8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "\"_Chronicle_\" meets \"_Shoot 'Em Up_\".\r\n\r\nLike _John Wick_, I knew I was going to see this movie when they had a Payday 2 tie-in. But truth be told I was already clued onto it before hand, and it had my interest piqued, because it looked like something new. Which we don't get a whole lot of these days.\r\n\r\nI went in to _Hardcore Henry_ pretty blind, because the trailers give yo very little information. And that was a good way to watch it. All you need to know going forward is that it's bloody, and it's entirely shot from the first person perspective. If those are both things you can handle, then I can't recommend Hardcore Henry strongly enough.\r\n\r\nI can understand how these things would turn some people off, and I'm not going to sit here and tell you _Hardcore Henry_ should take home the Oscar for Best Picture, but as en exercise in catharsis it is brilliant, and as a self-aware black comedy, it's even better. There were genuinely more times in this movie that I was out-loud laughing then any other movie I've watched this year. Likewise for the person who saw it with me.\r\n\r\nNot for the faint of heart, but definitely worth it for someone with similar sensibilities to me.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}], "recommandations_id": [267193, 146198, 313922, 94329], "youtube_key": "4JVgQzBG5Ho"}