{"tmdb_id": 325334, "title": "Fast", "original_title": "Fast", "slug_title": "fast", "date": "1995-06-07", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Jean-Louis is an naive, amiable orphan who spent his life with his elderly and very strict grandfather. Jean-Louis was a 25-year old virgin when a free-spirited young Parisian woman was temporarily stranded in his village after a bus broke down. She left him a changed man, and she also left a match book from a fast food restaurant called Fast Burger. Soon after his grandfather passes away, the innocent rube Jean-Louis hops on his bike and embarks upon a quest to Paris to find this enigmatic woman. But he is not prepared for the size of Paris, and instead ends up working at a Fast Burger outlet himself. Jean-Louis is a simple soul and freely expresses himself without guile. For some reason this endears him to the staff and management; soon he has been promoted into the upper echelons of the company. One day he meets a rather ditzy Metro security guard, Henriette, who is also at sea in the big city. The kindred spirits click and a sweet romance ensues.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Ai1vJjK5Mv8SEJXbV27h5nP3Azl.jpg", "actors": ["Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric G\u00e9lard (Jean-Louis)", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois St\u00e9venin (Francis)", "Karin Viard (La fille aux cheveux jaunes (comme des frites))", "Nathalie Schmidt (Henriette)", "Georges Claisse (Mr. Humbert)", "Paul Crauchet (P\u00e9p\u00e9)", "Ga\u00ebl Baron (Ga\u00ebl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}