{"tmdb_id": 325518, "title": "Filmstar Fish: Struggle For Survival", "original_title": "Filmstar Fish: Struggle For Survival", "slug_title": "filmstar-fish-struggle-for-survival", "date": "2011-02-14", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "The Academy Award-winning animated movie \u201cFinding Nemo\u201d was a financial blockbuster. Ironically, the movie\u2019s message of conservation has been swamped. Now everyone wants their own Nemo, with soaring demand driving a hugely profitable tropical fish industry. Twenty million clownfish, worth $ 500 million will be taken from the wild this year. Featuring all new HD footage of the lives of these fascinating creatures, this new documentary investigates the impact the movie has had on their survival.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jQHkIRpHgpuxtVnspMEIh2z0eD5.jpg", "actors": ["John Boyle (Narrator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ByteShare", "content": "https://lucyinnovation.wordpress.com/2011/03/12/saving-nemo-film-star-fish-fight-for-survival/\r\n\r\nLast Friday I joined a few hundred underwater fanatics at the Royal Geographical Society for the London Diving Chambers\u2019 annual dive lecture in support of the Scuba Trust. Two specialists shared their passion for their underwater careers; John Boyle and Dr John Copley.\r\n\r\nJohn Boyle; self-taught underwater film maker and owner of Shark Bay Films shared stories of his underwater film adventures. He encouraged us to take his lead and do what we love, and love what we do. Can\u2019t argue with that \u2013 although he admitted doing what you love doesn\u2019t always bring in the money and circumcision filming pays more. But that\u2019s a different story.\r\n\r\nAs well as inspiring film footage John told us about the concept for his film \u2018Saving Nemo\u2019. A fishcumentary (invented word) to raise awareness about the increased demand for Nemos (or clown fish or anemone fish as they are also known). The market for these fish has increased massively after the Disney blockbuster Finding Nemo captured the hearts and minds of children across the globe and inspired them to find a Nemo of their own.\r\n\r\nIn Thailand the illegal Nemo trade is flourishing, putting the lives of these colourful fishy guys, and in turn the reefs they live on in peril. I\u2019ve commentedbefore on concerns about the destruction of our underwater ecosystems and the yet unrealised consequences that this may have on the health of our planet. Nemo farming adds to the picture of underwater destruction.\r\n\r\nDisney objected to Shark Bay Films using the name \u2018Nemo\u2019 in the title of their Saving Nemo film. Disney forced Shark Bay Films to rename and edit Saving Nemo to remove all references to Nemo.  For a small operation like Shark Bay Films this was a considerable outlay.\r\n\r\nSome may argue that Shark Bay Films were naive, perhaps foolish to call their film Saving Nemo. However, in my opinion Disney does have some responsibility in helping to protect the ecosystems that the success of their film has put at risk. The popularity of Finding Nemo has resulted in children across the world wanting their own Nemos. This demand has been met by illegal fishing and farming which is threatening the existence of this brightly coloured stripey species and the reefs they live on.  We are yet to realise the bigger impact this will have on our oceans and the planet.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nSo I think Disney should have been more gracious towards Saving Nemo, it was an opportunity for them to give something back to help a situation that they had an undeniable part in creating.\r\n\r\nThe Shark Bay Film production Saving Nemo is now more commonly known as Film star fish \u2013 the struggle for survival\r\n\r\nShame on you Disney."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}