{"tmdb_id": 32569, "title": "L'horrible cas du Docteur X", "original_title": "X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes", "slug_title": "l-horrible-cas-du-docteur-x", "date": "1963-09-18", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Par manque de credits, le docteur Xavier s'inocule sur lui-meme un serum de vision qui lui permet de voir a travers le corps humain ou le papier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uyKT18IbzzKOoECknPY2iehuLXT.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Dr. James Xavier)", "Diana Van der Vlis (Dr. Diane Fairfax)", "Harold J. Stone (Dr. Sam Brant)", "John Hoyt (Dr. Willard Benson)", "Don Rickles (Crane)", "Dick Miller (John Trask, Heckler (uncredited))", "Jonathan Haze (Heckler (uncredited))", "Kathryn Hart (Mrs. Hart (uncredited))", "John Dierkes (Preacher (uncredited))", "Morris Ankrum (Mr. Bowhead (uncredited))", "Barboura Morris (Nurse with Young Patient (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1963 and directed by Roger Corman, \"X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes\" chronicles events in Los Angeles when a doctor (Ray Milland) develops a formula that grants x-ray vision, which derails his career and forces him to join a carnival, using his new power to make a living. Diana Van der Vlis plays his disciple while Don Rickles is on hand as a carnival barker.  \r\n\r\nThe early 60\u2019s vibe is to die for, but the beginning is rather dull. Things perk up at an adult party where the aging doctor tries to keep hip and eventually sees everyone nakkid (lol). The carnival sequence and what it leads into are arguably the best parts, although the Vegas and tent revival episodes have their attractions. The movie scores meh on the female front, but Lorrie Summers and Cathie Merchant have small parts.                \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 19 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles, California & Las Vegas, Nevada. WRITERS: Robert Dillon and Ray Russell. ADDITIONAL CAST: Harold J. Stone and John Hoyt play colleagues of the doctor. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If thine eyes offend thee...  \r\n\r\nBrilliant Doctor Xavier is working on a a serum to hopefully improve human sight, he stumbles upon a formula that can give subjects x-ray vision. Refusing to wait for approval from colleagues, and driven by the potential the serum has, he tests it on himself. At first it seems to be a remarkable, almost beautiful thing, but as things move on, Xavier spirals downwards towards the darkest depths that man can see.\r\n\r\nX is a totally memorable piece of sci-fi schlock, at times visceral with its weirdness, and at others wholly disturbing, this ranks as one of the best of director Roger Corman's efforts. Ray Milland takes the lead role of Xavier and adds a touch of class to the proceedings, Xavier's descent is quite something to observe with Milland layering it perfectly. From the jaunty hilarity of being able to see thru peoples clothes, to the joy of being able to beat the casino at their own game, Xavier still has to go further because his pain is too much to bear, and only come the final shocking finale are we the viewers able to see clearly Xavier's pain. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29056, 30137, 26865, 29959], "youtube_key": "4clwgHEOYMo"}