{"tmdb_id": 32574, "title": "L'Homme de la rue", "original_title": "Meet John Doe", "slug_title": "l-homme-de-la-rue", "date": "1941-03-12", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Pour retrouver son poste, la journaliste Ann Mitchell invente un personnage nomm\u00e9 John Doe qu'elle fait passer pour r\u00e9el dans une lettre de suicide d\u00e9non\u00e7ant le malaise social ambiant. Elle engage alors un d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 John Willoughby pour se faire passer pour ce fameux John Doe. Mais, celui-ci se prend au jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hkzhpNjoSzebeEHm1Y2qGXrapEd.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Stanwyck (Ann Mitchell)", "Gary Cooper (Long John Willoughby)", "Edward Arnold (D.B. Norton)", "Walter Brennan (The Colonel)", "Spring Byington (Mme Mitchell)", "James Gleason (Henry Connell)", "Gene Lockhart (Mayor Lovett)", "Rod La Rocque (Ted Sheldon)", "Irving Bacon (Beany)", "Mitchell Lewis (Bennett)", "Sterling Holloway (Dan)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Sourpuss Smithers)", "Regis Toomey (Bert Hansen)", "J. Farrell MacDonald ('Sourpuss')", "Warren Hymer (Angelface)", "Harry Holman (Mayor Hawkins)", "Andrew Tombes (Spencer)", "Pierre Watkin (Hammett)", "Vaughan Glaser (Governor)", "Harry Davenport (Former Bulletin Owner)", "Ann Doran (Mrs. Hansen)", "Franklyn Farnum ((uncredited))", "Pat Flaherty (Mike)", "Bess Flowers (Mattie)", "James Millican (Photographer)", "Bert Moorhouse (Man at Stadium Rally)", "Frank Moran ((uncredited))", "Bert Stevens (Radio Station Audience Member)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The meek can only inherit the earth when the John Doe's start loving their neighbours.\r\n\r\nAfter crafting Mr. Deeds Goes to Town and Mr. Smith Goes To Washington for Columbia, Capra quit and made this third film about an average Joe who is thrust into a powerful world where exploitation is high on the agenda. Thus, in true Capra style the story unfolds to a customary flip flop triumph.\r\n\u200b\r\nAnn Mitchell (Barbara Stanwyck) is a struggling journalist who gets fired from her newspaper job by new editor Henry Connell (James Gleason). By way of venting her frustrations she writes in her stinging last article about a man called John Doe who is tired of being pushed around and held back by the big bosses. She finishes the piece by claiming that Doe will commit suicide on Christmas Eve by leaping off of the roof of city hall. The public react to the letter with tremendous heart and Doe becomes a champion of the people. Enter a certain unemployed minor league pitcher named Long John Willoughby (Gary Cooper), who down on his luck is prepared to be the mythical John Doe.\u200b\r\n\u200b\r\nIn true Capra form there's a jovial glee pumping through the pic for the first half, luring us in with characterisations that charm us personified. A make believe baseball game is delightful (the actors superb), the attraction between Doe and Mitchell believable and understandable, but all the time there's a cynicism hovering like a conglomerate cancer, making us wonder if this Capracorn has bitten off more than it can chew?\u200b\r\n\u200b\r\nThe Sourpuss Smithers Speech.\u200b\r\n\u200b\r\nKapow! Here's Capra in full effect, tantalising and daring us not to be swept away with his call to arms for humanity to exist on a par with each other. Observe as the soda jerk gives it his all and Cooper the magnificent shifts between joy and sheepish shame purely on visual ticks alone. Pic has now shifted into a dark territory, trawling dark territories that has often\u200b been forgotten where Capra is concerned. Whilst arguably not being up with the best Capra films in his armoury, it is however one of his smartest. The portrayal of the human spirit in many guises is stark and poignant, whilst thematically Capra got his point over about the unsavoury elements blossoming in America.\r\n\r\nThe cast are nailed on watchable, Cooper as Doe has the right amount of sympathy and guts to draw the audience into Doe's mindset, and in one rousing address he has the viewers in the palm of his hand. Stanwyck as Mitchell delivers a multi stranded emotional\u200b turn that calls for convincing thesping, which she delivers in spades, while the support cast are all solid with the stand out a bizarrely unnerving Edward Arnold as D B. Norton, now here is a man wishing to be a dictator if ever there was one! 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24807, 34106, 13562, 3086]}