{"tmdb_id": 325740, "title": "The Last American Guido", "original_title": "The Last American Guido", "slug_title": "the-last-american-guido", "date": "2014-04-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the \u201890s, Tommy Lasurdo ruled the Jersey club scene. His style, moves, and sheer confidence were unprecedented. Nowadays, Tommy runs an Italian Deli to support his family. His hairline has receded and his fashion has faded. When Tommy discovers his fianc\u00e9e, Stefi, had an affair, he is forced back into a world that has passed him by. His friends Stan and Nick reintroduce him to the NJ nightlife. He struggles to adapt to a younger world of $400 bottles of vodka, \u201ciced out chains\u201d and super-spiked hair. Tommy, sinking deeper into crisis, accepts the cautionary advice of a town degenerate and through newfound motivation meets an adorable Texan named Gina. The couple hits it off. Tommy lands his own reality-television show--\u201cThe Last American Guido\u201d\u2014and things are looking up. That is until Gina\u2019s overly protective ex, Johnny, conspires with Stefi in a plot to use Tommy\u2019s reality show against him and sabotage his relationship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f35uFn0Jx55nMRD8StgseBiHGNH.jpg", "actors": ["Mike DiGiacinto (Tommy)", "Letitia Becker (Lizette)", "Noah Benjamin Astor (Johnny)", "Patricia Black (Maria)", "Tony Calogero (Goomba)", "Tom Cappadona (Old man)", "Heather Capuano (Fernado's Sex Partner)", "Christine Cislo (Club Goer)", "Robert Costanzo (Uncle Felix)", "Joseph DeVito (Franky)", "Kim Director (Rose Michelle)", "Paul Dunleavy (Mcnally)", "Yolanda English (Nightclub Waitress)", "Joe Ferraro (Stan)", "Jason Greco (Ref)", "Molly Groome (Gina)", "Afroditi Kontos (Stefi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}