{"tmdb_id": 32615, "title": "The Offence", "original_title": "The Offence", "slug_title": "the-offence", "date": "1973-01-11", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "1972. Dans une banlieue grise et anonyme d'une grande ville d'Angleterre. Le sergent Johnson (Sean Connery), un policier brutal et moustachu ayant 20 ans d'exp\u00e9rience, se lance aux trousses d'un violeur de fillettes. Tr\u00e8s vite, un \u00e9trange individu (Ian Bannen) est arr\u00eat\u00e9. L'interrogatoire se met en place. Commence alors, pour les deux hommes, une v\u00e9ritable nuit d'horreur\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eoqC3JjcOobISwJ1oYCRRIPLgId.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (Detective Sergeant Johnson)", "Trevor Howard (Lieutenant Cartwright, Detective Superintendant)", "Vivien Merchant (Maureen Johnson)", "Ian Bannen (Kenneth Baxter)", "Peter Bowles (Detective Inspector Cameron)", "Derek Newark (Frank Jessard)", "Ronald Radd (Lawson)", "John Hallam (Panton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Something Like the Truth \r\n\r\nThe Offence is directed by Sidney Lumet and adapted to screenplay by John Hopkins from his own play titled This Story of Yours. It stars Sean Connery, Ian Bannen, Trevor Howard and Vivien Merchant. Cinematography is by Gerry Fisher and music by Harrison Birtwistle. \r\n\r\nDetective Sergeant Johnson (Connery) has been with the British Police Force for two decades, in that time he has been witness to countless murders, rapes and other serious crimes. The images, the people he has had to deal with, have left a terrible mark on him. When suspected child sex attacker Kenneth Baxter (Bannen) comes up for interrogation by Johnson, his mind starts to fracture and he loses control, unleashing a dark side that comes out both physically and mentally. \r\n\r\nYou wouldn't think it possible for Lumet and Connery to have a hidden gem in their respective career outputs, but The Offence is very much just that. An unnerving skin itcher with an upsetting narrative core, The Offence was a commercial flop. It barely got released across the globe and only found its way onto home format release in the last 10 years. The film only got made after Connery struck a deal with United Artists, he would only return as James Bond for Diamonds Are Forever if they backed him for a couple of projects. One of which was The Offence, so with free licence to play Johnson, and his choice of Lumet in the directing chair, Connery got the film made. \r\n\r\nSet with a bleak concrete back drop of a \"New Town\" (cheaply built monstrosities the government knocked up to ease the housing issues), The Offence is a fascinating blend of police procedural and psychological drama. It poses many questions, and thrives on ambiguity to the point repeat viewings are a must, but in the main what shrieks out is the thematic point of one mans harrowing employment taking its toll on he himself. Is it possible that you can only chase and be amongst monsters yourself for so long before you become one of that number? It's invariably hard to recommend the film as high entertainment, a comfy night in by the fire this film is not. But as film art, a searing character study and acting supreme, it scores impressively high whilst tantalisingly tickling the cranium. \r\n\r\nIt's fair to say it's very dialogue heavy, and Lumet as polished a director as he is, keeps it grainy, revelling in the bleakness of the story. Connery has never been better, utterly compelling, a brooding force of nature and as committed to role as he has ever been. Nor, too, arguably, has Bannen, the scenes shared between the two men are lessons in acting as they portray two warped minds bouncing off each with an unsettling force that grips us round the throat and refuses to let go long after the credits have rolled. Howard steps in to add a touch of mature quality, he too bringing the best out of Connery in the scenes they share, while Merchant as Johnson's \"on the outside\" wife, is raw and heartfelt. \r\n\r\nYou can't pigeon hole The Offence, it's very much one of a kind and it demands to be tracked down by serious film fans. From the low key score and foreboding 70s setting, to the gripper of a denouement, The Offence is an essential piece of British cinema. 9.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19621, 60759, 25501, 27292]}