{"tmdb_id": 326285, "title": "American Pastoral", "original_title": "American Pastoral", "slug_title": "american-pastoral", "date": "2016-10-20", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "L\u2019Am\u00e9rique des ann\u00e9es 60. Autrefois champion de sport de son lyc\u00e9e, Seymour Levov, dit \u00ab\u00a0le Su\u00e9dois\u00a0\u00bb, est devenu un riche homme d\u2019affaires mari\u00e9 \u00e0 Dawn, ancienne reine de beaut\u00e9. Mais les bouleversements sociopolitiques de l\u2019\u00e9poque font bient\u00f4t irruption dans la vie bourgeoise, en apparence idyllique, de Seymour. Lorsque sa fille ador\u00e9e, Merry, dispara\u00eet apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 accus\u00e9e d\u2019acte terroriste, il part \u00e0 sa recherche pour que sa famille soit de nouveau unie.  Profond\u00e9ment \u00e9branl\u00e9 par ce qu\u2019il d\u00e9couvre, il doit affronter le chaos qui secoue la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 am\u00e9ricaine et jette les bases d\u2019un nouveau monde.  La vie de famille ne sera plus jamais la m\u00eame\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h0xfvpIWogiAgZ8017JpPTbS12D.jpg", "actors": ["Ewan McGregor (Swede Levov)", "Jennifer Connelly (Dawn Levov)", "Dakota Fanning (Merry Levov)", "Peter Riegert (Lou Levov)", "Rupert Evans (Jerry Levov)", "Uzo Aduba (Vicky)", "Molly Parker (Sheila Smith)", "Valorie Curry (Rita Cohen)", "Hannah Nordberg (Merry (12 years old))", "Julia Silverman (Sylvia Levov)", "Mark Hildreth (Agent Dolan)", "Samantha Mathis (Penny Hamlin)", "David Strathairn (Nathan Zuckerman)", "Ocean James (Merry (8 years old))", "David Whalen (Bill Orcutt)", "Corrie Danieley (Jessie Orcutt)", "David Case (Russ Hamlin)", "Max Ivcic (Hamlin's Son)", "Chuck Diamond (Rabbi)", "Brian Knoebel (Young Guardsman)", "Carter Ellis (Guardsman #1)", "Nick Marzock (Reunion Singer)", "Tommy Lafitte (Freddy)", "Idole Zinobile (Harry)", "Peter Gannon (Cop Near Train Station)", "Emily Peachey (Hospital Nurse)", "Jenny Vos (Sanatorium Nurse)", "Davion Traylor (Demonstrator #1)", "Chukky Okobi (Demonstrator #2)", "Siovhan Christensen (Demonstrator #3)", "Yannick Hogarth (Demonstrator #4)", "Justin Lonesome (Demonstrator #5)", "Steven Ravid (Reunion Greeter #1)", "Ron Emanuel (Reunion Greeter #2)", "Kathy Emanuel (Reunion Greeter #3)", "Troy Bogdan (Sanatorium Worker (uncredited))", "Justin Clarke (Riot #3 (uncredited))", "Benjamin Donlow (Glove Factory Worker (uncredited))", "Amy Lyn Elliott (Glove Factory Worker (uncredited))", "Joe Fishel (Art Gallery Patron (uncredited))", "Electa Rawls (Glove Factory Worker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About a father who never gave up on his daughter!**\r\n\r\nThe book was from the 90s and the story is about the 60s. Narrated from the father's perspective, that's what I think did not work in this film. This is where a film and the book does not synch. Because books are always very detail when it describes a person. In the films, they are just a simple visual where viewers have to focus on those details to have a perfect impression like the book. So I totally point out to the writer who did not quite transformed the point of the storytelling.\r\n\r\nIt is not the parents to decide what their kids want to be. The film opened with a couple ready to get married, arguing with their elders about something. Soon it forwards to a few years where their relationship with their daughter seems not good. Further, they become more distant and completely lose her for the unrest in the society and the nation. But father never gives up. His love and care for her leads the way and what comes later is even more disturbing before it all ends.\r\n\r\nIt was Ewan McGregor's directional debut. I don't think he would try it again, not any time soon. But I would appreciate his quality of filmmaking. He only needs a better writer and the screenplay. I also think, he should not direct himself. I never considered him a best actor. I yet to see his performance. The film was not strong enough, if you are from outside the United States. Because what they call this 60s revolution was more a misunderstood by the young people. Particularly that religious thing, they were misled and spoiled their lives. So, instead of focusing that, the film centred on a father-daughter relationship. That is why it was a decent film. Otherwise I would have rated even wrose.\r\n\r\n_5.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [267192, 291351, 373476, 293767]}