{"tmdb_id": 32627, "title": "Le pi\u00e8ge", "original_title": "The MacKintosh Man", "slug_title": "le-piege", "date": "1973-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Sur les ordres de Mackintosh, le chef du contre-espionnage, Rearden vole un lot de diamants. D\u00e9nonc\u00e9, il est arr\u00eat\u00e9 et condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 20 ans de r\u00e9clusion. Mais un groupe occulte, les Scarperers, organise son \u00e9vasion, et celle de Slade, un agent de l'Est. Les deux fuyards sont plac\u00e9s sous bonne garde dans une demeure en Irlande. Rearden parvient \u00e0 s'enfuir. Les Scarperers se lancent alors \u00e0 sa poursuite. Ils connaissent maintenant la r\u00e9elle mission de l'agent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rSJdSeFpm0Xu0c2aOQVzUsXhbTy.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Newman (Rearden)", "Dominique Sanda (Mrs. Smith)", "James Mason (Sir George Wheeler)", "Harry Andrews (Mackintosh)", "Ian Bannen (Slade)", "Robert Lang (Jack Summers)", "Michael Hordern (Mr. Brown)", "Jenny Runacre (Gerda)", "Percy Herbert (Taafe)", "Wolfe Morris (Maltese Police Commissioner)", "Roland Culver (Judge)", "Keith Bell (Inmate Palmer)", "Peter Vaughan (Brunskill)", "Nigel Patrick (Soames-Trevelyan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Spy Vs Spy.\r\n\r\nThe Mackintosh Man is directed by John Huston and adapted to screenplay by Walter Hill and William Fairchild from The Freedom Trap written by Desmond Bagley. It stars Paul Newman, Dominique Sanda, Ian Bannen, James Mason, Michael Horden and Harry Andrews. Music is by Maurice Jarre and cinematography by Oswald Morris. \r\n\r\nSpy shenanigans unbound as Newman plays Joseph Rearden, a hired agent for the British Intelligence who pulls a job on the orders of The Mackintosh Man (Andrews), and finds himself sent to prison for 20 years. But this is all part of a greater plan\u2026 \r\n\r\nA well performed and serviceable drama, if a bit of a let down come the final third. The most fun and intrigue comes about once Rearden enters prison and the initial part of plotting once he is broken out, then it sort of loses its way, trying to make a simple story more intricate than it is. There\u2019s good mystery viewing to be found in working out the means and motives of the major players, and there\u2019s no shortage of action and sizzle either as Rearden is thrust into a world of espionage and counter espionage. There\u2019s a ream of suspicious accents to ignore and Jarre\u2019s musical score tries to reach the heights of Anton Karas\u2019 work on The Third Man, but fails and just comes off as a cheap repetitive attempt at a homage. \r\n\r\nMore caper movie than intellectual thriller, it\u2019s never less than watchable and the cast are good value for your time. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [46041, 33632, 72412, 60792], "youtube_key": "lxMtP5xjiTU"}