{"tmdb_id": 326333, "title": "LIZA, THE FOX-FAIRY", "original_title": "Liza, a r\u00f3kat\u00fcnd\u00e9r", "slug_title": "liza-the-fox-fairy", "date": "2015-02-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Romance"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Depuis douze ans, Liza, une infirmi\u00e8re timide, prend soin de Marta, la veuve de l\u2019Ambassadeur japonais en Hongrie. Le jour de son trenti\u00e8me anniversaire, Liza va au Mc Donald\u2019s dans l\u2019espoir d\u2019y rencontrer quelqu\u2019un. Pendant sa br\u00e8ve absence, Marta est assassin\u00e9e par feu Toni Tani, l\u2019ami imaginaire de Liza, chanteur japonais de pop des ann\u00e9es 70. La famille de Marta d\u00e9nonce Liza \u00e0 la police, l\u2019accusant d\u2019avoir assassin\u00e9 Marta pour h\u00e9riter de son appartement.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kThWD6fSxhRDd1SQfy8hvTow9ij.jpg", "actors": ["M\u00f3nika Balsai (Liza)", "David Sakurai (Tomy Tani)", "Bede Fazekas Szabolcs (Zolt\u00e1n Z\u00e1szl\u00f3s)", "Schmied Zolt\u00e1n (Henrik)", "Reviczky G\u00e1bor (Ezredes)", "Moln\u00e1r Piroska (M\u00e1rta Tanaka)", "Cserna Antal (K\u00e1roly)", "Szab\u00f3 Gy\u0151z\u0151 (Johnny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Something new I never expected from the Hungarian film.\r\n\r\nI loved 'Citizen Dog' and this movie falls under the same category. I haven't seen many Hungarian films, but recently I saw and liked 'White God'. After seeing the overwhelmed responses to this, I think I anticipated a lot only to get disappointed. I'm not completely upset with it, I liked the story, maybe I expected more cute and innocence like an Audrey Tautou character from 'Am\u00e9lie'.\r\n\r\nThere are lots of fun that you could feel the movie is not simply trying to impress you, but begin to evolve to build a fine storyline and a better conclusion. The deaths, inclusion of a Japanese character, songs and a fairytale is how the concept was developed that became the centre of the narration.\r\n\r\nAt a time I felt a little too much use of them is why my interest on this slightly declined during the watch. I definitely won't consider it a bad movie, but only felt it should have been a little better in the storytelling. I might have not liked it as much as other similar films, but it's a superior quality, with the good performances. I think anyone who enjoyed 'Citizen Dog' and 'Amelie' should try it with the low expectation.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [126834, 175321, 80511, 195843], "youtube_key": "hWxLLyr9aOU"}