{"tmdb_id": 327331, "title": "The Dirt", "original_title": "The Dirt", "slug_title": "the-dirt", "date": "2019-03-22", "genre": "Drame / Musique / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Ils ont marqu\u00e9 les esprits par leur musique... leurs frasques et leurs exc\u00e8s. The Dirt raconte la fulgurante ascension internationale des M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce depuis leurs d\u00e9buts \u00e0 Los Angeles. Jeff Tremaine  y montre tout, sans aucune complaisance : le sexe, le glam, le m\u00e9tal, la drogue, la gloire et la d\u00e9cadence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xGY5rr8441ib0lT9mtHZn7e8Aay.jpg", "actors": ["Douglas Booth (Nikki Sixx)", "Machine Gun Kelly (Tommy Lee)", "Iwan Rheon (Mick Mars)", "Daniel Webber (Vince Neil)", "Tony Cavalero (Ozzy Osbourne)", "Rebekah Graf (Heather Locklear)", "Pete Davidson (Tom Zutaut)", "Christian Gehring (David Lee Roth)", "Elena Evangelo (Voula Bass)", "Joe Chrest (David Bass)", "Courtney Dietz (Athena Lee)", "Leven Rambin (Sharise)", "Katherine Neff (Lovey)", "Kamryn Ragsdale (Skylar Neil)", "Vince Mattis (Young Nikki)", "David Costabile (Doc McGhee)", "Michael Hodson (Randy Ferrana)", "Martin Covert (Allen Kovac)", "Mike R. Moreau (Mr. Ruddell)", "Max Milner (Razzle)", "Kathryn Morris (Deana)", "Anthony Vincent Valbiro (John Corabi)", "Alexanne Wagner (Tom Zutaut's Girlfriend)", "Brittany Furlan (Biker Chick)", "Matthew Underwood (Gino (as Matthew Clinton Underwood))", "Carol Ann Scruggs (Dottie)", "Jordan Lane Price (Roxy)", "Iris D'Aquin (Skylar, Age 2)", "Lyra D'Aquin (Skylar, Age 2)", "Alyssa Marie Stilwell (Kayla (as Alyssa Stillwell))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***One of the most entertaining music biopics ever made (but also nastiest)***  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2019, \"The Dirt\" is a biography of M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce from their inception in the early 80s to the mid-90s. Along with GnR, the band was the cream of the crop of 80\u2019s hair metal. They were notorious for their childish, debauched antics and the movie depicts this from the get-go with an off-putting bit o\u2019 raunch at a party. There\u2019s also an amusing pool sequence that gets pretty repellent with Ozzy pathetically trying to prove how \u201ccrazy\u201d he was (I heard the curious story long ago so I was prepared for it).\r\n\r\nIf you can handle that, this is one of the best band biopics in cinema; and more so if you favor Cr\u00fce\u2019s music. The movie has a sense of humor and includes a little parody; it\u2019s fun, dynamic, stirring and sometimes vile, but also dramatic and even moving, especially in the last act. A plus is that most of the characters have a story arc wherein they learn from their misdeeds and mature. \r\n\r\nThe flick was based on drummer Tommy Lee\u2019s autobiography \u201cThe Dirt: Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band,\u201d as well as the biographies of other band members & Co. So, while there\u2019s an over-the-top feel here and there, the events really happened with minor alterations for dramatic effect.\r\n\r\nThe best way to rate a biopic is to compare it to others, including fictional ones loosely based on real-life characters, like \u201cRock Star\u201d (2001) and \u201cThe Rose\u201d (1979). As decent as those two are, \u201cThe Dirt\u201d is all-around more entertaining. It\u2019s also superior to \u201cWalk the Line\u201d (2005), the slanderous \u201cThe Doors\u201d (1991), the underrated \u201cThe Perfect Age of Rock \u2018n\u2019 Roll\u201d (2009), \"Eddie and the Cruisers\u201d (1983) and \"The Runaways\" (2010). I\u2019d put it on par with \u201cCoal Miner\u2019s Daughter\u201d (1980), but it\u2019s very different because the style of music and subculture is so radically different. Content-wise, it\u2019s closest to \u201cRock Star,\u201d \"The Runaways\" and \u201cThe Perfect Age of Rock \u2018n\u2019 Roll,\u201d but funner than the brooding latter.\r\n\r\nDouglas Booth is convincing as Nikki Sixx, the band leader/bassist/composer and so is Machine Gun Kelly as the hyperactive, but genial Tommy Lee. Iwan Rheon is also effective as the more mature and subdued guitarist Mick Mars. Daniel Webber unfortunately lacks the looks of singer Vince Neil, but is otherwise effective.    \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 47 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles and New Orleans.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [399361, 553644, 566228, 506220]}