{"tmdb_id": 327528, "title": "Born to Be Blue", "original_title": "Born to Be Blue", "slug_title": "born-to-be-blue", "date": "2015-09-13", "genre": ["Drame / Musique"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie, et tragique, du trompettiste de jazz Chet Baker, depuis son comeback dans les ann\u00e9es 70 jusqu'\u00e0 sa disparition brutale...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iEdh2CkSyDXBTAPlNS6uLF9yTTH.jpg", "actors": ["Ethan Hawke (Chet Baker)", "Carmen Ejogo (Jane/Elaine)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Dick)", "Stephen McHattie (Dad)", "Janet-Laine Green (Mom)", "Tony Nappo (Officer Reid)", "Janine Theriault (Florence)", "Tony Nardi (Nicholas)", "Katie Boland (Sarah)", "Dan Lett (Danny Friedman)", "Sophia Walker (Real Sophia)", "Kevin Hanchard (Dizzy Gillespie)", "Drew Davis (Beau)", "Charles Officer (Bowling Alley Dealer)", "Joe Cobden (Actor Dick)", "Kedar Brown (Miles Davis)", "Barbara Mamabolo (Janelle)", "Natassia Halabi (Jenny)", "Barbara Eve Harris (Elsie Azuka)", "Eugene Clark (Henry Azuka)", "Bruno Rocca (Italian Prison Guard)", "Kwasi Songui (M.C.)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Behind this man's success there was a woman and other things.\r\n\r\nThis is not a bad semi-biographical music-drama with a little romance in it, but many of us have no idea of its existence because it is not a Hollywood. For me it was just an above average, because of the first 30 minutes. In those narrations it was very boring, you know a film needs a good opening and this film's first impression failed. But next one hour, till the final scene was much better. Except I hated the whispering dialogues which this film had everywhere.\r\n\r\nI don't know who is Chet Baker, thanks to this film for introducing him to me. This story is no special compared to other biopics related to music and singing. Like fame and drugs taking over the career where one struggles to rise back from the fall. This is the same old crap, except it is a jazz theme, but everything was lightly portrayed without making much complication. I mean it centres only on the romance and music, everything else was never given preference. Except in parts where the couple seeks support from the outside world like the opportunities and meeting their parents.\r\n\r\nThe film focused only a certain stage of the life of Chet. It is very sad not knowing his earlier life as well as his Europe settlement in the later on which looks much more interesting than what they narrated in this. Ethan Hawke was great as usual and so his co-stars. There's no harm for once viewing, but some people feel it more depressing than enjoyable or entertaining. So the film is for the selected audience and make sure you're one of them before going for it. \r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [256564, 123648, 64832, 13124], "youtube_key": "j2JAW7L04C0"}