{"tmdb_id": 328387, "title": "Nerve", "original_title": "Nerve", "slug_title": "nerve", "date": "2016-07-27", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Aventure / Crime", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "En participant \u00e0 Nerve, un jeu qui diffuse en direct sur Internet des d\u00e9fis film\u00e9s, Vee et Ian d\u00e9cident de s\u2019associer pour relever des challenges de plus en plus risqu\u00e9s et gagner toujours plus d\u2019argent.  Mais bient\u00f4t les deux \u00ab Joueurs \u00bb s\u2019aper\u00e7oivent que leurs moindres mouvements sont manipul\u00e9s par une communaut\u00e9 anonyme de \u00ab Voyeurs \u00bb. Le jeu vire au cauchemar. Impossible d\u2019arr\u00eater\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rJVRYAKNoDrpIje9MA6HSXZ9rYB.jpg", "actors": ["Emma Roberts (Vee Delmonico)", "Dave Franco (Ian)", "Emily Meade (Sydney Sloane)", "Miles Heizer (Tommy Mancuso)", "Juliette Lewis (Nancy Delmonico)", "Kimiko Glenn (Liv Kurosawa)", "Machine Gun Kelly (Ty)", "Marc John Jefferies (Wes)", "Samira Wiley (Azhar)", "Brian Marc (J.P.)", "Ed Squires (Chuck)", "Deema Aitken (Robbie)", "Michael Drayer (Officer McMillan)", "Josh Ostrovsky (Dirt Beard)", "Eric D'Alessandro (Hype Boi)", "Rightor Doyle (Bergdorf Salesman)", "Arielle Vandenberg (Bergdorf Sales Lady)", "Jonny Beauchamp (Gatekeeper)", "Wesley Volcy (Taxi Cab Driver)", "Damond McFarland (Derrick)", "Kim Ramirez (Senior Sales Woman)", "Albert Sidoine (Clarence)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Even as little as five years ago, _Nerve_ couldn't possibly have been made. Which makes me wonder, in four years from when _Nerve_ was made (where the film is set), will it still be at all applicable? Already the social media it makes use of has changed from the time of filming to the date of release... Food for thought...\r\n\r\nWith that out of the way, the movie itself: Just okay.\r\n\r\nThe soundtrack is, at best, intrusive. The premise is old hat (although the exact way it's done is new). The message is a little blunt-force (though certainly not to Tomorrowland levels). The plot isn't quite solid. The acting is usually on par, though does occasionally slip. Many character interactions are overtly clich\u00e9d, and the filming style, while moderately original, is distracting.\r\n\r\nBt it's still fun, and a little warming. I don't regret paying to watch it in cinemas, but keep in mind that's only because I did so at the \"Movie of the Week\" discounted price.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [291805, 325133, 286565, 299687]}