{"tmdb_id": 328589, "title": "The Lady in the Van", "original_title": "The Lady in the Van", "slug_title": "the-lady-in-the-van", "date": "2015-11-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un homme d\u00e9couvre qu'une femme habite dans sa voiture, qui se trouve \u00eatre gar\u00e9e dans l'all\u00e9e de sa maison. Une relation \u00e9tonnante va alors na\u00eetre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8cpr5PSQEnY12FrN6FH6Y9CSkpY.jpg", "actors": ["Maggie Smith (Miss Shepherd)", "Alex Jennings (Alan Bennett)", "Frances de la Tour (Ursula Vaughan Williams)", "Gwen Taylor (Mam)", "Dominic Cooper (Theatre Actor)", "James Corden (Street Trader)", "Roger Allam (Rufus)", "Samuel Anderson (Jehovah's Witness)", "Dermot Crowley (Priest)", "Jim Broadbent (Underwood)", "Stephen Campbell Moore (Doctor)", "Eleanor Matsuura (American Journalist)", "Sacha Dhawan (Doctor Malik)", "Samuel Barnett (Donald)", "Deborah Findlay (Pauline)", "David Calder (Mr. Fairchild)", "Elliot Levey (Theatre Director)", "Claire Foy (Lois, Social Worker)", "Pandora Colin (Mrs. Perry)", "Marion Bailey (Convent Housekeeper)", "Russell Tovey (Young Man with Earring)", "Rosalind Knight (Old Nun)", "Jamie Parker (Estate Agent)", "Geoffrey Streatfeild (Alan's Partner)", "June Watson (Woman at Day Centre)", "George Taylor (Policeman)", "Richard Banks (Neighbour)", "Aaron Neil (Grocer)", "Jessica Bastick-Vines (Pauline and Rufus' Daughter)", "Cecilia Noble (Miss Briscoe)", "Clare Hammond (Young Miss Shephard)", "Sam McArdle (The Biker)", "Giles Cooper (Passer-By)", "Sam Spruell (Another Young Man)", "Harriet Thorpe (Customer)", "Nicholas Burns (Giles Perry)", "Alan Bennett (Alan Bennett (2014))", "Andrew Knott (Ambulance Man)", "Selina Cadell (Lady Wiggin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> According to her guidance, this is where it should go!\r\n\r\nHer legend continues. I was talking about Maggie Smith, she's 82 years old and still her performances can compete with younger generation actors. The story was narrated from someone's perspective about the role she played, that's why it's little weakened, otherwise if she was in solo, it would have been an Oscar worthy. Incidentally, that someone was an actual writer, so the film ended up portraying her very well, beside himself.\r\n\r\nInspired by the real story of an old lady who lived in a van for the 15 years during the 70s in the London's residential driveways. This film tells the mystery behind the state of her condition and actions. Actually, I expected it to be like 'Little Miss Sunshine', a road film, but after learning it was a biopic I am impressed with the overall movie.\r\n\r\nAn heartfully enjoyable comedy-drama with a small suspense in the plot. In fact, the whole film developed pretty well because of the opening event that hidden from us to reveal at the conclusion. It was a bit of fantasy as well, especially the end was too much of it.\r\n\r\nOn the Mary Shepard character, it reminded me Mrs. Julia Wicket from the Mr. Bean's animated series. Similar kind of attitude like don't care about others, especially when everyone around her showing some kind of respect and care, she was more a sceptical for us. The film was shot in the real locations. That was an advantage for filmmaking, and for us to witness from very close to the original.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [309304, 268238, 282296, 74534], "youtube_key": "Cx43QOphlTw"}