{"tmdb_id": 328901, "title": "The Benefactor", "original_title": "The Benefactor", "slug_title": "the-benefactor", "date": "2015-04-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Francis Watts, \"Franny\", est riche, beau et c\u00e9libataire. Alors o\u00f9 est le probl\u00e8me ? Le probl\u00e8me, c'est qu'il a 60 ans et qu'il n'a pas accompli grand-chose. Dans un effort d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 pour recommencer une nouvelle vie, ce philanthrope drogu\u00e9 aux pilules va s'immiscer dans la vie d'un jeune couple.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bZZ9HqCrdsiq7jGzINdCBK12RmG.jpg", "actors": ["Dakota Fanning (Olivia Harris)", "Theo James (Luke Harris)", "Richard Gere (Francis 'Franny' Watts)", "Clarke Peters (Dr. Romano)", "Cheryl Hines (Mia)", "Dylan Baker (Bobby)", "Tibor Feldman (Dr. Sam)", "Roy James Wilson (Charlie)", "Brian Anthony Wilson (Jesse)", "Dennisha Pratt (Sharon)", "Lyssa Roberts (Molly)", "Matthew Daisher (Toby)", "Michael Daisher (Toby)", "Justin Goncalves (Javier)", "Ian Bonner (Cliff)", "Derrick T. Lewis (Bouncer)", "Andrea Havens (Franny's Wealthy Friend)", "Rory Ogden (Child playing)", "Jeffrey Mowery (Bowling alley manager)", "Michele Everwine (Shot Girl)", "Marc Bicking (Doctor)", "Erica Lynne Marszalek (Sexy Shot Girl)", "Marko Caka (Party Guest)", "Jennifer Butler (Gala Staff)", "Erica Cho (Doctor)", "Lynn Golden (Gala Benefit Attendee)", "Kelly Buterbaugh (Shot Girl)", "Evan Fenster (Child Patient)", "Jayson Williams (Resident)", "Lavonne Nichols (Emergency Room Patient)", "Yesenia Mercado (Sexy Shot Girl Dancer 2)", "Megan Rose (Waitstaff)", "Kimberly Villanova (Maternity nurse)", "Dennis Lauricella (Emergency Room Patient)", "Barbara Edwards (Party Woman)", "Mihir Pathak (E.R. Doctor)", "Michelle Santiago (Partier)", "Giovanna Labozzetta (Extra)", "Amanda Wilson (Partier / Bachelorette Party)", "Jaclyn McHugh (Benefit Attendee)", "Nola Sanginiti (Banquet Guest)", "Deidre Washington (Dr. Romano's Wife)", "Kayla Grasser (Couple)", "Laura Hart (Molly's Friend #1 (uncredited))", "Gregory Brown (Friend of Franny (uncredited))", "Shawn Gonzalez (Waiter (uncredited))", "Ryan Shank (Bartender (uncredited))", "Heather Soellner (Server (uncredited))", "Sean Zerbe (Bad kid (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One man show...\r\n\r\nI don't think the movie is worth a watch. There's nothing in it apart from Richard Gere's fine performance. If you still want to try it, he is the only reason to consider. You know performances alone can't save the movie, especially that theory did not work in this film. The story was very plain, it was about a man who's living with remorse and suddenly an unexpected thing happens that could help him to come out of his guilt fell, but it only gets worse in his every attempt.\r\n\r\nThe contribution from the rest of the cast was one of two reasons for the movie's downfall. They were okay, no complaint about that, but they were totally not visible like their existence means nothing other than to support the Gere's role. And the other reason was the scenes that lacked to imprint in the viewer's head with memorable quotes and/or moments. I would say there's a dull atmosphere in the entire narration. It is not an entertainer, but can be a character study material.\r\n\r\n5\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [353441, 569492, 60792, 253344], "youtube_key": "DcBhkJfDNf8"}