{"tmdb_id": 329134, "title": "Massu Engira Maasilamani", "original_title": "\u0bae\u0bbe\u0bb8\u0bcd \u0b8e\u0ba9\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bbf\u0bb1 \u0bae\u0bbe\u0b9a\u0bbf\u0bb2\u0bbe\u0bae\u0ba3\u0bbf", "slug_title": "massu-engira-maasilamani", "date": "2015-05-29", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "A conman gains the power to see and communicate with ghosts and decides to use it to make money. His happy-go-lucky lifestyle goes for a toss when a ghost who is his look-alike approaches him with an offer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1JETcnXiCABsrGNMfEbnvbIwwYA.jpg", "actors": ["Suriya (Masilamani (Massu) and Sakthi)", "Nayanthara (Manini)", "Pranitha Subhash (Anuradha)", "Premji Amaran (Jetli)", "Parthiban (Vikram Lakshmanan)", "Samuthirakani (Radha Krishnan (RK))", "Karunas (Azhagu)", "Sriman (Sripathy)", "Vidyullekha Raman (Julie)", "Riyaz Khan (Kamal Ekambaram)", "Sanjay Bharathi (Ghost)", "Rethika Srinivas (Padma)", "Yuvina Parthavi (Megha)", "Brahmanandam (Dr. Gnanaprakasham)", "Daniel Annie Pope (Ghost)", "Madhusudhan Rao (Reddy)", "Badava Gopi (Registrar)", "Ramya Subramanian (Reporter)", "Arjai (Mahesh)", "Stunt Silva (Prince)", "Manobala (Arnold)", "Sonia (Dr. Gnanaprakasham's Wife)", "Shanmugasundaram (Ghost)", "Rajendran (Ghost)", "Aravind Akash (Anthony's Henchman)", "Charles Vinoth (Madhivadhanan \"Madhi\")", "Jayaprakash (Kothandaram Reddy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "As his previous five films have shown us, a Venkat Prabhu film cannot exist without certain must-haves. For starters, his brother Premgi Amaren will be the film's designated comedian. There will be cameos by the Venkat Prabhu company of actors (here, we get Jai, Vijay Vasanth, Aravind Akash, Subbu Panchu to name a few). There will be twists galore in the plot. There will be endless pop culture references (this one invokes Engaeyum Eppothum, Mankatha, 7aum Arivu, Kaththi, Singam 2, Pammal K Sammandham, Pizza, Vaaranam Aayiram, Naan Kadavul, Raja Rani, actor Vishal's fight against movie piracy, the catchphrase Ennamma Ippadi Pannreengalema and many more). The heroines will be strictly functional (Nayanthara's role here is more a cameo). The focus will be more on entertaining even if means sacrificing some of the seriousness in a scene. And most importantly, there will be a subtle subversion of genre \u2014 Massu Engira Maasilamani (MEM) has ghosts but it is not a horror film but rather a revenge saga in the traditional 'mass' film mould. Some of these might come across as forced but there is no denying that they have become the director's signature.\r\n\r\nSo, when we step into a Venkat Prabhu film, by now, we sort-of know what to expect. The fun lies in finding out how the director packages all these elements to surprise and entertain us. MEM shows that the director's flair for delivering an unpretentious and undemanding film is still intact, even if a slight amount of predictability has crept into the filmmaking.\r\n\r\nVenkat Prabhu makes his intentions quite clear right at the start when he introduces his hero, Mass. It feels like a typical hero's introduction scene with Mass taking on a few hoodlums who are stealing from a TASMAC shop on Gandhi Jayanthi. He fights them off and then we are told that the entire thing was staged. And even as we get the mandatory hero introduction song, the director uses it to introduce the heroine, Manini, as well and in swift strokes shows us that Mass has fallen in love with her. The plot kicks in when Mass and his friend, Jet Li steal from a local gangster to help Manini, but are involved in an accident while trying to escape the gangster's henchmen. Mass is admitted in a hospital and when he wakes up, he learns that he can see and talk to ghosts. He strikes a deal with this bunch of ghosts \u2014 they want him to fulfill their last wishes and he wants them to help him use this 'gift' and make money. But then he encounters a new ghost, Sakthi, who is his look-alike. Playing on his greed, Sakthi soon starts using Mass for his own needs. What happens when Mass realizes this and who is Sakthi?\r\n\r\nWhat makes MEM different from previous Venkat Prabhu films is that the second half becomes a bit sentimental and that is both good and bad. There are moments when the sentimental bit works very well. For example, the scene in which Mass learns of one of the ghost's cause of death and the moving song during which he satisfies the last wishes of some of the ghosts. But things turn somewhat melodramatic during the moment in which Mass finally learns who Sakthi is (though the revelation is a genuine surprise). And the backstory for Sakthi is also cliched and takes too much screen time. In contrast, the director gives us the backstory of Mass and his relationship with Jet Li in a matter of minutes without resorting to melodrama. The villains are quite generic but Venkat makes up for it with the character of Vikram, a cop, who is neither good nor bad. It also helps that Vikram is played by Parthepan who brings his own quirks to the role \u2014 in one scene, he romves the shades of a character who he is arresting and remarks in typical Parthepan-speak, \"Enna kalutunanu yaarum ketrakoodadhu illa?'\r\n\r\nThe songs are plain indulgences (the Thriller-like Poochandi is visually interesting but brings the story to a halt) and the pacing dips a little during the second half despite some nifty editing (KL Praveen), and even the director acknowledges this by making Jet Li remark that Mass has slowed down. The film lacks the raciness of Biriyani or Mankatha, but there is enough inventivesness and joie de vivre to the scenes to keep us entertained."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A conman and his ghost team!**\r\n\r\nI truly don't know what is the original title. 'Mass' or 'Masss' or 'Massu' or 'Massu Engira Masalimani'. Since 'Mangatha' I haven't seen any Venkat Prabhu's films. He has lost his midas touch. His films are used to be youthful and fun, but not anymore. This was a different than his usual theme, but did not deliver. Particularly, I hated the graphics. Those CGI characters ruined the film in the initial part, I thought it was a very cheap thing I ever seen in a big production film. The action sequences were so stupid as well. The comedies were okay, but still it had lots of references of old films. So you can't enjoy them if you are not familiar with the original.\r\n\r\nSurya is a very dedicated actor that you would find in Kollywood today, but the filmmakers are not using that properly. Compared to any other actors, he does many varieties of films. I watched it only for him and nothing else. I appreciate the experimental theme, but they did not get a better screenplay. The storyline looked decent, especially the flashback, but did not develop well. Like what the title hints, it was too much mass which suits better for Tollywood fans. Might be Surya fans or Venkat's would like it, sadly I'm not one. Surely you will have some laughs, other than that this is not good. So skipping it is not a bad option.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [240865, 262973, 34632, 330420], "youtube_key": "8uhmhTwPPTg"}