{"tmdb_id": 32945, "title": "Le D\u00e9mon de la chair", "original_title": "The Strange Woman", "slug_title": "le-demon-de-la-chair", "date": "1946-10-25", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans le Maine du XIX\u00e8me si\u00e8cle, une femme fatale s\u00e8me la mort autour d'elle, n'h\u00e9sitant pas \u00e0 demander \u00e0 son soupirant de tuer son p\u00e8re s'il veut qu'elle c\u00e8de \u00e0 ses avances, et fait ainsi basculer le destin de trois hommes amoureux d'elle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uRz69MOiAqCOwmZCzQalItRjlTT.jpg", "actors": ["Hedy Lamarr (Jenny Hager)", "George Sanders (John Evered)", "Louis Hayward (Ephraim Poster)", "Gene Lockhart (Isaiah Poster)", "Hillary Brooke (Meg Saladine)", "Rhys Williams (Deacon Adams)", "June Storey (Lena Tempest)", "Moroni Olsen (Rev. Thatcher)", "Olive Blakeney (Mrs. Hollis)", "Kathleen Lockhart (Mrs. Partridge)", "Alan Napier (Judge Henry Saladine)", "Dennis Hoey (Tim Hager)", "Fred Aldrich (Sailor in Saloon)", "Jessie Arnold (Mrs. Thatcher)", "Edward Biby (Mr. Patridge)", "Clancy Cooper (Lumberjack)", "Ralph Dunn (Lumberjack)", "Edith Evanson (Mrs. Coggins)", "Al Ferguson (Lumberjack)", "Fred Graham (Street Rowdy)", "Teddy Infuhr (Boy on Bridge)", "Ian Keith (Lincoln Pittridge)", "Ian MacDonald (Boat Captain)", "George Magrill (Poster's Workman)", "Jo Ann Marlowe (Jenny as a Girl)", "Francis Pierlot (Dr.  Bailey)", "Christopher Severn (Ephraim Poster as a Child)", "Brick Sullivan (Poster's Workman)", "Ray Teal (Alex Duncan)", "Harry Wilson (Lumberjack)", "Chief Yowlachie (Guide)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bangor is mine and it owes me a living.\r\n\r\nThe Strange Woman is directed by Edgar G. Ulmer who also co-writes the screenplay with Hunt Stromberg and Herb Matthews from the novel of the same name written by Ben Ames Williams. It stars Hedy Lamarr, George Sanders, Louis Hayward, Gene Lockhart, Hilary Brooke, Rhys Williams and June Storey. Music is by Carmen Dragon and cinematography by Lucien N. Andriot.\r\n\r\nI don\u2019t want the youngest. I want the richest!\r\n\r\nWell well, what an intriguing little period noir this is. Story deals with Jenny Hagar (Lamarr), a strong and scheming woman who in 1840s Bangor in Maine, uses men for her own gains whilst exuding a double persona that shunts her into the upper echelons of the town\u2019s standings. But, as we become privy to Jenny\u2019s back story and psychological make-up, you can feel that cloud of pessimism closing in.\r\n\r\nThere will always be arguments put forward about if the likes of The Strange Woman should be classed as noir or not, but with Ulmer and Andriot cloaking the tale with claustrophobic shadows and low lights, the blacks and whites atmospherically used, thus the visuals are in place to marry up with the story, and what a story. \r\n\r\nJenny Hagar is a classic femme fatale, in fact fatalistic could be her middle name. We get a sneak peak of her deviousness as a child, and then we see her as a luscious older beauty, dangling men around her fingers and fully committed to marrying purely for money. What follows Jenny around is murder, suicide, incest, seduction, greed, violence and alcoholism! And of course, self-destruction.\r\n\r\nJenny has no qualms about who she tramples on to achieve her ends, but the kicker in her story is that she does have good in her fighting to get out, she can be charitable at times, and as we come to understand her upbringing she even garners a level of sympathy from the audience. It\u2019s this dual aspect of her make-up that intrigues greatly, but she\u2019s fighting a losing battle, more so as Bangor is the wrong place for her, itself a confused mess of unsavoury or spoilt characters.\r\n\r\nThere were problems behind the scenes, but so many conflicting reports exist it\u2019s hard to know what is true and who was pulling the main strings. What we do know is that Ulmer, armed with a bigger budget than usual, has crafted a moody and daring picture that strikes devilish notes without banging the drum too loudly. Striking scenes and imagery are many, thunderstorm seduction, lairy lumberjacks, river of death and the big finale are just some of the moments showing what Ulmer was capable off. \r\n\r\nWhile Lamarr, for her pet project to move her into darker roles and be taken seriously as an actress, turns in a top performance. Unafraid of the material, she cuts loose with a blend of sexual dynamism and troubled soul. Around her are fine performances from Lockhart, Hayward and Brooke, though Sanders is a touch out of place. The pace sometimes sags, and motivations and actions of support characters could have been more fleshy, but in the main this is well worth taking a stroll down a dark alley for. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [87041, 129820, 133373, 47167], "youtube_key": "pupB-ux6fPU"}