{"tmdb_id": 329461, "title": "Harter Brocken", "original_title": "Harter Brocken", "slug_title": "harter-brocken", "date": "2015-03-07", "genre": ["Thriller / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "A landslide in the Harz releases a corpse. Commissioner Frank Koops leads the investigation. Vanessa Riemann, tourist guide and marksman from St. Andreasberg, sees a lot of money in the backpack of the two hikers and attacks. On her breakneck escape through the undergrowth she is shot and bleeding in the arms of her brother Marco. In her backpack this finds 1.4 million euros - the booty from a bank robbery. The blessing comes as if called, because Marco and his brother Patrick are deeply in debt. But suddenly investors from the tourism industry appear. While the four are watching each other, Frank Koops takes up the investigation. For the often ridiculed provincial commissioner, it is the first killing offense.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1yh89t5uF95LgR5s36fWJB2i8UG.jpg", "actors": ["Aljoscha Stadelmann (Frank Koops)", "Julia Koschitz (Miriam Nohe)", "Hinnerk Sch\u00f6nemann (Patrick Riemann)", "Christoph Bach (Thomas Bartkowiak)", "Anna Schudt (Nicola Zimmermann)", "Godehard Giese (Marco Riemann)", "Anna Drexler (Vanessa Riemann)", "Moritz F\u00fchrmann (Heiner)", "Matthias Buss (Dr. Vogt)", "Rudolf Schwarz (J\u00fcrgen Fichte)", "Doreen Nixdorf (Iris Fichte)", "Henning Peker (Vermieter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}