{"tmdb_id": 329556, "title": "Landmine Goes Click", "original_title": "Landmine Goes Click", "slug_title": "landmine-goes-click", "date": "2015-03-03", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "After an American tourist steps on a landmine, he is forced to watch his girlfriend get assaulted.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oWMB2n6gEkBapUBK3OexwZNGmpC.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Knight (Chris)", "Spencer Locke (Alicia)", "Dean Geyer (Daniel)", "Kote Tolordava (Ilya)", "Giorgi Tsaava (Devi)", "Helen Nelson (Lika)", "Nana Kiknadze (Tanya)", "Nika Apriashvili (Sergi)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Seeking help from a crazy person.**\r\n\r\nWhen you see this film poster, that gives an impression of it is some kind of a B movie from the Hollywood. Yes, if it was from the United States, but this is a Georgian film that dominated by English dialogues. Because it is a tale of three young American tourists and theirs unexpected little revenge game that emerges in an unexpected circumstance. Very thrilling, despite it was stretched too much, especially towards the conclusion.\r\n\r\nIt is a similar theme to those like 'I Spit on Your Grave' and 'The Last House on the Left'. So this film does not suit everybody, this is particularly for the adults. You know the psycho character makes uneasy for some viewers like families. I don't know why one should watch it, whether for an entertainment or pleasure from the tortures. Anyway, my anticipation was nothing, because I did not know what kind of film is this. But saw it and I think it is an okay type, particularly being made in and by a Georgian.\r\n\r\nSo when the three American tourists end up camping in a remote place, one of them learns that his girlfriend cheated on him. As a revenge act, he sets up his friend in a landmine and leaves behind along with his girlfriend. How those two struggles to escape from unhurt or whether is it a possible to attempt is the event that follows. The remaining narration is focused to tell when an unexpected help comes their way and from there where it takes us is a little suspense before the finale commence.\r\n\r\n> \"This Georgian hospitality is wonderful. In the States you'd be lucky for somebody to even open the door.\"\r\n\r\nDon't expect it something like 'Kajaki'. But it is the same category film and I liked how a small film like this was improvised its screenplay decently. At a same time, the doubts arise as is it really possible or would it happen in the real world? Who knows what kind of a crazy person is wandering around us, especially in a remote place like in this film. But the film comes to the point by revealing all the event carefully. I mean there's only two events, but how they are developed. Especially the end was expected, but still leaves behind a message how worthy the vengeance is.\r\n\r\nSince I don't know the cast and crew, it is natural to anticipate a good story over the actors and their character displays. Particularly one of the main characters, the American one looked alike Aaron Paul. No need a source to learn it is a low budget film, but I liked the production quality. I had seen lots of foreign film, I don't recall that I ever saw a Georgian film before.\r\n\r\nSeems they are not popular in the international arena, so a small film like this is a lot if it reaches the global audience in any platform, even it does not meet the success they were expecting. Just a simple recognition is what worth a lot for them to grow and I think this film did that. Especially for being an English language film is the reason. Even many European film industries doing the same, like making an English language film occasionally.\r\n\r\nIf you are interested in a crime-thriller, you should try this. But I warn you, it is not a Hollywood or a Korean, but still an acceptable for where it comes from. So like I mentioned in the very first paragraph, don't expect too much after seeing its poster. It is a different film, but also there are many tense scenes if you are focused enough to understand the situation in the story. I've mixed feeling while suggesting it, so I won't do that and I can't declare it is one of the worst either. If you get a chance you should try, otherwise don't bother.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [19203, 347850, 224950, 62132], "youtube_key": "6xlmjV4hMIc"}