{"tmdb_id": 32969, "title": "Pretty Poison", "original_title": "Pretty Poison", "slug_title": "pretty-poison", "date": "1968-07-18", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "A young man gets in over his head when he convinces a small-town girl he's a secret agent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qM3MiqX4uSZqaoBMKZL2XL1QYGu.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Perkins (Dennis Pitt)", "Tuesday Weld (Sue Ann Stepanek)", "Beverly Garland (Mrs. Stepanek)", "John Randolph (Morton Azenauer)", "Dick O'Neill (Bud Munsch)", "Clarice Blackburn (Mrs. Bronson)", "Joseph Bova (Pete)", "Ken Kercheval (Harry Jackson)", "Don Fellows (Detective)", "George Ryan (Drillmaster & Team)", "Parker Fennelly (Sam - Night Watchman (uncredited))", "Bill Sorrells (Cop at Beanery (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Pitt and the Poison.\r\n\r\nPretty Poison is directed by Noel Black and adapted to screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Junior from the novel \u201cShe Let Him Continue\u201d written by Stephen Geller. It stars Anthony Perkins, Tuesday Weld, Beverly Garland, John Randolph and Dick O\u2019Neill. Music is by Johnny Mandel and cinematography by David Quaid.\r\n\r\nPure definition of a culter movie? Probably Pretty Poison. A wonderfully odd neo-noir that\u2019s as cunning as a fox, Noel Black\u2019s movie flummoxed many upon release but the underground swell of the cult enthusiasts has ensured this particular poison is still around to be swallowed.\r\n\r\nPlot finds Perkins as troubled Dennis Pitt, an arsonist as a youth and fantasist as an adult, he\u2019s just been released from a mental health facility, in spite of his parole officer\u2019s reservations. Beginning his employment at a chemical factory, Dennis comes into contact with young high school drum majorette, Sue Anne Stepanek (Weld), and lets her believe he is a secret agent. Little does he know, but Sue is only too happy to indulge his fantasies, since she herself is harbouring some unhealthy desires.\r\n\r\nMuch like the brilliant film noir movie Gun Crazy (1950), Pretty Poison upturns the standard boy and girl crime spree formula by having the girl be the one doing the damage. Dennis Pitt has absolutely no idea how not in control of the relationship he is, he\u2019s beguiled by Sue, thinking he has finally found a soul mate to share in his fantasies, but she\u2019s pulling all the strings, luring him into a web of chaos from which he is completely incapable of escaping from.\r\n\r\nWith the characterisations firmly in place, where both Weld and Perkins are on top form, Black and his tech team pump discoloured blood through the picture\u2019s veins. Pic actually breathes as a black comedy, for the first third the makers are toying with us the audience, making us unsure as to if we should be laughing? Or feeling edgy? Maybe even daring us to walk out? Yes! The film \u201cis\u201d that off-kilter with its tonal flows. Then the light dawns on us, but not the hapless Dennis of course, that we are in a deceptively menacing Americana, one that\u2019s even strangely sexy, and cynical into the bargain.\r\n\r\nSubversive, intelligent and utterly compelling, Pretty Poison deserves to be better known. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1479, 54494, 19033, 44698], "youtube_key": "KDo_rs-cmAQ"}