{"tmdb_id": 32985, "title": "Solomon Kane", "original_title": "Solomon Kane", "slug_title": "solomon-kane", "date": "2009-09-16", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Action"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans un XVIe si\u00e8cle ravag\u00e9 par les guerres, le capitaine Solomon Kane est une redoutable machine \u00e0 tuer, aussi brutale qu'efficace. Arm\u00e9 des pistolets qui font sa marque, de sa dague et de sa rapi\u00e8re, lui et ses hommes laissent libre cours \u00e0 leur soif de sang alors qu'ils combattent au nom de l'Angleterre d'un continent \u00e0 l'autre. Pourtant, lorsque Kane d\u00e9cide d'attaquer une myst\u00e9rieuse forteresse quelque part en Afrique du Nord, sa mission va prendre un tournant fatal... Un par un, ses hommes sont d\u00e9cim\u00e9s par des cr\u00e9atures d\u00e9moniaques, jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'il reste seul face \u00e0 l'envoy\u00e9 du diable, venu des profondeurs de l'Enfer pour s'emparer de son \u00e2me atrocement corrompue. Kane parvient \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper, mais il sait qu'il doit maintenant se racheter en renon\u00e7ant \u00e0 la violence et en se consacrant d\u00e9sormais \u00e0 une vie de paix et de puret\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n5SHBE4ulsDDVa9gYttUYwp1VZU.jpg", "actors": ["James Purefoy (Solomon Kane)", "Pete Postlethwaite (William Crowthorn)", "Alice Krige (Katherine Crowthorn)", "Mackenzie Crook (Father Michael)", "Max von Sydow (Josiah Kane)", "Jason Flemyng (Malachi)", "Rachel Hurd-Wood (Meredith Crowthorn)", "Mark O'Neal (Kane's Soldier #1)", "Robert Orr (Kane's Soldier #2)", "Richard Ryan (Kane's Soldier #3)", "Ian Whyte (Devil's Reaper)", "Geoff Bell (Beard)", "Rory McCann (McNess)", "Curtis Matthew (Old Man)", "Samuel Roukin (Marcus Kane)", "James Babson (Skinhead)", "Anthony Wilks (Edward Crowthorn)", "Isabel Bassett (The Witch)", "Patrick Hurd-Wood (Samuel Crowthorn)", "Marek Va\u0161ut (Tattoo)", "Christian Dunckley Clark (Lieutenant Malthus)", "Frantisek Deak (Cowering Guard)", "Thomas McEnchroe (Young Monk)", "Andrew Whitlaw (Older Monk)", "Lucas Stone (Young Solomon)", "Robert Russell (Abbott)", "Matthew Stirling (Eye Patch)", "Laura Baranik (Prisoner)", "Andrea Miltner (Old Woman Captive)", "Philip Winchester (Henry Telford)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**In the 17th England, a ruthless warrior set to rediscover his path.**\r\n\r\nThere's no reason, but after a long due I saw this. I'm pretty impressed with the film's production, but in the end it was an average film for me. James Purefoy was good, but the story needed someone very husky looking actor to play the Solomon. That's what spoiled my watch, other than that I enjoyed most of the film. Because the tone and the pace were excellent, but it was a predictable story.\r\n\r\nA savage warrior leading his men somewhere in the Northern Africa, when he's sensing he almost defeated them, comes to know his soul is damned. He escapes there, leaves his all that life behind and looks for a peaceful future. He was born to be a warrior, that's why he left his own kingdom. So in his second chance to rediscover his path, he must achieve the impossible to defeat his opponent.\r\n\r\nFull of dark and wet atmosphere really gives that required medieval look. The locations were well used and also the costumes, so if you like films that sets in this era, particularly stunts, then you might enjoy it. But if you ask me, I would say it is just a one time watchable film. Entertainment is guaranteed, but because of something, the film does not not look complete. So recommended for the selected viewers.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If I kill you I am bound for hell. It's a price I shall gladly pay.\r\n\r\nSolomon Kane is directed by Michael J. Bassett and Bassett adapts the character of Kane from the magazine character created by Robert E. Howard. It stars James Purefoy, Rachael Hurd-Wood, Pete Postlethwaite and Anthony Wilks. Music is by Klaus Badelt and cinematography by Dan Laustsen.\r\n\u200b\r\nIt's early 1600 and English mercenary Solomon Kane (Purefoy) is informed by the Devils Reaper that his wicked ways have damned his soul for eternity. Not wanting to spend eternity with old Nick and all his hellish instruments of torture, Kane escapes and renounces violence and converts to Puritanism - that is until a wicked turn of events in his life sends him on the violent road to redemption.\r\n\r\nSolomon Kane was created by pulp writer Robert E. Howard, who would a few years later also create Conan The Barbarian, safe to say then that swords and sorcery was at the time of his life in the 1920s/30s on his mind. It's also safe to say here that if this type of genre swish and swash is not your thing then this will definitely not convert you into being someone who suddenly does. However, fans of such fare are in for a treat, where not for the first time a picture that bombed at the box office - and got a delayed release in The States - has broken free of supposed stinker damnation to become a firm cult favourite to like minded souls.\r\n\r\nKane is our anti-hero, a real hard dude who ends up living by the fight evil with evil mantra. In the hands of Purefoy and his director, Kane is moody personified, the whole film dishing out ladles of brood and dark thematics as religion and dark arts come under the microscope. The action is well choreographed, plenty of blood letting and head loping, accompanied by swivels and lurches. Imagery is potent - such as graveyards and reaper lairs, while Bassett firmly believes in soaking his cast in mud and rags, all for realistic payment.\r\n\r\nSome popular actors slot in for some support work, which is a bonus, and although the finale is not without problems (main baddie all to brief, the big showdown likewise), this rounds out as an imaginatively and thrillingly mounted period genre piece. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10529, 38321, 37430, 23047], "youtube_key": "lalm_kkczVM"}