{"tmdb_id": 329829, "title": "La Reine gar\u00e7on", "original_title": "The Girl King", "slug_title": "la-reine-garcon", "date": "2015-12-11", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Romance", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Nous sommes au XVIIe si\u00e8cle et la reine Christine entend bien faire de la Su\u00e8de le pays le plus moderne d\u2019Europe. \u00c9lev\u00e9e comme un gar\u00e7on sous un strict contr\u00f4le luth\u00e9rien, cette souveraine \u00e9nigmatique, flamboyante et impr\u00e9visible fait face \u00e0 une forte r\u00e9sistance dans son d\u00e9sir d\u2019\u00e9duquer ses sujets et de mettre fin \u00e0 la sanglante guerre de Trente Ans entre les protestants et les catholiques. Christine a du mal \u00e0 vivre avec son irr\u00e9sistible passion pour sa dame d'honneur, la superbe comtesse Ebba Sparre. En m\u00eame temps qu\u2019elle d\u00e9couvre l'amour et la passion, elle tente de comprendre l'humanit\u00e9 et les forces violentes qui conspirent contre elle. D\u00e9chir\u00e9e entre ses aspirations politiques et personnelles, elle choisit de prendre l'une des d\u00e9cisions les plus controvers\u00e9es de l'Histoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eb5ZOCpGj7PbTnJweuiqHixPPtD.jpg", "actors": ["Malin Buska (Kristina)", "Sarah Gadon (Countess Ebba Sparre)", "Michael Nyqvist (Chancellor Axel Oxenstierna)", "Lucas Bryant (Count Johan Oxenstierna)", "Laura Birn (Countess Erika Erksein)", "Hippolyte Girardot (Ambassador Pierre Hector Chanut)", "Peter Lohmeyer (Bishop of Stockholm)", "Fran\u00e7ois Arnaud (Karl Gustav Kasimir)", "Martina Gedeck (Maria Eleonora)", "Patrick Bauchau (Ren\u00e9 Descartes)", "Jarmo M\u00e4kinen (The General)", "Petri Aulin (Guard)", "Janina Berman (Abortion Nurse)", "Samuli Edelmann (King Gustav II Adolf)", "Gabriele Goria (Second Italian Jesuit)", "Mikko Kouki (Aide de Camp)", "Mikko Leppilampi (Count Magnus de la Gardie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Caught between the national duty and a personal affair.**\r\n\r\nA biographical film set in the 17th century about the queen of Sweden. If a film was made based on the real means it has to be something very important thing to tell us like about the person or the historical events surrounding that person. It is a good film to learn the history of that part of the world if you do not belong there, and even for the natives with less knowledge about it. Multi- nationally produced film with a decent cast and production in the English language despite a Scandinavian tale.\r\n\r\nBesides, it is also a lesbian theme and one of the oldest real account I have seen in a film. Even today, not the whole world accepts it with the open arm. So on that perspective, I was curious about the film. Not to know how the film was made, but how they are, the real people dealt with such sexual concept in those days. Particularly, how the people around reacted to it. On that topic, the narration was not explicit. That means watching it expecting one of the best among its kind is a disappointment. But the film offers more from other angles of importance.\r\n\r\nAfter her father's death, the young Kristina was trained all her childhood to be the next ruler of the Sweden. When she came of age to take the crown, her aim is to mark the presence of Sweden all over the Europe. She's a fine sword woman, but also very interested in philosophy and art. But she has never been so confused as one day when she felt something for a woman in her court. She begins to learn more about it from an expert and on the other side, her duty to the nation and its people seems not getting better. How the fate of Sweden and her personal life collides covered in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\n> \u275dI know how to set a bear trap, how to clean a musket, but I don't know how to place my lips on yours.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe film was not received well. Critically failed, but it was not that bad if you ask me. Yes, it was boring in parts, due to lack of progression. There's lots of things happened in the story, yet seems was not enough to impress its viewers. Especially switching between national duty and personal affairs strongly collides. Thus leaving both the subjects behind half baked. The real events took place for decades was put into a hundred minutes film did not justify. It's particularly about picking the right story segment to add in the screenplay and the some of the parts looked fine, but not the overall film.\r\n\r\nOn the other hand, some people might find it a propaganda. Protestants, Roman Catholic, I don't know which way it leans, but started with one way and ended with another. So it could be the end that counts. On the humanitarian ground, morally, all looked fine to me. So if that's what made this film to become prey, then it's a totally wrongly judged. Otherwise the film is acceptable for being a biopic, telling the truth. Of all the kings and queen of the world we learnt about, Kristina is different and one should know about her for that. I feel she was very modern and modern in the wrong century.\r\n\r\nBorn in the royal family, had all the power, it's very sad how her fate has changed at the end. But that's not the end of her tale. There's more to reveal, though this film covered only that takes place in the Sweden and being the ruler. I'll be happy if a sequel was made to tell her latter life and self-discovery. I'm sure it would be more a philosophical, but some people might raise the voice propaganda. Since this flick did not do well, that's not going to happen, I guess.\r\n\r\nOne of the reasons I wanted to watch it was Sarah Gadon. She was in one of the main roles, but had a less preference. The other actress was really good and she was almost in every frame of the film. It might not be the best film to represent the LGBT, but it had its share and definitely a decent film from all the other angles. Should have been better, that's what those who saw it would say and so am I. Once watchable, but it does not have quality to I say the word, recommended!\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [284342, 343850, 319193, 323431]}