{"tmdb_id": 329, "title": "Jurassic Park", "original_title": "Jurassic Park", "slug_title": "jurassic-park", "date": "1993-06-11", "genre": "Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Ne pas r\u00e9veiller le chat qui dort... C'est ce que le milliardaire John Hammond aurait d\u00fb se rappeler avant de se lancer dans le \"clonage\" de dinosaures. C'est \u00e0 partir d'une goutte de sang absorb\u00e9e par un moustique fossilis\u00e9 que John Hammond et son \u00e9quipe ont r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 faire rena\u00eetre une dizaine d'esp\u00e8ces de dinosaures. Il s'appr\u00eate maintenant avec la complicit\u00e9 du docteur Alan Grant, pal\u00e9ontologue de renom, et de son amie Ellie, \u00e0 ouvrir le plus grand parc \u00e0 th\u00e8me du monde. Mais c'\u00e9tait sans compter la cupidit\u00e9 et la malveillance de l'informaticien Dennis Nedry, et \u00e9ventuellement des dinosaures, seuls ma\u00eetres sur l'\u00eele...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g5wIUeX9LfFtkErJ4k9AxPnNsuY.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Neill (Dr. Alan Grant)", "Laura Dern (Dr. Ellie Sattler)", "Jeff Goldblum (Dr. Ian Malcolm)", "Richard Attenborough (John Hammond)", "Bob Peck (Robert Muldoon)", "Martin Ferrero (Donald Gennaro)", "BD Wong (Wu)", "Joseph Mazzello (Tim Murphy)", "Ariana Richards (Lex Murphy)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Arnold)", "Wayne Knight (Dennis Nedry)", "Gerald R. Molen (Gerry Harding)", "Miguel Sandoval (Juanito Rostagno)", "Cameron Thor (Lewis Dodgson)", "Christopher John Fields (Volunteer #1)", "Whit Hertford (Volunteer Boy)", "Dean Cundey (Mate)", "Jophery C. Brown (Worker in Raptor Pen)", "Tom Mishler (Helicopter Pilot)", "Greg Burson (Mr. D.N.A. (voice))", "Adrian Escober (Worker at Amber Mine)", "Richard Kiley (Jurassic Park Tour Voice (voice))", "Brad M. Bucklin (Lab Technician (uncredited))", "Laura Burnett (Archeologist (uncredited))", "Gary Rodriguez (Miner - Dug Out Mosquito (uncredited))", "Brian Smrz (Driver of Grant, Sattler & Malcolm's Jeep (uncredited))", "Robert 'Bobby Z' Zajonc (InGen Helicopter Pilot (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rob", "content": "If you somehow missed this movie and have never seen it then watch it immediately. As a young boy of 9 on my way to the cinema I wasn't at all prepared for the on-screen awesomeness I was about to witness, one of the defining movies of my childhood and of the modern age. With special effects that simply blew any and all previous dino movies out of the water, compelling story and the odd comic moment such as the Mr Arnolds arm it really did make that evening something I will remember forever. So successful it went on to spawn 3 sequels, the second was enjoyable, the third not so much. The newest Chris Pratt one, I'll leave that for you but its worth a watch, especially if you want to wash the taste of the 3rd one out of your mouth. It gave me nightmares for weeks, really really wonderful nightmares."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I love it. There are movies coming out right now, 25 years later, with triple the budget (even _Jurassic_ movies) where the effects just cannot hold a candle to _Jurassic Park_. If that was the **only** thing it had going for, it would be enough for me to recommend this movie for all, but make no mistake, _Jurassic Park_ is **great** with or without them (but thank God it's with).\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "moovies", "content": "\"Life finds a way\u2026 to let us enjoy dinos in theaters\"\r\n\r\nFilthy rich millionaire John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) is about to open a dinosaur theme park. He invites a couple of experts to satisfy his investors. During a preview tour things go awfully wrong.\r\n\r\nWhile \u2018Jurassic Park\u2019 is too simplistic to be a perfect movie it is blockbuster cinema at its very best. Spielberg grabs you by the throat from the get go and you instantly know you\u2019re in for quite a ride.\r\nThe story is simple but effective. Author Michael Crichton did his very best to make the cloning dinosaurs part plausible. When you have living giant meat-eaters in your amusement park it\u2019s not hard to come up with something which causes things to go south so fast before you can say T-rex.\r\n\r\nThe movie works because it doesn\u2019t take itself too seriously. The characters are somewhat underdeveloped but their main purpose is to serve as dino treats. The Ian Malcolm character (Jeff Goldblum) is of little use but he\u2019s funny. Grumpy Dr. Grant (Sam Neill) is the perfect counterpart. You can\u2019t help but root for these characters.\r\n\r\nWhat makes the movie stand out are the ground-breaking special effects. Even to this day it\u2019s remarkable what ILM and Stan Winston\u2019s crew achieved. Although a 'Jaws' approach would have perhaps worked better (Love the shot of the T-rex\u2019 leg in the mud) the dinos look so realistic.\r\n\r\nWhat \u2018Jurassic Park\u2019 does have in common with 'Jaws' is John Williams\u2019 score. Although not as ominous and iconic as 'Jaws', Williams went for wonderment this time around. Perhaps not regarded as his most famous work it\u2019s amazing. When the experts travel to the island Williams\u2019 score does indeed give you a sense of wonderment. The scene where the visitors first lay eyes on the dinosaurs is movie magic.\r\n\r\nRereleased for its 25th anniversary it\u2019s safe to say we rarely have had more fun in the cinema than while watching 'Jurassic Park'."}], "recommandations_id": [330, 331, 85, 89]}