{"tmdb_id": 330112, "title": "Ashby", "original_title": "Ashby", "slug_title": "ashby", "date": "2015-04-19", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Ed Wallis, un lyc\u00e9en solitaire et intello, se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec son nouveau voisin, Ashby, un assassin de la CIA \u00e0 la retraite qui n'a plus que quelques mois \u00e0 vivre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o4gaHLrCIC2rHNxdsfYX427ZVYI.jpg", "actors": ["Mickey Rourke (Ashby Holt)", "Nat Wolff (Ed Wallis)", "Emma Roberts (Eloise)", "Sarah Silverman (June Wallis)", "Adam Aalderks (Valchek)", "Seth Dousman (Garry Smits)", "Kevin Dunn (Coach Bruton)", "Zachary Knighton (Father Ted)", "Michael Lerner (Entwhistle)", "John Enos III (Coach Wally)", "Steve Coulter (Peter Black)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> People can change, but for some it is too late!\r\n\r\nIt's a wonderful cast and not a bad production either, so I enjoyed the watch, but did not like the film much. The reason is I had seen a few similar flicks which are much better than this in every way. A school kid and his single parents' struggling relationship and their strange neighbour, so it is the concept I'm familiar with, but the story was a bit different. There are a few good scenes in it, but the most of the parts were dominated by the only the nice events like happily ever after kind of stuffs right from the beginning.\r\n\r\nThe title role was played by Mickey Rourke, but it was Nat Wolff's film. The narration should have been much better, I mean it should have had more complicated segments. I even don't know how it got the R rating. The writing and the direction, both should have been a bit bolder. There are some people who liked it a lot and defending it, but I'm neutral. To me it was 50-50, I neither liked nor disliked. But all I wanted was a bit better than this, so I can't judge it for other. I hope you make a right decision on this if you plan to watch it.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29501, 253283, 250572, 267457], "youtube_key": "J4QAQVWvFcE"}