{"tmdb_id": 330115, "title": "Ride", "original_title": "Ride", "slug_title": "ride", "date": "2014-11-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Une patronne de magazine d\u00e9cide d'accompagner son fils en Californie, parti accomplir son r\u00eave : faire du surf, alors que sa m\u00e8re ne l'entend pas de cette oreille. Mais la directrice croisera sur son chemin un prof de surf, qui lui redonnera go\u00fbt \u00e0 la vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3E7VFKi4rwRgxSCGo82hmZtQveJ.jpg", "actors": ["Helen Hunt (Jackie)", "Brenton Thwaites (Angelo)", "Luke Wilson (Ian)", "Robert Knepper (Peter)", "Leonor Varela (Danielle)", "David Zayas (Ramon)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Tim)", "Mike White (Roger)", "Elizabeth Jayne (Blanche)", "Julie Dretzin (Joanna)", "Jay Russell (Maitre 'D)", "Jordan Lane Price (Marywald)", "Willie C. Carpenter (Doorman)", "Richard Kind (Boss)", "Makena Lei Carnahan (Young Girl on Plane)", "Jay Huguley (Co-Worker)", "Evan Williams (Brad)", "Jacob McCafferty (Surfer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Too protective mother and her grown up son keen to choose his own path.\r\n\r\nIt is a 2nd directional feature for Helen Hunt. She also starred in a prominent role which is about a mother-son relationship. I don't understand why it was rated very low, but I like this rare movie, which portrayed parent-children bond in an emotional way. Such kind of a beautiful film the last time I saw was the 'The Guilt Trip', I guess. Only the women filmmakers can make films like this.\r\n\r\nMaybe this movie hit my weak point, I'm always sympathetic to the old people's struggle. Anyway, I liked the Helen Hunt's role and she was not struggling, but wanted to connect with her son who's grown up and trying to stretch his wings to fly away from her. This is very usual in the real world, an affectionate father towards his daughter and the same to a mother towards her son. I find this kind of themes are very cute and touches me.\r\n\r\nThere's nothing bad about the direction, but the screenwriting. Helen Hunt is not a great writer, in some parts the film was very dry. Feelingless emotions, but overall keeping the prime target as a mother who's pursuing her son for some reason. There were a few scenes that added the fun flavour to the movie.\r\n\r\nI wanted to give more points it, but I can't. Besides, I can recommend it to the people who're interested to have a movie about the family issues. Not like couples having a quarrel, but between parents and their kids, like maybe similar to the one I mentioned in the first paragraph.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 392660, 328448, 306197]}