{"tmdb_id": 330421, "title": "Papanasam", "original_title": "Papanasam", "slug_title": "papanasam", "date": "2015-07-03", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Familial / Thriller", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Jusqu'o\u00f9 irez-vous pour sauver votre famille ? Soyambulingam, un autodidacte vit paisiblement dans un petit village. Il g\u00e8re son entreprise dans le plus grand bonheur, jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 une lourde charge p\u00e8se sur lui et sa famille. Arrivera-t-il \u00e0 d\u00e9jouer la machine judiciaire ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3jAtqBrfY7mPuvhqTan3H0B0JAz.jpg", "actors": ["Kamal Haasan (Suyambulingam)", "Gautami Tadimalla (Rani Suyambulingam)", "Kalabhavan Mani (Constable Perumal)", "Asha Sarath (IG Geetha Prabhakar)", "Niveda Thomas (Selvi Suyambulingam)", "Anant Mahadevan (Prabhakar)", "Esther Anil (Pullimeena Suyambulingam)", "Roshan Basheer (Varun Prabhakar)", "Charle (Bus Conductor)", "Delhi Ganesh (Rani's father)", "M. S. Bhaskar (Sulaiman Baai)", "Shanthi Williams (Rani's mother)", "Vaiyapuri (Hotel Owner)", "Ilavarasu (Constable Shanmugam)", "Arul Dass (Sub-Inspector Suresh Babu)", "Sree Raam (Cheramadurai)", "Abhishek Vinod (Thangaraj)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "The best thing about Papanasam is how convincingly it makes us forget the original Drishyam, and manages to stand on its own. The film is almost a frame-by-frame remake of the Malayalam film and still, it doesn't give that vibe of being a remake. The small town setting, where everyone knows one another, is crucial to the plot and Jeethu Joseph's convinvingly sets his slow-burning crime thriller in picturesque Papanasam. Right from the slang, the local milieu is so well realized that the film transports us to the place.\r\n\r\nScript-wise, there are no major changes save for the fact that the protoganist Suyambulingam (Kamal Haasan) is a markedly different character from that of the original's George Kutty. Mohanlal nicely underplayed the role and gave us the impression of a man who was confident of winning the cat-and-mouse game he was playing with the cops, Kamal Haasan makes the character more emotional and we see a man who cannot afford to lose. This approach makes Suyambulingam one among us, so in addition to caring for the character, we begin to see every problem that he encounters as our own.\r\n\r\nSuyambulingam is someone who has made it big in life all by himself and he takes pride in the fact. His cable TV business serves as a perfect outlet for his obsessive cinema watching (he even stays up at his office during the night to watch movies on TV and goes home only in the mornings). But what he cares the most is his family \u2014 his wife Rani (Gauthami, decent in her comeback role) and daughters Selvi (Nivetha Thomas) and Meena (Esther Anil). When Selvi is blackmailed by Varun (Roshan), who has shot a scandalous video of her, the situation goes out of control and the boy ends up dead. Suyambulingam will not let his family suffer and so, hatches upon an elaborate plot \u2014 inspired by the movies he has watched and his innate street smartness \u2014 to create water-tight alibis. But his opponent, Geetha Prabhakar (Asha Sarath), is equally clever; she is a woman, a mother and a cop \u2014 and all these three kinds of people are known for their instinct. At one point, she sees through his game plan but can she prove that they are lies?\r\n\r\nOne of the strengths of Papanasam is how it makes us side with both these two characters in the end. Geetha's son might be a rogue but she and her husband (Ananth Mahadevan) are parents who love their son as much as Suyambulingam loves his daughters. But until the climax, we see her doing everything \u2014 including physical torture \u2014 to get the truth out. The supporting characters \u2014 Kalabhavan Mani as the constable who is constantly at loggerheads with the hero and is an eye-witnesses to his crime, MS Bhaskar as the friendly tea-shop owner, Delhi Ganesh as Suyambu's father-in-law, Aruldas as the decent sub-inspector \u2014 are just the right fit for the parts. Jeethu Joseph also irons out one major niggle in the Malayalam film \u2014 we are told why a lie detector is out of question in this particular case and that adds to the plausibility of the plot.\r\n\r\nGiven that the script is so strong, the filmmaking takes a backseat. The camera is unobtrusive though the framing and editing in some scenes comes close to TV drama and involves reaction shots of the characters in the frame. Thankfully, the low-key background score, which swells only during genuinely thrilling moments, gives a cinematic touch to the proceedings.\r\n\r\nThough it is a plot-driven film, Papanasam is equally a Kamal Haasan show. This is turning out to be a splendid year for Kamal, the actor. If he made us care for Manoranjan in Uttama Villain with a restrained performance, here, he superbly balances the showiness and resoluteness of Suyambulingam. After a long while, Kamal isn't encumbered by the other roles he has to play in the film (we have to go back to Vettaiyadu Vilayadu to see him in only one role \u2014 actor) and that seems to have been refreshing for him. There is a little more vigour in his performance and it is a joy to see him having fun in the initial portions of the film. This calm also translates into a measured performance in scenes which require heavy-duty acting. Take away the minor issue of the fake moustache and this is a flawless performance."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Every act is fair from their own perspective!\r\n\r\nThe title represents a small town where the story takes place. An opportunity to see the old Kamal Haasan. It was like been ages, seen him in this kind of attire, especially Tirunelveli accent was phenomenal. As usual, his performance and expressions stole the show and none others were matched his par in the movie. Nothing wrong to call it was his show. Kind of addicted to 'Yeya En Kottikkaara' song. A typical Tamil song, if you are, you might feel the deep.\r\n\r\nIt was a remake of the Malayalam movie 'Drishyam', which was inspired by the Japanese novel 'The Devotion of Suspect X'. I have not seen the original movie, but seen the Japanese version based on the same book. There are no major comparisons, except the crime, the rest was completely rewritten to suit the Indian audience. But the writer denies, by saying neither book adaptation nor inspired.\r\n\r\nI have heard that the narration was very emotional and the characters were more guilt feel than the Malayalam. Initially Rajnikath was considered for the main role, but happy it went to Kamal Haasan. None other than him would have suited better to portray Suyambulingam. He would definitely bring the emotions out of you easily. After Sivaji, he's the king of those roles. At the plenty of the scenes I was amazed by his execution, especially in the end scene when he finally breakdown with guilt.\r\n\r\nI don't believe when people say the original version is a must watch. Every film industry in India has fine actors, especially this film recruited their best as of I have heard. So I recommend your native version or the closest one to opt. The advantage in the remakes are, a chance to fix if there were any flaws in the original. Since it was directed by the same filmmaker, I strongly suggest the neural audience to pick between the original and this one, because of the naturalistic portrayal of the rural family. But if you prefer stylish, especially for the non-Indian, there's always Bollywood.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [318754, 54389, 387252, 369094]}