{"tmdb_id": 330483, "title": "The Choice", "original_title": "The Choice", "slug_title": "the-choice", "date": "2016-02-04", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Voisins dans une petite ville c\u00f4ti\u00e8re, Travis Parker et Gabby Holland deviennent amants. Mais la vie va les mettre \u00e0 l'\u00e9preuve...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7EenqQdtZjOeBAAlxNtnG1eLHnf.jpg", "actors": ["Benjamin Walker (Travis Parker)", "Teresa Palmer (Gabby Holland)", "Maggie Grace (Stephanie Parker)", "Alexandra Daddario (Monica)", "Tom Welling (Ryan McCarthy)", "Tom Wilkinson (Dr. Shep)", "Jesse C. Boyd (Matt)", "Brad James (Ben)", "Noree Victoria (Liz)", "Anna Enger (Megan)", "Marty Stonerock (Alice Vandy)", "Brett Rice (Dr. McCarthy)", "Ashley LeConte Campbell (Maryanne McCarthy)", "Sharon Blackwood (Cora)", "Diane Sellers (Jackie)", "Lou Lou Safran (Katie)", "Vance Griswold (Jesse)", "Wilbur Fitzgerald (Mr. Holland)", "Callan White (Mrs. Holland)", "Brett Kelley (Steph's Fianc\u00e9)", "Caity Brewer (Pretty Girl)", "Lori Lail Marette (Woman)", "Sophia Grillo (Server)", "Simone Griffeth (Distinguished Woman)", "Joseph Gallison (Distinguished Man)", "Veda Wilson (Churchgoer)", "Niki Davis (Shelly Ballard (uncredited))", "Jennifer Brown Andersen (Taylor's Mom (uncredited))", "Rochelle Aycoth (Doctor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When a veterinarian meets a doctor.**\r\n\r\nNot for the current generation, the film was at least 20 years late. On the other hand, I think the direction is not good. Even the casting looks so bad. There are lots of big names for the women characters. Even for the tiny roles, Maggie Grace and Alexandra Daddario appeared. And I could not find one good male actor, apart from Tom Wilkinson. Sorry to say, but the lead actor was not the perfect choice. Besides, I find Teresa Palmer was over-performed her parts. If you have seen many romance flicks, you will find it clich\u00e9 in the many segments.\r\n\r\nIt was based on the book of the same name written by the 'The Notbeook' author. It is his another signature romance tale, but somewhat different from all his books those made into the films. I did not come here to write bad about it, but I could not find any good stuffs about it to give some credits. Maybe the location was great and music. The fun part is, I did not know anything about it, so when I decided to watch, I saw the poster and assumed it was a lesbian theme. Funny, but disappointed after realising the mistake.\r\n\r\nStill, some of the dialogues were below par, not romantic when those were delivered and then there're some silly scenes like the dog finding the lost object, including its following event. Those things make it more a supernatural film than actual world romance. The film is for a selected audience, I'm sure the film will find its audience today, tomorrow or even decades to come. But there will be people like me on the corner who say the film is not good, so ignore them if you really want to try it and decide yourself.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [239571, 228205, 112949, 77877], "youtube_key": "sJq7CAGF4mw"}