{"tmdb_id": 330459, "title": "Rogue One - A Star Wars Story", "original_title": "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story", "slug_title": "rogue-one-a-star-wars-story", "date": "2016-12-14", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Situ\u00e9 entre les \u00e9pisodes III et IV de la saga Star Wars, le film nous entra\u00eene aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s d\u2019individus ordinaires qui, pour rester fid\u00e8les \u00e0 leurs valeurs, vont tenter l\u2019impossible au p\u00e9ril de leur vie. Ils n\u2019avaient pas pr\u00e9vu de devenir des h\u00e9ros, mais dans une \u00e9poque de plus en plus sombre, ils vont devoir d\u00e9rober les plans de l\u2019\u00c9toile de la Mort, l\u2019arme de destruction ultime de l\u2019Empire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mcwCNjqKUkebvknFkpj0UPdpSj.jpg", "actors": ["Felicity Jones (Jyn Erso)", "Diego Luna (Captain Cassian Andor)", "Alan Tudyk (K-2SO)", "Donnie Yen (Chirrut Imwe)", "Jiang Wen (Baze Malbus)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Director Orson Krennic)", "Guy Henry (Grand Moff Tarkin)", "Forest Whitaker (Saw Gerrera)", "Riz Ahmed (Bodhi Rook)", "Mads Mikkelsen (Galen Erso)", "Jimmy Smits (Bail Organa)", "Alistair Petrie (General Draven)", "Genevieve O'Reilly (Mon Mothma)", "Ben Daniels (General Merrick)", "Paul Kasey (Admiral Raddus)", "Stephen Stanton (Admiral Raddus (voice))", "Ian McElhinney (General Dodonna)", "Fares Fares (Senator Vaspar)", "Jonathan Aris (Senator Jebel)", "Sharon Duncan-Brewster (Senator Pamlo)", "Spencer Wilding (Darth Vader)", "Daniel Naprous (Darth Vader)", "James Earl Jones (Darth Vader (voice))", "Ingvild Deila (Princess Leia Organa)", "Anthony Daniels (C-3PO)", "Jimmy Vee (R2-D2)", "Valene Kane (Lyra Erso)", "Beau Gadsdon (Young Jyn)", "Dolly Gadsdon (Younger Jyn)", "Duncan Pow (Sergeant Melshi)", "Jordan Stephens (Corporal Tonc)", "Babou Ceesay (Lieutenant Sefla)", "Aidan Cook (Edrio Two Tubes)", "Daniel Mays (Tivik)", "Andy de la Tour (General Hurst Romodi)", "Tony Pitts (Captain Pterro)", "Martin Gordon (Vane\u00e9)", "Eric MacLennan (Rebel Tech)", "Francis Magee (Jav Mefran)", "Bronson Webb (Rebel MP)", "Geraldine James (Blue Squadron)", "Ariyon Bakare (Blue Squadron)", "Simon Farnaby (Blue Squadron)", "Drewe Henley (Red Leader Garven Dreis)", "Angus MacInnes (Gold Leader Dutch Vander)", "Toby Hefferman (Blue Eight)", "Jack Roth (Lieutenant Mytus Adema)", "Geoff Bell (Lieutenant Frobb)", "Derek Arnold (Pao)", "Nick Kellington (Bistan)", "Michael Smiley (Dr. Evazan)", "Warwick Davis (Weeteef Cyubee)", "Angus Wright (Hammerhead Captain)", "David Ankrum (Wedge Antilles)", "Ian Whyte (Moroff)", "Rian Johnson (Death Star Technician)", "Ned Dennehy (Prisoner)", "Angus Cook (Mechanic)", "Emeson Nwolie (Personnel)", "Jorge Leon Martinez (X-Wing Pilot)", "Russell Balogh (X-Wing Pilot)", "Steen Young (Vault Officer)", "Tyrone Love (Rebel Marine Commander)", "Attila G. Kerekes (Rebel Marine on Yavin)", "Mac Pietowski (Commi Tech / Marine Soldier)", "Ram Bergman (Death Star technician)", "Katie Sheridan (Stormtrooper)", "Terri Douglas (Stormtrooper)", "Vanessa Lengies (Stormtrooper)", "Vanessa Marshall (Stormtrooper)", "Verona Blue (Stormtrooper)", "Dave Filoni (Stormtrooper)", "David Boat (Stormtrooper)", "David Cowgill (Stormtrooper)", "David Sobolov (Stormtrooper)", "Eugene Byrd (Stormtrooper)", "Fred Tatasciore (Stormtrooper)", "James Arnold Taylor (Stormtrooper)", "Julian Stone (Stormtrooper)", "Matthew Wood (Stormtrooper)", "Michael Giacchino (Stormtrooper)", "Robin Atkin Downes (Stormtrooper)", "Samuel Witwer (Stormtrooper)", "Tom Kane (Stormtrooper)", "Tony Gilroy (Stormtrooper)", "Yuri Lowenthal (Stormtrooper)", "Alexi Melvin (Stormtrooper)", "Christian Simpson (Stormtrooper)", "Christopher Scarabosio (Stormtrooper)", "David Acord (Stormtrooper)", "Flora Miller (Stormtrooper)", "John Gilroy (Stormtrooper)", "John S. Schwartz (Stormtrooper)", "Jonathan Dixon (Stormtrooper)", "Karen Huie (Stormtrooper)", "Kevin Hickman (Stormtrooper)", "Lex Lang (Stormtrooper)", "Michael Donovan (Stormtrooper)", "Orly Schuchmacher (Stormtrooper)", "Steve Bardrack (Stormtrooper)", "Tom Harrison-Read (Stormtrooper)", "William M. Patrick (Stormtrooper)", "Robert Benedetti-Hall (Engineer)", "Richard Franklin (Engineer)", "James Harkness (Private Basteren)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"It carries the burden of being about odds and stakes, of legacies and consequences, of understanding destiny...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2016/12/17/rogue-one-a-star-wars-story.html"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Is not my new favourite _Star Wars_ movie. But does contain my new favourite _Star Wars_ scene.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "PeterJasonQuill", "content": "Fun Star Wars movie. Plenty of homages and nods to the original trilogy throughout the film, Andy plenty of cameos as well. Has amazing action sequences and enough thrills to keep any true Star Wars fan hooked right from the beginning. No opening crawl at the start for a change and a great score by Michael Giachinno, but still includes the original end credits with John Williams' original music. K-2SO is a show stealer and is very funny as a character. Overall the best Star Wars film since Empire Strikes Back in my opinion. The force is with this one."}, {"pseudo": "Lucky_Man", "content": "On the surface, this is a well-made action movie set within the Star Wars universe filled with nods and homages to \"A New Hope\" that will make you tingle with warm nostalgia. The reappearance of sets, costumes and characters from our favorite childhood movies might make you say \"Now, THIS is a Star Wars movie!\"\r\n\r\nHowever, nostalgia and making copious amounts of money on that nostalgia seemed to be Disney's primary strategy with this movie. It's mimicry, plain and simple. The CGI recreations of Peter Cushing and Carrie Fisher felt very dirty and a flagrant disrespect to the departed actors, not to mention jarring, for a first time viewer. The digital appearance of Grand Moff Tarkin disengaged me from the frail story and made me settle my stomach with a handful of antacid tablets. \r\n\r\nThe story, writing, characterization is on-par with what you'd expect from modern cinema and the movie serves it's primary purpose of being entertaining. But, as a long-time Star Wars fan, I just couldn't help but feeling pandered to while watching this movie."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Oups! I just realized that, for some reason, this movie had fallen between the cracks. It was quite some time since I watched it but I seem to have forgotten to write a post about it.\r\n\r\nFor me this was one of the best of the new (after the original trilogy) Star Wars movies. It was fun, entertaining with plenty of good, old-fashioned Star Wars action. I generally do not like prequels but this time I felt it was nice to get a bit of the background to the statement that \u201ca number of spies died to get this information\u201d in episode IV. We were even provided with a bit of an explanation as to why the Death Star had this silly weakness in the first place.\r\n\r\nThe actors were doing a decent enough job of it. The chatty android was fun without being totally silly. It was a nice roller coaster ride of action, improvisations, and gung ho ludicrous stunts inside and outside of various forms of transportation means.\r\n\r\nAs usual with Star Wars the science part of science fiction is somewhat lacking. What looks cool is what is put on the screen and screw science. When reading books I am more sensitive to such things but for a Star Wars movie it works well enough.\r\n\r\nSome people seem to be dissecting the characters and dialogue, trying to put logic into it as well as wanting to have more emotions and \u201ccharacter development\u201d. Come on! It is a Star Wars movie. It is supposed to be all action and visually stunning.\r\n\r\nOn that this movie delivers. Sure the plot is not really the most developed one and has plenty of faults. The movie is till a hugely fun Star Wars based science romp though."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The episode III\u00bd.**\r\n\r\nSo this is like a bridge between the original trilogy and the next three prequels. A story where the main characters from the original tale are not involved. Being a big fan of this franchise, I loved it. I did not expect big, so got entertained well. But pity that this wonderful characters are not going to return. This is just a one-off film. For seeing its overwhelming success, there could be a prequel, which has a very very slim chance.\r\n\r\nThe story was like that had started in a half way. That's why I wanted a prequel to tell us the Galen Erso's point of view story. When he has been taken back to the base to work for the Empire, his daughter is the only one who escapes from there. After a few years later the grown- up daughter, Jyn, end up on the rebel's side. When she hints a plan for them to strike the Empire, nobody considers it. But a rogue gang forms where they all does according to her saying. That's the story, and how it all ends are the rest.\r\n\r\nThe story was simple, but the action-adventures were good. Like what a 'Star Wars' fans want to see. The main drawback was there's no familiar faces around. Even the original franchise style of title and credit presentation was off the beat. Though there were cameos. Darth Vade, Princess Leia, R2D2 and 3PO, including a small lightsabre fight at the end, just to satisfy the fanboys. Overall a worthy film, otherwise it would have not earned one billion at the box office, making one of the top 10 of all time.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [140607, 1895, 1894, 1893]}