{"tmdb_id": 330633, "title": "Cendres sous le mer", "original_title": "Cenizas bajo el mar", "slug_title": "cendres-sous-le-mer", "date": "2014-12-14", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "9.7/10", "synopsis": "Irene est une femme d'\u00e2ge moyen qui va \u00e0 la consultation du Dr Cano qui l'a inform\u00e9 qu'il a une maladie en phase terminale. En partant, il r\u00e9pond Jorge est dans la m\u00eame situation, les deux ont quelques mois. Cependant, ce qui semble une fin devient le d\u00e9but d'une aventure romantique inhabituelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1uh2ZOHK7GUHaiJ2gs40iGOGFfb.jpg", "actors": ["Salvador S\u00e1inz (Jorge)", "Anal\u00eda Ivars (Irene (storyteller))", "Celia S\u00e1inz (Celia)", "Stan Valen (Neighbour)", "Sara Gazulla (Doctora Cano)", "Eva Mar\u00eda Milara (Irene)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rodolfo Fierro", "content": "A late love story. Two people are going to die and are known in the\r\nmedical office that has evicted. Bisexuality, trios, the last chance\r\nfor happiness. Good music and good actors, at odds only exaggerated and\r\nicy leading lady. It is a pity because with a good actress in front had\r\nbeen short round. Best Analia Ivars voice, the music of Liverpool\r\nString Quartet and beaches. That story of unbridled love, passion and\r\nsex. You can love until the last breath. Love can also be about three,\r\nmaybe it's not a bad idea to change the number of components of a\r\ncouple. Love above all, you need not be handsome, and have a beautiful\r\nbody. Original and unusual history."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}