{"tmdb_id": 330697, "title": "Belgica", "original_title": "Belgica", "slug_title": "belgica", "date": "2016-03-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Jo et Frank sont fr\u00e8res, et comme souvent dans les familles, ces deux-l\u00e0 sont tr\u00e8s diff\u00e9rents. Jo, c\u00e9libataire et passionn\u00e9 de musique, vient d\u2019ouvrir son propre bar \u00e0 Gand, le Belgica. Frank, p\u00e8re de famille \u00e0 la vie bien rang\u00e9e et sans surprise, propose \u00e0 Jo de le rejoindre pour l\u2019aider \u00e0 faire tourner son bar. Sous l'impulsion de ce duo de choc, le Belgica devient en quelques semaines the place to be\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5HMeqtWczMYJ7z3e4GwdXIrj7XF.jpg", "actors": ["Stef Aerts (Jo)", "Tom Vermeir (Frank)", "Dominique Van Malder (Manu Dewaey)", "Ben Benaouisse (Momo)", "Boris Van Severen (Tim Coppens)", "Sara De Bosschere (Nikki)", "Charlotte Vandermeersch (Isabelle)", "Stefaan De Winter (Ferre)", "H\u00e9l\u00e8ne De Vos (Marieke)", "Jean-Michel Balthazar (Andr\u00e9)", "Bo De Bosschere (Wibo)", "Sam Louwyck (Rodrigo)", "Anjana Dierckx (Katrien)", "Hannes Reckelbus (Jan)", "Silvanous Saow (Rudy Rasta)", "Fouad Oulad Khlie (Mohammed)", "Arne Sierens (Frederic)", "Johan Heldenbergh (Bruno Schollaert)", "Nils De Caster (Inspector Dewaele)", "Titus De Voogdt (Inspector Van Beveren)", "Tom Ternest (Piet Symons)", "Willy Peeters (Instructor bewakingsagent)", "Ilse De Koe (Maternity Ward Nurse)", "Iris Van Cauwenbergh (Svetlana)", "Zinya Van Reeth (Brenda)", "Brit Van Hoof (Grietje)", "Greet Verstraete (Carole)", "Fathia Assoued (Yamila)", "Marijke Pinoy (Diane)", "An Vancutsem (Fiona)", "Ignace Paepe (Class mate Bouncer)", "Eric Kabongo (Rapper 1 (uncredited))", "stafaan de winter (Ferre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> To start a business and carried away by its success.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of the Oscar nominated film 'The Broken Circle Breakdown', about two brothers who joins hand to start a new business and what follows is how they carried out by its success. This is not an enjoyable film, but still worth a watch. Because the film theme was the highlight, that focused how people can change when their efforts on something makes to reach its target. This is not for everyone, but youngsters in their 20s, 30s should check it out. It is an inspiring story to start a business of their own, but also warns strongly about the consequences of the outcome.\r\n\r\nThere is no major story in it to keep expanding every now and then, just evolves around two brothers and other characters surrounding them. From their plan for a new business to its preparation to making it real and then finally triumph. Besides this, their friends and families are covered to reveal how it affects them all once the money starts to flow in. How the drugs, sex and wild party, all the unexpected bad habits bring bad reputation within their circle is the point of the film. Till one of the brothers realise it and take an appropriate step to curb it, but that does really happen is what the film's climax discloses.\r\n\r\n> \"All people are born innocent but most don't stay that way.\"\r\n\r\nIt did not look like a film with twist and turns. Especially no villains or the terrible things like that related to the crime world to change the course of the story after reaching a certain point. The first thing we think hearing a film about the bar is the gangster theme. But this is different, the nicer side of what had seen so far on that theme. No guns, no gang fights, but the rest of the things had its share like in a real world. When those things come into effect, that's where this story takes a twist.\r\n\r\nJust within its limit, it covered some important events like the advantage and disadvantages for being the night club owners. For example, such club needs internal security and trusted employees. That's how this film filled the void to drag for as long as 2 hours. That was my concern. It was too long to watch a film that does not have any entertaining elements. So remember that it's not a comedy, romance, crime or a thriller, just a drama and for some people it might be too boring drama.\r\n\r\nThis film is a good lesson to learn without experiencing our own when one knowingly or without knowingly diverts himself to a wrong path. The film had some great performances too, but it is not for having a good time. It is hard to say who's the audience for it, because it is a simple story, but complicated theme with one end loud music, drugs and all, and the other side family, friends et cetera. Overall, not a bad film to view once.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [8930, 378256, 33806, 78197], "youtube_key": "oz1yQcfEGX4"}