{"tmdb_id": 330764, "title": "Le tout nouveau testament", "original_title": "Le tout nouveau testament", "slug_title": "le-tout-nouveau-testament", "date": "2015-09-02", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Dieu existe. Il habite \u00e0 Bruxelles. Il est odieux avec sa femme et sa fille. On a beaucoup parl\u00e9 de son fils, mais tr\u00e8s peu de sa fille. Sa fille c\u2019est moi. Je m\u2019appelle Ea et j\u2019ai dix ans. Pour me venger j\u2019ai balanc\u00e9 par SMS les dates de d\u00e9c\u00e8s de tout le monde\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6Vk3i6dt06KkJF9UonmQqLngOJi.jpg", "actors": ["Pili Groyne (Ea)", "Beno\u00eet Poelvoorde (God)", "Yolande Moreau (God's Wife)", "Catherine Deneuve (Martine)", "Fran\u00e7ois Damiens (Fran\u00e7ois)", "Serge Larivi\u00e8re (Marc)", "Didier De Neck (Jean-Claude)", "Laura Verlinden (Aur\u00e9lie)", "Romain Gelin (Willy)", "Marco Lorenzini (Victor)", "Johan Heldenbergh (The Priest)", "Anna Tenta (Xenia, l'Allemande)", "David Murgia (J\u00e9sus Christ)", "Gaspard Pauwels (Kevin)", "Bilal Aya (Philippe)", "Johan Leysen (Martine's Husband)", "Dominique Abel (Adam)", "Lola Pauwels (Eve)", "Sandrine Laroche (Catherine)", "Louis Durant (Marc (9 years old))", "Jean Luc Piraux (Willy's Father)", "Anne-Pascale Clairembourg (Willy's Mother)", "Alice van Dormael (Journalist)", "Caroline Lambert (Journalist)", "J\u00e9r\u00f4me Varanfrain (Journalist)", "A\u00efssatou Diop (The Nurse)", "Armand Van Dormael (Le nong\u00e9naire)", "Viviane de Muynck (La m\u00e8re de Georges)", "Pascal Duquenne (Georges)", "Herv\u00e9 Sogne (Le chef des loubards)", "Kody Kim (L'homme qui vivra le plus longtemps)", "Besnik Limani (Le sans-papiers)", "Mich\u00e8le-Anne De Mey (Andr\u00e9e)", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Wolff (M\u00e9decin Willy)", "Norbert Rutili (Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ticien)", "Luc Schiltz (M\u00e9decin h\u00f4pital)", "Harry Cleven (Passant micro-trottoir)", "Jean-Henri Comp\u00e8re (Musicien h\u00e9licon)", "Tom Audenaert (Maquettiste)", "George Nixon (Clochard m\u00e9tro)", "Ivone Semedo (Maman h\u00f4pital)", "Christian Magnani (Publicit\u00e9 pompes fun\u00e8bres)", "Tom Canivet (Fran\u00e7ois (8 ans))", "Clara Gunzig (La cousine de Fran\u00e7ois)", "Agatha Eleanor Masson (La fille des Allemands)", "Nora Young (Aur\u00e9lie enfant)", "Anne-Marie Loop (Femme wasserette)", "Fabien Zeimes (Jean-Claude enfant)", "Gabriel Boisante (Ambulancier)", "Charlie Degotte (Professeur de hockey)", "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Kobankaya (Prostitu\u00e9e)", "Elisa Echevaria Menendez (Kathy)", "Diego Dalmans (Le fils de Fran\u00e7ois)", "Hannah Gunzig (Petite fille boulangerie)", "Eia\u00ebl Lefranq Binon (Willy (6 ans))", "Nora Alberdi Perez (Danseuse main)", "Kiko Mirales (Le gorille)", "Tanguy De Backer (Sans abri devant l'\u00e9glise)", "Elsa Houben (La fille du coiffeur)", "Julien Jakout (Pianiste sur la plage)", "Cyril Perrin (Doublure lumi\u00e8re Beno\u00eet Poelvoorde)", "Jaco Van Dormael (L'automobiliste qui n'a plus que 0 seconde \u00e0 vivre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Re-editing the god's creation.\r\n\r\nI was looking forward for this since it was from one of my favourite directors who is a very unique storyteller. This is a fantasy and a black comedy from Belgium that was chosen to represent the country in the last Oscars. This is where the critics overtake the film fanatic to like it more. It is a theme that revolves on what would you do if you get a power to write the laws of the nature. A complicated topic, because loopholes are inevitable, but the writer and director did not care much about that and narrated the tale what they just wanted to tell.\r\n\r\nThe story centres on an arrogant and abusive father who is also the creator the universe, especially the designer of the lives on the earth and this tale takes place in the Belgian capital, Brussels. When his bored and concerned daughter Ea, runs away from home to re-edit his creation as advised by her brother JC, he goes after her to ensure everything stay as he had planned. In an unexpected confrontation between father and daughter, in the end who is going to be victorious is the rest of the narration. Remember, there is a post credit scene, which opens the door for a possible sequel, but I don't think that'll happen.\r\n\r\n> \r\n> \"Giving men knowledge of their own death... Crazy!\"\r\n\r\nIt was a beautiful concept, but I don't think I liked the entire narration, though some of the parts were very interesting. Since it was a fantasy, logics are not required, but the lack of the basic explanation was the setback if you're a broad minded. This film is for the simple minds, especially after knowing the theme you should not anticipate a genuine tale with great adventure and stunts, particularly not visual extravaganza. It was kind of a drama-adventure, something like entering the world that created by you and experiencing all by yourself the positives and negatives of it.\r\n\r\nSomewhat it was a fun, so definitely not a bad film, but I felt it should have been a lot more than that. Kind of a missed opportunity and falls into a simplicity. All the actors were good, especially the little girl. But I think it's not suitable for the children on the ground of a film character who is associated with sex related stuff, hence it got a few brief nudes.\r\n\r\nThe God character was awesome, even though his acts are predictable I enjoyed the comedies delivered by him. The Ea's undertaking was more a serious and which tries to relate with the Chritianity, especially 'The Last Supper' after her decision to help a few selected people down in the earth over billions. All the above it was barely a magical film, so that's where you've to compromise than to expect crazy stuffs out of it. So in my opinion, it was not delightful as it looks nor the best work of this talented director, but a decent 2 hour long film.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [310593, 342281, 254320, 323020]}