{"tmdb_id": 330916, "title": "King Jack", "original_title": "King Jack", "slug_title": "king-jack", "date": "2015-04-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Growing up in a rural town filled with violent delinquents, Jack has learned to do what it takes to survive, despite having an oblivious mother and no father. After his aunt falls ill and a younger cousin comes to stay with him, the hardened 15-year-old discovers the importance of friendship, family, and looking for happiness even in the most desolate of circumstances.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dpfDsoKL5ofQLe5rsjZmHMI2hph.jpg", "actors": ["Charlie Plummer (Jack)", "Cory Nichols (Ben)", "Christian Madsen (Tom)", "Danny Flaherty (Shane)", "Erin Davies (Karen)", "Chlo\u00eb Levine (Holly)", "Keith Leonard (Officer Pete)", "Yainis Ynoa (Harriet)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Stand up and fight back like a king!**\r\n\r\nLike everyone who saw it said a surprise film from a debutant writer, director. It is a powerful title, but the film was different. Like it focused to tell the story of a teenager named Jack who is regularly picked to bully by some older guys from the school. The film opened with a payback act by Jack, but soon they get him back. This time it gets more serious than ever, and how it ends comes in the latter half of the film.\r\n\r\nThis is a short film and a good screenplay too. Initially I did not like much, it looked like another same old themed teen film. But the second half of the film completely changed, especially about bullying and how others see it, apart from the victim and offender. An awareness film, though the end drawn as what a cinematic storytelling required than the social message.\r\n\r\nThe kids did well, particularly Jack, Ben and a few others. There's no obscene materials, but in a sequence it gets bold like how normal teenagers are obsessed with those stuffs. That does not mean it is bad for them to watch. It is a much better film on this theme, and gets better while progressing narration. It is one of the under noticed good film of the year. It's not a must see, yet worth giving it a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [214218, 206, 257568, 128842], "youtube_key": "QL_EYJFBIfI"}