{"tmdb_id": 331446, "title": "Sharknado 3 : Oh Hell No!", "original_title": "Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!", "slug_title": "sharknado-3-oh-hell-no", "date": "2015-07-22", "genre": ["Action / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die / Aventure"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir fait des ravages \u00e0 Los Angeles, puis \u00e0 New York, la troisi\u00e8me tornade de requins fait un retour destructeur dans la capitale des Etats-Unis, juste au moment o\u00f9 Fin se rend \u00e0 la Maison Blanche. Apr\u00e8s avoir d\u00e9truit Washington D.C., la \u2019Sharknado\u2019 d\u00e9truira tout sur son passage jusqu\u2019aux c\u00f4tes de Floride, o\u00f9 April, enceinte de 9 mois atend impatiemment Fin. Alors qu\u2019il rejoint sa famille au plus vite, des centaines de tornades de requins font alors leurs apparitions pour ne former plus qu\u2019une tornade g\u00e9ante, qui menace de d\u00e9truire toute la c\u00f4te Est. Fin r\u00e9alise qu\u2019il va devoir trouver une solution, qui ne se trouve peut-\u00eatre pas sur Terre ....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hEpMnXqC7bIklSrUN1qPGyKxRBJ.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Ziering (Fin Shepard)", "Tara Reid (April Dawn Wexler-Shepard)", "Cassandra Scerbo (Nova Clarke)", "Frankie Muniz (Lucas)", "Ryan Newman (Claudia Sheperd)", "David Hasselhoff (Gilbert Grayson Sheperd)", "Mark Cuban (President of the United States)", "Bo Derek (May Wexler)", "Blair Fowler (Jess)", "Michael Winslow (Brian 'Jonesy' Jones)", "Jack Griffo (Billy)", "Michelle Beadle (Agent Argyle)", "Ne-Yo (Agent Devereux)", "Chris Jericho (Bruce)", "Mark McGrath (Martin Brody)", "Ann Coulter (Vice President)", "Melvin Gregg (Chadd)", "Grant Imahara (Lodge)", "Christopher Judge (Lead Agent Model)", "Lou Ferrigno (Agent Banner)", "Lorenzo Lamas (Sergeant Rock)", "Kim Richards (Babs Jensen)", "Bill Engvall (Gary Martin Hays)", "Jackie Collins (Herself)", "Cindy Margolis (Ms. Litella)", "Robert Klein (Mayor of New York)", "Rick Fox (Rick)", "Jerry Springer (Mr. White)", "Penn Jillette (Lieutenant Colonel Stylo)", "Teller (Major Caissier)", "Kendra Wilkinson (Flo)", "Holly Madison (Lieutenant Harrison)", "Erika Jordan (NASA Engineer Harleen Quinn)", "Diana Terranova (The Bride)", "Steve Guttenberg (Colton West)", "George R. R. Martin (Himself)", "Hoda Kotb (Herself)", "Anthony C. Ferrante (NASA Launch Director Marymee)", "Matt Lauer (Himself)", "Al Roker (Himself)", "Kathie Lee Gifford (Herself)", "Benjy Bronk (Preacher)", "Oliver Kalkofe (Roller Coaster Rider)", "Peter R\u00fctten (Roller Coaster Rider)", "Maryse Ouellet Mizanin (Officer Davis)", "Bruno Salomone (Ren\u00e9 Joubert)", "Darcy DeMoss (Airman #1)", "Marc Maron (Club Promoter (Uncredited))", "Genevieve Morton (Guest at the White House)", "Jared Fogle (Himself)", "Anthony Weiner (NASA Director Regina)", "Ray J (Tom Major)", "Chad Johnson (Sergeant)", "Chris Kirkpatrick (Lifeguard)", "Gerald 'Slink' Johnson (Lieutenant Jared)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I am almost ashamed to admit that I watched this movie. After all I knew that it was going to be a bad movie. There are mitigating circumstances though. When my youngest son saw that SyFy were showing this piece of crap yesterday evening he absolutely wanted to watch it. I said okay and since I usually watch a TV-show or a movie with the kids in the evening I sat done with them to watch it.\r\n\r\nI was not really prepared for the level of crappiness that was going to be assaulting my senses. I thought that, since they managed to get funding for a third movie, that there would be some qualities in the movie that I could consider mentioning in a positive context. Well, if I should try and bend over to find something positive to say then the hash tags that where displayed in the lower right corner of the screen was occasionally somewhat funny.\r\n\r\nFor the rest however, it is an utter load of crap. The acting is more than lousy. The special effects are generally crap. Story? It is incoherent, ludicrous and must have been dreamed up during influence of forbidden substances. It jerks all over the place from Washington to Florida and finally into space. Sharks on a space shuttle? The entire movie is so unintelligent, dumb and lousy that it is not even entertaining as a comedy. Even if you try to put your brain in park you are assaulted by such an amount of garbage that you can feel your grey cells trying to escape your body. I probably killed more grey cells watching this movie than in a week long drunken binge.\r\n\r\nWhat astounds me is that some people seems to believe that this movie should have a 10 out of 10 rating. That is even more unbelievable than the level of crappiness of the movie itself. This is a solid 1 out of 10 stars movie if any movie have deserved such a low rating. I do not often rate a movie that low. There are usually something in the movie that bounces it up to a 2 or 3 star rating. Not so with this one."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Oh Hell No!_ does not continue to genuinely raise the enjoyability of the _Sharknado_ franchise, it does however continue to artificially raise the stakes. Critics seemed to have cooled on bizarrely praising the movies completely out of left field at this point as well, as _Sharknado 3_ hits the series' first negative rating on Rotten Tomatoes.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [248504, 390989, 205321, 438970], "youtube_key": "mAmYUt1-5Rg"}