{"tmdb_id": 331583, "title": "The Whole Truth", "original_title": "The Whole Truth", "slug_title": "the-whole-truth", "date": "2016-03-25", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un avocat se bat pour faire innocenter son client, un adolescent accus\u00e9 du meurtre de son p\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lsuLDvhGOR8JZiNHuK6yZWTc3Vs.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (Richard Ramsey)", "Ren\u00e9e Zellweger (Loretta Lassiter)", "Gugu Mbatha-Raw (Janelle)", "Gabriel Basso (Mike Lassiter)", "James Belushi (Boone Lassiter)", "Sean Bridgers (Arthur Westin)", "Christopher Berry (Jack Legrand)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Judge Robichaux)", "Jim Klock (Leblanc)", "Nicole Barr\u00e9 (Angela Morley)", "Jason Kirkpatrick (Detective Graves)", "Jackie Tuttle (Trixie Westin)", "Mattie Liptak (Alex Westin)", "Ryan Grego (Young Mike)", "Lara Grice (Juror #3)", "Lucky Johnson (Limo Driver)", "Lyndsay Kimball (Office Steed)", "Thomas Francis Murphy (Crime Tech)", "Dana Gourrier (Courthouse Employee)", "Samantha Beaulieu (Court Clerk)", "Wes Cannon (Van Driver)", "Jeff Grays (Guard)", "Barry Smith (Bailiff)", "Larry McGhee (Bailiff #2)", "Chauntrell Shelby (Bailiff #3)", "Mac Alsfeld (Mac)", "Jerome Andries (Lawyer)", "Chris Angerdina (Courtroom Spectator)", "Michael D. Anglin (Courtroom Spectator)", "John L. Armijo (Assistant Prosecutor)", "Jon Arthur (Richard Ramsey's Best Friend)", "Nazeema Bartek (Office Staff)", "Sean Beck (Bar Patron)", "Tearyn Belanger (Juror)", "Jodi Lyn Brockton (Waitress)", "Kina Dach'e Bullock (Court Attendee)", "Michelle DeVito (Bywater Resident)", "Geraldine Glenn (Juror #12)", "Genevieve Grogan (Attractive Woman #2)", "Sadarias Harrell (Cafe Parton)", "Tamika Shanell Johnson (Courtroom Reporter)", "Patrick Kearns (Poolside Guest)", "John C. Klein (St. Bernard Parish Deputy)", "Donald M. Krause (Lawyer)", "Susie Labry (Juror)", "Jamara Laster (Sheriff Deputy - Baptiste)", "Cynthia LeBlanc (Juror #8)", "Elton LeBlanc (Courtroom Spectator)", "Justin Lebrun (Poolside Guest)", "Tracy B. Mann (Lawyer)", "Scott Everett Nichols (News Camera Man)", "Lisa Raziano (Juror)", "Gus Rhodes (Courtoom Observer)", "Maritta Viola Sattelmaier (Attractive Woman #1)", "Carl Singleton (Juror #2)", "Bob Walker (Trial Spectator)", "Jesse Yarborough (Sheriff Deputy - Robbins)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**...Or the whole lie!**\r\n\r\nIt's a courtroom drama, about a murder mystery of a wealthy lawyer. It opened with a defense attorney voicing his 17 year old boy client suspected of murder of his own father. The boy had not spoken ever since the incident, so his lawyer does not know how to build the case and defend him. Seems no one know what happened except the boy, so proving he's an innocent becomes their tough nut to crack. How the trial ends and revealing truth comes in the later part.\r\n\r\nBoring. That's right, but not fully. The main reason was it is slow like a soulless. There's no one's performance to highlight. Only Gugu looked so good in her small part when everybody else was so dull. The Keanu Reeve's background narration was sometimes annoying. Totally unbelievable that Renee Zellweger was unrecognisable 6 years after returning to the cinema. I had to check online to confirm that she was it.\r\n\r\nThe idea for the story to develop was not that bad, but had some issues. The screenplay was flawed, though the initial part looked okay. Probably in the midway, you will figure it out all like I did, so the remaining is to know how it all happened. The detail at the end was too much. After letting us know the truth, they did not had to detail that part in the pictures which in my perspective ruined this film. That makes it a not so smart.\r\n\r\nAnd also about the parenting, particularly about the mother, the writers missed the point like any mother would defend her child for any cost. It's their nature, I mean most of them, so not this mother to blame for that, but the writers who only thought of the twist and to keep the suspense for as long as it goes. So this is an average film for intelligent people and even for the average people. Now you know who might love this flick than anybody else. Yet not bad for watching it once.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [375183, 290751, 359790, 331962], "youtube_key": "eNjXFdiC1O0"}