{"tmdb_id": 331827, "title": "Rouge Foug\u00e8re", "original_title": "Rouge Foug\u00e8re", "slug_title": "rouge-fougere", "date": "2015-06-05", "genre": "Horreur / Musique / Science-Fiction", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de survivants recherche son m\u00e9dicament dans un monde toxique. En proie au manque, l\u2019humanit\u00e9 est redescendue dans ses travers les plus sombres. A mesure que les r\u00e9serves de l'\u00e9quipe s\u2019amenuisent, une nouvelle menace appara\u00eet. Les survivants feront-ils face une fois de plus ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7RG2x3tTN5idncJxIv0Ae9H0YaH.jpg", "actors": ["Tristan Mercier (the Leader)", "Thomas Pukrop (the Second)", "Mortimer Joly (the Doc)", "Thomas Zaderatzky (the Independant)", "Simon Zaderatzky (Whipping Boy)", "Thomas Pukrop (the Right Hand)", "Akim Mokrani (Dead Body)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MachineSauvage", "content": "In the film, protagonists must ingest a substance every 24 hours. If they don't, they\u2019ll turn into dangerous lunatics. Their environment is toxic, breathing fresh air equals more exposure to the virus. On top of that all, survivors are hunted down by an army of self-aware drones.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nTheir \"medicine\" is the one we all have to swallow every day. It is the message sent off by the order established boxes to fill, control, and fear. In that world, you miss your pill and you might realise that Humanity has been slowed down in its elevation.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nMasses, controlled with cures for \"anxiety\". Sedatives to get us all back to sleep! Don't take your pill and you \u2018ll become a threat to the dogma instated. Beware of our beloved system, because it has developed the ultimate weapon. Perverse administration, crushing people back into the tiny little box where they belong. Automated war machines, tracking deviants and terminating them.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThose who have stopped swallowing the pill are nowhere near a liberated human being. They are tortured by insidious fears, flashing back into their minds like a pop-up would : hate ! violence ! Should we give up on a vaccine distributed for generations? Should we break the addiction in a world on which the only hope is to become a madman?"}], "recommandations_id": []}