{"tmdb_id": 331962, "title": "Suspicions", "original_title": "Exposed", "slug_title": "suspicions", "date": "2016-01-22", "genre": "Drame / Crime / Thriller", "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Enqu\u00eatant sur le meurtre de son co\u00e9quipier Joey Cullen, Scott Galban d\u00e9couvre des preuves accablantes de corruption qui viennent ternir l'image du bon flic. Poussant ses investigations, malgr\u00e9 les r\u00e9ticences de son entourage, il est convaincu que quelqu'un d\u00e9tient une information capitale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d0oVCoV6KyX64FAruQcDrhuDuMZ.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (Detective Scott Galban)", "Ana de Armas (Isabel de La Cruz)", "Mira Sorvino (Janine Cullen)", "Christopher McDonald (Lt. Galban)", "Laura G\u00f3mez (Eva)", "Sandy Tejada (Yesenia)", "Danny Hoch (Joey Cullen)", "Ismael Cruz C\u00f3rdova (Jose de La Cruz)", "Big Daddy Kane (Black)", "Melissa Linton (Detective Ramirez)", "Michael Rispoli (Detective Dibronski)", "Denia Brache (Gloria de La Cruz)", "Venus Ariel (Elisa)", "Danny Hoch (Detective Joey Cullen)", "Gabe Vargas (Manuel 'Rocky' De La Cruz)", "Ariel R. Pacheco (Naldo)", "Stephen Thompson (Albino Floating Man)", "Clara Wong (Albino Woman)", "Jeanette Dilone (Marisol De La Cruz)", "Danny Guzman (Gucci De La Cruz)", "Leopold Manswell (Kendu Wallace)", "Justice Quiroz (Rafael)", "Pablo Gonz\u00e1lez (Munchy)", "Gilbert Cruz (Grandfather)", "Louis Martinez (Big Pete)", "Amaurys Rodriguez (Rufy)", "Daniel Ojeda Astigarraga (Sal)", "Shirley Roeca (Day Care Mother)", "Jewel Donohue (Doctor Alain)", "Monte Greene (Anthony Galban)", "Julissa Roman (Rosa)", "Nelson Landrieu (Luca)", "Andrew Polk (Martin Himmel)", "Brianne Berkson (Sales Girl (uncredited))", "Peter Conboy (New York City Police Officer (uncredited))", "Andrea Lynn Green (Female Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> I would like to try the director's cut; this one is a post-production disaster.\r\n\r\nIf you say it is the worst film of the year, I won't deny that. There are more substandard films than this, but having a big name like Keanu Reeves, it is a great disappointment. It was written and directed by an inexperienced filmmaker. That was a big challenge the production house has taken, and in the end it's a failed attempt. But that was not the actual reason for the disaster.\r\n\r\nMaybe the director's cut would have been better than this version. Because the actual film was a bilingual drama that reminds us classic cult films. But the production house decided to turn it into a money generating product. Due to that plan-B it went through the lots of cuts to turn it into a single story. In the end the 'lost in translation' happened. So that's answers why it was credited under a false director's name.\r\n\r\nIt is hard to give an opinion on the story, because it's a confusing narration due to imbalance in the genres which is originally meant for two different stories. The twist was taken straight out of another film, so that makes the conclusion was very silly. First of all, Keanu Reeves' character was next to nothing. I don't understand how he ended up in this project. If his side story was chopped off, it would have made a decent short film and vice versa. I am sure, 8 out of 10 would feel a letdown and the remaining 2 might like it or maybe fall into a confused state.\r\n\r\n3\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [334527, 360203, 301608, 359412]}