{"tmdb_id": 332210, "title": "Cigognes et compagnie", "original_title": "Storks", "slug_title": "cigognes-et-compagnie", "date": "2016-09-22", "genre": "Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Pendant longtemps, les cigognes livraient les b\u00e9b\u00e9s. D\u00e9sormais, elles acheminent des colis pour un g\u00e9ant de l'Internet. Junior, coursier star de l'entreprise, s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 \u00eatre promu. Mais il actionne accidentellement la Machine \u00e0 Fabriquer les B\u00e9b\u00e9s\u2026 qui produit une adorable petite fille, en totale infraction avec la loi !  Avec l'aide de son ami Tulip, seul \u00eatre humain sur le Mont Cigogne, Junior se pr\u00e9cipite pour effectuer sa toute premi\u00e8re livraison de b\u00e9b\u00e9. Le temps presse car son patron ne tardera pas \u00e0 apprendre la nouvelle\u2026 Junior pourra-t-il redonner aux cigognes la vraie mission qui est la leur ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3jLVzdFGMucpI6qpVXPuj9k1Y8l.jpg", "actors": ["Andy Samberg (Junior (voice))", "Katie Crown (Tulip (voice))", "Kelsey Grammer (Hunter (voice))", "Keegan-Michael Key (Alpha Wolf (voice))", "Jordan Peele (Beta Wolf (voice))", "Anton Starkman (Nate Gardner (voice))", "Jennifer Aniston (Sarah Gardner (voice))", "Ty Burrell (Henry Gardner (voice))", "Stephen Kramer Glickman (Pigeon Toady (voice))", "Danny Trejo (Jasper (voice))", "Awkwafina (Quail (voice))", "Ike Barinholtz (Miscellaneous Storks (voice))", "Jorma Taccone (Miscellaneous Storks (voice))", "Christopher Nicholas Smith (Dougland (voice))", "Amanda Lund (Miscellaneous Storks (voice))", "Cam Clarke (Loop Group (voice))", "Al Rodrigo (Loop Group (voice))", "Yuri Lowenthal (Loop Group (voice))", "Scott Menville (Loop Group (voice))", "Steve Blum (Loop Group (voice))", "June Christopher (Loop Group (voice))", "Keith Silverstein (Loop Group (voice))", "Steve Staley (Loop Group (voice))", "Patrick Seitz (Loop Group (voice))", "Lara Cody (Loop Group (voice))", "Colleen O'Shaughnessey (Loop Group (voice))", "Danielle Judovits (Loop Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**To realise their actual line of work.**\r\n\r\nI usually anticipate the animation films, but I was not interested in this. I saw it mainly because of how much I liked 'The Lego Movie'. This is not as good as that one, but cute little adorable animation. The film is exclusively for the kids and the families, but anybody can have a good time if they are not expecting according to their age, gender and other things. So if you are yet to watch, leave behind those in order to enjoy it.\r\n\r\nIt is nothing to do with the 2009 short film 'Partly Cloudy'. But those who wanted a feature film on the similar theme would enjoy it. It is a little different though. The storks who switched their business to another, 18 years later a chain of events makes them realise what they should be doing. So in an adventure, soon to be the boss, a bird named Junior struggles to fix his mistake. In the process, he unleashes some secrets which brings the final act where the narration decides which way to end.\r\n\r\nNot a bad story, which is a road adventure like many animation films. The comedies were good and the characters are well developed in the short span. Some parts seem very silly, but enjoyable. Particularly the wolf-pack and their weird approach to deal with things. The animation too was very smooth and overall film was short, so swiftly narrated tale. This is not the year's best animation, though watching it for entertainment would work. Animation fans should not miss it, and must see for little children.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [136799, 153518, 335797, 328111]}