{"tmdb_id": 332340, "title": "Man Up", "original_title": "Man Up", "slug_title": "man-up", "date": "2015-05-29", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'elle se rend \u00e0 l'anniversaire de ses parents, une jeune femme est prise par erreur pour le rendez-vous galant d'un homme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y7C1EQ9zxJ3mlaQeRztw3NVw41P.jpg", "actors": ["Simon Pegg (Jack)", "Lake Bell (Nancy)", "Rory Kinnear (Sean)", "Ken Stott (Bert)", "Harriet Walter (Fran)", "Olivia Williams (Hilary)", "Sharon Horgan (Elaine)", "Phoebe Waller-Bridge (Katie)", "Robert Wilfort (Ryan)", "Ophelia Lovibond (Jessica)", "Paul Thornley (Adam)", "Keir Charles (Dom)", "Henry Lloyd-Hughes (Daniel)", "James Oliver Reilly (Cloakroom Attendant)", "Stephen Campbell Moore (Ed)", "Jack Whitam (Man In Toilet #1)", "Oliver Lansley (Man In Toilet #2)", "Steve Oram (Man In Toilet #3)", "Simona Brown (Sophie)", "Maya Henson (Essie)", "Dean-Charles Chapman (Harry)", "John Bradley (Andrew (uncredited))", "Paulina Boneva (Girl on train (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Sometimes the right thing comes from the wrong.\r\n\r\nAnother excellent Simon Pegg movie. This is his fourth movie I'm seeing inside a month and I enjoyed them all, especially 'Hector and Search for Happiness' was my favourite. This was a romantic-comedy that takes place in just one evening. A story about blind dating, boy meets girl, they spend a quality time by sharing the details and later turn against each other. So a recycled old theme that was very well crafted.\r\n\r\nIf you see the poster what does the tagline says, well, that's what I was looking for. I had 'Date Night' in my mind, and thought it might be an altered British version. Other than that I was truly not expecting anything special, but a normal comedy, maybe sloppy. And it does only until a certain stage of the story, but 30 minutes later it overturns. So the best narration briskly took a slide towards joyous ride in the remaining 1 hour.\r\n\r\nI think, for right now Simon Pegg is my favourite British actor and you know the reason that I stated in the first paragraph. Lake Bell, who donned in a director's hat in her recent feature was so good on a 34 year-old role she played in this film. Together they were so perfect, one of the best on-screen couple with a wonderful chemistry. It was a story of two middle aged odd guys whose lives were shattered for some reasons. They meet accidentally and bond well. Once the truth got out, they repel away, but they both have something in common and that puts them on a test once they decide to correct the mistakes they have made.\r\n\r\n> \"After this shot I will stronger,\r\n> wiser and finally moving on.\"\r\n\r\nAt some stage in the life every person will going to be in their 30s and 40s (and some were had been there) like the couple from this film. The life won't be the same for everybody like that shown here, but can be understood, because that's the experience that define it. Despite romance crisis about the middle-aged guys, many dialogues were excellently written and funny as well.  A couple of lines really made me worry and I can't just ignore by saying it was just a flick.\r\n\r\nKind of easy to begin a story, like we're standing in an open ground and decide to move any direction we want in our 360\u00ba angle. But development is the key factor in the movie making and this film outshines. The real challenge was how to end it and once again it was a beautiful conclusion, even though I knew it was so clich\u00e9 for a romantic-comedy.\r\n\r\nOverally looked a fairy-tale like theme, which irresistible if you love touching romantic stories. Definitely a good movie from the director of 'The Inbetweeners' and I'm going to recommend it for those who also liked the similar movies below I mentioned. But remember it's only cinematically amusing than being realistic.\r\n\r\n7\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [254375, 237756, 157360, 201086]}