{"tmdb_id": 332500, "title": "College Coeds vs. Zombie Housewives", "original_title": "College Coeds vs. Zombie Housewives", "slug_title": "college-coeds-vs-zombie-housewives", "date": "2015-03-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Efforts to develop a new sexual enhancement formula go terribly wrong when the beautiful test subjects lapse into a trance-like state.  With the Zombie Housewives wandering the neighborhood, no one is safe until a trio of College Cheerleaders rush in to save the day!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8POFtgPAan08RGnvUQBXGN7tQkw.jpg", "actors": ["Erika Jordan (Judy The Head Cheerleader)", "Karlie Montana (Tracy The Zombie Housewife)", "Andrew Espinoza Long (Hank The Quaterback)", "Christine Nguyen (Carrie The Zombie Housewife)", "Mary Carey (Marilyn The Zombie Scientist)", "Adriana Chechik (Kara The Cheerleader)", "Frankie Dell (Gary The Scientist)", "Michelle Maylene (Laurel The Cheerleader)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Joey C", "content": "This film delivers exactly what i wanted out of one of these! First off, the girls are sexy. Erika Jordan, Karlie Montana & Christine Nguyen in the same movie?! Plus it's a funny plot, the main guy Hank is cool and plays his part. I hope Retromedia does more of these films... I'd pre pay!"}, {"pseudo": "TravisPayne", "content": "Started off really good to me! Then the plot  started to bore me, but when the cheerleaders show up I was in it to win it! And the scene with all of them together, priceless $$$"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}