{"tmdb_id": 332562, "title": "A Star Is Born", "original_title": "A Star Is Born", "slug_title": "a-star-is-born", "date": "2018-10-03", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Star de country un peu oubli\u00e9e, Jackson Maine d\u00e9couvre Ally, une jeune chanteuse tr\u00e8s prometteuse. Tandis qu'ils tombent follement amoureux l'un de l'autre, Jack propulse Ally sur le devant de la sc\u00e8ne et fait d'elle une artiste adul\u00e9e par le public. Bient\u00f4t \u00e9clips\u00e9 par le succ\u00e8s de la jeune femme, il vit de plus en plus mal son propre d\u00e9clin\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uoq8DobPxciPEJ5EuBeqDt8av76.jpg", "actors": ["Lady Gaga (Ally Campana)", "Bradley Cooper (Jackson Maine)", "Sam Elliott (Bobby Maine)", "Andrew Dice Clay (Lorenzo Campana)", "Rafi Gavron (Rez Gavron)", "Anthony Ramos (Ramon)", "Dave Chappelle (George \"Noodles\" Stone)", "Alec Baldwin (Himself)", "Marlon Williams (Himself)", "Brandi Carlile (Herself)", "Ron Rifkin (Carl)", "Barry Shabaka Henley (Little Feet)", "Michael D. Roberts (Matty)", "Michael Harney (Wolfie)", "Rebecca Field (Gail)", "Willam Belli (Emerald)", "Greg Grunberg (Phil)", "D.J. \"Shangela\" Pierce (Drag Bar Emcee)", "Eddie Griffin (Preacher)", "Drena De Niro (Paulette Stone)", "Jacob Schick (Bryan (Catering Manager))", "Gabe Fazio (Tommy)", "Luenell (Cashier)", "Lukas Nelson (Jackson's band)", "Anthony LoGerfo (Jackson's band)", "Corey McCormick (Jackson's band)", "Logan Metz (Jackson's band)", "Tato Melgar (Jackson's band)", "Don Roy King (Himself)", "Halsey (Herself (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "cityguide", "content": "It feels silly to even qualify this one. LADY GAGA. BRADLEY COOPER (who can sing and direct, apparently). You don\u2019t even need to have any info about the plot to know that this a priority must-see.\r\n\r\nBut, in case you\u2019re wondering, it\u2019s also based on one of the most iconic (and beloved) movie musicals of the 20th century (it\u2019s been re-made a bunch of times, but none was better than the Judy Garland-helmed version) and in addition to all the Gaga-Cooper creative brilliance, the screenplay is also co-written by Eric Roth, the Oscar-winning screenwriter who once compared life to a box of chocolates in Forest Gump (he modified the novel\u2019s original \u2014 and far less quotable \u2014 line, \u201cBeing an idiot is no box of chocolates\u201d)"}, {"pseudo": "vanessamay", "content": "Very interesting. As soon as I saw the trailer, I wanted to see it. I work in the <a href=\"https://devmyresume.com/cv-writing/\">professional cv services</a>, and through the big traffic there is no time for going to the cinema, so I will wait for the film to appear in good quality on the Internet. But the trailer is exciting. Everything I love: romance, love and music!"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Lady Gaga clearly is (and has been for a very long time) a fantastic singer, and has made massive strides as an actor as well, but I _really_ did not enjoy this.\r\n\r\nBradley Cooper has clearly been studying at the Jeff Bridges' School of Being Completely Fucking Incomprehensible for this one. Maybe he was just trying to lend some believebility to the idea that he and Sam Elliot were brothers, I don't know (If that is the case, it failed miserably). Which I mean, whatever, it's his movie, he do that character whichever way he wants, but I don't appreciate it myself. Honestly the only thing in this, the fourth iteration of _A Star Is Born_ that I **did** appreciate at all was the first 15 minutes and the last 15 minutes. I didn't love those segments by any stretch, but I liked them at least partly. Not so for what came in between.\r\n\r\nI can definitely support _A Star is Born's_ two audio-related Oscars, and maybe, _maybe_ even see my way to understanding the Best Actress nomination for Gaga, but beyond that, I don't follow the logic at all.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Lady Gaga clearly is (and has been for a very long time) a fantastic singer, and has made massive strides as an actor as well, but I **really** did not enjoy this.\r\n\r\nBradley Cooper has clearly been studying at the Jeff Bridges' School of Being Completely Fucking Incomprehensible for this one. Maybe he was just trying to lend some believebility to the idea that he and Sam Elliot were brothers, I don't know (If that is the case, it failed miserably). Which I mean, whatever, it's his movie, he do that character whichever way he wants, but I don't appreciate it myself. Honestly the only thing in this, the fourth iteration of _A Star Is Born_ that I **did** appreciate at all was the first 15 minutes and the last 15 minutes. I didn't love those segments by any stretch, but I liked them at least partly. Not so for what came in between.\r\n\r\nI can definitely support _A Star is Born's_ two audio-related Oscars, and maybe, **maybe** even see my way to understanding the Best Actress nomination for Gaga, but beyond that, I don't follow the logic at all.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [424694, 487558, 490132, 375262]}