{"tmdb_id": 33253, "title": "6IXTYNIN9", "original_title": "\u0e40\u0e23\u0e37\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e07\u0e15\u0e25\u0e01 69", "slug_title": "6ixtynin9", "date": "1999-11-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Tum, une timide jeune femme de 25 ans, travaille comme secr\u00e9taire \u00e0 Bangkok. Un matin, elle trouve devant sa porte une bo\u00eete de nouilles instantan\u00e9es qui contient un million de baths. Elle d\u00e9cide de garder l'argent, mais les ennuis commencent. Depass\u00e9e par les \u00e9v\u00e8nements, Tum est entrain\u00e9e dans une spirale infernale, absurde et sanglante.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bkxhceiETR2HHlub62bK0WkQO44.jpg", "actors": ["Lalita Panyopas (Tum)", "Sirisin Siripornsmathikul (Pen)", "Prompop Lee (Shop owner)", "Tasanawalai Ongartittichai (Jim)", "Jaran 'See Tao' Petcharoen (Old Man)", "Black Phomtong (Kanchit)", "Arun Wannarbodeewong (Mr. Tong)", "Cheathavuth Watcharakhun (Sornchakr)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A funny story about 6 and 9.\r\n\r\n6ixtynin9 (Ruang talok 69) is without doubt a film of acquired tastes, a pic that's hard to recommend with any great confidence. That is, though, unless you have a kink for violent black comedy crime movies, where the narrative drive is quirky and fulsome, even winsome in some regards.\r\n\r\nStory finds Lalita Panyopas (excellent) as Tum, a lady who has just been laid off from work courtesy of lots being drawn. Feeling desperate and at the end of her tether, she's amazed to find on her doorstep a noodle box with $25,000 in it. A gift from the gods? Not quite! And once some shifty gangster types come knocking at her door, nothing will ever be the same again...\r\n\r\nThere's a whole ream of films this draws from, but favourably so, especially since the films often referenced in reviews are pretty tasty in themselves. Yet this is no hack job, director and writer Pen-Ek Ratanaruang has crafted a splendid pot of Thai neo-noir curry, putting his own stamp on things, imbuing the pic with his own flourishes, such as showing acts of violence off screen! Via a shadow, a splatter of blood, or a pair of legs going limp.\r\n\r\nThe characters who inhabit this world are gloriously strange or purely deranged. The henchmen are from a Thai boxing club, garishly attired in bright red clobber (film is packed with pronounced reds), one of them is even deaf, while their boss is a bit off the map, likes to have one of his charges massage him with is feet. There's a phone sex pest, who ends up being a real key component to how things pan out, and one of the baddies reveals tears and a most bizarre death in the family!\r\n\r\nIt's all deliciously off kilter, even as the bodies pile up, the black comedy tongue is prodding away at the inside of the cheek. But ultimately its noir heart is with the vagary of fate and of the coincidences that pitch our everyday woman (she's no moll or assassin type) into a bloody and bonkers world. All of which has hinged, ironically, on a number badly screwed to an apartment door! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [88426, 86823, 35072, 74982], "youtube_key": "a-WLwEyg2tA"}