{"tmdb_id": 332706, "title": "Bleeding Heart", "original_title": "Bleeding Heart", "slug_title": "bleeding-heart", "date": "2015-04-16", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Une professeure de yoga cherche \u00e0 prot\u00e9ger sa s\u0153ur prostitu\u00e9e de son petit ami violent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bTNMmaVn4K6kyrqkxc4AXMwqYqS.jpg", "actors": ["Zosia Mamet (Shiva)", "Jessica Biel (May)", "Joe Anderson (Cody)", "Edi Gathegi (Dex)", "Kate Burton (Martha)", "Exie Booker (Peter)", "Sherina Mikasa (Yoga Chick 2)", "Kat Purgal (Girlfriend)", "LaToya Gulley (Ashtanga Yogi)", "Michelle Brew (Ashtanga Yogi)", "Deepak Ramapriyan (Yogi)", "Nandini Bapat (Meditator)", "Sam Ly (James)", "Espie Randolph (Actor)", "Unati Mangaliso (Yoga Chick)", "Mauricio Gomez Amoretti (Ashtanga Yogi)", "Lacey Alessandra (Meditator)", "Lori Jean Wilson (Meditator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Getting into trouble for lending a hand to only family.**\r\n\r\nIt was actually a better film than I thought. But it should have been even better. Written and directed by a woman filmmaker and that revolves around two women. When a Yoga instructor makes contact with her sister for the first time since coming to know her existence, does not go well. At first, it was casual, but after observing her closely, she offers help in any way possible. That's when all the trouble comes out and the remaining film is to reveal how the tale concludes.\r\n\r\nFor a small film like this, including its short runtime, this film does not look boring. I said that because of the concept that you might feel familiar. There are twists and turns, yet most of the film is predictable, but not bad for watching it once. The cast, particularly Jessica Biel looked good, but the other woman contributed in the performance section. Started off like a drama, but ends with thriller. The film is not for everyone. Those who don't watch films regularly might find it interesting than film critics and film fanatics.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [340881, 18820, 479970, 502426], "youtube_key": "vniwsss3kks"}