{"tmdb_id": 333386, "title": "The Duel", "original_title": "The Duel", "slug_title": "the-duel", "date": "2016-06-24", "genre": "Western / Drame", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Un Ranger et son \u00e9pouse mexicaine sont envoy\u00e9s pour enqu\u00eater dans une myst\u00e9rieuse ville \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re texane (Helena), o\u00f9 de nombreux cadavres ont \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1CFvHVWBDMF3ZFysThCbrItM5ji.jpg", "actors": ["Woody Harrelson (Abraham Brant)", "Liam Hemsworth (David Kingston)", "Alice Braga (Marisol)", "Emory Cohen (Isaac)", "Felicity Price (Naomi)", "Jos\u00e9 Z\u00fa\u00f1iga (General Calderon)", "William Sadler (Governor Ross)", "Raphael Sbarge (Dr. Morris)", "Giles Matthey (John)", "Christopher James Baker (Monte)", "Christopher Berry (Dale)", "Benedict Samuel (George)", "David Born (Hoot)", "Lawrence Turner (Silas)", "Jason Carter (William)", "John McConnell (Saul)", "Jimmy Lee Jr. (Jesse Kingston)", "Kim Hidalgo (Maria)", "Doug Van Liew (Jedediah)", "Josh Whites (Clem)", "Kerry Cahill (Philomena)", "Heather Le Roy (Esther)", "Hector Machado (Mexican Man)", "Kelly Bellini (Young Mexican Woman)", "Gloria Sandoval (Old Mexican Woman)", "Marlin Richardson (Harland)", "Ashton Evers (Young David Kingston)", "Jeremy Sande (Charlie)", "Matthew Frias (Young Mexican Boy)", "Caleb J. Thaggard (Nigel)", "Chester Rushing (Winston)", "Danny Cabrera (Young Mexican Man)", "Michael Watson (Ranger)", "Sue-Lynn Ansari (Saloon Woman (uncredited))", "Greg Dees (Townsfolk (uncredited))", "Douglas M. Griffin (Sergeant (uncredited))", "Mallorie Lindsey (Saloon Woman (uncredited))", "Johnny McPhail (Outlaw 1 (uncredited))", "Indiana O'Loughlin (Mt. Hermon Girl (uncredited))", "Sue Rock (Outlaw Woman (uncredited))", "Alaine Tyler (Townsfolk (uncredited))", "Alana Whites (Townsgirl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When revenge's not an agenda, but an opportunity knocks!**\r\n\r\nLately I have been watching lots of blacklisted screenplay films. Some of them were really good, but most of them were not. This is one of those, and I'm not convinced. The story wise, it was decent, until the secret was revealed. After that part, it's become completely uninterested. Because that twist was not par with any decent western film. In fact, it was same as what we had seen in those that sets in the modern day themes, but here it was in the second half of the 1800s.\r\n\r\nSo the story was the bad thing for this, but the actors were good. I liked the Liam Hemsworth. Woody Harrelson was not bad either, but his negative kind of role pushes us away from liking him and so the Alice Braga. It opened well, but did not develop and end well. If you are looking for a good western with the story, this is not for you. You should not try this just for the performances, because I don't think it is worth that much. Definitely, I won't recommend it on that ground, but there's always people for all kinds of films, so I won't surprise if you say it is a better film than what I said.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [291356, 354110, 174751, 270005]}