{"tmdb_id": 333378, "title": "Roseanne for President!", "original_title": "Roseanne for President!", "slug_title": "roseanne-for-president", "date": "2015-04-18", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Twenty-five years after Roseanne Barr\u2019s groundbreaking number-one sitcom, Roseanne for President tells the tale of her 2012 grassroots campaign for President of the United States. While Roseanne may have revolutionized the way Americans talked about family, class, race, gender, and gay rights, this campaign trail adventure is a personal account of Roseanne\u2019s thoughts on these subjects\u2014and others, as we have never heard them before. What seems at first like a political profile quickly becomes a humorous and sentimental picture of an icon. This surprising journey uncovers raw and revealing moments from Roseanne\u2019s private world, while juxtaposing her current influence as a politician with her role as a comedy leader in the '90s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ktdy5Kbzp6kYq0HnyhTtLpdz0Ts.jpg", "actors": ["Roseanne Barr (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Synergi", "content": "Interesting this film is so low. I listened to what she was fighting for and it seems like she actually gets what low to middle-class want. But the main thing is she realizes the country is owned lock stock and barrel by the banks. That the Dollar is nothing buy debt, paper and is backed by nothing. The Federal Reserve isn't federal. What other corporation can print their own money? Marijuana should be legal. Both parties have had a shot at controlling and they both suck and everything gets worse, not better. You can't keep doing the same BS either party and expect a different outcome."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NJwgnvUpsyc"}