{"tmdb_id": 333385, "title": "Mr. Right", "original_title": "Mr. Right", "slug_title": "mr-right", "date": "2016-02-29", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Action / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s bien des d\u00e9convenues amoureuses, une femme tombe enfin sur l'homme parfait... Qui s'av\u00e8re \u00eatre un tueur \u00e0 gages.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y1VT2NoBOx3aC2exhkyN9AGUkMR.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Rockwell (Mr. Right)", "Anna Kendrick (Martha McKay)", "Tim Roth (Hopper / Reynolds)", "James Ransone (Von Cartigan)", "Anson Mount (Richard Cartigan)", "Michael Eklund (Johnny Moon)", "RZA (Shotgun Steve)", "Katie Nehra (Sophie)", "Jaiden Kaine (Bruce)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Gus Patrick)", "Luis Da Silva Jr. (Espinoza)", "Elena Sanchez (Dison)", "Garrett Kruithof (Gage)", "Christopher Matthew Cook (Garrety)", "Wendy McColm (Julia)", "Ross Gallo (Jeff)", "Jimmy Gonzales (Park Thug)", "Kelly Connolly (Hottie)", "Gigi Johnson (Young Martha)", "Jonathan Billions (Little Boy Kyle)", "Cooper Dodson (Little Boy Gordon)", "Alec Rayme (Sniper)", "Sue Rock (Sharon Lutz)", "Marcus M. Mauldin (City Cop)", "Bradley Gallo (Man in Alley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A hitman with the 'killing is wrong' attitude.\r\n\r\nSomething is not right for 'Mr, Right'. It is not an event based action-comedy or something like man meets woman romance-comedy, but very random presentation. Where it begins and where it ends, you can't clearly say it is a well written script. The actings were decent, but the scenes aren't overwhelmingly impressive as it should be. Directed by 'Neon Flesh' famed filmmaker, after that film his other projects weren't up to the standards including this one.\r\n\r\nIt is written by the one who was behind the 'American Ultra'. There's a strikingly similar between these two and you won't deny if you had seen them. Especially Anna Kendrick's character to what the Jesse Eisenberg was in that film. If we go deep, Sam Rockwell as well might fall into the same category to what Kristen Stewart was. At some point, one of the film characters mentions the same secret project. So I think it is the same universe and a spin-off.\r\n\r\nSam-Kendrick combo was the highlight of the film. I hope they would do some serious subject together in the near future. The action sequences were good, other than that it's not funny at all or romantic. That means I did not enjoy it because the theme did not work for me which I felt very common these days. So it failed because of the lack of innovation and proper development, but the overall film was not bad if entertainment is the main agenda. I know there are audience for it and they will back it. I won't stand between you and your watch if you want to try it, I just say be careful, that's all.\r\n\r\n5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Screen Zealots", "content": "LOUISA SAYS:\r\n\r\nA SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com\r\n\r\n\u201cMr. Right\u201d isn\u2019t much more than a half-baked hitman romantic comedy. We\u2019ve seen the concept before (think \u201cTrue Romance\u201d meets \u201cGrosse Point Blank\u201c), but the idea has never been as messy, sloppy and as ill conceived as it is here.\r\n\r\nUnlucky in love Martha (Anna Kendrick) has her world turned upside down when she meets and falls for gun for hire Francis (Sam Rockwell). Their love story blossoms over killings, knives and gun battles. The script, written by Max Landis of \u201cAmerican Ultra\u201d fame, is just too flimsy to work. I expected more from the writer.\r\n\r\nTim Roth and RZA turn in enjoyable supporting performances, but the two leads lend the most starpower. The film features the onscreen pairing of my dreams with Kendrick and Rockwell. The two have an undeniable chemistry, but both actors are completely wasted with this mess. I really, really hope to see them work together in the future in a good movie \u2014 they both deserve a far better vehicle than this.\r\n\r\n\u201cMr. Right\u201d is a fun idea that\u2019s poorly executed.\r\n\r\nMATT SAYS:\r\n\r\nIn \u201cMr. Right,\u201d Martha (Anna Kendrick) has recently broken up with her boyfriend after she discovers him cheating on her. A chance encounter in a convenience store leads her to start dating an unnamed hitman (Sam Rockwell).\r\n\r\nIf those two names \u2014 Sam Rockwell and Anna Kendrick \u2014 are all you need to hear to decide you want to see this movie, read no further. If you want to see the two of them play off of one another, this will be a meal that is mostly satisfying for you, but leaves you just a little bit hungry for something with more substance. There are probably vehicles that would have worked better for the two of them, but basically, it\u2019s enjoyable enough as a choice for a movie night at home.\r\n\r\nThe highlights: Sam Rockwell\u2019s dancing and dry delivery and the way that Anna Kendrick\u2019s millennial-angsty, world-weary-but-optimistic character plays off of him. Tim Roth\u2019s nameless soldier-of-fortune with inscrutable motivations. The rent-a-thug Steve (The RZA), who is nothing if not pragmatic. The lowlights: a terrible script that tries too hard to shoehorn a hardcore action plot into a film that works well enough without it. It\u2019s readily apparent why this movie didn\u2019t get a wider theatrical release.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed seeing it, but ask me a month from now and I\u2019ll barely remember it.\r\n\r\n**A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com**"}], "recommandations_id": [186759, 316023, 288036, 279641], "youtube_key": "2TatqilQ8rI"}