{"tmdb_id": 333371, "title": "10 Cloverfield Lane", "original_title": "10 Cloverfield Lane", "slug_title": "10-cloverfield-lane", "date": "2016-03-10", "genre": ["Thriller / Science-Fiction / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme se r\u00e9veille dans une cave apr\u00e8s un accident de voiture. Ne sachant pas comment elle a atterri dans cet endroit, elle pense tout d'abord avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 kidnapp\u00e9e. Son gardien tente de la rassurer en lui disant qu'il lui a sauv\u00e9 la vie apr\u00e8s une attaque chimique d'envergure. En l'absence de certitude, elle d\u00e9cide de s'\u00e9chapper...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/84Dhwz93vCin6T1PX6ctSvWEuNE.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Michelle)", "John Goodman (Howard Stambler)", "John Gallagher Jr. (Emmett DeWitt)", "Douglas M. Griffin (Driver)", "Suzanne Cryer (Woman)", "Sumalee Montano (Voice on Radio)", "Bradley Cooper (Ben (voice))", "Frank Mottek (Radio Broadcaster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Adds a new perspective to the original film yet it retained the mystery.\r\n\r\nInitially it was called 'The Cellar', but later it became spin-off to 'Cloverfield'. It was a regular type screen narration, unlike the first film as a found footage style. But if you the original film fan, especially monster film fan, you might end in a disappointment. Because it was a psychological-thriller-mystery than the sci-fi-action-adventure.\r\n\r\nOnly the final act determines where and how it actually connects to the Cloverfield universe, yet not very evident other than the clue the title had given and the filmmakers insisted that is indeed from the same franchise. Because I felt, it was very close to other alien invasion films like 'Skyline' and 'Battle LA' or even the latest 'The 5th Wave' than the 'Cloverfield'.\r\n\r\nI surely enjoyed this film, like an another crazy bunker hideout theme and something which is quite similar to the recent 'Room'. Since they have revealed its association with the 'Cloverfield', I expected different kind which was actually insanely misled everybody. If there won't be a sequel, then the link between the two films are unnecessary, so I'm waiting for that. But still a very good film without those mix-ups. And I recommend you all to consider it as a one-off film in order to have a great watching experience.\r\n\r\nAnother limited cast film with barely a four characters in it and shot in a single location that cost just $15m, but earned in multiple folds. All the credit goes to the marketing tactics to tie it up with the 2008 blockbuster. It would have also done great independently, in the end everybody, including fans and filmmakers are happy for what it is now.\r\n\r\nThe suspense was so good, but it was carried out for too long. The third act picked up its pace like hell which was obviously anticipated since 'Cloverfield' hooked to it. When everybody was thinking of monsters, it is going to delivers differently and that's how the film fairs.\r\n\r\n7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Though I tend to go for older science fiction, and, on top of that, from proven directors, two things sold this for me (and I ALMOST ended up seeing this at theatres as a result): John Goodman and J.J. Abrams--the first being solid in everything he does and the second with the Midas touch, especially when it comes to my favourite of genres. I really admired its originality. The cloying nature of the antagonist, the ambiguity of the unique situation and the way everything was tied together quite neatly left me both very satisfied as a cinephile and yearning for hopefully its inevitable sequel."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "People are strange creatures. You can't always convince them that safety is in their best interest.\r\n\r\n10 Cloverfield Lane is directed by Dan Trachtenberg and collectively written by Josh Campbell, Matthew Stuecken and Damien Chazelle. It stars John Goodman, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Gallagher Jr. Music is by Bear McCreary and cinematography by Jeff Cutter.\r\n\r\nMichelle (Winstead) awakes from a car crash to find she is in a locked underground shelter...\r\n\r\nFrom the off it has to be said that to know nothing about this film prior to viewing it will be an absolute bonus. For the rewards are plenty. Trachtenberg and his team have crafted a film that is tense from the get go, a piece that consistently has you wondering just what the hell is going on, not only are we puzzled by the three character dynamic in the shelter, particularly as regards Howard (Goodman), the proprietor of this particular shelter, but also just what has happened in the outside world? If anything? This only helps further the claustrophobic feel that's already brought about by the location setting of the tale.\r\n\r\nA key strength of it, is that it, via Michelle's mindset, coerces us viewers into feeling her unease, and yet conversely we rejoice at her resourcefulness. On the same side of the coin comes her relationship with the third party in the shelter, Emmett (Gallagher Jr), it grows honestly and offers hope in what looks to be a bleak situation. But of course as tale unfolds, things start to come together, edgily so, with little spurts of action, shocks and genuine dread, all building up to the big finale, the reveals. Which will either have you spitting feathers or cursing the makers for the routes taken...\r\n\r\nSuperbly acted by the three principals (it's great that some film makers still realise Goodman is a major talent), and technically impressive for sound and vision, this coiled spring thriller is a winner. 8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "This film started out like Misery and Moon but turned into The Mist. I knew that being a sequel to Cloverfield (which I liked) it might be about aliens but I forgot about this due to how well written it was.\r\n\r\nIt constantly kept giving you questions and contained a lot of tension filled confrontations with John Goodman (thanks to the great screenplay by Damien Chazelle).\r\n\r\nI kind of forgot the direction that the movie would probably go and wasn't too convinced by the ending.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}], "recommandations_id": [7191, 313922, 310131, 300669], "youtube_key": "yQy-ANhnUpE"}