{"tmdb_id": 333339, "title": "Ready Player One", "original_title": "Ready Player One", "slug_title": "ready-player-one", "date": "2018-03-28", "genre": ["Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En 2045, Le monde est au bord du chaos. Les \u00eatres humains se r\u00e9fugient dans l'OASIS, univers virtuel mis au point par le brillant et excentrique James Halliday. Avant de dispara\u00eetre, celui-ci a d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de l\u00e9guer son immense fortune \u00e0 quiconque d\u00e9couvrira l'\u0153uf de P\u00e2ques num\u00e9rique qu'il a pris soin de dissimuler dans l'OASIS. L'app\u00e2t du gain provoque une comp\u00e9tition plan\u00e9taire. Mais lorsqu'un jeune gar\u00e7on, Wade Watts, qui n'a pourtant pas le profil d'un h\u00e9ros, d\u00e9cide de participer \u00e0 la chasse au tr\u00e9sor, il est plong\u00e9 dans un monde parall\u00e8le \u00e0 la fois myst\u00e9rieux et inqui\u00e9tant\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pU1ULUq8D3iRxl1fdX2lZIzdHuI.jpg", "actors": ["Tye Sheridan (Wade Watts / Parzival)", "Olivia Cooke (Samantha Cook / Artemis)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Nolan Sorrento)", "Lena Waithe (Helen Harris / Aech)", "T.J. Miller (i-R0k (voice))", "Simon Pegg (Ogden Morrow)", "Mark Rylance (James Halliday / Anorak)", "Philip Zhao (Zhou / Sho)", "Win Morisaki (Toshiro / Daito)", "Hannah John-Kamen (F'Nale Zandor)", "Ralph Ineson (Rick)", "Susan Lynch (Alice)", "Clare Higgins (Mrs. Gilmore)", "Perdita Weeks (Kira)", "Letitia Wright (Rebel)", "Mckenna Grace (Elementary Kid)", "Lulu Wilson (Elementary Kid)", "Cara Pifko (Leslee)", "Vic Chao (Goro)", "Cara Theobold (Tracer)", "Isaac Andrews (Young Halliday)", "Joel MacCormack (Sixer #6655)", "Kit Connor (Reb Kid)", "Leo Heller (Reb Kid)", "Antonio Mattera (Reb Kid)", "Lynne Wilmot (Pole Dancer)", "Kae Alexander (Reb (Safe House))", "Michael Wildman (Sixer Drill Instructor)", "Adolfo \u00c1lvarez (Elementary Kid)", "Alonso Alvarez (Elementary Kid)", "Jadah Marie (Elementary Kid)", "Arianna Jaffier (High School Kid)", "Armani Jackson (High School Kid)", "Britain Dalton (High School Kid)", "Jacob Bertrand (High School Kid)", "Gareth Mason (Chubby Guy)", "Ronke Adekoluejo (Sorrento's Assistant)", "Daniel Zolghadri (High School Kid)", "William Gross (Ten-Year Old Kid)", "Laurence Spellman (Lame Tattoo Guy (Reb))", "Daniel Eghan (Corporate Businessman (uncredited))", "Julia Nickson (JN / Commuter (uncredited))", "Kiera Bell (IOI Staff (uncredited))", "Samantha Russell (Player (uncredited))", "James Dryden (Oology Expert)", "Violet McGraw (Shopping Cart Kid (uncredited))", "Jayden Fowora-Knight (Boy Playing Tennis)", "Turlough Convery (Chief Oology Expert)", "Rona Morison (Oology Expert)", "Elliot Barnes-Worrell ()", "Asan N'Jie ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Columbusbuck", "content": "There's a moment in this movie when the central character says \"I love her\". His friend hastily replies, \"Slow down bro... she could be a 300 lb man living in his mom's basement.\" In the very brief beat between the two lines, I thought FINALLY a movie about falling in love completely independent of what a person's genetics may be. And then the crushing cynicism in a dystopian world where there is little to live for and even less to hope for: even in a nightmare, a fat man is undateable.\r\n\r\nDon't worry though. If you have the skills you may end up on top. Just like Ben Mendelsohn's slave-owning antagonist almost did. Because in this story, it's not a world where anyone feels compassion or empathy. It's a world where everyone only thinks of themselves. A sociopath's dream. And that's what earns the top prize.\r\n\r\nI love looking at Tye Sheridan. But not enough to sit through this again."}, {"pseudo": "izgzhen", "content": "I watched this movie because I was once working in the VR industry and really curious what it could tell us (even though I am not really interested after watching the trailer).\r\n\r\nAnyway, the experience is not bad (in 4DX). But not recommended for a second watch since there is little to dig and feel except for the numerous, eye-dazzling amount of Easter eggs.\r\n\r\nSorry."}, {"pseudo": "crackerboi", "content": "Another great movie from Steven Spielberg"}, {"pseudo": "lasse", "content": "Obviously everything from the book cannot go into the movie, however a lot of what got into the movie was not from the book. Too much focus on car chases and too little on solving a puzzle.\r\n\r\nIf you haven't read the book, read the book! it's much more awesome!"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Can you imagine watching this if you didn't give a fuck about the '80s? Like there's nothing that happens in _Ready Player One_ that isn't a reference to **something** at least, but almost all of them are '80s references. I mean I worship at the altar of 1980s' references on a daily basis, and even for me this was only so-so, I fear to imagine what _Ready Player One_ might be like for someone who actually demands originality.\r\n\r\nHonestly, it was better than I was expecting, I'll front to that. The promotional campaign for this had the barometer for my excitement on this at a firm zero, and by the time I had finished watching it I was surprised to find I had actually enjoyed multiple things about it, but _Ready Player One_ is an exercise in lack of subtlety, and really tries your limits on suspension of disbelief. Not because of the fantastical endless virtual world inhabited by near every creation since the dawn of pop-culture, but because of the character interactions in their \"real world\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I did not know what I would really think about it when I started to watch this movie. I hoped that I would like it but I was not sure what I would actually get. I used to like Steven Spielberg a lot but later in his career he\u2019s done movies that either was not my kind of movies or that I was simply not that impressed by. However, as it turned out, this one I liked a lot as you can see from my rating.\r\n\r\nAs a computer nerd and science fiction geek this movie was of course right up my alley. I have thought other movies would be my kind of movies before but been sorely disappointed by ignorant and incompetent screen writers and directors trying to cash in on subjects that they knew absolutely nothing about. Spielberg did a good job of not screwing this one up.\r\n\r\nThe core of this movie is of course plenty of action and computer generated special effects with a somewhat apocalyptic story to bind everything together. The story works but it is not really anything special and some of the stuff, like the loyalty centers, was frankly a bit silly. But, as I wrote, it works and does not get in the way so that\u2019s good enough for me.\r\n\r\nAs the previously mentioned nerd and geek I absolutely loved the abundant references to science fiction, fantasy and gaming history and lore. For me those were soo cool. I will probably watch the movie again just to focus on the background and see how much stuff I can spot. Stuff that I missed when watching the movie the first time.\r\n\r\nThe CGI effects and the action was also pretty awesome. The movie starts off right away with a great and absolutely insanely wild car race and continues to go strong from there. The battle at Doom castle at the end is just epic.\r\n\r\nThe only thing that made me go WTF was at the end [SPOILER AHEAD] were Mr Asswipe Sorrento finally catches up with the High Five\u2019s van and the he just freezes and looks at Wade with a silly look on his face. What the fuck was that? Just stupid for no good reason.\r\n\r\nWell, few are the movies where there\u2019s nothing to gripe about. On the whole though this movie was great in my book. Also, I cannot say how pleased I am to finally watch a Hollywood movie that is not a remake or a sequel or a prequel or some other lame excuse to rehash a movie that has already been made."}, {"pseudo": "moovies", "content": "\"Wild trip down memory lane... in a DeLorean\"\r\n\r\nIn 2045 people escape their harsh reality by going to a virtual world called the OASIS. After the creator dies, he challenges all users to go on a hunt for an Easter egg which gives them control over the OASIS.\r\n\r\n'Ready Player One' isn\u2019t a movie you\u2019d expect from a 71 year old filmmaker but Spielberg once again shows his range. It's an incredibly fun ride that\u2019ll have you cracking up more than once (\u201cIt\u2019s f***ing Chucky!\u201d).\r\n\r\nWhile Spielberg switches seamlessly between real life and the virtual reality it\u2019s rather difficult to get emotionally invested in the movie. Nonetheless most characters are fun and the love story between Parzival/Wade and Art3mis/Samantha gives it some depth.\r\nBen Mendelsohn is delightful as the villain and Mark Rylance is excellent once again.\r\n\r\nThe biggest treat of course is the nostalgia. You\u2019ll have a blast simply by counting the pop culture references(Iron Giant\u2019s thumbs up and the Shining among my personal favorites). The movie features a killer 80\u2019s soundtrack and Alan Silvestri provides the finishing touch with a wonderful score.\r\n\r\nReady Player One is a visual feast. See it on the biggest screen you can find. Preferably in Imax. Especially during the race you\u2019ll be blown away."}], "recommandations_id": [363088, 383498, 348350, 351286], "youtube_key": "dtwpjnuaVTE"}