{"tmdb_id": 333352, "title": "Eye in the Sky", "original_title": "Eye in the Sky", "slug_title": "eye-in-the-sky", "date": "2015-09-11", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Le colonel Katherine Powell, officier du service d'espionnage, est plac\u00e9 aux commandes d'une op\u00e9ration top-secr\u00e8te consistant \u00e0 capturer \u00e0 l'aide de drones, un groupe de terroristes r\u00e9fugi\u00e9s \u00e0 Nairobi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7IUUuB9Nwtp2Lslpt4Jo4bzMGoX.jpg", "actors": ["Helen Mirren (Colonel Katherine Powell)", "Aaron Paul (Steve Watts)", "Alan Rickman (Lieutenant General Frank Benson)", "Barkhad Abdi (Jama Farah)", "Jeremy Northam (Brian Woodale)", "Phoebe Fox (Carrie Gershon)", "Armaan Haggio (Musa Mo'Allim)", "Aisha Takow (Alia Mo'Allim)", "Monica Dolan (Angela Northman)", "Richard McCabe (George Matherson)", "Babou Ceesay (Sergeant Mushtaq Saddiq)", "John Heffernan (Major Harold Webb)", "Michael O'Keefe (Ken Stanitzke)", "Laila Robins (Ms. Jillian Goldman)", "Iain Glen (James Willett)", "Faisa Hassan (Fatima Mo'Allim)", "Bob Chappell (Simon Powell)", "Alex Gallafent (Reporter)", "Carl Beukes (Sergeant Mike Gleeson)", "Kate Liquorish (Female Sergeant)", "Richard Stephenson (Staff Sergeant)", "Gabriella Pinto (Female Corporal)", "Tylan Wray (Male Corporal)", "Hossain Dahir (Driver One)", "Mond\u00e9 Sibisi (Muhammad Abdisalaam)", "Warren Masemola (Agent Atieno)", "Ahmed Mohamed Ali (Omar)", "Lemogang Tsipa (Matt Levery)", "Paul Spaulding (Command Support Staff)", "Gavin Hood (Lieutenant Colonel Ed Walsh)", "Kenneth Fok (First Crewman)", "Zak Rowlands (Second Crewman - K. Moore)", "Henry Pilime (Parklands Gate Guard)", "Sammy Maina (Parklands Gate Guard)", "Hassan Abdullah (Shahid Ahmed)", "Ebby Weyime (Damisi)", "Vusi Kunene (Major Moses Owiti)", "Mohammed Ali Sahra (Militia Leader)", "Chaltu Ahmed (Poor Woman)", "Francis Chouler (Jack Cleary)", "Ed Suter (Benson's Aide-De-Camp)", "Roberto Meyer (Rasheed Hamud)", "Omar Abu Kadir (Driver Two)", "Kim Engelbrecht (Lucy Galvez)", "James Alexander (Image Analyst)", "Dileef Rahim (Amadu Gate Guard)", "Robert Omache (Amadu Gate Guard)", "Istar Takow (Woman Buying Bread)", "Bronson Mwangi (Kenyan Captain)", "Lex King (Susan Danford / Ayesha Al-Hady)", "Andrew Ahula (Street Vendor (Buckets))", "Hilowli Hassan (Militia Man)", "Abdi Mohamed Osman (Amadu Mukhtar)", "Dek Hassan (Abdullah Al-Hady)", "Ali Mohamed (Khalid)", "Ma Mohamed (Osman Abade)", "Jessica Jones (Kate Barnes)", "Daniel Fox (Tom Bellamy)", "Graham Hopkins (Nigel Adler)", "Sonia Esgueira (Esther Alvarez)", "Mohamed Abdirahmaan (Abdi)", "Mohamed Fidow (Abdi Militia Soldier)", "Sabrina Hassan Abdulle (Woman Buying Bread)", "Fatima Mohamed Mohamud (Woman Buying Bread)", "Timayare Shamso Hassan (Passerby)", "Fowzia Dahir (Woman Buying Bread)", "Abdilatief Takow (Ali)", "Fatumo Sheknoor Ali (Pedestrian)", "Hamdi Adam Shire (Pedestrian)", "Thelma Mabina (Nurse)", "Sandile Ntobla (Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The modern warfare, and its advantages as well as drawbacks.\r\n\r\nA new kind of war. When everyone is worried about robots might take over our jobs, it meant military as well. There was not robots in this, but a war fought from a safe distance and soldiers don't have to be physically trained so well, even the geeks with the gaming knowledge can take over. So a film about the modern warfare where the casualty rate is very minimum and can be accomplished before any major assault take place.\r\n\r\nFrom the South African director of 'Ender's Game' fame. This is slightly a similar theme, but a real world affair and a real time presentation. Initially I thought it was a remake of the Hong Kong film of the same name. We had seen drone attacks in the films, but they won't last for a few minutes. This film was entirely about how drone missions work that told with detail.\r\n\r\n\"Never tell a soldier that he does not know the cost of war.\"\r\n\r\nThis was a very good film and they must make a sequel to it. This film will get a special status going towards the future. There were no physically exceptional performances, the stars' presence and their verbal expressions were stronger. So there many thrilling scenes with great lines, especially Alan Rickman's final dialogue. This film was his final film and he was excellent like the usual. Even the Abdi's role was small, but powerful and so Helen Mirren's, but Aaron Paul and the rest were decent.\r\n\r\nThe story was good, but I did not like the too much sentimentalised. Because all's fair in love and war. You won't make a film to please the terrorists and their sympathisers. Other than that it is a masterpiece. Surely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "Eye in the Sky wants to explore the question of drone warfare.\r\n\r\nAn operation to capture a terrorist cell in Kenya. Helen Mirren plays Colonel who is rather gung ho and wants to take out the bad guys before they do more harm.\r\n\r\nAaron Paul is a drone pilot who is dithering because of the risk to civilian casualties.\r\n\r\nThe film pursues the human touch of a young girl selling bread in the market place, being at the wrong place as that is where the drone aims to strike.\r\n\r\nEye in the Sky is an oddly structured film, it is tense as the audience wonders of the little girl will be safe. It also wants to have an open and even debate on the morals and perils of drone warfare but it all feels rather undercooked and underwhelming.\r\n\r\nThis was Alan Rickman's final film, he rightly has the last line: 'Never tell a soldier they don't know the cost of war.'"}], "recommandations_id": [300671, 245703, 325789, 279641], "youtube_key": "-dzQqRXq7U0"}