{"tmdb_id": 333594, "title": "Le Dernier des Guerriers", "original_title": "Echoes of War", "slug_title": "le-dernier-des-guerriers", "date": "2015-05-15", "genre": "Western / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1866, au lendemain de la guerre de S\u00e9cession, Wade Riley rentre aupr\u00e8s des siens et d\u00e9couvre que sa famille est la cible du clan McCluskey, qui leur a vol\u00e9 une partie de leur troupeau. Loin des horreurs de la guerre, le v\u00e9t\u00e9ran se retrouve alors plong\u00e9 au coeur d'un conflit bien plus personnel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ydopBAmo6xTXlX4sCQct5vszfhb.jpg", "actors": ["James Badge Dale (Wade)", "Ethan Embry (Seamus Riley)", "William Forsythe (Randolph McCluskey)", "Maika Monroe (Abigail Riley)", "Beth Broderick (Doris McCluskey)", "Ryan O'Nan (Dillard McCluskey)", "Rhys Wakefield (Marcus McCluskey)", "Owen Teague (Samuel Riley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Civil War flick about what happens when you bring the war back home with you\r\n\r\nAn ex-Confederate soldier (James Badge Dale) shows up at his dead sister\u2019s rural abode in central Texas where he butts heads with his peaceable brother-in-law (Ethan Embry) and stands up to the corruption of a neighboring patriarch (William Forsythe) and his retarded son. Meanwhile the niece (Maika Monroe) is having secret meetings with the cowardly boy of the other family (Rhys Wakefield).\r\n\r\n\u201cEchoes of War\u201d (2015) is a realistic post-Civil War Western that shows what happens when an ex-soldier brings the war back with him. It\u2019s cut from the same cloth as \u201cPharaoh's Army\u201d (1995) and \u201cSommersby\u201d (1993). \u201cRide with the Devil\u201d (1999) and \u201cCold Mountain\u201d also come to mind. It\u2019s a slow-build rural drama with feud-ish Hatfield & McCoy elements, but you can bank on blazing confrontations in the final act.\r\n\r\nJames Badge Dale is captivating in the central figure, pretty much on the level of Brando (seriously). Meanwhile Maika is entrancingly fair. Like \u201cPharaoh\u2019s Army\u201d everything smacks of real life. While the movie\u2019s no doubt low-budget, it doesn\u2019t seem like it at all. The filmmaking is thoroughly professional with a pleasing sense of aesthetics. The negative 1-Star shill reviews are absurd; pay no mind to them (the producers must\u2019ve ticked off the catering service). There\u2019s a brief sex scene, but it goes with the realism of the picture; it\u2019s not raunchy or sleazy at all, just realistic and mature. It\u2019s life\u2026 and death.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 44 minutes and was probably shot in Austin & Bastrop, Texas.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [80957, 191458, 176077, 145668]}