{"tmdb_id": 333669, "title": "Bastille Day", "original_title": "Bastille Day", "slug_title": "bastille-day", "date": "2016-04-22", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Michael Mason, pickpocket am\u00e9ricain, devient l\u2019homme le plus recherch\u00e9 de Paris par la CIA lorsqu\u2019il vole ce qu\u2019il croyait \u00eatre juste un sac. Sean Briar l\u2019agent charg\u00e9 de l\u2019enqu\u00eate, se rend rapidement compte qu\u2019il tient le mauvais homme et qu\u2019un complot de plus grande ampleur se pr\u00e9pare. Commence alors une course contre la montre, o\u00f9 les deux hommes vont devoir faire \u00e9quipe pour d\u00e9jouer les plans d\u2019une puissante organisation criminelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8QcOMU8vFSInSJ1kE7Naor7L2vM.jpg", "actors": ["Idris Elba (Sean Briar)", "Richard Madden (Michael Mason)", "Charlotte Le Bon (Zoe Naville)", "Kelly Reilly (Karen Dacre)", "Jos\u00e9 Garcia (Victor Gamieux)", "Anatol Yusef (Tom Luddy)", "Eriq Ebouaney (Baba)", "Alex Fondja (Ange)", "Arieh Worthalter (Jean)", "Thierry Godard (Rafi Bertrand)", "Vincent Londez (Yannick Bertrand)", "St\u00e9phane Caillard (Beatrice)", "Mohamed Makhtoumi (Christophe)", "Th\u00e9o Costa Marini (Xavier)", "J\u00e9r\u00f4me Gaspard (Yves)", "Ines Boughanmi (French Journalist (uncredited))", "Jorge Leon Martinez (Rioter (uncredited))", "Valeria Ragonese (Protester (uncredited))", "Tugba Tirpan (French Protestor (uncredited))", "Daniel Westwood (Response Rapide Sniper (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**One wrong move made a small time thief a target.**\r\n\r\nThe first thing is this film came at the worst time in the history of France. If it was set in elsewhere in the world would have had less issue, but the Paris terror attack and this theme had lots of similarity. I mean it was nothing to do with the incident, but the contents are very impactful. Which also might be the reason for the film not doing well. I did not enjoy much this film, for me it was the story that turned me off. It was sympathetic to terrorists in the first half, so I completely hated that part, and then the last 30 or so minutes it got better. I mean not awesome or like that, but just good.\r\n\r\nDirected by 'Eden Lake' famed director. Another very familiar story, but altered like it was for the first time in a film. So most of the parts are predictable, but one twist during the beginning of the third act made it look good. Amazing pace, it just keeps getting bigger and bigger going forward. But as we know, those developments were so clich\u00e9d. All the actors were okay, and it has some decent stunts as well. I think it is a good timepass film and nothing else..\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [302156, 205588, 309886, 146198], "youtube_key": "23I6KFna8Fk"}