{"tmdb_id": 333, "title": "Bollywood/Hollywood", "original_title": "Bollywood/Hollywood", "slug_title": "bollywood-hollywood", "date": "2002-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Musique / Romance"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Rahul Seth is a dashing young millionaire who believes he is \"western\" enough to rebel against his mother and grandmother. They are not too keen about his Caucasian girlfriend Kimberly who, to make matters worse, is a pop star. Before you can say \"karmic intervention,\" Kimberly dies in a freak accident and Rahul is devastated. Instead of allowing him to mourn in peace, Rahul's mother sees the opportunity she's been waiting for. She threatens to call off his sister's wedding unless he finds himself a \"nice Indian girl.\" Rahul enlists the services of Sue, a fiercely independent escort whom he believes to be Hispanic, and therefore not \"married\" to the conventions taught to young Indian women. With a wink in her eye, Sue accepts the deal to pose as his Indian bride-to-be. She needs the money and having never been a fan of the typical Indian male, she feels her heart is safe. The charade begins....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n8J2PfCcgErDWSMhjdmJBBmQIDY.jpg", "actors": ["Rahul Khanna (Rahul Seth)", "Lisa Ray (Sue (Sunita) Singh)", "Moushumi Chatterjee (Mummy ji)", "Dina Pathak (Grandma ji)", "Kulbhushan Kharbanda (Mr. Singh)", "Ranjit Chowdhry (Rocky)", "Jessica Par\u00e9 (Kimberly)", "Rishma Malik (Twinky)", "Jazz Mann (Bobby)", "Arjun Lombardi-Singh (Go (Govind))", "Leesa Gaspari (Lucy)", "Neelam Mansingh (Mrs. Singh)", "Mike Deol (Killer Khalsa (as Killer Khalsa))", "Jolly Bader (Daddy ji)", "Ronica Sajnani (Ronica)", "Jeremy Chow (Brian)", "Damon D'Oliveira (Stevie Sood (as Damon D'Olivera))", "Nicky Gill (Bobby's Mom)", "Nicole Innis (Nicole)", "Rohan Bader (Young Rahul)", "Terry Stevens (Veronica)", "Rupinder Nagra (Rahul's Friend at Wedding)", "Anne Mroczkowski (Reporter)", "Monisha Randhawa (Bobby's Sister)", "Pragna Desai (Pauline)", "Akshaye Khanna (Himself)", "Jodi McFadden (Dancer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [169479, 136627, 94532, 15669], "youtube_key": "js3N8e8InnY"}