{"tmdb_id": 334193, "title": "Gunsmoke in Tucson", "original_title": "Gunsmoke in Tucson", "slug_title": "gunsmoke-in-tucson", "date": "1958-12-07", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7vZDDsPOmUYZqzhWfRpyjo3IqTc.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Stevens (Jedediah (Chip) Coburn)", "Forrest Tucker (John Brazos)", "Gale Robbins (Lou Crenshaw)", "Vaughn Taylor (Ben Bodeen)", "John Ward (Slick Kirby)", "Kevin Hagen (Clem Haney)", "William Henry (Sheriff Blane)", "Richard Reeves (Notches Pole)", "John Cliff (Sheriff Cass)", "Gail Kobe (Katy Porter)", "George Keymas (Hondo)", "Zon Murray (Bragg)", "Paul Engle (Young Chip)", "Anthony Sydes (Young Brazos)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Vigilante Leader of Lynch Mob (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Farms Raided By Blue Chip Marauders!\r\n\r\nGunsmoke in Tucson is directed by Thomas Carr and written by Paul Leslie Peil and Robert Joseph. It stars Mark Stevens, Forrest Tucker, Gale Robbins, Vaughn Taylor, John Ward, Kevin Hagen, Gail Kobe and William Henry. A CinemaScope/De Luxe Color production, music is by Sid Cutner and cinematography by William Whitley. \r\n\r\nAs young boys, two brothers, Jed (AKA: Chip) and John, witness their father being hung by a vigilante gang. Chip, angry and bitter, grows up to be an outlaw and leader of the feared Blue Chip Gang. John goes the other way and becomes a U.S. Marshal. Two brothers on opposite sides of the law, destined to become embroiled in an Arizona range war between cattlemen and farmers. \r\n\r\nPretty formulaic stuff here but performed and constructed admirably. Plot machinations revolve around the hopeful salvation of Stevens' outlaw, but as he tries to leave his Blue Chip Gang past behind him, he finds himself being set up by shifty land baron Ben Bodeen (Taylor). Joining the \"two brothers on each side of the law\" axis are threads involving religion, political power games and testosterone lowering in the form of twin lovelies Lou Crenshaw (Robbins) and Katy Porter (Kobe), with Robbins as a sultry saloon gal getting to warble the tune \"I Need a Man\". Location photography is pleasing (Santa Clarita, Tucson and Chatsworth), Cutner's musical score is robust and appropriate and the final shoot-out/stand off is a good un'. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}