{"tmdb_id": 334305, "title": "Hot Panties", "original_title": "Bragas calientes", "slug_title": "hot-panties", "date": "1983-04-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Jorge nightmares in which he finds himself in a certain manor, where all day having sex. But who, and why - do not give burglars find two strong guarding the villa. It seems that young people want to save someone from there for some reason, but always gets kicked and wakes up in a cold sweat to in a moment go back to sleep ... And it all starts from the beginning.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ehXxnbyKVNwvoYobb0UqT5KJZbd.jpg", "actors": ["Paola Matos (Elena)", "Emilio Linder (Jorge)", "Alicia Pr\u00edncipe (Amiga de Elena)", "Elena \u00c1lvarez (Norma)", "Maika Sanz (Amiga de Jorge)", "Milagros Aguilar ()", "Carol Day ()", "Flor Zamba ()", "Joaqu\u00edn Navarro (as Joaquin Navarro)", "V\u00edctor Iregua ()", "Javier Lozano ()", "Joaqu\u00edn G\u00f3mez (Vigilante de la finca (as Dan Barry))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Bragas calientes (Hot panties) is a Spanish softcore movie by Julio P\u00e9rez Tabernero, and there\u2019s not much more to say about it. There\u2019s no story to speak of, the characters just keep going places and having sex on the way or as soon as they get there. Sex and more softcore sex, a large part of it lesbian, that\u2019s what you\u2019ll get. And the ladies are admittedly easy on the eye, so enjoy."}, {"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Bragas calientes (Hot panties) is a Spanish softcore movie by Julio P\u00e9rez Tabernero, and there\u2019s not much more to say about it. There\u2019s no story to speak of, the characters just keep going places and having sex on the way or as soon as they get there. Sex and more softcore sex, a large part of it lesbian, that\u2019s what you\u2019ll get. And the ladies are admittedly easy on the eye, so enjoy."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}