{"tmdb_id": 334535, "title": "The Ticket", "original_title": "The Ticket", "slug_title": "the-ticket", "date": "2017-04-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'il recouvre la vue \"physiquement\", un homme devient aveugl\u00e9 par son obsession du superficiel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uyaUbLVoxgJMw3JSGljyOGYpXtz.jpg", "actors": ["Dan Stevens (James)", "Malin \u00c5kerman (Sam)", "Kerry Bish\u00e9 (Jessica)", "Oliver Platt (Bob)", "Peter Mark Kendall (Arnold Dixon)", "Liza J. Bennett (Grace)", "Skylar Gaertner (Jonah)", "Ekaterina Samsonov (Carla)", "Russell G. Jones (Doctor)", "Andrew Polk (The Principal)", "Ron Simons (Pastor Jennings)", "Maryann Urbano (Scheffield)", "Olga N. Bogdanova (Office Worker (uncredited))", "Nicole Signore (Lawyer)", "Bettina Skye (School secretary)", "Kenneth Wayne Johnson (Parker)", "Crystal Tweed (Bar Patron)", "Wayne Pyle (Lawyer)", "Sal Rendino (Millennium Realty Rep.)", "Harry L. Seddon (Boardroom Executive)", "Chella Ferrow (Woman in Blue)", "Laurent Rejto (Crowd)", "Edward Crawford (Actor in Jeans)", "Natalie Bain (Sales Assistant)", "Zoe Hunter (Hotel Receptionist)", "Dorothea Swiac (Waitress)", "Lorenzo Beronilla (Fancy Restaurant Patron)", "Roger Hendricks Simon (Wrinkled old man)", "Casey Jones (Actress)", "Lora Lee Ecobelli (Waitress)", "Steve Garfanti (Town Person)", "Nnete Matima (Town Person)", "Elisabeth Henry-Macari (Yelling woman)", "William Rubel (Dancer)", "Maya Hazan (Dancer)", "Marian Zajac (Townee)", "Nick Lansing (Office Worker)", "Joseph R. Donato (Dancer)", "Crystal Joy Turner (Call Center Employee)", "Sunny Edelman (Town Person)", "Sunny Edelman (Town Person/Office Worker)", "Leroy Scott (Call center worker)", "Jean Satterfield (Dancer)", "Diana Greenhut (Office Worker (uncredited))", "Steven Patrick O'Connor (Executive at Elevator (uncredited))", "Dannielle Rose (Fancy Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Rich Lounello (The Lawyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Near-parable in nature, but too shallow to engage.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Definitely not for me, but I sort of get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When he got a rare second change to start over the life!**\r\n\r\nThe intention was good, but the film was not made right way to enjoy. Of course the story, the setting were not cheerful kind, but too slow, silent, dragged scenes, all made it even worse. Watching it from the beginning to the beginning of the final segment was challenging. Only at the final few minutes it all made sense. I thought at least it ended better.\r\n\r\nA blind man happily married with a kid, one day wakes up in the morning with a miracle. He regained his vision, following that, all the sudden his life getting changed. That also leads him over taking some tough decisions. With his new lease of life, he has shaped his life as he wanted. Now a fresh trouble surfaces and its consequences are hard hitting. What his choices and how the story ends are the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nDan Stevens was good. You could say it was a one man show. But as I said, the screenplay lacked pace, as well as guessable overall storyline. Which makes it not for everybody. The rest of the cast was good, and so the direction. I don't dislike it, I just did not enjoy it, I got bored of it in parts. One time watchable film for the selected ones, but being not dozed off while watching it is what they have to look out for.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [537542, 381015, 334893, 401164]}