{"tmdb_id": 334533, "title": "Captain Fantastic", "original_title": "Captain Fantastic", "slug_title": "captain-fantastic", "date": "2016-07-02", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans les for\u00eats recul\u00e9es du nord-ouest des \u00c9tats-Unis, vivant isol\u00e9 de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9, un p\u00e8re d\u00e9vou\u00e9 a consacr\u00e9 sa vie tout enti\u00e8re \u00e0 faire de ses six jeunes enfants d\u2019extraordinaires adultes. Mais quand le destin frappe sa famille, ils doivent abandonner ce paradis qu\u2019il avait cr\u00e9\u00e9 pour eux. La d\u00e9couverte du monde ext\u00e9rieur va l\u2019obliger \u00e0 questionner ses m\u00e9thodes d\u2019\u00e9ducation et remettre en cause tout ce qu\u2019il leur a appris.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fnaGmGCWgGOQjCpM0TqKPZJ5x85.jpg", "actors": ["Viggo Mortensen (Ben Cash)", "George MacKay (Bodevan Cash)", "Samantha Isler (Kielyr Cash)", "Annalise Basso (Vespyr Cash)", "Nicholas Hamilton (Rellian Cash)", "Shree Crooks (Zaja Cash)", "Charlie Shotwell (Nai Cash)", "Trin Miller (Leslie Abigail Cash)", "Kathryn Hahn (Harper)", "Steve Zahn (Dave)", "Elijah Stevenson (Justin)", "Teddy Van Ee (Jackson)", "Erin Moriarty (Claire McCune)", "Missi Pyle (Ellen)", "Frank Langella (Jack Bertrang)", "Ann Dowd (Abigail Bertrang)", "Galen Osier (Small Store Owner)", "Hannah Horton (Teenage Girl)", "Rex Young (Officer Skadden)", "Thomas Brophy (Grocery Store Manager)", "Mike Miller (Priest)", "Greg Crooks (Funeral Usher)", "Louis Hobson (Doctor)", "Paul Alan Amend (Pallbearer (uncredited))", "Hafid Abdelmoula (Funeral Driver (uncredited))", "Richard Beal (Funeral Mourner (uncredited))", "Elena Stecca (Diner Patron (uncredited))", "Alan Humphrey (Funeral Mourner (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "While Viggo's character is most certainly the protagonist, he's also not portrayed as being 100% in the right. Which really is the best way to tackle the subject matter at hand.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Surviving isn't just a good education, but needs the physical training.**\r\n\r\nThis is from a supporting actor turned a director who is just one film old before this. So he wrote and directed this beautiful film. One of the best films of the years that should be in must see list. It was just like the film 'Alabama Moon', only the initial plot that extended for over the hundred minutes. The first thing is the cast, it was the best combination. Lots of future stars are here. It was more like a road movie, except in the opening few minutes.\r\n\r\nI did not like the entire film, I found a couple of things uncomfortable. Like the killing a deer in the opening scene and the end part. The conclusion was good, I thought it was the best solution for such a story, not for the theme. But then the final shot gave me an impression that they had got compromised. After all these years hard work, I felt they had given up. That did not stop me from enjoying it and recommending it to the others. Still, it is a very unique film that tried its best to avoid the usual clich\u00e9.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of a father of six kids, raising them by his own outside the society in the wilderness. But the children are not left behind on the knowledge of the world, especially the philosophies theirs favourite topic. They are bright, as well as tough and can survive in any condition. One day when they get a message that their mother died, the journey begins to attend the funeral and during their way all the adventures are what we're going to witness.\r\n\r\nDue to the copyright issue the birthday song was altered. Surprisingly, the film was not based on any book. So my utmost appreciation goes to the creator of this wonderful product. Surely it will be a cult classic. It has lots of great dialogue, and bold revelations in a simple way about the facts of the world. Especially like related to the sex and other grown up stuffs clarifying the little kids' doubts.\r\n\r\nAt some point I thought it was okay for the kids to watch with their parents, but it did not get better on that perspective. I mean having lots of main characters as children, the film is not good for their watch. Though the adults should not miss it, even though you are a religious person or any other kind. So highly recommended by me.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334541, 338766, 340666, 254320], "youtube_key": "w5jeBvjcJe4"}