{"tmdb_id": 334517, "title": "Jadotville", "original_title": "The Siege of Jadotville", "slug_title": "jadotville", "date": "2016-09-19", "genre": "Guerre / Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans cette histoire vraie, assi\u00e9g\u00e9s par leurs ennemis, ces soldats irlandais des Nations Unies en mission pour la paix en Afrique d\u00e9fendent vaillamment leur avant-poste.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9r21jawIp226dlQ8dLzwSBrRDNY.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Dornan (Pat Quinlan)", "Guillaume Canet (Rene Faulques)", "Mark Strong (Conor Cruise O'Brien)", "Jason O'Mara (Sgt. Jack Prendergast)", "Michael McElhatton (General McEntee)", "Mikael Persbrandt (Dag Hammarskjold)", "Danny Sapani (Moise Tshombe)", "Fionn O'Shea (William Reidy)", "Fiona Glascott (Carmel Quinlan)", "Emmanuelle Seigner (Madame LaFontagne)", "Conor Quinlan (P.J. (Patrick Joyce))", "Sam Keeley (Billy (Sniper) Ready)", "Conor MacNeill (Radio Operator)", "Luc Van Gunderbeeck (Charles de Gaulle)", "Jordan Mifsud (John Donnelly)", "Charlie Kelly (Walter Hegarty)", "Mike Noble (Charles Cooley)", "Ronan Raftery (John Gorman)", "G\u00e9rard Rudolf (Black Jack)", "Ashish Gangapersad (General Raja)", "Richard Lukunku (Patrice Lumumba)", "Andrew Stock (Man in White Suit)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The Irish entry to the modern warfare.**\r\n\r\nThe Irish war film based on the book of the same name, which was originally inspired by the real battle of the Irish army during the UN's peacekeeping mission in the central Africa. Directed by a first timer and a well done job. I have seen lots of Irish film, but this was like I have never seen one before. Obviously, for being a war themed film about their first battle ever in the modern world. Between the start and the end, everything happened so quickly. You will love it if you like fast paced narration. Particularly if you are a war film fan, this is not to be missed.\r\n\r\nFirst of all it was not a World War II film. It was about the cold war, and its consequences, that's too far from the land those who are involved. It sets in the Congo basin in the early 60s, when the Irish army arrived representing the UN, the Katangese forces charged them from all the corner. With the limited resources, how these inexperienced men fought against the outnumbered opponents is what this film revealed. Truly a thrilling film is it.\r\n\r\nThe Non-Aligned Nations' forces like from India and Sweden for UN peacekeeping mission who were present around at the time, could not assist the Irish troop either from crossing an important bridge or through the air. These nearly 160 soldiers fought bravely, especially being away from home for the first time, which makes them in an unfavourable condition. This film covered everything from the Irish perspective, but the other way around like how the UN officials failed in their part was also focused on the side.\r\n\r\n> \"No plan survives contact with the enemy.\"\r\n\r\nIt was all about the natural resources found in this African region. So basically no one wants to back off, that means those from the cold war nations sent their mercenaries to fight out any obstacles. The five day battle that the Ireland never forgets, but initially it was not recognised by its own nation, until the recent time. Especially the UN who thought they had lost their reputation with this warfare which is really a shameful behavious for such organisation.\r\n\r\nIt was an English language film, despite an Irish film. That's not new to me, because most of the Irish film I have seen were direct English films. The actors were good, but no one was particularly focused, except the commandant. It opened with him preparing to leave country and ends with him returning. It was a non-stop war film. A series of attacks for the five days with a little gap between the assault to prepare for another. In reality, the Ireland's entry to the warfare was in an unfortunate circumstance, but their opponents underestimated them to use full force.\r\n\r\nIts a less story, more action film. The war sequences were awesomely made. Though it reminded me the recent Hollywood film '13 Hours'. Mark Strong was in a small part, though he looked different with a wig. I think it was one of the best war films in the recent time. It's not about the heroism, but inspires how they responded to the situation. They did everything they could and they would have achieved even bigger, only if they had everything they wanted. That makes it one of the rare film about the rare warfare where the world failed to acknowledge their effort. So a big thanks to the filmmakers for bringing it to the big screen. Now you should try it if you haven't seen it yet.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [390054, 354287, 324670, 351339]}