{"tmdb_id": 33484, "title": "Hit the Ice", "original_title": "Hit the Ice", "slug_title": "hit-the-ice", "date": "1943-06-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Flash Fulton (Bud Abbott) and Weejie McCoy (Lou Costello) take pictures of a bank robbery. Lured to the mountain resort hideout of the robbers and accompanied by Dr. Bill Elliott (Patric Knowles) and Peggy Osborn (Elyse Knox), they also meet old friend Johnny Long (Johnny Long) and his band and singer Marcia Manning (Ginny Simms). Dr. Elliott and Peggy are being held in a remote cabin by the robbers, but Weejie rescues them by turning himself into a human snowball that becomes an avalanche that engulfs the crooks.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lIoAj5s8ACtEhrpi4QJDClAu2bX.jpg", "actors": ["Bud Abbott (Flash Fulton)", "Lou Costello (Weejie 'Tubby' McCoy)", "Ginny Simms (Marcia Manning)", "Patric Knowles (Dr. William 'Bill' Burns)", "Elyse Knox (Nurse Peggy Osborne)", "Joe Sawyer (Buster - Silky's Henchman)", "Marc Lawrence (Phil - Silky's Henchman)", "Sheldon Leonard (Harry 'Silky' Fellowsby)", "Bobby Barber (Candy Butcher)", "Hank Bell (Sleigh Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Not quite Universal Studios flogging a dead horse...\r\n\r\n...but dangerously close.\r\n\r\nHowever, there is still enough here to keep the grin on the face and there is still a high production value within the structure, if only the same could be said of the writing! I tend to feel with Abbott & Costello movies it pays to take a break for a few months and then go back to further viewings refreshed and not feeling a sense of seen this before repetitiveness.\r\n\r\nThis one sees the boys as photographers who unwittingly get mixed up in a bank robbery and have to flee to a ski resort to hopefully prove their innocence. The usual pratfalls are abound as Tubby constantly loses his pants, gets his bum set on fire, skis with a grizzly bear, and of course he tries to woo the pretty lady by bluffing he can play the piano. Music comes courtesy of Ginny Simms and the Johnny Long Orchestra, with stoic supporting acting duties falling to Patric Knowles, Elyse Knox and the always great Sheldon Leonard as the chief villain.\r\n\r\nNot close to being in the top five outings from the guys, but certainly an above average offering showing glimpses of just why they really were a special talent back in the day. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [33522, 33551, 33541, 36704], "youtube_key": "notfound"}