{"tmdb_id": 334893, "title": "ChickLit", "original_title": "ChickLit", "slug_title": "chicklit", "date": "2016-09-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "ChickLit is a comedy drama about four guys trying to save their local pub from closing down. They group write a chick lit, or more specifically a 'mummy porn' novel in the style of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' and it gets snapped up. The only snag is that the publisher insists that the young woman 'author' does press and publicity. The guys have to keep their involvement a secret and so engage an out of work actress to 'role play' the part of the author. This leads to her becoming the star in the film of the book, the tables are turned on the guys and she is in control - leaving them with the awful prospect of having to secretly churn out sex novels for the foreseeable future.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hMib7R5YQGYcxL1Clq3F2Fywh4E.jpg", "actors": ["Christian McKay (David Rose)", "Dakota Blue Richards (Zoe)", "Caroline Catz (Jen)", "Miles Jupp (Marcus)", "David Troughton (Justin)", "John Hurt (Francis Bonar)", "Eileen Atkins (Peggy Law)", "James Wilby (Geoffrey)", "Niamh Cusack (Claire)", "Cathy Tyson (Diana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Mission save the pub!**\r\n\r\nWell, we always look for something new in cinemas. 90 per cent of all films are based on the same old contents. This was a little different, yet I won't say it was pure new. I enjoyed it, thought better than hundreds of boring films I've seen in the last few months. Surely it does not make sense in the real world. From the entertainment perspective, it delivered, but in the British style.\r\n\r\nIt had wonderful characters and cast. That little girl from 'Golden Compass' all grown up. This is an adult comedy, but nothing was obscene. Quite nicely written story. Four friends who everyday meet in the pub is now trying to save it from closing down. So they have to raise money and they come up with an idea of writing a novel, but want to stay anonymous. That's where a young woman enters that changes the fate of the book, the pub and theirs.\r\n\r\nNot probably, but surely an under-rated film of the year. As well as under-noticed. If you can watch mindless Hollywood comedies, then it is much better than them in many ways. All you have to do is give it a try. Only disappointment was the end. I did not expect it to end just like that. I anticipated emotional conclusion. That would have changed the overall aspect of the film. Still very much a watchable film, so go for it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "gkF7jufe_Yg"}