{"tmdb_id": 33518, "title": "Alligator", "original_title": "Alligator", "slug_title": "alligator", "date": "1980-07-02", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Un crocodile g\u00e9ant grandit dans les \u00e9gouts de Chicago en se nourrissant de d\u00e9chets provenant de laboratoires. Il d\u00e9cide un jour de remonter \u00e0 la surface...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2wZtSH9oSuhkdvG79dClQZVvctR.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Forster (Det. David Madison)", "Robin Riker (Dr. Marisa Kendall)", "Michael V. Gazzo (Chief Clark)", "Dean Jagger (Slade)", "Sydney Lassick (Luke Gutchel)", "Jack Carter (Mayor)", "Perry Lang (Officer Jim Kelly)", "Henry Silva (Colonel Brock)", "Bart Braverman (Thomas Kemp)", "Angel Tompkins (Newswoman)", "Sue Lyon (Sue Lyon)", "Royce D. Applegate (Callan)", "Simmy Bow (Seedy)", "Stan Haze (Meyer)", "James Arone (Sloan)", "Micole Mercurio (Joey's Mother)", "John F. Goff (Ashe)", "JoJo D'Amore (Gator Vendor 4)", "Bella Bruck (Dot)", "Mike Mazurki (Gatekeeper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Genuinely surprised by how much I enjoyed this one. The best giant croc (Well I mean, it's an alligator, but in terms of what you can do with them in a horror movie, they're really the same thing) creature feature I've seen since _Rogue_. I wish someone was still making movies like this.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "An oversized alligator from the sewers of Chicago breaks loose\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1980 and directed by Lewis Teague, \"Alligator\" chronicles events in Chicago after a baby alligator is flushed down the toilet and mutates to great size from eating chemically contaminated dog carcasses in the sewers. A policeman (Robert Forster) and a beautiful reptile expert (Robin Riker) team-up to track down the beast when it escapes the sewers and preys on citizens.\r\n\r\n\u201cAlligator\u201d is kind of boring for the first half hour or so, but the last hour perks up and generally keeps your attention. Unlike \"Jaws\" (1975), which is completely serious and scary, most adults won't take \"Alligator\" too seriously or find it remotely scary. In fact, I busted out laughing numerous times when the creature would attack people. Speaking of which, you'll sometimes hear Jaws-imitation suspense music as the creature approaches its prey. Some viewers understandably compare \"Alligator\" to another \u201cJaws\u201d rip-off flick, \"Piranha\" (1978), but that movie\u2019s all-around more entertaining.\r\n\r\nWhat makes \"Alligator\" mandatory is the awe-inspiring Robin Riker, who doesn't appear until half an hour into the story. From thereon she's featured prominently. Robin was 28 during shooting but possesses such a mature and classy air that she seems at least 35. While I\u2019m on the subject, watch out for the blonde reporter in a red jacket and jeans at about the halfway point (43 minutes). Like Robin, she has an exquisite buttocks sculptured by God Himself. \r\n\r\nThere are also some highlights that you won\u2019t likely see in pictures nowadays. For instance, a kid gets chewed up in a suburban pool. And a \u201cgreat white hunter\u201d (Henry Silva) amusingly corrals three black dudes in the urban jungle to assist him in his hunt. Of course this wouldn\u2019t be \u201cpolitically correct\u201d today.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 87 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles and the Los Angeles River. WRITER: John Sayles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [40800, 24831, 27381, 39195]}