{"tmdb_id": 335578, "title": "Les Oubli\u00e9s", "original_title": "Under sandet", "slug_title": "les-oublies", "date": "2015-12-03", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire / Guerre / Thriller"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "1945 au Danemark \u00e0 la fin de la Seconde Guerre Mondiale.  Plusieurs soldats allemands, \u00e0 peine sortis de l\u2019adolescence, sont faits prisonniers par l\u2019arm\u00e9e danoise et envoy\u00e9s en premi\u00e8re ligne pour d\u00e9samorcer les mines enfouies le long de la c\u00f4te. Pour eux, la guerre est loin d\u2019\u00eatre termin\u00e9e. Inspir\u00e9 de faits r\u00e9els, Les Oubli\u00e9s raconte cet \u00e9pisode tragique de l\u2019Histoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7TOYH2VDnYbXpBKlrkdQZUSC3Du.jpg", "actors": ["Roland M\u00f8ller (Sgt. Carl Rasmussen)", "Mikkel Boe F\u00f8lsgaard (Lt. Ebbe Jensen)", "Laura Bro (Karin)", "Louis Hofmann (Sebastian Schumann)", "Joel Basman (Helmut Morbach)", "Oskar B\u00f6kelmann (Ludwig Haffke)", "Emil Belton (Ernst Lessner)", "Oskar Belton (Werner Lessner)", "Leon Seidel (Wilhelm Hahn)", "Karl Alexander Seidel (Manfred)", "Maximilian Beck (August Kluger)", "August Carter (Rudolf Selke)", "Tim B\u00fclow (Hermann Marklein)", "Alexander Rasch (Friedrich Schnurr)", "Julius Kochinke (Johann Wolff)", "Aaron Koszuta (Gustav Becker)", "Levin Henning (Albert Bewer)", "Mads Riisom (Peter)", "Mette Lysdahl (Nurse Lone Nielsen)", "Johnny Melville (Officer Givens)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Teen POWs in the post WWII Denmark.\r\n\r\nA Danish war-drama that was inspired by the historical account, but all the characters were fictional. Remember this title for another six month, because I am confident this film will make a journey to the west coast of the USA to compete at the 89th Academy Awards in the coming February. I have seen many foreign films, but I'm not this much positive for any others. If this film fails to make, then that would be a great disappointment despite having no idea of what are the other four films. So this is just for now, my stance may change later.\r\n\r\nAnyway, the film was heartbreakingly amazing. The WWII stories I had seen those told from the perspectives of the Australian, Japanese, Korean, Russian to African and European to the American western sea, Hawaii. And this is a Danish story, sets in just after the end of the war where prisoners of the war were used to clean up the mess. In the opening the teen German POWs were trained to defuse the land mine explosives and then later the unit was handed over to the Danish sergeant Carl Rasmussen where they are all going to work in one of the west coast landmines that was used to defend the Scandinavia by the Nazi. That is the story told how it all ends in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nThis was like another 'Kajaki', but not actually a war film. Using of the prisoners as the labourers is a violation, according to the Geneva rule. That's the point of the film, focused to reveal the inhume act. But it was not anything like 'The Railway Man' 'Unbroken' or the 'The Bridge on the River Kwai'. Watching a film about the brave soldiers inspires us and bring patriotism, but in this those teen kid screaming whenever something goes wrong really brings heartache. So not everybody feels comfortable with it, especially the family audience. But there were lots of edgy moments and you would never know what events follows.\r\n\r\n\"If they are old enough to go to war, they are old enough to clean up.\"\r\n\r\nIt was shot is the real location, and I think that part contributed to depicting the actual atmosphere where most of the POWs lost their arms and legs and some exploded into many pieces in the air. It was a simple narration, but the visuals talked itself more than anything else. All the actors were outstanding, especially those 4-5 German teens and of course the Danish sergeant Carl. I think the Carl's influence had more impact, after seeing the opening scene where he went outrage and beat up those German soldiers returning home.\r\n\r\nThere are a couple of small twists, but there are some scenes which are not easy to get over. Even though we know those were just fake, but that does not work once you totally into the story deeply. This is a different kind of emotional film, something you rarely experience. The director who is also the writer must be appreciated for handling it perfectly. Especially keeping the screenplay uncomplicated and between the two nations, where in the real event involves the British officials. I have never seen his other films, but this one will define him forth and the people are going to recognise him. So I hope he'll keep up doing such level films in the future.\r\n\r\nI have never seen such film, I mean seen some where the kids were tortured, but this was very unique and totally a different perspective for that takes place in the backdrop of the WWII. Especially the Germans perspective is the very rare kind. So I'm kind of thinking if Germany picks 'Look Who's Back' for the Oscars, the contest between these two would bring two different moods. At this point I don't remember any Danish film I have seen so far in my life other than this one which I feel is the best Danish film ever. I mean, come on, who would do such film where your own nation, if not the whole nation, the one who represent was shown in the negative shade over the Nazi Germans. This is definitely one of the best films of the year. Highly recommended.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [336050, 351339, 375315, 348674], "youtube_key": "4Kao3t0NBMU"}