{"tmdb_id": 335778, "title": "La R\u00e9surrection du Christ", "original_title": "Risen", "slug_title": "la-resurrection-du-christ", "date": "2016-02-18", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Clavius, un puissant tribun militaire romain, et son aide de camp Lucius sont charg\u00e9s de r\u00e9soudre le myst\u00e8re entourant ce qui est arriv\u00e9 \u00e0 un H\u00e9breu nomm\u00e9 Yeshua apr\u00e8s sa crucifixion. S\u2019ils veulent emp\u00eacher une insurrection \u00e0 J\u00e9rusalem, ils doivent \u00e0 tout prix mettre fin aux rumeurs assurant qu\u2019un Messie est revenu d\u2019entre les morts...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/niimoqDVF4ilGuwPos0OpSLe8to.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Fiennes (Clavius)", "Tom Felton (Lucius)", "Peter Firth (Pontius Pilate)", "Cliff Curtis (Yeshua)", "Mark Killeen (Antonius)", "Mish Boyko (John)", "Selva Rasalingam (James)", "Stewart Scudamore (Peter)", "Mar\u00eda Botto (Mary Magdalene)", "Antonio Gil (Joseph of Arimathea)", "Stephen Hagan (Cleopas)", "Stephen Greif (Caiaphas)", "Andy Gathergood (Guard #2)", "Jovan Pisani (Pilates' Aid)", "Luis Callejo (Joses)", "Jan Cornet (Thomas / Dydimus)", "Pepe Lorente (Thaddeus)", "Manu Fullola (Matthew)", "Mario Tard\u00f3n (Andrew)", "\u00c0lex Maruny (Pilate's Orderly)", "Paco Manzanedo (Centurion)", "Tom\u00e1s Pozzi (Inn Keeper)", "Karim Saleh (Zealot Leader)", "Jacob Yakob (Soldier at Tomb / Niche Soldier)", "Mario de la Rosa (Thief #1)", "Ramiro Alonso (Leper #1)", "Clare Agius (Cemetery Woman)", "Margaret Jackman (Miriam)", "Beppe Abela (Suspect #1)", "Manolo Caro (Suspect #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> It's something beyond a manhunt...\r\n\r\nI just want to review it as a film, so my take on this is pure based on the entertainment and technical aspect, not historical or the religious stuff.\r\n\r\nThe story was not bad, which is set in the Israel 33AD where a Roman man tells his story what he just went through. So the flashback begins, just like an unofficial sequel to 'The Passion of the Christ', the story continues after the crucifiction of Yeshua.\r\n\r\nSealed the tomb with the roman mark and guarded it by an armed force, the body of Yeshua goes missing. With the widespread speculation going around and the order from a higher authority, the Roman soldiers led by Clavius attempts to locate the body by following the hints. So the rest of the story is racing against the time where many unexpected and strange events follows.\r\n\r\nIt was a perfect setting for a tale like this. The characters were good, but in the end it certainly questions their actions based in what purpose. It was told from a Roman perspective and his transformation to what he ultimately believes.\r\n\r\nThe details were good while depicting the events. A simple narration with not so fancy stunts and others tricks, yet somewhere it loses its realistic approach to the supernatural thing.\r\n\r\nSince they did not mention anything related to the real account, it is fairly debatable yet not worth debating seriously. Because different people have different opinion regarding religious, historical and entertainment angle. But absolutely this film is target every one of them.\r\n\r\nThis kind of films is worth watching, because each writer, filmmaker gives us a different take on the person who is behind the world's largest faith. So 'liked it' or 'didn't like' should come after the view. Though it was a quite enjoyable film.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [308504, 271969, 302156, 316152]}