{"tmdb_id": 335777, "title": "Op\u00e9ration Casse-noisette 2", "original_title": "The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature", "slug_title": "operation-casse-noisette-2", "date": "2017-08-11", "genre": ["Familial / Animation / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Nos rongeurs pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9s m\u00e8nent la grande vie dans le sous-sol d\u2019un magasin de noisettes, jusqu\u2019au jour o\u00f9 une explosion vient d\u00e9truire leur caverne d\u2019Ali Baba\u2026 A la recherche d\u2019un nouveau lieu de vie, Surly rep\u00e8re un magnifique parc qui serait id\u00e9al pour tous ! Probl\u00e8me : le maire de la ville souhaite transformer cet espace vert en parc d\u2019attraction\u2026 Heureusement, Surly va pouvoir compter sur de nouveaux amis : des milliers de souris blanches expertes en kung-fu !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xOfdQHNF9TlrdujyAjiKfUhxSXy.jpg", "actors": ["Jackie Chan (Mr. Feng (voice))", "Will Arnett (Surly (voice))", "Katherine Heigl (Andie (voice))", "Maya Rudolph (Precious (voice))", "Isabela Moner (Heather (voice))", "Bobby Moynihan (The Mayor (voice))", "Peter Stormare (Gunther (voice))", "Bobby Cannavale (Frankie (voice))", "Gabriel Iglesias (Jimmy (voice))", "Jeff Dunham (Mole (voice))", "Joe Pingue (Johnny (voice))", "Robert Tinkler (Buddy (voice))", "Mila Belo ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Returning home and fighting back for it.**\r\n\r\nFrankly, I did not think there will a sequel, but this one came out and I say I'm not fully disappointed. It is an acceptable film with a good message told with full of cliches. The story continued from where the previous one had ended. Right away a new adventure begins. Surly and his friends, after losing their stock of food, now forced to return to their natural home, the park. But the place is getting turned into an amusement park by an evil mayor. So they plan to fight back and how they succeed are the revealed in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nAs I said, not bad. At least the children would enjoy it better. The new characters are good, but that did not bring more fun. The comedies were average. With this year's average result from all the animated feature that had released, this film does not look so bad at all. Only if the story had been much better, it would have achieved a better result. The production and all the voice-over work were good. I don't know there will be another sequel, but I don't wish, except if they come up with some good story to tell for all ages. It's just once watchable!\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [227783, 137116, 333667, 276905], "youtube_key": "nYif5QTYI9w"}