{"tmdb_id": 335797, "title": "Tous en sc\u00e8ne", "original_title": "Sing", "slug_title": "tous-en-scene", "date": "2016-11-23", "genre": "Animation / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial / Musique", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Buster Moon est un \u00e9l\u00e9gant koala qui dirige un grand th\u00e9\u00e2tre, jadis illustre, mais aujourd\u2019hui tomb\u00e9 en d\u00e9su\u00e9tude. C'est un \u00e9ternel optimiste, un peu bougon, qui aime son pr\u00e9cieux th\u00e9\u00e2tre au-del\u00e0 de tout et serait pr\u00eat \u00e0 tout pour le sauver. C\u2019est alors qu\u2019il trouve une chance en or pour redorer son blason tout en \u00e9vitant la destruction de ses r\u00eaves et de toutes ses ambitions : une comp\u00e9tition de chant. Cinq candidats sont retenus pour ce d\u00e9fi : une souris aussi s\u00e9duisante que malhonn\u00eate, une jeune \u00e9l\u00e9phante timide d\u00e9vor\u00e9e par le trac, une truie m\u00e8re de famille d\u00e9bord\u00e9e par ses 25 marcassins, un jeune gorille d\u00e9linquant qui ne cherche qu\u2019\u00e0 \u00e9chapper \u00e0 sa famille, et une porc-\u00e9pic punk qui peine \u00e0 se d\u00e9barrasser de son petit ami \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9go surdimensionn\u00e9 pour faire une carri\u00e8re solo. Tout ce petit monde va venir chercher sur la sc\u00e8ne de Buster l\u2019opportunit\u00e9 qui pourra changer leur vie \u00e0 jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6igG1J3T6uavROpQAhKfptm4KA4.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Buster Moon (voice))", "Reese Witherspoon (Rosita (voice))", "Seth MacFarlane (Mike (voice))", "Scarlett Johansson (Ash (voice))", "John C. Reilly (Eddie (voice))", "Taron Egerton (Johnny (voice))", "Tori Kelly (Meena (voice))", "Rhea Perlman (Judith (voice))", "Nick Kroll (Gunter (voice))", "Nick Offerman (Norman (voice))", "Garth Jennings (Miss Crawly / Additional Voices (voice))", "Peter Serafinowicz (Big Daddy (voice))", "Beck Bennett (Lance (voice))", "Jennifer Saunders (Nana (voice))", "Jennifer Hudson (Young Nana (voice))", "Jay Pharoah (Meena's Grandfather (voice))", "Laraine Newman (Meena's Grandmother / Additional Voices (voice))", "Bill Farmer (News Reporter Dog (voice))", "Adam Buxton (Stan (voice))", "Brad Morris (Baboon (voice))", "Wes Anderson (Daniel (voice))", "Chris Renaud (Additional Voices (voice))", "Edgar Wright (Additional Voices (voice))", "Asher Blinkoff (Piglet (voice))", "Jessica Rau (Additional Voices (voice))", "Carlos Alazraqui (Additional Voices (voice))", "Sara Mann (Additional Voices (voice))", "Daamen J. Krall (Additional Voices (voice))", "Bob Bergen (Additional Voices (voice))", "Doug Burch (Additional Voices (voice))", "Cathy Cavadini (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jason Pace (Additional Voices (voice))", "Townsend Coleman (Additional Voices (voice))", "Abby Craden (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jim Cummings (Russian bears (voice))", "John DeMita (Additional Voices (voice))", "Willow Geer (Additional Voices (voice))", "Tara Strong (Becky (voice))", "Jess Harnell (Additional Voices (voice))", "Leslie Jones (Meena's Mother (voice))", "Oscar Jennings (Piglet (voice))", "Leo Jennings (Piglet (voice))", "Caspar Jennings (Piglet (voice))", "Asa Jennings (Piglet (voice))", "Jon Robert Hall (Frog (voice))", "Laura Dickinson (Spider (voice))", "Jen Faith Brown (Singer (voice))", "\u00c1urea (Voice 1)", "Marisa Liz (Voice 2)", "Mickael Carreira (Voice 3)", "Deolinda Kinzimba (Voice 4)", "Jeremy Maxwell (Additional Voices (voice))", "Igor Khait (Additional Voices (voice))", "David Arnott (Additional Voices (voice))", "Daniel Mora (Additional Voices (voice))", "Britt Burton (Additional Voices (voice))", "Gregory Perler (Additional Voices (voice))", "Paige Pollack (Additional Voices (voice))", "Marisa De Silva (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jessica Rotter (Additional Voices (voice))", "Robert Taylor (Additional Voices (voice))", "Thomas Walters (Additional Voices (voice))", "Andrew Walton (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "QUALITY\r\n\r\nFeaturing appealing covers of hit songs and an all-star cast, this cute animated comedy capitalizes on the craze for both talking-animal adventures and talent competitions. The movie may not have the substance of Inside Out or the overt messages of Zootopia, but, like Trolls, it's simple, with catchy pop music and jokes that are likely to make kids laugh. (Unlike Trolls, its take-aways aren't quite as thoroughly positive -- see below.) The musical numbers are by far the best part of the movie, including Jennifer Hudson-voiced renditions of \"Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight\" to the piggy duet of \"Shake It Off\" (by Witherspoon and comedian Nick Kroll as a German boar called Gunter) to Kelly's show-stopping version of \"Hallelujah.\"\r\n\r\nThe music is what makes Sing worth the price of admission, because, story- and theme-wise, there are a few missteps that keep it from greatness. Like, say, the depiction of Rosita's home life. She does everything for her 25 piglets, and her burnt-out husband (Nick Offerman) barely registers her. He's so checked out that he doesn't notice when she sets up a Rube-Goldberg contraption to keep the household working when she can't secure a babysitter to participate in the contest. And then there's poor Johnny, who desperately wants his criminal father's approval. A child wanting a parent to see them shine is wonderful, but did they have to make the father in question a bank robber? But if what you want is a bubbly diversion you''l find yourself singing along to after the credits roll, then Sing hits the spot. Just don't think about it too hard."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Music is the key!**\r\n\r\nIt was one of the most watched trailer by me. Yeah, I liked the trailer and teaser, those beautiful songs and characters made me watch this film. Maybe because of that, I thought the trailers looked much better. I enjoyed the film, it had depth in characters than what I saw in the promotional videos. Though it is a simple story, and that worked so well.\r\n\r\nIts neither Disney or Pixer, but awesome. The good thing is the others as well getting there with par. It got nominated for the Golden Globe, but missed out the Oscars. A film for all ages. The musical is very common in animation, especially from Disney. This was a little different, a music genre. And the characters are the very special to this film to clinch the success.\r\n\r\nIt could have been easily added to 'Zootopia' universe, since the two films are from different productions, that idea was ruled out. The selection of voice-over cast was excellent, particularly in the singing perspective. Recently Dwayne Johnson sang one for 'Moana'. I know the real life actors brought in for the marketing purpose, but anyway they all were so good.\r\n\r\nI liked a couple of tracks, but most of them are not original. Even the theme song from 'Zootopia' by Shakira had a small part in it. So this film is surely suggestible for anyone to try at any time in any mood. It only cheers, definitely worth spending time for it. Now bring it on a sequel. As per the latest news, they have announced which is going to hit the screen in 2020. That looks too long, I need it even before that. Meanwhile, you guys enjoy it if you'ven't watched it yet.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Sing is about as good or bad as you would expect it to be. For me, it was a disposable yet entertaining flick where cartoon animals sing Glee-style renditions of popular songs to a plot that is pretty much American Idol meets The Muppets (2011). It follows the feel good, \"can't we all just get along?\" formula to a T."}], "recommandations_id": [277834, 136799, 328111, 332210]}