{"tmdb_id": 335983, "title": "Venom", "original_title": "Venom", "slug_title": "venom", "date": "2018-09-28", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Des symbiotes d\u00e9barquent sur la Terre, parmi eux, Venom, qui va s'allier avec Eddie Brock. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, un puissant scientifique tente de faire \u00e9voluer l'humanit\u00e9 avec les symbiotes, le duo d'anti-h\u00e9ros va devoir tout faire pour l'arr\u00eater !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2uNW4WbgBXL25BAbXGLnLqX71Sw.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hardy (Eddie Brock / Venom)", "Michelle Williams (Anne Weying)", "Riz Ahmed (Carlton Drake / Riot)", "Scott Haze (Security Chief Roland Treece)", "Reid Scott (Dr. Dan Lewis)", "Jenny Slate (Dr. Dora Skirth)", "Melora Walters (Homeless Woman Maria)", "Woody Harrelson (Cletus Kasady / Carnage)", "Peggy Lu (Mrs. Chen)", "Malcolm C. Murray (Lewis Donate)", "Sope Aluko (Dr. Collins)", "Wayne P\u00e9re (Dr. Emerson)", "Michelle Lee (Malaysia EMT / Riot Host)", "Kurt Yue (Mission Control Translator)", "Chris O'Hara (Astronaut J. J. Jameson III)", "Emilio Rivera (Lobby Guard Richard)", "Amelia Young (Allie)", "Ariadne Joseph (Eddie's TV Producer)", "Deen Brooksher (Drake Interview Guard #1)", "David Jones (Drake Interview Guard #2)", "Roger Yuan (Village Eel Shop Owner)", "Woon Young Park (Malaysia Village Tough #1)", "Patrick Chundah Chu (Malaysia Village Tough #2)", "Vickie Eng (Elderly Village Woman / Riot Host)", "Mac Brandt (Jack the Bartender)", "Nick Thune (Beardo at Bar)", "Michael Dennis Hill (Reporter on TV)", "Sam Medina (Shakedown Thug)", "Scott Deckert (Noisy Neighbor Ziggy)", "Lauren Richards (Ziggy's Girlfriend)", "Jared Bankens (Isaac / Blue Host)", "Lucas Fleischer (Guard at Gate)", "Michael Burgess (Flight Technician)", "Diesel Madkins (Lab Security Guard)", "Rxchie (Guard /  Riot)", "Otis Winston (Chasing Guard)", "Zeva DuVall (Little Girl / Riot Host)", "Selena Anduze (Bistro Manager)", "Brittany L. Smith (Bistro Hostess)", "Jordan Foster (Waiter)", "Jane McNeill (Diner #1)", "Victor McCay (Diner #2)", "Elizabeth Becka (Diner #3)", "Ron Prather (Diner #4)", "Marcia White (Diner #5)", "Javier Vazquez Jr. (MRI Tech)", "Ellen Gerstein (Hospital Lady with Dog / Mrs. Manfredi)", "Martin Bats Bradford (Jacob / Blue Host)", "Steven Teuchert (Stoner Dude #1)", "Al-Jaleel Knox (Stoner Dude #2)", "Brandon Morales (Crowd Control Officer)", "Matthew Cornwell (Ops Director)", "David Fleischer (Flight Trajectory Specialist)", "DJames Jones (L. F. Security Guard)", "Angela Davis (Evacuating Scientist)", "Stan Lee (Dapper Dog Walker)", "Wade Williams (Prison Guard)", "Ron Cephas Jones (Jack (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I honestly don't know what everyone's talking about, _Venom_ is **fine**! I mean... It's not great. There were a few moments I found myself thinking \"This bit's pretty bad, why did they do this?\" and a lot of moments I found myself thinking \"This bit's pretty good, but they still probably should have just made a **real** _Venom_ movie with Marvel.\"\r\n\r\nBut it's fine. The absolute best parts are the interactions taking place within Venom himself (between Brock and the Symbiote) and the movie would have been a lot worse if Tom Hardy wasn't capable of pulling that off. Look, a _Venom_ movie probably should have been rated R, and it probably should have taken more notes from current superhero movies than superhero movies from fifteen years ago, but I still had a good time with _Venom_, maybe it's not the best possible version of the story, but I'm still glad we have this one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "gurteksingh", "content": "Venom is a great comic adaptation. I really like what they did with the character and the story. I thought the film was done well. The special effects are pretty good. I thought the characters were cast well, and overall I just enjoyed it. The film is pretty dark and violent despite the PG-13 rating. It didn't have a lot of blood, but there was a bit here and there. Characters are mostly tossed around and beaten, but a lot of them are not shown dead. That being said, some characters are still killed on screen. People are experimented on. A few people are slashed and stabbed. Guns are used, but not frequently. It definitely pushed the PG-13 as far as it could. There is a lot of language throughout, including an f-bomb. There is also a lot of drinking. I definitely recommend this movie. I think it is better suited for teens and up, but older kids that can handle strong violence may be okay."}, {"pseudo": "javajohnny", "content": "I very much like it if you ask me (;"}, {"pseudo": "lancethedealer", "content": "Venom - **SPOILERS**\r\n\r\n4/10\r\n\r\nThere seems to be quite a bit of agreement on what Im about to say about the film. Venom doesnt quite know what it is. It cant decide wether its a goofy, action or a horror movie. Therefore its all of it and none at the same time. \r\n\r\nThe goofy jokes are pretty lame, which is why they are funny, you dont laugh with the writers, you laugh at them. \r\n\r\nThe action scenes are meh at best, \r\ncar chase : check\r\nmotorcycle : check\r\nridiculous (bad) cgi fight: check\r\nsure, watching Tom Hardy motorcross in San Francisco is quite fun, but its not really action. \r\n\r\nFinally, the horror; there are glimpses, glimmers of hope scattered around this movie. Little snippets of what could have been, but as soon as they appear they disappear. \r\n\r\nTwo scenes really stood out to me due to their potential. After quite a lot of buildup of Venom getting into the building (BY RUNNING UP IT), Eddie decides to take the lift down. Instead of having Eddie walk into the SWAT team, they should have been swarming the building crawling through the floors looking for him. Then, they could have had an ALIEN like hunting scene where Venom slowly takes out the task force one by one, in true horror movie fashion. \r\n\r\nThe other obvious horror scene could have been using the creepy little girl that delivers RIOT to the Musk wannabe, they could have homaged The Shining, they could have pulled an exorcist, they could have done a million things, but the little girl just has white pupils and a deep voice.\r\n\r\nThroughout the movie there are just continuous disappointments because you see what it is missing. \r\n\r\nInstead of the cheap love story and all the stupid overdone things they should have been ballsy with their movie. Yes the movie DID make 800+ million, however im sure it was going to do that anyway. Venom is probably one of the most badass characters in comic history, and Tom Hardy is Tom Hardy. \r\n\r\nI would have loved to see something along these lines:\r\n\r\nSymbiote hunts Eddie. \r\nSymbiote captures Eddie and they become Venom.\r\nVenom starts unleashing hell because he can, hunts SWAT etc. \r\nVenom goes after Musk wannabe and Kills him.\r\n\r\nThrow some more horror elements in there, and it would have made for a much more satisfactory watch. I have always adored Venom, and this movie had so much potential, but it was all for nothing. No rewatchability. Nothing worth remembering. Just a flick.\r\n\r\nIt was funny seeing Tom Hardy being a bit of a pussball, but even he cant help a crap script and an even worse film."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It\u2019s school holidays here in France which means the kids are at my place which in turn means lot\u2019s of time in front of the screen. Last night it was Venom\u2019s turn to be plopped into my Blu-ray player.\r\n\r\nI have to say that I was a little disappointed. Sure it is a good movie and I did indeed enjoy it but not as much as I thought I would. According to the ratings it looked like the majority of the audience liked it a lot and I do like the character Venom. Sure the culture elite and politically correct idiots that Rotten Tomates use as \u201ccritics\u201d claimed it to be rotten but, for me, that\u2019s usually a good sign when it comes to my entertainment value from a movie.\r\n\r\nThe good things are that I found Venom, the creature, really cool. I liked his voice, his appearance and his no-nonsense attitude. The special effects and the action was very enjoyable to watch. Luckily that was my main reason for watching the movie. Actually, it is probably the main reason I want to watch any Marvel movie, especially lately given the poor quality of writers that Marvel has employed.\r\n\r\nI guess it is a plus as well that there was not too much politically correct, green or social preaching in it. I am sure those so inclined can find more than me if they go looking for it but most of the movie audience, at least not for this type of movie, probably could not care less.\r\n\r\nThe main reason I felt somewhat disappointed is that the main protagonist is really not someone I could feel like I would root for. He is such a despicable douche-bag. For starters he is a low life journalist with an overblown ego and disrespect of pretty much everything. The kind CNN would employ. Even when he\u2019s been infected by Venom he continues between being a worthless egoistic coward and just an asshole. Actually the only real difference between the him and the big bad guy is that the bad guy is a hundred times more intelligent. It\u2019s not until the very end scenes that Eddie develops a minimum of likability.\r\n\r\nOn the other hand Venom is really the star of the movie. Both as a \u201cthing\u201d and as a character. He is a real bad-ass, quite funny and really everything that Eddie should have been as a character. He even develops more as a character than previously mentioned douche-bag.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a shame since otherwise this would have been a great movie. The story is simple but works well for this kind of movie. There are no silly twists and convoluted sub-plots. The main protagonist, as poor as he is, at least do not carry a lot of past history trying to explain God knows what and such stuff.\r\n\r\nIf the character of the main protagonist would have been more likable this would have been a great movie. Now it is \u201cjust\u201d good."}, {"pseudo": "Nelson", "content": "I thought it was pretty cool. Venom was a pretty good villain marvel film."}], "recommandations_id": [363088, 297802, 383498, 338952], "youtube_key": "dzxFdtWmjto"}