{"tmdb_id": 335988, "title": "Transformers : The Last Knight", "original_title": "Transformers: The Last Knight", "slug_title": "transformers-the-last-knight", "date": "2017-06-16", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller / Aventure"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The Last Knight fait voler en \u00e9clats les mythes essentiels de la franchise Transformers, et red\u00e9finit ce que signifie \u00eatre un h\u00e9ros. Les humains et les Transformers sont en guerre, Optimus a disparu. La cl\u00e9 pour sauver notre futur r\u00e9side dans les secrets enfouis du pass\u00e9, dans l'histoire cach\u00e9e des Transformers sur Terre. La sauvegarde de notre monde repose sur les \u00e9paules d'une alliance inattendue : Cade Yeager, Bumblebee, un Lord anglais et un professeur d'Oxford. Vient un moment dans la vie de chacun o\u00f9 nous sommes appel\u00e9s \u00e0 changer les choses. Dans Transformers: The Last Knight, les proies vont devenir des h\u00e9ros. Les h\u00e9ros vont devenir des m\u00e9chants. Un seule monde survivra : le leur, ou le n\u00f4tre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s5HQf2Gb3lIO2cRcFwNL9sn1o1o.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Wahlberg (Cade Yeager)", "Josh Duhamel (Col. William Lennox)", "Stanley Tucci (Merlin)", "Anthony Hopkins (Sir Edmund Burton)", "Laura Haddock (Vivian Wembley)", "Minti Gorne (Young Viviane)", "Isabela Moner (Izabella)", "Jerrod Carmichael (Jimmy)", "Santiago Cabrera (Santos)", "John Turturro (Seymour Simmons)", "Glenn Morshower (General Morshower)", "Liam Garrigan (King Arthur)", "Mitch Pileggi (TRF Group Leader)", "Tony Hale (JPL Engineer)", "Gil Birmingham (Chief Sherman)", "Nicola Peltz (Tessa Yeager (voice))", "Shia LaBeouf (Sam Witwicky (photo))", "Peter Cullen (Optimus Prime (voice))", "Gemma Chan (Quintessa)", "Frank Welker (Megatron (voice))", "Erik Aadahl (Bumblebee (voice))", "Jim Carter (Cogman (voice))", "Omar Sy (Hot Rod (voice))", "Ken Watanabe (Drift (voice))", "John Goodman (Hound (voice))", "John DiMaggio (Crosshairs / Nitro Zeus (voice))", "Reno Wilson (Sqweeks / Mohawk (voice))", "Jess Harnell (Barricade (voice))", "Tom Kenny (Wheelie (voice))", "Steve Buscemi (Daytrader (voice))", "Steven Barr (Volleybot (voice))", "Mark Ryan (Lieutenant / Bulldog (voice))", "Sophia Myles (Darcy)", "Barbara Eve Harris (Colonel #2)", "Benjamin Flores Jr. (Kid)", "Kevin Kent (TRF Group Leader)", "Andy Bean (Lawyer)", "Walles Hamonde (American Serviceman)", "Martin McCreadie (Lancelot)", "John Hollingworth (Tristan)", "Aisha Kabia (Lawyer)", "Elizabeth Croft (High Society Woman)", "Stephen Hogan (Viviane's Father)", "Dan Warner (Military Attache)", "Juliocesar Chavez (Kid)", "Daniel Adegboyega (Saebert)", "Claude Knowlton (JPL Director)", "Phill Langhorne (CNN News Reporter)", "Sam Yim (Lawyer)", "Christina Tam (Scientist)", "Rob Witcomb (Percival)", "Marcus Fraser (Gawain)", "Ben Webb (Hengist)", "Jacob Zachar (Young JPL Engineer)", "Maggie Steed (Viviane's Grandmum)", "Sara Stewart (Viviane's Mum)", "Phoebe Nicholls (Aunt Helen)", "Rebecca Front (Aunt Marie)", "Samuel Parker (Kid)", "Daniel Iturriaga (Kid)", "Mark Dexter (U.K. Prime Minister)", "Rob Jarvis (Downing Street Policeman)", "Tim Downie (Polo Player)", "Emily Tierney (High Society Woman)", "Wolfgang Young (Saxon Knight)", "Nicholas Khan (Scientist)", "Leighton Sharpe (Scientist)", "Aiyaz Ahmed (Scientist)", "Pauline McLynn (Female Researcher)", "Matthew Castle (Student)", "Mia Maria (Student)", "Poppy Carter (Student)", "Seeta Indrani (News Reporter)", "Simon Harrison (News Reporter)", "Wendy Albiston (Submarine Ticket Agent)", "John Burke (Pentagon Colonel)", "Granville Ames (Pentagon Official)", "Jim Wisniewski (Government Suit)", "Remi Adeleke (TRF Lieutenant)", "Perry Yee (TRF Operator)", "Brian William Price (TRF Operator)", "Vincent Jerome (TRF Operator)", "Alan Pietruszewski (F-35 Pilot)", "Christoper Vasquez (F-16 Pilot)", "Drew B. Waters (F-16 Pilot)", "Krista Schaeffer (Osprey Pilot)", "Tom Wright (Military Attache)", "Charlie Bouguenon (Namibian Scientist)", "Jandre le Roux (Namibian Scientist)", "Helen Iesha Goldthorpe (Passerby at Lincoln in the Fields (uncredited))", "Sofia Abbasi (Scientist (uncredited))", "David Olawale Ayinde (Scientist Delegate (uncredited))", "Jill Buchanan (Scientist (uncredited))", "Michael Chapman (Scientist Delegate (uncredited))", "Bern Collaco (Bakery Delivery Man / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Graham Curry (Attach\u00e9 (uncredited))", "Tom Dab (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Dino Fazzani (Alden (uncredited))", "Eloise Henwood (Tourist at Museum (uncredited))", "Honey Holmes (Scientist Delegate (uncredited))", "Ty Hurley (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Joost Janssen (SEAL (uncredited))", "Adam Lazarus (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "David Macey (Nobleman (uncredited))", "Jason Matthewson (Spencer (uncredited))", "Peter Meyer (Polo Spectator (uncredited))", "Jag Patel (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Deborah Rock (Scientist (uncredited))", "Bernardo Santos (Oxford College Student (uncredited))", "Christian Wolf-La'Moy  (Polo Match Guest (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The _Transformers_ franchise has never been good. Some say that the series is \"Dumb fun with good action and cool explosions. To me, that could maybe be used to describe only the third movie. The first one is promising and has a certain \"child-like-wonder\" appeal. But neither of them are truly **good**. The second _Transformers_ is meaningless garbage.\r\n\r\nBut when _Age of Extinction_ was released in 2014, the franchise hit new, abysmal lows. Watching _Transformers_ wasn't just a chore, it wasn't just boring, it was excruciating. It was so bad I felt nauseous. I was aggravated to the point of brimming with feelings of genuine anger. They say that if a film makes you feel something, that is a victory in itself. Be it sadness, excitement, intrigue, joy, hope, nostalgia, hysteria, love, fear, warmth - whatever - I tend to agree with that statement. What I felt in _Age of Extinction_ was not a victory. It was a failure. A Guinness Book of World Records level failure.\r\n\r\n_Transformers: The Last Knight_, is at least that bad again.\r\n\r\nArguably worse.\r\n\r\nI guess it didn't dedicate an entire character to being a justification for paedophilia, so it has that up on its predecessor.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u00bd - So bad it\u2019s offensive. I may never fully recover._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Not surprisingly I expected this, the fifth installment, of the Transformers franchise to be pretty much crap. Especially after the abysmal fourth installment. To my great surprise I found it to be much less crappy than I expected.\n\nI honestly do not understand why so many people seems to think this is one of the worst movies ever. The critics sure, especially the ones at Rotten Tomatoes, but I do not really care about those self proclaimed \"critics\". Ordinary viewers is another matter. \n\nI mean, this is a transformers movie and it is directed by Michael Bay. That pretty much defines the movie from the start so what the heck did all those people complaining actually expect? That Michael Bay should suddenly care about things like script and stuff or anything else except big robots, special effects and explosions?\n\nPersonally I quite enjoyed this movie. Well, enjoyed in the context of watching a Transformers movie that is. I enjoyed the special effects, the robots, even the lousy jokes.\n\nI did enjoy the tie in to the Pendragon myth and I thought the somewhat bizarre Sir Edmund Burton and his even more bizarre robot butler was great fun.\n\nI laughed outright when I saw the World War 1 tank transformer. I was expecting the submarine transformer to actually transform though.\n\nMaybe all those detractors of this movie are missing the bimbo with two and a half brain cells (yes I am being generous now) that used to be the lead female character in the Transformers movies but personally I quite liked that the leads in this movie was much more mature and actually showed some evidence of intelligence.\n\nThe story? Well, for a Transformers movie it is quite good. In any other context it would be somewhat...lacking. It did screw quite a bit with the Transformers timeline established in the first movies though. Oh, and for some nitpicking, the maximum operating altitude of those airplanes they used is 21 000 feet, not 12 000 feet.\n\nBottom line, I had great fun when watching this movie. With my low, and I mean LOW, initial expectations I was very pleasantly surprised. It is definitely a huge improvement over the fourth instalment."}, {"pseudo": "40w2000", "content": "Soulless garbage. Must have been written in less then 15 minutes. How hard can it be to write an entertaining film about transforming alien robots? If you're Michael Bay, very hard indeed. And the jokes. Wow. The jokes. I cringed after each and everyone. So many attempts at humour falling flat on their faces and smashing all of their teeth on the floor. The makers of this movie should be forced into exile."}], "recommandations_id": [91314, 282035, 305470, 268896], "youtube_key": "6Vtf0MszgP8"}