{"tmdb_id": 335906, "title": "Prenatal Yoga with Desi Bartlett", "original_title": "Prenatal Yoga with Desi Bartlett", "slug_title": "prenatal-yoga-with-desi-bartlett", "date": "2009-05-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A gentle practice for outer strength and inner calm  This flowing, gentle yoga practice is designed to be used throughout your pregnancy to help you connect with your changing body, your baby, and your inner calm.  You\u2019ll start with meditation and breathing techniques that reduce stress and fatigue and quiet the mind. Then you\u2019ll work on strengthening your body and increasing energy and stamina--all things that will assist you greatly during labor, delivery, and beyond. You\u2019ll also enjoy postures for flexibility and relaxation that will leave you feeling peaceful and restored.  Yoga is an ideal way to stay fit and healthy during pregnancy. As you move through each trimester, Prenatal Yoga will promote strength, peace of mind, and an awareness of the beauty and joy coming to your life.  FEATURES INCLUDE audio options (music and instruction or music only), optional Spanish audio track, 10 minutes of additional workouts, and more.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sI3yzyuwgXIpyfL1uol9DoTIh5K.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "r0bot", "content": "Different people look for different emphases in prenatal yoga (and yoga in general), but I was looking for something that had an even balance between stretching, strengthening and meditation, with the mediation helping me relax my body and connect to my baby. Others I've tried, and there have been many (by Shiva Rea, Jennifer Wolfe, Ann Richmond, Elena Brower and others), have either been too complicated and rigorous an aerobic fitness, for me meaning changing poses too quickly, for someone with minimal (but not no) yoga experience, with very skinny pregnant women, which managed to make me feel self-conscious even alone at home (I'm more average-in the size 6-8 range) which was just no fun, or on the other end, some others were a little too hippy-dippy for my taste, with what felt like an overdone and overly earnest emphasis on eastern philosophy lingo, without actual eastern philosophy. This DVD has a voice over description of the poses rather than someone talking while doing the poses, which I prefer, because it feels as though the voice is talking us both through it together. Many of the other DVDs, I'd try for 10-20 minutes and then give up, either tired and frustrated or bored. I make it through this one regularly, as it has great pacing, and I feel energized afterwards. You can also do this in sections (floor, standing, meditations at the beginning and end). I'm now in my third trimester, week 38 to be exact and I can still do and enjoy this tape, with my own modifications. Plus I love the look and music in this, which is simple and understated, spanish guitar, and also with an option to play without instruction, if you really feel comfortable with the poses (I never got to that point, but I like the option). I really like the simple and genuine references included throughout that help me connect me to the baby. Beautiful overall."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}