{"tmdb_id": 336000, "title": "Le Ch\u00e2teau de verre", "original_title": "The Glass Castle", "slug_title": "le-chateau-de-verre", "date": "2017-08-10", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Jeannette Walls, chroniqueuse mondaine \u00e0 New-York, a tout pour r\u00e9ussir et personne ne peut imaginer quelle fut son enfance. Elev\u00e9e par un p\u00e8re charismatique, inventeur loufoque qui promet \u00e0 ses enfants de leur construire un ch\u00e2teau de verre mais qui reste hant\u00e9 par ses propres d\u00e9mons, et une m\u00e8re artiste fantasque et irresponsable, elle a d\u00fb, depuis son plus jeune \u00e2ge, prendre en charge ses fr\u00e8res et s\u0153urs pour permettre \u00e0 sa famille dysfonctionnelle de ne pas se perdre totalement. Sillonnant le pays, poursuivis par les cr\u00e9anciers, et refusant de scolariser leurs enfants, les Walls ont tout de m\u00eame v\u00e9cu une vie empreinte de po\u00e9sie et de r\u00eave, qui a laiss\u00e9 des marques ind\u00e9l\u00e9biles mais qui a cr\u00e9\u00e9 des liens impossibles \u00e0 renier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1jl3vjgyBdJzxcEO0gQrlmaLjdk.jpg", "actors": ["Brie Larson (Jeannette Walls)", "Woody Harrelson (Rex Walls)", "Naomi Watts (Rose Mary Walls)", "Max Greenfield (David)", "Sarah Snook (Lori Walls)", "Ella Anderson (Jeannette Walls (Age 10))", "Chandler Head (Jeannette Walls (Age 5 and 6))", "Olivia Kate Rice (Lori Walls (Age 7))", "Sadie Sink (Lori Walls (Age 12))", "Josh Caras (Brian Walls)", "Iain Armitage (Brian Walls (Age 5))", "Charlie Stowell (Young Brian Walls)", "Brigette Lundy-Paine (Maureen Walls)", "Charlie Guyon (Baby Maureen Walls)", "Noemie Guyon (Baby Maureen Walls)", "Eden Grace Redfield (Maureen Walls (Age 3 ))", "Shree Crooks (Maureen Walls (Age 7))", "Dominic Bogart (Robbie)", "Joe Pingue (Stanley)", "Charlie Shotwell (Brian Walls (Age 7))", "Alanna Bale (Student)", "Andrew Shaver (Dr. Taylor)", "Nathaly Thibault (Business Woman)", "Kyra Harper (Miss Bivens)", "Hamza Haq (Intern)", "Kenny Wong (Restaurant Manager)", "Chris Gillett (Mr. Thompson)", "Darrin Baker (Pool Manager)", "Tyrone Benskin (Ronnie)", "Sabrina Campilii (Steph)", "Philippe Hartmann (NYC Deli Patron)", "Samantha Hodhod (Assistant)", "Tessa Mossey (Tiffany)", "Sarah Camacho (Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story of a Mountain Goat!**\r\n\r\nThis was like a combination of 'Captain Fantastic' and 'Infinitely Polar Bear'. But only a messed up tale than them. It was based on the book of the same name which originally a true story. A fascinating one. Inspiring, as well as heartbreaking story. But a wonderful film for families to watch. Because it focused on the family's unity in the difficult times. Told from a kid's perspective as she was growing up having suffered from basic facilities, along with her siblings.\r\n\r\nA family with a below poverty level, frequently moving from town to town, making a home in the remote places has one dream that they want to build their own glass castle, particularly for the kids. One of sibling who is close to her father, realises what's going on in the family and tries to find a solution to it. So it takes years to accomplish, and those years were narrated for us with so much fun and emotions.\r\n\r\nI love this kind of tales, When I came to know it that it was a memoir based, I loved it even more. True stories always reach my heart. This was just like I wanted. Enjoyed every bit of it, especially performances were top notch. One of the highlights was Ella Anderson. Find of the film, despite she has done other decent roles prior to it. Brie's not a great actress, but her choice of films always was the best, hence her part too was good in this.\r\n\r\nSecond feature film for the director, as well as with Brie. He was good though. Not to say anything about Harrelson, one of the under-rated actors of our generation. He should get the Oscar nominee for this role, but that's very unlikely I think. Naomi too has given a memorable performance with the rest of the cast. Forget the runtime, it was so fast and the always to points. Definitely one of the best of the year that must not be missed.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [411976, 289222, 353066, 382614]}