{"tmdb_id": 336200, "title": "Panama", "original_title": "Panama", "slug_title": "panama", "date": "2015-05-16", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "A thriller that depicts how digital communication, pornography and vanity obstruct true emotions and love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qL8kR0DMhpdrz0CgK8PVWhou75T.jpg", "actors": ["Slaven Do\u0161lo (Jovan Stojiljkovi\u0107)", "Jovana Stojiljkovi\u0107 (Maja Jovanovi\u0107)", "Tamara Dragi\u010devi\u0107 (Sandra)", "Jelisaveta Ora\u0161anin (Milica)", "Milo\u0161 Pjeva\u010d (Milan)", "Neboj\u0161a Milovanovi\u0107 (Profesor)", "Biljana Mi\u0161i\u0107 (Sanja)", "Andrija Dani\u010di\u0107 (Stevan)", "Branka \u0160eli\u0107 (Milanova mama)", "Aleksandar \u0110urica (Sandrin otac)", "Branka Puji\u0107 (Sandrina mama)", "Dejan Dedi\u0107 (Kolega Marko)", "Ivana Petrovi\u0107 (Mlada \u017eena)", "Miljana Popovi\u0107 (Nevena)", "Milica Majki\u0107 (Jelena)", "Nada Raki\u0107 (Majina baka)", "Aleksandar Jovanovi\u0107 (Student)", "Marta Milosavljevi\u0107 (Medicinska sestra)", "Marija Medenica (Prodava\u010dica u knji\u017eari)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The things to avoid in an open relationship!**\r\n\r\nA film about an open relationship and one losing it in the way to find himself trapped inside filled with jealousy. Really a great idea, I have seen similar films from the European and Hollywood, but this one had potential to be different and it could not. It is very confusing. Not just for the viewers, seems even the writers did not know how to end the tale after great initiation. Actually, I was not expecting any clever twist towards the end, but this story failed to deliver even a normal ending. So I'm very disappointed with how it finishes it off without proper reasoning.\r\n\r\nThe title was a mislead. You have to wait till the finale to understand it, it was also not that effective. The story was, actually there's nothing, or maybe you can say it's a one liner. When two young people make a deal to keep their relationship open, one could not cope with it after some time together and that brings the mistrust, eventually doubts arise on what kind of affair they are having. At some point it could get ugly, but what stops them, especially the future of them decided in the final segment of the tale.\r\n\r\nSo I kind of liked the first half, the real problem was the following half. I know the film character had confused over something, but why should the filmmaker confuse us as well. Should have detailed that part to come out clear. Though it was different, and still not the best solution for a tale like this. The actors were good, and decently made film, I mean the production, which I think is okay for a watch, yet it is not for everybody. Particularly for having the adult contents, it suits better for the grown ups.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}