{"tmdb_id": 336666, "title": "Sleeping Giant", "original_title": "Sleeping Giant", "slug_title": "sleeping-giant", "date": "2015-05-14", "genre": ["Drame / Aventure"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Adam, adolescent tranquille, passe l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9 avec ses parents au bord du vaste Lac Sup\u00e9rieur, \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re des \u00c9tats-Unis et du Canada. Sa routine se brise quand il se lie d\u2019amiti\u00e9 avec Riley et Nate, deux cousins qui jouent aux petits malins en passant leur temps libre entre d\u00e9bauche, insouciance et sauts p\u00e9rilleux du haut des falaises. La r\u00e9v\u00e9lation par l\u2019un d\u2019eux d\u2019un blessant secret sur Adam, entra\u00eenera plusieurs \u00e9v\u00e9nements irr\u00e9versibles qui mettront \u00e0 rude \u00e9preuve leur amiti\u00e9 et les changeront \u00e0 jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yONyhOUSaAMO3dyxTd3NqeBEXDp.jpg", "actors": ["Jackson Martin (Adam)", "Nick Serino (Nate)", "Reece Moffett (Riley)", "David Disher (William)", "Erika Brodzky (Marianne)", "Katelyn McKerracher (Taylor)", "Rita Serino (Grandma)", "Kyle Bertrand (Brad)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It was not their usual summer!**\r\n\r\nBased on the short film of the same name helmed by the same director. I recently saw many Canadian films, so here comes another one. This is a small film. Not by running time, but cast and production wise. A summer vacation tale, focused on the three boys. You know, summer is always a game changer for kids. This is the season where they learn about the other side of the world. Most of the coming-of-age events take place. Surely this is another one, but I liked it very much.\r\n\r\nThe title could imply many things, but one of the meanings was the same as 'coming-of-age'. I meant, suddenly if you learn something, you realise its significance, then you won't be same as before. You try to act accordingly in the given situation. Like any teen films, you can expect fun stuffs from this. The adventure was good. Not thrilling ones, but like what normal kids do. What I most hated was harming insects. It might be nothing for the majority of people on the planet, but that was a disturbing image for me. I had almost turned the film down.\r\n\r\nThere's no intro. The story just began and moved forward. Because it is easy to get along. Even the narration did not stick to any one's particular perspective. Though most of the time it was Adam's. The teenager came with his parents to spend the summer at their cottage located Canadian side of the Erie Lake. With two friends, he set to venture places around for fun. He's a decent kind, but not the other two. So because of them, he learns their way of making the day. But there's a limit for everything. Once that limit crossed, the story takes a turn and head straight for the finale.\r\n\r\n> \u275dShould take the opportunity while it's open, before it closes.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe film was predictable. Not like scene by scene, dialogues, but what might happen next. That's probably not by everyone. From the opening few minutes itself, I knew there's something big is coming up. But I had to wait for it till the last. I haven't seen the original short, though this story was so perfect for that kind. They extended it and I liked those developments which added more details, familiarising the characters and the situation. The writing was the tricky one. Not smartly done, though convincing one. There's always a clue left behind for what might come later, like a straightforward storytelling. So you basically watch it looking forward to that event.\r\n\r\nStill, the film was interesting enough to hook up with it. The film characters were awesome, very distinctive, which made the film possible. Though some dialogues should have been better. Most of them were improvised, which sometimes feels cinematically unfamiliar. Nevertheless, nice job done by all the cast, particularly the three boys. For other than the cinephiles, the ending could be an unexpected, because of the lack of exposure on what film would turn which way.\r\n\r\nA good film for teenagers to watch, but not for anyone younger than that. Because thematically, it was slightly strong. Referred sex, but no nudes. This is being a Canadian film could be the reason not recognised widely, but it deserves better than that. Not just this one, but many fine similar films met with the same fate before. I'm ninety-nine per cent sure you have never heard this title before. But if you had watched and liked such as 'The Kings of Summer', 'Paranoid Park', then why not try this one. It won't be your film of the year, but there's less chance for you to dislike it.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [221243, 27175, 339079, 100482], "youtube_key": "5LCafCJJFdQ"}