{"tmdb_id": 336890, "title": "Goon: Le Dernier des Durs \u00e0 Cuire", "original_title": "Goon: Last of the Enforcers", "slug_title": "goon-le-dernier-des-durs-a-cuire", "date": "2017-03-17", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une \u00e9ni\u00e8me commotion, Doug Glatt, un homme fort du hockey, doit oublier son r\u00eave des ligues majeures et se contenter d'une carri\u00e8re de vendeur d'assurances, comme le lui sugg\u00e8re fortement sa femme Eva qui est enceinte. Mais Doug ne peut r\u00e9sister aux sir\u00e8nes des Highlanders, et met tout en branle pour retrouver sa gloire d'antan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jkBFKX1gqYFl1QFD1fauXWLTOuz.jpg", "actors": ["Seann William Scott (Doug Glatt)", "Alison Pill (Eva)", "Marc-Andr\u00e9 Grondin (Xavier LaFlamme)", "Wyatt Russell (Anders Cain)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Hyrum Cain)", "Liev Schreiber (Ross Rhea)", "Kim Coates (Ronnie Hortense)", "Richard Clarkin (Gord Oglivey)", "Elisha Cuthbert (Mary)", "Jay Baruchel (Pat)", "Jonathan Cherry (Marco Belchior)", "Trent Pardy (Stevenson)", "George Tchortov (Evgeni)", "Karl Graboshas (Oleg)", "Jason Jones (Bob Forbes)", "David Paetkau (Ira Glatt)", "T.J. Miller (Sportscaster)", "Larry Woo (Park Kim)", "Ellen David (Mrs. Glatt)", "Curt Keilback (Red McCauley)", "Tessa Bonhomme (Female Reporter)", "Claire Stollery (Janice)", "Glen McDonald (Dr. Goodman)", "Andrew Herr (Finch)", "Nathan Dales (Petr)", "Emma Hunter (Flight Attendant)", "Lane Manson (Totan)", "Boomer Phillips (Walters)", "Brandon Prust (Penryth)", "Lindsay Christopher (University Student (uncredited))", "Fabio Lusvarghi (Penalty Box Official (uncredited))", "Heidi Matijevic (Girl on Plane (uncredited))", "Matthew Mease (Reading Team Coach (uncredited))", "Jill Morgan (Spectator (uncredited))", "Mark Quigley (Scorekeeper (uncredited))", "Dave Reachill (Bartender (uncredited))", "Sylvia Zuk (Airport Passenger (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The original _Goon_ came as a pleasant surprise. _Last of the Enforcers_ came as just regular pleasant. Maybe it was only because I actually expected something good this time around, but I personally feel that the first film is much better. _Last of the Enforcers_ is still very watchable, and it's great to be back with Doug Glatt as he tries to figure out what to do in any given situation relying solely on the input of being such a genuinely good dude, but that's only so much of the movie, as we instead diverge into an off-putting (though still realistic) father/son relationship between two total assholes and hit up every single joke that was already repetitive in the first _Goon_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The fall and rise of Doug the thug.**\r\n\r\nJay Barushel. This is the magic words for this film. This is his feature film directional debut and I would say he did an awesome job. Apart from that, his cameo was also so good. The first film was good. It was like I have never seen before. A sports film with a favour of WWE. I did not think it would get a sequel, but now I'm really happy they made one. This is just perfect as the first one. \r\n\r\nIn television and feature films, those who play brothers, sisters, never rise into the big stars. Sean William Scott quite found his own place. This film could become his identity in the future. I hope the third is on the way, and of course should be made by none other than Jay Barushel. The rest of the cast was well supported him in this. One of the good films of the year, and best among the sports theme.\r\n\r\nWith a new season on the roll, the Highlanders struggling after their new captain Doug, ruled out for the remains after he met with a serious injury. He was replaced in the team by the one who confronted him. Still the team is not producing the result the management wanted. On the other side, Doug is recovering and into the next level of his married life. With all the chaos around, his comeback to the team and rest of the story revealed in the third act.\r\n\r\nI have seen many films what they have called comedy, but I never laughed even one time during my watch. This film actually made me laugh in many parts. There's not much sports cliche in it. Easy to predict it as a one-liner, but the events, the scenes were hard to guess. Well written, directed and performed. One of the best Canadian films of the year. Those who liked previous should watch it, otherwise still worth have a peek into it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [74387, 242093, 211990, 445962]}