{"tmdb_id": 337174, "title": "Prick Thy Neighbour", "original_title": "Prick Thy Neighbour", "slug_title": "prick-thy-neighbour", "date": "2014-09-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Mike\u2019s interest in his neighbour Fiona is definitely not reciprocated. But Millie, two doors down, hatches a plan replete with roses and an incontinent cat, that may break the stalemate.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Sara Kestelman (Millie)", "Grant Masters (Mike)", "Katy Stephens (Fiona)", "Douglas McFerran (Brian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jsrobo", "content": "Prick Thy Neighbour is Tara Fitzgerald\u2019s directorial d\u00e9but (a 15 minute short)\r\n\r\nFilming commenced in May 2014\r\n\r\nSara Kestelman plays the role of Millie.\r\nLisa Jacobs is Writer/Producer\r\nGeorgina French - Producer French Fancy Productions\r\nNicholas Varley - Composer\r\nViolet Elliot - Production Designer\r\n\r\n First screening was at London\u2019s\r\nBFI on the Southbank 11 September 2014"}, {"pseudo": "jsrobo", "content": "Fiona, Mike & Millie live next-door to each other. Mike fancies Fiona. Fiona doesn't fancy Mike. One evening, following another of Mike's desperate attempts to woo Fiona, Millie decides her two neighbours should have dinner. Having unwittingly agreed to this arrangement, Fiona plans to use the occasion to, at long last, take revenge on Mike. Will she succeed? Does she want to succeed? Or will her incontinent cat, roses and a bit of mischief bring about love's late bloom?"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}