{"tmdb_id": 337155, "title": "The Weight of Cotton", "original_title": "Rui Ka Bojh", "slug_title": "the-weight-of-cotton", "date": "1997-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "The story revolves around a self-respecting, wise old Indian man, who decides to divide his wealth and property among his sons and then let them take care of them. But all doesn't go according to his plans as his sons don't want to take his responsibility and things start going downhill for the family from there. It's a journey of old-age, family values, love and respect for your family and responsibility.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tECi6x1sWPPfTduFBI7GBVoh43C.jpg", "actors": ["Pankaj Kapur (Kishan Shah)", "Raghubir Yadav (Ram Sharan)", "Reema Lagoo (Daughter-in-law)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Shreyance Parakh", "content": "**A hidden gem!**\r\n\r\nI don't know how many of the Indians have even heard of this gem of a movie, let alone having been seen it. There could not be a more surreal depiction of what life can be in old age. Life does not start becoming mundane just because we've passed the reins of our lives and houses to our children. It still has its share of ups and downs. There are going to be days when we feel unwanted, a burden even. We might feel like we don't have anything to live for anymore. But most of the times that isn't how it really is.\r\n\r\nWe realize the value of anything in life once we get the fear of losing it, whether it be a of a materialistic nature or of an emotional nature. This movie succeeds greatly in raising a turmoil of these feelings within one's heart. You do realize that parents and children, no matter how much they fight or argue, are like electricity(excuse me for a lack of a better comparison) in each other's lives. We wouldn't die without it, but it's absence would be unbearable if it was taken away from us. From an Indian perspective, this movie is an amazing work of art that, if is seen by someone, can make one realize that it doesn't take much to take care of our parents after they've done it for their almost whole functioning lives.\r\n\r\nNow, on the creative aspect of the movie-acting was as real as it could be by Pankaj Kumar, Raghubir Yadav and Reema Lagoo also portrayed their characters beautifully. The dialogs were relatable, background music was befitting and the direction was top notch. I hope that movies such as this too may be talked about when counting the gems of Indian Cinema."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "TWVTfJqReq8"}