{"tmdb_id": 337170, "title": "Barry Seal - American Traffic", "original_title": "American Made", "slug_title": "barry-seal-american-traffic", "date": "2017-08-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Action"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire vraie d'un trafiquant de drogue qui a \u0153uvr\u00e9 pour la CIA et le cartel de Medellin dans les ann\u00e9es 80.  Une escapade internationale, bas\u00e9e sur les exploits incroyables mais vrais de Barry Seal, un pilote arnaqueur recrut\u00e9 de mani\u00e8re inattendue par la CIA afin de mener \u00e0 bien l\u2019une des plus grosses op\u00e9rations secr\u00e8tes de l\u2019histoire des Etats-Unis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/23ILgoPSO5ShKcTZOuiTVfqFAUB.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Cruise (Barry Seal)", "Sarah Wright (Lucy Seal)", "Domhnall Gleeson (Monty Schafer)", "Alejandro Edda (Jorge Ochoa)", "Mauricio Mej\u00eda (Pablo Escobar)", "Jayma Mays (Dana Sibota)", "Jesse Plemons (Sheriff Downing)", "Lola Kirke (Judy Downing)", "Jayson Warner Smith (Bill Cooper)", "William Mark McCullough (Pete Dubois)", "Lara Grice (Female Reporter (uncredited))", "Frank Licari (ATF Special Agent Franks)", "Jed Rees (Louis Finkle)", "Caleb Landry Jones (JB)", "Connor Trinneer (George W. Bush)", "April Billingsley (Jenny)", "Benito Martinez (James Rangel)", "Kayla Perkins (Waitress (uncredited))", "Justice Leak (Agent Winter)", "Sharon Conley (DEA Agent Grace (uncredited))", "Mike Pniewski (Willie)", "Robert Pralgo (Gary)", "E. Roger Mitchell (Agent Craig McCall)", "Michael Mercaldi (Sandinista (uncredited))", "Morgan Hinkleman (Christina Seal)", "Patti Schellhaas (Airplane Passenger (uncredited))", "Courtney Lakin (Stewardess)", "Chris Gann (Donor #2 (uncredited))", "Fredy Yate Escobar (Carlos Lehder)", "Robert Farrior (Oliver North)", "Alberto Ospino (Manuel Noriega)", "Felipe Bernedette (Translator)", "Daniel Lugo (Adolfo Calero)", "Lauren Boyd (Secretary)", "Lauren Revard (Teller)", "Marcus Hester (Parka)", "Alex Collins (ATF #1)", "Scott Poythress (ATF #2)", "Alpha Trivette (Judge Linkletter)", "Kevin L. Johnson (Agent Horace Wainwright)", "DeVere Jehl (Plain Clothed Man)", "Emilio Sierra (H\u00e9ctor (Colombian Driver))", "Leon Lamar (Elderly Man)", "Maria Howell (NSC Woman)", "Darla Delgado (Customs Agent)", "Mickey Sumner (North's Aide Fawn Hall)", "Daniel Thomas May (CIA Man)", "Chloe Swan Sparwath (LeAnn)", "Alex Quarles (Aaron)", "Trip McCarthy (Dean)", "Zachary Powell (Dean)", "Ronald Reagan (Himself (archive footage))", "Nancy Reagan (Herself (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "fung0", "content": "_American Made_ is a peculiar film, but a very enjoyable one. It takes a playful, satirical look at the origins of the notorious 'Iran-Contra' affair, through the eyes of pilot Barry Seal. Along the ways we get thrills, laughs, astonishing (true-life) twists and turns and some vivid characters.\r\n\r\nEven if you followed the public Iran-Contra scandal, you may be unfamiliar with the story of Seal, who started running guns for the CIA years before the familiar public scandal erupted. American Made is a fast, breezy, amoral look at the ins and outs of a covert operation made to go wrong. There's no judgment here; in fact, we come to like Seal's crazy make-it-up-as-you-go-along approach to flying, to crime and to life in general.\r\n\r\nTom Cruise is perfectly cast as the cocky, reckless pilot. I've done a fair bit of flying, and I've met one or two hot-shots like (in a lesser degree) the one Cruise portrays. Cruise has lately been playing parts that are much too young for him (e.g. _Jack Reacher: Never Go Back_), but his age works well in this case. In a way, Seal is a guy fighting to stay young.\r\n\r\nIf there's one there's one thing to regret about _American Made_ it's that it carefully avoids most of the political backdrop. We're told that the Sandinistas were evil Russian-backed Communists, which is undoubtedly what the CIA would have said at the time. (Hindsight is more ambiguous.) We're shown, just barely, how the Reagan administration evolved a cockeyed criminal scheme for its own ends, but the film ends where the public Iran-Contra scandal began. Ollie North is a presence in only one or two shots.\r\n\r\nNonetheless, Barry Seal's personal story arc is wrapped up perfectly. The ending doesn't let anyone off the hook, but it does leave us questioning our own moral position, as we're inevitably drawn to like and admire Barry Seal, in spite of his total lack of scruples or judgment.\r\n\r\nDoug Liman directs with his usual flair. He's had a remarkably varied career, ranging from spy-action (_Bourne Identity_) to superheroes (_Jumper_) to political drama (_Fair Game_) to straight-up sci-fi (_Edge of Tomorrow_). _American Made_ stands up very well in that catalog. It's a fun film, a thoughtful film, an unusual film... though its darker side may not appeal to every taste."}], "recommandations_id": [390043, 399170, 395834, 341013], "youtube_key": "AEBIJRAkujM"}