{"tmdb_id": 337339, "title": "Fast & Furious 8", "original_title": "The Fate of the Furious", "slug_title": "fast-furious-8", "date": "2017-04-12", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Crime / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Maintenant que Dom et Letty sont en lune de miel, que Brian et Mia se sont rang\u00e9s et que le reste de l\u2019\u00e9quipe a \u00e9t\u00e9 disculp\u00e9, la bande de globetrotteurs retrouve un semblant de vie normale. Mais quand une myst\u00e9rieuse femme entra\u00eene Dom dans le monde de la criminalit\u00e9, ce dernier ne pourra \u00e9viter de trahir ses proches qui vont faire face \u00e0 des \u00e9preuves qu\u2019ils n\u2019avaient jamais rencontr\u00e9es jusqu\u2019alors.  Des rivages de Cuba au rues de New York en passant par les plaines gel\u00e9es de la mer arctique de Barrents, notre \u00e9quipe va sillonner le globe pour tenter d'emp\u00eacher une anarchiste de d\u00e9cha\u00eener un chaos mondial et de ramener \u00e0 la maison l\u2019homme qui a fait d\u2019eux une famille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/43XSMNTEba4HeaUCEMOX7DYe7NM.jpg", "actors": ["Vin Diesel (Dominic Toretto)", "Jason Statham (Deckard Shaw)", "Dwayne Johnson (Luke Hobbs)", "Michelle Rodriguez (Letty Ortiz)", "Tyrese Gibson (Roman Pearce)", "Ludacris (Tej Parker)", "Charlize Theron (Cipher)", "Kurt Russell (Frank Petty / Mr. Nobody)", "Nathalie Emmanuel (Ramsey)", "Luke Evans (Owen Shaw)", "Elsa Pataky (Elena Neves)", "Kristofer Hivju (Connor Rhodes)", "Scott Eastwood (Eric Reisner / Little Nobody)", "Corey Maher (Tac Team Leader)", "Tego Calder\u00f3n (Tego Leo)", "Don Omar (Rico Santos)", "Helen Mirren (Magdalene Shaw)", "Patrick St. Esprit (DS Allan)", "Eden Estrella (Samantha Hobbs)", "Janmarco Santiago (Fernando)", "Luke Hawx (Miller)", "Celestino Cornielle (Raldo)", "Olek Krupa (Russian Minister of Defense)", "Alexander Babara (Russian Aide)", "Andre Pushkin (Russian Lead Driver)", "Robert Jekabson (Russian MMV Driver)", "Nick Gracer (Russian MMV Soldier)", "Gary Weeks (Super Jet Pilot)", "Joe Fishel (Showroom Employee)", "Michael W. Broomer (Big Mike)", "Theresa Cook (Business Woman (uncredited))", "Kim Evans (Showroom Customer (uncredited))", "Oleg Prudius (Russian Assassin (uncredited))", "Connie Kincer (New York Pedestrian / Tourist / Girl at Flower Stand (uncredited))", "Yassie Hawkes (Park Girl (uncredited))", "Destiny Lopez (NYC Crime Witness (uncredited))", "Anita Farmer Bergman (Business Woman (uncredited))", "Friday Chamberlain (Zombie Car Tech)", "Mya Levels (Businesswoman (uncredited))", "Yuliya Zelenskaya (Tourist (uncredited))", "Trevor Wolf (Ultra Max Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Megan Marie Wilson (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Myrom Kingery (Russian Soldier (uncredited))", "Dominick Wilkins (Business Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Shannon Marie Watts (Business Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Gary Lee Vincent (Chess Player (uncredited))", "Zachary Vazquez (CIA Worker (uncredited))", "Ronald Joe Vasquez (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Alan Tuskes (Street Vendor (uncredited))", "Mikhail Tot (Construction Worker (uncredited))", "Branislav R. Tatalovic (Vendor (uncredited))", "Doug Stroup (CIA Agent (uncredited))", "Eddy Stewart (Mechanic (uncredited))", "Shawn Sterba (Tourist (uncredited))", "Nancy Ellen Shore (Tourist (uncredited))", "Jon Komp Shin (Soldier (uncredited))", "Darren Sheehan (Mechanic (uncredited))", "Gabrielle Sebben (Tourist / College Student (uncredited))", "Ramona Schwalbach (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Debbie Scaletta (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Melissa Santiago (Businesswomen (uncredited))", "Mark Salas (Tourist (uncredited))", "Jostein Sagnes (Kid in Park (uncredited))", "Porche Robinson (Business Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Charlie Reyes-Torreblanca (Fish Worker (uncredited))", "William Cowboy Reed (Berlin Swat (uncredited))", "Ryan Poole (College Student / NY Businessman (uncredited))", "Michelle Poole (NY Businesswoman / Tourist (uncredited))", "Charles Poole (NY Businessman / Tourist (uncredited))", "Anthony Vance Pierce (Monarch Soccer Coach (uncredited))", "Carmelo Oquendo (Mercenary (uncredited))", "Pauline Nowakowski (Street Vender (uncredited))", "Darko Nikolic (NY Businessman / operative (uncredited))", "Ryan Newton (Jet Tech (uncredited))", "Zoya Naumchik (Tourist (uncredited))", "Doug Meacham (Tourist (uncredited))", "Chris McCail (Business pedestrian (uncredited))", "Faith Logan (Sexy Hipster Tourist (uncredited))", "Gary Lavard (Special Operative (uncredited))", "\u00d6zcan \u00d6zdemir (Turkish Tourist (uncredited))", "Karin Boesler (Tourist / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Apollo GT (Fish Warehouse Worker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "The film starts out on the streets of Cuba with Dom doing some street racing to help out a relative.\r\n\r\nDom (Vin Diesel) is honeymooning in Cuba with Letty but married bliss does not last for long. A cyber terrorist called Cipher (Charlize Theron) has something on Dom, enough to get him to turn his back on his family and go rogue.\r\n\r\nHobbs ends up in jail because of Dom's betrayal. Even worse he is the same block as Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) the man he put in jail in the last film.\r\n\r\nMr Nobody (Kurt Russell) manipulates both Hobbs and Shaw to team up, together with Dom's crew they go after Cipher.\r\n\r\nThe film has several big action pieces the best of which are auto-driven cars being hacked an causing mayhem in the streets of New York. The Russian set action scenes on ice being a bit dicey.\r\n\r\nIt is still a loud, dumb action picture. Popcorn entertainment."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Might be the dumbest of the franchise to date, and if nothing else, that's an achievement. More importantly, _Fate of the Furious_ continues the tradition that the series has upheld since all the way back in the... half-way point: _Fast 5_. That was when these movies actually got bearable, and _Fate of the Furious_ delivers on the promise of that fun.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Fast + Eight = Fate**\r\n\r\nWe all miss Paul Walker here, but the franchise has grown bigger with more new casts from a couple of previous installments and with this, still counting. Yes, it marks the arrival of Jason Stathom as hinted at the end of the previous part, as well as Charlize Theron in the negative role. And guest appearance of veteran actors. This is where the bald guys rule. One of the most unique franchise.\r\n\r\nThis is the costliest film in the series, but did not earn as much as 'Fast 7' did. At least it stands second out of the eight. Now the billion dollar club becoming normal. The best thing about this series is, the race days are over. It's now more a cop-thief kind of cat- mouse action-adventure game that moves all around the globe. It opened in Cuba with a small race, which is what it's known for, but soon falls back to the manhunt.\r\n\r\nYep, Toretto abandons his family and disappears. Soon he'll be found on the wrong side of the battle between the security/secret agency and the international criminal gang. Now it is the clash within the family that involves outsiders too. A new recruit, Deckard Shaw joins the team, alongside Scott Eastwood as Little Nobody. Finding what they're up to and striking them to avert their plans are followed in the remaining film.\r\n\r\nThe original films had awesome automobile stunts, but what was missing is the fist fight, which came to life with more masculinely since Dwayne Johnson's entry. Now add Stathan as well to it. I hope he stays in the series, rather just for one film as a guest appearance. The regular cast was good as always. The story had a small twist, but mostly predictable. A good film compared to a few earlier films, otherwise a decent watch. Now its time to wait for Fast 9 or is it called Fine!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "home the man who made them a family.\r\n\r\nThis movie could easily have been a five out of five stars movie. The story is not that bad but the script and the special effects are absolutely ludicrous. Do not get me wrong, the special effects are, in terms of visual effects quality, really good but they are also utterly unbelievable.\r\n\r\nWhat kind of total idiot did they put to play out his juvenile wet FX dreams on this one? I do not mind over the top special effects and I do not demand 100% realism, at least not in a movie like this, but the effects in this one is just so unbelievable and unintelligent that it really spoils the fun. Take submarines that outrun speeding cars\u2026while acting as ice breakers at the same time. How the hell did they get the submarine from being propped up in dry dock into the water in less than an hour? Also, this guy seems to think that you can just turn on a nuclear sub from being moth balled to ready to go with the turn of a switch as well. The movie is loaded with stunts like this. Stunts that are so ludicrous that it hurts to think that anyone can be stupid enough to dream that kind of crap up. Maybe the guy thought he was writing the script for a comedy or something.\r\n\r\nIt is a bit of a shame since the story itself is not at all bad. I have to went my frustration about another gripe I have here though. The movie blurb is not only misleading but it is blatantly false. The \u201cmysterious woman\u201d do NOT \u201cseduce\u201d Dom into anything. Said woman has a much more sinister plan. To me this was very good indeed. I was very hesitant before seeing this woman since I really did not like the idea of Dom being \u201cseduced\u201d into betraying his friends.\r\n\r\nWell, apart from the above I have to confess that I liked it. It would have gotten five out of five from me if it was not for the unintelligent FX porn in it.\r\n\r\nVin Diesel and The Rock are great as usual. I have always liked Michelle Rodriquez. The rest are not bad either. Charlize Theron is actually making a fairly charismatic villain as Chiper.\r\n\r\nThere are of course a lot of fast (macho) talk and faster cars as well as plenty of things that go boom in the movie. It is a action movie so anyone expecting something else picked the wrong movie. After all, it is the eighth movie in the franchise so if you are surprised over what you got when watching it you must have picked it up by mistake. Even then, seeing Vin Diesel, The Rock, Statham etc\u2026 on the cover should have given you some idea. The one star reviews are just nonsense. They usual are. Very few movies deserve a single star. However, a full set of stars, that, it is not getting.\r\n\r\nThe movie was enjoyable, fun and action filled but could have been better."}], "recommandations_id": [168259, 51497, 13804, 47971]}