{"tmdb_id": 337456, "title": "Agadbam", "original_title": "Agadbam", "slug_title": "agadbam", "date": "2010-10-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tSvFpy7ccw3pKHCl9GFMHIqpbLr.jpg", "actors": ["Makarand Anaspure (Raiba Devkule)", "Trupti Bhoir (Najuka Devkule)", "Usha Nadkarni (Paru Devkule)", "Chitra Navathe (Grand Mother of Raiba Devkule)", "Tejaswi Patil (Swapna Bhuskute)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sleek4923", "content": "Young Raiba Devkule (Makrand Anaspure) works in a bank and lives with his widowed mother (Usha Nadkarni) and grandmother (Chitra Navathe). When he expresses his desire to marry a colleague, his mother tells him that he was betrothed as a child and that she now has to fulfill her late husband's dream \u2013 to get Raiba married to his father's best friend's daughter (Trupti Bhoir). Though he has never seen the girl, a desperate Raiba agrees. After all arrangements are made, they proceed to the village where the wedding is to take place. As the day proceeds, Raiba expresses his desire to see his bride at least once before the wedding to which he is told that it is a bad omen. But his mother and aaji who are allowed to see the bride are shocked to see a very fat girl named Nazuka. Because of the age-old promise, the duo keeps mum. When Raiba sees his bride during the wedding ceremony, he is speechless. He marries her regardless but refuses to acknowledge her as his wife.\r\n\r\nMakrand Anaspure is his usual self. Usha Nadkarni and Chitra Navathe are good in their roles. But it is Trupti Bhoir who carries the entire film on her 'heavy' shoulders. For the role of Nazuka, a girl weighing 250 kgs, Trupti, who actually weighs 57 kilos, had to sit for long hours while make-up artiste Anil Premgirikar worked on her body with prosthetic make-up. It is the first time that a Marathi film costs about five crore and where the leading lady has used prosthetic make-up to look obese and ugly. Though there are several flaws in the film, they can be ignored as the effort to make such a movie is laudable. The music, choreography and songs are strictly okay. The film has its moments and can be enjoyed by all."}, {"pseudo": "sleek4923", "content": "Young Raiba Devkule (Makrand Anaspure) works in a bank and lives with his widowed mother (Usha Nadkarni) and grandmother (Chitra Navathe). When he expresses his desire to marry a colleague, his mother tells him that he was betrothed as a child and that she now has to fulfill her late husband's dream \u2013 to get Raiba married to his father's best friend's daughter (Trupti Bhoir). Though he has never seen the girl, a desperate Raiba agrees. After all arrangements are made, they proceed to the village where the wedding is to take place. As the day proceeds, Raiba expresses his desire to see his bride at least once before the wedding to which he is told that it is a bad omen. But his mother and aaji who are allowed to see the bride are shocked to see a very fat girl named Nazuka. Because of the age-old promise, the duo keeps mum. When Raiba sees his bride during the wedding ceremony, he is speechless. He marries her regardless but refuses to acknowledge her as his wife.\r\n\r\nMakrand Anaspure is his usual self. Usha Nadkarni and Chitra Navathe are good in their roles. But it is Trupti Bhoir who carries the entire film on her 'heavy' shoulders. For the role of Nazuka, a girl weighing 250 kgs, Trupti, who actually weighs 57 kilos, had to sit for long hours while make-up artiste Anil Premgirikar worked on her body with prosthetic make-up. It is the first time that a Marathi film costs about five crore and where the leading lady has used prosthetic make-up to look obese and ugly. Though there are several flaws in the film, they can be ignored as the effort to make such a movie is laudable. The music, choreography and songs are strictly okay. The film has its moments and can be enjoyed by all."}], "recommandations_id": []}