{"tmdb_id": 337603, "title": "Yoogan", "original_title": "Yoogan", "slug_title": "yoogan", "date": "2015-04-24", "genre": [""], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "When their friends start dying mysteriously, David and Vinay believe it to be the handiwork of a ghost. However, the cop investigating the case seems to think otherwise and goes after them. What is the mystery here?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xMsO9bphh3zfQhB71nXvWJjjGQ1.jpg", "actors": ["Yashmith (Vinay)", "Sakshi Agarwal (Pooja)", "Siddhu GRN (David)", "Pradeep Balaji (Amir)", "Shyam Kirthivasan (Rahul)", "Manoj (Arun)", "Tarun Chakravarthy (ACP)", "Suresh Pillai (Raghu)", "Venkatrenga Gupta (CEO)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Given that horror is the flavour of the season in Tamil cinema, it is no wonder that we are beginning to get every sort of horror film. But what everyone seems to be conveniently ignoring is the fact that not everyone can make a truly scary ghost movie. Yoogan is a low-budget horror movie like Pizza, but while the latter had attitude and ingenuity, this one is just a compendium of horror movie cliches \u2014 unusual camera angles, noises in the night, jump scares, a ghost who the makers want us to take as seriously as the one in Grudge but whose very appearance only recalls the funny ghost in Scary Movie 3, a dull backstory for the ghost targeting these youngsters \u2014 that we are hardly scared. Even the dramatic portion, which is set against the backdrop of an IT company, seem like cliches involving people working in the IT industry (they hardly work at office, they drink, they date endlessly, they lack morals). And the modest budget is evident in the visuals, which have a TV serial quality to them, while the acting resembles what we might find in student films. That the director wants to scare us with the camera angles and sound design instead of resorting to cheap VFX is understandable \u2014 and even commendable \u2014 but things turn monotonous after the first couple of scenes as he has just one scare trick up his sleeve. Even the revelation in the final portions fails to generate any excitement."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "euGU272g1qg"}