{"tmdb_id": 337607, "title": "Call Me Helen", "original_title": "Mein Sohn Helen", "slug_title": "call-me-helen", "date": "2015-04-22", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Is. This. My. Son? No matter how often Tobias Wilke poses this question, there's always only one answer: Yes! Tobias, can't believe his eyes when he comes to the airport to pick up his 17-year-old son Finn \u2013 and learns that Finn is now calling herself Helen and wearing girls' clothes. Finn/Helen reveals that she's always felt like a girl, and that she used her year abroad in San Francisco to pass the \"everyday life\" test. This is required by law for everyone preparing for the sex-change operation they will undergo upon reaching majority. Reactions from Helen's friends, acquaintances and schoolmates cover the entire gamut from derision to solidarity. Especially Helen's father, a well-known chef, finds it difficult to accept a situation he cannot understand. But Helen nearly always finds the right words - and humor - to counterbalance the ignorance and jeers of those around her. It is the beginning of a long, winding road towards the sexual identity she is convinced is hers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yWKgs70oadLv0z82s0VnPO5sXuT.jpg", "actors": ["Heino Ferch (Tobias Wilke)", "Jannik Sch\u00fcmann (Finn Helen Wilke)", "Winnie B\u00f6we (Diana Calis)", "Judith Rosmair (Gabi Sch\u00e4fer)", "Beatrice Richter (Frau Wilke)", "Rafael Gareisen (Christopher Funke)", "Kyra Sophia Kahre (Jasmin Thalheimer)", "Timur Bartels (Adrian Peschel)", "Zoe Moore (Louisa Atalay)", "\u00d6zg\u00fcr Karadeniz (Boris Atalay)", "Sanne Schnapp (Petra Atalay)", "Thilo Prothmann (Helge Schott)", "Milena Drei\u00dfig (Mimi Schott)", "Luc Feit (Dr.Noak)", "Hauke Petersen (Theo Kalkbrenner)", "Irene Rindje (Frau Moor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}