{"tmdb_id": 337703, "title": "La Tortue rouge", "original_title": "La tortue rouge", "slug_title": "la-tortue-rouge", "date": "2016-06-29", "genre": ["Animation / Drame / Fantastique / Familial"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 travers l\u2019histoire d\u2019un naufrag\u00e9 sur une \u00eele d\u00e9serte tropicale peupl\u00e9e de tortues, de crabes et d\u2019oiseaux, La Tortue rouge raconte les grandes \u00e9tapes de la vie d\u2019un \u00eatre humain.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wOBU3SLjQ9358Km9YWYasPZyebp.jpg", "actors": ["Emmanuel Garijo (Father)", "Tom Hudson (Young Adult Son)", "Baptiste Goy (Child Son)", "Axel Devillers (Baby)", "Barbara Beretta (Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Man always needs a purpose.**\r\n\r\nSince the Hollywood upgraded to the 3D animation, the rest of the world took over and given some incredible films in the last one and half decades. The Japanese animes are undoubtedly the best, but the European animation, particularly the 2D animation started to boom in the recent times with special mention goes to Tomm Moore. So basically I might miss some Hollywood animations, right now, but I'm very watchful over this kind of films. That's how I watched it, but anyway I would have seen it.\r\n\r\nThis is the director's first feature animation film, but he was known for his awesome short animations which one of them won him an Oscar. It was jointly produced by three countries, including Japan's Studio Ghibli. It's their first non-Japanese production and a great beginning and timing to expand the production in other continents. Especially after their legend, Hayao Miyazaki retired from the filmmaking.\r\n\r\nThe film was short like the 80 minute stretch without a single word spoken in its entire narration. There's no even sign language used, everything's actions and reactions. So you would find empty in the film's cast section which is kind of weird. I mean there are characters in the film, but all were imaginations without names and what year it takes place, where with so many questions like that. Basically to say, a film without the cast, but the crew members managed to give the best to the viewers to get it without any struggle.\r\n\r\nOne thing is for sure, that the film is very enjoyable. It is a fantasy film, so whatever you see, you have to accept it. Because that's how things happen in a theme like this, all fictional. Though, the first thing you have to keep in your mind is not the entire film was an hallucination event. There are some dreamy events and that's fine since the film character is coping with loneliness.\r\n\r\nA man who had lost at sea, wakes up in a small island. It's a life supporting land mass with fresh water and fruits, but he also has to put some effort for fishing. His notion is to leave the island as soon as possible to go back to where he had come from, the civilised world. In his every attempt to sail with a raft he had made using bamboos, fails to cross after a certain stretch of the island coast. He later comes to know what stopped him and with an anger reaction he commits a mistake. So now he has to come out of the guilt and to do that he chooses what seems the right.\r\n\r\nIt was like a simple story without any meaning about everything that's shown in it. So in my entire watch I thought the same and said it was an okay film with great animation. But the ending changed my stance. That twist, I don't think everybody would understand. But one thing I want to make sure if you yet to see it, that it was about the purpose. The man always looks for a reason to do things and even to live or die. That's where the red turtle comes in.\r\n\r\nAlthough my biggest question is, is this film a follow-up or in any way connected to the director's previous short animation 'Father and Daughter'? Because it seems the man who got lost in the sea is from that short film. But it never revealed the reason why he was stopped by whomever from return home. Also, both the conclusions syncs. It's just a my theory, so only the director can explain that.\r\n\r\nI'm very sure this film is in the Oscars race. If it fails to make, then its not my prediction was wrong, but the Academy Awards people got it all wrong. I'm also sure it won't win as 3D animation dominated world, particularly 'Zootopia' 'Finding Dory' and 'Moana' are taking the first three frontrunner spots. Except the technical differences, only the grown ups can say this one has a better and meaningful story. It is very similar to 'Ponyo', but a grown-up's version. Anyway, it is a must see film, especially the adults and in particular those who always think animation is for children. If they see it, they might change their mind. Highly recommended!\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Norsk", "content": "The Red Turtle is a dialogue free film. That may turn a lot of people off. However, it fit the mood of the movie perfectly. It's a fantasy film that is filled with pure undefiled love. You will find yourself wanting your own family after this one. The ending is left open to interpretation but only makes the plot seem that much more interesting when you try to unravel who/what is the Red Turtle. A definite watch for those looking for more than the typical Hollywood blockbuster."}], "recommandations_id": [149871, 393559, 374475, 48617], "youtube_key": "t1Yw3AVDr6U"}