{"tmdb_id": 33811, "title": "Incident de fronti\u00e8re", "original_title": "Border Incident", "slug_title": "incident-de-frontiere", "date": "1949-10-28", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Un gang d\u00e9livre de faux permis \u00e0 des travailleurs mexicains afin de leur faire passer la fronti\u00e8re entre les \u00c9tats-Unis et le Mexique et de s'embaucher chez des fermiers. Un agent f\u00e9d\u00e9ral mexicain, Pablo Rodriguez, se m\u00eale \u00e0 la main-d'\u0153uvre, alors qu'un de ses coll\u00e8gues am\u00e9ricain, Jack Bearnes, doit lui pr\u00eater main forte, une fois la fronti\u00e8re franchie. Mais, bien vite, les deux hommes se trouvent confront\u00e9s au puissant \u00e9leveur, Owen Parkson, qui est en fait le v\u00e9ritable chef de la bande...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/TwPyms4MYHQmziLiICbqad6GbG.jpg", "actors": ["Ricardo Montalban (Pablo Rodriguez)", "George Murphy (Jack Bearnes)", "Howard Da Silva (Owen Parkson)", "James Mitchell (Juan Garcia)", "Arnold Moss (Zopilote)", "Alfonso Bedoya (Cuchillo)", "Teresa Celli (Maria)", "Charles McGraw (Jeff Amboy)", "Jos\u00e9 Torvay (Pocoloco)", "John Ridgely (Mr. Neley)", "Arthur Hunnicutt (Clayton Nordell)", "Sig Ruman (Hugo Wolfgang Ulrich)", "Otto Waldis (Fritz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Police and Snakes Are First Cousins.\r\n\r\nBorder Incident is directed by Anthony Mann and adapted to screenplay by John C. Higgins from the George Zuckerman story. It stars Ricardo Montalban, George Murphy, Howard Da Silva, Charles McGraw, Arthur Hunnicutt and James Mitchell. Music is by Andre Previn and cinematography by John Alton.\r\n\r\nThe great Anthony Mann creates what is the perfect crossover movie that blends film noir style with western shadings. Mann would next go on to make the well regarded psychological westerns with James Stewart, Border Incident is the tasty meat in his noir/western sandwich.\r\n\r\nIn essence it's a remake of T-Men, only Mann and his team have shifted away from a hustle and bustle city setting to tell a story down on the sweaty American/Mexico border. We are probing into immigration issues, human smuggling and the abuse of such, Mann and his writers daring to portray the human suffering of farm workers from Mexico, lured in as slave labour, only to then be abused and used and much worse...\r\n\r\nHaving the legendary Alton on photography duties aids the downbeat thematics considerably, whilst also deftly averting attention from what is a pretty bog standard script, the low budgets never a problem where Mann and Alton were concerned. In fact, in noirville they worked it to their advantage with some striking lighting techniques and camera movements. \r\n\r\nThe pic is often vicious, sadistic even, landing violent scenes in the conscious that refuse to move until it's all over and the screen goes blank. Suspense is never far away in Border Incident, with a mostly on form cast (George Murphy is uneven as McGraw does nasty brilliantly) bringing the material to life as the dream team cloak it all in pictorial assertiveness. Not in the same league as Raw Deal, but highly recommended for reasons already stated. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38395, 76121, 32887, 26838], "youtube_key": "oxJK2w3Hc0I"}