{"tmdb_id": 338100, "title": "Grace Stirs Up Success", "original_title": "Grace Stirs Up Success", "slug_title": "grace-stirs-up-success", "date": "2015-06-23", "genre": ["Familial"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Grace is excited for the summer so she can start a business with her friends, but things take an unexpected turn when her mom announces a trip to Paris. There, Grace must learn to get along with her French cousin, Sylvie, and she finds unexpected inspiration for her business. Then, Grace finds out her grandparents bakery, that inspired her to start a business, is closing. Can she and her friends find a way to save it?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AdTFs2YElsxfuWIBdkv1Vjo2jhW.jpg", "actors": ["Olivia Rodrigo (Grace Thomas)", "Caitlin Carmichael (Maddy)", "Virginia Madsen (Mrs. Thomas)", "Lili Bord\u00e1n (Aunt Sophie)", "Eloise Webb (Sylvie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When an enthusiastic baker's skill was tested.\r\n\r\nThe ninth film in the 'American Girl' series, in that, fourth straight film for the director. Honestly, I have not seen all the films in the series, but I enjoyed those I've watched. This is a decent movie for all, especially for the families with the kids to watch on the weekend. I was not expecting it to be a fantastic, because children's films have certain limits and I know that very well. Usually the filmmakers push for a G or a PG tag for their product, that's why a film like this always appears to be so cheerful, and at a time silly as well.\r\n\r\nA typical 'American Girl' movie, but only the theme was different. This time it is about the baking. A young girl Grace is passionate in baking who thinks one day she's going to take over her grandparents' bakery. In the summer holiday, she's forced to drop her all the plans with her two best friends, after an unexpected visit to aunt's in the Paris is decided. There she meets her cousin Sylvie who's not friendly and uncle who runs a small bakery with the quality foods. The cultural difference makes her to struggle to understand the French way of baking, but in the end she overcomes it and decides to take it back to the home to save her grandparents' troubled bakery.\r\n\r\n> \"Take risks. That's how you make amazing things happen.\"\r\n\r\nIn the several occasions I had postponed watching this for no reasons, but finally I saw this now. To declare it is a good or a bad movie is a very tough decision, but I can say I enjoyed watching it. Not all the adults going to like it, because there are too many scenes that feels so stupid for the matured people like us, especially the dog parts that makes us to say 'whaaat?'. But that is usual and expected in 'American Girl' films, so you have to ignore it if you decide to try it. There won't be any similar issues with the children, especially the girls who are the ones going to enjoy it more than anybody of us.\r\n\r\nA simple movie about baking, that means it is not going to demonstrate how to bake bakery items for us, but still it inspires the kids. One thing is for sure, after watching this you will definitely feel you want to taste a delicious cupcake. Most of the cast was new to me, except Virginia Madsen. But everyone was good in their respective roles, especially the new face who played the title role. This is not an easy movie to suggest, but if you got a young girl in your house like a niece or a daughter, definitely worth it to show them and a reason for us to join them, especially to know how much they adore it.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}