{"tmdb_id": 338729, "title": "Beauty Inside", "original_title": "\ubdf0\ud2f0 \uc778\uc0ac\uc774\ub4dc", "slug_title": "beauty-inside", "date": "2015-08-20", "genre": ["Fantastique / Romance"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Depuis ses dix-huit ans, Woo-jin se r\u00e9veille chaque matin avec un visage et un corps diff\u00e9rents ! Homme, femme, vieillard, gosse, black, blanc, chauve, cul-de-jatte, \u00e9clop\u00e9, tout y passe\u2026 Seules deux personnes dans la confidence : sa m\u00e8re et son meilleur pote, devenu son associ\u00e9 dans la fabrication de meubles personnalis\u00e9s. Mais voil\u00e0 : quand il rencontre la superbe Yi-soo, les choses vont m\u00e9chamment se g\u00e2ter, car Woo-jin tombe amoureux et veut conserver cette relation durablement. Comment ? En ne dormant plus du tout  : au pire, il aura l'air d'un d\u00e9terr\u00e9, mais au moins sa t\u00eate ne changera pas\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lz45jesBf340k5bvCvpnVJC9rg0.jpg", "actors": ["Han Hyo-joo (Yi-soo)", "Kim Dae-myung (Woo-jin)", "Do Ji-han (Woo-jin)", "Bae Seong-woo (Woo-jin)", "Park Shin-hye (Woo-jin)", "Lee Beom-soo (Woo-jin)", "Park Seo-jun (Woo-jin)", "Kim Sang-ho (Woo-jin)", "Chun Woo-hee (Woo-jin)", "Juri Ueno (Woo-jin)", "Lee Jae-Joon (Woo-jin)", "Kim Min-jae (Woo-jin)", "Lee Hyun-woo (Woo-jin)", "Jo Dal-hwan (Woo-jin)", "Lee Jin-wook (Woo-jin)", "Seo Kang-joon (Woo-jin)", "Kim Hee-won (Woo-jin)", "Lee Dong-wook (Woo-jin)", "Go Ah-sung (Woo-jin)", "Kim Joo-hyuk (Woo-jin)", "Yoo Yeon-seok (Woo-jin)", "Lee Dong-hwi (Sang-baek)", "Mun Suk (Woo-jin's mother)", "Lee Kyung-young (Woo-Jin's father)", "Shin Dong-mi (Yi-soo's boss)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Some people really change. From the outside.\r\n\r\nIf you watch this, I think you definitely bring the recent 'The Cobbler', 'The Deaths of Ian Stone' and many other high-concept films into the frame. Yep, it had a zero innovation, but smartly redesigned to bring a different outcome. Actually, it was based on the online film/series (aka social film) of the same name and also heard it was very similar to the book 'Every Day' by David Levithan. My thought is, it did not stand up to my expectation, but very easy to follow and overall, I think it was not a bad movie.\r\n\r\nIf you are a fantasy film fan, then you should try it. A very fascinating fictional movie, that associated with romance. That means it's not your regular emotional-romantic-drama from Korea, but well pitched over all the complication in a relationship when a person is suffering from such a strange disorder. Just like the films 'The Time Traveler's Wife', '50 First Dates' and other similar ones about relationship problems.\r\n\r\nThe first one hour was so good, like everything happened in that period itself. From a simple introduction to a few of fun stuff, until the romance track takes over. The next half was kind of a drag, none any interesting events take place other than keep going blindly like it lost its way out. In those stages, most of the scenes would appear as you are anticipating. Somewhat weaken its strength in storytelling. Since this theme was atypical, on that basis, it makes a vast difference to keep us to stick with it.\r\n\r\n> \"People say true beauty lies inside,\r\n> but first impressions are equally important.\"\r\n\r\nAnyway, once you begin to watch an unusual love story like this, definitely you can't end it in the middle without knowing the conclusion. I feel, the end was okayish, no twist as you will know in the earlier itself, where it is heading. So nothing special at all, but it finishes it off quite a simple way. The only annoyance is that it was a 2 long hour movie, should have not exceeded more than 90 to 100 minute mark. What I'm saying is not an issue of falling into the boredom, but a stretch that should have remained short and sweet for a lovely film like this.\r\n\r\nThe actors were excellent, but the interesting thing among them was those who are all played the most important role, Woo-Jin. I have seen plenty of high-concept flicks, but I have never seen so many actors (definitely more than 100 actors) playing a same role in a one movie. The appearance was kept changing, but the director did a good job to keep them all at the same pace and intensity to bring Woo-Jin as a single character in behaviour.\r\n\r\nThese days, there's a high expectation for the movies coming out from the Korea. There are vast people around the world who follow either staggering crime-thriller or the sweet romantic-comedies from this region. I know when they take this up, they expect it to better Hollywood and European films. In that perspective, it will disappoint them, because I felt it was a great concept that fell into an ordinary for a few reasons. If you keep your mind narrow, then it might make your time worth spending for it. Personally, I liked it, but my only concern was the third act and a bit lengthy.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [318754, 107235, 86000, 128246], "youtube_key": "notfound"}