{"tmdb_id": 338964, "title": "Bad Santa 2", "original_title": "Bad Santa 2", "slug_title": "bad-santa-2", "date": "2016-11-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Toujours aussi fan de whisky, Willie Soke et son petit sidekick Marcus sont de retour dans les rues de Chicago la veille de No\u00ebl pour faire la charit\u00e9. Mais cette ann\u00e9e Willie va voir sa m\u00e8re d\u00e9barquer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y3kVZVknjDeLZSanLewaXsuwP12.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Bob Thornton (Willie Soke)", "Kathy Bates (Sunny Soke)", "Brett Kelly (Thurman Merman)", "Tony Cox (Marcus Skidmore)", "Christina Hendricks (Diane Hastings)", "Ryan Hansen (Regent Hastings)", "Cristina Rosato (Alice)", "Octavia Spencer (Opal)", "Jenny Zigrino (Gina De Luca)", "Jeff Skowron (Dorfman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The return of the bad Santa!**\r\n\r\nI did not expect this sequel, especially not after 13 years. Even the first film has been just a good for me. I won't say it was an unnecessary follow up. They retained main cast, well, only lead two plus the boy who is now in his early 20s. A similar pattern storyline. If you have already seen the previous one, you would know what to expect from it, but not how much and that was the main issue with this. So anyone would predict the scenes, as well as the twist. Like most of the sequels, it indeed weakened. Though somewhat enjoyable for the good performances.\r\n\r\nR rated comedy. That's another advantage for the grownup audience. But if you aren't a fan of that thematic, then it is even worse than what it's rated everywhere. The length was good, a simple plot, yet the characters had not seriously developed, particularly the new ones. The big excuse was it is a comedy film. They all just came in and straight away displayed whatever they were up to as if we knew them very well. Despite an average film, it can be watched once, even if you liked or not the first part. And it is mainly because of Billy Bob Thornton.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A massive drop in quality compared to the first _Bad Santa_ movie, and although Kathy Bates was a welcome addition to the series, based on this entry, I don't think we're likely to ever see a _Bad Santa 3_. \r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product_."}], "recommandations_id": [10147, 485517, 482004, 384682], "youtube_key": "HGcZxBNNpKM"}