{"tmdb_id": 338952, "title": "Les animaux fantastiques - Les crimes de Grindelwald", "original_title": "Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald", "slug_title": "les-animaux-fantastiques-les-crimes-de-grindelwald", "date": "2018-11-14", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique / Aventure"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "1927 : Quelques mois apr\u00e8s sa capture, le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre sorcier Gellert Grindelwald s'\u00e9vade comme il l'avait promis et de fa\u00e7on spectaculaire. R\u00e9unissant de plus en plus de partisans, il est \u00e0 l'origine d'attaque d'humains normaux par des sorciers et seul celui qu'il consid\u00e9rait autrefois comme un ami, Albus Dumbledore, semble capable de l'arr\u00eater. Mais Dumbledore va devoir faire appel au seul sorcier ayant d\u00e9jou\u00e9 les plans de Grindelwald auparavant : son ancien \u00e9l\u00e8ve Norbert Dragonneau. L'aventure qui les attend r\u00e9unit Norbert avec Tina, Queenie et Jacob, mais cette mission va \u00e9galement tester la loyaut\u00e9 de chacun face aux nouveaux dangers qui se dressent sur leur chemin, dans un monde magique plus dangereux et divis\u00e9 que jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fMMrl8fD9gRCFJvsx0SuFwkEOop.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Redmayne (Newt Scamander)", "Katherine Waterston (Porpentina \"Tina\" Goldstein)", "Alison Sudol (Queenie Goldstein)", "Johnny Depp (Gellert Grindelwald)", "Jude Law (Albus Dumbledore)", "Dan Fogler (Jacob Kowalski)", "Ezra Miller (Credence Barebone)", "Zo\u00eb Kravitz (Leta Lestrange)", "Callum Turner (Theseus Scamander)", "Claudia Kim (Nagini / The Maledictus)", "Carmen Ejogo (Seraphina Picquery)", "Jessica Williams (Eulalie Hicks)", "William Nadylam (Yusuf Kama)", "Ingvar Eggert Sigur\u00f0sson (Grimmson)", "\u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson (Skender)", "Kevin Guthrie (Abernathy)", "Brontis Jodorowsky (Nicolas Flamel)", "Derek Riddell (Torquil Travers)", "David Sakurai (Krall)", "Fiona Glascott (Minerva McGonagall)", "Wolf Roth (Spielman)", "Victoria Yeates (Bunty)", "Poppy Corby-Tuech (Vinda Rosier)", "Cornell John (Arnold Guzman)", "Sabine Crossen (Mrs. Lestrange)", "Claudius Peters (Nagel)", "Bart Soroczynski (Stebbins)", "Danielle Hugues (Irma Dugard)", "Alfie Simmons (McClaggan)", "Isaac Cortinovis Johnson (McClaggan's Friend)", "Olivia Popica (Receptionist)", "Alfie Mailley (Child in Bubble)", "Simon Wan (Auror Chang)", "Morrison Thomas (Old Carnie)", "Andrew Turner (MacDuff)", "Linda Santiago (Credence's Aunt)", "Alfrun Rose (Red Haired Young Witch)", "Maja Bloom (Carrow)", "Olwen Fou\u00e9r\u00e9 (Melusine)", "Simon Meacock (Krafft)", "David Wilmot (Portkey Trout)", "Ed Gaughan (French Policeman)", "Jamie Campbell Bower (Young Grindelwald)", "Toby Regbo (Young Dumbledore)", "Hugh Quarshie (Mustafa Kama)", "Isaura Barb\u00e9-Brown (Laurena Kama)", "Keith Chanter (Corvus Lestrange Senior)", "Jemima Woolnough (Gryffindor Girl)", "Hollie Burgess (Gryffindor Girl)", "Thea Lamb (Young Leta Lestrange (13-16 Years Old))", "Joshua Shea (Young Newt (13-16 Years Old))", "Isaac Domingos (Yusuf Kama (12 Years Old))", "Ruby Woolfenden (Young Leta Lestrange (3-6 Years Old))", "Johanna Thea (Ministry of Magic Witch (uncredited))", "Liv Hansen (Ministry of Magic Witch (uncredited))", "Israel Ruiz (Ministry of Magic Wizard (uncredited))", "Jag Patel (Senior Wizard (uncredited))", "Nick Owenford (Circus Wizard (uncredited))", "Tahir Burhan (Wizard (uncredited))", "Deepak Anand (Wizard (uncredited))", "Alexandra Ford (Acolyte (uncredited))", "Andrew Blackall (The Rowdy Frenchman (uncredited))", "Christopher Birks (Young Auror-Auditorium (uncredited))", "Phil Hodges (Prisoner 001 (uncredited))", "Michael Haydon (Shopkeeper (uncredited))", "Tim Ingall (Spectrum (uncredited))", "Stephen McDade (Cirque Arcanus Worker (uncredited))", "Jeremy Oliver (Circus passerby (uncredited))", "Dave Simon (Muggle at Circus (uncredited))", "Jason Redshaw (Chef (uncredited))", "Callum Forman (Doorman (uncredited))", "Ryan Hannaford (Sailor (uncredited))", "Donna Preston (Circus Compare (uncredited))", "Nasir Jama (Macusa Prison (uncredited))", "Aykut Hilmi (Shafiq (uncredited))", "Natalie Lauren (Parisian Woman (uncredited))", "Annarie Boor (Wand Seller (uncredited))", "Deano Bugatti (Muggle (uncredited))", "Bernardo Santos (Muggle (uncredited))", "Connor Wolf (Muggle (uncredited))", "Sean Gislingham (Muggle (uncredited))", "Adrian Wheeler (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Sean Coleman (Teenager in House (uncredited))", "Andy Summers (New Yorker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "geekr", "content": "_By JD Phillips, geekr.org_\r\n\r\nThe Harry Potter movies are great but one of the main flaws of the original franchise was the struggle the films had condensing the lengthy novels into movies under three hours. Despite the Fantastic Beasts sequel not being based on a book, it still somehow feels like its stressing to condense a five hundred page book into a smaller narrative.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe movie runs from scenario to scenario so quickly that it\u2019s hard to remember what all happened in its muddled story. That\u2019s not to say the film is terrible at all, surprisingly. For a movie that has serious pacing problems throughout and has more interest in setting up sequels than it is at finding a memorable plot of its own, it\u2019s actually very entertaining.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe returning cast members are all back and while none leave quite the impression they did before they\u2019re all still entertaining in their own way. Newt is back but the movie doesn\u2019t seem nearly as interested in him and his magical monsters than it is with all of the new elements. Redmayne is still terrific in the role, however, and makes the character much more interesting than the script does by itself.\r\n\r\n\r\nJacob and Tina are back as well though both of their stories are shelved for most of the film and completely forgotten in the final moments.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe biggest surprise though is that Queenie gets the best arc of any character in the movie. She was one of the more interesting characters in the original and while many of the twists in the film fall flat, the one involving her character was my favorite moment of the entire movie. I\u2019m more excited to see her story resolved than I am most of the other elements.\r\n\r\n\r\nIt shouldn\u2019t surprise anyone who has seen the trailers that the new characters kind of take over the film from the returning players. Jude Law and Johnny Depp\u2019s Dumbledore and Grindelwald are what this film is more focused on than any other plot element.\r\n\r\n\r\nBoth veteran actors shine so much that the movie loses energy when they aren\u2019t on screen. Law effortlessly settles into Dumbledore\u2019s twinkly-eyed wise, yet manipulative schtick.\r\n\r\n\r\nDepp also kills it as Grindelwald. In fact, it pains me to say this because of how much of an ass the actor is in real life, this is the most I\u2019ve liked Depp as a performer since his first time playing Jack Sparrow. He avoids most of the oddball antics he\u2019s been milking for so many years and delivers a subdued, terrifying performance as Grindelwald. He more than holds his own against Ralph Fiennes, which is saying something.\r\n\r\n\r\nOther new players are a mixed bag. Zoe Kravitz\u2019s Leta Lastrange is an interesting character but none of the others really stand out. Newt\u2019s brother Theseus is a particularly big missed opportunity. The film never adequately explains what caused the rivalry between the two Scamanders and it all gets resolved before there\u2019s a chance to go into it more. Claudia Kim\u2019s Nagini may have caused a big stir when she was announced in one of the trailers but very little is actually done with her character. It feels more like a stunt than anything else.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe biggest stunt comes from the big reveal in the end featuring Ezra Miller\u2019s Credence. There\u2019s a huge twist that not only breaks established history but feels extremely forced. For one, the movie never really explains how Credence came back to life in the first place. It feels like Ezra Miller became a bigger commodity for DC since he is the Flash so now the franchise is committing more to him than initially intended. There was no hint at all in the first movie that he was secretly connected to existing characters in a big way, so it seems out of left field. Regardless, I love Ezra Miller and hope the twist gets him better material in the future.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe movie doesn\u2019t feel much like a Fantastic Beasts franchise anymore but when it does focus on its titular magical creatures, it really shines. The design and concept of the creatures lead to some of the best visuals of the entire Harry Potter pantheon. In fact, it feels like a real shame that we can\u2019t get a smaller franchise that is just about Newt\u2019s magical zoological adventures. The quieter moments of the movies where Newt is just connecting with a magical animal on its own terms are truly beautiful. Unfortunately, these moments get overtaken by the larger story around them.\r\n\r\n\r\nI feel like this franchise is straining to be two different franchises at the same time. It would almost make more sense to separate them into a smaller scale \u201cFantastic Beasts\u201d franchise and a larger scale \u201cCrimes of Grindelwald\u201d franchise. This mishmash of different ideas is feeling a little too much like the Hobbit films.\r\n\r\n\r\nSomehow though, despite all of the messiness of the movie\u2019s screenplay, I still found myself entertained throughout. While it may never hit the heights of its legendary predecessors, this film easily proves that the Wizarding World still has lots of magic left. Maybe the executives at Warner Bros should consider other avenues like television or other films so that Newt\u2019s film series doesn\u2019t carry the weight of one of the most magical film series ever.\r\n\r\n\r\n\u201cFantastic Beasts: Crimes of Grindelwald\u201d may not rise to the levels one would hope for, it still proves itself to be worth your time, if even just for one viewing.\r\n\r\n\r\n**7.0**"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The first Fantastic Beasts movie was excellent. It was a bright and magical adventure. This one is going down another path and I cannot say that I was overly thrilled by that.\r\n\r\nThis movie is putting emphasis on political machinations, division between the wizards and the non-wizards, betrayals etc. etc. Take away the magic component and you really have a fairly regular racial-differences, humans are bad and all that, movie of the kind that Hollywood is all too eager to mass produce these days. Sure it is not as blunt, preachy and totally ridiculous as a lot of their creations but still \u2026 not the path I wanted these movies to take.\r\n\r\nAt least there are plenty of magic and beasts around in this movie to make the dark and, at times, boring story a bit more compelling. The magic and the beasts, i.e. the special effects, are really the most enjoyable part of this movie.\r\n\r\nI was not too keen about Newt already in the first movie and he is not any better in this one. He is simply too nerdy and insecure for my taste. I prefer main protagonists that are more assertive and active. Having said that he is still a likable chap in general. Queenie is still annoying as hell though.\r\n\r\nI was very positively surprised by Johnny Depp as Grindelwald though. I was not at all sure that his normal half crazy and comical acting style would make for a good main bad guy. However, he worked very well in the role. \r\n\r\nThe end is pretty much a big cliffhanger and not exactly on a good note. This is actually a fairly sad movie overall which is perhaps one reason that I, personally, did not feel overly impressed by it. That is not too say that it is not a good movie. It is just that is is not the kind of story I hoped for."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The first Fantastic Beasts movie was excellent. It was a bright and magical adventure. This one is going down another path and I cannot say that I was overly thrilled by that.\r\n\r\nThis movie is putting emphasis on political machinations, division between the wizards and the non-wizards, betrayals etc. etc. Take away the magic component and you really have a fairly regular racial-differences, humans are bad and all that, movie of the kind that Hollywood is all too eager to mass produce these days. Sure it is not as blunt, preachy and totally ridiculous as a lot of their creations but still \u2026 not the path I wanted these movies to take.\r\n\r\nAt least there are plenty of magic and beasts around in this movie to make the dark and, at times, boring story a bit more compelling. The magic and the beasts, i.e. the special effects, are really the most enjoyable part of this movie.\r\n\r\nI was not too keen about Newt already in the first movie and he is not any better in this one. He is simply too nerdy and insecure for my taste. I prefer main protagonists that are more assertive and active. Having said that he is still a likable chap in general. Queenie is still annoying as hell though.\r\n\r\nI was very positively surprised by Johnny Depp as Grindelwald though. I was not at all sure that his normal half crazy and comical acting style would make for a good main bad guy. However, he worked very well in the role. \r\n\r\nThe end is pretty much a big cliffhanger and not exactly on a good note. This is actually a fairly sad movie overall which is perhaps one reason that I, personally, did not feel overly impressed by it. That is not too say that it is not a good movie. It is just that is is not the kind of story I hoped for."}, {"pseudo": "trineo03", "content": "First of all, just like in the last movie the acting in this film is excellent but with a few exceptions. Eddie Redmayne was still excellent as Newt but I think he did a better job in the first film. Same thing with Dan Fogler who didn\u2019t seem as funny but useless and could have just been written out of this film. But I did really like Jude Law as a young Dumbledore and Joshua Shea who plays young Newt. Joshua played younger Newt so well that he actually looked like a younger version of Eddie. Jude Law brought the same kind of attitude towards Dumbledore that we all know and love. The special effects and set designs still looked marvellous. The creatures special effects just like last time were great and looked like if we saw them in real life that\u2019s what they would look like. The sets looked directly like they got taken directly out of a history book. Now with this film being a sequel, you would think they would fix the problems they had in the last film but for this one, they didn\u2018t. The main thing that bugged me was Johnny Depp. He didn\u2019t do a good job of playing the main villain. It could be because of the writing or just because of his acting. Next is all of the subplots. I counted there are around four of them. But seeing how I couldn\u2019t really figure out the main plot one of those subplots could have been the main plot. The last thing is the pacing in this film. Some scenes just seemed like the plot stopped for this one scene that could have just been taken out. The entire film felt really slow and only in the action scenes did it seem to pick up. At least the music was good. In the end, Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald just seemed like a cash grab film. I give Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald a 5.5/10."}], "recommandations_id": [297802, 363088, 335983, 424694], "youtube_key": "5sEaYB4rLFQ"}