{"tmdb_id": 339079, "title": "A Country Called Home", "original_title": "A Country Called Home", "slug_title": "a-country-called-home", "date": "2016-02-26", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "La vie d'une jeune femme est boulevers\u00e9e par la mort de son p\u00e8re, qu'elle n'a que tr\u00e8s peu connu. Elle revient sur les traces de son enfance, au fin fond du Texas, dans une toute petite ville...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zMtmTtnI4GojzNoT3pFUiRq3FtI.jpg", "actors": ["Imogen Poots (Ellie Edwards)", "Mackenzie Davis (Reno Thacker)", "Mary McCormack (Amanda)", "Ryan Bingham (Jack)", "June Squibb (Judy Edwards)", "Norman Bennett (Bruce Edwards)", "Shea Whigham (Cole Edwards)", "Presley Jack Bowen (Tommy)", "Joe Stevens (Roger)", "Josh Helman (James)", "Melanie Haynes (Brenda Thacker)", "John Merriman (Sammy)", "Peggy Schott (Susan)", "Larry Jack Dotson (Mr. Harris)", "Kay Epperson (Hannah)", "Cassandra L. Small (Jessica)", "Carlson Young (Katie)", "J. Alan Nelson (Mark Edwards)", "Nancy Nave (Ticket Agent)", "Richard Jackson (Hardware Store Owner)", "Steve Uzzell (Priest)", "Tatiana Panovich (Mom at Dairy Queen)", "William C May (Kid at Dairy Queen)", "Sam Henderson (Mailman)", "Shelby Davenport (Bank Manager)", "Jessica Schwartz (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Time heals the pain!**\r\n\r\nA feel good indie film. I expected a complete drama, probably realistic and nothing more. It was slightly hopping around with different genres. Yeah, there were some fun, though how the tale had begun and how the rest of the narration shaped up was not so blendful. A young woman returns home after learning about her father's sudden death. It was the first visit after many years, especially since her mother's death. She also for the first time meets her grandparents. This trip is a different experience. The short stay extents, and then she meets Reno, a singer who stuck in the plac due to her mother. From there how the rest of the story unfolds is told decently.\r\n\r\nIt had characters, the great ones. The story too, but not all the scenes were so great. Particularly Reno made this film a bit cheerful. Usually indie films are one-off, but I thought they should make another one. Because feels there's more to add to it, like a road trip, followed by the rest of their lifeline in LA. Or maybe a prequel seems good too. If you like drama films, you would enjoy it. But not for everyone. Imogen was good, I liked somebody like her accepted the role. Then Mackenzie Davis and others too were good. Not many people had seen it, for that reason itself, it deserves to be watched. Forget the film critics, just try it and rate it.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [333358, 265347, 360284, 308980]}