{"tmdb_id": 339397, "title": "Caf\u00e9 Society", "original_title": "Caf\u00e9 Society", "slug_title": "cafe-society", "date": "2016-05-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "New York, dans les ann\u00e9es 30. Coinc\u00e9 entre des parents conflictuels, un fr\u00e8re gangster et la bijouterie familiale, Bobby Dorfman a le sentiment d'\u00e9touffer ! Il d\u00e9cide donc de tenter sa chance \u00e0 Hollywood o\u00f9 son oncle Phil, puissant agent de stars, accepte de l'engager comme coursier. \u00c0 Hollywood, Bobby ne tarde pas \u00e0 tomber amoureux. Malheureusement, la belle n'est pas libre et il doit se contenter de son amiti\u00e9. Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 elle d\u00e9barque chez lui pour lui annoncer que son petit ami vient de rompre. Soudain, l'horizon s'\u00e9claire pour Bobby et l'amour semble \u00e0 port\u00e9e de main\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hRrF8R32WIldNEMLOhtNrz9OfAZ.jpg", "actors": ["Jesse Eisenberg (Bobby Dorfman)", "Kristen Stewart (Vonnie Sybil)", "Steve Carell (Phil Stern)", "Blake Lively (Veronica Hayes)", "Parker Posey (Rad Taylor)", "Corey Stoll (Ben Dorfman)", "Jeannie Berlin (Rose Dorfman)", "Ken Stott (Marty Dorfman)", "Anna Camp (Candy)", "Paul Schneider (Steve)", "Stephen Kunken (Leonard)", "Sari Lennick (Evelyn Dorfman)", "Tony Sirico (Vito)", "Sheryl Lee (Karen Stern)", "Richard Portnow (Walt)", "Woody Allen (Narrator (voice))", "Todd Weeks (Oscar)", "Paul Schackman (Al)", "Jodi Carlisle (Maid)", "Laurel Griggs (Evelyn's Daughter)", "Saul Stein (Ben's Hood)", "Craig Walker (Ben's Hood)", "Gabriel Millman (Ben's Hood)", "Edward James Hyland (Bobby's Neighbor)", "John Doumanian (Bartender)", "Don Stark (Sol)", "Gregg Binkley (Mike)", "Anthony DiMaria (Howard)", "Shae D'Lyn (Carlotta)", "Steve Routman (School Principal)", "William H. Burns (Policeman)", "Lev Gorn (Eddie)", "Steve Rosen (Louis)", "Kaili Vernoff (Fur Lady)", "Douglas McGrath (Norman)", "David Pittu (Roger)", "Taylor Carr (Rosalind)", "Rob Joseph Leonard (Mr. Rhinebeck)", "Lauren Susan (Mrs. Rhinebeck)", "Courtney C. Clark (Mrs. Rhinebeck's Sister)", "Debra Lord Cooke (Suzy Bancroft)", "Maurice Sonnenberg (Count Van Goren)", "Elissa Piszel (Countess Van Goren)", "Bettina Bilger (Gloria Bennett)", "Kelly Rohrbach ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A boy from the east, a girl from the west and their life choice over romance.**\r\n\r\nIf you are a film fanatic or a film critic, then the year never comes to end without watching a film by Woody Allen. He's just a Takashi Miike of the Hollywood, but the thing is he always delivers. He had created his own style of screen presentation like in the line of Wes Anderson and very few others. Uniqueness define his works and so this another romance twisted tale where the first half of the film sets in Los Angeles and the next half in the New York.\r\n\r\nA young Jewish American wants to try his luck in the Hollywood seeks help from his uncle who's a popular an busiest agent in the film industry. He falls in love with his uncle's personal assistant, but she reveals she already has a boyfriend who's away now. After some twists in the tale, it becomes a romance-triangle. Who gets who and how it all ends brings the curtain to the film.\r\n\r\nLike usual Woody Allen's background narration had an important role in the storytelling and all those romance troubles were quite nicely told. It opened so well, developed at its best in the middle, but it did not end on a high. I did not like the conclusion, or the last 10-15 minutes. But thankfully it avoided giving out the usual stuff and the end credits rolled up before clearing the situation in the story. That's one of the way to finish it off, which is obviously not clever like lots of films does that same trick. Whatever, still the film is worth a watch, because of the decent story and great performances, and obviously for Woody Allen.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [282984, 229297, 160588, 81836], "youtube_key": "4NRQPTE2Y-c"}