{"tmdb_id": 339362, "title": "SuperBob", "original_title": "SuperBob", "slug_title": "superbob", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered postman from Peckham, South London was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers. Today, Bob is an overworked under-appreciated \u201ccivil servant\u201d for the British government. He spends most waking hours saving people and filling out forms. There has been no time for anything else. Least of all love. But today he has a day off. And best of all, he has a date with the woman he once met at the library. Now all he has to do is act as if this isn\u2019t the most exciting day of his life. Apparently that puts people off.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rWqLy4jE9ZdO6z9WySZ5XCEaNg1.jpg", "actors": ["Brett Goldstein (Bob)", "Catherine Tate (Theresa)", "Natalia Tena (Dorris)", "Laura Haddock (June)", "Ruth Sheen (Pat)", "David Harewood (Simon)", "Camilla Beeput (Lisa (as Camilla Marie Beeput))", "David Broughton-Davies (Ministry of Defence Official and Policeman)", "Ricky Grover (Barry)", "Hattie Hayridge (Pram Woman)", "Emily Corcoran (Colombian Check-In Girl)", "Christian Contreras (Javier)", "Pat Carney (Car Crash Victim)", "Matthew Steer (Joe)", "Aleksy Komorowski (Carlos)", "Joe Wilkinson (Joe the Postman)", "Jermaine Humes (Secret Service Agent)", "Michael Warburton (News Reader)", "Joelle Koissi (Chorus)", "Peter Stanford (Ministry of Defence official)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [206, 74718, 32150, 10109], "youtube_key": "notfound"}