{"tmdb_id": 339443, "title": "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania", "original_title": "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania", "slug_title": "herschell-gordon-lewis-bloodmania", "date": "2017-05-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The Godfather of Gore, Herschell Gordon Lewis makes his long awaited return to the genre that he is given credit for inventing in \u201cHerschell Gordon Lewis\u2019 BloodMania\u201d.  \u201cBloodMania\u201d is a horror anthology consisting of four segments. Herschell has co-written one segment and will direct two.  Each segment has its own unique style and feel, but all contain the signature gore that has come to be associated with Mr. Lewis\u2019 work.  The film is being released by Diabolique Films, the film division of the critically acclaimed Diabolique Magazine, an established leader in the horror print industry.  \u201cHerschell Gordon Lewis\u2019 BloodMania\u201d is Mr. Lewis\u2019 gift to his many fans, and fans of the \u201cSplatter\u201d genre alike.  Directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis, Kevin Littlelight and Melanie Reinboldt.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3xRbiOYB0y02gsaMjTxCdmxENtb.jpg", "actors": ["Roger LeBlanc (Brewster Bricabrac)", "Sonia Deleo (Julie Cook)", "Stuart Bentley (Gordo)", "Saleste Mele (Amber)", "Carolyn Bridget Kennedy (Nurse Champagne)", "Donovan Cerminara (Beau)", "Caroline Buzanko (Samantha Lear)", "Sarah Troyer (Cindy Weirman)", "Jewelle Colwell (Stella Banger)", "Genoveva Rossi (Razor Lady)", "Karen Jenkins (Hostage)", "Chengis Javeri (Jonathan)", "Sarah-Joy Goode (Zoe)", "Angela White (Needle Lady)", "Emily Siobhan McCourt (Cindy's P.A)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}