{"tmdb_id": 339408, "title": "The Birth of a Nation", "original_title": "The Birth of a Nation", "slug_title": "the-birth-of-a-nation", "date": "2016-09-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Trente ans avant la guerre de S\u00e9cession, Nat Turner est un esclave cultiv\u00e9 et un pr\u00e9dicateur tr\u00e8s \u00e9cout\u00e9.  Son propri\u00e9taire, Samuel Turner, qui conna\u00eet des difficult\u00e9s financi\u00e8res, accepte une offre visant \u00e0 utiliser les talents de pr\u00eacheur de Nat pour assujettir des esclaves indisciplin\u00e9s. Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 t\u00e9moin des  atrocit\u00e9s commises \u00e0 l\u2019encontre de ses camarades opprim\u00e9s, et en avoir lui-m\u00eame souffert avec son \u00e9pouse, Nat con\u00e7oit un plan qui peut conduire son peuple vers la libert\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5TV8aL6bAD3Sd337vCtwcA23caF.jpg", "actors": ["Nate Parker (Nat Turner)", "Armie Hammer (Samuel Turner)", "Aja Naomi King (Cherry)", "Jackie Earle Haley (Raymond Cobb)", "Penelope Ann Miller (Elizabeth Turner)", "Gabrielle Union (Esther)", "Mark Boone Junior (Reverend Zalthall)", "Aunjanue Ellis (Nancy Turner)", "Dwight Henry (Isaac Turner)", "Esther Scott (Bridget Turner)", "Roger Guenveur Smith (Isaiah)", "Jeryl Prescott (Janice)", "Colman Domingo (Hark)", "Dominic Bogart (Hank Fowler)", "Jason Stuart (Joseph Randall)", "Katie Garfield (Catherine Turner)", "Jayson Warner Smith (Earl Fowler)", "Steve Coulter (General Childs)", "Aiden Flowers (Young John Clarke)", "Dane Davenport (John Clarke Turner)", "Chik\u00e9 Okonkwo (Will)", "Tony Espinosa (Young Nat Turner)", "Kai Norris (Jasper)", "Chris Greene (Nelson)", "Kelvin Harrison Jr. (Simon)", "Justin Randell Brooke (Guiles Reese)", "Ryan Mulkay (Jesse)", "Allen Phoenix (Abner)", "Vincent Anthony (Fowler Slave)", "Bobby Batson (Little boy)", "Damon Bellmon (Turner Hideaway)", "Gregory Black (Rebel Slave)", "Alkoya Brunson (Young Hark)", "Anthony Bryant (Rebel Slave)", "Victoria Budkey (Lynch Mob)", "Sheila Cochran (General Child's Wife)", "Logan Coffey (Son)", "Kemuel Crossty (Rebel Man)", "Nicole Davis (Angel (uncredited))", "Morgen Dukes (Kid)", "Shannon Edwards (Farmer)", "Brad Schmidt (Lieutenant Akers)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Book and non-violence versus weapon and upraising.**\r\n\r\nThe best thing about this film is the script that based on the real. Such films are really worth a watch, before that, worth to be made. But did it depicted accurately is what we don't know. So here the effort should be appreciated and everyone who involved in it. It was about the African-Americans during the early 19th century. The film focused on a boy who learnt to read and write became a preacher. He taught his community about all the good and bad. But it all comes into question when he realises that what he reads in the book is not the same in the real world. He has been in the path of non-violence all his life and now at the crossroad, he forced to take a weapon and fight back for the freedom.\r\n\r\nAn inspiring film. If it was well written and made, would have been an Oscar material. Though the actors were good and well shot in locations. Nate Parker was brilliant in the lead, as well his direction was not bad, particularly in his first attempt. Previously, he had done some fine roles, but this is his best appearance. Perfect length and pace to sit for it patiently looking for the next events in the narration. Had some too much violence in a few scenes, but those were very much needed. Despite the film telling a true story, it did not appeal enough due to the lack of proper improvement in narration. Which I blame for not availability of proper information and records. Surely one of the best among in the year, not one of the top films of the year. So it is a must see then.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [339419, 293767, 393457, 347033], "youtube_key": "wIlUerVomDE"}