{"tmdb_id": 339403, "title": "Baby Driver", "original_title": "Baby Driver", "slug_title": "baby-driver", "date": "2017-06-28", "genre": "Action / Crime", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Chauffeur pour des braqueurs de banque, Baby ne compte que sur lui-m\u00eame pour \u00eatre le meilleur dans sa partie. Lorsqu\u2019il rencontre la fille de ses r\u00eaves, il cherche \u00e0 mettre fin \u00e0 ses activit\u00e9s criminelles pour revenir dans le droit chemin. Mais il est forc\u00e9 de travailler pour un grand patron du crime et le braquage tourne mal\u2026 D\u00e9sormais, sa libert\u00e9, son avenir avec la fille qu\u2019il aime et sa vie sont en jeu\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oTsgNy2XsO50PhpB8u5RRusfkjV.jpg", "actors": ["Ansel Elgort (Miles \"Baby\")", "Lily James (Debora)", "Kevin Spacey (Doc)", "Jon Hamm (Jason \"Buddy\" Van Horn)", "Jamie Foxx (Leon \"Bats\" Jefferson III)", "Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez (Monica \"Darling\" Castello)", "Jon Bernthal (Griff)", "Flea (Eddie \"No-Nose\")", "Lanny Joon (J.D.)", "Sky Ferreira (Baby's Mom)", "R. Marcos Taylor (Armie)", "Hudson Meek (Young Baby)", "CJ Jones (Joseph)", "Paul Williams (The Butcher)", "Lance Palmer (Baby's Dad)", "Big Boi (Restaurant Patron #1)", "Killer Mike (Restaurant Patron #2)", "Jon Spencer (Prison Guard)", "Micah Howard (Barista)", "Morgan Brown (Street Preacher)", "Sidney Sewell (Hellcat Thug 1)", "Thurman Sewell (Hellcat Thug 2)", "Walter Hill (Courtroom Interpreter (voice))", "Brogan Hall (Sam)", "Jeff Chase (Jeffrey)", "Wilbur Fitzgerald (Judge)", "Brigitte Kali Canales (Young Mother)", "Andy McDermott (Officer Forster)", "Patrick R. Walker (Frat Boy #1)", "Ben VanderMey (Frat Boy #2)", "Shellita Boxie (Bank Patron)", "Allison King (Nice Lady Teller)", "Morse Diggs (Morse Diggs)", "Keith Hudson (Diner Cop)", "Marshall Choka (Angry Man on Cellphone)", "Elijah Everett (Parking Garage Security Guard)", "Hal Whiteside (Cook)", "Juliette Sicard (Student Pedestrian)", "D.R. Lewis (Waiter)", "Marvin E. West (State Trooper)", "Connie Lee (Upset Car Driver)", "James Blackshear (Music Store Clerk)", "Christopher Beanland (Bullhorn Cop)", "Erica Frene (Dog Lady (uncredited))", "Marisol Correa (Atlanta Cop (uncredited))", "Elizabeth Davidovich (Monroe County (uncredited))", "Duke Jackson (Monroe County (uncredited))", "Colin Lacativa (Construction Worker (uncredited))", "Trey McGriff (Homeless Man on Bench (uncredited))", "Ronald Joe Vasquez (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Mason Pike (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Ryan Newton (Driver / Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Donald K. Overstreet (Man in Blue Truck (uncredited))", "Danny Le Boyer (Tequila Goon 3 (uncredited))", "David Conk (Tequila Goon 4 (uncredited))", "Troy Faruk (Goon #5 (uncredited))", "Chad Joyce (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Mark Smith (Prisoner (uncredited))", "Edgar Wright (Background passerby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "dgood826", "content": "This was the most fun I\u2019ve had watching a movie in a long time. It has everything I\u2019m looking for in a summer blockbuster: nonstop action, amazing soundtrack (best soundtrack of the year), and hilariously funny. Oh and it\u2019s an Edgar Wright film which has never been a let down. I\u2019ve never seen the star, Ansel Elgort, in anything before but I know he was in the running to play Han Solo and now I\u2019m extremely sad he didn\u2019t make the cut \u2013 he even dresses like Solo for most of the film. Read more of my review here: https://imdgflicks.wordpress.com/2017/06/30/baby-driver-is-the-best-music-video-since-tron-legacy/"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Let it never be said that \"Overrated\" equates to \"Bad\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Don't mess with this Baby!**\r\n\r\nOne of the stylish film of the year. There's nothing special about the story, but the way it was made looks intriguing. The individual characters, music, stunts, obviously car chases. Not the best role Ansel Elgort has ever played, but in his short, beginning of the career, it quite possibly defines he's ready for the tough roles. Then the British filmmaker known for some wonderful action-comedies, one more addition to his hit kit.\r\n\r\nA youngster who is a getaway car driver for heists, working under a criminal mastermind, is often teamed with a different crew. One of his latest job takes an unexpected twist, leaving his yet to bloom romance with a waitress in peril. His attempt to come out of that, the risk he takes, changes his life forever. The tale ends with an action packed finale.\r\n\r\nThis is the first Kevin Spacey film I'm seeing after all the allegation against him. I blame everyone equally who had let him do it all these years. But that's nothing to do with this film. He was fine as an actor as always. It's just fine to be as one-off film, but the way everything had happened looked like it could have been a great franchise. As of latest news, it is on. The sad part is, all the good characters won't return. Anyway, it is one of the must see from the year T17.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "highhorse", "content": "Extremely stylish, anime inspired superb action film. Edgar Wright knows what he's doing."}], "recommandations_id": [343668, 315635, 374720, 335984]}