{"tmdb_id": 339527, "title": "Pr\u00e9monitions", "original_title": "Solace", "slug_title": "premonitions", "date": "2015-09-03", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un tueur en s\u00e9rie \u00e9nigmatique s\u00e9vit \u00e0 Atlanta, laissant le FBI totalement d\u00e9sempar\u00e9. Quoi qu\u2019ils fassent, les enqu\u00eateurs ont toujours un coup de retard, comme si le tueur pouvait anticiper leurs mouvements \u00e0 l\u2019avance ! En d\u00e9sespoir de cause, ils se tournent vers le docteur John Clancy, un m\u00e9dium retrait\u00e9 dont les visions les ont aid\u00e9s dans le pass\u00e9. En \u00e9tudiant le dossier, Clancy devine rapidement la raison pour laquelle le FBI est incapable de coincer le tueur : ce dernier poss\u00e8de le m\u00eame don divinatoire que lui. Comment d\u00e8s lors arr\u00eater un tueur capable de pr\u00e9voir l\u2019avenir ? Commence alors une partie d\u2019\u00e9checs impitoyable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pbcXpZgem8kgr90RwIUNAbC2ite.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Hopkins (John Clancy)", "Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Agent Joe Merriweather)", "Abbie Cornish (Agent Katherine Cowles)", "Colin Farrell (Charles Ambrose)", "Marley Shelton (Laura Merriwether)", "Xander Berkeley (Mr. Ellis)", "Kenny Johnson (David Raymond)", "Sharon Lawrence (Mrs. Ellis)", "Janine Turner (Elizabeth Clancy)", "Luisa Moraes (Victoria Raymond)", "Matt Gerald (Sloman)", "Jose Pablo Cantillo (Sawyer)", "Charles Lawlor (Pathologist)", "Joshua Close (Linus Harp)", "Jordan Woods-Robinson (Mr. Oldfield)", "Niyi Oni (Agent Fibbie)", "Carter Godwin (Kevin Merriwether)", "Autumn Dial (Emma Clancy)", "Keith Ewell (Officer Mosley)", "David Weiss (Officer Waxman)", "Adam Boyer (SWAT Captain)", "Russell Durham Comegys (SWAT Shooter)", "Christopher Beanland (SWAT Lead)", "Rey Hernandez (Dog Cop)", "Jake Lawson (Sketch Artist)", "Adam Drescher (Beat Cop)", "Tara Arroyave (Waitress)", "Frank Brennan (Minister)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The A list actors in a B movie, is the latest trend.\r\n\r\nA bunch of great actors with their very good performances, but the story was merely okay, even though somewhat it was an enjoyable flick. 'Two Rabbits' was a good Brasilian thriller, this is from the same director and his Hollywood debut which is not a spellbinding. I expected a lot after knowing it was his film, it did not disappoint me either, but for the Hollywood standards this was a let down. If it would have been a Portuguese film, then no one would have complained much.\r\n\r\nIt was supposed to be a sequel to David Fincher's 'Seven', but failed to fuse both the stories. So then it became an independent narration. The title should have been 'Premonition', but there's already a movie with that name. Like I said the story was kind of a mix of other films. The theme was a too much intelligence, so it needed the clever writers for its screenplay. I only say it was a missed opportunity to turn the product like 'Law Abiding Citizen'.\r\n\r\nFor a concept like this, the scenes were too ordinary and the end has been just alright. The best thing about this was the entertainment it offered, no matter if you feel deja-vu of watching this film, you won't get bored. Top actors, but I still consider it a good quality B movie than an average quality A list movie.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Oldnewbie", "content": "Should have been in wide release...\r\n\r\nAnthony Hopkins! Colin Farrell! Jeffrey Dean Morgan! A super well paced film with these fine actors and... straight to VOD in the USA.\r\n\r\nOh and Abbie Cornish! Not as well know as the above but she was great in her role as well!\r\n\r\nTwenty years ago this film would have been given a wide release and been, if not a huge hit, a modest one. Certainly would have made it's money back and more. Today?? VOD.\r\n\r\nSo what happened? Too many movies coming out in the theaters to make room for this one? Too many showings of \"Beauty and the Beast\" taking up ten cinemas or more in the multi-plex thus shutting out \"Solace\"? Fear that Americans would not know what Solace meant?? Think I am kidding??\r\n\r\nBack when Dalton played Bond the second feature was to be called \"License Revoked\" but was changed to \"License to Kill\" because the studio feared too many Americans would not now what revoked meant!! At least the Bond folks decided we were not all idiots and eventually gave us \"Quantum of Solace\"! (See? We knew what solace meant!!)\r\n\r\nI don't know why this fine film was dumped on the internet and not playing at the nearby 1-105. It deserved a wide audience."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not half as clever as it thinks it is. Not half as bad as it's purported to be.\r\n\r\nI'm glad that this never became _EI8HT_ though. It struggled enough to work as a standalone tale, I don't really see it working as a _SE7EN_ sequel.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [238615, 302156, 241257, 290751], "youtube_key": "m4nnteB_4fM"}