{"tmdb_id": 339580, "title": "Aurora Teagarden - 2 - Le club des amateurs de meurtres", "original_title": "Real Murders: An Aurora Teagarden Mystery", "slug_title": "aurora-teagarden-2-le-club-des-amateurs-de-meurtres", "date": "2015-07-26", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame / Crime", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Le club des amateurs de meurtres est touch\u00e9 en plein coeur lorsqu'un de ses membres est froidement assassin\u00e9 dans sa maison. Malgr\u00e9 les avertissements de la police, Aurora Teagarden ne peut s'emp\u00eacher d'enqu\u00eater, aid\u00e9e du romancier Robin Daniels. Alors qu'un autre meurtre a lieu, Aurora d\u00e9couvre que le tueur s'attaque aux membres du club et qu'il n'est pas exclu qu'elle soit sa prochaine victime", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x0dfDrmOqXudMVmI7KiPUDdF0sW.jpg", "actors": ["Candace Cameron Bure (Aurora Teagarden)", "Marilu Henner (Aida Teagarden)", "Lexa Doig (Sally Allison)", "Bruce Dawson (John Queensland)", "Peter Benson (Det. Arthur Smith)", "Robin Dunne (Robin Daniels)", "Miranda Frigon (Det. Lynn Liggett Smith)", "Jacqueline Samuda (Mamie)", "David Ingram (Macon Turner)", "Craig March (Captain Fred Burns)", "Brad Harder (Officer Heard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The replication of old murders.**\r\n\r\nThe second film in the Aurora Teagarden film series, based on the first book. I liked it better than the previous one. That film was a little simpler, like everything happened in a small circle of setting. In this, there's no a major leap, but slightly extended, either it be characters or the story that takes us to the places. Lived up to the expectation, but as I always say, for the television standards and in particular keeping in mind the women audience. Because Hallmark might be exploring the crime related themes lately, but it always remains a women's favourite channel.\r\n\r\nIt was just a second film, but as I observed in these two, I think showing a blurred very brief crime event at the opening is its trademark. In this tale, the killing follows a pattern. The pattern of old murders, mostly from Europe. A woman got murdered at the beginning and then as usual Aurora jumps in to investigate on her own, despite warnings from the cops not to involve. It seems this time her reporter friend is on her side. Not much helpful in solving the crime, but on the reverse side, it's Aurora, whose tip off impacts her from a possible danger.\r\n\r\nWhat major change I unexpected was the romance part. I don't know what happened to that church guy she was dating, but now it's with a mystery novelist, who's also a temp university professor called Robin Daniels. They together do all the latest case related work, since it could be helpful for his future novels. The regular monthly 'Real Murders Club' members meet up and so that's where the question begins that the killer could be one of the members who just recreating the group's case study. That leaves out strangers involving in this matter. But who is it and why he/she's doing it are the remaining narration to unfold.\r\n\r\n> \u275dIs she always two steps ahead of everybody else?\u275e\r\n\r\nThey had retained the same director for this film as well. I think he did well. I don't recognise Candance Cameron Bure suppose if I had seen her in any films before, but she was good so far in this film series. Looks she's one of the best television actresses. The supporting cast too was not bad. Shot in the nicest places, good dialogues and the fine scene transitions. The mystery was well maintained. I thought I had guessed, but like most of the time I was wrong. Not because I did not see it coming, but they hid that precious twisty part/character to bring on at the best section of the film, which's the finale.\r\n\r\nI would say the new boyfriend was one of the best things happened in this. If you watch it, you would know why. You know, in a crime- mystery, maintaining the plot is very important. At a same time revealing a few details on the other end must go on. This was a short film like nearly 80 minutes. An average runtime for any television film. Then the pace of the storytelling was good, followed by the list of possible suspects and possible future victims puzzling around. Simply to say, it was not a very intelligent crime solving film, but good enough to enjoy, especially the whole family together without restriction of age.\r\n\r\nComparing the first film, it was less dramatic, but more tense, moving quickly from one scene to another. Not everything was perfectly done. There was a scene that looked intentional. It was a scene, finding an evident and then they succeeded. There's nothing wrong in it, but they simplified it, to move on to the next level of the investigation. From all, leaned too much on or you could say depended on the character Aurora. That's the title, that's what you might expect and so they gave it. Overall, a win-win kind of film for both the viewers and the makers. They did well for the second time, so I'm expecting the same for the third as well. Watch it if you had finished the first. Meanwhile, I'm getting ready for the next review in this film series.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [325078, 393737, 455034, 414768]}