{"tmdb_id": 339692, "title": "Shot Caller", "original_title": "Shot Caller", "slug_title": "shot-caller", "date": "2017-07-13", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Un gangster r\u00e9cemment sorti de prison est forc\u00e9 par ses anciens complices \u00e0 organiser un nouvel acte criminel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qLmLz2wtyYvmW8Ult3l2ngOnW8v.jpg", "actors": ["Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Jacob 'Money' Harlon)", "Omari Hardwick (Kutcher)", "Lake Bell (Kate Harlon)", "Jon Bernthal (Frank 'Shotgun')", "Emory Cohen (Howie)", "Holt McCallany (Jerry 'The Beast' Manning)", "Benjamin Bratt (Sanchez)", "Jeffrey Donovan (Bottles)", "Evan Jones (Chopper)", "Chris Browning (Toby 'Redwood' Simms)", "Max Greenfield (Tom)", "Jessy Schram (Jennifer)", "Juan Pablo Raba (Herman Gomez)", "Matt Gerald (Phil Cole)", "Michael Landes (Steve)", "Keith Jardine (Ripper)", "Sarah Minnich (Janie)", "Jonathon McClendon (Joshua Harlon)", "Derek Dinniene (Young Joshua Harlon)", "Monique Candelaria (Lola Gomez)", "Cru Ennis (Jason Horvath)", "Danny Winn (Doyle)", "David House (Capt. Freeman)", "Diego Joaquin Lopez (Cellmate Lopez)", "Bobby Lee Osborn (Lenny)", "Brendan Kelly (Large Biker)", "John Trejo (SHU Guard)", "Dylan Kenin (Trustee)", "Matthew Page (SHU Guard)", "Mark Sivertsen (LT. Roberts)", "Brandon K. Hampton (Young Black Inmate)", "Chris Adams (Inmate)", "Esodie Geiger (Judge)", "Michael Sheets (Lead Officer)", "Mike Ostroski (Banker-Type)", "Nathaniel Augustson (Chef)", "J. Nathan Simmons (Prison Inmate)", "Howard Ferguson Jr. (Basketball Opponent)", "Joshua R. Aragon (Inmate)", "Jacob Browne (AD Seg Guard)", "Jetto Dorsainville (Bailiff)", "Marika Day (Punk-Rocker Girl)", "David Miller (Prisoner)", "Diana Gaitirira (R&R Guard)", "Joseph P. Santillanes (Back-Up Police Officer)", "Ivan Brutsche (SHU Guard)", "Cajardo Lindsey (Chino Guard)", "Rodger Larance (Pedestrian)", "Jose B. Martinez (Prisoner)", "Alexander Daniel Pimentel (Executive Basketball Player)", "Michael Benjamin Kirby (Prison Inmate)", "Euphrates 'Tee' Arthur (Prison Inmate)", "Dash Hamblin (Store Manager)", "Fred Padilla (Inmate)", "Jonathan Lane (Basketball Opponent)", "Johnathan Paul Pena (Featured Prisoner)", "J.D. Herrera (Prosecuting Attorney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Something you will have seen before, but still utterly gripping.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cA slow but watchable movie\u201d\r\n\r\nIt all starts with a man who was having a good family due to an accident ends up in jail and the things he does to survive there. He ends up joining with a gang and does drug deals as well as kill people for the reputation of this gang. After many years he is sent on parole that\u2019s when his gang leader gives him a deal to do and the police is behind him. So if he does the deal or not you have to find out by watching the movie I have not spoiled anything for you guys. The main hero I have seen him in game of thrones I have always known that he was a good actor and he continues that In this movie too and the walking dead guy he too does a classic acting. The movie has a slow start and it is slow in between I personally felt the movie was dragged in some places but as I said its watchable. The story line was OK so was the ending.\r\nI would say just check it out guys.  \r\nNotable Acting\r\nNikolaj Coster-Waldau famous for his acting in the tv series Game of thrones and the movies Oblivion and Mama\r\nJon Bernthal famous for his acting in the tv series The walking dead and the movies like The wolf of wall street and Sicario\r\n\r\nMy Rating 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [398175, 449443, 337170, 334524], "youtube_key": "Xm157yQ7g1E"}