{"tmdb_id": 339820, "title": "Ball-Trap On The Cote Sauvage", "original_title": "Ball-Trap On The Cote Sauvage", "slug_title": "ball-trap-on-the-cote-sauvage", "date": "1989-12-27", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Joe and Sarah Marriot are a pair of European campers who have pitched their tent for a little R &amp; R at a campsite in France.\r The other families that have come to the site on holiday provide great comedy and plenty of people watching for the Marriots. Of course, you'd expect hilarity from characters dubbed the Fitness Family, Mr. and Mrs. Topless, Fatty Granada, and the In-the-Trades. But the Marriots' enjoyment of observing the outside world turns inward when the entrance of Early Bird, a free-spirited female, shakes up their little nest.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b3b02hPAuGW61paapaefCea2xhb.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Shepherd (Joe Marriot)", "Zo\u00eb Wanamaker (Sarah Marriot)", "Miranda Richardson (Early Bird)", "Michael Kitchen (Smiley Face)", "Erika Hoffman (Mrs. Topless)", "Linal Haft (In-The-Trade)", "Louis Emerick (Fitness)", "Terry Sue-Patt (Young Fitness)", "Jamie Groves (Tom Marriot)", "Katerina Hadjimatheou (Lisa Marriot)", "Victoria Shalet (Anna)", "Amy Melhuish (Chloe)", "Edward Holmes (James)", "Liz Whiting (Mrs. Fitness)", "Nicholas Barnes (Paul Britcamp)", "Victoria Hasted (Hilary)", "Timothy Kightley (Prat)", "Annie Hayes (Mrs. Prat)", "Jane Wood (Mrs. In-The-Trade)", "Sarah Smart (Nadine)", "Donna Smart (Linette)", "Dave Atkins (Fatty Granada)", "Elspeth Charlton (Sad French Wife)", "Daniel Andr\u00e9 Pageon (Jealous Husband)", "Paula Tinker (Adulterous Wife)", "Jean-Michel Dagory (Adulterous Husband)", "Dariane Lorian (Amandine Girl)", "Eric Laffitte (Club Toto Lout)", "Valerie Marion (Club Toto Girl)", "Peter Howitt (Topless)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}