{"tmdb_id": 339927, "title": "Kevin Hart : What Now ?", "original_title": "Kevin Hart: What Now?", "slug_title": "kevin-hart-what-now", "date": "2016-10-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9 comme jamais, le comique Kevin Hart conquiert Philadelphie, ne faisant qu'une bouch\u00e9e de la faune de banlieue, des shorts en jean et de l'\u00e9ducation des enfants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v5QIdxFbo6izF00R7rqUD7yfeYa.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Hart (Himself)", "Halle Berry (Money Berry)", "Don Cheadle (Rival Agent)", "Ed Helms (Frank (Bartender))", "David Meunier (Victor)", "Peter Mensah (African Dictator)", "Joey Wells (Denzel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Agent 0054 in mission Philadelphia!**\r\n\r\nI have not seen Kevin's previous stand-up concerts, so I was not expecting it to be good or bad. It was a mix of cinematic, particularly in the opening and the end part, but the majority of the midsection is all about his stage performance. He posed like a secret agent named agent 0054, working in an important mission. So in the meantime, he takes the stage in Philadelphia and made gathered his fans laugh.\r\n\r\nSome jokes were good, but some were not. Overall, a nice show. It was for Kevin, otherwise, would have been a below average show. The film posters are parodies of 'The Dark Knight', 'World War Z' and 'Skyfall'. The opening credit too was a spoof of James Bond films. Nice effort to enchant the whole show. The Halle Berry's guest appearance was okay. I think worth watching it one time. Only for Kevin.\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [181330, 42189, 74510, 27866]}