{"tmdb_id": 339928, "title": "Once I Was a Beehive", "original_title": "Once I Was a Beehive", "slug_title": "once-i-was-a-beehive", "date": "2015-08-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Lane Speer is a 16 year old girl who spends her family vacations camping in the mountains. She takes the memories for granted until she loses her father to an unexpected bout with cancer. Only a year later, as Lane is still reeling from her father's death, he mother remarries a guy that Lane hardly knows. Worst of all, he is a Mormon. To top it off, while they are on their honeymoon, they arrange to have her stay with her Mormon step-aunt who takes her away to a bible-themed girls camp with a bunch of young Mormon girls. Confronted with memories of camping with her family, she tries to find peace with her new surroundings and deal with the death of her father.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dpOu9d89HENnzooIz2H0ibf0DYO.jpg", "actors": ["Paris Warner (Lane Speer)", "Lisa Clark (Carrie Carrington)", "Hailey Smith (Holly Valentine)", "Clare Niederpruem (Bree Carrington)", "Barta Heiner (Nedra)", "Amy Biedel (Audrey Speer)", "Brett Merritt (Tristan Samuelson)", "Ashley Santos (Paige)", "Kaley McCormack (Mindy)", "Ariana Bagley (Myleka)", "Adam Johnson (Robert Speer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> What matters here is the message... If you won't mind anything else.\r\n\r\nI am a film fanatic, so like everybody else I seek entertainment in the films I watch. But if it delivers a message or gives a lesson, I'll take it as an inspiration, no matter what category it belongs to.\r\n\r\nI mean I belong to no religion, but there are many good things about them other than wasting time in the temples and churches for the fantasy things. So that is where this film comes in, even for the non-believers.\r\n\r\nIt might be about a Mormon related theme, that does not mean it is a propaganda or anything, but obviously that's how it looks like. In fact, it is a very enjoyable film, not just for the kids or the women, but anyone and mostly for the families.\r\n\r\nBecause it was not about the god stuff, it was about the human bond and having faith in each other to work together. In many parts, that's what the film characters express through the dialogues and makes us comfortable for further viewing.\r\n\r\nThe story was narrated from an atheist teen girl's perspective, but her condition of life had an impact for telling a beautiful and semi-emotional tale. It was a quality of the television product, mainly because it is PG rated.\r\n\r\nThe wonderful cast and shot in the nicest places. So just enjoy its contents as a human being with the emotions and ignore the religious stuffs if you think it is overshadowed by that. Because, because of watching it you won't turn a Mormon in an overnight.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [278990, 288980, 339079, 314285], "youtube_key": "notfound"}