{"tmdb_id": 339987, "title": "Trahisons", "original_title": "The Exception", "slug_title": "trahisons", "date": "2017-06-02", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Hollande, 1940. Brandt, un jeune officier allemand ambitieux et patriote, est envoy\u00e9 malgr\u00e9 lui en Hollande aupr\u00e8s de Guillaume II, Kaiser en exil, pour assurer sa protection.  Il se laisse s\u00e9duire et tombe amoureux de Mieke une jeune juive hollandaise au service du Kaiser.  Les SS d\u00e9couvrent que la r\u00e9sistance a r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 infiltrer un agent dans le repaire du kaiser pour l\u2019assassiner et d\u00e9stabiliser le r\u00e9gime d\u2019Hitler  Brandt doit d\u00e9couvrir son identit\u00e9. Entre trahison et jeu d\u2019espion, tr\u00e8s vite, il va d\u00e9couvrir qu\u2019il devra lui aussi choisir entre amour et devoir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1nrpJZzpmDwhHvMj9yAybJVsnhq.jpg", "actors": ["Lily James (Mieke de Jong)", "Jai Courtney (Capt Stefan Brandt)", "Eddie Marsan (Heinrich Himmler)", "Christopher Plummer (Kaiser Wilhelm II)", "Janet McTeer (Princess Hermine 'Hermo' Reuss of Greiz)", "Daisy Boulton (Secretary)", "Ben Daniels (Col Sigurd von Ilsemann)", "St\u00e9phane Auberghen (Frau Linnenkamp)", "Aubeline Barbieux (Beatrix)", "Lo\u00efs van Wijk (Little Girl)", "Karin Leclercq (Widow in Hotel)", "Anton Lesser (General Falkenberg)", "Martin Swabey (Mueller)", "Martin Savage (Dirksen)", "Mark Dexter (Dietrich)", "Kurt Standaert (Schulz)", "Kris Cuppens (Pastor Hendricks)", "Frederik Lebeer (Signal Operative)", "St\u00e9phanie Van Vyve (Hedwig Potthast)", "Lucas Tavernier (SS Colonel Meyer)", "Tom De Vreese (Wehrmacht Soldier - Brandt Unit)", "Luc Krijgsman (Wehrmacht Soldier - Brandt Unit)", "Verona Verbakel (Wehrmacht Secretary)", "Sebastiaan Ham (Wehrmacht Soldier - Brandt Unit)", "Sjoerd Schaap (Wehrmacht Soldier - Brandt Unit)", "Daan Aufenacker (Officer (uncredited))", "Tom Magnus (Lieutenant Commander (uncredited))", "Jan Smekens (SS Guard (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Mismarketed as a spy thriller, _The Exception_ is nothing more than a romance movie, a romance that has certain obstacles to be sure, but most any romance put to screen does. _The Exception_ is well acted, (which may come as a surprise to some people when it comes to Jai Courtney) but oddly made. There are certain presentation choices that seemed very bizarre to me, but not dealbreakingly so.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A look at the German Royal family during the WWII.**\r\n\r\nA book based film, partially inspired by the real, but I really loved. In the backdrop of the world war two, it focused on the German royal family, Kaiser. An officer sent to protect him during the nazi Germany's invasion of Europe, possibly from the spies. So during his stint, all events that unfolded were revealed to us with a twist at the end. The twist was predictable, so they did not hide it for the perfect moment and to make the film entirely rely on it. What's important is it was more a straightforward narration. Though there were some tense moments.\r\n\r\nOverall a great drama. I did not know what to expect, whether a thriller or romance, but it mixed them all together nicely. Of course, Jai was good, and so Lily James, but I was very impressed by Christopher Plummer. This film was awesome because of this 88 year old Canadian actor. Directed by a newcomer, and he did his part nicely. One of the fine addition to the world war two related dramas. It has a strong sex scene, otherwise would have been fit for all. Definitely I suggest it if you're interested!\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [433356, 296844, 129261, 411141]}