{"tmdb_id": 339967, "title": "Colossal", "original_title": "Colossal", "slug_title": "colossal", "date": "2016-06-30", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Gloria d\u00e9couvre qu'elle est mentalement li\u00e9e \u00e0 un l\u00e9zard g\u00e9ant qui menace de d\u00e9truire S\u00e9oul. Pour emp\u00eacher les catastrophes \u00e0 venir, elle devra comprendre pourquoi sa propre existence \u00e0 un impact si colossal sur le monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lGECaKTdaYBeuihvYZ9GkxvuNjl.jpg", "actors": ["Anne Hathaway (Gloria)", "Jason Sudeikis (Oscar)", "Tim Blake Nelson (Garth)", "Dan Stevens (Tim)", "Austin Stowell (Joel)", "Hannah Cheramy (Young Gloria)", "Agam Darshi (Ash)", "Rukiya Bernard (Maggie)", "Miho Suzuki (News Reporter)", "Sarah Surh (Mother)", "Nathan Ellison (Young Oscar)", "Everett Adams (Chubby Boy)", "Charles Singh (Expert #1)", "Jenny Mitchell (Expert #2)", "Alyssa Dawson (Reporter)", "Maddie Smith (Reporter #2)", "James Yi (Fund Raiser Man)", "Haeun Hannah Cho (Little Girl)", "Melissa M. Montgomery (Waitress)", "Christine Lee (Seoul Waitress)", "Hettie Lynne Hurtes (News Reporting Consultant)", "Andrew Tait (Bar Patron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Makes enough pseudo-sense that those who are turned off by absurdism will be able to handle it, but still bizarre enough to get those who are fans of it on board. There might be some odd choices made in characterisation, and it's a far from perfect film, but _Colossal_ works for me in a big way, and I want to see more original material make it like _Colossal_ did.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A tale of two cities!**\r\n\r\nDid not expect it. It was a unique film. I love such films, because I'm bored of the same old action, romance, horror, thrillers. But it had loads of flaws. It was hard to get rid of them. Even I thought without those flaws, there's no tale to tell. In the end, entertainment matter and this film provided that without logics. So put aside your adult brain and enjoy it like a kid.\r\n\r\nI had not seen the teaser, trailer and never heard the storyline before trying it. I just went and sat, the initial parts were not that impressive. Because returning the hometown is a common clich\u00e9. Though once the story had taken a twist, the rest of the narration changed completely. Well, the story is about the two cities and each city split into a black comedy and a disastrous theme.\r\n\r\nAn unemployed and alcoholic young woman returns hometown after break up with her boyfriend. Befriends an old friend, and starts anew life. Until she discovers that on the other side of the world, a giant monster wrecking up a city. Once again, she discovers that she had something to do with that. Following it, how her response reshapes the entire episode was told with a twist at the end.\r\n\r\nAnne Hathaway was simply good. But not to forget Jason Sudeikis' part too. Both of them controlled the narration. This is a film to have fun. Not to go after errs. A film with the giant monsters, but less graphics used. Very clever writing by the Spanish filmmaker known for some good titles. I think the film is a little underrated. Recommended for those who seek nothing but an entertainment.\r\n\r\n**8/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [334521, 411741, 375366, 245703]}