{"tmdb_id": 339994, "title": "The Good Neighbor", "original_title": "The Good Neighbor", "slug_title": "the-good-neighbor", "date": "2016-09-16", "genre": "Drame / Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Des lyc\u00e9ens tentent de faire croire \u00e0 un vieil homme que sa maison est hant\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xrYPVqmUrmOolwh77bldbRfQdLx.jpg", "actors": ["Logan Miller (Ethan)", "Keir Gilchrist (Sean)", "James Caan (Harold Grainey)", "Bailey Noble (Carly)", "Lili Reinhart (Ashley)", "Nik Dodani (Sanjay)", "Laura Innes (Caroline)", "Edwin Hodge (Officer Palmer)", "Anne Dudek (Elise)", "Mindy Sterling (Mae)", "Tamlyn Tomita (Heather Cromwell)", "Dean Cameron (Defense Attorney)", "William Charles Mitchell (Judge)", "Billy Khoury (Neighbor)", "Ted King (Sean's Father)", "Luke Spencer Roberts (Ted Spiegelman)", "Elyse Dinh (Reporter #1)", "Hannah Elise Pilkington (Reporter 3)", "Christina Alex (Court Stenographer)", "Francesca Ling (Young Woman)", "Herbert Centeno (Court attendee / Paparazzi)", "Leonel Claude (Court Attendee)", "Christopher Clausi (Court attendee)", "Tonya Guadalupe (Court Attendee)", "Joey Hartstone (Juror)", "Fred Huguez (Jury Member)", "Kimbrey Jones (Jury Member)", "Kyle Mosonyi (Court Attendee)", "Ela Necker (Sean's Mom)", "Dennis Nicomede (Juror)", "Selena O'Sullivan (Juror)", "Pablo Ramos (Court Attendee)", "Mark Rossignol (Court spectator / press)", "Elvira Safiulina (Reporter)", "Katherine Stephens-Miller (Neighbor)", "Terry Stroud (Court Attendee)", "Rudolph Whitcomb (Prosecution Attorney)", "Pamela Drake Wilson (Court Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Do all the secrets worth unfolding!!!**\r\n\r\nThis is really refreshing. Something rare and unpredictable film in a thriller. Nice characters and the setting where all the story takes place. This is about two teenagers secretly trying to video document one of their neighbours after judging his character through several events of his life. So they place hidden cams in his house, expecting something twist to happen. As the story goes on, they face various troubles and what result they get in the end was a shocker.\r\n\r\nI think nicely written film. Not much fuzz about the characters or any events. Though there were some scene that puts the views on the edge of their seats. Overall a nicely made film, either quality or the quantity, totally acceptable. The actors too were good. The kids and then the Jame Caan. The suspense was the backbone of the film. It succeeded on that, but don't anticipate anything bigger. It is a simple, small thriller that's surely worth a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [381935, 355506, 383535, 347751]}