{"tmdb_id": 340101, "title": "Their Finest", "original_title": "Their Finest", "slug_title": "their-finest", "date": "2017-04-06", "genre": "Romance / Guerre / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une \u00e9quipe de tournage tente de r\u00e9aliser un film afin de booster le moral des troupes durant le Blitz (bombardements subis par Londres durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale).", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/65CFTqZfuR5hseEDjLOWfRNjiNm.jpg", "actors": ["Gemma Arterton (Catrin Cole)", "Sam Claflin (Tom Buckley)", "Bill Nighy (Ambrose Hilliard)", "Richard E. Grant (Roger Swain)", "Jack Huston (Ellis Cole)", "Helen McCrory (Sophie Smith)", "Eddie Marsan (Sammy Smith)", "Jake Lacy (Carl Lundbeck)", "Rachael Stirling (Phyl Moore)", "Jeremy Irons (Secretary of War)", "Henry Goodman (Gabriel Baker)", "Stephanie Hyam (Angela Ralli-Thomas)", "Lily Knight (Rose Starling)", "Cathy Murphy (Vee)", "Emma Cunniffe (Ettie)", "Amanda Root (Cecy)", "Patrick Gibson (Rex)", "Paul Ritter (Raymond Parfitt)", "Hubert Burton (Wyndham Best)", "Claudia Jessie (Doris Cleavley)", "Francesca Knight (Lily Starling)", "Michael Marcus (Alex, the Director)", "Gordon Brown (Chick, the 1st AD)", "Julia Lewis (The Make-Up Artist)", "Clive Russell (Mr. Starling)", "Jay Simpson (Alf Reynolds)", "Richard Syms (Head Waiter)", "Darren Clarke (Gaffer)", "Nicholas Murchie (Bus Conductor)", "Ed Birch (Walter, The Director of Careless Talk Film)", "Mossie Smith (Female Warden)", "Letty Butler (First Waitress)", "Nell Barlow (Second Waitress)", "Rebecca Saire (Mortuary Nurse)", "Frances Jeater (Spitfires Collector)", "Stephen Boswell (War Widows Collector)", "Joanna Brookes (Woman in Corona)", "Patrick Osborne (Soldier in Corona)", "Gaby Chiappe (Dolly (Carrot Film))", "Amanda Fairbank-Hynes (Mabel (Carrot Film))", "Bella Ava Georgiou (Pearl, Girl on the Tube)", "Alfie Stewart (Soldier on the Tube)", "Ellie Haddington (Catrin's Landlady)", "Liliana Gane (Wardrobe Mistress)", "Richard Bevan (Mr. Richards, the Dubbing Editor)", "Natalia Ryumina (Muriel, Ellis's Friend)", "Steve Carroll (Boom Operator)", "Kornelia Horvath (Woman in the Shelter)", "Katie Jackson (Secretary to Mr. Swain)", "Miles Richardson (Movietone Newsreader)", "Lee Whitlock (Man in Pub (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The war and the cinema!**\r\n\r\nThe film was based on the book and about filmmaking, particularly screen writing. Fictional comedy-drama that is set in London in 1940. While the war tearing apart the nation, some people are not disturbed by it. They are going ahead with their film projects, especially war themed to boost the people's confidence. That's when the new arrival, Mrs. Cole, begins her career as a writer. So her experience working with the scripts, meeting the real people whose story are getting adapted and her gloomy romance, everything lets us know.\r\n\r\nA nice film and a little different than the majority of the film that came this year. The focus was good. I mean while bombs falling from the sky, all this tale concentrated was film business. Something like 'Argo', but given less preference to the war, except its consequences which diverted their plan in some scenario. So there were many small-small twist and turns. It also gets emotional at one stage. A well written and directed film similar to what the film characters did their best in the story.\r\n\r\nGemma was good, but Claflin was totally different, in a good way. As much as I enjoyed, I also thought it should have been even better. Because thematically it was not for everyone. I mean the world war was a good idea, but the filmmaking was not like you are usually familiar with. Besides, it was not a laughing out loud comedy. Between the seriousness of war and fun around making films, the combination was rare and well worked out. Those who love pre 50s, 40s settings in a film would enjoy it for sure. Especially if they like films about films.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [296844, 129261, 296360, 209149]}