{"tmdb_id": 340402, "title": "Almost Christmas", "original_title": "Almost Christmas", "slug_title": "almost-christmas", "date": "2016-11-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Les membres d'une famille dysfonctionnelle se sont r\u00e9unis pour leur premier Thanksgiving depuis la mort de leur m\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ztqeL8yiu12NZUfN9RaE60HPUXz.jpg", "actors": ["Kimberly Elise (Cheryl)", "Omar Epps (Malachi)", "Danny Glover (Walter)", "John Michael Higgins (Brooks)", "Romany Malco (Christian)", "Mo'Nique (Aunt May)", "Nicole Ari Parker (Sonya)", "J.B. Smoove (Uncle Lonnie)", "Gabrielle Union (Rachel)", "Gladys Knight (Dorothy)", "Jessie Usher (Evan)", "Gregory Alan Williams (Pastor Browning)", "Ric Reitz (Coach Packer)", "D.C. Young Fly (Eric)", "Rachel Kylian (Grace Meyers)", "Monica Brown (Waitress)", "Keri Hilson (Jasmine)", "Nadej k Bailey (Niya)", "Tara Jones (Lucy)", "Marley Taylor (Dee Meyers)", "Ravi Naidu (Dr. Patel)", "Eric Bell Jr. (Little Boy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Get together family Christmas is never a smooth event!**\r\n\r\nLittle bit a surprise film. Most probably the best Christmas comedy of the season, yet I watched it very late. It's a family get together theme, but for the Christmas celebration. So after their mother recently passed away, all the children come to celebrate the festival with their father for not let him be alone for the occasion. But it is not a perfect family. They all seeing each other after a long time and they bring their works, issues and everything along. With differences, debate, fight and all hell set loose.\r\n\r\nI have seen plenty of similar themed films, this was no different, yet somewhat enjoyable. Because this kind of film is thematically same, but usually screenplay and the comedy parts are derived. If they make those parts right, then it'll meet somewhat viewer's expectation and do better at the box office. A decent cast, though Danny Glover presence was the film's highlight. Well created characters and the executions were not bad either. Surely you would laugh aloud in a few scenes. Bit a long film, but engaging plot. Overall an average film, yet the comedy parts was the best.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [98557, 20322, 35688, 96534], "youtube_key": "aY8pZ68nbrc"}