{"tmdb_id": 340611, "title": "Indignation", "original_title": "Indignation", "slug_title": "indignation", "date": "2016-07-29", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "En 1951, Marcus quitte son New Jersey natal pour aller \u00e9tudier dans une universit\u00e9 conservatrice de l'Ohio, o\u00f9 il fait face \u00e0 la r\u00e9pression sexuelle et l'antis\u00e9mitisme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lvdA0NAqOJRC5peafUDRPhP88yY.jpg", "actors": ["Logan Lerman (Marcus Messner)", "Sarah Gadon (Olivia Hutton)", "Tracy Letts (Dean Caudwell)", "Linda Emond (Esther Messner)", "Danny Burstein (Max Messner)", "Ben Rosenfield (Bertram Flusser)", "Pico Alexander (Sonny Cottler)", "Philip Ettinger (Ron Foxman)", "Noah Robbins (Marty Ziegler)", "Joanne Baron (Mrs. Greenberg)", "Susan Varon (Mrs. Dadidovich)", "Bryan Burton (Ben)", "Steven Kaplan (Anker)", "Richard Topol (Mo Greenberg)", "Isabel Keating (Miss Clement)", "Eli Gelb (David)", "Margo Kazaryan (Student)", "Doris McCarthy (Church Volunteer)", "Melanie Blake Roth (Student)", "Andrew S. Thompson (Student)", "Bo Stansell (Young Nurse)", "Bryan Fitzgerald (History Student)", "Betsy Hogg (Sophomore Girl)", "Rebecca Watson (College Nurse)", "Will MacAdam (Family Friend at Shiva & Synagogue)", "Jason Erik Zacek (Student)", "Kc Coy (College Student)", "Samuel Dunning (Dead American Soldier)", "Eliza Foss (Alice)", "Ruth Flaherty (Church Matron)", "Tom Bair (President Wentz)", "Sam Rohloff (Dead American Soldier)", "Neal Arluck (Man In Synagogue)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Life is unexplained, but to keep it going depends on the events surround it/us.**\r\n\r\nThe film certainly defines two things, the life is unpredictable and the college life in the 1950s. Based on the book of the same name, made by a producer turned director which is his first attempt. A pure drama that follows a Jewish American student who is pursuing a degree in a small Ohio college. The film reveals his social skills, confused romance with a troubled girl, having differences with the college dean and many more.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a better film than I anticipating. Initially I did not get some parts of the narration, but there are more details in pieces and we have to put them in the right places. For example the editing was a bit confusing, particularly about present, past and future events. But at the end you will understand everything, I think. The twist was average, though very good, it totally altered the entire perspective. Logan Lerman is getting better and better in his every new film and Sarah Gadon as well getting more sexier every day.\r\n\r\nWhatever it narrates us in the mid part, in the end it sticks to the point on what it opened with. So it is more about life like how a small mistake can change everything forever. But it's also how a big mistake can lead to preserve some sweet memories till life continues in whatever state. A practical subject dealt in a thoughtful way as much as possible. For some people it will be a must see, but surely worth a watch by everyone.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [368942, 333319, 364540, 339079]}