{"tmdb_id": 340837, "title": "A Cure for Life", "original_title": "A Cure for Wellness", "slug_title": "a-cure-for-life", "date": "2017-02-15", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Lockhart, jeune cadre ambitieux, est lanc\u00e9 sur la trace de son patron disparu dans un myst\u00e9rieux centre de bien-\u00eatre en Suisse. Pris au pi\u00e8ge de l\u2019Institut et de son \u00e9nigmatique corps m\u00e9dical, il d\u00e9couvre peu \u00e0 peu la sinistre nature des soins propos\u00e9s aux patients. Alors qu\u2019on lui diagnostique le m\u00eame mal qui habite l\u2019ensemble des pensionnaires, Lockhart n\u2019a plus d\u2019autres choix que de se soumettre \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9trange traitement d\u00e9livr\u00e9 par le centre\u2026 la Cure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d4fXuJS3zZcAZfz2HYDtnwqtnwn.jpg", "actors": ["Dane DeHaan (Mr. Lockhart)", "Jason Isaacs (Dr. Heinreich Volmer / Baron von Reichmerl)", "Mia Goth (Hannah von Reichmerl)", "Adrian Schiller (Deputy Director)", "Celia Imrie (Victoria Watkins)", "Harry Groener (Roland Pembroke)", "Tomas Norstr\u00f6m (Frank Hill)", "Jeff Burrell (Funeral Director)", "Ivo Nandi (Enrico)", "Magnus Krepper (Pieter the Vet)", "Michael Mendl (Bartender)", "Craig Wroe (Morris)", "David Bishins (Hank Green)", "Lisa Banes (Hollis)", "Carl Lumbly (Mr. Wilson)", "Jason Babinsky (Carl)", "Johannes Krisch (Caretaker)", "Maggie Steed (Mrs. Abramov)", "Ashok Mandanna (Ron Nair)", "Eric Todd (Josh)", "Rebecca Street (Lockhart's Mother)", "Bert Tischendorf (Lockhart's Father)", "Douglas Hamilton (9-Year-Old Lockhart)", "Leonard Kunz (Frank)", "Daniel Michel (Denim)", "Tom Flynn (Humphrey)", "Sophie Charlotte Conrad (Bar Girl)", "Natascha Lawiszus (Bar Girl)", "Luzie Scheuritzel (Bar Girl)", "Manon Kahle (Secretary)", "Adrian Zwicker (Conductor)", "Peter Benedict (Constable)", "Julia Graefner (Vet's Daughter)", "Nino B\u00f6hlau (Drawing Boy)", "Annette Lober (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Susanne Wuest (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Godehard Giese (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Nadine Boeske (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Judith Hoersch (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Angelina H\u00e4ntsch (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Axel Buchholz (Volmer Institute Staff)", "David Bredin (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Matthias Britschgi (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Andreas Dobberkau (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Sarah Franke (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Caspar Kaeser (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Sebastian Kaufmane (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Martin Laue (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Benedict Seifert (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Roman Schomburg (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Florian Steffens (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Sven Timmreck (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Hanna Wollschlaeger (Volmer Institute Staff)", "Jef Bayonne (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Klaus Burckhardt (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Helmut Boelling (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Renate Prack (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Matthias Rick (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Peter Simlinger (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Jutta Marina Von Brunkau (Volmer Institute Patient)", "Johnny Otto (Doctor Barlock (uncredited))", "Natalia Bobrich (Nurse (uncredited))", "Alexander Yassin (Wall Street Banker (uncredited))", "Chris Theisinger (Wallstreet Broker (uncredited))", "David S\u00e1nchez Calvo (Orderly (uncredited))", "Earl Vincent Sherwood II (Ron NYC Driver (uncredited))", "Chris Huszar (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Marko Buzin (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Matt Lindquist ((voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "RoidDroidVoid", "content": "The movie did a great job with atmosphere and mood for sure but the hollow plot devices, shaky motives, nonsensical 'science' and the burden set upon me to suspend disbelief against all odds makes it one that I cannot recommend.\r\n\r\nIt is unfortunate that they did not have a more experienced or capable writer to consult before moving ahead.  I think the right person may have been able to untangle this knot of a script.\r\n\r\nAll other elements were well done and I could feel the tension and sense of isolation grow throughout the film.  They did so much right that it is a terrible shame that, ultimately, it went so wrong."}, {"pseudo": "PimplyChicken", "content": "My goodness! Two and a half hours of absolute drivel. The worst movie I have seen in a long time. The list of things that are wrong with this movie are almost too many to list. \r\n\r\nFirst the good: the makers of this movie have obviously paid a lot of attention and have gone to a lot of trouble in the design of the movie. The location and the settings are stunning. The 'spa' where the story takes place is suitably unsettling and creepy. The music also is a highlight. That's where the good ends, unfortunately. \r\n\r\nThe plot of this movie is an absolute mess. It seems the producers weren't sure what they were going for: Gothic horror? Dark and quirky? Straight out frightening? As a result, the finished product is none of these things. The movie swings from one improbable scenario to another. New plot elements are introduced with no relation to what has gone before. Several times the movie arrives at what seems to be a conclusion before picking itself up, introducing a hitherto unreferenced, unrelated, unnecessary and unlikely plot 'twist' and then lurching on its demented way. It's almost as if the makers finished the movie and then someone thought of something else to include - often borrowed from another, better movie - and they tacked it on the end. The movie seems interminable. Its two and a half hour run time could have been shortened by an hour and resulted in a somewhat enjoyable story. \r\n\r\nIt also doesn't help that the denouement is pretty obvious quite early in the piece or that certain of the plot elements are not really explained properly or that none of the characters are likeable or worthy of the viewer's sympathy or that most of the tension is provided by the music, not by the story or acting.\r\n\r\nIn short, if you're looking for a good evening's entertainment look elsewhere. This ain't it."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_A Cure for Wellness_ is most certainly not going to be for everyone. It's spectacularly, deliberately, uncomfortably ugly (albeit, in a bizarrely beautiful way). It's story is flawed, it's long (two and a half hours all told), it's slow, some of its setups don't evolve into payoffs, it's not half as mysterious or clever as it might think it is, and it can't even hold to its own mythology 100%. But I loved it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The mysteries behind a misty mountain fortress!**\r\n\r\nSeems the films of this director won't survive without Johnny Depp in the lead. Just one good film would change that conception. Is this the one! No, but was very close. After seeing the film I thought it could be based on the novel, but isn't. The writers must be good to create such atmosphere, outside the novel. I was very impressed with the film, though the screenplay lagged the pace. And a few things need to be explained where the narration failed to do so, keeping in mind the average intelligent people. Other than that it is a decent mystery-drama associated with fantasy and sci-fi. \r\n\r\nDue to a financial crisis in the firm, a young New Yorker goes to the Swiss Alps looking for his boss. At first he struggles to make a contact with him as the staffers are not friendly. After an unexpected incident, he has to stay a bit longer. In those periods, he comes to realise there's something wrong with the place, hence decides to uncover. Does he really do it! His struggles in the attempt and everything else were told in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nSomewhat it reminded me 'Perfume: The Story of a Murderer'. Not until you finish watching it or figure it out the puzzle. Then the BG score was too clich\u00e9 for such concept, but nothing can be replaced it. The film had a good opening. Even the mid part. But dragged in the latter section. The overall length of the film was another drawback for the narration.\r\n\r\nThere were no empty scenes, everything's were filled with something, but the end twist was not as phenomenal as promised in the earlier developments. Especially if you had seen a handful of similar masterpieces. It was kind of an old concept, like the pre 80s or something. Yet acceptable at present for being rare. Thus, it depends how well it was made. An above average film, but for those who haven't seen many films in their lives, this will be a great one.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "k02t", "content": "First of all, it's not for everyone. It might seem repetitive, too long or stupid at times. However, it's worth a shot merely because of it's visuals and the constant intrigue whether the protagonist is to believed or not. The so-called 'plot holes' in the movie are open to interpretation and thought and never bothered me. The ending could have been cut short, but it's a reminder that perhaps there are no good guys here. Seems to be a product of another era, perhaps too ambitious for its own good."}, {"pseudo": "flabob257", "content": "I got sucked into this movie and i liked it.  It was different. I started this movie cause i couldnt find the remote so i watched this and it was good.  Even had Lizard ppl.  I'll give it a 7 out of 10."}], "recommandations_id": [397243, 418078, 395992, 393519], "youtube_key": "JF1rLFCdewU"}