{"tmdb_id": 34081, "title": "Ted Bundy", "original_title": "Ted Bundy", "slug_title": "ted-bundy", "date": "2002-11-22", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Horreur"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Ted Bundy est un \u00e9tudiant qui pr\u00e9sente bien, a une petite amie et \u00e9pie d'autres filles par leurs fen\u00eatres d'appartements sous lesquelles il se masturbe. Un soir, il entre chez l'une d'elle, la frappe \u00e0 coups de marteau, la viole tout en la martelant de coups de poing. Ainsi commence la triste carri\u00e8re d'un \" inadapt\u00e9 social \" pour lequel le terme \" serial-killer \" fut invent\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jWN05Qc7jbSPbVpFjkX0nUidWbU.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Reilly Burke (Ted Bundy)", "Boti Bliss (Lee)", "Tracey Walter (Randy Myers)", "Deborah Offner (Beverly)", "Tom Savini (Salt Lake City Detective)", "Tiffany Shepis (Tina Gabler)", "Julianna McCarthy (Professor)", "Steffani Brass (Julie)", "Matt Hoffman (Arnie)", "Phoebe Dollar (Richardson)", "Marina Black (Kate)", "Alexa Jago (Betty)", "Jennifer Tisdale (Pretty Girl)", "Michael Santos (Man at Window)", "Annalee Autumn (Girl Attacked on Street)", "Eric DaRe (Male Partygoer)", "Melissa Schmidt (Female Party Goer)", "Orly Tepper (Dead Girl in Woods)", "Susan Featherly (Bundy Victim)", "Alexa Nikolas (I'm Ted Kid)", "Jesse Rutherford (I'm Ted Kid)", "Katrina Miller (Gilchrest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The worst kind of Teddy Bear.\r\n\r\nTricky. As always with serial killer films, you hope that the subject is handled in such a way so as to justify you having invested time in it. Matthew Bright\u2019s instalment into the hall of shame legacy left by one Theodore Robert Bundy, is uncompromising and unforgettable. Could the charge of exploitation be levelled at Bright and his backers? No, I don\u2019t think so.\r\n\r\nThe advent of time where film is concerned has seen film makers now be able to tackle difficult subjects for maximum impact. Bright, in the main, follows the real life of Bundy and his vile crimes. His home life and trail of destruction are covered graphically, so if anyone was in any doubt about the measure of Bundy\u2019s evil via previous film, TV or literary interpretations? Then this is the gaping wound of Bundy tellings, with salt poured in.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s nigh on impossible to recommend as an essential viewing experience, I myself haven\u2019t been able to get some of the images out of my head some 5 days after watching it. But that\u2019s the point, surely? Some minor fabrications aside (we cheer the events just prior to the electrocution, but it didn\u2019t happen), this is one of the best films of the bloody sub-genre of horror it sits in. For impact and Michael Reilly Burke\u2019s bold and scary performance as Bundy, it has artistic merit. If you have the stomach for it that is. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [79161, 58628, 43673, 16767], "youtube_key": "9tJAW9fpkWU"}