{"tmdb_id": 34084, "title": "J'enterre les vivants", "original_title": "I Bury the Living", "slug_title": "j-enterre-les-vivants", "date": "1958-07-01", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Horreur", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Nomm\u00e9 responsable d'un cimeti\u00e8re, Robert Kraft y observe d'\u00e9tranges ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes.\r Une impression effrayante de \"d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu\", l'incapacit\u00e9 \u00e0 augmenter la temp\u00e9rature du local...\r Mais il d\u00e9couvre surtout, \u00e0 sa grande horreur, que des \u00e9pingles noires plant\u00e9es dans la carte du\r cimeti\u00e8re semblent provoquer la mort des propri\u00e9taires des lotissements concern\u00e9s...\r Mais quand il remplace une \u00e9pingle noire par une blanche, il se produit bien autre chose...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rYnMj8alQZxiXVHRKy41R6Kk3Ud.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Boone (Robert Kraft)", "Theodore Bikel (Andy McKee)", "Peggy Maurer (Ann Craig)", "Howard Smith (George Kraft)", "Herbert Anderson (Jess Jessup)", "Robert Osterloh (Lt. Clayborne)", "Russ Bender (Henry Trowbridge)", "Glen Vernon (Stuart Drexel)", "Lynette Bernay (Elizabeth Parrish Drexel)", "Ken Drake (Bill Honegger)", "Matt Moore (Charles Bates Sr.)", "Cyril Delevanti (William Isham)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "No needles, just pins!\r\n\r\nI Bury the Living is directed by Albert Band and written by Louis Garfinkle. It stars Richard Boone, Theodore Bikel, Howard Smith, Herbert Anderson, Robert Osterloh and Peggy Maurer. Music is scored by Gerald Fried and cinematography by Frederick Gately.\r\n\r\nRobert Kraft (Boone) is appointed as the custodian of Immortal Hills Cemetery. On the wall in the cemetery office is a large map that details the plots that are taken by the dead, and the plots that are reserved by other town members. These are signified by black (taken) and white (reserved) pins. When Kraft accidentally places a black pin on the names of living people, he is stunned to find they end up dead shortly after. Coincidence? \r\n\r\nThe title and the fabulous poster art that accompanies it has lured in many a horror fan, only for them to be disappointed with the end product since it's more a mystery thriller with potentially supernatural overtones. A slimline and modest budgeted pic, it's a film that sadly doesn't make the most of the premise at its core. However, there's still a very enjoyable movie here, one that thrives on an uneasy atmosphere and showcases some neat visual film noirish, touches. \r\n\r\nShot in stark black and white to perfectly emphasise the shadowy tension in the plotting, director Band deftly lets the office cemetery map become the dominant force of the piece, marrying it up with the ever fretful Kraft's mental being. These scenes with just Kraft in the cold isolated office are the films best. Though the outer shots in the cemetery, with tombstones and wrought iron fencing, are suitably eerie too. \r\n\r\nBoone leads off with a very good performance as a man trying to comprehend the situation whilst doing the right thing, and music and photography is well worthy of our eyes and ears. It could have gone a darker route with Boone's protagonist, while the resolution has understandably infuriated more than it has pleased, but for its unique feel and worthy tech credits it's a better than average time filler. 7/10\r\n\r\nDVD viewed was French Region 2 release from Bach Movies. Good print"}], "recommandations_id": [43248, 3593, 48421, 37522]}