{"tmdb_id": 341174, "title": "Cinquante nuances plus sombres", "original_title": "Fifty Shades Darker", "slug_title": "cinquante-nuances-plus-sombres", "date": "2017-02-08", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9pass\u00e9e par les sombres secrets de Christian Grey, Ana Steele a mis un terme \u00e0 leur relation pour se consacrer \u00e0 sa carri\u00e8re d'\u00e9ditrice. Mais son d\u00e9sir pour Grey occupe toujours toutes ses pens\u00e9es et lorsqu'il lui propose un nouvel accord, elle ne peut y r\u00e9sister. Peu \u00e0 peu, elle en apprend d'avantage sur le douloureux pass\u00e9 de son t\u00e9n\u00e9breux M. Grey, toujours aussi passionn\u00e9. Tandis que Christian lutte contre ses d\u00e9mons int\u00e9rieurs, Ana doit prendre la d\u00e9cision la plus importante de sa vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aybgjbFbn6yUbsgUMnUbwc2jcWd.jpg", "actors": ["Dakota Johnson (Anastasia Steele)", "Jamie Dornan (Christian Grey)", "Eric Johnson (Jack Hyde)", "Eloise Mumford (Kate Kavanagh)", "Bella Heathcote (Leila Williams)", "Rita Ora (Mia Grey)", "Luke Grimes (Elliot Grey)", "Victor Rasuk (Jos\u00e9 Rodriguez)", "Max Martini (Jason Taylor)", "Bruce Altman (Jerry Roach)", "Kim Basinger (Elena Lincoln)", "Marcia Gay Harden (Dr. Grace Trevelyan-Grey)", "Andrew Airlie (Carrick Grey)", "Robinne Lee (Ros Bailey)", "Amy Price-Francis (Liz Morgan)", "Fay Masterson (Gail Jones)", "Ashleigh LaThrop (Hannah)", "Paniz Zade (Greta)", "Carmen Dollard (Ella)", "Bill Dow (Willis)", "Julia Dominczak (Gretchen)", "Shiraine Haas (Gwen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The next fifty shades between an ordinary woman and a billionaire.**\r\n\r\nThe film was not received well as the book was. Just like the first film, it has been another below average. Might be because of its theme. Usually this kind of films do great business, but ratings and reviews does not praise or encourage the film. So I doubt anybody will be bored of it, which means watchable film and instead it won't be their favourite.\r\n\r\nThe story continued and this time it was not based on experiment or any kind of agreement, but mutual understanding. So the billionaire Grey and Ana's erotic adventure sustains. With the small-small developments the film goes all the way to the ending. That means, those who are watching it for the selected scenes, will surely would have a nice time. But nothing was strong as any European film on the similar theme.\r\n\r\nApart from the weak storyline, there's nothing wrong with it. As to what this film is about, it served better. That's what I say to you not to expect full storied romance-drama. As usual the actors were good and another two films to come in the 'Fifty Shades' franchise. I hope they can be better than the first two. Overall, it is only for the selected audience, but curiosity makes everybody watch it and they all pour they perspective which is flooded with average to negative. Otherwise, it is an acceptable film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [216015, 337167, 24021, 18239], "youtube_key": "n6BVyk7hty8"}