{"tmdb_id": 34128, "title": "Peter and Vandy", "original_title": "Peter and Vandy", "slug_title": "peter-and-vandy", "date": "2009-01-01", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wSHkhGDDxq2hTVg9w4enSX5yben.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Ritter (Peter)", "Jess Weixler (Vandy)", "Jesse L. Martin (Paul)", "Tracie Thoms (Marissa)", "Noah Bean (Andrew)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A relationship viewed from the past and present!**\r\n\r\nNot easy to understand in just one watch. But still it does justice for watching it once. Too random sequences of present and past, though the point was proven. It's nothing, but a simple romance drama. Most close to the real world relationship. You would still feel the cinematic effect, yet if you encounter a scene that happened in your life and around you, that won't be a surprise. Because a relationship has to go through such phases.\r\n\r\nI felt like the dialogues should have been much better, because I can't point out it was whether editing issue or the dialogues. At the end, I realised it was the character Peter, designed in that way. Yep, he seems an average, particularly his skills against women, are poor. So I felt bad for Vandy to get trapped with such person. But love can strike anywhere to/with anyone, right! This is a decent film if you like to take a chance, because it is not your regular romance-drama.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [156277, 318033, 60158, 14167]}