{"tmdb_id": 341744, "title": "Truman", "original_title": "Truman", "slug_title": "truman", "date": "2015-10-30", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Julian, un madril\u00e8ne, re\u00e7oit la visite inattendue de son ami Tomas qui vit au Canada. Ils sont loin de se douter qu\u2019ils vont passer avec Truman, le chien fid\u00e8le de Julian, des moments \u00e9mouvants et surprenants\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8tPCXIlybSZCBwr0zK3GvpQ27fd.jpg", "actors": ["Ricardo Dar\u00edn (Juli\u00e1n)", "Javier C\u00e1mara (Tom\u00e1s)", "Dolores Fonzi (Paula)", "\u00c0lex Brendem\u00fchl (Veterinario)", "Troilo (Truman)", "Elisabet Altube (Chica Dealer)", "Javier Guti\u00e9rrez (Asesor funeraria)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Spending one final quality time with an old friend.\r\n\r\nIt is not that hard to describe, I mean the entire story in a couple of lines, but scene by scene it embarks on the different level. A very ordinary tale that takes place in less than one week time, at a same time it catches your attention in a gentle manner. A perfect movie with the balanced contents. I admit, this is not what I expected, but still delivered the same quality differently. It takes us to the various locations to capitalise the concept and gives an idea how the real people in the real world express during their distressed time. I think I kind of liked its rich screenplay and the overall production quality.\r\n\r\nThe movie was very slow, definitely need patience to watch it. It opened in a snowy Canadian residential area and soon begins to follow a middle ages man called Tomas saying goodbye to his family to board a plane for Madrid to meet his old pal, Julian. This unexpected visit gives an opportunity for Julian, a single father to open his heart to talk about the future plan, especially for his loving dog, Truman. The rest of the movie follows their lead by revealing some of the unknown to about each other.\r\n\r\nYes, the title name was a dog character. It took some times to figure it out why and how important was this name for the movie. Almost the entire watch, only in the end scene, it all made sense. Besides, that is the part I fell for it, I think it was the best way to conclude.  I love this kind of theme, this is where my softer side unfolds and feel the depth of the character or the tale that intended to strike emotionally. But the thing is, it was not a tearjerker drama as I wanted or it should have been.\r\n\r\n> \"People don't know what to say to me.\r\n> They smell death and they get scared.\"\r\n\r\nAnother unique narration that dealt with having friendship in the front row for its simple ride. It might be a plot that evolved around two friends' four days wandering everywhere, but covered family issues as well, especially the father-son relationship for a brief time, but strongly. It took all the time in the beginning, but the second half was very interesting after it makes you comfort with the characters and enough story development to move on from there.\r\n\r\nIt was a less fun, but a more meaningful movie than I thought. All the comedies were dark, it is unfortunate not to have even a small smile. The main source for it was the argument caused by the differences between the friends over what they decided to do, but in the end held back to normalcy as the character were matured and had a good understanding.\r\n\r\nSo the comedy is only the tag that attached to the movie, but it was a very absorbing topic on its progress till the final minute. Yet, I'm very upset with a sex scene that definitely out of the synchronisation with the rest of the story. When everything was going so smooth it appeared from nowhere like a twist in the tale, I felt that was totally inappropriate. And also that 100 seconds changed the fate of the movie from a PG-13 to R product, though there was no strong nudity.\r\n\r\nIt was effortless, but exceptional performances, especially by the leading two including the Argentinian superstar Ricardo Darin. And I don't forget the dog in the title role, but sadly his screenspace was very short. Obviously this movie is not designed to impact on all the viewers, so it is going to fail to satisfy a few, especially for its slow presentation without a cheerable background score. That means I suggest you to choose it carefully, by learning what the movie offers against what you actually want from it. But overall, it is surely worth to give a try.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [350849, 351145, 335053, 391618]}