{"tmdb_id": 34193, "title": "Magic", "original_title": "Magic", "slug_title": "magic", "date": "1978-11-08", "genre": "Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Form\u00e9 par le vieux Merlin, l'illusionniste Corky Withers rencontre le succ\u00e8s \u00e0 partir du jour o\u00f9 il introduit dans son spectacle une marionnette \u00e0 son image, nomm\u00e9e Fats. Ventriloque, Corky d\u00e9tourne l'attention du public gr\u00e2ce aux plaisanteries de Fats: autant Corky est gentil et effac\u00e9, autant Fats est vulgaire et agressif. Bient\u00f4t poss\u00e9d\u00e9 par sa marionnette, celle-ci l'entra\u00eene \u00e0 commettre des actes diaboliques et meurtriers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/edxr6rPbpLh1V6dTiMIiyHNKRi9.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Hopkins (Corky Withers / Fats (Voice))", "Ann-Margret (Peggy Ann Snow)", "Burgess Meredith (Ben Greene)", "Ed Lauter (Duke)", "E.J. Andr\u00e9 (Merlin)", "Jerry Houser (Cab Driver)", "David Ogden Stiers (George Todson)", "Lillian Randolph (Sadie)", "Joe Lowry (Club M.C.)", "Robert Hackman (Father)", "Mary Munday (Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "'We're gonna be star-arrrs.'\r\n\u2014 \"Fats\"\r\n\r\nIt had been two weeks after seeing Phantasm that my family's weekly \"Movie Date Night\" continued on with the next film treat on our list: Magic, the Richard Attenborough directed psychological horror, in which the now legendary Anthony Hopkins stars as Charles \"Corky\" Withers, an aspiring magician and Ventriloquist, whom, \"in partnership\" with a profanity-spewing ventriloquist dummy named \"Fats\", perform their comedy shticks before live audiences and together become a huge success. But the newfound fame - even coming with an offer to star in his own television show - just isn't good enough for the \"severely troubled\" Corky: For he is a man who has never let go of his past. And that past includes a woman on whom Corky had an intense crush, even from his highschool years. Enter Ann-Margaret, who portrays Peggy Snow, Corky's childhood crush. Corky wants her all for himself, especially now considering his newfound fame. But Peggy is already married to one of Corky's old highschool buddies ... And this realization does not sit well with Corky ... Or with Fats, Corky's wooden dummy...and alter ego. From there, Magic turns horrifying.\r\n\r\nTwo things about Magic creeped me out prior to the film's theater release: The terrifying trailer ads which featured on the radio, and the film's original theatrical release poster. Just based on the intensity of those two previews, I knew that Magic was going to be a bone-chilling flick. And my instincts proved to be true.\r\n\r\nThis film boasts a superb dual performance by Hopkins as both Corky and Fats, as does it with a fine supporting cast that, in addition to the storied Ann-Margaret, includes: Ed Later, whom, by the way, plays Peggy's husband Duke; Burgess Meredith, Lillian Randolph, and David Ogden Stiers, among others.\r\n\r\nMagic is a genuine classic and a definite must-see for any passionate fan of cult horror."}], "recommandations_id": [18196, 27230, 26912, 39891]}