{"tmdb_id": 342003, "title": "Eli", "original_title": "Eli", "slug_title": "eli", "date": "2015-06-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "A small-time thief is asked by a cop to infiltrate a gang of smugglers and collect evidence against them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aIYDlMl7pX2Oopf9xwsNXzuNbTd.jpg", "actors": ["Vadivelu ()", "Sadha ()", "Pradeep Ram Singh Rawat (Nagarajan)", "Kitty ()", "Adithya Menon ()", "Mahanadhi Sankar ()", "Santhana Bharathi ()", "Raj Kapoor ()", "Muthukalai ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "The most amusing thing in Eli is the way its hero, Vadivelu, reads the pre-credits smoking disclaimer. Now, that should give you an idea of how the actual movie is \u2014 overlong, dull and largely unfunny. The director, Yuvaraj Dhayalan, seems to be after a spoof of spy movies but the filmmaking has no comic rhythm and the script, which rehashes elements from movies as varied as Ragasiya Police 115 and The Departed, is too slack that scenes just go on for ever. \r\n\r\nThe plot revolves around the police trying to capture a gang of cigarette smugglers headed by Nagarajan ( Pradeep Rawat), who has managed to elude the cops because of a mole in the police department. So, the commissioner ( Adithya) approaches Elisamy aka Eli (Vadivelu), who aspired to become a cop but ended up as a small-time crook after failing the test because of a minor technicality, to infiltrate the gang, collect evidence against them and find out who the mole is. \r\n\r\nOne of the most infuriating aspects of Eli is that things happen without any rhyme or reason. We wonder why the film had to be set in the 1960s. Maybe, the period look is supposed to automatically give the film a funny tone. But then, the look isn't followed throughout; we see modern-day buildings, grounds and things in the background every time the action takes place outdoors. Ironically, it is the writing that feels dated. The villain smuggles cigarettes. Why cigarettes and not the usual not diamonds or drugs? Just to give the film a 'message'. We get a duet where Vadivelu lip-syncs to Aaradhana's Mere Sapnon Ki Rani and romances Sadaa (who is technically the heroine but appears only in the second half). Why a Hindi song? Probably the filmmakers thought Vadivelu singing a Hindi song would be funny \u2014 it isn't. \r\n\r\nThe film is filled with characters who think they are funny but rather come across as irritating. The dialogues have to make us laugh instantly but the timing is quite off that you can count the moments where we break into a chuckle. As for Vadivelu, he gets a feet-first introduction befitting a top hero, gets to do stunts and tries hard to make us laugh but there is hardly any spark in this material for him to keep us entertained. Some of his physical comedy works but there are times when it becomes grating (like when he tries to make faces like a rat). The film is a wake-up call for the gifted comedian whose career is currently at the crossroads."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "z2sLYghEvSE"}