{"tmdb_id": 342044, "title": "Bigger and Better", "original_title": "Bigger and Better", "slug_title": "bigger-and-better", "date": "1930-10-24", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "On the train trip home from school, all the kids except Dave talk about taking a vacation trip to Lake Arrowhead; Dave wants a summer job. Alabam suggests that his uncle might hire Dave at a department store. The uncle likes Dave's attitude and tells Alabam and Mickey they should work there too. Reluctantly, Alabam takes a sales assignment in ladies' accessories, where he's charming but clueless. Mickey, lazy and on the take, sees the store detective helping himself to a chocolate bar, so he wants that job. Dave learns the hard way that the customer is always right, Mickey puts the cuffs on the wrong customer, and Lake Arrowhead looks very far away.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Mickey Daniels (Mickey Daniels)", "Grady Sutton (Grady 'Alabam' Sutton)", "David Sharpe (Dave Sharpe)", "Mary Kornman (Mary)", "Dorothy Granger (Dorothy)", "Gertrude Messinger (Gertie)", "Betty Mae Crane (Introductory Titles)", "Beverly Crane (Introductory Titles)", "Joseph Forte (Store Detective)", "Dick Granger (Minor Role)", "Jim Granger (Minor Role)", "Dell Henderson (Mr. Kornman)", "Isabelle Keith (Mrs. Vanderveer)", "Edgar Kennedy (Uncle Ed Sutton)", "Carl M. Leviness (Mr. Shipman)", "Lyle Tayo (Hollywood Kate, the Shoplifter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}