{"tmdb_id": 342474, "title": "Marions-nous !", "original_title": "Jenny's Wedding", "slug_title": "marions-nous", "date": "2015-07-31", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Jenny subit les pressions de sa famille qui ne souhaite qu'une chose : que celle-ci trouve un mari. La jeune femme va alors annoncer \u00e0 ses parents qu'elle souhaite se marier avec sa compagne Kitty. Toute la famille tombe alors des nues en apprenant son homosexualit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oySIzPzOPPtAS79AgbFs9NxrU8A.jpg", "actors": ["Katherine Heigl (Jenny)", "Tom Wilkinson (Eddie)", "Alexis Bledel (Kitty)", "Grace Gummer (Anne)", "Linda Emond (Rose)", "Matthew Metzger (Michael)", "Cathleen O'Malley (Lorraine)", "Sam McMurray (Denny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Is there any better gay themed movie for the family audience?\r\n\r\nThis is an awesome movie for families, maybe except orthodox families. It is a lesbian theme, but not a romance movie. A beautiful drama filled with some good humours. This is not about two women falling in love and their relationship complications, but the family of one of them who struggle to accept after knowing their daughter is a gay. The daughter wanted to marry her sweetheart and start a family. So how things shape up within the family, who lose, who gain and what happens at the end is the remaining.\r\n\r\nThe title says it is a Jenny's wedding, but the wedding is a small part, the rest is all about Jenny's family. While portraying the family about how they're coping with the news, I liked how the film focused one at a time and their way of coming out of the frame they're in. Mostly it was the perspective of the women, because the writer was a woman, so she knew how to carve it. That's why the father's part slightly lacked the exhibition, nevertheless, that's the only male character that has to be so tough.\r\n\r\nSuch a wonderful narration, totally an unexpected movie. Surely one of the underrated movie of the year. The cast was fantastic. Among all the characters, Alexis Bledel's role was disappointingly shorter. Anyway, she was not that important, but the rest of them had played their part exceptionally. Great dialogues, sometimes emotionally gets us. Is there any best gay themed film for families, I've not seen quite good as this one. I definitely recommend it.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [358180, 359921, 357677, 134434], "youtube_key": "MsRh-PTeXzw"}