{"tmdb_id": 342518, "title": "Lock and Load", "original_title": "Lock and Load", "slug_title": "lock-and-load", "date": "2015-05-26", "genre": [""], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "James is a retired hit man, enjoying his continuous bedroom romps with his horny wife, Abigail Mac. In the middle of the night, intruders kidnap his wife as they beat him to a pulp. Later he receives a phone call from Danny, his old employer. Danny tells him he can't retire, and he has an assignment to complete or else his wife dies. He accepts, but upon arrival to the location witnesses big-breasted vixen, Alexis Adams screwing a random guy. Not easily distracted he continues his job, but discovers a target on his head worth a million dollars! Danny makes calls to several hit men, particularly the sexy Eva Lovia, whose incredible ass could kill with one look. Once she's finished banging her boy toy, she promises to kill James immediately. Too bad she doesn't know James has nothing to lose, and he'll kill everyone to get the love of his life back, even if it's for one final lay!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tlFfNq7rTaXnsURiwBAeQW5fEOr.jpg", "actors": ["Eva Lovia ()", "Abigail Mac ()", "Abella Danger ()", "Bonnie Rotten ()", "Peta Jensen ()", "Alexis Adams ()", "Veronica Rodriguez ()", "Kleio Valentien ()", "Erik Everhard ()", "Xander Corvus ()", "Danny Mountain ()", "Derrick Pierce ()", "Ryan Driller ()", "John Strong ()", "Bradley Brennan ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}