{"tmdb_id": 342672, "title": "Mes potes et moi", "original_title": "4th Man Out", "slug_title": "mes-potes-et-moi", "date": "2015-05-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9 son homosexualit\u00e9 \u00e0 ses meilleurs amis on ne peut plus h\u00e9t\u00e9ros, un jeune m\u00e9canicien tente de trouver l'homme id\u00e9al avec leur aide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/msu52hNvFSzaQurUo7XO5iym09E.jpg", "actors": ["Evan Todd (Adam)", "Parker Young (Chris)", "Chord Overstreet (Nick)", "Jon Gabrus (Ortu)", "Kate Flannery (Karen)", "Laura Harrier (Dorothy Cuda)", "Brooke Dillman (Martha)", "Jennifer Damiano (Tracy)", "Jordan Lane Price (Jessica)", "Alex Rennie (Paul the Stoner)", "Jake Epstein (Marc Peters)", "Doug Moe (Bradstar)", "Nick Clark (Matt)", "Danelle Eliav (Michelle)", "Rich Lounello (Frank)", "Heather Sage Blair (Lindsay)", "Ron Polacco (Ronnie)", "Mitch Giannunzio (Father O'Malley)", "Brandon Gill (Hugh)", "Tommy Bracco (Giovanni)", "Trey Gerrald (Proctor)", "Lucas Hazlett (Julian)", "Sean Hankinson (Derek)", "Marquis Wood (Steve)", "Karlee Fomalont (Kim)", "Christopher Whalen (Ugo)", "Erika Smith (Brenda)", "Kenneth De Abrew (Freddie)", "Vanessa Thorpe (Wanda)", "Brett Eidman (Papa Ortu)", "Elisabeth Henry-Macari (Grandma Ortu)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> No matter what comes between, the friendship remains forever!\r\n\r\nI had seen lots of gay themed films, but this one was different and way better I felt. This was not about the romance, sex or the social struggle, it was about the friendship and nothing else. When one of four friends reveal that he's a gay, how the remaining three reacts to it and what are all damages done to their longstanding friendship is the film.\r\n\r\nI don't know any of these actors, but I liked their performance. And for the first timer, the direction was not bad which was done in just 17 days. Obviously not a greatest film of the year or the best gay film ever, but it had some great moments. A simple story about the four ordinary friends, and their unexpected situation to deal with. Something they're not used to it, but trying their best to adapt forth in the life.\r\n\r\nOnly occasional use of a few obscene lines, so the film is safe to watch for all. It avoids the some usual gay related clich\u00e9, and provides with a fresh storyline. The laughs were not big, especially it avoids the offendable joke topics the most. So overall a decent comedy. For its low budget, the film actually looked like a big production film with a quality narration. Maybe you're not interested in the gay films, but if you do, then don't miss this little gem.\r\n\r\n6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [267463, 340684, 337960, 167581], "youtube_key": "FN8CSPZCWjs"}