{"tmdb_id": 34374, "title": "Meurtre par d\u00e9cret", "original_title": "Murder by Decree", "slug_title": "meurtre-par-decret", "date": "1979-02-01", "genre": ["Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Sherlock Holmes et le docteur Watson sont sur la piste de Jack l'\u00c9ventreur. Leur enqu\u00eate va les mener dans l'entourage de la famille royale, du gouvernement britannique et de la franc-ma\u00e7onnerie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zRXOiNnJM9BnO29Jpx7dAaFXvCZ.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Plummer (Sherlock Holmes)", "James Mason (Dr. John H. Watson)", "David Hemmings (Inspector Foxborough)", "John Gielgud (Prime Minister Lord Salisbury)", "Donald Sutherland (Robert Lees)", "Genevi\u00e8ve Bujold (Annie Crook)", "Susan Clark (Mary Kelly)", "Anthony Quayle (Sir Charles Warren)", "Frank Finlay (Inspector Lestrade)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Elementary my dear Ripper!\r\n\r\nMurder by Decree is directed by Bob Clark and adapted to screenplay by John Hopkins from the novel The Ripper File written by Elwyn Jones and John Lloyd. It stars Christopher Plummer, James Mason, David Hemmings, Susan Clark, Frank Finlay, Anthony Quayle, Donald Sutherland, Genevi\u00e8ve Bujold & John Gielgud.\r\n\r\nFilm pitches Sherlock Holmes (Plummer) and Dr. Watson (Mason) into the hunt for Jack the Ripper in Whitechapel, London 1888...\r\n\r\nI've been exploited old fellow, by the very people for whom we are searching.\r\n\r\nThe greatest of detectives searching for Britain's most notorious serial killer, it's a killer pitch that had already had a film made in 1965 called A Study in Terror. That was a film that couldn't quite get it right, here, 14 years later, there's a bigger budget and \"A\" list gloss to help tell the tale. And boy does it work! In the cannon of Sherlock Holmes, Murder by Decree is to Holmes films what On Her Majesty's Secret Service is to the James Bond franchise. Appertaining to the great detective himself, it's the odd one out, a divisive picture, not because it's rubbish or technically shy, but because the main man protagonist dares to be human, a man of conscious; politically, socially and ethically. He's still the same charming, clever and complex character most have come to know and love, but Murder by Decree fronts him out as a human being, with Watson alongside him as a non buffoon bloke doing his bit for the case whilst remaining sensitive about the last pea on his plate! It's these characterisations, splendidly played by two actors of considerable talent, that are at the core of the film's success.\r\n\r\nIf she dies and you come under my hand? Expect no mercy.\r\n\r\nPeriod production value is high, it has to be for a Jolly Jack based movie. Bring the dark, bring the smog and bring the Victorian costumes (Judy Moorcroft). Then play it out amongst shadowy lamp lighted cobbled streets and let the sets drip with slum London sweat and tears. All that is required then is to have a source story of compelling interest, of which Murder by Decree scores greatly as well. It's fanciful for sure, but the most spectacular of all Ripper theories. From a secret love child to the Freemasons, and up to Royalty itself, it's a potent notion put forward. That is of course conjecture as a solution, but the makers are to be applauded for taking that idea and successfully combining the Arthur Conan Doyle creations with historical reality, something that A Study in Terror fell considerably short on.\r\n\r\nRest of the cast is filled out with some quality as well, where Hemmings, Quayle, Finlay, Gielgud and Bujold don't disappoint, the latter of which gets to really perform with substance in the pivotal scene set in an Asylum. Only real let down is Sutherland, or more like what the makers did (didn't do) with him. His psychic Robert Lees crops up for a couple of small scenes for what we expect will be a telling contribution to the plot, but they aren't. It seems like just an excuse to do Sutherland up like he had just awoken from the grave, and to give the picture some ethereal sheen moments. For the finale and the big reveal of the Ripper, Plummer is simply magnificent. He holds court in front of his peers, including the Prime Minister (Gielgud), and unfurls the explanation with impassioned fortitude, it's then that we realise this was always a Sherlock Holmes movie, and not a Jack the Ripper piece. With that, it's one of the best featuring the Deer Stalker wearing fellow. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5185, 29578, 20372, 32044], "youtube_key": "IIVbRyiqROM"}