{"tmdb_id": 345386, "title": "The Wild Westerners", "original_title": "The Wild Westerners", "slug_title": "the-wild-westerners", "date": "1962-06-06", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eDEuaw2ZUslF8YGjsRLZxYu7mzO.jpg", "actors": ["James Philbrook (Marshal Jim McDowell)", "Nancy Kovack (Rose Sharon)", "Duane Eddy (Deputy Marshal Clint Fallon)", "Guy Mitchell (Deputy Johnny Silver)", "Hugh Sanders (Chief Marshal Reuben Bernard)", "Elizabeth MacRae (Crystal Plummer)", "Marshall Reed (Sheriff Henry Plummer)", "Nestor Paiva (Governor John Bullard)", "Harry Lauter (Jud Gotch)", "Bob Steele (Deputy Marshal Casey Banner)", "Lisa Burkett (Yellow Moon)", "Terry Frost (Ashley Cartwright)", "Hans Wedemeyer (Wasna)", "Don C. Harvey (Hanna (as Don Harvey))", "Elizabeth Harrower (Martha Bernard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Gunpowder & Gold!\r\n\r\nThe Wild Westerners is directed by Oscar Rudolph and written by Gerald Drayson Adams. It stars James Philbrook, Nancy Kovack, Duane Eddy and Guy Mitchell. Music is by Ross DiMaggio and Eastman Color cinematography is by Gordon Avil.\r\n\r\nIt is what it is, a traditional Western made with a modest budget that tries to do the best it can. It's 1864 in the Montana Territory and some outlaw types are easily robbing gold shipments. How come it's so easy? This is something Marshal McDowell (Philbrook) and his trusty team must try to answer before it's too late - especially since the Marshal's newly \"acquired\" bride (Kovack) is becoming a key figure.\r\n\r\nOddly enough there is quite a bit going on here for a \"C\" grade production, though the core thematic drive involves outlaws who are made known to us from the off, rendering the shifty - cum - mysterious shenanigans around town as kind of redundant! There's also a thread that involves trying to keep the Cheyenne off of the war path, a burgeoning romance that has the most auspicious of beginnings, and some jealousies and macho posturings. The acting is a mixed bag of the average and the poor, the production value a blend of the nice (outdoor photography at Lone Pine) and the cheap (wonky and poorly designed sets), while there are no surprises in store off of the page. Yet there are far worse Westerns out there that had bigger budgets, it's brisk and has good action, a couple of good guy/bad guy characters to cheer and boo respectively, and Duane Eddy's title guitar music is quality.\r\n\r\nNot one to rush out to see, but some charm and minor qualities stop it from being in stinker hell. 5/10\r\n\r\nSee less\u25b2"}], "recommandations_id": []}