{"tmdb_id": 345785, "title": "Night Raiders", "original_title": "Night Raiders", "slug_title": "night-raiders", "date": "1952-02-03", "genre": "Western", "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "De myst\u00e9rieux hors la loi masqu\u00e9s \"visitent\" les ranches la nuit sans jamais rien emporter. Ils semblent chercher quelque chose de pr\u00e9cis. Les ranchers font appel aux sh\u00e9rifs Whip Wilson et Jim Dugan pour r\u00e9soudre cette affaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vlIg9rkxQdwUqbXQDXOKvOiX9Yh.jpg", "actors": ["Whip Wilson (Whip Wilson)", "Fuzzy Knight (Tex)", "Lois Hall (Laura Davis)", "Tommy Farrell (Jim Dugan)", "Iron Eyes Cody (Henchman Cherokee)", "Marshall Reed (Sheriff Ernie Hodkins)", "Terry Frost (Mike Lorch)", "Lane Bradford (Henchman Talbot)", "Steve Clark (Charley Davis)", "Boyd Stockman (Henchman Al)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ransacking Rigmarole.\r\n\r\nNight Raiders is directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Maurice Tombragel. It stars Whip Wilson, Fuzzy Knight, Lois Hall and Tommy Farrell. Music is by Raoul Kraushaar and cinematography by Ernest Miller.\r\n\r\nBuild a fire under the sheriff to see how he jumps!\r\n\r\nPretty unexciting \"B\" Oater that finds Wilson as a Territory Marshal investigating why in the town of Bitter Springs night raiders are ransacking property - but taking nothing?! Plot is uninteresting which in turn marries up with the over all tired feel to it all. It feels more like a 1930s spooky mystery, something which is further felt via the musical accompaniments. Whip of course cracks his whip and punches heroically and Knight is naturally a lovable buffoon, while the finale involving shootings and fisticuffs among the rocky terrain is pleasingly safe. But it doesn't have enough about it to warrant recommending even as a time waster. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}