{"tmdb_id": 345938, "title": "Le Chemin du pardon", "original_title": "The Shack", "slug_title": "le-chemin-du-pardon", "date": "2017-03-03", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Mack, un homme en deuil, re\u00e7oit une invitation personnelle et myst\u00e9rieuse pour aller \u00e0 la rencontre de Dieu \u00e0 un endroit appel\u00e9 La cabane.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mHTJTEniiC8PYWAv2szGNKCPXIl.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Worthington (Mack Phillips)", "Octavia Spencer (Papa / Elouisa)", "Tim McGraw (Willie)", "Aviv Alush (Jesus)", "Sumire Matsubara (Sarayu)", "Radha Mitchell (Nan Phillips)", "Graham Greene (Male Papa)", "Gage Munroe (Jose Phillips)", "Megan Charpentier (Kate Phillips)", "Lane Edwards (Officer Dalton)", "Alice Braga (Sophia)", "Ryan Robbins (Emil Ducette)", "Emily Holmes (Vicky Ducette)", "Am\u00e9lie Eve (Missy Phillips)", "Jordyn Ashley Olson (Emily Ducette)", "Laura MacKillop (Amber Ducette)", "Derek Hamilton (Mack's Dad)", "Tanya Hubbard (Mack's mom)", "Carson Reaume (Young Mack Phillips)", "David Mackay (Preacher)", "Christopher Britton (Church Deacon)", "Kendall Cross (Special Agent Wikowski)", "Jay Brazeau (Tony)", "Greta Makena Gibson (Teenage Girl)", "David Longworth (Older Camper)", "Ty Olsson (1950s Mack's Grandpa)", "Leena Manro (Nurse)", "Kayla Fielding (Aly Taylor)", "Grace Netter (Girl on Bridge)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "WAKEWOOD", "content": "This movie was beautiful. I laughed, I cried. For all of you out there who either believe in God or question his existence please watch this movie. It will definitely renew your faith"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**If forgiving is that easily convincible, then welcome to the crime world!**\r\n\r\nA novel based film. A religious themed film. It has a message, BUT could be a bad message for today's world. Because how the event was dealt with the story only encourages the crime, in reality. Wise people can say philosophically, morally, but not means every words practically applicable. The common people would get affected more. Other than that, I have no grudge on anything. If it has been just a fantasy and an entertaining film, excluding that Christian thing, I would have liked it better.\r\n\r\nIt was more like another 'What Dreams May Come', but less visual spectacular. On the other hand, there was an uneasiness in the development of what happened in the early stage of the story. They did not go for the detail, from the crime perspective, hence that mysterious event holds the key which we don't know exactly what happened to judge anything out of the film. So that part reminds 'The Lovely Bones'.\r\n\r\nThe story of a father whose little girl mysteriously disappeared on a camping trip. Now the struggling father to cope with the incident gets an invitation to meet the creators. His journey to the other side of the world, where he goes through a series of unexpected tests, and at the end, how his character changes are told in those remaining parts.\r\n\r\nWorthington, Spencer, everybody was good. But the story is what I did not like. Like it was aimed for Christians only. But I believe not every Christian would agree with this story. I felt it was an unnecessary film. If it was fun like 'Bruce Almighty', the whole world would have enjoyed it. Too serious and very not acceptable message led this film to fall. No, it is not worth a watch for people with the open mind, unless this is what you were looking for.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [236751, 336000, 227932, 390051]}