{"tmdb_id": 345922, "title": "Combat de Profs", "original_title": "Fist Fight", "slug_title": "combat-de-profs", "date": "2017-02-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Le dernier jour de l'ann\u00e9e scolaire, Andy Campbell, prof d'anglais au temp\u00e9rament plut\u00f4t pacifique, tente de prendre sur lui pour supporter les blagues des \u00e9l\u00e8ves de Terminale, une administration d\u00e9faillante et des r\u00e9ductions budg\u00e9taires qui menacent certains postes. Mais la situation s'empire encore lorsqu'il croise par hasard son coll\u00e8gue Ron Strickland, personnage de gros dur redout\u00e9 dans l'\u00e9tablissement : celui-ci met Andy au d\u00e9fi de le retrouver apr\u00e8s les cours pour l'affronter, \u00e0 l'ancienne, en combat singulier. La nouvelle de la bagarre se r\u00e9pand comme une tra\u00een\u00e9e de poudre et s'av\u00e8re \u00eatre, en r\u00e9alit\u00e9, ce dont le lyc\u00e9e \u2013 et Campbell \u2013 avaient besoin\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yONLyCSO0zyDvmVJO2i1U4yrNHE.jpg", "actors": ["Charlie Day (Andy Campbell)", "Ice Cube (Ron Strickland)", "Tracy Morgan (Coach Freddie Coward)", "Jillian Bell (Counselor Holly)", "Christina Hendricks (Miss Monet)", "Dean Norris (Principal Richard Tyler)", "Kumail Nanjiani (Officer Mehar)", "Dennis Haysbert (Superintendent Johnson)", "JoAnna Garcia (Maggie)", "Alexa Nisenson (Ally Campbell)", "Stephnie Weir (Suzie)", "Kym Whitley (911 Operator)", "Gordon Danniels (Irv)", "Nicholas Alexander (Blake)", "Charlie Carver (Nathaniel)", "Max Carver (Daniel)", "Robert Pralgo (Officer Kheel)", "Michael Beasley (Officer Rodriguez)", "Conphidance (Gangster)", "Inder Kumar (Shopper with Car (uncredited))", "Mason Pike (High School Student (uncredited))", "John Crow (News Man (uncredited))", "Brianna Brown (News Reporter)", "Alisa Harris (Desk Nurse)", "Deena Beasley (Mom)", "Karen Beyer (Ally's Teacher)", "Ron Caldwell (Scrawny Kid)", "Austin Zajur (Neil)", "Bill Kottkamp (William)", "Jose Diaz (Cody)", "Tim Johnson Jr. (Jordan)", "Nolan Bateman (Phil)", "Ian Gregg (Freddie)", "Annie Jacob (Julie)", "Autumn Dial (Stephanie)", "Emily Murden (Trisha)", "Kyanna Simone Simpson (Amber)", "Peg Thon (Mrs. Davis)", "Courtney Lauren Cummings (Emma)", "Khamary Grant (Donald)", "Ryan Boz (Mike)", "Christian Adam (Joey)", "Chanel Celaya (Katie)", "Sean Brosnan (Billy)", "Mike Forbs (Drunk Cell Mate)", "Phi Vu (Scrawny Kid)", "Rachel Leah Cohen (Mom)", "Jason Charles Hill (School Kid)", "Geoffrey Howard (911 Operator (Uncredited))", "Beth Keener (News Woman (uncredited))", "Paige Nicollette (High School Student (uncredited))", "BreeAnna Marie (High School Student (uncredited))", "Kenneth Jones (Audience Member (uncredited))", "Mark Falvo (Audience Member (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Snitches get stitches!**\r\n\r\nThe first feature film for a television director. He did not get the best cast, but best among the second string. Charlie Day's first lead I'm seeing. I mean not like, among other big stars he used to do the roles. Yes, there are like Ice Cube in the film, but the whole narration was presented from the Charlie's viewpoint. This story needed strong voice, but he had none. You may get annoyed for that, but that's the first fun side of the tale. Charlie Day versus Ice Cube! This kind of combination is not new, but decently used to tell the story. I like Cube in comedies than the serious roles.\r\n\r\nWell, it's not about the story, it's just a one day event. The final day of the school and a tough day for all. Because some of the staffs were fired from the job, the students' misconduct peaked, it's totally a messy day. The English teacher, Campbell, gets into a fight for going against his co-staff. So the day goes on as the countdown begins for their most anticipated fight at the final bell of the school. The preparation for that and all other craziness take place before the finale.\r\n\r\nWhen the film started, it was like any other B movie, very familiar atmosphere and predictable. Once the second half kick-started, I felt it was getting better. And the climax was even better. So, it ended strongly, after a so-so opening. Till that end, I did not think it deserved a decent respect, but at the end a better one. With this kind of cast and thematic, the film was much better. Really a well made, nothing more than on the entertainment perspective. So, if that's your sole purpose to watch a film, then this is the right one. Go for it. A much better film than the rating it had received. #TeachersFight\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [417644, 345914, 384682, 331313], "youtube_key": "9aIzXYo6VCE"}