{"tmdb_id": 345940, "title": "En eaux troubles", "original_title": "The Meg", "slug_title": "en-eaux-troubles", "date": "2018-08-09", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller / Horreur", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Missionn\u00e9 par un programme international d'observation de la vie sous-marine, un submersible a \u00e9t\u00e9 attaqu\u00e9 par une cr\u00e9ature gigantesque qu'on croyait disparue. S\u00e9rieusement endommag\u00e9, il g\u00eet d\u00e9sormais dans une fosse, au plus profond de l'oc\u00e9an Pacifique, o\u00f9 son \u00e9quipage est pris au pi\u00e8ge. Il n'y a plus de temps \u00e0 perdre : Jonas Taylor, sauveteur-plongeur expert des fonds marins, est engag\u00e9 par un oc\u00e9anographe chinois particuli\u00e8rement visionnaire, contre l'avis de sa fille Suyin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sKmxFCYGSync2zH94Aukzcp8yYA.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Statham (Jonas Taylor)", "Li Bingbing (Suyin)", "Rainn Wilson (Morris)", "Cliff Curtis ('Mac')", "Ruby Rose (Jaxx)", "Winston Chao (Zhang)", "Shuya Sophia Cai (Meiying)", "Page Kennedy (DJ)", "Robert Taylor (Heller)", "\u00d3lafur Darri \u00d3lafsson (The Wall)", "Jessica McNamee (Lori)", "Masi Oka (Toshi)", "Raymond Vinton (Dive Control Technician)", "Mai Hongmei (Mother)", "Wei Yi (Awesome Kid on Beach)", "Vithaya Pansringarm (Thai Boat Captain)", "Rob Kipa-Williams (D'Angelo)", "Tawanda Manyimo (Marks)", "Mark Trotter (Injured Sailor)", "James Gaylyn (David E. Jordan)", "Andrew Grainger (Morris' Lawyer)", "Steven A. Davis (Speedboat Crewman)", "Glen Levy (Speedboat Mercenary)", "Edwin Wright (Morris' Helicopter Pilot)", "Sui Fong Ivy Tsui (Bride)", "Jeremy Tan (Groom)", "Douglas Lee (Wedding Photographer)", "Tim Wong (News Camera Operator)", "Yoson An (News Helicopter Pilot)", "Yao Yao (Dude on Raft)", "Leand Macadaan (Filipino Fisherman #1 (uncredited))", "Ismael Ocanago (Filipino Fisherman #2 (uncredited))", "Dylan Thomas Knight (Speedboat Driver (uncredited))", "Kirk Baily (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "Maggie Baird (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "June Christopher (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "Jeff Fischer (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "Karen Huie (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "James Taku Leung (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "David Michie (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "Michelle Ruff (Voiceover Performers (voice))", "Skip Stellrecht (Voiceover Performers (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Well, when the credits started to roll I cannot say that I felt it had been a waste of time and money. I did indeed have some enjoyment watching this movie. However, it could have been a lot better.\r\n\r\nFor starters, what is the point of making a movie about a bloody \u201cdinosaur shark\u201d and aim for a PG-13 rating? Whoever made that incredibly stupid decision obviously missed the mark big time. I think this was the biggest fault with the movie. There were so many missed opportunities. The entire scene at the beach at the end of the movie was just wasted for example.\r\n\r\nThe script was of course somewhat illogical with holes in it large enough to drive a, well, a Megalodon through them. This however was something that I more or less expected given the kind of movie. First of all it is science fiction and fantasy after all and second, it appears that these kind of movies never seem to get anything better than mediocre script writers\u2026at best.\r\n\r\nThere were some good things though. I have read the book and I didn\u2019t really like it. In my review I gave it 2 out 5 five stars. The main reason for this was that the book was more of a bad soap opera than a horror/thriller. It was so filled with unlikable, scheming and backstabbing assholes that it was really not enjoyable. Jason\u2019s ex wife was such a despicable bitch that she alone ruined the book for example.\r\n\r\nLuckily the movie had toned down that aspect of the book quite a lot. Actually, in the end, there was really only one truly despicable asshole in the movie and he met with the fate that he deserved thanks to his own stupidity.\r\n\r\nSo, I did enjoy the movie and, as a science fiction and fantasy fan, I am glad to have watched it. I mean, a giant pre-historic shark on the big screen does have a certain cool-factor after all. It was somewhat saved by Jason Statham being in it though and it could have been a lot better."}], "recommandations_id": [447200, 427641, 346910, 351286]}