{"tmdb_id": 345920, "title": "Beaut\u00e9 cach\u00e9e", "original_title": "Collateral Beauty", "slug_title": "beaute-cachee", "date": "2016-12-06", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Suite \u00e0 une terrible trag\u00e9die, un publicitaire new-yorkais \u00e0 la r\u00e9ussite exemplaire sombre dans la d\u00e9pression. Ses coll\u00e8gues \u00e9chafaudent alors un stratag\u00e8me radical pour l'obliger \u00e0 affronter sa souffrance de mani\u00e8re inattendue\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hNL9KH8ca5prTkgMo0b8Rzvuf8b.jpg", "actors": ["Will Smith (Howard Inlet)", "Edward Norton (Whit Yardsham)", "Kate Winslet (Claire Wilson)", "Michael Pe\u00f1a (Simon Scott)", "Helen Mirren (Brigitte)", "Keira Knightley (Amy Moore)", "Naomie Harris (Madeleine)", "Jacob Latimore (Raffi)", "Ann Dowd (Sally Price)", "Enrique Murciano (Stan)", "Kylie Rogers (Allison Yardsham)", "Natalie Gold (Beverly)", "Liza Col\u00f3n-Zayas (Robin)", "Shirley Rumierk (Simon's Wife)", "Alyssa Cheatham (Olivia)", "Benjamin Snyder (Sally's Grandson)", "Mary Beth Peil (Whit's Mother)", "Andy Taylor (Father with Photo)", "Michael Cumpsty (Chairman of the Board)", "Claire Glassford (Junior Executive)", "Joseph Castillo-Midyett (Teacher (Mexican Commercial))", "Bryan Terrell Clark (Homeless A Capella Singer)", "Marcus Paul James (Homeless A Capella Singer)", "Mykal Kilgore (Homeless A Capella Singer)", "Jimmy Palumbo (Super)", "Elia Monte-Brown (Support Group Member)", "Suzy Jane Hunt (Support Group Member)", "Crystal Anne Dickinson (Support Group Member)", "Andres Munar (Support Group Member)", "Harriett D. Foy (Board Member)", "Maureen Mueller (Board Member)", "Steven Hauck (Board Member)", "Robert 'Toshi' Kar Yuen Chan (Board Member)", "Willie C. Carpenter (Board Member)", "Jabriah Anderson (Marymount Student (uncredited))", "Laura Hart (Passerby (uncredited))", "Emily Bennett (Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Liz Celeste (Ice Skater (uncredited))", "Madeline Lupi (Marymount Student (uncredited))", "Jordana Keller (Catholic School Girl (uncredited))", "Reginald L. Barnes (NYC Tourist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Love. Time. Death.**\r\n\r\nI think I underestimated this flick. Despite a wonder cast, I judged the film before watching it. I was surprised how beautiful film it was. Though not a film of the year. It was like 'A Christmas Carol', except the past, present and future were replaced with different topics. And for each topic, separate set of characters with one twist at the end. The overall film was short and sweet.\r\n\r\nA successful businessman man who had lost his child seems not able to come out of the sorrow. His partners are worried for him, as well as the firm's future. So they come up with an idea to bring back their partner that they hire actors to help him recover. How the remaining tale turns out and the last part of the story brings an emotional ending.\r\n\r\nThere were lots of actors for just an 90 minute film. But everybody had a fair share. Nobody was greater than others. Smith had less dialogues as his role demanded that. From all, Winslet role was so ordinary, comparing her star value. Knightley was good, but her one of the dialogues about 'love' was awesome. Norton, Pena and Mirren, all were good in their respective parts.\r\n\r\nAn emotional film, but I don't think it appeals enough to everybody. As I'm being a fan of that theme, I felt it should have been a bit strong in those parts. Other than that it was a good film, a family friendly drama. It was not based on any book, though, looks like one. Surely worth a watch, especially if you love tearjerker films.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [369885, 296096, 346685, 11321]}