{"tmdb_id": 346382, "title": "Christian Fuhlendorff : To make a short story long", "original_title": "Christian Fuhlendorff: For at g\u00f8re en kort historie lang", "slug_title": "christian-fuhlendorff-to-make-a-short-story-long", "date": "2015-06-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Christian Fuhlendorff follow up on critical acclaim with the new one man show:  \"To make a short story long\"  \"I have a dog and a house, a girlfriend and a daughter. I live even in the world's happiest country, Denmark! I have all the pieces to be for. I just do not know if I'm happy. For a house also means also debt and concerns that a dog does chores and to take the piss on the floor, a girlfriend means expectations and compromises, a daughter means responsibilities - and sometimes to take the piss on the floor, AND we must not forget that Denmark thus also one of the countries with the highest suicide rate. Let me put it another way: Do I be happy? \"  The question put Christian Fuhlendorff himself in his third one-man show \"To make a short story long,\" which premiered at Bremen Theatre in Copenhagen 19 September 2014. In its previous shows, he took the audience on a journey into in his quirky and comedic universe. This time is no exception.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5UwsMZu16vGCCmOmV7oSFPrVLxT.jpg", "actors": ["Christian Fuhlendorff (Christian Fuhlendorff)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}