{"tmdb_id": 346671, "title": "Little Evil", "original_title": "Little Evil", "slug_title": "little-evil", "date": "2017-08-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans cette com\u00e9die d'horreur, un homme r\u00e9cemment mari\u00e9 a bien des difficult\u00e9s \u00e0 se rapprocher de son beau-fils dont il se demande s'il n'est pas un d\u00e9mon.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r3Trvfd5td7JUrIUr5xsDqwNWXJ.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Scott (Gary)", "Evangeline Lilly (Samantha)", "Owen Atlas (Lucas)", "Bridget Everett (Al)", "Donald Faison (Larry)", "Chris D'Elia (Wayne)", "Kyle Bornheimer (Victor)", "Clancy Brown (Reverend Gospel)", "Tyler Labine (Karl C. Miller)", "Sally Field (Miss Shaylock)", "Marcus Terrell Smith (Dwayne)", "James Weir (Mac)", "Chip Zien (Stepdad Therapist)", "Rick Applegate (Principal)", "Ken Bolden (School Psychiatrist)", "Brad Williams (Gozamel)", "Allen Roth (Uncle Scott)", "Hank Harris (Gabriel)", "Carla Gallo (Wendy)", "Eli Craig (Derby Official)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not to be confused with the Schmoes Know documentary of the same name, _Little Evil_ is essentially an Omen parody. The movie is a let down in pretty much every way, but the biggest disappointment of all is knowing that this is somehow from the same guy that brought us _Tucker and Dale vs. Evil_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Unlike step-father, unlike step-son!**\r\n\r\nThis is from the director of 'Tucker & Dale vs Evil'. So the expectations were high, but it was a let down. The film is watchable, but not good enough. It is actually a spoof. If you are familiar with common horror film cliches, then you will get most of it. Still, those things seem overused. I liked the idea, but I don't think they have used it in a better way. It was about a man who is married to a most beautiful woman. But the trouble is, her 5 year old boy who does not go along with him. Then he set to discover the dark secrets about him. Finally comes the time to make things right by confronting it.\r\n\r\nNetflix was the game changer in the filmmaker, especially to reach the viewers, as well as young and small filmmakers. So no films are flop, because they have all the time in the world to collect back what they've spent, unlike big screen films depended on 2-3 month window through the box office. That's why I'm always eager to watch Netflix films. Because it's available anytime, anywhere. I know some people had liked the film, I guess they did that on the entertainment basis. Like enjoy watching it and then soon forget it. That little kid was cute, but his character was exactly opposite. The rest of the cast was not bad. A decent film for watching at once!\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [419479, 343674, 452507, 297160], "youtube_key": "Mnj-MXs1yVU"}