{"tmdb_id": 346681, "title": "Wilson", "original_title": "Wilson", "slug_title": "wilson", "date": "2017-03-24", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort de son p\u00e8re, un misanthrope cherche son ex-femme, drogu\u00e9e. Lorsqu'il apprend qu'une fille est n\u00e9e apr\u00e8s leur divorce, il tente de reconstituer sa famille co\u00fbte que co\u00fbte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m63h5MxevYrKn3720hVgKZAx86S.jpg", "actors": ["Woody Harrelson (Wilson)", "Laura Dern (Pippi)", "Isabella Amara (Claire)", "Judy Greer (Shelly)", "Cheryl Hines (Polly)", "Margo Martindale (Alta)", "David Warshofsky (Orson)", "Brett Gelman (Robert)", "Mary Lynn Rajskub (Jodie)", "Sandy Oian-Thomas (Dog Lover)", "Shaun Brown (Laptop Man)", "James Robert Miller (Bearded Man)", "James Saito (Warren Kudo)", "Chris Carlson (Men's Room Man)", "Tom Proctor (Silverwolf)", "Matt Roy (Aryan Brother)", "Bruce Bohne (Karl)", "Roxy Wood (Sinammon)", "Wade Thalberg (Prison Guard)", "Mason Sheehy (Usher)", "Katie Rose Law (Monica)", "Rachel Weber (Waitress)", "Toussaint Morrison (Diego)", "Andrew Hawtrey (Commuter)", "Shawn J. Hamilton (Attendant)", "Tonita Castro (Nanny)", "Lauren Weedman (Cat Lady)", "Mark Benninghoffen (Annoying Customer)", "Richard Ooms (Edwin)", "Kimora Collins (Granddaughter)", "Joe Minjares (Taxi Driver)", "Greta Oglesby (Belinda)", "Elizabeth Herron (Annoying Customer)", "Miles Strommen (Aidan)", "Jackson Bond (Rocky)", "Bill McCallum (Will)", "Alec George (Cooper)", "Nate Mooney (Allan Coffey)", "Paul Cram (Piper)", "Adam Farabee (College Kid)", "Peter Moore (Mr. Cassiday)", "Gene Larche (Grim-Faced Con)", "Loren Lazerine (Aryan #2)", "Sally Wingert (Gertrude)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The man who'd lost everything, is set to redefine his life.**\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'The Skeleton Key', I can see his style of filmmaking as I'd watched these two films of him. That makes him a stylish filmmaker of his own style. This kind of story narration is not for everyone. But surely there are people for it. This is not a very good film, but simply a good film.\r\n\r\nIt revolved around a character who is kind of an anti-social. He has lost everything one by one in his life and now his close buddy who moved far away and then his father who has just died. So he decides to find his ex wife, and with that he comes to know some long hidden secret. Going after it, his life forever changes which is what covered in the remaining film.\r\n\r\nIt was Woody Harrelson's show. But I quite liked Laura Dern as well. It was a long time after seeing her in this kind of absorbing role, yeah, except recently from 'Wild'. And there was Judy Greer, who was not bad either. So the casting was fantastic and the story was a lot better than you could judge it from its poster.\r\n\r\nNot an unusual storyline, but well adapted from the graphic novel of the same name. You might get impressed by it, so I say try it, despite low ratings. Anyway, I had a nice time with it. A sweet and short film, which's mostly out of real world logics. But serves its purpose, that's entertaining its audience.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [172539, 471155, 499802, 369524]}