{"tmdb_id": 34667, "title": "Poursuites dans la nuit", "original_title": "Nightfall", "slug_title": "poursuites-dans-la-nuit", "date": "1956-11-09", "genre": "Action / Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "James Vanning est un homme simple, tranquille. Mais deux malfrats tr\u00e8s dangereux pensent qu'il poss\u00e8de l'argent d'un casse. Il devient bient\u00f4t un homme en fuite dans les montagnes enneig\u00e9s du Wyoming.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1TiKEcTHlkHblkNDA5bfUGrt2ne.jpg", "actors": ["Aldo Ray (James Vanning / Art Rayburn)", "Brian Keith (John)", "Anne Bancroft (Marie Gardner)", "Jocelyn Brando (Laura Fraser)", "James Gregory (Ben Fraser)", "Frank Albertson (Dr. Edward Gurston)", "Rudy Bond (Red)", "Bess Flowers (Woman at Fashion Show (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steve", "content": "By Kim Morgan filmnoiroftheweek.com\r\n\r\n\u201cThis is what they call the point of no return my friend.\u201d \r\n\r\nNightfall is a work of striking juxtapositions and tones that by picture end, come off like a wonderfully disarming person\u2014you\u2019re charmed, even a bit disturbed, but you\u2019re not sure what to make of it all. It opens at night, in the neon lit, Los Angeles jungle shimmering with welcoming Hollywood haunts like Miceli\u2019s, Firefly and Musso and Frank and ends within the blinding white snow of the more foreboding Wyoming Wilderness. It pits an older doctor and his much younger, artist friend against two thugs, one an over-eager, violence-lusting psychopath and the other a casual, smarter killer whose relaxed approach borders on the likable. It features a chic fashion show with a modern looking Anne Bancroft as a \u201cmannequin\u201d followed by a cuddly rural bus ride during which the lovers express their romantic feelings after waking up to (decidedly non chic) whiskers. There\u2019s cruel violence committed against good Samaritans mixed with quippy one liners and a surprising amount of dark humor. And did I mention Anne Bancroft falls in love with Aldo Ray? They seem mismatched, but then, perfect together\u2014and their moments are exceptionally romantic. In short, Nightfall is a trip. But a great trip, and a noteworthy addition to noir innovator Jacques Tourneur\u2019s oeuvre (which includes, among other splendid pictures, the horror/noir classics Cat People and I Walked With a Zombie and his key noir, Out of the Past). \r\n\r\nAdapted by Stirling Silliphant from hard boiled writer David Goodis's 1947 novel and brilliantly shot by Burnett Guffey (who also shot Nicholas Ray\u2019s masterpiece In a Lonely Place and Arthur Penn\u2019s ingenious Bonnie and Clyde),the picture is considered by some, a minor film noir, something that\u2019s always baffled me. Made in the later cycle of the genre (released in 1957), the picture skillfully weaves a convoluted story, harsh violence, existential angst, naturalistic acting and sweet romanticism without ever feeling forced. And as stated earlier\u2014it\u2019s very funny\u2014something Tourneur always intended. And though the theme song seems a bit overheated (Al Hibbler crooning \u201cNightfall\u2026and you!\u201d\u2014a tune that really ought to grace a Ross Hunter production) even that works when looking at the film in its entirety. Akin to the startling laughs spiking the movie, it echoes Tourneur\u2019s own sly sense of humor. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nThe story is structured much like Out of the Past, with our hero (who's not guilty, unlike Mitchum), Rayburn Vanning (Ray) relating his complicated story to a woman. Only in this instance, the lovely lady, Marie Gardner (Bancroft), is a bit confused. Pulling a damsel in distress act for the benefit of two thugs waiting to jump Ray (she thought they were police officers after a wanted man), she sets up the poor lug. Vanning is then accosted by Red (Rudy Bond) and John  (Brian Keith) and taken to a deserted oil derrick (an unsettling yet weirdly amusing scene) where he\u2019s set to be tortured. They want to know where that money\u2019s hidden, something Vanning continually states he doesn\u2019t know. Vanning escapes, finds his way to Marie\u2019s apartment and gives her the skinny. Or rather, the thick skinny. He explains the convoluted predicament that\u2019s left him understandably paranoid. While on a pleasant camping trip in Jackson Hole, Wyoming with best friend Dr. Edward Gurston (Frank Albertson) in which the two men will hunt, and in a more uncomfortable moment, near the sticky subject of Doc\u2019s much younger wife (whom we learn later has a thing for Vanning and sent him letters saying so). The conversation is cut short when a car crashes off an embankment and two shady characters (Red and John), emerge. Doc fixes John\u2019s arm but they soon realize they're unlucky witnesses (the men just robbed a bank). Almost shockingly, Doc is shot dead and Vanning is left injured. The crooks blaze off, only, they make an enormous mistake\u2014they grab the doctor\u2019s bag instead of their own bag of money. Vanning is able to rise from his injury, hide the dough and take off. Moving from town to town under suspicion that he killed Doc, Vanning ends up in Los Angeles, where he\u2019s being tailed by insurance investigator Ben Fraser (James Gregory) who confesses to his wife that Vanning just doesn\u2019t seem the type. \r\n\r\nAnd as played by Aldo Ray\u2014he doesn\u2019t seem the type. One of the more striking aspects to Nightfall is its casting, and the barrel-chested, thick necked Ray, who was a natural born actor (watch his first and largely unschooled leading role in George Cukor\u2019s The Marrying Kind and you\u2019ll see how immediately gifted the man was. Also in Anthony Mann\u2019s brilliant Men in War). Ray is the perfect good guy in-over-his- head. With his raspy voice, yet boyish appeal (he looked like he literally walked off a football field, which is why Cukor made him take ballet before The Marrying Kind) Ray always exuded a different kind of mystery than say, Mitchum or Ryan or Widmark\u2014men who rarely appeared \u201cnormal.\u201d Ray, an ex Frogman who fought in Iwo Jima, was a brawny man\u2019s man certainly, but he always looked to be hiding a secret. That inside he had the soul of a poet or artist\u2014a man of depth beyond his tough exterior. And so, appropriately, in Nightfall, he\u2019s an artist. \r\n\r\nBrian Keith is another standout and like Ray, an actor I always wished was my father (and not merely for the TV show Family Affair). He\u2019s so agreeable here\u2014and his delivery manages to be both distracted and pithy rather than rat-a-tat. When he humorously claims that Red\u2019s homicidal kicks stem from his lack of childhood play (\u201cWhen Red was a kid they didn\u2019t have enough playgrounds. He\u2019s sort of an adult delinquent.\u201d) he\u2019s both revelatory and teasing. And his banter towards Red is cleverly berating: \u201cThe top of your head never closed up when you were a kid. Neither did your mouth.\u201d Cracking wise with Red, the two spar like men who are ready to kill each other, but also who are simply getting on each other\u2019s nerves (preceding some of Tarantino\u2019s talky criminals). But talking aside, deadlier fates await them including a fatal gunshot and death by snowplow. \r\n \r\nAnd wild, almost ridiculous fate was something Tourneur excelled at, not surprisingly. Based on the bizarre treatment at the hands of his filmmaker father, Tourneur developed a dark sense of the absurd. As written in John Wakemen\u2019s \u201cWorld Film Directors Vol. 1 1890-1946,\u201dTourneur believed that the childhood he endured\u2014one of \u201cgrotesque punishment\u201d lied at the root of his cinematic obsessions. Relating that he was sent to a poor school and teased unmercifully for his square suspenders, Tourneur claimed: \u201cI think this is what prompted me to introduce comic touches into the dramatic moments of my films\u2026Mixing fear and the ridiculous can be very exciting.\u201d \r\n\r\nIndeed. As Red can\u2019t wait to torture a terrified Vanning, he sinisterly and bizarrely sings: \u201cThe tougher they are the more fun they are tra-la.\u201d"}], "recommandations_id": [25551, 35017, 30624, 49334]}