{"tmdb_id": 346650, "title": "Girlfriend's Day", "original_title": "Girlfriend's Day", "slug_title": "girlfriend-s-day", "date": "2017-01-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "M\u00eal\u00e9 \u00e0 une dangereuse conspiration, un ch\u00f4meur \u00e9crivain de cartes de v\u0153ux doit concevoir la carte parfaite pour une nouvelle occasion s'il veut sauver sa peau.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cOwPS4mtz5nFGniMnkrJgRYClmI.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Odenkirk (Ray)", "Amber Tamblyn (Jill)", "Natasha Lyonne (Mrs. Taft)", "Stacy Keach (Gundy)", "Ed Begley Jr. (Butler)", "Andy Richter (Harold Lamb)", "Larry Fessenden (Taft)", "June Diane Raphael (Karen Lamb)", "Rich Sommer (Buddy)", "Hannah Nordberg (Liz)", "Nate Mooney (Warez)", "Echo Kellum (Madsen)", "Stephanie Courtney (Cathy Gile)", "Alex Karpovsky (Styvesan)", "Toby Huss (Betcher)", "Steven Michael Quezada (Munoz)", "David Sullivan (Sonnyboy)", "Julia Cho (Secretary)", "Tucker Smallwood (Governor Speakman)", "Courtney Fansler (Ellen)", "Kevin O'Grady (Detective Miller)", "Derek Waters (Drew)", "Grady Lee Richmond (Shitfoot)", "Mason Trueblood (Jock)", "Radek Lord (Peabody)", "Brett Paesel (Mrs. Kim)", "Stephane Nicoli (Guy Using the Bathroom)", "Julyza Commodore (Student Driver)", "Jason Garcia Jr. (Denny)", "Christina Veronica (Detective Miller's Girlfriend (uncredited))", "Lauren Lapkus (Cardie #2)", "David Lynch (Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About a writer, most a poet!**\r\n\r\nAt least it tried to be something fresh. The Netflix's experimental films giving great opportunities for small directors and stars. Not all the flicks clicks, but different than what we usually get from other production houses. So that's how I ended up watching it and its an appreciable effort, but the film was average. Although the end scene was really good, I mean that homeless person part.\r\n\r\nThe film is about an infamous greeting card writer and tells how his professional life stumbles upon. While trying to make a comeback, he has to face a couple of trouble, including his unexpected romance and to keep up the promise he had made to a rich guy. Till the final scene they kept the momentums surrounding them both. So it feels like an intentional drag, since the whole film depended on those things and nothing else.\r\n\r\nWorth watching for Bob Odenkirk. The rest of the cast was not bad. Whatever the concept is, like, about a writer, kind of poet, but it avoids to exposing us the character how great he's with his work. So this is not a film with full details and should be watched without any expectation, or else better not think to pick it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [402582, 333358, 78411, 339079], "youtube_key": "A2L0100_Yp4"}