{"tmdb_id": 346646, "title": "Veteran", "original_title": "\ubca0\ud14c\ub791", "slug_title": "veteran", "date": "2015-08-05", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Un d\u00e9tective poursuit un homme n\u00e9 d'une famille riche qui dirige une grande soci\u00e9t\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3ngISVEJ5K1xmSQOJODLlpZ4Hpz.jpg", "actors": ["Hwang Jung-min (Seo Do-cheol)", "Yoo Ah-in (Jo Tae-oh)", "Yoo Hae-jin (Choi Sang-moo)", "Oh Dal-su (Team Leader Oh)", "Jang Yoon-ju (Miss Bong)", "Kim Shi-hoo (Detective Yoon)", "Oh Dae-hwan (Detective Wang)", "Jung Woong-in (Driver Bae)", "Jeong Man-sik (Chief Jeon)", "Song Young-chang (Chairman Jo)", "Jin Kyung (Joo-yeon)", "Yoo In-young (Da-hye)", "Park So-dam (The Youngest)", "Lee Dong-hwi (Yoon Hong-ryeol)", "Bae Seong-woo (Used Cars Business Owner)", "Cheon Ho-jin (Regional Investigation Unit Senior Superintendent)", "Jang So-yeon (Driver Bae's Wife)", "Kim Min-jae (Police in Charge of the Jurisdiction)", "Hwang Byeong-guk (Police Head in Charge of the Jurisdiction)", "Park Jong-hwan (Team Leader Yang)", "Um Tae-goo (Hand-to-hand Fight Entourage)", "Ma Dong-seok (Big Guy with Sportswear)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The cops versus a corporate house.\r\n\r\nThe Korean cop-thieves films are quite extraordinary and I had seen plenty of them. This is based on kind of similar theme. Instead the gang here it is a cop who face-off a millionaire. This is not completely a serious action-crime, but a bit of fun too, that was well written and directed by 'The Berlin File' filmmaker. The film was a huge hit in the domestic market, but I felt the runtime was slightly a lengthy with some few boring parts. Overall, the film was entertaining, that reached close to my expectation.\r\n\r\nBefore coming to the main story, the film tells a couple of quick crime solving events in its first act. It was the story of an honest, but a tough police officer when it comes to the crimes and criminals. That's how he ends up on one of the greatest case he has ever taken in the hand. Though, it all begins when one of the truck drivers was badly injured after protesting over his termination from the job without the pay. That brings a young wealthy businessman into the frame for the head-to-head clash between him and the cops. In the end who wins, the corporate house with their financial power and political influence or the limbless police force is the remaining.\r\n\r\nThe opening was so hilarious, I thought I had to prepare for the laugh riot, but then the middle parts failed to keep the same intensity. Precisely to say there's nothing much happened, not the interesting stuffs. That is where the audience has to watch out, because this is not one hundred per cent comedy. But somehow the story kept moving in a right direction, especially the clash between the cops and corporate, at least in a draggy pace. When the final act commenced, I felt the previous developments came in handy to set the stage for a great finish.\r\n\r\n> \"I told you to stay out of trouble.\"\r\n\r\nQuite refreshing from the regular cop films. I did not anticipate the amusing characters like this, not from the cops. Only the cops, but the character sets from the opposite were inverted like 'the masks of comedy and tragedy'. The whole cop team, including the chief was so funny. There are loads of small scale jokes that brighten up our mood. But like I said, once the narration approaches the midway, especially after a business tycoon was introduced, all the fun parts were beginning to fade away. That's the reminder for the commencement of the other facet of the story.\r\n\r\nSo the film takes the us to the vital segment of the narration where the intensified confrontation takes place. But only the twist spells even more interest in us about the tale's ending. Nothing any breathtaking secrets revealed, yet absolutely best and smart turnaround. The struggling police force against their rival was brilliantly told. In reality, I don't think things can happen like that, but for a movie, it was fun as well as thrilling with some awesome stunt sequences.\r\n\r\nThe actors too showed their potential. I think it is a good film to remake, but there are few areas to improve like overall pace of the film. When the film started, it took me around half an hour to get used to everything about the film. From the characters to the situations they are in, it needs a serious attention from us, but the other side the length of the film is a worrisome. I enjoyed watching it, so no doubt it was a good film, but should have been even better than that.\r\n\r\nI would say it missed an opportunity to be one of a fine cop film. Not because of the attachment of the comedies, but separating and randomising them from the other heavy events makes it an inconsistent to keep up the same momentum throughout, especially like during facing the bad guys. If you watch the film's ending you will understand what I meant.\r\n\r\nSo these kind of flaws are minors, that comes under the screenplay's error when the scenes in the story failed to flow in a same flat surface. That's what I felt, yet I know I'm not an expert in that field, but I have experience watching films like that. So I won't complain the overall film, surely I can recommend it for those who like cop story. Though the one thing you have to keep in your mind is that it is not a serious recital, but something like seeing a film Jackie Chan in a cop avatar.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [291549, 378348, 313108, 267467], "youtube_key": "38c0poYLV1I"}