{"tmdb_id": 346910, "title": "The Predator", "original_title": "The Predator", "slug_title": "the-predator", "date": "2018-09-05", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Thriller / Aventure / Horreur"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Les pires pr\u00e9dateurs de l'univers sont maintenant plus forts et plus intelligents que jamais, ils se sont g\u00e9n\u00e9tiquement perfectionn\u00e9s gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'ADN d'autres esp\u00e8ces. Quand un jeune gar\u00e7on d\u00e9clenche accidentellement leur retour sur Terre, seul un \u00e9quipage h\u00e9t\u00e9roclite d'anciens soldats et un professeur de science contestataire peuvent emp\u00eacher l\u2019extinction de la race humaine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wMq9kQXTeQCHUZOG4fAe5cAxyUA.jpg", "actors": ["Boyd Holbrook (Quinn McKenna)", "Trevante Rhodes (Nebraska Williams)", "Jacob Tremblay (Rory McKenna)", "Keegan-Michael Key (Coyle)", "Olivia Munn (Casey Bracket)", "Sterling K. Brown (Traeger)", "Thomas Jane (Braxley)", "Alfie Allen (Lynch)", "Augusto Aguilera (Nettles)", "Jake Busey (Keyes)", "Yvonne Strahovski (Emily)", "Brian A. Prince (Predator)", "Mike Dopud (Dupree)", "Niall Matter (Sapir)", "Javier Lacroix (Cantina Bartender)", "Gabriel LaBelle (EJ)", "Nikolas Dukic (Derek)", "R. J. Fetherstonhaugh (Agent Church)", "Garry Chalk (Postal Worker)", "Eduard Witzke (Security Tech)", "Lochlyn Munro (LT. General Marks)", "Rhys Williams (F-22 Pilot #1)", "Malcolm Masters (F-22 Pilot #2)", "Harrison MacDonald (F-22 Pilot #3)", "Anousha Alamian (Cryptographer)", "Patrick Sabongui (Barn Merc #1)", "J. C. Williams (Barn Merc #2)", "Sean Kohnke (Barn Merc #3)", "Lars Grant (Merc #1)", "Byron Brisco (Merc #2)", "Fraser Corbett (Merc #3)", "Chad Bellamy (Merc #4)", "Peter Shinkoda (Dr. Yamada)", "Aaron Craven (Scientist)", "Duncan Fraser (VA Psych)", "Emy Aneke (Merc Soldier)", "Darryl Scheelar (Bus MP #1)", "Fraser Aitcheson (Bus MP #2)", "Jan Bos (Tech Hamlin)", "Fran\u00e7oise Yip (Tracking Supervisor)", "Sage Brocklebank (Transport Driver)", "Sean O. Roberts (Stoner)", "Colin Corrigan (Emily's House Merc)", "Bridget Hoffman (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Caitlin McKenna-Wilkinson (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "David Michie (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Michelle Ruff (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Matthew Wolf (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Lex Lang (ADR Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Shane", "content": "A complete waste of opportunity.  The film smacks of studio interference and bad decisions.  It starts off decent enough but at the halfway point it turns into a shambles and it does feel as if a lot of it ended up on the cutting room floor.  The music was very intrusive and some scenes were so badly lit you had no idea who was just killed or even what killed them.\r\n\r\nSome knowing nods to the earlier Predator films was a nice touch and it was good they didn't skimp on the gore and violence but all in all it's a bad movie.  Stick to Predator and Predators."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "My mind was racing as I watched _The Predator_ in the cinema tonight. I'd heard virtually nothing good about it so my anxious brain kicked into overdrive the whole time the film was going on. As a result of that, I almost feel like I experienced three movies in that theatre. First, obviously the movie on the screen. Secondly, the awesome movie I was theorising could unfurl at the result of each new sequence and plot point, but that sadly never did. And thirdly, the inexcusably awful and franchise-ruining movie that I feared it was about to take a hard left turn into at any minute, and thankfully never did.\r\n\r\nAnd that's really my experience on _The Predator_ overall, and the reason for a stalemate \"2.5 outta 5\" review: It wasn't as good as it should have been, it wasn't as bad as it could have been. Unfortunately, when the movie I'm writing in my head alongside watching it is better than what's actually on screen, when you take into account that I'm an unimaginative, talentless hack, really doesn't cut it for a sequel to _Predator_, one of of only five movies I've ever given a perfect rating to.\r\n\r\nThe best parts of _The Predator_ are when there is an eponymous Predator on screen. So you might think, \"Oh it's not a good movie, but it's a good _Predator_ movie\", and fair enough a conclusion to draw, but no. Part of the problem is, this movie really could have been pulled off with any aliens at all. Take out the Yautja and replace them with... I dunno, the blue skinned pogo-stick people of Planet Hurfadump, and it can still play out functionally the same. See, although I enjoyed watching the Predators do their thing, there was really nothing beyond cosmetic similarities that made them the Predators we've seen in every movie preceding this one.\r\n\r\nI think possibly part of the reason for that is that every other movie with a Predator in it has been an Action Horror movie (albeit Action Horror with ever-increasing Sci-Fi elements from film to film) whereas _The Predator_ is an Action Comedy, just one with some gore. Now I don't think that taking it that route was necessarily and... abysmal failure, let's say, but was Action Comedy the **best** way to take the _Predator_ franchise? I think it's pretty clear that the answer is no.\r\n\r\nIronic that that direction is being taken by Shane Black, the man who has a history with _Predator_ purely because the crew of the first film were determined to have him to work on the script, which he refused. Now here we are more 30 years later and Shane Black finally **has** put his name on a Predator movie, and it's not even good.\r\n\r\nFuck. At least it's better than _AvP: Requiem_!"}, {"pseudo": "Sundance Kid", "content": "I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I was inclined to step out of the theater to check if I was sitting in the right room. But there it was, definitely a Predator, but obviously totally misplaced in a ridiculous movie - ridiculous story, ridiculous characters, ridiculous acting, ridiculous everything.\r\n\r\nI was so upset. One of the diamonds of a movie genre thrown in the dirt and made fun of. If you want to see how that's done, watch this one.\r\n\r\nA total waste of money - on production side and on cinema visitor's side."}, {"pseudo": "SaltyCatFish", "content": "Its just not good.  The first predator created atmosphere; you were being hunted.  The only \"Predator\" film to deliver another dose of this was Predators.  \r\nThis film falls completely short of its predecessors (yes, all of them), but does leave you with a strong impression that this was a cash grab to squeeze any life out of a franchise that surpassed its EOL a long time ago."}, {"pseudo": "skipreader", "content": "OK, I have to disagree with the other reviewers, to date, of this movie.  I totally enjoyed this movie and gave it an 8.  Once you figured it out, I thought the story line made complete sense.  I loved all the new characters, and thought the camaraderie of the main military characters was great and rather realistic.  I don't know about the other reviewers, but I did serve in the U. S. Army and found the character interplay highly realistic.  I am disappointed with the interplay between the \"good guys\" and our government; however, these days you come to expect that.  I don't believe that part would be realistic, but I don't think it distracted that much from the movie, and everyone came together in the end...to, of course, save humanity!  Which, of course, it did otherwise we all wouldn't be here anymore...right?  Good movie!  Go see it and then decide for yourself, but I thought it was definitely worth seeing, so much so I even bought the blu-ray!"}], "recommandations_id": [345940, 438799, 335983, 345887], "youtube_key": "WaG1KZqrLvM"}