{"tmdb_id": 347070, "title": "The Stylist", "original_title": "The Stylist", "slug_title": "the-stylist", "date": "2016-06-11", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Claire is a lonely hairstylist with an unnerving desire to escape her disappointing reality. When her final client of the evening arrives with the request to look perfect, Claire has plans of her own.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l1HBvDDlAbLD1LSduf07lzQVnlo.jpg", "actors": ["Najarra Townsend (Claire)", "Angela Dupuie (Alicia)", "Jennifer Plas (Mandy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "The Stylist features a hair stylist who has a love for wigs and acquires them in an interesting manner.\r\n\r\nOur lead appears to be a standard hair stylist who does a lot for her regular customers. She stays open late, provides wine, and provides what looks like a wonderfully relaxing atmosphere, at least on the surface. \r\n\r\nOf course, this is a horror film, so things are different than they appear. Shortly after the after-hours client gets her wine, the viewer realizes there was more in the glass than a little merlot. \r\n\r\nAfter the now-unconscious guest is fully out, the real horror begins. Our stylist begins to scalp the woman in the chair. After waking up screaming, our stylist does what she needs to do and runs the scalping scissors into the lady's temple. \r\n\r\nThe film ends in a basement with many other wigs, all with the same ring of flesh around the outside.\r\n\r\nThe short honestly doesn't have much going for it outside of the character-driven nature of the film. The body horror is relatively tame, even a touch comedic. The plot doesn't fully exist. \r\n\r\nThat being said, our main character is incredibly intriguing. We learn about the internal torment that drives her to imitate others, even to the point of stealing their hair. \r\n\r\nThe Stylist certainly isn't the most mind-blowing short horror film out there, but it's more than worth the fifteen minutes it takes to see it in its entirety."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}