{"tmdb_id": 347096, "title": "Mythica\u00a0: La Pierre de Pouvoir", "original_title": "Mythica: The Darkspore", "slug_title": "mythica-la-pierre-de-pouvoir", "date": "2015-06-24", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Boulevers\u00e9s par la mort de Caeryn, les h\u00e9ros de Mythica sont de nouveau r\u00e9unis pour emp\u00eacher son assassin, Kishkumen, de s'emparer du pouvoir et de r\u00e9pandre le mal. Au cours d'un voyage qui va mettre leur amiti\u00e9 \u00e0 l'\u00e9preuve, ils vont devoir affronter les dangers d'une cit\u00e9 mythique peupl\u00e9e de cr\u00e9atures mal\u00e9fiques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/th2TXJA2rFafWmrkPK0CxMjzU4T.jpg", "actors": ["Melanie Stone (Marek)", "Kevin Sorbo (Gojun Pye)", "Adam Johnson (Thane)", "Jake Stormoen (Dagen)", "Rocky Myers (Qole)", "Matthew Mercer (Szorlok)", "Kynan Griffin (Gefrorener Zauberer)", "Nicola Posener (Teela)", "Christopher Robin Miller (Hammerhead)", "Natalie Devine Riskas (Caeryn)", "Robert Jayne (Peregus Malister)", "Clare Niederpruem (Tarsa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 2015 and directed by Anne K. Black, \"Mythica: The Darkspore\" is the second film in the five-film fantasy/adventure series about a limping servant girl with blossoming magical powers named Merek (Melanie Stone), who teams-up with a heroic warrior, Thane (Adam Johnson), a miscreant lothario, Dagen (Jake Stormoen), a priestess, Teela (Nicola Posener), and a hunky elf, Qole (Rocky Myers), for a journey to obtain all the shards of the Darkspore to keep it from the diabolical Szorlok (Matthew Mercer). Kevin Sorbo has a cameo.\r\n\r\nThe story takes place in an adventurous Medieval-like world where sorcery, elves, orcs, dragons and other fantasy creatures are real. If you like The Lord of the Rings, D&D, Warcraft, Conan or Sinbad you\u2019ll probably like the Mythica franchise. These movies were partly funded by a Kickstarter campaign with all the movies costing less than $100,000, except the fifth and final one. The first movie, \u201cA Quest for Heroes,\u201d cost $94,294 while this sequel cost $81,099. The production quality is incredible for such meager budgets, particularly if you\u2019re familiar with micro-budget productions. The Mythica films are basically just as good production-wise as \u201cDungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God\" (2005), a TV movie that cost a whopping $15 million (for a TV flick, that is).\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Darkspore\u201d is disappointing in comparison to the dynamic first film, in particular the first half where the transition from \u201cA Quest for Heroes\u201d is clumsy and unexciting. Thankfully, things perk up in the second half and make up for the weak first act, especially a fight with a dragon in the desert. In any case, be sure to see \u201cA Quest for Heroes\u201d before viewing this one.                           \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 47 minutes. WRITERS: Anne K. Black, Jason Faller and Kynan Griffin.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [321068, 370687, 388191, 401689]}