{"tmdb_id": 347033, "title": "Tradeuse", "original_title": "Equity", "slug_title": "tradeuse", "date": "2016-07-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une tradeuse, sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9e dans les banques d'investissement, se bat pour obtenir une promotion dans un cabinet de Wall Street. Elle s'occupe d'une introduction en bourse controvers\u00e9e au sein d'un monde post-crise financi\u00e8re, o\u00f9 les r\u00e9gulations sont strictes mais o\u00f9 la pression du gain reste forte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7SoNk9wZ20Icyyk1vJAZRqAxeRQ.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Gunn (Naomi Bishop)", "James Purefoy (Michael Connor)", "Sarah Megan Thomas (Erin Manning)", "Alysia Reiner (Samantha)", "Sophie von Haselberg (Marin)", "Craig Bierko (Benji Akers)", "Lee Tergesen (Randall)", "Margaret Colin (Attorney Cahn)", "Carrie Preston (Compliance Officer Abby)", "Michael Izquierdo (Trader)", "Nate Corddry (Cory)", "Nick Gehlfuss (Gabe)", "Samuel Roukin (Ed)", "Tracie Thoms (Melanie)", "James Naughton (John)", "Roe Hartrampf (Teddy)", "Carolyn McCormick (Naomi's Doctor)", "David Alan Basche (Ian)", "Joseph Siravo (Frank)", "Samrat Chakrabarti (Neel)", "Purva Bedi (Channing Trust Attorney)", "Ali Ahn (Julie)", "Meghan Rafferty (Leslie from HR)", "Jennifer Butler (NY Hotel Guest)", "Jeanine Bartel (Naomi's Assistant)", "Jonathan Fredrick (Broker)", "Kyle Beltran (Bill)", "Neil Baltus (Lawyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It's a men's club or women's, but jobs are done in the same way.**\r\n\r\nIt's a woman oriented financial film drama directed by a woman filmmaker. That makes it empowered by women. On the perspective it was my first experience, so I think it could be the only of its kind. It is not as bad as it looks, those who liked financial related films like 'Margin Call', 'The Big Short', 'Glengarry Glen Ross' et cetera would enjoy it as well. This film stayed true to its title, so that's what you are going to expect, but nothing a bit more than that.\r\n\r\nThere are unexpected turns in the narration. Particularly the characters, that too the females. It is about the commitment and trust in the colleagues. No matter what you do, the company always judges you by your result. The pace might look slow, but it gets better in the latter half. The film turned into kind of thriller and ended with a little drag, though satisfying.\r\n\r\nAnna Gunn was so good and looks like we have here another talented woman director Meera Menon. This film did not get as popular as its counterpart on the same theme, I mean men's Wall Street thriller. But somewhat I liked it and seems a sequel is not a bad idea, after how this story had ended. Finally, this is for the selected viewers, so those who are from the outside of its bandwidth won't end watching it happy, hence the film will lose its rating, but not the quality.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [321757, 185755, 133535, 155706], "youtube_key": "ilnh63dcOr4"}