{"tmdb_id": 347031, "title": "Swiss Army Man", "original_title": "Swiss Army Man", "slug_title": "swiss-army-man", "date": "2016-06-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / Fantastique / Aventure"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Hank, un homme d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 errant dans la nature, d\u00e9couvre un myst\u00e9rieux cadavre. Ils vont tous les deux embarquer dans un voyage \u00e9pique afin de retrouver leur foyer. Lorsque Hank r\u00e9alise que ce corps abandonn\u00e9 est la cl\u00e9 de sa survie, le suicidaire d'autrefois est forc\u00e9 de convaincre un cadavre que la vie vaut la peine d'\u00eatre v\u00e9cue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9BdJz7b4WdJul0KVu42YFEgqzyp.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Dano (Hank)", "Daniel Radcliffe (Manny)", "Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Sarah)", "Timothy Eulich (Preston)", "Shane Carruth (Coroner)", "Richard Gross (Hank's Dad)", "Marika Casteel (Reporter)", "Antonia Ribero (Crissie)", "Andy Hull (Cameraman)", "Aaron Marshall (Officer #1)", "Jessica Harbeck (Officer #2 (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Two strangers in an unusual circumstance take a weirdest journey.**\r\n\r\nMy initial thought was this is a new version of 'Weekend at Bernie's', but very soon I realised it is not. This film is a bit disgusting. Watching alone makes okay or with the close buddies, but not good for beyond that. I totally appreciate the effort and obviously the fresh idea for a film from the Hollywood, but the film is not a masterpiece or entertaining. Because a plot like this is not worth for a 90 minute stretch. It should have been a short film or the story should have developed to a better one.\r\n\r\nThere are lots of questions regarding the film. The film did not detail everything it showed, so that's the first negative about it. It opened with a young man stranded on a tiny island who tries to commit suicide, but abandons the plan and takes a weirdest ride in the sea seeking land to get rescued by its people. Though he's not alone, a strange young man accompanies him. So it's like theirs journey of self-discovery, but how it all ends is the crucial final segment.\r\n\r\nBoth the young actors were good in theirs very challenging roles, particularly Daniel Radcliffe. The directors too to be praised for managing to pull it off so well. But it was the screenplay that did not deliver as I anticipated. The film was different, but nothing impressive at all, so I think it is good for watching at once. Maybe if I understand or get the answers for my doubts, I might change might stance. For now this is an average film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [371645, 313922, 254320, 290250], "youtube_key": "yrK1f4TsQfM"}