{"tmdb_id": 347035, "title": "Swallows and Amazons", "original_title": "Swallows and Amazons", "slug_title": "swallows-and-amazons", "date": "2016-08-19", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Les aventures estivales de deux groupes d'enfants (Les Swallows et les Amazons) issus de deux familles diff\u00e9rentes. Les bambins d\u00e9cident de joindre leur force contre leur ennemi commun: l'oncle James Turner, rebaptis\u00e9 Capitaine Flint. Au programme : p\u00eache, camping, exploration et piraterie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p6PvWG4634hMLRzFnJVX9qiVUY1.jpg", "actors": ["Dane Hughes (John Walker)", "Orla Hill (Susan Walker)", "Teddie-Rose Malleson-Allen (Tatty Walker)", "Bobby McCulloch (Roger Walker)", "Seren Hawkes (Nancy Blackett)", "Hannah Jayne Thorp (Peggy Blackett)", "Rafe Spall (Jim 'Captain Flint' Turner / Polski the Parrot)", "Kelly Macdonald (Mrs. Walker)", "Andrew Scott (Lazlov)", "Dan Skinner (Zukin)", "Harry Enfield (Mr. Jackson)", "Jessica Hynes (Mrs. Jackson)", "Sophie Wardlow (Gertie)", "John Henshaw (Harbour Master)", "Fenella Woolgar (Miss Crummock)", "Elizabeth Berrington (Mrs. Blackett)", "Richard Bremmer (Old Billy)", "Neil Bell (Young Billy)", "Caf Smith (Fair Stall Holder)", "Jamie Darlington (Naval Officer)", "Richard Varley (Naval Officer)", "Ashley Davis (Pierrot Clown)", "Jade-Olivia Gadd (Onlooker)", "Nicola Simonds (Villager / Onlooker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The battle for an island.**\r\n\r\nThis is a perfect summer film for the families that produced by the BBC. Based on the children's book of the same name. Frankly, I haven't seen the television nor the film adaptation of this. It looked very fresh to me, so I enjoyed it thoroughly. I'm a big fan of children's films and this one reminded my childhood vacation in the grandparents' rural. Surely everybody, I mean most of us had this kind of adventure, sometimes that ended very seriously.\r\n\r\nThis is mainly about a group of children and their summer adventure, especially sailing in a large lake and exploring an uninhabited island of it. Mrs Walker brings her four children to their grandparents' house in a small English village. The bored kids decide to go sailing on the lake nearby where their father promised to take them one day, but now he's out in the sea far away on the job. Somehow they manage to get permission from the elders and so their adventure begins.\r\n\r\nThey arrive on the island and claim it. But another group who already claimed it challenges them. So their rivalry begins which leads to some great adventures, day and night. How things going to work between them is told in the remaining. Though there are more that takes place alternatively, like the real spy-game of the grown- ups. How these two stories going to meet was revealed with a decent twist. But the thriller parts were compromised since the film is aimed for the little ones.\r\n\r\n> \"I hereby name it Walker Island and claim it for our own.\"\r\n\r\nGreat quality, loved the production. The locations were awesome. Initially I thought this will going to take place in the real Amazon, Brasil, but still I'm satisfied with it. I don't know who is this director, but a well done job. I also don't know whether the story is from the book or just the characters, but expecting a sequel and if possible a film series. I'm not expecting the whole 12 books to be made into films, thought at least a trilogy, since it's a live-action and the kids would grow up fast, they have to hurry up like they did for 'Harry Potter' film series.\r\n\r\nThe story takes place in the summer 1935 and its atmospheres, especially the addition of the spy thing was a smart move as those times were tensed with the early stage of the World War II. Its stretch also gives the adults a reason to watch the film, but sadly that sub-plot was under-used. Anyway, I recommend it to all, since it falls into PG. But there was a scene when the kids decided to go find the source of the fire they saw afar, that part was so edgy. Like that, there are a few more which creates uneasy in the perspective of kids.\r\n\r\nOverall the film looks like a non-magical version of Narnia with four siblings and their exploration turned into an unplanned adventure. Yep, it's not summer yet, off the season, but still I loved it. This is one of the first films to I watch in the 2017, but definitely first children's film. On so many levels, it was a very good film, particularly if you haven't seen the other versions like me and a kid's film fan, you will have a good time. But for the families, as I said earlier, it is not to be missed. It got mixed to positive response from both the film critics and the movie goers, but personally I think it's much better than what they have said. So go for it...\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [411041, 20583, 421750, 41997], "youtube_key": "ztIQkixuOmc"}