{"tmdb_id": 347360, "title": "Blazing Frontier", "original_title": "Blazing Frontier", "slug_title": "blazing-frontier", "date": "1943-09-04", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the 19th and last of the PRC \"Billy the Kid\" series (first six with Bob Steele and last 13 with Buster Crabbe), a feud develops between the settlers and the railroad detectives in Red Rock Valley. Clem Barstow sends for Billy the Kid and Fuzzy Jones to help. Buster suspects that Ward Tragg, chief of the railroad detectives, and Luther Sharp, land agent for the Western Railroad Company, are defrauding the settlers without the knowledge or sanction of the company. Billy and the settlers rustle off cattle, which have been illegally confiscated by Tragg and his men, in order to raise money for Barstow to bid on a ranch which Sharp is illegally auctioning off. Billy discovers that the purchase price on the deed has been altered and Barstow writes the company to send a man to investigate. When Tragg learns about this, he makes plans to kidnap the railroad official.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nkLQSEMxSvNdE45bOM2KDgTDn2B.jpg", "actors": ["Buster Crabbe (Billy the Kid)", "Al St. John (Fuzzy Q. Jones (as Al 'Fuzzy' St. John))", "Marjorie Manners (Helen Barstow)", "Milton Kibbee (Clem Barstow (as Mil Kibbee))", "I. Stanford Jolley (Luther Sharp)", "Frank Hagney (Sheriff Ward Tragg)", "Kermit Maynard (Tragg Deputy Pete)", "George Chesebro (Tragg Deputy Slade)", "Frank Ellis (Tragg Deputy Biff)", "Jimmy Aubrey (The Drunk)", "Barney Beasley (Barfly)", "Hank Bell (Bartender)", "Budd Buster (Luke Newton)", "Rube Dalroy (Homesteader)", "Art Dillard (Stage Driver)", "Curley Dresden (Henchman)", "Kenne Duncan (Homesteader Clark)", "Jack Evans (Homesteader)", "Morgan Flowers (Deputy)", "Augie Gomez (Homesteader)", "Herman Hack (Sheriff's Deputy)", "Chick Hannan (Homesteader)", "Robert F. Hill (Railroad Official John Trainor)", "Ray Jones (Barfly)", "Charles King (Henchman Bidder at Auction)", "Cactus Mack (Deputy Tom)", "Frank McCarroll (Henchman)", "Jack Montgomery (Henchman)", "George Morrell (Townsman)", "Tex Palmer (Barfly)", "Pascale Perry (Sheriff's Deputy)", "Lew Porter (Man at Auction)", "Wally West (Townsman)", "Slim Whitaker (Sheriff)", "Bill Wolfe (Barfly)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}