{"tmdb_id": 34746, "title": "Le justicier - L'ultime combat", "original_title": "Death Wish V: The Face of Death", "slug_title": "le-justicier-l-ultime-combat", "date": "1994-01-14", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Paul Kersey rencontre Olivia et vit un amour auquel il ne croyait plus. Mais l'ex-mari d'Olivia n'est autre que Tommy O'Shea, un gangster notoire. Parce qu'elle le menace de t\u00e9moigner devant les tribunaux, Tommy la d\u00e9figure. Kersey contient sa col\u00e8re et la demande en mariage. Mais celle-ci est abattue par les hommes de O'Shea. D\u00e9sormais, plus rien n'arr\u00eatera Paul...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/76ZSdY8b1MfHK33T5PE8fIYQDfd.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Bronson (Paul Kersey)", "Lesley-Anne Down (Olivia Regent)", "Michael Parks (Tommy O'Shea)", "Chuck Shamata (Sal Paconi)", "Robert Joy (Fredie Flake)", "Saul Rubinek (Brian Hoyle)", "Miguel Sandoval (Hector Vasquez)", "Kenneth Welsh (Lt. Mickey King)", "Kevin Lund (Chuck Paconi)", "Lisa Inouye (Janice Omori)", "Erica Fairfield (Chelsea Regent)", "Jefferson Mappin (Big Al)", "Michael Dunston (Reg)", "Claire Rankin (Maxine)", "Sharolyn Sparrow (Dawn)", "Anna Starnino (Sister)", "Elena Kudaba (Housekeeper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "These people, they steal, they murder, they destroy people's lives and they get away with it!\r\n\r\nAh yes, the Death Wish series of films, each and every one guaranteed to invoke some ire and even hatred from critical circles and film lovers alike. Yet to think that they don't have fans from movie land would be wrong - case in point Death Wish 5: The Face of Death.\r\n\r\nOften considered to be the runt of the litter, it's actually better than what some would have you believe. OK! So the formula is the same as usual, Charles Bronson's Paul Kersey will have to take up his vigilante arms once again when someone close to him falls by the wayside. The law is still an ass and the bad guys can literally get away with murder, but they can't get away from crossing the path of Kersey.\r\n\r\nIt is what it is in that respect, another chance for Bronson to please fans of the series, to attack his role with machismo and a quip on the tongue. Where inventive deaths are conjured with a side order of vigilante relish. There's even strains of film noir in here, with a henchman as a transvestite and another with a dandruff problem that bothers him so. There's even a mannequin factory for added noirish flavours.\r\n\r\nThe production isn't exactly high end (tongue in cheek folks), and the usual suspension of disbelief is very much required, but for fans of Chuck and the series, then this delivers the goods. Bloodily so. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26263, 24873, 14373, 13939]}