{"tmdb_id": 347423, "title": "The Cannibal in the Jungle", "original_title": "The Cannibal in the Jungle", "slug_title": "the-cannibal-in-the-jungle", "date": "2015-04-27", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Crime / Horreur"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "An American scientist who was convicted of killing and cannibalizing two colleagues in the jungles of Flores, Indonesia in 1977.  Branded \"The American Cannibal\" by the press during his trial, Dr. Timothy Darrow defended himself by claiming a mythic human-ape creature was responsible for the murders.  The news outlet documented an indigenous tribe on Flores, the very same island where the hobbit remains were discovered, which had its own accounts of little wild men that stood just over three feet tall, climbed trees, walked on two feet and thrived on cannibalism. And according to the local legend, those creatures may never have died out at all.  Follow an expedition team deep into the heart of Flores Island to investigate Dr. Timothy Darrow's claims and find out once and for all if hobbits still exist in the deepest, most remote realms of the Indonesian jungle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kSIpixWrFpOiUvC155tsx6kK3j0.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Brake (Dr. Timothy Darrow)", "Jim Sturgeon (Dr. Richard Hoernbeck)", "Tim Ahern (Robert Graham)", "Neil D'Souza (Samar Kalam)", "Simon Ginty (Timothy Darrow Recon)", "Jay Gonzaga (Reg Saputra 1970s)", "Miriam Lucia (Susan Clemens)", "Ping Medina (Reg Saputra Recon)", "Seamus Morrison (Timothy Darrow 1970s)", "Enn Reitel (Jan Voorhees)", "Kerry Shale (Peter Kalas)", "Sam Swainsbury (Gary Ward Recon)", "Joseph Timms (Gary Ward 1970s)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}