{"tmdb_id": 347984, "title": "6 Days", "original_title": "6 Days", "slug_title": "6-days", "date": "2017-08-03", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1980, quand des hommes arm\u00e9s s'emparent de l'ambassade iranienne \u00e0 Londres, la tension monte jusqu'\u00e0 ce que les troupes d'\u00e9lite britanniques donnent l'assaut.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yRbC0uRj1RDmF0JLon83il2dkR0.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Strong (Max Vernon)", "Jamie Bell (Rusty Firmin)", "Abbie Cornish (Kate Adie)", "Martin Shaw (Dellow)", "Emun Elliott (Roy)", "Xavier Horan (Tom Morrell)", "Ryan O'Kane (Snapper)", "Tim Pigott-Smith (William Whitelaw)", "Ben Turner (Salim)", "Aymen Hamdouchi (Faisal)", "Simon Elrahi (Imam)", "Martin Hancock (Bill)", "Tim Downie (Jimmy)", "Andrew Grainger (Ray)", "Colin Garlick (John Mac)", "Te Kohe Tuhaka (Tak)", "Robert Portal (Col. Mike Rose)", "John Henshaw (Police Spokesman)", "Ronan Vibert (MI6 Spokesman)", "William Chubb (MI5 Spokesman)", "Sam Snedden (Sim Harris)", "Colin Moy (Hector Gullan)", "Matthew Sunderland (Tom Lovett)", "Toby Leach (Trevor Lock)", "Emma Campbell-Jones (Whitelaw's Aide)", "Calum Gittins (Tommo)", "Fayssal Bazzi (Makki)", "Kenneth Collard (Clive)", "Nicholas Boulton (Chris Cramer)", "Michael Denkha (Kartouti)", "Scarlett Featherstone (Max's Daughter)", "Venice Harris (Max's Daughter)", "Phil Peleton (Intelligence Officer)", "Kip Chapman (Trevor)", "Scott Michael Wagstaff (PC Walker)", "Dominic Hughes (Paramedic)", "David Rumney (Signaller)", "Eric Colvin (OB Technician)", "Sara Stone (Zahra)", "Ajayshri (Caretaker)", "Mia Blake (Betty)", "Ghazaleh Golbakhsh (Nooshin)", "Marjan Gorgani (Interpreter)", "Robert Hartley (Technician)", "Andrew Lawrence (SAS Van Driver)", "Glen Levy (Jerry)", "Alan  McElroy (Irish Cop)", "Brady Powell (Policeman)", "John Ramm (Tony Crabb)", "Jay Sutherland (Policeman)", "Jeff Szusterman (Translator)", "Jared Turner (Tommy Palmer)", "Joel Beckett (Policeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "More _Zero Dark Thirty_ than _13 Hours_, but not able to climb to the heights that Kathryn Bigelow did on that. Not surprising, when you don't have a Kathryn Bigelow of your own, but still, _6 Days_ is not going to rock the genre.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A week of middle-east circus in London!**\r\n\r\nThe 1980 London terror attack. Those days are just the beginning of this new terrorism culture of middle-east. By the way, why should the world care about if one terror seeking just from another. That's the platform of this film. All about middle-east shit, dragged into the west.\r\n\r\nBased on the real. The film was slow, though a decent film. Obviously predictable, but worth a watch. When the iranese embassy was taken hostage by a terror group with demands placed the England government to fulfil, how they have tackled the situation was told from multiple people's angle who were involved in it.\r\n\r\nOne thing it's missing was the some aspect of the tale from the hostages. I don't know why they did emotionalised this tale. Especially from the negative side. The actors were nice, the production too. Other than that it was not a most expected film of the year. Maybe not many have heard of it. Except it's more like a television film, I think once watchable.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [460846, 390054, 463906, 410554], "youtube_key": "OcGUIEz6SHA"}