{"tmdb_id": 34813, "title": "The Losers", "original_title": "The Losers", "slug_title": "the-losers", "date": "2010-04-23", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un commando des Forces Sp\u00e9ciales est envoy\u00e9 en Bolivie pour arr\u00eater un grand trafiquant de drogue. Max, le chef de l'op\u00e9ration, les envoie, en r\u00e9alit\u00e9, dans un pi\u00e8ge: il les abandonne sur place et retourne aux \u00c9tats-Unis o\u00f9 il compte vendre une puissante arme \u00e0 des terroristes. Aid\u00e9 par la myst\u00e9rieuse Aisha, le groupe parvient \u00e0 rentrer en Am\u00e9rique o\u00f9 ils tentent de faire \u00e9chouer le dangereux projet de Max...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/GJ6QMT6NF1cW2tMY5TZs49zOwx.jpg", "actors": ["Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Franklin Clay)", "Zoe Saldana (Aisha al-Fadhil)", "Chris Evans (Jake Jensen)", "Idris Elba (William Roque)", "Columbus Short (Linwood 'Pooch' Porteous)", "\u00d3scar Jaenada (Carlos 'Cougar' Alvarez)", "Jason Patric (Max)", "Holt McCallany (Wade Travis)", "Peter Macdissi (Vikram)", "Peter Francis James (Fadhil)", "Tanee McCall (Jolene)", "Ernesto Morales Ramos (Nabil)", "Robert Slavonia (Mr. Anderson)", "Gunner Wright (Jet Pilot)", "Isaac Santiago (Soldier)", "Ramiro 'Ramir' Delgado Ruiz ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jeremiah", "content": "Staring Negan before he was Negan, Captain America before he was Captain America, Gamora before she was Gamora, Stringer Bell *after* he was Stringer Bell, and two other dudes I really feel bad for as they don't have a cool name from something else... \r\n\r\nDespite all this talent, the movie just wasn't that good. Boring action scenes with too much slo-mo, predictable plot, cringe worthy as hell jokes, and technobabble that anybody with even a passing knowledge of what's being talked about will laugh at... \r\n\r\nSo why 5/10 stars instead of less? It's stupid fun. I have to believe the corny jokes and ridiculousness of some of the scenes were done purposely... They just weren't done well. It felt like they wanted to make an over-the-top action-comedy in a comicbook style, but realized about halfway through that they'd spent all their budget on actors and the soundtrack. \r\n\r\nWe had a lot of fun watching it, but I can only recommend watching this to laugh at... Even then though, you probably have better options."}], "recommandations_id": [31867, 23742, 1266, 10431], "youtube_key": "OmFTjvdrfyY"}