{"tmdb_id": 348390, "title": "Confirmation", "original_title": "Confirmation", "slug_title": "confirmation", "date": "2016-04-16", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "R\u00e9cit du scandale qui a entour\u00e9 la nomination de Clarence Thomas comme juge de la Cour Supr\u00eame des Etats-Unis en 1991, suite \u00e0 une plainte pour harc\u00e8lement sexuel de son ancienne coll\u00e8gue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ohwbO0x3Fj9Luijir2XPl1TzBlg.jpg", "actors": ["Kerry Washington (Anita Hill)", "Wendell Pierce (Clarence Thomas)", "Greg Kinnear (Joe Biden)", "Jeffrey Wright (Charles Ogletree)", "Eric Stonestreet (Ken Duberstein)", "Zoe Lister-Jones (Carolyn Hart)", "Grace Gummer (Ricki Seidman)", "Treat Williams (Ted Kennedy)", "Dylan Baker (Orrin Hatch)", "Erika Christensen (Shirley Wiegand)", "Alison Wright (Virginia Thomas)", "Bill Irwin (Senator Jack Danforth)", "Malcolm Gets (Arlen Specter)", "Peter McRobbie (Alan Simpson)", "Kimberly Elise (Sonia Jarvis)", "Jennifer Hudson (Angela Wright)", "Frank Hoyt Taylor (Strom Thurmond)", "Tom Virtue (Patrick Leahy)", "Peter Trencher (Paul Simon)", "Kristen Ariza (Judy Smith)", "Tom Nowicki (John Franks)", "Mary Rachel Dudley (Susan Deller Ross)", "Rhoda Griffis (Judith Resnik)", "Mystie Smith (Michelle Roberts)", "Donna Biscoe (Eleanor Holmes Norton)", "Natalie Karp (Barbara Boxer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Claims and rejects and the stupid enquiry!**\r\n\r\nThis is a television film, a political-thriller-drama from the director of 'Dope'. Inspired by the real 1991 event when president Bush nominated the judge Clarence Thomas to the supreme court. Followed by a former employee Anita Hill, came forward claiming Thomas sexually harassed her while working for him back then which brings an enquiry on the issue before any big decision regarding his new post. Both the sides fight, but it's her alone against the president backing team. How the hearing ends and who wins it disclosed in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nGood cast, but Kerry Washington was reason the film to shine. Her performance reminded me Julianne Moore as Sarah Palin from 'Game Change'. She won the Emmy Awards for that and now I believe Kerry Washington has a chance to do the same. Apart from her, the story did not look good. It opened so well, followed by strong middle part and then the last act last its charm quickly. Because it was all about one alleging against another and he keeps rejecting them, but that twist I expected never came or its powerful dialogues. Even though it was beautifully made.\r\n\r\nThe reason the movie staying neutral is might be the actual result of the trial. So they kept balancing the contents throughout the narration, yet the as the viewers, we can understand the guilty feelings from the suspect's face. That's how the film silently gives its own verdict regarding whatever the real one was. One of the best television film, but due to its weak conclusion, the people are dissatisfied. Still, it is a good watch, if you are interested in politics to learn how ugly and at a same time how silly it is.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [344641, 492638, 45803, 29126]}