{"tmdb_id": 34846, "title": "WWE WrestleMania", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania", "date": "1985-03-31", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania was the first annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event (only in selected areas), produced by the World Wrestling Federation. It took place on March 31, 1985, at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The attendance for the event was 19,121 fans. The event was viewed by over one million fans through closed-circuit television, making it the largest showing of an event on closed-circuit television in the United States at the time.  The show featured nine professional wrestling matches. The main event match pitted Hulk Hogan and Mr. T against Roddy Piper and Paul Orndorff. Hogan and Mr. T won the match after interference from \"Cowboy\" Bob Orton. Also at the event, Wendi Richter (accompanied by manager Cyndi Lauper) defeated Leilani Kai to win the WWF Women's Championship, and Nikolai Volkoff and The Iron Sheik defeated The U.S. Express (Mike Rotundo and Barry Windham) to win the WWF Tag Team Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vKZ322XPkzcqgfeGWjYMb8eIHSP.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Mr. T (Himself)", "Roddy Piper (\"Rowdy\" Roddy Piper)", "Paul Orndorff (\"Mr. Wonderful\" Paul Orndorff)", "Cyndi Lauper (Herself)", "Christopher Alan Pallies (Himself)", "Richard Henry Blood Sr. (Ricky \"The Dragon\" Steamboat)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Bobby Heenan (Bobby \"The Brain\" Heenan)", "Josip Nikolai Peruzovi\u0107 (Nikolai Volkoff)", "Khosrow Vaziri (The Iron Sheik)", "Freddie Blassie (Classy Freddie Blassie)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Himself)", "Barry Clinton Windham (Himself)", "Louis Vincent Albano (Captain Lou Albano)", "Sylvester Ritter (Junkyard Dog)", "Greg Valentine (Greg \"The Hammer\" Valentine)", "Jimmy Hart (\"The Mouth Of The South\" Jimmy Hart)", "Bruno Sammartino (Himself)", "David Sammartino (Himself)", "Johnny L. Sullivan (Luscious Johnny Valiant)", "Matthew Wade Osborne (Matt Borne)", "Conrad Efraim (Special Delivery Jones)", "Paul Perschmann (The Executioner)", "John William Minton (Big John Studd)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Bob Orton, Jr. (Cowboy Bob Orton)", "James Reiher (\"Superfly\" Jimmy Snuka)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58964, 53195, 58601, 58962], "youtube_key": "Fzxak_nrPtk"}