{"tmdb_id": 348674, "title": "A War", "original_title": "Krigen", "slug_title": "a-war", "date": "2015-09-10", "genre": "Drame / Guerre", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Claus Michael Pedersen, commandant de compagnie danois est d\u00e9termin\u00e9, dans son combat pour changer le monde et diriger ses troupes, tout en se persuadant, lui et ses hommes, que le jeu en vaut la chandelle. Mais au Danemark, la guerre prend un tout autre visage, au cours d'une bataille contre les Talibans, une patrouille tourne tr\u00e8s mal : un jeune soldat est gri\u00e8vement bless\u00e9 et Claus prend instinctivement la d\u00e9cision de bombarder la zone afin de permettre l'arriv\u00e9e d'un h\u00e9licopt\u00e8re de secours. La mission est couronn\u00e9e de succ\u00e8s. Le jeune soldat a la vie sauve. Mais Claus ne se doute pas que sa d\u00e9cision impactera le reste de sa vie : les corps de 11 femmes et enfants afghans sont retrouv\u00e9s sous les ruines. Claus est arr\u00eat\u00e9 et accus\u00e9 de crime de guerre. Il rentre chez lui, non pas aur\u00e9ol\u00e9 de gloire, mais bien pour affronter la justice militaire et se battre pour son int\u00e9grit\u00e9 et celle de sa famille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aVGlLUj9Huc2aWezuyHV2OPhhTb.jpg", "actors": ["Pilou Asb\u00e6k (Claus Michael Pedersen)", "Tuva Novotny (Maria Pedersen)", "S\u00f8ren Malling (Martin R. Olsen)", "Charlotte Munck (Lisbeth Danning)", "Dar Salim (Najib Bisma)", "Dulfi Al-Jabouri (Lutfi Hassan)", "Alex H\u00f8gh Andersen (Anders)", "Jakob Fr\u00f8lund (Terkel Sand)", "Phillip Sem Damb\u00e6k (Brian Brask)", "Petrine Agger (Ulla)", "Martin Tamm Andersen (Michael Chidekel)", "Christian 'Krolle' Pedersen (Kenneth 'Slagter' Jensen)", "Andre Fog Sorensen (Nikolai Jones)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A single aspect account, the other side remains mystery.\r\n\r\nThe movie that representing Denmark at the 88th American Academy Awards. To be honest, it was not as overwhelming as I anticipated or heard of it, especially after witnessing an outstanding sea piracy drama 'A Hijacking' from the same director. But for the todays scenario, any war movie with a fine production quality and a decent storyline is a hot topic. For instance, how a small movie like 'Kajaki' made a big impact among the movie fans.\r\n\r\nThe main cast and crew combo returned from the previous film. It was a simple story told in three phases. The first two are narrated parallely between a husband fighting a war in Afghanistan and his wife taking care of their children back at home. The third part was the crucial one, the meeting point of the previous two, that mean all the earlier development leads to this final and probably the best setup for the tale to conclude.\r\n\r\nIt was a realistic portrayal, and obviously coped with a slow pace rendering. But the timeline, especially skipping almost 6 months between the two halves of the movie ruined the rhythm of the steady narration. Actually, that is the story and it has to be done that way without other option. Regarding the story, it is difficult for the viewers come to any conclusion about what they see. Definitely it was not a complicated storytelling, but the entire film was a single perspective narration and you can't know what happened on the other side.\r\n\r\n> \"You can't imagine, what it means to be out there.\"\r\n\r\nYou might think I said lots of negative about the movie, but the fact is I liked it and still I felt it should have been a lot better than that. You are not me, so you might like it better than me. The movie topic was very serious, that talks about a war crime and the rest is a courtroom drama. The first half was clueless about what the movie is about, so you can't make any prediction. More like a composition of the unimportant events until the army unit's first encounter with their enemy.\r\n\r\nWhat comes after was really a good stuff, increases our expectation on how it's going to end and again that part was very ordinary. It's okay to be simple because this screenplay was not aimed for commercial or the entertainment gain than being natural to the real world. The moral of the story is the highlight, but people who watched this film forget that and bring up points why they did not like it as I brought a couple in the early.\r\n\r\nAll scenes were well shot and the actors performed so good. I also heard that the soldiers were real army men who fought in the real battleground where this movie sets in. So the director had the experienced men around to guide to make a flawless war-drama and in the end it all payed off well after entering the final stage of the Oscars race. That's what any filmmaker in the world would have wanted, an international recognition for his hard work.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [358927, 287628, 285581, 267480]}