{"tmdb_id": 348678, "title": "Mr. Ove", "original_title": "En man som heter Ove", "slug_title": "mr-ove", "date": "2015-12-25", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "A cinquante-neuf ans, Ove se sent vieux. Veuf, grincheux et d\u00e9pressif, il n\u2019attend plus qu\u2019une seule chose de la vie : la mort ! Depuis que sa femme est d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9e et qu\u2019il a \u00e9t\u00e9 licenci\u00e9, il erre dans sa maison, fait des rondes de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 dans le quartier pour v\u00e9rifier que tout est en ordre, engueule les r\u00e9sidents de son lotissement et se sent atrocement inutile, au point de d\u00e9cider d\u2019en finir.\r Mais entre la corde qui c\u00e8de alors qu\u2019il s\u2019appr\u00eate \u00e0 se pendre et un chat de goutti\u00e8re impertinent, ce n\u2019est pas si simple. Sans compter que ses nouveaux voisins, Parvaneh, une jeune Iranienne, son mari et leurs deux charmants enfants, d\u00e9rangent Ove en permanence et interrompent chacune de ses tentatives de suicide, ce qui le met dans une rage folle. Bref, Ove n\u2019est pas pr\u00e8s d\u2019acc\u00e9der au repos \u00e9ternel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9dwCRd569l2Q2nWTjBjUcVuwmoq.jpg", "actors": ["Rolf Lassg\u00e5rd (Ove)", "Bahar Pars (Parvaneh)", "Filip Berg (Unga Ove)", "Ida Engvoll (Sonja)", "Tobias Almborg (Patrick)", "Klas Wiljerg\u00e5rd (Jimmy)", "Chatarina Larsson (Anita)", "B\u00f6rje Lundberg (Rune)", "Stefan G\u00f6dicke (Oves pappa)", "Johan Widerberg (Vitskjortan)", "Anna-Lena Bergelin (Journalisten Lena)", "Nelly Jamarani (Sepideh)", "Zozan Akg\u00fcn (Nasanin)", "Viktor Baag\u00f8e (Ove 7 \u00e5r)", "Simon Edenroth (Adrian)", "Poyan Kamiri (Mirsad)", "Maja Rung (Unga Anita)", "Simeon Da Costa Maya (Unga Rune)", "Jessica Olsson (M\u00e4h\u00e4t)", "Fredrik Evers (Anders)", "Ola Hed\u00e9n (Tom)", "Lasse Carlsson (Oves kollega)", "Anna Granath (Clownen Beppo)", "Emelie Str\u00f6mberg (Blomsteraff\u00e4rsexpidit)", "Christoffer Nordenrot (Dressmankille 1)", "Simon Reithner (Dressmankille 2)", "Jerker Fahlstr\u00f6m (Kondukt\u00f6ren)", "Johanna Karlberg (Byggvaruhusexpidit)", "Johan Friberg (Direkt\u00f6ren)", "Erik St\u00e5hlberg (Vitskjortan epok)", "Magnus Sundberg (Halstatuerad man)", "Karin de Frumerie (Oves l\u00e4kare)", "Sofie G\u00e4llersp\u00e5ng (Brud)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "The life after the loved one departed.\r\n\r\nThis is a Swedish film based on the book of the same name. It is sent to represent the nation at the 2017 Oscars and as for now, it made into the December shortlist. This is the tale of an old grumpy man and the life after the death of his wife. That would be a toughest phase of life for anybody. I am sure you had seen many films like this, but this one was slightly different, yet totally convincing on every topic it focused on. So funny, at a time meaningful and emotional, particularly how the tale ends.\r\n\r\nIn a small township, a 59 year old man called Ove lived most of his life and now he decides to take his life. But the attempt was prevented when a new lousy neighbour arrives and so it keep delays further. Now's the time to reveal all the reasons behind his dreadful decision with lots of flashbacks and current affairs. That he's a nightmare in his neigbourhood to those who break the rules. He's not a friendly type, because of his childhood and the lessons he learnt from his father to face the life as tough it gets.\r\n\r\nThe only friend he ever had did not last for a long. His wife was his world and then the job at the railway. The narration given a good enough focus on his romance life. His younger version, played by another actor reveals particularly the initial stage like how he had met her. I don't know these actors, but they all were so good. A perfect setting as well for the story to take place. I think the filmmakers did lots of best decisions and in the end it all paid off with a greater recognition in the international level.\r\n\r\n> \"Honesty is the best thing, Ove. But sometimes honesty needs a little help.\"\r\n\r\nA heartwarming comedy-drama for all age groups. I was looking for such a film and I realised only after watching it. The character Ove was designed awesomely and all the story events built around him was excellent. Covered most of the topics like friendship, love, neighbours, job, moral values, even the pet animals. Loads of fun, guaranteed entertainment if you are seeking a comedy film. As Ove was portrayed very seriously, all his actions, especially the newly arrived woman make major difference to end the film most comedic way.\r\n\r\nThe regularly visiting his wife's grave, the film beautifully gives an insight on the life of Ove being a widower and a retiree. But also how it all turns around for him who never laughs and finally he does, was the film's highlight. Like I always say, I'm not a book person, but I love watching films based on the good books like this one. An awesome adaptation and I hope those who loved the book, as well enjoyed the film.\r\n\r\nUsually all the good films run nearly or over two hours. Because of the slow and steady developments in its characters and the story. For this film, you won't notice the time. The pace of the narration, including the lovable characters and the storyline makes you forget everything else. In a few days the 89th American Academy Awards nominees will be announced and I am sure it will make. Looks like this year, three Scandinavian films going to make the noise at the Oscars. In the meantime, I hint you not to miss it, either it wins or lose, it is one of the best films of the year around the world.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [374475, 375315, 238628, 311291], "youtube_key": "oCh4iiAXuAc"}