{"tmdb_id": 348893, "title": "Boyka\u00a0: Un seul deviendra invincible", "original_title": "Boyka: Undisputed IV", "slug_title": "boyka-un-seul-deviendra-invincible", "date": "2016-08-01", "genre": "Thriller / Action / Crime", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir d\u00e9couvert que la femme de l\u2019homme qu\u2019il a accidentellement tu\u00e9 sur le ring est en danger, le combattant Boyka se lance dans une s\u00e9ries de combats.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4EmGy1LCPgu4iKvVD06GmE22LB.jpg", "actors": ["Scott Adkins (Yuri Boyka)", "Teodora Duhovnikova (Alma)", "Alon Aboutboul (Zourab)", "Julian Vergov (Slava)", "Martyn Ford (Koshmar)", "Brahim Achabbakhe (Igor Kazmir)", "Paul Chahidi (Kiril)", "Petio Petkov (Dominik)", "Valentin Ganev (Warden)", "Vlado Mihailov (Priest)", "Vladimir Kolev (Koychev)", "Hristo Petkov (Guard)", "Boris Pankin (Scout #1)", "Bashar Rahal (Scout #2)", "Emilien De Falco (Viktor)", "Tim Man (Ozerov Brother #1)", "Andreas Nguyen (Ozerov Brother #2)", "Hristo Padev (Tall Soldier)", "Yavor Baharov (EMT)", "Plamen Velikov (Russian Priest)", "Slavi Slavov (Prison Referee)", "Ivan Kostadinov (Large Fighter)", "Atanas Madzharov (Church Choir)", "Atanaska Popova (Church Choir)", "Georgi Petkov (Church Choir)", "Mihaela Semova (Church Choir)", "Trayan Milenov-Troy (Boris Tarsov)", "Vencislav Stojanov (Club Referee)", "Velizar Peev (Fighter #1)", "Tsvetolyub Iliev (Opponent)", "Ilian Emanviov (Local Fighter)", "Danko Jordanov (Zourab's Guard #1)", "Ivan Iliev (Zourab's Guard #2)", "Genko Ivanov (Bouncer #1)", "Stefan Shopov (Bouncer #2)", "Dimiter Doichinov (Doorman #1)", "Venelin Mishev (Doorman #2)", "Anina Youroukova (Female Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cBoyka is BACK\u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nThis movie is the 4th installment in this amazing fighting franchise it was of great experience where we get to see a soft side of boyka from his usual ruthless aggression which makes the viewers see a good side of him. So the movie starts in a way we see he is trying to get into the big leagues that\u2019s when he causes a death by accident then after that follows the whole events with accordance to that incident. Am not going to explain more as it will ruin the movie don\u2019t want to be a movie spoiler. Scott Adkins is back as boyka for the 4th time he did justice to his role yet again with some amazing action sequences. The story has not been repeated of course the ending is predictable but each scene keeps us at the edge of our seats I have enjoyed all the installments till now and the heroine was also really good with her acting skills .So it\u2019s good for a one time watch. Rated R for brutal violence and language throughout. The movie is directed by Todor Chapkanov. The writers were Boaz Davidson and David N. White. The movie was shot in Bulgaria.\r\nNotable acting\r\nScott Adkins (Boyka) known for his acting in the movies Doctor Strange, The Expendables 2 and The Bourne Ultimatum\r\nTeodora Duhovnikova (Alma)\r\nAlon Aboutboul (Zourab) known for his acting in the movie The dark knight rises\r\n\r\nGenre: Action, Crime and Thriller\r\nMy Rating: 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The return of Yuri Boyka!**\r\n\r\nThe last film in the series was seven years ago. I almost forgot everything about it. I had no time to have a quick glance on those before trying this, but while watching this, all the memories came back. It was different. Different means, they wanted the franchise back in action, so they have started with a simple storyline. Everything was predictable in the film, but that was not the point. They a wanted platform, so to move to the better side in the future.\r\n\r\nYuri Boyka was looking forward to take park in a big league, but his last fight did not go well. He won it by a knockout, though the opponent did not survive. That mentally disturbed him, so he wanted to make a few things right. Now, on the eve of the big event, he set to a quick trip to Russia. Why he went and what had happened there, all are the other side of the tale with some good fights and emotions.\r\n\r\nScott Adkins was great. This part kind of reminded me the 'Rocky'. Particularly for the sentimental reasons. The mix of that and stunts were good. Familiarity was the weakness of the film, even though enjoyable. Especially it is for Boyka and 'Undisputed' series fans. They surely would love it. It was a wonderful re-initiation, but hoping better sequels to follow and in a grand scale as well. So when's the next one!\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [38234, 15255, 15070, 447665]}