{"tmdb_id": 349176, "title": "Assassination Classroom", "original_title": "\u6620\u753b \u6697\u6bba\u6559\u5ba4", "slug_title": "assassination-classroom", "date": "2015-03-21", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Une myst\u00e9rieuse cr\u00e9ature d\u00e9truit 70% de la lune . La cr\u00e9ature pr\u00e9vient alors que s'il n'est pas d\u00e9truit avant le mois de Mars de l'ann\u00e9e prochaine , il d\u00e9truira la terre . La cr\u00e9ature exige aussi de devenir le professeur principal pour la 3e classe E classe \u00e0 Kunugigaoka Junior High School . Le gouvernement ne peut refuser. La cr\u00e9ature devient alors le professeur principal de la classe qui se compose d' \u00e9tudiants ayant \u00e9chou\u00e9 , y compris Nagisa Shiota ( Ryosuke Yamada ) . La cr\u00e9ature est appel\u00e9e Teacher Koro . Pendant ce temps , le gouvernement demande aux \u00e9tudiants de tuer le Ma\u00eetre Koro qui a promis de ne pas leur faire de mal. Le gouvernement offre une r\u00e9compense de 10 milliards de yens pour qui parviendra \u00e0 le tuer . Les \u00e9tudiants sont confus par la situation , mais d\u00e9cident de tuer le Ma\u00eetre Koro .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bBMT5L176OcMa7DjlLKGFMDXlpV.jpg", "actors": ["Kazunari Ninomiya (Koro Sensei (voice))", "Ryosuke Yamada (Nagisa Shiota)", "Masaki Suda (Karuma Akabane)", "Maika Yamamoto (Kaede Kayano)", "Seika Taketomi (Rio Nakamura)", "Mio Yuki (Yukiko Kanzaki)", "Miku Uehara (Manami Okuda)", "Kippei Shiina (Tadaomi Karasuma)", "Kouki Osamura (Taiga Okajima)", "Takumi Ooka (Ryunosuke Chiba)", "Saki Takahashi (Hinata Okano)", "Yuuhi Kato (Yuuma Isogai)", "Kang Ji-young (Irina Jelavic)", "Ami Okuma (Kirara Hazama)", "Jitsunori Uehera (Manami Okuda)", "Kanon Miyahara (Megu Kataoka)", "Kenji Sugawara (Ryoma Terasaka)", "Y\u00fbji Takao (Muramatsu Takuya)", "Rena Shimura (Hinano Kurahashi)", "Titi Hasegawa (Taisei Yoshida)", "Arisa Sato (Toka Yada)", "Hinano Tanaka (Hayami Rinka)", "Ry\u00fbnosuke Okada (Maehara Hiroto)", "Sh\u00f4ta Arai (Masayoshi Kimura)", "Mitsugu Ozawa (Sosuke Sugaya)", "Takuya Yoshihara (Kotaro Takebayashi)", "Rena Takeda (Yuzuki Fuwa)", "Riku Ichikawa (Tomohito Sugino)", "Mikawa Yusae (Mimura Koki)", "Mion Kaneko (Sumire Hara)", "Kanna Hashimoto (Ritsu)", "Seishirou Katou (Itona)", "Wakana Aoi (Ayaka Saitou)", "Yugo Mikawa (Koki Mimura)", "Kanon Miyahara (Kataoka Megu)", "Masanobu Takashima (Akira Takaoka)", "Mirei Kiritani (Aguri Yukimura)", "Roy Kishima (Shiro)", "Riku Hagiwara ()", "Arisa Matsunaga (Toka Yada)", "Takeo Nakahara (Goki Onaga)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A strange tale of class E.**\r\n\r\nI had zero idea about the film. Anybody who reads the title correctly would think it might be a horror or a crime-thriller. It was the same case for me as well. This is a strong name for a children's film, particularly in the west. Remember 'Jack the Giant Killer' was renamed as '...Giant Slayer' for the same reason. But adults do not care, especially the youngsters. Such films are measured by how much blood shed. Anyway, it was well designed. From the story to the characters.\r\n\r\nSo this was adapted from a famous manga series of the same name. Recently an anime series as well made out of it and was received so well. The creativity has no limits, that's how Japanese manga and animes flourished when the western world shifted their focus on 3D animation. Even the Marvel and DC made a bigger stride in motion pictures. This is an alien invasion theme, but very unique, probably only kind. It is more like a computer game than a film. Just take a gun and have a great time killing the strange creature(s). Just like most of the films in the 'Resident Evil' franchise.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Oppai Valleyball'. The film is about the students and their class E from a junior high school that was invaded by an alien intelligence. He who claims the responsibility for most part of the moon's disappearance and pledged to do the same to earth by the end of the year. Now with the full support of government and armed agencies, the class E students are given full license to kill the alien and win the great prize. Provided them human friendly weapons and assassination training, the game begins.\r\n\r\n> \u275dEven though he's a powerful who can destroy the world, everyone is saying he's quite good at teaching.\u275e\r\n\r\nBy learning the storyline, you might think it is easy, but that's the trick part. Because Korosensei (the name was given to it by class E students) is lightening fast and no bullet can hit him. You can call it something like Japanese version of 'The Flash'. Even he looks like a smile emoji with weird smiling sound, but the facial expression changes according to the situations like the different emoticons.\r\n\r\nThe concept of the film definitely looks great for manga and anime, but live-action is different and they did make it work. The film was close to two hours, and they filled it with quite interesting stuffs. That means I did not face any trouble with the film's pace. Most of the story takes place in the classroom and its surroundings. Great character, as well, well developed story at different levels to make it a good entertaining product.\r\n\r\nDespite Korosensei is the villain, he was quite likable character. His dialogues, his dedication in teaching, he can be easily forgiven, but his threats are very serious. It's a matter of defending the earth and human pride. So that's the major difference between humans, including class E and him. But all this is in a comedy film, that's the great about the film. Honestly, I did not get a few jokes, as they are meant very close to the Japanese sense of humour. But still a very enjoyable film by outsiders.\r\n\r\nThere's already a sequel was made by the same director called 'The Graduation', but it was not as successful as this one. I can't rule out anything till I saw it myself. Hope I would see it as soon as possible. Meanwhile, if you haven't seen it yet, surely worth an attempt. But don't expect too much fancy like the western sci-fis. If you are familiar with the Japanese style of storytelling, you would know your limit. Like many manga adaptations to the big screens, I'm very thankful. Because I'm unlucky to get a chance to read those mangas as I can't get them anywhere near me. Anyway, I'm not a book guy, but films. So this format works for me and I'm loving it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [359628, 100482, 51523, 314829], "youtube_key": "notfound"}