{"tmdb_id": 349275, "title": "Declaration of Genius", "original_title": "\ucc9c\uc7ac\uc120\uc5b8", "slug_title": "declaration-of-genius", "date": "1995-07-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A strange man appears in Pagoda Park. His name is Young-sung. Another man stands in a corner, carefully takes in his every move and tapes him with a camcorder. His name is Ahn Sang-gi, a self-proclaimed film director. Young-sung spots a high school girl and begins to follow her. Her name is Jin-kyung. The three meet in a cafe and become inseparable in a matter of hours. Madame Sul-hee, owner of an exclusive club, introduces them to many high level officials. Young-sung begins to tell fortunes for the many individuals they meet including a powerful politician to a corrupt national hero and Sang-gi collects fees. In the midst of all this, Jin-kyung schemes to get pregnant with Young-sung's child, and Sang-gi is convinced that he is close to realizing his dream of becoming a film director. Little do they know that Young-sung's clairvoyance is not permanent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ddb6prlx90mxWwfcnISAGM3zbLo.jpg", "actors": ["Ahn Sung-ki ()", "Kim Myung-gon ()", "Hong Jin-kyung ()", "Kim Bo-Yeon ()", "Lee Jeong-in ()", "Shin Chaong-shik ()", "Lee Hae-ryong ()", "Kim Yeong-in ()", "Kim Seong-chan ()", "Lee Hee-sung ()", "Yi Zong-gu ()", "Lee Jeong-hak ()", "Song In-hyeon ()", "Kim Il-Woo ()", "Park Gil-soo ()", "Kim Pil-guk ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}