{"tmdb_id": 350060, "title": "Heartstone - Un \u00e9t\u00e9 islandais", "original_title": "Hjartasteinn", "slug_title": "heartstone-un-ete-islandais", "date": "2016-12-28", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans un village de p\u00eache isol\u00e9 au fin fond de l\u2019Islande, deux adolescents, Thor et Christian, vivent un \u00e9t\u00e9 mouvement\u00e9. Tandis que l\u2019un essaie de conqu\u00e9rir le c\u0153ur d\u2019une jeune fille, l\u2019autre se d\u00e9couvre \u00e9prouver de nouveaux sentiments envers son meilleur ami. \u00c0 la fin de l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9, lorsque la nature semble brutalement reprendre ses droits dans l\u2019\u00eele, il est alors temps de quitter l\u2019enfance et, pour les deux jeunes gar\u00e7ons, d\u2019accepter d\u2019entrer dans l\u2019\u00e2ge adulte.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ecBEkb4RvsP8O0GAlRrQoUzMz9W.jpg", "actors": ["Baldur Einarsson (Th\u00f3r)", "Bl\u00e6r Hinriksson (Kristj\u00e1n)", "Dilj\u00e1 Valsd\u00f3ttir (Beta)", "Katla Nj\u00e1lsd\u00f3ttir (Hanna)", "S\u00f8ren Malling (Sven)", "N\u00edna D\u00f6gg Filippusd\u00f3ttir (Hulda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Asa_movies", "content": "Am I bad?\r\nShould I be sad?\r\nI am different\r\nand it's really an embarrassment.\r\n\r\nI feel\r\nI try\r\nI love\r\nand smile\r\n\r\nMy girlfriends are as their mothers\r\nMy boyfriends are as they fathers\r\nI am like our fathers\r\nwith a combination with our mothers.\r\n\r\nI feel like I am girl\r\nI kiss like I am sensible to man's hiss\r\nlike a man who likes other men\r\nin the way there is something beyond our beautiful faces.\r\nThese are our beautiful hearts.\r\n\r\nI tried to be like they are\r\nI tried to be like other guys\r\nI prayed\r\nI learned how to act\r\nwith a lot of different facts.\r\n\r\nYou can see: I am a bit confused.\r\nBorn like a boy,\r\nnow I am like a girl.\r\nI love boys I kiss boys\r\nand i make up me and my toys.\r\n\r\nI went so far\r\nI have fallen in love with my boyfriend\r\nwho started to realize how weird am I\r\nI started to wonder: who am I?\r\n\r\nAm I boy?\r\nAm I girl?\r\nNot for sure.\r\nI am confused.\r\nI am not like others.\r\nNot like my brothers and fathers.\r\n\r\nI am sad,\r\nI am bad,\r\nThere is no more life for me\r\nHeartstone is a very bad burden\r\n\r\nI have to make an end\r\nGoodbye my mother\r\nGoodbye my father\r\nGoodbye my lovely friend!\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nWritten by Asa_movies (Tanja)"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A coming-of-age from Iceland.**\r\n\r\nThe initial impression was not very good. Made me uneasy to watch. Because there were some inhumane shots. They all looked so real. So I thought I would going to hate this film. But I did not. It was only in the opening, like a small black spot in something beautiful. Soon the scenario had changed. Jumped into tail two friends, their activities. That's understandable to show us their bond and what to expect in the latter parts.\r\n\r\nThis is a children's film, but teenager's. So like at their age, it's desperate to learn about the opposite sex attraction. Most of the time it won't be pleasant. The teens have their own way to explore it. So the film was focused on their take on the sexuality. Come-of-age theme where the majority revolved around friendship. Definitely a good awareness film, but very intentional storytelling. Especially the twist and the conclusion. For me it was intentional, because I've seen plenty of similar films. But I don't think you and others would think that way as well. Kind of easy to guess how it all turns out at the end, but when you see them in pictures, the experience is different.\r\n\r\nIn a small remote town of Iceland, it's about a time for two teen friends to find out their sexuality. Their families have issues, but nothing stopping them to wandering around everyday, hanging out with the girls, doing stuff like anyone of their age would do. When one of their small mischievous events is taken seriously by their parents, the things begin to change forth. They are not same anymore. The long standing friendship is tested now. But how the story ends was conveniently told.\r\n\r\n> -xX] No makeup! We look gay enough already. [Xx-\r\n\r\nThis is a gay themed film, though not right from the beginning or too deeply dived to narrate the tale from that angle. But like usual, it highlighted how still in some places the word gay is still a sin. All you can learn about it from the kid's perspective, how they are sidelined among their ages. You could say that they were yet to learn the meaning of it, but the case is not the same with their elders too. Not focused enough on the adult characters, yet the film reveals their society is not open enough for all kinds.\r\n\r\nI have seen a lot such awareness film about LGBT, this is another that tells about the Iceland's version of discrimination. Totally respect the film and filmmaking, because it's made with a good intention. Though like I have mentioned, the opening was not pleasant. Opened with a brutal tone which did not stay that way henceforth. Being an animal and a nature lover, I could not stand for it. Other than that, there's no reason to dislike the flick. In some way, that was a step taken in the transformation of the characters. That's what it's all about, the meaning of coming-of-age, is not it!\r\n\r\nWell, for a such theme, the actors usually are fresh faces. So they all performance so good. It was a directional debut for the filmmaker as well. Awesomely written and made. Won many film festivel awards. I particularly loved the countryside scenic. Just same as what I've seen from the Kiwi films that set in the rural areas. As much as they focused on the story, it had very pleasant backgrounds that synced so beautifully with what it had narrated for us. It had been in my watchlist. We put films into that list when something interesting element triggers. So now I'm happy to scratch it off. Mission accomplished! It surely stood to the expectation and so do I now recommend it for others as well.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [387898, 12221, 225255], "youtube_key": "EIolgEvMAJ8"}