{"tmdb_id": 350505, "title": "Molly Moon et le livre magique de l'hypnose", "original_title": "Molly Moon and the Incredible Book of Hypnotism", "slug_title": "molly-moon-et-le-livre-magique-de-l-hypnose", "date": "2015-04-11", "genre": "Fantastique", "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Molly Moon, une petite orpheline anglaise d\u00e9couvre, gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 un myst\u00e9rieux manuel, ses pouvoirs d\u2019hypnotiseuse. Apr\u00e8s avoir envo\u00fbt\u00e9 la m\u00e9chante directrice de l\u2019orphelinat, Molly Moon s\u2019embarque pour les \u00c9tats-Unis et devient star \u00e0 Broadway. Mais ses pouvoirs magiques font des envieux\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2ccXCLhCSA5PX0TlR2yA1gnyTlu.jpg", "actors": ["Emily Watson (Miss Trinklebury)", "Dominic Monaghan (Nockman)", "Raffey Cassidy (Molly Moon)", "Joan Collins (Nockman's Mother)", "Anne-Marie Duff (Lucy)", "Celia Imrie (Edna)", "Sadie Frost (Mrs. Alabaster)", "Sadie Frost (Mr. Alabaster)", "Gary Kemp (Cregg)", "Lesley Manville (Miss Adderstone)", "Omid Djalili (Barry Rix)", "Fern Deacon (Hazel)", "David Menkin (Qube Dad)", "Mac Pietowski (Police Officer)", "Tom Bell (Talent Show Judge)", "Grahame Fox (Shotgun)", "Ben Miller (Mr. Alabaster)", "Shonn Gregory ()", "Kriss Dillon (Celebrity)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A quick way to be famous does not go well.**\r\n\r\nIt was based on the children's novel of the same name. Purely a children's film. That's why I find it average. The concept was too silly. Particularly, there are a few scenes that do not make sense to the grownups. Even for hypnotism concept they used in the story. So don't accuse it if you did not enjoy it. Other than that, the direction, actors, settings, musics were nice.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of orphan kids. In the rural England, no one has adopted them yet. Like orphanage kids from other films, this tale was too built with their struggles against the odds. Their caretakers are not so nice to them, especially the chief in charge. The kids too have divided and one of the gang decides to participate in a talent show. When that fails, drastically everything changes since then. In meantime a mystery book lands in one of their hands. With the help of it, an undreamt adventure begins.\r\n\r\nIt should have been a television film. Not because the production quality is poor or something, but the story, how it was narrated fits perfectly for small screen. Otherwise, a series would have been a nice idea. A fictional story, and took place at the corner of the Christmas, as well as released on the same season a couple of year ago. I don't think the second film would make it. But possible as a television feature. Not worth, but watching it with kids could do justice.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [192767, 110919]}