{"tmdb_id": 35077, "title": "Three Strangers", "original_title": "Three Strangers", "slug_title": "three-strangers", "date": "1946-01-28", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Une rencontre inattendue dans une rue londonienne, une idole bizarre et la nouvelle ann\u00e9e chinoise se combinent pour apporter une double dose de malchance \u00e0 trois \u00e9trangers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hDQ6s9SaqQ0Jk442aJX0TU9PTdr.jpg", "actors": ["Sydney Greenstreet (Jerome K. Arbutny)", "Geraldine Fitzgerald (Crystal Shackleford)", "Peter Lorre (Johnny West)", "Joan Lorring (Icey Crane)", "Robert Shayne (Bertram Fallon)", "Marjorie Riordan (Janet Elliott)", "Arthur Shields (Prosecutor)", "Rosalind Ivan (Lady Rhea Beladon)", "John Alvin (Junior Clerk)", "Peter Whitney (Timothy Delaney aka Gabby)", "Alan Napier (David Shackleford)", "Clifford Brooke (Senior Clerk)", "Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Proctor)", "Norman Ainsley (Mr. Giesing)", "Edward Biby (Man on the Street)", "Benny Burt (Drunken Stranger)", "Woody Chambliss (Man in Pub)", "Tom Coleman (Pub Patron)", "Alec Craig (Man on Park Bench)", "Cyril Delevanti (Stockbroker (Voice))", "Leslie Denison (Detective)", "Creighton Hale (Man in Pub)", "Sam Harris (Magistrate)", "Holmes Herbert (Sir Robert)", "Keith Hitchcock (Donald Fry)", "Leyland Hodgson (Police Inspector in Pub)", "Olaf Hytten (Prison Turnkey)", "Fred Kelsey (Man on the Street / Man in Pub)", "Colin Kenny (Alfred, Innkeeper / Bartender)", "Connie Leon (Flower Woman)", "Stanley Logan ('Major' George Alfred Beach)", "Jeffrey Sayre (Waiter)", "Reginald Sheffield (Hotel Clerk)", "Leo White (News Hawker)", "Eric Wilton (Bailiff)", "Ian Wolfe (Gillkie the Barrister)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Three strangers, one idol and one sweepstake ticket. Bad mix.\r\n\r\nThree Strangers is directed by Jean Negulesco and written by John Huston and Howard Koch. It stars Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre and Geraldine Fitzgerald. Music is by Adolph Deutsch and cinematography by Arthur Edeson. \r\n\r\nA tricky movie in structure as it constantly shifts between three character arcs to lead us to its resolution. Plot finds Crystal (Fitzgerald) luring Johnny (Lorre) and Arbutny (Greenstreet) to her apartment to make a wish in front of a Chinese idol known as Kwan Yin. It\u2019s believed that Kwan Yin will bring a wish true if requested by three strangers at midnight. They mutually agree on purchasing a lottery ticket and vow to split the winnings evenly. Naturally things don\u2019t go as planned\u2026\r\n\r\nThe key issue here is that the three characters are tainted by their weaknesses, so as greed, paranoia, bad luck and jealousy grips their respective lives, Kwan Yin deals them the cards they deserve. Negulesco and his writers give the actors meaty parts, thrusting the characters into a world of embezzlement, murder, imprisonment and alcoholism. The vagaries of fate shows its hand as well, and with Edeson\u2019s black and white photography cosying up to the thematics, pic rounds out as a thriller cum drama with added mysticism for good measure.\r\n\r\nHuston\u2019s noir shadings are evident, and since it was written before it, this makes for a good appetiser to The Maltese Falcon. Good fun to be had here and the final outcome for our three strangers doesn\u2019t disappoint either. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [48156, 47623, 68976, 31324], "youtube_key": "3BuqsdPiwmU"}