{"tmdb_id": 35073, "title": "Le Monstre des Temps Perdus", "original_title": "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms", "slug_title": "le-monstre-des-temps-perdus", "date": "1953-06-13", "genre": ["Aventure / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 50, un test nucl\u00e9aire, Operation Experiment, est conduit au-del\u00e0 du Cercle Arctique. Mais l'explosion r\u00e9veille une cr\u00e9ature gigantesque, endormie sous la glace depuis 100 millions d'ann\u00e9es, qui commence \u00e0 se diriger vers la c\u00f4te Est des \u00c9tats-Unis, coulant de nombreux navires et un phare sur son passage.  Lorsque le monstre arrive \u00e0 Manhattan, il s\u00e8me le chaos le plus total. Tir\u00e9e au bazooka par les militaires du Colonel Evans, la B\u00eate rel\u00e2che un germe pr\u00e9historique virulent qui contamine la population. La seule fa\u00e7on d'en venir \u00e0 bout est de br\u00fbler la cr\u00e9ature pour \u00e9viter une pand\u00e9mie. Cette derni\u00e8re est finalement vaincue dans un parc d'attractions \u00e0 Coney Island.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sHH78Wlxs51ApN2dZR9DuBHIw4v.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Hubschmid (Professor Tom Nesbitt)", "Paula Raymond (Lee Hunter)", "Cecil Kellaway (Professor Thurgood Elson)", "Kenneth Tobey (Col. Jack Evans)", "Donald Woods (Capt. Phil Jackson)", "Lee Van Cleef (Corp. Stone)", "Steve Brodie (Sgt. Loomis)", "Ross Elliott (George Ritchie)", "Jack Pennick (Jacob Bowman)", "Ray Hyke (Sgt. Willistead)", "Paula Hill (Miss Ryan)", "Michael Fox (ER Doctor)", "Alvin Greenman (First Radar Man)", "Frank Ferguson (Dr. Morton)", "King Donovan (Dr. Ingersoll)", "James Best (Charlie - Radar Man)", "Roy Engel (Maj. Evans)", "Bess Flowers (Ballet-Goer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rhedosaurus rampage as Harryhausen genius starts to work.\r\n\r\nNuclear testing out in the arctic rouses a prehistoric Rhedosaurs from its icy incarcerated sleep. It promptly lays waste to everything that gets in its path, and its next stop is New York City.\r\n\r\nThe Beast from 20,000 Fathoms stands as one of the most important of the 50s sci-fi/creature feature films that filled the screens during that particular decade. Notable for being the first picture where Ray Harryhausen had total control over the effects (and thus setting his career on an upward route), it is also one of two pictures from 1953 that would be the first adaptations of the gifted writings of Ray Bradbury (the other being It Came from Outer Space).\r\n\r\nWatching it now you can see just what a template movie it was to be for the genre, the perils of nuclear testing a vivid jolt of paranoia, the rugged alpha male, the svelt sexy strong lady, and of course the creature to terrify all who come into contact with it, yep it's safe to say that this picture has all the trademarks. The Rhedosaurus (completely made up name) is a wonderful creation from Harryhausen, a giant stalking lizard who sinks ships for fun, pulls down lighthouses, and has no problems about feasting on local police officers, it's safe to say that since being woken from his sleep he is in a very bad mood! While the ending is wonderful, as the giant beast finds himself cloaked in a roller-coaster with mankind fighting the good fight, a perfect finish to a hugely enjoyable picture. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27179, 43715, 29959, 43143], "youtube_key": "2UP0-Ne1aTs"}