{"tmdb_id": 351037, "title": "Les Ardennes", "original_title": "D'Ardennen", "slug_title": "les-ardennes", "date": "2015-10-14", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Un cambriolage tourne mal. Dave arrive \u00e0 s\u2019enfuir mais laisse son fr\u00e8re Kenneth derri\u00e8re lui. Quatre ans plus tard, \u00e0 sa sortie de prison, Kenneth, au temp\u00e9rament violent, souhaite reprendre sa vie l\u00e0 o\u00f9 il l\u2019avait laiss\u00e9e et est plus que jamais d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 reconqu\u00e9rir sa petite amie Sylvie. Ce qu\u2019il ne sait pas, c\u2019est qu\u2019entre-temps, Dave et Sylvie sont tomb\u00e9s amoureux et m\u00e8nent d\u00e9sormais une vie rang\u00e9e ensemble. Avouer la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 \u00e0 Kenneth pourrait tourner au r\u00e8glement de compte\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3FTzPvAvJgzPsvcEqeLD3Og2vMM.jpg", "actors": ["Jeroen Perceval (Dave)", "Veerle Baetens (Sylvie)", "Kevin Janssens (Kenneth)", "Eric Godon (G\u00e9rard)", "Jan Bijvoet (Stef)", "Peter van den Begin (Car Wash owner)", "Sam Louwyck (Joyce)", "Viviane de Muynck (Mariette)", "Rachid El Ghazaoui (Chalid)", "Nico Sturm (Danny)", "Luc Nuyens (Moderator hulpgroep)", "Brit Van Hoof (Cindy)", "Uwamungu Cornelis (Chris)", "Caroline Stas (Agente Linda)", "Jacqueline Pluche (Politieagenten)", "Andreas Perschewski (Barman)", "Joel Gosset (Klant in bar)", "Olivier Bony (Man in politiekantoor)", "Dominique Van Malder (Cipier Tommy)", "Kuno Bakker (Thierry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The brotherhood is tested for a woman they're onto.\r\n\r\nThe Dutch crime-drama about two brothers, especially the plot revolves as a love triangle, but it is not a romance movie. The movie opened in the middle of some crime scene which is never going to be revealed what actually happened, because it wasn't important as the film's narration is something else. What comes later is the twist in the character's relationship with each other, especially between two brothers and a woman they're in love.\r\n\r\nThe actual story begins a few years later to that opening incident. Looks everything has changed at that point, except one of the brother who just stepped outside the prison. The remaining is all about the condition of the family and the romance relationship that appears to be complicated to explain to one another. When it begins to unfold, the final twist strikes which bring further complexity to the conclusion section.\r\n\r\nFrankly, I did not like the first two acts. Actually, I expected it to be a crime story. With two tough characters the scenes did not create enough curiosity or the thrilling moments. But the third act is where the movie changed its pace as well as genre to what I was eagerly waiting for. Because of the decent developments in the earlier, this ending was so exciting. But overall product is just above average. That means it is not a bad flick, yet everyone's not going to like it.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74982, 344791, 33253, 12221]}