{"tmdb_id": 351286, "title": "Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom", "original_title": "Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom", "slug_title": "jurassic-world-fallen-kingdom", "date": "2018-06-06", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Cela fait maintenant quatre ans que les dinosaures se sont \u00e9chapp\u00e9s de leurs enclos et ont d\u00e9truit le parc \u00e0 th\u00e8me et complexe de luxe Jurassic World. Isla Nublar a \u00e9t\u00e9 abandonn\u00e9e par les humains alors que les dinosaures survivants sont livr\u00e9s \u00e0 eux-m\u00eames dans la jungle. Lorsque le volcan inactif de l'\u00eele commence \u00e0 rugir, Owen et Claire s\u2019organisent pour sauver les dinosaures restants de l\u2019extinction. Owen se fait un devoir de retrouver Blue, son principal raptor qui a disparu dans la nature, alors que Claire, qui a maintenant un v\u00e9ritable respect pour ces cr\u00e9atures, s\u2019en fait une mission. Arrivant sur l'\u00eele instable alors que la lave commence \u00e0 pleuvoir, leur exp\u00e9dition d\u00e9couvre une conspiration qui pourrait ramener toute notre plan\u00e8te \u00e0 un ordre p\u00e9rilleux jamais vu depuis la pr\u00e9histoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c9XxwwhPHdaImA2f1WEfEsbhaFB.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Pratt (Owen Grady)", "Bryce Dallas Howard (Claire Dearing)", "Rafe Spall (Eli Mills)", "Justice Smith (Franklin Webb)", "Daniella Pineda (Zia Rodriguez)", "James Cromwell (Benjamin Lockwood)", "Toby Jones (Mr. Eversoll)", "Ted Levine (Ken Wheatley)", "Jeff Goldblum (Ian Malcolm)", "BD Wong (Dr. Wu)", "Geraldine Chaplin (Iris)", "Isabella Sermon (Maisie Lockwood)", "Peter Jason (Senator Sherwood)", "Charlie Rawes (Lead Mercenary)", "Kevin Layne (Sub Pilot)", "Robert Emms (Tech Merc)", "John Schwab (Tech Operator)", "Sam Redford (Helicopter Pilot)", "Patrick Crowley (Prop Plane Pilot)", "Alex Dower (Russian Mob Guy)", "Honey Holmes (Russian Girlfriend)", "Neil Bishop (Russian Bidder)", "Philippa Thomas (BBC News Anchor)", "Ronan Summers (Brutish Mercenary)", "Cory Peterson (Committee Chairman)", "Jeremy Gilbert (Hero Tracker)", "Victor Gardener (Crewman)", "Eric Kofi Abrefa (Helicopter Merc)", "Ben Peel (Helicopter Merc)", "Gil Kolirin (Mill's Man)", "Mitchell L. Johnson (Jungle Merc)", "Paul Sockett (Bearded Merc)", "Daryl Kwan (Another Bidder)", "Michael Papajohn (InGen Contractor (uncredited))", "Daniel Stisen (Russian Bodyguard (uncredited))", "Ian Copley-Johnson (Boat Crew)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Law", "content": "I felt embarrassed to be watching this. It's an embarrassing fever dream. I abandoned it halfway through its runtime."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "More dinosaurs, Opie\u2019s hot daughter, Dracula\u2019s castle and Indiana Jones\r\n\r\n \u201cJurassic World: Fallen Kingdom\u201d (2018) revolves around Claire (Bryce Dallas Howard) and Owen (Chris Pratt) leading a team back to Isla Nublar to save several species of dinosaurs after an active volcano threatens all life there. The plan is to relocate the dinosaurs to a new island sanctuary, but that\u2019s not the way it works out.\r\n\r\nMy title blurb pretty much says it all for this fifth film in the franchise. I mention Indiana Jones because the movie has a \u201cRaiders of the Lost Ark\u201d (1981) vibe more so than the other movies. The reference to Dracula\u2019s castle is due to the fact that the entire second half takes place at a cool, gothic chateau in Northern California and there\u2019s a scene with a genetically-enhanced raptor acting like Dracula.\r\n\r\nCurvy Bryce is just stunning throughout and easily blows away any other woman in the series. Meanwhile Pratt seriously upped his game as leading action hero (I wasn\u2019t overly impressed with him in the previous film, although I didn\u2019t dislike him either). At the end of the day I\u2019d have to rank this installment as my favorite, followed by the original 1993 movie and 2015\u2019s \u201cJurassic World.\u201d\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 8 minutes and was shot in Hawaii and England/Scotland.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "As a kid dinosaurs was one of my great interests. Thus I was so thrilled by the first Jurassic Park movie, which I thought then, and still think today, is a great movie. Sadly the following movies have been a mixed bag to say the least.\r\n\r\nThis movie falls in the \u201cthat was disappointing\u201d category I am afraid. It is obviously that however wrote the story was a lazy bugger that simply rehashed old bits and standard Hollywood cheap concepts and then added some frustrating preaching to it.\r\n\r\nThe two scenes, one at the beginning and one in the end, where Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) was just sitting and ranting on and on was enough by itself to drag down the movie a star or two. We get it, however wrote that crap do not like gene science. Then go and write a piece in a science journal or something. Oh wait, it would not have been excepted since there was no science in it, just ranting mixed up with poorly hidden religious beliefs. So instead you had to go and ruin a movie which was meant to simply entertain.\r\n\r\nThe we have the rest of the story. The best, or should I say the kindest, word for describing it would be \u201cpredictable\u201d. How many times are we going to do the big company captures animals for profit story? At least try to put some intelligence in the plot if you have to rehash it over and over again. It has even been done before in the same franchise for Christ sake!\r\n\r\nI would lie if I did not say that I found, at least, some entertainment watching the movie though. But pretty much all of it came from watching the scenery and the special effects. They at least were pretty good. But then I do like big monsters stomping around wreaking havoc and eating people, especially when it is the bad guys.\r\n\r\nThere were some parts that was rather funny. I think Christ Pratt, and most of the other actors as well for that matter, did a fairly good job out of the lousy script. The idea of using a Stygimoloch to break free was quite cool and the havoc he wreaked somewhat funny. The part where Wheatley stop in the middle of all the chaos to extract a tooth as a bloody trophy was just silly though.\r\n\r\nThe end scenes was just frustrating. However wrote that ought to be shot. A few dinosaurs escape and then the conclusion is that humanity have to live side by side with dinosaurs from then one. What a load of rubbish!\r\n\r\nSadly, despite the genre being a favorite of mine and the special effects being pretty good, this film did not make it for me due to the unintelligent and lazy script."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A strong, **strong** opening that it never recovers* from.\r\n\r\n(*\"never recovers from\" here meaning \"never stops dissapointing afterwards\".)\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Cover Version 2\r\n\r\nIt was 1993 when Jurassic Park was unleashed upon the film loving public, spawning a blockbuster franchise and pop culture thunders in the process. Sadly we now find ourselves suffering cover versions of what was once a great and thought provoking premise with high octane thrills into the bargain.\r\n\r\nI guess once they started personalising the Velociraptors, making one of them a friend of man, it was the beginning of the end. But we accepted it - sort of - jumping into 2015's Jurassic World with carefree abandon. More dino carnage we wanted, a bright cast fronted by the ever likable Chris Pratt and Bryce Howard drew us in, but it was merely ok, a franchise entry that was just a quick fix but nothing more. But of course box office talks and the franchise lumbers on to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom...\r\n\r\nPlot returns to Isla Nublar which along with all the dinosaur inhabitants is about to be vanished from the planet by the mother of all volcanoes. Cue mankind jostling over whether to save a species that was once extinct whilst others have nefarious motives for financial gain.\r\n\r\nOff we go then, stock characters that are over familiar are performed by different actors but go through motions we have witnessed before, whilst the writing strains for a sort of human empathy factor that never hits the mark. There is nothing remotely fresh (well Howard has at least changed her footwear to something more credible) or exciting on offer here, it's a tired cash cow that's in dire need of extinction itself.\r\n\r\nNaturally another instalment will come along, and naturally it will make money, with myself and the other millions of Jurassic zombies filing in to view what we hope will be a return to the heady days back in 1993. But it's most likely a forlorn hope, so maybe, just maybe, it should be enough now, enough?  5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [363088, 427641, 353081, 383498], "youtube_key": "vn9mMeWcgoM"}