{"tmdb_id": 351339, "title": "Op\u00e9ration Anthropoid", "original_title": "Anthropoid", "slug_title": "operation-anthropoid", "date": "2016-08-12", "genre": ["Histoire / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Au plus fort de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, deux soldats tch\u00e9coslovaques en exil \u00e0 Londres sont parachut\u00e9s \u00e0 Prague avec pour mission de tuer Reinhard Heydrich, troisi\u00e8me commandant du Reich apr\u00e8s Hitler et Himmler. Surnomm\u00e9 le boucher de Prague, Heydrich est le principal architecte de la solution finale. Avec l\u2019aide d\u2019un r\u00e9seau de r\u00e9sistants, ils organisent l\u2019op\u00e9ration Anthropoid qui, si elle r\u00e9ussit, changera le cours de l'Histoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5hUghRVVkBYufftfNQkGevY5AmE.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Dornan (Jan Kubi\u0161)", "Cillian Murphy (Josef Gab\u010d\u00edk)", "Charlotte Le Bon (Marie Kov\u00e1rn\u00edkov\u00e1)", "Anna Geislerov\u00e1 (Lenka Fafkov\u00e1)", "Harry Lloyd (Adolf Op\u00e1lka)", "Toby Jones (Jan Zelenka)", "Alena Mihulov\u00e1 (Mrs. Moravec)", "Marcin Doroci\u0144ski (Ladislav Van\u00e9k)", "Bill Milner (Ata Moravec)", "Sam Keeley (Josef Bubl\u00edk)", "Ji\u0159\u00ed \u0160imek (Karel Curda)", "Mish Boyko (Jan Hrub\u00fd)", "V\u00e1clav Neu\u017eil (Josef Vacl\u00edk)", "Andrej Pol\u00e1k (Jaroslav Svarc)", "Sean Mahon (Dr. Eduard)", "Detlef Bothe (Reinhard Heydrich)", "Jan H\u00e1jek (Bretislav Bauman)", "Jan Buda\u0159 (Josef Chalupsk\u00fd)", "Pavel \u0158ezn\u00ed\u010dek (Mr. Moravec)", "Alexander von der Groeben (Hans Muller)", "Hana Frejkov\u00e1 (Mrs. Lukesov\u00e1)", "Roman Zach (Father Petrek)", "Brian Caspe (Anton\u00edn)", "Karel He\u0159m\u00e1nek ml. (Ignac)", "David Bredin (Klein)", "Patrick Kalupa (Pannwitz)", "Alexander van der Groeben (Hans Muller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Assassinating the nazi general was their mission, but it initiated the resistance.**\r\n\r\nHonestly, I thought it was some science fiction film. The title sounded like one, so I had to google for its definition. This is an assassination theme, that sets in the early 40s in the Czechoslovakia. The early days of the world war two, where the exile soldiers were sent to eliminate the nazi general Reinhard Heydrich, who was handling the Czechoslovakian affairs. From theirs preparation to the plan execution and the outcome of the result was what this film reveals for us.\r\n\r\nA war film, that too was based on the real, especially the WWII means no need to say how powerful it would be. This was directed by the 'Metro Manila' filmmaker. An internationally produced film, but the cast does not have any big names. I mean Jamie Dornan and Cillian Murphy are not globally recognised, particularly when it comes to the film marketing. So it stumbled at the box office. I liked them both and the others as well. The film was not bad as criticised by the film critics. I would say make your own call after watching it.\r\n\r\nIt was so neat and clean on what it dealt with. The issue with it was too much blank space and then in the mid part where the assassination happened, the film came alive. Again towards the final, the pace gone up and finished strongly. So I think overall length should have been trimmed for a better narration/result. Not for me, I liked as it is now, but some viewers think it is a draggy.\r\n\r\nSmall budget film, but worth a watch. Because the production quality was great, no compromise on visuals or the settings, but most of them were shot in the real locations to give us the real effect. Definitely one of the best film among WWII related theme. Anyway, this is not a war film, but very much similar to the recent Korean film 'Assassination' about killing the Japanese general. Films like this are must see, because it reveals how much the people, the society and the nation struggled under the nazi atrocities. Surely recommended!\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [325789, 316152, 374617, 333352], "youtube_key": "fgR1jhEt37Y"}