{"tmdb_id": 351460, "title": "Death Note", "original_title": "Death Note", "slug_title": "death-note", "date": "2017-08-25", "genre": "Fantastique / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Quand Light Turner utilise son carnet surnaturel pour faire justice lui-m\u00eame, il attire l'attention d'un d\u00e9tective, d'un d\u00e9mon et d'une fille de sa classe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1X19j2albvewAdnTNHx2fFXjOcC.jpg", "actors": ["Nat Wolff (Light Turner / \"Kira\")", "Lakeith Stanfield (L)", "Willem Dafoe (Ryuk (voice))", "Margaret Qualley (Mia Sutton / \"Kira\")", "Shea Whigham (James Turner)", "Paul Nakauchi (Watari)", "Jason Liles (Ryuk)", "Michael Shamus Wiles (Police Captain Russel)", "Artin John (Anthony Skomal)", "David S. Jung (Dictator)", "Tony Ali (Military Leader)", "Christopher Britton (Aaron Peltz)", "Masi Oka ()", "Matthew Kevin Anderson (Agent Young)", "Barbara Beall (Assistant)", "Lia Lam (Nightclub Girl)", "Christian Sloan (Agent Franks)", "Jessica McLeod (Teenage Girl)", "Cole Vigue (Ride Operator)", "Olena Medwid (Russian News Anchor)", "Paul McGillion (Principal Green)", "Eileen Pedde (Teacher)", "Fraser Corbett (Waiter)", "Natalie Moon (British News Anchor)", "Ash Lee (Officer)", "Albert Nicholas (Douchebag Bro #2)", "Al Miro (Douchebag Bro)", "Arlina Rodr\u00edguez (Mexican News Anchor)", "Chris Webb (Military contractor)", "Michelle Kim (Night Club Girl #2)", "Colin Corrigan (Cop)", "Sarah Ziolkowski (Passerby)", "Jack Ettlinger (Kenny Doyle)", "Michelle Choi-Lee (Mom)", "Scott Seol (Prisoner)", "Beau Han Bridge (Brandon)", "Jesse Irving (Homecoming King)", "Anousha Alamian (Afghan Leader)", "Jesse Stretch (James Brode)", "Artur Stofel (German News Anchor)", "Shayan Moallef (Young Couple Male)", "DaeYoung Danny Kim (Bus Boy)", "Anup Sehdev (Worker)", "Juanpaolo Mercado (Top Hat Guy)", "Kyle Donaldson (News Reporter)", "Addison Gosselin (Brodie's Daughter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zhadow900", "content": "_Death Note_ - _\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605_\r\n\r\nWhile different from the anime, and surely the manga, Death Note is an enjoyable adaption. If you watched the anime, you know that the series\u2019s first episode titled \u201cRebirth\u201d starts out in the Shinigami Realm. We unfortunately do not see this scene or ever visit the Shinigami Realm but I think that\u2019s just fine for this adaption as when we meet Ryuk for the first time, it\u2019s so cool and terrifying at the same time. The film didn\u2019t feel rushed despite having a fast pace but I never felt lost. In addition, the killings were gruesome. Also let me just say Margaret Qualley is bae to unbelievable max. Her Mia Sutton (originally Misa Amane) is just UGH <3 Nat Wolff was actually fairly decent as Light Turner (originally Light Yagami). Keith Stanfield as L was different but not totally in a negative way. And as expected, WILLEM DAFOE AS RYUK IS PERFECT!"}, {"pseudo": "Star", "content": "Despite tentative hopes, the Netflix live action movie for Death Note was painful to watch. Watching with my husband and another friend who was a fan of the original anime, we switched it off after 10 minutes soon after Light's girly screaming. I did manage to play the rest on my own while multi-tasking since I felt I owed it that much. The shinigami Ryuk was the one cool thing, even if they changed his amused observer role the acting and effects for him were great. Everything else though? Instead of a top role model perfect student equally liked by fellow students and adults, Light became a whiney emo brat with so many issues. Mia, who filled in for Misa's role, instead of sweet ditzy but still somewhat smart (and definitely loyal to a fault in her love) just became a *itch. Now I always rooted for L, but these two are our protagonists of the story and unlike the original source, I could find nothing likable or admirable about them. The gore-fest was also distracting. Death Note is a very toned down thriller with most deaths happening naturally with heart attacks, implied suicides, hit by a car and so on but expect Final Destination shock-factor and gory deaths in this adaption. "}], "recommandations_id": [419479, 400106, 346671, 343674]}