{"tmdb_id": 351648, "title": "Sets", "original_title": "Heimlichkeiten", "slug_title": "sets", "date": "1968-11-15", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "People from all over the world spend their summer holidays at the Black Sea. German Walter and his girlfriend Gisela check in at the hotel as spouses. Walter uses the passport of his wife. The police find the body of a young woman washes up by the waves. Inspector Damyanov begins an investigation. Walter is not under suspicion, but he is ill at ease. It is because of his wife passport? Ex-Nazi officer Kunze has his own little secret and causes for worry. Dutch musician Jan has something on his conscience, too, after a little love with a Bulgarian girl. Having penetrated the unsavory secrets of all those people, Damyanov leads them to the conviction that it is difficult to live a life of deception.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3f6sVBV6Dq25RVxox728IniPaVC.jpg", "actors": ["Karl Michael Vogler (Walter Riemeck)", "Reinhild Solf (Gisela Stein)", "Katrin Schaake (Margot Riemeck)", "Ewa Str\u00f6mberg (Britta)", "Apostol Karamitev (Colonel Damyanov)", "Ani Bakalova (Zora)", "Konstantin Kotsev (Balas)", "Maya Dragomanska (Binka)", "Veselin Borisov ()", "Stanya Mihailov ()", "Heinz Meier (Lothar Kunze)", "J\u00fcrgen Rehmann (Hans Brusse)", "Hans-Werner Bussinger (Musiker)", "Bernd Fiedler (Musiker)", "Gisela Meier-Bonsels ()", "Andreas Mannkopff ()", "Thomas Danneberg ()", "Kiro Mihov (Lieutenant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}