{"tmdb_id": 351964, "title": "The Escort", "original_title": "The Escort", "slug_title": "the-escort", "date": "2016-06-15", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un journaliste accro au sexe et en manque de bonne histoire d\u00e9cide de s'inscrire dans une agence d'escort-girl.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o6lUrVp77mBSb5qA8FdBheeqUjG.jpg", "actors": ["Lyndsy Fonseca (Natalie)", "Michael Doneger (Mitch)", "Bruce Campbell (Charles)", "Sonya Walger (Samantha)", "Rumer Willis (Dana)", "Iqbal Theba (Richard)", "Dan Bakkedahl (Rick)", "Tommy Dewey (JP)", "Sam Daly (Finance Guy)", "Benita Robledo (Allie)", "Rachel Resheff (Emily)", "Dean Chekvala (Dominic)", "Matt Nolan (Tim)", "Anna Konkle (Cory)", "Keisuke Hoashi (Asian Businessman)", "Juan Carlos Cantu (Junior)", "Brandon Higa (Benny)", "Joe Burke (Bathroom Attendant)", "Kevin Linehan (Bartender)", "Mary Carrig (Ruth)", "Hollie Lee (Enthusiastic Bar Woman)", "David Kopelev (Jared)", "Troy Blendell (Bald Business Man)", "Matt Nolan (Drunk Businessman)", "Steven Ogg (Warren)", "Jo Galloway (Amy)", "Isabella Day (Twelve Year-Old Girl)", "Chad Anthony Miller (Room Service Attendant)", "Mason McCulley (Well Dressed Man)", "Angela Bullock (Admissions Officer)", "Shon Lange (Bouncer)", "Blake Goza (Trust Fund Guy)", "Julia Meltzer (Editor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story of when a high-end, educated escort meets a struggling journalist.**\r\n\r\nPretty intentional. It says it doesn't want to go that way, but in the end that's what it does. So the story was nothing new, but it was the cast, particularly Lyndsy Fonseca. She was too hot for the title role. A sex addict journalist tries to do a story on high-end escort for his new job. They agree on to be purely professional, but as they explore each day, a new friendship develops. After learning that she's well educated and the reason for taking this path, it all comes to when his story is ready to publish. Their both lives are about to turn around, but how is what told just before the end.\r\n\r\nThe film was not bad, but not good enough to praise. Worth a watch if you are not anticipating and just want an entertainment. Obviously the film is for the adults, but you won't be happy if you are looking for according to the title. Because the title name is only where the film plot was initiated and the remaining story was all about the character surrounding it. So it is not an erotic drama or romance or a thriller. The film was short and well maintained pace, but not the film of the year.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [328448, 333344, 73846, 267457], "youtube_key": "jLqpq0QjjzY"}