{"tmdb_id": 352186, "title": "Good Kids", "original_title": "Good Kids", "slug_title": "good-kids", "date": "2016-10-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Quatre lyc\u00e9ens exceptionnellement dou\u00e9s obtiennent haut la main leur dipl\u00f4me, et r\u00e9alisent qu'ils sont pass\u00e9s \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9s d'exp\u00e9riences cl\u00e9 de leurs vies en \u00e9tant toujours des \"gentils gamins\". Ils d\u00e9cident de changer de mode de vie pendant les vacances d'\u00e9t\u00e9, pour profiter de leurs derniers jours ensemble avant l'universit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9R3hZnqFNyFmG10qwKzaUntlUbg.jpg", "actors": ["Nicholas Braun (Andy Evans)", "Zoey Deutch (Nora Sullivan)", "Mateo Arias (Lionel 'The Lion' Miller)", "Israel Broussard (Mike 'Spice' Jennings)", "Julia Garner (Tinsley)", "Ashley Judd (Gabby)", "Virginia Gardner (Emily)", "Randy Couture (Tough Husband)", "Demi\u00e1n Bichir (Yaco)", "Dayo Okeniyi (Conch)", "Kevin Chapman (Brinkley)", "Stephanie Fantauzzi (Zelda)", "Eric Lutes (Gabby's Husband)", "John Rothman (Mr. Evans)", "Tasie Lawrence (Danya)", "David Coussins (Erland)", "Cole Sand (Young Andy)", "Bora Jasa (Tennis Lady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The summer of YES!**\r\n\r\nIt was just like the British film 'Kids in Love' I'd seen prior to this. Explored only on a comedic side. Four friends who have been the ideal kids, after a few years later on one summer, before heading to the college, they have decided to accomplish everything they had missed in their life so far. So it's a time to blend in with what their kind do, but not as easy as it seems. Sometimes everything goes out of their proportion and some of them struggle at beginning itself. Overall, how their summer ends, in that, what they had gained and lost was told.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by a newcomer. Really very good try. Good comedies and well performed actors. The four lead characters were unique. The story around them was nicely built. But not they all were equally balanced. Most of the focus was on Nicolas Braun and then Zoey. I kind of felt the scenes were intentionally done, but worth an attempt. Slightly predictable film, which was like any Hollywood teenage flick. At a time a few things stretch beyond our anticipation. Might not be the best teen flick, though worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [386830, 135595, 241071, 29501]}