{"tmdb_id": 352280, "title": "Moments of Clarity", "original_title": "Moments of Clarity", "slug_title": "moments-of-clarity", "date": "2016-09-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Aventure / Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jUZ1fwLY9oisW4Mc3oiscdw49y8.jpg", "actors": ["Lyndsy Fonseca (Danielle)", "Xander Berkeley (Artemis)", "Eric Roberts (Hal Spreadum)", "Marguerite Moreau (Maryanna)", "Jonathan Lajoie (Carter)", "A.J. Trauth (Trevor)", "Mackenzie Astin (Pastor Paul)", "Bitty Schram (Officer Lori)", "Fay DeWitt (Catherine)", "Don Creech (Ralph)", "Peter Oldring (Radio DJ (voice))", "Saxon Trainor (Henrietta)", "Luis Ch\u00e1vez (Gunner)", "Sophie Turner (Idaho Masters)", "Angela McEwan (Mrs. Erickson)", "David J. Phillips (Franky)", "Corbin Timbrook (Angry Driver)", "Mikayla Gibson (Maxine)", "Angel Laketa Moore (Beth's Mom)", "Kim Manning (Fire Dancer)", "Kristin Wallace (Claire)", "Michelle LaVon (Fire Dancer)", "Bill Kottkamp (Simon)", "Abigail Haley (Young Danielle)", "Catherine Healy (Fire Dancer)", "Stacy-Love Belizaire (Beth)", "Ronnie Racquelle (Young Claire)", "Karl Wood (Fire Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**They just wanted to buy a new camera, but the journey has changed their lives forever.**\r\n\r\nThere's a big difference between B movie and Indie films, which sometimes people are confused with. This one is both of them. If Indie films are good, it will be easily recognised widely. Mainly because of attending film fests. But that's not the same case for B movies. This category films usually made with a low budget, and second tier actors, filmmakers. So the production quality makes all the difference and fall into not fit for even airing on the television. Hence, most of the time ends up direct-to-video. Even though with such tight circumstance, there are some enjoyable B movies out there. We just have not come across it.\r\n\r\nYou can do a quick research on this that this is not even known to a fraction per cent of regular film goers. I found it accidentally and as usual, I took my chances. Now I feel I have made a right choice. This is nothing new. The same old road movie, the same old message. One of the main roles would have been so perfect for Greta Gerwig to play. But anyway, this actress who I have never seen before had done a nice job too. There are some recognisable faces in it as well, like Lyndsy Fonseca and Eric Roberts.\r\n\r\nDespite familiarity and predictability, the film was enjoyable. It had some good moments, as well as overwhelmed by adult comedies. This is the story of Claire who is in her 20s with a tender heart, but raised by an Agoraphobic mother. So she has no social skills, that changes one day when she befriends Danielle whose camera she had broken. The road trip begins to get a new camera. They set to travel another town which actually becomes a life changing event in their life.\r\n\r\n> \u275dIt's not our responsibility to suffer the consequences of our actions, but rather celebrate them.\u275e\r\n\r\nFor a such film, the writing to direction, performances, locations, all were very much acceptable. But there was a moment during the last quarter, which served as a twist in the tale, for that I said 'not that'. Because I was not expecting the narration to end up with that cheap twist, since I'd enjoyed so far of the film. That line was so typical. Anyway, that's how the story goes and characters were designed. So no big deal, since it is not a mainstream film to criticise heavily for having no creativity. Though I'm wondering how film critics would react to a film like this.\r\n\r\nFor a moment I thought it was a Christian film. Because of an innocent character like Claire, and Danielle, a daughter pastoral. Then the following events were totally surprised me. Gay sub-theme, sex jokes, the narration did not shy away to exploit them. Like I always say, if you are aware of what kind of film you are watching, the risk you are taking, and expecting it accordingly, then there will be no such thing called disappointment. Despite it is not a must see film, I would say why won't you give it a try! You might not go to add it to your favourite list, at least there's a chance that you might get entertained.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": []}