{"tmdb_id": 352511, "title": "Murder on the Yukon", "original_title": "Murder on the Yukon", "slug_title": "murder-on-the-yukon", "date": "1940-02-25", "genre": ["Western / Aventure / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Unknown to Joan Manning, her trading post partner Weathers is operating a counterfeiting ring. When miner Jim Smithers brings his gold dust in, Weathers pays him off in counterfeit money. Jim's drunken brother, Bill, comes to the post and Weathers hears him say that Jim is leaving the area for good. Weathers sends Hawks to kill Jim and retrieve the bogus money. RCMP Sergeant Renfrew and Constable Kelly find Jim's body, and Renfrew hurries for Jim's cabin to search it. He is attacked by Weathers' men who have found the money. Renfrew is suspicious when Bill Smithers body is found, supposedly a suicide, with a note he had burned the money. This leads the Mounties to suspect counterfeiting. Kelly follows Manti, an Indian who works for Weathers, to the gang's hideout and is captured. But Renfrew is trailing Kelly.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7NW3Y86rvJghVTcEVHuPukaE1rz.jpg", "actors": ["James Newill (Sergeant Renfrew)", "Polly Ann Young (Joan Manning)", "Dave O'Brien (Constable Kelly)", "Al St. John (Bill Smithers)", "William Royle (George Weathers)", "Chief Thundercloud (Henchman Manti)", "Karl Hackett (Hawks)", "'Snub' Pollard (Archie)", "Kenne Duncan (Henchman Tom)", "Earl Douglas (Henchman Steve)", "Budd Buster (Jim Smithers)", "Frank Campeau (Man in the Store)", "Gertrude Chorre (Minnie)", "Jack Rube Clifford (Whispering Smith)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}