{"tmdb_id": 352501, "title": "Mon ex beau-p\u00e8re et moi", "original_title": "All Nighter", "slug_title": "mon-ex-beau-pere-et-moi", "date": "2017-03-10", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un globe-trotter, workaholic, tente de rendre une visite \u00e0 sa fille, durant une escale \u00e0 Los Angeles, mais il d\u00e9couvre que celle-ci a disparu. Il est alors oblig\u00e9 de faire \u00e9quipe avec son ex-petit ami, pour la retrouver.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lY0CQOYu0EQsOuscdsHp5if5mLB.jpg", "actors": ["J.K. Simmons (Mr. Gallo)", "Analeigh Tipton (Ginnie)", "Emile Hirsch (Martin)", "Meta Golding (Kelly)", "Jon Daly (Jimothy)", "Kristen Schaal (Roberta)", "Taran Killam (Gary)", "Hunter Parrish (Kip)", "Shannon Woodward (Lois)", "Tom Waite (Squat Cop)", "BoJesse Christopher (Grizzled Bartender)", "Stephanie Allynne (Tracy)", "Rebecca Drysdale (Lizzie)", "Connor Barrett (Dean the Waiter)", "Blake Perlman (Bartender)", "Xosha Roquemore (Megan)", "Jon Bass (Trevor)", "Trenton Rostedt (Bri-Baby)", "Milana Vayntrub (Terri Sadler)", "Mindy Chon (Mindy)", "Eddie Alfano (Jail Police Officer)", "Sarah Adina (River Room Bartender)", "Eddie Perez (Policeman)", "Corey Reynolds (Greg)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An unusual combo to hunt for a missing woman!**\r\n\r\nThe same old formula, but they had tried to give something new out of it. It did not succeed, though I felt it was a decent film. It was a day tale, everything happens in just one day and night, except the opening and the end parts. So this is the story a young lazy man and his ex girlfriend's rich father, joins hands to find her who was not responding to the calls and texts. The worried father, alongside her ex goes for an adventure, where they meet many unexpected things and people and overcome it to get what they are looking for.\r\n\r\nThe story was boring, but the cast was good and so the pace of the narration. Less than 90 minutes, its a non-stop entertainer. Not everybody would think it is a best or at least a decent film. Because there's no story, everything's a series of event like an adventure documentary. JK Simmons was so good. 'Whiplash' unleashed his capacity and now at least with a role like in this, he's shining. Yeah, this film is for him if you want to watch it. Tipton looked sexy, but she was like appeared only for 3-4 minutes in the entire film. Definitely worth a watch, but not a must see.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [321757, 50210, 443055, 77665]}