{"tmdb_id": 352679, "title": "Kunjikkoonan", "original_title": "\u0d15\u0d41\u0d1e\u0d4d\u0d1e\u0d3f\u0d15\u0d4d\u0d15\u0d42\u0d28\u0d7b", "slug_title": "kunjikkoonan", "date": "2002-02-24", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "The story revolves around Kunjan (Dileep), a village youth who is sympathized for his hunchback looks but is lauded for selfless service to others. He covers up his handicap with humor. Unmindful of his looks, Kunjan goes around seeking a suitable bride, with the help of his friend (Cochin Haneefa). Brushing aside many an insult hurled at him, he carries on.  In contrast to him is Karthik (also Dileep), a violent college student, who loves his classmate Priya Lakshmi (Manya). She comes across Kunjan, who assures her that he would get her married to the man of her heart, but she is killed in a fracas involving a gangster (Sai Kumar). Meanwhile, the hunchback Kunjan comes across an orphaned poor blind girl, Chembagam (Navya Nair). He wins her heart by helping her out.  Thanks to his efforts, Chembagam regains her vision (the eyes of deceased Priya are transplanted to her). This results in a tussle between Kunjan and Karthik, as to whom Chembagam belongs to now.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Ze2nZdDifYam6r2vo4Qy2HPXCk.jpg", "actors": ["Dileep (Kunjan / Karthik)", "Navya Nair (Chembakam)", "Manya (Priya Lakshmi)", "Saikumar ('Garudan' Vasu)", "Cochin Haneefa (Thomas)", "George (Lakshmi's father)", "Salim Kumar (Chandran)", "Nedumudi Venu (Prasad's father)", "Bindu Panicker (Umma)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [280206, 355349, 191337, 351747], "youtube_key": "notfound"}