{"tmdb_id": 352742, "title": "For the Future: The Irvine Fertility Scandal", "original_title": "For the Future: The Irvine Fertility Scandal", "slug_title": "for-the-future-the-irvine-fertility-scandal", "date": "1996-08-21", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "John and Debbie Challender have been trying to conceive a child for ten years. Because this hasn't worked they adopted a son, but Debbie still feels she has missed out on something not knowing what it's like to feel life inside of her. They decide to seek treatment from a so-called 'miracle doctor' Ash at Irvine University. Although John doesn't like the doctor they go ahead with the treatment, which almost kills Debbie. All ends well though and they become the parents of another son. Meanwhile the office manager of Dr. Ash's clinic become more and more suspicious when she finds out that some of his nurses are not licensed RN's.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Marilu Henner (Debbie Challender)", "Linda Lavin (Marilyn Killane)", "Randle Mell (John Challender)", "Castulo Guerra (Dr. Ricardo Asch)", "Alicia Coppola (Nurse Beth)", "James Sutorius (Sen. Thomas Hayden)", "Carolyn Mignini (Darlene Mettler)", "Jake Sakson (J.R. Challender)", "Forbes Riley (Francine Merrill)", "Cristine Rose (Rina Manelli)", "Lisa Chess (Dr. Chess)", "Peter Crook (Del Roth)", "Gregg Almquist (Pastor Dan Metter)", "Gregg Almquist (Pastor Dan Mettler)", "Pamela Dunlap (Supervisor Maryann)", "Marva Hicks (Receptionist Tanya)", "Cynthia Steele (Receptionist Mardi)", "Largo Woodruff (Nurse Marlene)", "D. Paul Thomas (Atty. Walter Matheson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}