{"tmdb_id": 3529, "title": "L'Introuvable", "original_title": "The Thin Man", "slug_title": "l-introuvable", "date": "1934-05-25", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Convaincue de la culpabilit\u00e9 de son p\u00e8re dans une affaire de meurtre, Dorothy Wynant s'accuse elle-m\u00eame aupr\u00e8s du d\u00e9tective amateur Nick Charles. Excit\u00e9e par ce meurtre myst\u00e9rieux, l'\u00e9pouse de Nick, la fantasque Nora, le pousse \u00e0 accepter l'affaire. D'abord r\u00e9ticent, Nick finit par se lancer dans l'enqu\u00eate quand il se rend compte que la police fait fausse route...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fquZtkZ8AORK4x2awZ8Vq1Iuucf.jpg", "actors": ["William Powell (Nick Charles)", "Myrna Loy (Nora Charles)", "Maureen O'Sullivan (Dorothy Wynant)", "Nat Pendleton (Inspector John Guild)", "Minna Gombell (Mimi Wynant)", "Porter Hall (Herbert MacCaulay)", "Henry Wadsworth (Tommy)", "William Henry (Gilbert Wynant)", "Harold Huber (Arthur Nunheim)", "Cesar Romero (Chris Jorgenson)", "Natalie Moorhead (Julia Wolf)", "Edward Brophy (Joe Morelli)", "Edward Ellis (Clyde Wynant)", "Cyril Thornton (Tanner)", "Pat Flaherty (Fighter at Party (uncredited))", "William H. O'Brien (Bartender (uncredited))", "Polly Bailey (Janitress (uncredited))", "William Augustin (Wynant's Butler (uncredited))", "Arthur Belasco (Detective (uncredited))", "Jack Cheatham (Detective (uncredited))", "Edward Hearn (Detective (uncredited))", "Garry Owen (Detective (uncredited))", "Lee Phelps (Detective (uncredited))", "Frank O'Connor (Detective Waiter (uncredited))", "Henry Otho (Detective Waiter (uncredited))", "Robert Homans (Billy the Detective (uncredited))", "Brooks Benedict (Night Club Patron (uncredited))", "Dick Gordon (Night Club Patron (uncredited))", "Kenner G. Kemp (Night Club Patron (uncredited))", "Hans Moebus (Night Club Patron (uncredited))", "Tui Bow (Stenographer (uncredited))", "Raymond Brown (Dr. Walton (uncredited))", "Ruth Channing (Mrs. Jorgenson (uncredited))", "Clay Clement (Quinn (uncredited))", "Nick Copeland (Reporter (uncredited))", "Creighton Hale (Reporter (uncredited))", "Thomas E. Jackson (Reporter (uncredited))", "Phil Tead (Reporter (uncredited))", "George Templeton (Reporter (uncredited))", "Christian J. Frank (Plainclothesman (uncredited))", "Lee Shumway (Plainclothesman (uncredited))", "Kenneth Gibson (Apartment Clerk (uncredited))", "Douglas Fowley (Taxi Driver (uncredited))", "Sherry Hall (Taxi Driver (uncredited))", "John Irwin ('Face' Tefler (uncredited))", "Sydney Jarvis (Witness (uncredited))", "Tiny Jones (Woman Buying Newspaper (uncredited))", "John Larkin (Porter (uncredited))", "Walter Long (Stutsy Burke (uncredited))", "Fred Malatesta (Joe - Headwaiter (uncredited))", "Alexander Pollard (Waiter Hired for Dinner (uncredited))", "Albert Pollet (Waiter Hired for Dinner (uncredited))", "Rolfe Sedan (Waiter (uncredited))", "Leo White (Leo - Waiter (uncredited))", "Bob Reeves (Cop (uncredited))", "Bert Roach (Foster (uncredited))", "Gertrude Short (Marion (uncredited))", "Pietro Sosso (Butler (uncredited))", "Ben Taggart (Police Captain (uncredited))", "Harry Tenbrook (Guest at Nick's Party (uncredited))", "Huey White (Minor Role (uncredited))", "Charles Williams (Fighter Manager (uncredited))", "Skippy (Asta)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Waiter, will you serve the nuts? ...I mean, will you serve the guests the nuts?  \r\n\r\nThe Thin Man is directed by W. S. Van Dyke and co-written by Albert Hackett and Frances Goodrich. It is based on the Dashiell Hammett novel of the same name. Starring are William Powell and Myrna Loy, with support coming from Maureen O'Sullivan, Nat Pendleton, Minna Gombell, Porter Hall and Skippy as Astra the dog. William Axt scores the music and James Wong Howe is the cinematographer. \r\n\r\nPlot finds Powell and Loy as married couple, Nick and Nora Charles, he is a retired detective, she a good time heiress. Planning to finally settle down, their life is upturned when Nick is called back into detective work due to a friend's disappearance and the possibility he was also involved in a murder. Murder, malarkey and mirth are about to become the order of the day.\r\n\r\nIt was the big surprise hit of 1934. Afforded only a tiny budget because studio head honcho Louis B. Mayer thought it was dud material, and he ordered for it to be completed in under three weeks time! Film made stars out of Powell and Loy and coined an impressive $2 million at the box office. Also birthing a franchise (5 film sequels and a radio and television series would follow), it's a film that has irresistible charm leaping out from every frame. It's easy to see even now why a mid 1930's audience could take so warmly to such an appealing motion picture.\r\n\r\nFrom the off the film was in good hands, Dyke (One-Take Woody as he was sometimes known) was an unfussy director with a keen eye for pacing and casting, both of which are things that shine through in this production. There's also considerable talent in the writing, both in the source material and with the script writers. Hammett based his witty bantering couple on himself and his relationship with playwright Lillian Hellman, this was ideal material for Hackett and Goodrich, themselves a happily married couple fondly thought of in the cut and thrust world of Hollywood. As a couple they would go on to write It's a Wonderful Life for Frank Capra and win the Pulitzer Prize for their play The Diary of Anne Frank. \r\n\r\nIt stands out as a film of note because it successfully marries a murder mystery story with a screwball comedy spin, this was something new and exciting. While the believable relationship between Powell and Loy was also a breath of fresh air - a married couple deeply in love, devoted, funny, boozey and bouncing off of each other with witty repartee. It can never be overstated just how good Powell and Loy are here, true enough they are given an absolutely zinging script to work from, but the level of comedy, both in visual ticks and delivery of lines, is extraordinarily high.\r\n\r\nSmall budget and a small shoot, but everything else about The Thin Man is big. Big laughs, big mystery and big love, all bundled up into a joyous bit of classic cinema. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13562, 14588, 24807, 14589]}