{"tmdb_id": 353491, "title": "La Tour sombre", "original_title": "The Dark Tower", "slug_title": "la-tour-sombre", "date": "2017-08-03", "genre": "Action / Fantastique / Science-Fiction / Western / Horreur", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Il y a d'autres mondes. La Tour Sombre de Stephen King, l'histoire \u00e0 grand d\u00e9ploiement d'un des auteurs les plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bres au monde. Le dernier pistolero, Roland Deschain, m\u00e8ne une bataille \u00e9ternelle contre Walter O'Dim, \u00e9galement connu comme l'Homme en noir. Il est d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 l'emp\u00eacher de d\u00e9truire la Tour sombre qui prot\u00e8ge l'univers. Avec le destin de deux mondes en p\u00e9ril, le bien et le mal s'affronteront dans une bataille ultime, car seul Roland peut d\u00e9fendre la Tour contre l'Homme en noir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oOKHxFlbXcUWYcvoCypioOkWSAe.jpg", "actors": ["Idris Elba (Roland Deschain)", "Matthew McConaughey (Walter O\u2019Dim)", "Tom Taylor (Jake Chambers)", "Claudia Kim (Arra Champignon)", "Fran Kranz (Pimli Prentiss)", "Abbey Lee (Tirana)", "Jackie Earle Haley (Richard Sayre)", "Katheryn Winnick (Laurie Chambers)", "Dennis Haysbert (Steven Deschain)", "Michael Barbieri (Timmy)", "Jos\u00e9 Z\u00fa\u00f1iga (Dr. Hotchkiss)", "Alex McGregor (Susan Delgado)", "Nicholas Hamilton (Lucas Hanson)", "Nicholas Pauling (Lon)", "Eva Kaminsky (Jill)", "Robbie McLean (Toby)", "Matthew Thomson (Jonah)", "Karl Thaning (Elmer Chambers)", "Lemogang Tsipa (Phedon)", "Robert Whitehead (Cantab)", "Leeanda Reddy (Dr. Weizak)", "Kenneth Fok (Johnny)", "Charlize Churcher (Pretty Girl)", "Ben Gavin (Soldier)", "Sara Cicilian (Drunk Girl)", "Lara Adine Lipschitz (Nurse)", "Jabari Gray (Bystander)", "Paul Riley Fox (Militia)", "Mark Elderkin (Rat Man)", "Joe Vaz (Worker Taheen)", "Christopher Stein (Big Guard)", "Andre Robinson (Boy in the Park)", "Alfredo Narciso (Ex-Breaker)", "Dan Hirst (Village Engineer)", "Zak Rowlands (Taheen Tech)", "Christiaan Schoombie (Young Reactor Man)", "Keci Eatock (Vampire Girl)", "Marmee Cosico (Chinatown Pedestrian)", "Bill Walters (Homeless Man in Alley)", "Inge Beckmann (Teacher)", "Reon Van Der Watt (Tracker Leader)", "Richard Lothian (Fierce Taheen)", "Larry Nu\u00f1ez (Van Vampire)", "Michael Basile (Pedestrian)", "Warren Masemola (Bald Old Man)", "Emily Child (Herb Woman)", "Zanne Solomon (Restaurant Lady)", "Mary Twala (Bell Lady)", "Sarah Potter (Mannie Mother)", "Andrew Laubscher (Dying Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "chris", "content": "ok here are my personal thought on this movie I think you can say what you want but I really liked it this movie had a lot of action and fun you really cant go wrong here the action packed fun and enjoyment mcconihey was a pure joy as the evil villain he really knows how to excite an audience you need to see this movie"}, {"pseudo": "chris", "content": "ok so I walked into the theater with full expectations of this one sucking however I really had a nice time watching it this was filled with action and adventure just what you want from a end of summer flick just a good time and loads of fun at the movies"}, {"pseudo": "djwildbill", "content": "I liked the movie was really good. But yet a little disappointed that the movie missed so many things from the book.in my opinion this should of been done in a series setting..just my two cents"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "My hard & fast rule of \"Never pay ticket price for anything with Matthew McConaughey in a leading role\" has served me well once more, because though one of the biggest problems with _The Dark Tower_ was how they tried to squeeze decades of lore into 95 minute movie, the best part about it was still somehow that it was over pretty quick.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The dark force, the dark tower and then there's heroes!**\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the same name. It is a book series, so we can expect a new franchise here. Another fantasy series, but is it worth is the real question. I don't know how famous is the original source, but I did not find the film any good. For me, it was another teen film like the majority of similarly themed films that flopped terribly. But here, an adult holds a prominent role that played by Idris Elba.\r\n\r\nMaybe this is just an introduction, but still the first impression failed. The youngsters might enjoy it better than the adults. Particularly the teenagers. A teenager having a series of strange dreams about another world is all actually comes true when he enters through a portal to one of those worlds in the same universe. Now he's tailed by a most dangerous force in the universe, but accompanied by a gunslinger, he has to find a way to stop an apocalypse that's going strike his world and to rest of the universe.\r\n\r\nBeing very simple could be the reason I did not enjoy it. Basically, there's no twist in it. What they have called twist was a cliche in this kind of theme. The cast was okay, and so the visuals. But it all points to the story. The sequel could get better, so lets wait and see. In the meantime, I've heard that a completely a new version of the television series is on the development. I hope it works out better than the film franchise. Finally, it is an average film, neither worth nor a waste of time! I hope you make the right decision regarding watching it!\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [282035, 274857, 339964, 390043]}