{"tmdb_id": 353486, "title": "Jumanji : Bienvenue dans la jungle", "original_title": "Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle", "slug_title": "jumanji-bienvenue-dans-la-jungle", "date": "2017-12-09", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Quatre lyc\u00e9ens d\u00e9couvrent une vieille console contenant un jeu vid\u00e9o dont ils n\u2019avaient jamais entendu parler : Jumanji. En voulant jouer, ils se retrouvent myst\u00e9rieusement propuls\u00e9s dans la jungle de Jumanji, o\u00f9 ils deviennent leurs avatars. Spencer est d\u00e9sormais un aventurier muscl\u00e9; Fridge le footeux devient un v\u00e9ritable Einstein; Bethany, la fille si populaire au lyc\u00e9e, se transforme en professeur d\u2019\u00e2ge m\u00fbr et la timide Martha est maintenant une redoutable combattante.  Ils vont rapidement d\u00e9couvrir qu\u2019il ne suffit pas de jouer \u00e0 Jumanji, il faut y survivre\u2026 Pour vaincre le jeu et revenir dans le monde r\u00e9el, ils vont devoir affronter les pires dangers, d\u00e9couvrir ce qu\u2019Alan Parrish a laiss\u00e9 vingt ans auparavant, et changer leur fa\u00e7on de voir la vie et eux-m\u00eames. Sinon, ils resteront prisonniers de Jumanji pour toujours\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y1zgYmxkQDvi9Tev74PYbmer2Mv.jpg", "actors": ["Dwayne Johnson (Dr. Smolder Bravestone)", "Jack Black (Professor Sheldon 'Shelly' Oberon)", "Kevin Hart (Franklin 'Mouse' Finbar)", "Karen Gillan (Ruby Roundhouse)", "Nick Jonas (Jefferson 'Seaplane' McDonough)", "Bobby Cannavale (Professor Russel Van Pelt)", "Rhys Darby (Nigel Billingsley)", "Alex Wolff (Spencer Gilpin)", "Ser'Darius Blain (Anthony 'Fridge' Johnson)", "Madison Iseman (Bethany Walker)", "Morgan Turner (Martha Kaply)", "Mason Guccione (Young Alex Vreeke)", "Colin Hanks (Alex Vreeke)", "Marc Evan Jackson (Principal Bentley)", "Carlease Burke (Miss Mathers)", "Tim Matheson (Old Man Vreeke)", "Sean Buxton (Mr. Vreeke)", "Missi Pyle (Coach Webb)", "Maribeth Monroe (Teacher)", "Marin Hinkle (Mrs. Gilpin)", "Tracey Bonner (Mrs. Johnson)", "Natasha Charles Parker (Mrs. Walker)", "Kat Altman (Lucinda)", "Michael Shacket (Fussfeld)", "William Tokarsky (Bread/Cake Vendor)", "Rohan Chand (Boy at Bazaar)", "Juan Gaspard (The Spy)", "Sylvia Jefferies (Jogger's Wife)", "Danny Pardo (Bazaar Vendor)", "Natasha Mayet (Berber lady)", "Ruby Bustamante (High School Student)", "Virginia Newcomb (Alex's Wife)", "Maiya Boyd (Cute Bazar Kid)", "Jonnah-Blaine Bowling (Boyfriend)", "John Archer Lundgren (Knife Vendor)", "Ted Williams (Gypsy Cowboy)", "Najah Jackson (Cute girl)", "Maddie Nichols (Kid #2)", "Jamie Renell (Gym Teacher)", "Darian Baker (High School Jock)", "Sarah Fawaz (Eccentric Woman)", "Max Ortiz Jr. (Dragoon / Raven)", "William Walker (High School Administrator)", "Tahseen Ghauri (Bazaar Vendor)", "Jemarko Jones (Neighbor)", "Daniel Salyers (High School Student)", "Ashley Lonardo (Kid #3)", "Demetrice Nguyen (Vendor)", "Jonathan Louis Ramos (Berber)", "Martin Feigen (Neighbor)", "Leeza Jones (Bazaar Patron)", "Tad Sallee (Skater Punk)", "Tyler Stormant (Letterman)", "Cory Michael Peeler (High School Gym Student)", "Chrysta-Lyn Rodrigues (Mean Girl #1)", "Ryan Baughman (Boy #1)", "Kevin Montgomery (High School Student)", "Na Bil (Bazar kid)", "Jeffery Clarke (Bazaar Patron)", "Mario Fernandez (The Begger)", "Stanislav Mruz (Bazaar patron)", "John Early (Beggar)", "Lyric Jefferson (Cheerleader)", "Friday Chamberlain (Amazon Warrior (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "piyushgupta69", "content": "Previous 2 parts were much better story wise, however effects are good in this part."}, {"pseudo": "amanshroff", "content": "**The 90's Game is back and got even more adventurous !!**\r\n\r\n\r\nWhen four teenagers in detention discover an old video game console with a game they've never heard of, they are immediately thrust into the game's jungle setting, into the bodies of their avatars, played by Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black, Kevin Hart, and Karen Gillan. What they discover is that you don't just play Jumanji -Jumanji plays you. They'll have to go on the most dangerous adventure of their lives, or they'll be stuck in the game forever.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nIn the age of Hollywood's obsession with franchise-building and reboots, the idea for a sequel to 1995's 'Jumanji' came across as another eye-roll worthy project. However, the combination of charming actors Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black, Karen Gillian and Kevin Hart, made it evident that this would wind up either being a complete trainwreck, or total mindless fun. Fortunately, 'Welcome to the Jungle' falls solidly into the latter category. The chemistry between the lead cast is evident and the script makes the most of this by giving each actor moments to shine and showcase their skills while they clearly enjoy playing their characters.\r\n\r\nJohnson's younger persona Spencer is a nerdy guy who has lived a sheltered life and is afraid of the world. When he enters the game he takes on the avatar of a hunk with no discernible physical weakness. Johnson has fun with this switch of persona and watching him go back and forth doesn't get old. The same goes for Jack Black who plays a self-absorbed, social media addicted teenage girl Bethany. Her switch into Black's trademark rotund shape is the most extreme and ends up being hilarious. While Black and Johnson are engaging as they are completely cast against their typical selves, Gillian and Hart aren't too far behind playing an awkward, insecure but intelligent girl, and an all-star jock boy trapped in a less-than-stellar body respectively.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nThis entire body-switch premise works on slapstick humour that's not crass and moves quickly with ample action to ensure that the 2-hour runtime doesn't feel bulky at any point. Granted there's a villain problem with Bobby Cannavale's Van Pelt being as one-dimensional as they come. It's conveniently explained away as this is all a video game, and the same rules apply for its lack of depth. \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n_Overall_, 'Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle' ends up being a fun, holiday film that will keep you entertained enough to make it worth your time and money."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The effects have improved (as you'd hope they would over the course of 22 years), but _Welcome to the Jungle_ didn't really do much for me. It completely lacks the charm of the original movie, but also the worldly scope of the animated series. I sat there patiently as weak joke after weak joke bounced off of me ineffectually, but the person I watched it with seemed to be having a great time, so maybe I'm just dead inside?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Definitely not for me, but I sort of get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "flabob257", "content": "Eh.  This was so-so.  I like the rock so ill give this a 6 out of 10. The original was WAYYYYY better."}], "recommandations_id": [427641, 351286, 338970, 141052]}