{"tmdb_id": 353501, "title": "Pulimurugan", "original_title": "\u0d2a\u0d41\u0d32\u0d3f\u0d2e\u0d41\u0d30\u0d41\u0d17\u0d28\u0d4d\u200d", "slug_title": "pulimurugan", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": ["Action / Aventure"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Murugan, with his tools and expertise, protects Puliyoor's villagers from deadly tiger attacks. However, Daddy, an illegal drugs dealer, takes advantage of Murugan's innocence and wrongly frames him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/onl4KNQ9Bso4sNRb3uM6RkRcVuj.jpg", "actors": ["Mohanlal ('Puli' Murugan)", "Jagapati Babu (Daddy Girija)", "Lal (Balaraman)", "Vinu Mohan (Manikuttan)", "Bala (Shiva)", "Suraj Venjaramoodu (Poongayi Sasi)", "Kishore (R. K)", "Kamalinee Mukherjee (Myna)", "Makrand Deshpande (Mariyappan)", "Noby Marcose (Benny)", "Ajaz Kollam (Murugan's childhood)", "Hareesh Peradi (Girija's confidant)", "Siddique (Iyep Zachariah)", "Durga Premjith (Chakkara)", "M R Gopakumar (Kadutha)", "Nandhu (Dhivakaran)", "Sasi Kalinga (Tea Shopkeeper)", "Namitha (Julie)", "Sethu Lakshmi (Bhavanithalla)", "Newik Cullet (Boomerang fighter)", "Santhosh Keezhattoor (Murugan's father)", "Anjali Aneesh Upasana (Murugan's mother)", "Sudheer Karamana (Kayikka)", "Antony Perumbavoor (Jeep driver)", "Romin Antony Mulakupadam (Young Balaraman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Binu Kalarickan", "content": "Pulimurugan has lived up to all the expectations. Director Vyshakh has given big hits and some flops, but the new Mohanlal-starrer will be the major highlight of his filmmaking career.\r\n\r\nVyshakh, indeed, knows how to exploit Mohanlal\u2019s stardom to hilt. The film has a number of scenes specially designed to enthrall the actor\u2019s fans and make them burst into cheers, claps and whistles.\r\n\r\nThe issue of man-animal conflict lies at the heart of Pulimurugan. It is a simple movie that basically aims to entertain the audience. The movie does not dwell too much on the man-animal conflict and discusses what is right or what is wrong.\r\n\r\nThe story is set in the fictional village called \u2018Pulioore\u2019 that share the land with the forest and is prone to attacks from wild animals. Whenever a stray tiger wanders into human habitats and starts killing people, the village turns to Pulimurugan. He is a pro in searching, finding and hunting down a tiger. There is a backstory as to why he started hunting tigers. Pulimurugan\u2019s father got mauled by a tiger in front of his eyes when he was a boy. Later, with the help of his uncle, he kills the man-eating tiger that took his father\u2019s life and continues to do so as a service to his village.\r\n\r\nCinemotography has been reached on its perfection with the movies, Shaji has done an amazing creation and it stands out from the history of malayalam movies till date\r\n\r\nThe tiger hunting scenes are brilliantly done and are the best part of this action-adventure. A lot of research and effort have clearly gone into making these scenes and the results outstanding. The high-voltage action is another highlight of the film, courtesy Peter Hein, who has been pushing the envelope in stunt choreography in the country"}], "recommandations_id": [134477, 234532, 237725, 404665], "youtube_key": "B_RRKs7Vc0c"}