{"tmdb_id": 353569, "title": "Table 19", "original_title": "Table 19", "slug_title": "table-19", "date": "2017-03-03", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Des gens qui ne se connaissent pas se retrouvent mis \u00e0 l'\u00e9cart, \u00e0 la table des marginaux, pendant un mariage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cr3CXrrLOuCEV240lVw0SrhuxWZ.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Kendrick (Eloise McGarry)", "Craig Robinson (Jerry Kepp)", "June Squibb (Jo Flanagan)", "Lisa Kudrow (Bina Kepp)", "Stephen Merchant (Walter Thimble)", "Tony Revolori (Renzo Eckberg)", "Wyatt Russell (Teddy Millner)", "Amanda Crew (Nikki)", "Becky Ann Baker (Carol Millner)", "Thomas Cocquerel (Huck Hayes)", "Maria Thayer (Kate Millner)", "Andrew Daly (Luke Pfaffler)", "Andy Stahl (Henry Grotsky)", "Chris Whitley (Douglas Grotsky)", "Margo Martindale (Freda Eckberg)", "Megan Lawless (Megan-Ann)", "Sheri Mann Stewart (Sherri Grotsky)", "Tommy O'Brien (Robert Vardaros (uncredited))", "Richard Haylor (Roger Millner)", "Carlos Aviles (Jalape\u00f1o)", "Chelle Ramos (Rodriguez Bride)", "Charles Green (Mr. Manny)", "Brad Oberhofer (Wedding Singer)", "Jay Klaitz (Photographer)", "Andy Blitz (Notorious Donny Haczyk)", "Max Silvestri (Champagne Server)", "Nick Arapoglou (Receptionist)", "Matthew Cornwell (Drunk Military Buddy)", "Elizabeth Ludlow (Caterer)", "Omer Mughal (Hotel Staff Member)", "Gabriella Cila (Renzo's Study Buddy)", "Lontrell Anderson (Server (uncredited))", "Nargis Aniston (Bridesmaid (uncredited))", "Amanda Burke Buczek (Bridesmaid (uncredited))", "Kelsey Cortez (Server (uncredited))", "Payson Durant (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Shannon Edwards (Milner Business Associate (uncredited))", "Fred Galle (Wealthy Family Friend (uncredited))", "Matthew A. Hand (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Geoffrey Howard (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Lainey Kloes (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Susan Lafayette Moss (Maid (uncredited))", "Roger Neal (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Stacey Parrish (Bridesmaid (uncredited))", "Shaker Sangam (Wedding Guest (uncredited))", "Daniel Patrick Shook (Pedestrian with child (uncredited))", "Garret Ethan Whittington (Single Bachelor (uncredited))", "Rya Meyers (Francie Millner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "gilknut", "content": "**Brilliant, but panned by predictable critics**\r\n\r\n(SPOILERS TOWARDS END!)\r\n\r\nI don't always agree with (or heed warnings) from movie critics; perhaps because I used to be one myself in a nation wide magazine many years ago -- but if a movie has a 40% rating on Metacritic, I admit it rarely bodes well. Still I watched this, largely due to the involvement of several favorite actors and the script having been written by the Duplass brothers.\r\n\r\nI found it almost instantly both funny and moving, and the longer I watched, the more confused I became as to why most critics had been lukewarm or downright dismissive of it. I figured it had to be mostly due to the genre blend of comedy and more dramatic issues, and that probably most of the criticism had been along the usual lines of \"can't make up it's mind', etc. But even so, that didn't add up to a meager 40% rating, with such a clever script and great acting.\r\n\r\nWhen the credits rolled, I knew instantly why: A happy ending...\r\n\r\nIt all mostly works out in the end for the oddball protagonists. Critics in general can't stand it. If a movie has had a degree of realism and/or several dark or borderline dark-ish issues brought up along the way, critics tend to go ******* unless it all ends in misery, or largely unresolved, or at the very least in ambiguity. God forbid you walk away from such a movie actually feeling good; that equals 'cheesy' in most reviewers book. Was it realistic that most of the people involved got a happy, somewhat romantic ending? Of course not, but though the movie tackles several 'real' issues within the comedy, I found the ending perfectly fitting with the tone of it. Critics often use the word 'predictable' about anything that has a hint of romantic comedy in it, but I'd say, there are few things as predictable as movie critics in general.\r\n\r\nIf you want to read what I consider a spot on review for this, check out Empire Magazine, who went against the stream and gave it 4 out of 5 stars."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It was not a table of honour!**\r\n\r\nI thought it was some B movie. Expecting anything from it is like a total waste. But that was not the case. I was surprised how simple it was, yet very entertaining. Not all the small films like this would do the same magic. Everything in the was like I already seen in other films, even though I enjoyed it thoroughly.\r\n\r\nIt was a one-day event tale and in the backdrop of a wedding. In that, the film focused on one particular table, the table number 19 on the outskirt the dining hall. They all came from different background and never met before. They learn about each other, and their personal issues open up during the cerebration. Apart from that, they mess up a few things and later try to fix it, that all comes into play before it reaches the end.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Rocket Science', which came a decade ago, also starred by Anna Kendrick. I think he is a fine director, at least in small comedies with the good quality screenplay. So he should be doing more feature films than the television series. I was impressed by Kendrick. Her choices of films might not be the greatest, but she's almost there and very soon going to give a career best for sure. The remaining cast was funnily good.\r\n\r\nI think this film deserves a sequel. Because the film characters are very distinctive and has left behind a lot about them which need to be revealed. Sequel or prequel, it does not matter, but I'll be surely looking for one. Look at its cost, just $5 million. Big production houses can give away such tiny amount without expecting any returns.\r\n\r\nYou might see it rated low everywhere, but for me, it is a good comedy. One of the best small budget films. Yeah, the end was very clich\u00e9d, but acceptable for such film. I would definitely suggest it for those who won't anticipate in films they watch. Particularly if you prefer simple storyline and a few laughs, it is the one.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [397422, 333385, 316023, 331313]}