{"tmdb_id": 353599, "title": "The Lake on Clinton Road", "original_title": "The Lake on Clinton Road", "slug_title": "the-lake-on-clinton-road", "date": "2015-07-17", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "When six friends from Massachusetts travel to the jersey shore, they end up on Clinton road at a house on a lake. They're not alone, one by one they disappear, who will survive.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oqhnJegxJ8H4gQLFBV4JSivbRz3.jpg", "actors": ["India Autry (Stacy)", "Aram Bauman (Thomas)", "Anthony Grant (Mark (as Ant Grant))", "DeShon Hardy (Officer Miller)", "Brianna Jamison (Young Jillian)", "Collin Jamison (Jackson White)", "Leah Jones (Jillian)", "Tina Krause (Diana White)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Yet ANOTHER cabin in the woods flick, but it delivers the goods\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2015 and written & directed by DeShon Hardy, \"The Lake on Clinton Road\" chronicles events at the titular lake in remote New Jersey when three college couples go to a vacation home to celebrate. Things go horrible awry when they discover that the rumors of the lake being haunted are real. \r\n\r\nThe low ratings & reviews are inaccurate because this is a cogent cabin-in-the-woods flick. While it may be a low-budget indie with a no-name cast, the acting is convincing and the creepiness & scares are genuine. Moreover, the score is effective (with the soundtrack throwing in some rap sheet). The six youths travel to their isolated destination in typical celebration mode, but their frivolity palpably changes by the second half. People complain that they\u2019re an obnoxious bunch, but that\u2019s not true. They\u2019re just young adults out celebrating. So what? We\u2019ve all done it. \r\n\r\nThe two football guys (Richard Ryker & Anthony Grant) are great masculine role models, disregarding the customary cussing. They have good camaraderie, treat their women well, and don\u2019t abuse the chubby white guy, their amusing pal. Ryker is particularly a strong masculine protagonist. Speaking of the women, the director has a good eye for depicting feminine beauty without getting too tasteless. Leah Jones is mind-blowingly voluptuous while petite brunette Stephanie Marrone ain\u2019t no slouch; nor is the black girl for that matter (India Autry). \r\n\r\nThe bottom line is: The movie works well for what it is. It contains all the requisite staples and works them expertly into an entertaining brew. I\u2019d watch this any day over the cartoonish \u201cThe Evil Dead\u201d (1981), the over-the-top comical \u201cEvil Dead II\u201d (1987), the trashy \u201cCabin Fever\u201d (2002), the lame \u201cZombeavers\u201d (2014) or the too-creative-for-its-own-good \u201cCabin in the Woods\u201d (2012).\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s a curiously overlong epilogue tacked-on after the end credits that\u2019s at least three times as long as it needed to be. I think the director just wanted to give some screen time to the two 12 year-old girls in the back seat, who are probably related to him. In any case, it shows a fresh group of giddy youths just before they\u2019re humbled big time; humbled or dead, whatever.               \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 20 minutes and was shot in Marlton, New Jersey & Bellefonte, Pennsylvania. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [295339, 128558, 484586, 430088], "youtube_key": "notfound"}