{"tmdb_id": 353616, "title": "Pitch Perfect 3", "original_title": "Pitch Perfect 3", "slug_title": "pitch-perfect-3", "date": "2017-12-20", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir remport\u00e9 les championnats du monde, les Bellas se retrouvent s\u00e9par\u00e9es et r\u00e9alisent qu\u2019il n\u2019existe pas de perspective de travail qui permette de faire de la musique avec sa bouche. Mais lorsqu\u2019on leur offre la chance de se retrouver une nouvelle fois sur sc\u00e8ne pour une tourn\u00e9e \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9tranger, ce groupe de nerds se r\u00e9unit pour une derni\u00e8re nouvelle aventure musicale.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fchHLsLjFvzAFSQykiMwdF1051.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Kendrick (Beca Mitchell)", "Rebel Wilson (Patricia \"Fat Amy\" Hobart)", "Brittany Snow (Chloe Beale)", "Hailee Steinfeld (Emily Junk)", "Elizabeth Banks (Gail Abernathy-McKadden-Feinberger)", "Anna Camp (Aubrey Posen)", "Alexis Knapp (Stacie Conrad)", "Ruby Rose (Charity)", "Ester Dean (Cynthia-Rose Adams)", "Hana Mae Lee (Lilly Onakurama)", "Chrissie Fit (Florencia \"Flo\" Fuentes)", "Kelley Jakle (Jessica)", "Shelley Regner (Ashley)", "Andy Allo (Charity)", "John Michael Higgins (John)", "John Lithgow (Fergus)", "Matt Lanter (Chicago)", "Guy Burnet (Theo)", "DJ Khaled (Himself)", "William Walker (Casino Patron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb81926929", "content": "First of all, I just went to watch this because I've seen the other two, which I kind of enjoyed, but I didn't have much expectation when I went to see this. And I was still disappointed. I felt like the plot was very weak and I was confused about what they were doing most of the time. There was plenty of singing and dancing, obviously, which was good for the most part. But it wasn't as good as the other films. Probably my biggest complaint would be about Fat Amy and her dad. Now, John Lithgow is a great actor in my opinion, but as an Australian, I was a big taken aback when he was cast as an Australian. His Aussie accent was hit and miss and after the movie all I was thinking was the possible Australian actors that could've been cast in his place. John Jarratt comes to mind (joke). Also, why do people keep casting Ruby Rose. No offence, but she just can't act. And she did an American accent in this so that was a bit weird as well. Overall, I wasn't expecting much from this movie and I got what I expected. I'm probably glad they're not making these movies anymore. I give it a low score for the lack of plot and it just felt like the same movie but worse."}], "recommandations_id": [254470, 114150, 431530, 316029], "youtube_key": "Hihto8onbUU"}