{"tmdb_id": 3536, "title": "U-571", "original_title": "U-571", "slug_title": "u-571", "date": "2000-04-20", "genre": "Action / Drame / Thriller / Guerre", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1942, les \u00c9tats-Unis viennent d'entrer en guerre contre les forces de l'Axe. Le capitaine Mike Dahlgren commande le S-33, un sous-marin archa\u00efque mais redoutable. \u00c0 son bord se trouvent les lieutenants Andrew Tyler et Emmett, l'enseigne de vaisseau Klough, Wassner et d'autres hommes d'\u00e9quipage, engag\u00e9s dans une mission d\u00e9cisive. Le S-33 va \u00eatre maquill\u00e9 en sous-marin allemand, l'un des c\u00e9l\u00e8bres U-Boot qui patrouillent au fond de l'oc\u00e9an. La r\u00e9ussite de leur mission va d\u00e9pendre d\u00e9sormais de leur solidarit\u00e9, de leur rapidit\u00e9 et de leur courage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lttEXkg5LQfr78zzIOOVaNlun99.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Lt. Andrew Tyler)", "Bill Paxton (Lt. Cmdr. Mike Dahlgren)", "Harvey Keitel (CPO Henry Klough)", "Jon Bon Jovi (Lt. Pete Emmett)", "David Keith (Maj. Matthew Coonen)", "Thomas Kretschmann (Capt. Lt. Gunther Wassner)", "Jake Weber (Lt. Hirsch)", "Jack Noseworthy (Bill Wentz)", "Tom Guiry (Ted Trigger Fitzgerald)", "Will Estes (Ronald Rabbit Parker)", "Terrence 'T.C.' Carson (Steward Eddie Carson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Can you forgive the film makers their sins?\r\n\r\nOnce in a while there comes a time when a film lover has their patience snapped, that we can't surely accept in this instance that poetic license is OK as an excuse purely for Hollywood to make a piece of entertainment. U-571 pretty much rips up the history books for its own ends, something that would see even the film makers themselves bow their heads during the years that followed. However... \r\n\r\nAs a drama - cum - thriller, Jonathan Mostow's film is top end. There's some iffy acting in the support slots, but the production is still excellently put together. Suspense down below in the submarine is high anxiety, the tactics of war in the Atlantic superbly written, while the finale face off is edge of the seat gripping. It's these things that has let U-571 gain decent ratings on the main internet movie sites. \r\n\r\nTaken as a piece of Hollywood guff, it's a rocking war movie, one that also sounds absolutely tremendous through home cinema systems. As long as you accept it as guff - regardless of your nationality, then there is a great time to be had. But just as with films like Braveheart, do familiarise yourselves with the facts afterwards. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10590, 12100, 8665, 9331]}