{"tmdb_id": 353728, "title": "Closet Monster", "original_title": "Closet Monster", "slug_title": "closet-monster", "date": "2016-07-15", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Jeune gar\u00e7on \u00e9nergique et imaginatif, Oscar est t\u00e9moin d\u2019un meurtre \u00e0 caract\u00e8re homophobe dans un cimeti\u00e8re du voisinage. Les ann\u00e9es passent et il grandit dans le souvenir de cette exp\u00e9rience traumatisante coupl\u00e9e au sentiment d\u2019abandon g\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 par le d\u00e9part de sa m\u00e8re et aux multiples conflits de personnalit\u00e9s avec son p\u00e8re. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 son imagination, au soutien d\u2019un hamster dot\u00e9 de la parole, Oscar parvient peu \u00e0 peu \u00e0 faire face \u00e0 ses d\u00e9mons pour d\u00e9couvrir la vraie nature qui est la sienne. \u00c0 l\u2019adolescence, Oscar d\u00e9niche un premier emploi dans une quincaillerie o\u00f9 il fait la connaissance de Wilder, un gar\u00e7on de son \u00e2ge \u00e9trangement libre et rebelle. Les deux adolescents se lient d\u2019amiti\u00e9, mais les sentiments d\u2019Oscar pour Wilder deviennent toujours plus confus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nFVsVQllgJgsclelJRXO9g1VnBs.jpg", "actors": ["Connor Jessup (Oscar Madly)", "Aaron Abrams (Peter Madly)", "Joanne Kelly (Brin Madly)", "Aliocha Schneider (Wilder)", "Sofia Banzhaf (Gemma)", "Jack Fulton (Young Oscar Madly)", "Mary Walsh (Allison)", "Isabella Rossellini (Buffy)", "Jonathan Watton (Larry)", "Jinji Dawson (Anna)", "Meghan Cullen (Kathryn)", "Sean Panting (Constable Bennett)", "Megan Rose Jones (Ms. Mercer)", "Emma McIsaac (Mercedes)", "Teigan Follett (Greg)", "Paula Morgan (Christine)", "James Hawksley (Andrew)", "Marthe Bernard (Bridgette)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Influential of surroundings on one's character development.**\r\n\r\nIt was a bit surprise film, because I did not get the film plot in the beginning. I did not know it was about gay. Well, it was not entirely on that theme, but comes there after so many turns in the tale. So this is a coming-of-age and to discover sexuality theme. Also very neatly points out how a person develops his character by the influence of his surroundings. Even if it all begins with a small mistake or playful thing, in that small age, it all looks very serious, especially a character like in this film.\r\n\r\nDespite it was a cinematic, that might be true in real life. The parents as well influence their kids to grow up in a better path. So parenting fail too was highlighted in here. It was unfortunate how the father character was turned out at the end. That is the moment I could not decide whom I'm rooting for. It was like, seemed nobody's fault, but out of the guilt and frustration, emotion bursts out and things happen which is what this film focused on.\r\n\r\nGood performances, a well shot film. One of the nice LGBT films I've seen. Only on the reality side, it worked, but not as an inspiration. Though one can consider it an awareness film. I feel it should be watched, but not as a must see. Because of so many issues it centres, like a boy growing up facing them, what he becomes was revealed in its message. I think it's good for watching once.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [374440, 361475, 100898, 361018], "youtube_key": "VSLEI55SS5s"}