{"tmdb_id": 353711, "title": "Pornstars Punishment 3", "original_title": "Pornstars Punishment 3", "slug_title": "pornstars-punishment-3", "date": "2011-04-04", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Pornstars Punishment 3: It`s Time for Punishment! I Deserve What`s Mine: Shyla and James are recently divorced. When Shyla starts seeing their boss, James can`t take it anymore. He hears them talking about their upcoming date and James takes out his anger on Shyla`s Ass! Shaw-Slut Redemption: Bridgette is a corrupt prisonguard who likes to sexually abuse the inmates. When things go too far, two prisoners tear up her ass and pussy instead. Ten Dollar Whore: Alanah tricks James into investing all his money in the stock market. After stealing his money, James tracks her down and takes his revenge on her ass! Cathartic Coitus: Scott and Krissy decided to try to work out their troubles and keep their relationship going. After Krissy skips out on a date, Scott gets in one last hate fuck! Revenge: While getting ready for a shoot for Brazzers Live, Nikki loses track of time and misses the entire shoot. Everybody is pissed at her and there is only one way to make it up!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5K0HFDbzc7747lE3JJ4pSBPg8wD.jpg", "actors": ["Shyla Stylez ()", "Bridgette B ()", "Alanah Rae ()", "Krissy Lynn ()", "Nikki Sexx ()", "Savannah Stern ()", "Jordan Ash ()", "James Deen ()", "Steven French ()", "Keiran Lee ()", "Scott Nails ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}