{"tmdb_id": 35381, "title": "Crossfire Trail", "original_title": "Crossfire Trail", "slug_title": "crossfire-trail", "date": "2001-01-21", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Thriller / Western / Action / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Rafe Covington is as good as his word, and he's determined to keep his promise to a dying man that he'll look after the man's widow and Wyoming ranch. But the widow doubts the integrity of drifter Covington. And an unscrupulous land grabber and his gunmen are sizing up the ranch the way a spider eyes a fly.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nWFOBdMabfDUF5Qk8wEPNy9hpAR.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Rafe Covington)", "Virginia Madsen (Anne Rodney)", "David O'Hara (Rock Mullaney)", "Christian Kane (J.T. Langston)", "Ken Pogue (Gene Thompson)", "Patrick Kilpatrick (Mike Taggart)", "William Sanderson (Dewey)", "Daniel Parker (Taggart Gang)", "Marshall R. Teague (Snake Corville)", "Brad Johnson (Beau Dorn)", "Mark Harmon (Bruce Barkow)", "Wilford Brimley (Joe Gill)", "Barry Corbin (Sheriff Walter Moncrief)", "Rex Linn (Luke Taggart)", "Joanna Miles (Melissa Thompson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Solid traditional Western with Tom Selleck, Virginia Madsen and Mark Harmon\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 2001 and directed by Simon Wincer, \"Crossfire Trail\" is a Western starring Tom Selleck as a laconic Westerner named Rafe Covington who travels to Wyoming to honor his promise to a dying friend: Look after the man\u2019s wife (Virginia Madsen) and ranch after he\u2019s gone.  The problem is, the charlatan mogul of the nearby town wants them too (Mark Harmon).    \r\n\r\nWhile this was a TNT production, it\u2019s on par with the average traditional Western/theatrical release, e.g. \u201cThe War Wagon\u201d (1967) or \u201cOpen Range\u201d (2003), and is more satisfying than most goofy spaghetti Westerns. Voluptuous Madsen is formidable in the female department while cutie Kyla (Anderson) Wise works well in the periphery as a barmaid. Moreover, likable Selleck towers in the role of the noble protagonist, who attracts an equally noble group of sidekicks (Wilford Brimley, Christian Kane and David O'Hara). \r\n\r\nThe story surprisingly loses steam in the last act with a classic shootout-in-town between the heroes and villains. Don\u2019t get me wrong, the fight is muscular and competently executed, it\u2019s just a little lackluster somehow and gives away the flick\u2019s TV origins. Nevertheless, this is a worthwhile modern Western with Harmon superlative as the swindling antagonist.                                        \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 32 minutes and was shot at CL Ranch, Calgary, Alberta. WRITERS: Charles Robert Carner (script) and Louis L'Amour (book).     \r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [155724, 55220, 102081, 21997], "youtube_key": "pJ9lbKJyCwY"}