{"tmdb_id": 353979, "title": "Pet", "original_title": "Pet", "slug_title": "pet", "date": "2016-09-24", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Seth, trentenaire maladroit et inqui\u00e9tant, tente de s\u00e9duire Holly, une serveuse, mais \u00e9choue lamentablement. De plus en plus obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par la jeune fille, Seth kidnappe Holly et l\u2019enferme dans une cage au refuge animalier o\u00f9 il travaille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xP1pvDosae1wA0BO2WmiLqIQhNv.jpg", "actors": ["Dominic Monaghan (Seth)", "Ksenia Solo (Holly Garling)", "Jennette McCurdy (Claire)", "Da'Vone McDonald (Nate)", "Nathan Parsons (Eric)", "Janet Song (Mrs. Gundy)", "Denise Garcia (Britt)", "Gary J. Tunnicliffe (Homeless Guy)", "John Ross Bowie (Jessup)", "Sean Blakemore (Detective Meara)", "Rachel Robinson (Radio Hostess)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The secret life of being somebody's Pet!**\r\n\r\nThe last time I saw Dominic Monaghan was pretty impressive in 'The Millionaire Tour'. This film was not bad. But it kind of reminds other titles like 'Tusk', 'Eyes of my Mother' et cetera. Only thematically. The screenplay should have been improved by extending more dramatic events. At present, it was simple, though the twists were the saviours. Not the mind blowing twists, but for a small storyline like this, everything justified. I liked how film characters switched nature of their roles while story progressing. That was nicely designed characters for a thriller which added a bit of mystery flavour.\r\n\r\nThe character Seth was really interesting one. Drawing a story out of him lacked depth in the later parts. Especially after the first twist revealed. The second half was unexpected, but also that's where the narration stared to fall off the track. One of the reasons was predictable. Though enjoyable film, until the finale. I thought it was overall a better film than I expected, but the end was not any good. Too clich\u00e9. You can easily spot they are interested in a sequel, so they kept it open. But closed conclusion would have made it a decent film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [403642, 257117, 291272, 355506]}