{"tmdb_id": 35392, "title": "Les maraudeurs attaquent", "original_title": "Merrill's Marauders", "slug_title": "les-maraudeurs-attaquent", "date": "1962-03-16", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, en 1944, le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Joseph Stilwell ordonne le d\u00e9ploiement en Birmanie des unit\u00e9s am\u00e9ricaines de volontaires destin\u00e9es \u00e0 vaincre la r\u00e9sistance de l'arm\u00e9e imp\u00e9riale japonaise. Parmi elles se trouve l'Unit\u00e9 Galahad (5307), command\u00e9e par le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Frank Merrill, et surnomm\u00e9e \u00ab Les Maraudeurs de Merrill \u00bb. L'unit\u00e9, dont le r\u00f4le est d'appuyer la Force X progresse difficilement dans la jungle birmane, d'un point d'attaque \u00e0 l'autre, et ses hommes vite \u00e9puis\u00e9s par des marches forc\u00e9es et des attaques contre des forces mieux \u00e9quip\u00e9es. Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Merrill souffre lui-m\u00eame de probl\u00e8mes cardiaques, mais le cache \u00e0 ses hommes et les exhorte \u00e0 poursuivre l'avanc\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h3GYkbGP1yO35u8mtRvfDiNoEqV.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Chandler (Brig. Gen. Frank D. Merrill)", "Ty Hardin (2nd Lt. Lee Stockton)", "Peter Brown (Bullseye)", "Andrew Duggan (Capt. Abraham Lewis Kolodny, MD)", "Will Hutchins (Chowhound)", "Claude Akins (Sgt. Kolowicz)", "Luz Valdez (Burmese girl)", "John Hoyt (Gen. Joseph Stilwell)", "Charlie Briggs (Muley (as Charles Briggs))", "Chuck Roberson (Officer)", "Chuck Hayward (Officer)", "Jack C. Williams (Doctor)", "Chuck Hicks (Cpl. Doskis)", "Vaughan Wilson (Bannister)", "Pancho Magalona (Taggy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Battle for Burma.\r\n\r\nMerrill\u2019s Marauders is directed by Samuel Fuller, who also co-adapts the screenplay with Milton Sperling from the book, The Marauders, written by Charlton Ogburn Jr. It stars Jeff Chandler, Ty Hardin, Andrew Duggan, Claude Akins, Peter brown, Will Hutchins and John Hoyt. A Cinemascope/Technicolor production with music by Howard Jackson and cinematography by William H. Clothier.\r\n\r\nCracker-jack war movie, packed to the rafters with blood, sweat and tears, and best of all, gritty realism. Story is about the warfare unit led by Frank Merrill (Chandler) during the Burmese campaign in 1944. Their mission was to destroy Japanese bases to avert the Japanese from making their way into India and onto a rendezvous with Hitler\u2019s forces. Their efforts was a success but it came at great cost of lives.\r\n\r\nFuller, an ex-soldier himself, isn\u2019t interested in glorifying war for entertainment purpose, he wants to keep the focus on the men and what the mission does to them, both physically and mentally. The mission was only meant to be a short sharp shocker, but they keep getting \u201crequested\u201d to push on further beyond what was originally required, pushed to their limits by their leader who asked they follow his lead.\r\n\r\nIn turn the men suffer through lack of food whilst some of them fall to typhus and malaria, inhospitable conditions take their toll, like trekking through miles and miles of swampy terrain, and of course they encounter the enemy on several nerve shredding occasions.\r\n\r\nAs comrades fall and heart breaking letters are written to families, Fuller peppers the picture with haunting moments. A sweep of the aftermath of a battle finds dead bodies from both sides strewn about the place, the surviving Marauders too exhausted to lift themselves off the soil. A soldier breaking down crying, another willing to carry his donkey\u2019s load so it want be shot for holding up the trek and on it goes, a whole ream of memorable instances designed to give us some idea of what the war is hell statement actually means.\r\n\r\nFilmed on location in the Philippines, it seems a little weird to say that the photography is beautiful given that so much emotional hardship and misery is being portrayed, but Clothier really brings everything to life with his superb use of colour, the great lensman the ideal fit for Fuller\u2019s keen eye for lingering details.\r\n\r\nPerformances are across the board on the good side of good, with Chandler - in what sadly would be his last film before his premature death aged 42 \u2013 turning in his best ever work. He puts his all into portraying Merrill, giving him great personality whilst hitting the mark for the various emotional beats required for a leader of men. A leader who himself carries a secret that he doesn\u2019t want his men to know about.\r\n\r\nStock footage usage from another movie and musical lifts from two more, hint at the economical restraints on the production, but neither affects the all round quality of the picture. Free of clich\u00e9\u2019s or extraneous pap, this is one excellent \u2013 exciting - haunting war movie. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43348, 127564, 44940, 32087], "youtube_key": "60C-cmbtRDs"}