{"tmdb_id": 354072, "title": "Our Times", "original_title": "\u6211\u7684\u5c11\u5973\u6642\u4ee3", "slug_title": "our-times", "date": "2015-08-13", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Truly est une travailleuse ordinaire dans un bureau. Sa vie amoureuse n'a rien de palpitant et ses coll\u00e8gues se moquent d'elle derri\u00e8re son dos. Un jour, d\u00e9courag\u00e9e, elle ressort un enregistrement d'une vieille chanson de Andy Lau qui la ram\u00e8ne \u00e0 ses jours de jeunesse.  Elle a le b\u00e9guin pour Ouyang Fei Fan, le gar\u00e7on le plus populaire de l'\u00e9cole. Un jour, elle re\u00e7oit une cha\u00eene de lettres la mettant en garde d'une catastrophe imminente. Naivement, elle la passe \u00e0 Xu Tai Yu, le voyou le plus c\u00e9l\u00e8bre de l'\u00e9cole, son professeur de math\u00e9matiques ainsi qu'\u00e0 Tao Min Min, la fille populaire. Pendant que Tai Yu lisait la lettre, il se fait infliger une blessure lors d'un accident de voiture. Apr\u00e8s avoir appris que c'\u00e9tait Truly qui lui avait envoy\u00e9 la lettre, il fait d'elle son \"amie\" et lui fait faire ses courses en \u00e9change de laisser Fei Fan tranquille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yUW3QiPGx1quA8AXTWu18P0xiOx.jpg", "actors": ["Vivian Sung (Truly Lin (younger))", "Darren Wang (Taiyu (younger))", "Dino Lee (Ouyang Fei-fan)", "Dewi Chien (Tao Minmin)", "Andy Lau (Himself)", "Joe Chen (Truly Lin (older))", "Jerry Yan (Taiyu (older))", "Berry Wen-i Kuo (Chao Hsiao-Chih)", "Bernice Tsai (Mei-mei)", "Alina Cheng (Shen Chia-Yi)", "Ian Chen (Ying Mu)", "He-Hsuan Lin (Da He)", "Li-Tung Chang (Chang Chang-Tao)", "Kristy Cha Ray Chu (teacher Chen)", "Hsin-Ling Chung (Lin's mother)", "Hsu Chieh-Hui (Lin Bei-yi)", "Wei-hsun Na (Wang Bai-Dan)", "Chu Chung-Heng (Chuan Chih-Hsien)", "Sean Lee (Truly's boyfriend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> The first love and the first heartbreak.\r\n\r\nThis is the very closest movie to my favourite Thai teen rom-com 'A Little Thing Called Love'. In fact a few scenes are almost resembling, including the main characters and love quadrilateral. So there's no wrong if I call it the Taiwan version of that movie. I thought I am going through again in another language, but I was not uninterested to sit for it because it was a beautiful story that I can re-watch numerous times without losing any interest.\r\n\r\nRemember its not the same movie, but only a similar themed flick, or maybe a highly inspired by that. This film had its own share of story and character developments. The third act was obviously a bit stretched, but twist came at early in that section and turned this tale into entirely different from what we thought going to happen. Except the second conclusion (I mean the real time ending, not the flashback's) which was so old fashioned.\r\n\r\nI found some similarities with my life and that Thai movie I mentioned, because that was based on the true story of everyone's first love and so this one. So finding a slice of your life in it is very much possible. The story of an ordinary girl, but it opens with a young woman recalls her school days after discovering her successful life was seen differently by others from her back. That takes us to the early 90s, like every girl in the school how her crush on a most handsome boy on the campus changes the course of her romance life after receiving a prank letter that states she must forward it to others.\r\n\r\n> \"When we say it's okay, it means it's not okay.\r\n> If we say I am fat, that means we hope you can tell us you're not fat at all.\"\r\n\r\nObviously it is a girl movie from a teenage girl's perspective narration. But as a movie fanatic, I never had any issues with such kind of movies or any others and to like them openly. Basically, I watch any movies because I want to be an all-rounder, not to stick to my age or what I'm. This movie simply reminds my school days and would do same to you as well. The school culture is different from European and North American to the rest of the world, especially in Asia. But if you're from South, Southeast or East Asian, you will get familiar feeling with this film and that will helps you to like the movie a lot.\r\n\r\nIn a few parts it lost its reality touch to, you know things that happen only in movies, especially as I said the ending and scenes that tried hard to bring laughs. You love this only for the flashback narration. The first and the last 5 minutes were ordinary. Everyone's performance was phenomenal, totally engaging storytelling. In this particular movie it was not about how much predictable, even if you feel deja-vu, but how it pleases you with those quirky atmosphere. A youthful Taiwanese film I liked very much since 'You Are the Apple of My Eye'. It does not look like it was made by an incoming director.\r\n\r\nThere were plenty of fun, but on the emotional side, it was slightly weak. But overall it was one of the best coming-of-age movie of all time and recently I have seen. It's already gained a cult status from youngsters that you can find fan made arts across the web. Don't give up on this if you are an adult or adult male, entertainment should be the preference and what comes beyond that is not your choice, but the natural response from your inside. Despite the length of the movie, it had an energetic pace with fine music and heartwarming scenes. In general, I recommend it to all, especially if you like teen romance.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [84111, 369553, 167786, 349498]}