{"tmdb_id": 354110, "title": "Forsaken", "original_title": "Forsaken", "slug_title": "forsaken", "date": "2015-09-16", "genre": "Drame / Western", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1872, John Henry Clayton, ancien tireur d'\u00e9lite, retourne dans sa ville natale de Fowler, dans le Wyoming, pour tenter de renouer les liens avec son p\u00e8re, le r\u00e9v\u00e9rend Clayton. Mais un bouleversement majeur est en cours, l'arriv\u00e9e d'une voie de chemin de fer dans cette petite ville tranquille. Un gang terrorise, alors, les fermiers qui refusent de vendre leurs terres. John Henry est le seul \u00e0 pouvoir les arr\u00eater, mais son p\u00e8re ne veut pas que son fils replonge dans une vie de violence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p2yKf73d1V68YvdAGXqE4AFNEWq.jpg", "actors": ["Demi Moore (Mary-Alice Watson)", "Kiefer Sutherland (John Henry Clayton)", "Donald Sutherland (Rev. Clayton)", "Brian Cox (James McCurdy)", "Siobhan Williams (Emily Chadwick)", "Michael Wincott (Dave Turner)", "Landon Liboiron (Will Pickard)", "Greg Ellis (Tom Watson)", "Wesley Morgan (Sam)", "Aaron Poole (Frank Tillman)", "Dylan Smith (Little Ned)", "Brock Morgan (James Cleary)", "Graeme Black (Hank Plummer)", "Tom Carey (George)", "Chris Ippolito (Bob Waters)", "David McNally (Mr.Harper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Sandy", "content": "Forsaken may have a few clich\u00e9s such as the long lost prodigal son who returns after many years to his father's homestead and the required showdown with the bad guys, but I enjoyed the movie and seeing Kiefer and Donald Sutherland together as father and son. Great to see Demi Moore again. I will happily watch it another day."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Traditional Treat.\r\n\r\nForsaken is directed by Jon Cassar and written by Brad Mirman. It stars Kiefer Sutherland, Donald Sutherland, Brian Cox, Michael Wincott, Aaron Poole and Demi Moore. Music is by Jonathan Goldsmith and cinematography by Rene Ohashi.\r\n\r\nThere's a group of words bandied around for this one such as generic, clich\u00e9 and formulaic, and most assuredly these can not be argued about. For this is very much an old style traditional Western, the plot featuring a retired gunslinger being pushed into action again - while he tries to reconcile with his estranged father - is a hard core staple of 1950s Westerns. But what is wrong with having a traditional Western in this day and age as long as it's produced with skill and grace? The answer for Western lovers is nothing at all.\r\n\r\nThis is a beautifully mounted picture, fronted by father and son Sutherland's - which adds heartfelt emotion to their scenes together - and boosted by gorgeous cinematography (making it a Blu-ray must), it's a genre piece of worth. Crucially it knows what it wants to be, it has no pretence to be anything other than a traditional Oater for lovers of such. The villains are sneery and scenery chewers - apart from Wincott who is a gentleman dandy type - and the good guy is wonderfully broody and reflective. Pacing is fine, the story has good drama and the finale excites as we hope it should.\r\n\r\nIn summary, nothing new here of course (except maybe Cox's out of place language!), so expectation of such would be foolhardy, but a smashing Western it be. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [291356, 362703, 333386, 359412]}