{"tmdb_id": 35412, "title": "Le Dernier Rivage", "original_title": "On the Beach", "slug_title": "le-dernier-rivage", "date": "1959-12-16", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "1964. Une guerre atomique a ravag\u00e9 presque toute l'h\u00e9misph\u00e8re nord de la plan\u00e8te. Un sous-marin am\u00e9ricain fait alors escale en Australie. Mais les retomb\u00e9es radioactives se rapprochent lentement...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lTDuj5zalrI0fpQel7UfPHTexTK.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Dwight Towers)", "Ava Gardner (Moira Davidson)", "Fred Astaire (Julian Osborn)", "Anthony Perkins (Lt. Peter Holmes)", "Donna Anderson (Mary Holmes)", "John Tate (Adm. Bridie)", "Guy Doleman (Lt. Cmdr. Farrel)", "John Meillon (Ralph Swain)", "Harp McGuire (Lt. Sunderstrom)", "Lola Brooks (Lt. Hosgood)", "Ken Wayne (Lt. Benson)", "Joe McCormick (Ackerman)", "Lou Vernon (Bill Davidson)", "Kevin Brennan (Dr. King)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Like watching paint dry.\r\n\r\nStanley Kramer and John Paxton adapt from Nevil Shute's novel. Gregory Peck, Ava Gardner, Fred Astaire, Anthony Perkins and Donna Anderson star, with music by Ernest Gold and cinematography by Giuseppe Rotunno.\r\n\r\nAfter a global nuclear war, the inhabitants of Australia realise that the radiation clouds are heading their way. A group of people try to come to terms with this fact.\r\n\r\nA well regarded film by the critics, and lauded by the makers at the time as an important and potent piece of cinema, On the Beach is still a film that's not for everyone.\r\n\r\nThe star appeal holds weight, though much of the narrative is tired and weary, trite and cheesy. In fact Shute himself was less than happy with what Kramer made of his literary source, the director in his element with a message movie.\r\n\r\nIf it was Kramer's intent to make the viewers also feel like what it's like waiting for death? Then he achieved it, while Gold's overuse of Waltzing Matilda in his musical score also ends up boring the senses. 4/10"}, {"pseudo": "Frank", "content": "Well acted story with an obvious anti-war theme, written during the cold war provided an interesting portrayal of how different people may react facing  impending doom. Fearful, Angry, Fatalistic.\r\nIt developed feelings for the characters as they dealt with the situation each in their own way. \r\nOverall, at the end, there was a sadness that prevailed and led one to contemplate the possibility of this occurring. That is the success of the film and the book that inspired it, to create an atmosphere against nuclear war. I saw this film in the 1960's and enjoyed it immensely and read the book because of it. Watching it again as an adult I understood it with a \r\ndifferent point of view and enjoyed it more.\r\nfor what it is worth, I would recommend this film highly, not only for the great story, but also to enjoy the performance of truly talented professionals."}], "recommandations_id": [3596, 15497, 502, 15876], "youtube_key": "Awm50kJQeeI"}