{"tmdb_id": 354885, "title": "Merry Riana: Mimpi Sejuta Dolar", "original_title": "Merry Riana: Mimpi Sejuta Dolar", "slug_title": "merry-riana-mimpi-sejuta-dolar", "date": "2014-12-24", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Merry Riana (Chelsea Islan) who just graduated from high school is forced to flee to Singapore because of social riots. The trip to the airport is not safe. They are confronted by swarms of looters and forced off their belongings for safety. At the airport, Merry\u2019s parent (Ferry Salim & Cyntia Lamusu) sell what is attached to their body, but only able to buy one ticket for Merry.  Merry arrives in Singapore alone. With the sum of money to buy food that will run out five times, she has to find somewhere to stay and survive. From social media she finds her friend Irene (Kimberly Ryder) who is also going to college. With the help of Irene, Merry find a gap in the rules which are so strict and Singapore. She is not only allowed to stay in the dorm, she passes the selection examination and is received at one of the best universities. But, it can only be obtained if Merry pay $ 40,000.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUMVNidvWhKgdK8trmgadwOALAt.jpg", "actors": ["Chelsea Islan (Merry Riana)", "Dion Wiyoko (Alfa)", "Kimberly Ryder (Irene Lee)", "Cynthia Lamusu (Merry Riana's Mother)", "Ferry Salim (Merry Riana's father)", "Niniek L. Karim (Miss Noor)", "Mike Lucock (Success Forever Office Manager)", "Tuti Mentari (Women who playing old violin)", "Selen Fernandes (Hars)", "Bella Garnier ()", "Merry Riana ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "MHqIvyVt4S0"}