{"tmdb_id": 355117, "title": "Fool's Gold: The Story Of The Brink's Mat Robbery", "original_title": "Fool's Gold: The Story Of The Brink's Mat Robbery", "slug_title": "fool-s-gold-the-story-of-the-brink-s-mat-robbery", "date": "1992-11-14", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A dramatized speculation of what happened in November 1983 when Micky McAvoy and some of his mates planned a heist and were surprised when they discovered they'd stumbled across a large stash of gold. But getting the gold away without getting caught is only the beginning of their troubles. Realizing the riches the gold represents is difficult, and honor among thieves may only be a myth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/spfFv5XkhsYpH8uPh5Az2jRRko1.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Bean (Micky McAvoy)", "Larry Lamb (Kenneth Noye)", "Trevor Byfield (Jimmy Kimpton)", "Brian Croucher (Brian Robinson)", "Rob Spendlove (Coles)", "David Cardy (Tony Black)", "Sharon Maiden (Jackie McAvoy)", "George Jackos (The Brother)", "Stephen Frost (Bernie Clarke)", "John Labanowski (Speed)", "Ron Aldridge (Roach)", "Michael Redfern (Det. Chief Supt. Brian Boyce)", "Eve Bland (Kathy)", "Ronald Nunnery (Georgie Bishop)", "Brendan Coyle (Det. Sgt. Benwell)", "Linda Regan (Brenda Noye)", "Iain Rattray (Det. Insp. Glendenning)", "Frank Harper (Brother's Minder)", "Dean Harris (Det. Constable John Fordham)", "Jeremy Child (Dep. Asst. Com. Brian Worth)", "Christopher Adamson (Winchester Warder)", "Paul Gregory (Barrister)", "Martin Herdman (Fenton)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}