{"tmdb_id": 355277, "title": "N\u00e9s en Chine", "original_title": "Born in China", "slug_title": "nes-en-chine", "date": "2016-08-12", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Sur les terres sauvages de l'Empire du Milieu, les destins de trois familles d'animaux s'entrecroisent : le Panda majestueux, l'astucieux Singe Dor\u00e9 et l'insaisissable Panth\u00e8re des Neiges.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iFuWcLe0oOolZuNPuGgORqYVC3R.jpg", "actors": ["John Krasinski (Narrator: American version (voice))", "Zhou Xun (Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Raising up a child in the wild, ain't an easy task.**\r\n\r\nThe common tern we all have heard is 'made in china'. Thankfully, it is not about that cheap thing. It's about those beautiful, magnificent creatures born in those regions. Well, I've not seen many documentaries set in that place. So I was happy to watch it, but wasn't that excited as I do for any Disney films. It was the next destination for DisneyNature after venturing in Sri Lanka for 'Monkey Kingdom'. The tenth film. If you are a DisneyNature fan, brace yourself for the wild adventure.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of one of the most uneasy war films I've ever watched, 'The City of Life and Death'. That's the best, as well as the worst decision the DisneyNature had made. He's the best choice since the documentary is about china's wildlife. He knows his nation well than any western filmmakers. The production quality was top notch. But he did not understand the DisneyNature's way of filmmaking, if this film is not only made for Chinese audience.\r\n\r\nApart from those, it was quite an enjoyable flick. Little fun in the parts, as well as gets emotional towards the ending. From cranes to giant panda, monkeys, snow leopard and Tibetan antelope, the narration divides four ways. For every few minutes focusing on these creatures' families, the film reveals the story of their young ones from birth to growing to adult. Like how their mother dedicates to raise them, and the lessons they learn from their clan, as well as their own from their instinct. Then final the storytelling comes to halt when those youngsters set to begin their next stage of life.\r\n\r\n> \u275dThe joy a mother receives from raising a cub from birth, however... is worth a thousand farewells.\u275e\r\n\r\nFirst of all, you must understand the DisneyNature production type. If you know, well, that's good. But if you don't, then know that its products are targeted for little kids. Not like BBC, Nat Geo or any other nature documentaries that expose only reality. Here they identify the character and give a name, then create a story around it in the post production, that's similar to the human's for the kids to understand it better. Especially the harsh parts are trimmed out. Like Disney's fairy-tale, only you are going to witness them in the nature version without magics.\r\n\r\nI'm an adult, and I think it was an okay film. Not because what I stated in the previous paragraph, but I've been following DisneyNature films since its inception and this could be the least best one. I said the least best, not the worst. Tell me who would hate Disney films for being soft and touchy! Yep, only the grown ups do.\r\n\r\nVisually extraordinary, but not the story they have added to it. Narrated by John Krasinki. He did a good job as what they have told him to do. Though my issue is they were lying about everything. I don't think that's what the children should be learning. So on that perspective, this film is not for anyone above 9 years of age, otherwise it will be mislead. I prefer to show them BBC nature documentaries instead. Nonetheless, it is worth a watch once.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [454349, 481447, 383200, 466438]}