{"tmdb_id": 355571, "title": "A Dozen Summers", "original_title": "A Dozen Summers", "slug_title": "a-dozen-summers", "date": "2015-08-21", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two ordinary 12-year-olds finding their way through life in the 21st century. Oh, and they may have just hijacked a movie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r45lnUOAPMPN806sVYgXvfHACLz.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About the twin girls, a documentary-style feature film.**\r\n\r\nThis is a very unique film, at least the presentation, but the story was plain. More like a documentary film where it revolves around two twin sisters aged 12 and they decide to make their life as a film with a finger snapping whenever to alter the event whatever way they want. In the first two acts, it was an aimless narration. Like they are introducing us to their separated parents, friends, school and other activities. But the final act was different, now it has an agenda, it also reason for a new trouble to surface and how the tale ends from was told in the remaining.\r\n\r\nWritten, directed and starred by a father with his two daughters playing the lead roles. A small budget family film, quite beautifully made. Looks almost everybody had no experience, particularly the kids, but it does not look that bad. Don't expect something like a normal children's film, it was an experimental film and overall a decent one. It was a short film with sweet performances, so worth it if you are interesting. Other than that I won't suggest you to force yourself to watch this.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}