{"tmdb_id": 355688, "title": "Apoorvam Chilar", "original_title": "\u0d05\u0d2a\u0d42\u0d30\u0d4d\u200d\u0d35\u0d4d\u0d35\u0d02 \u0d1a\u0d3f\u0d32\u0d30\u0d4d\u200d", "slug_title": "apoorvam-chilar", "date": "1991-01-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Pathrose (Innocent) is a rich contractor who is a cunning manipulator. He's able to control the government machinery with bribes and favours with the help of his trusted servant Subramony (Jagadish). The only person who he is not able to turn however is Sankara Varyar (Jagathy) who is also his next door neighbour.  Marykutty (KPAC Lalitha) is Pathrose's husband and is a crude lady who is jealous of everyone. However their daughter Annie (Parvathy) is a simple girl who's very cordial with Varyar's family which includes Varyar's wife Sarojam (Kaviyoor Ponnamma) and son Dr. Suresh (Sai Kumar). Annie is in love with Suresh's friend Benny (Ganesh), but her parents wants her to marry someone else. Suresh promises to help Annie. Meanwhile on one side, Varyar's honesty is growing to be a bigger headache as each day passes for Pathrose.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hHePGWhO5riuZqxNHHfEgJxkCJd.jpg", "actors": ["Innocent (Pathros)", "Jagathy Sreekumar (Sankara Varyar)", "KPAC Lalitha (Marykutty)", "Parvathy (Annie)", "Kaviyoor Ponnamma (Sarojam)", "Jagadish (Subramanyan)", "Saikumar (Suresh)", "Ganesh Kumar (Benny)", "Mala Aravindan (Driver Mathukutty)", "Mamukkoya (Rajan)", "Usha (Hema)", "Manu Varma (Raju)", "Oduvil Unnikrishnan (TT Punnoos)", "Ashokan (Bobby Punnoos)", "Paravoor Bharathan (Krishnan Nair)", "T. P. Madhavan (Chandran)", "Bobby Kottarakkara (Work Supervisor)", "Valsala Menon (Dr. Saramma)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}