{"tmdb_id": 355890, "title": "Jane Wants a Boyfriend", "original_title": "Jane Wants a Boyfriend", "slug_title": "jane-wants-a-boyfriend", "date": "2015-11-11", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "A young woman with Asperger's tries to find her first boyfriend with a little help from her older sister.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1bHQn5PA4XRYxb934oo0AB2G3gp.jpg", "actors": ["Louisa Krause (Jane)", "Gabriel Ebert (Jack)", "Eliza Dushku (Bianca)", "Polly Draper (Mom)", "Amir Arison (Rob)", "Jon Bass (Steve)", "Lindsay Arber (Peaseblossom)", "Franco Gonzalez (Jose)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Letting it go.**\r\n\r\nThis is like the US version of 'Gabrielle'. About a young woman with Asperger syndrome, trying to date, despite mixed support from her family. This is a cool film. One of the best of its kind. Because this is not the first to explore on such theme. Yeah, they all kind of look the same, but in a different scenario with different syndromes that I even did not know its existence. An unusual romance-drama that focused on as what the director says, 'everyone is worthy of love'.\r\n\r\nThe Jane who has just turned 25, still living with her parents and overprotected by her sister. A big fan of classic romance films and now she decided to take control of her own life. Her interest in having a boyfriend is a good sign for her family, particularly her parents who are moving away. But her sister comes as a big obstacle, especially when she finally found someone interested in her. Which leads to fight back, and how her efforts pays off that comes in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\n> \u275dI've been so focused on the person you were that I wasn't seeing the person you've become.\u275e\r\n\r\nAn indie film, a crowd funded film. A wonderful screenplay and the direction. There were no blank spaces, they all filled with the fine events. Even I liked the pace and the length of the film. But I liked the casting very much. That's the best happened to it. The title role, Jane was awesomely played the actress. Like the saying 'every dog has its day', this was her spotlight and she shined like a rainbow on the summer. Her sister role as well by Eliza Dushku was great, so the remaining cast.\r\n\r\nYou know most of the story, but how it progresses on its own style was the key to its success. This is not just about Asperger syndrome, but like any family who have had a hard time letting it go after coming to realise their position. It was not exactly a romance film you would expect. Because romance was the least focused part, except the initiation for the rest film, which was built on that platform. With the influence of romance, the story takes off from there till the last.\r\n\r\nOne of the year's best and a must see independent film. The target audience is the families, but very much suitable for all ages. There's no way it could have been better. Only if some other filmmakers, film productions attempted it, they would have altered to their style of filmmaking. Otherwise the core of the theme remains the same. With the least known actors and the crew, this is not some film, but a fine film, an appreciable effort. This is an under-noticed film, as well as underrated. It needs your uplift, so don't turn it down.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "7edGA343DGo"}