{"tmdb_id": 356161, "title": "Phantom Boy", "original_title": "Phantom Boy", "slug_title": "phantom-boy", "date": "2015-10-14", "genre": ["Animation / Fantastique / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 New York, un myst\u00e9rieux homme d\u00e9figur\u00e9 blesse Alex, un inspecteur de police lanc\u00e9 \u00e0 ses trousses. Immobilis\u00e9 \u00e0 l\u2019h\u00f4pital, Alex fait la rencontre de L\u00e9o, un gar\u00e7on de onze ans qui poss\u00e8de la facult\u00e9 de sortir de son corps. Comme un fant\u00f4me, invisible de tous, il s\u2019envole et passe \u00e0 travers les murs. Le gangster d\u00e9figur\u00e9 menace la ville avec un virus informatique. Gr\u00e2ce aux pouvoirs extraordinaires de l\u2019enfant, Alex reprend son enqu\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pSsF27YqzoeaGDnitTsXCyl2LlT.jpg", "actors": ["Audrey Tautou (Mary Delauney (voice))", "Jean-Pierre Marielle (The Man with the Broken Face (voice))", "Edouard Baer (Alex Tanguy (voice))", "Jackie Berroyer (The Mole (voice))", "Gaspard Gagnol (L\u00e9o (voice))", "Noa Bernaoui Savreux (Titi (voice))", "Patrick Ridremont (The Nervous Little Man / The Safecracker / The Exterminator (voice))", "Patrick Descamps (The Giant (voice))", "Yves Barbaut (Police Commissioner Simon (voice))", "Philippe Peythieu (The Mayor / Dino (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The supernatural 'eye in the sky'.**\r\n\r\nFrom the directors of 'A Cat in Paris', but this film set in New York City that narrates the story of a boy with an extraordinary power. If you had liked that film, you probably would like it as well, but a little lesser. Except this is not about the art of theft, but a cop trying to catch a most dangerous criminal. It is so weird to see the New York turned into kind of a province of France as everybody in this speak French, but expected it as it's a French film.\r\n\r\nA very interesting storyline. The characters were well designed and developed. But most of the film was focused on the boy, the cop and the main villain with a dog's perspective. There's a little part of a reporter as well. So I think it should have been called 'A Dog in New York', but the dog is on the wrong side where the most of the story was narrated from. The theme was not fresh, but the way they used to tell the tale makes all the difference. I mean you can compare it to 'If I Stay' kind of plenty of other films. Except it turned into a crime-thriller.\r\n\r\nA young boy named Leo, who is hospitalised for the serious illness, has a special power to leave his body and take an invisible form, and come back again safely within some time frame. On the other side an honest cop trying to hunt down a criminal who is threatening the peace of the city gets a backlash after met with an accident. Now the cop and the boy join the hands to thwart the villain's latest attempt to bring disruption. The mission was not planned well, so how they fight the crime and its result brings to an end to the film.\r\n\r\n> \"I'm not hungry. It's a shame because my dad's pasta is the best in the world.\"\r\n\r\nThis is a PG film, that means it's aimed for all the ages. But particularly for the grown ups, there's nothing much to enjoy other than cool presentation. That does not mean for all the grown ups. The sketches and the animation technics were same as the previous film. They tried to reach bigger audience worldwide from the success of their previous film, but seems not achieved that goal. As the film had many great features like the characters and the story, they have fallen short to surpass as an overall film. Even anytime I would pick 'A Cat in Paris' over this, but that does not make this one's a bad film.\r\n\r\nIt kind of looks like the supernatural version of 'Eye in the Sky'. I'm not talking about the actual film, but the concept of drones to watch over the criminal activity. In here the boy acts as the main communication device. He who one day wants to be a cop, helps to solve the crime. I think the end should have been a little better. Especially from the boy's perspective about how his tale ends were very intentional. Perhaps a bit of emotions at the end would have given a better result.\r\n\r\nI advertise the 2D animations too much on my blog whenever I review them, because they are rapidly fading away art. So my big thanks to those production houses and the filmmakers who still believe in it. If you are an animation film fan, you will enjoy it, no matter you loved it or not at the end. In a simple way to say, it is a fine film for the families with kids aged ten or under. It might look like a typical detective film, but entertaining with a few good moments. So check it out if you get a chance to access it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [371266, 110054, 451329, 261359], "youtube_key": "1fqr5dYRf8k"}