{"tmdb_id": 356156, "title": "My Love story !!!", "original_title": "\u4ffa\u7269\u8a9e\uff01\uff01", "slug_title": "my-love-story", "date": "2015-10-31", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Takeo G\u00f4da et Makoto Sunakawa sont amis d'enfance, malgr\u00e9 leur grande diff\u00e9rence sur le plan physique et psychologique. Le premier dissimule une grande sensibilit\u00e9 derri\u00e8re un corps imposant et tombe facilement amoureux sans succ\u00e8s car toutes les filles qu'il a aim\u00e9es lui ont pr\u00e9f\u00e8r\u00e9 un de ses amis, tandis que le second est d'une grande beaut\u00e9 mais reste indiff\u00e9rent face aux passions qu'il d\u00e9cha\u00eene. Un jour, Takeo intervient dans le m\u00e9tro pour prot\u00e9ger une jeune fille, Rinko Yamato, des attouchements d'un pervers. Celle-ci multiplie les gestes de gratitude \u00e0 son encontre mais fait preuve d'un certain embarras en sa pr\u00e9sence, que Takeo attribue au fait qu'elle aussi soit certainement tomb\u00e9e amoureuse de Makoto. Cependant, il semblerait que, cette fois-ci, ce soit Takeo qui soit l'objet du coup de foudre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mI3MTDWUqkLc7v4bnz2UjLddz63.jpg", "actors": ["Ryohei Suzuki (Takeo Gouda)", "Mei Nagano (Rinko Yamato)", "Kentaro Sakaguchi (Makoto Sunakawa)", "Yasufumi Terawaki (Takeo's father)", "Sawa Suzuki (Takeo's mother)", "Kentaro Ito (Kurihara)", "Ryo Shinoda (Nobu)", "Mao Nakagawa ()", "Tsukushi Suzuki ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> An extra large size love and food story.\r\n\r\nIt is an excitement to explore the world films, but I'm always happy to end up in a Japanese film, because it is one of the language, people and culture I adore a lot. Followed by a success of the television anime series, this live-action film was made in which both were based on a manga series of the same name. Other than that there's no connection between the film and the series.\r\n\r\nA good manga book can make a perfect anime film or a series, because they both share a similar visual illustration. Surprisingly, this film managed to narrate as good as the anime does and this is not the first time to achieve such treat, but surely it is one of those to successfully transform a manga into a live-action.\r\n\r\nThe main character Takeo Goda was just like the Shrek. Like bigger, taller, stronger and scarier as well, but inside, he's a tender hearted, except this story does not take place in a world where magic exists. When I heard about the film and its storyline, I was praying for not to be another 'Big Man Japan' or like the Hulk kind of physical transformation. I'm relieved after watching it, and ended up liking it more than what my initial anticipation was. It looks more a fictional creation, but this thing happens in the real world as well, except those comical characters.\r\n\r\nAn unusual high school love story, but it all begins with two think friends. One is a very fine looking boy adored by all the girls in the school and the other one is not so good looking Takeo who steps in if anybody is in a trouble and takes no credits for it. In a such event while rescuing a girl over eve teasing incident, he finds the victim very beautiful. Later they three becomes very close and over their daily meeting, Takeo begins to fall for her despite his friend and her making progress. So the rest of the film reveals all the development between them and concluding the narration with a cute little cliched twist.\r\n\r\n> \"A person's heart... Why can't we move it the way we want to? Even though it's our own heart... It doesn't listen to what I say! I wonder if it's because I'm stupid?\"\r\n\r\nFeels like a typical Japanese comedy with a unique idea, but the scenes were better if not makes it you go for a loud laugh. I confess that I did not laugh much, but surely I enjoyed every bit of it. That's the difference between having a good time, laughing and depressed over a film. It is a food film as well, but I did not realise until the final act.\r\n\r\nI recently saw the first season of the Amazon's 'Just Add Magic' which is about the recipes for making a food that delivers wish (magic) and this film as well without magic in it tells how to impress the one you love and them to fall for you. It is not just a comedy, it was also a cute and sentimental romance, that specially aimed for the teen audience.\r\n\r\nIt was a good balance in the theme and its contents. Because of having a physically strong character, the film did not go for a full exposure. Either be it the karate championship or the amusement part disaster scenes, it evolved smartly with obviously a comical relief. Feels silly for the film characters not to disclose their feelings to each other. But it helped a simple love story to be a complicated love triangle. The actors were very cool, especially the one in the Takeo's role and then the girl with her heartbroken expression throughout the film.\r\n\r\nThere was a post credit scene, a funny way to finish it off. Now I'm thinking whether there will be a sequel or not. Because with a concept like this, definitely would come close to the original if that does not overtake it. It was not a very clever as you would have wanted, but a good entertainer as it promised in its trailer. I don't know the domestic release film rating, but I think it is somewhat PG, so it can be enjoyed by all despite a high school centric theme. I recommend it to everybody, though, remember some of you won't go to love it as much as I did, that does not mean I'm wrong, but we're different. Overall, it is definitely worth a watch and I won't deny that.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}