{"tmdb_id": 356298, "title": "Don't Think Twice", "original_title": "Don't Think Twice", "slug_title": "don-t-think-twice", "date": "2016-07-22", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Au moment m\u00eame o\u00f9 une troupe d'observation perd son local, un de ses membres d\u00e9croche une apparition dans la plus grosse \u00e9mission de t\u00e9l\u00e9vision...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wk95hhQtASvNT6M6NjEFOfetq90.jpg", "actors": ["Keegan-Michael Key (Jack)", "Gillian Jacobs (Samantha)", "Mike Birbiglia (Miles)", "Kate Micucci (Allison)", "Chris Gethard (Bill)", "Tami Sagher (Lindsay)", "Maggie Kemper (Liz)", "Seth Barrish (Timothy)", "Erin Darke (Natasha)", "Brian Edwards (Bouncer)", "Elise Edwards (Improv Intern)", "DeWitt Fleming Jr. (Subway Bucket Drummer)", "Sondra James (Bonnie)", "Brandon Scott Jones (Guy Looking for Apartment)", "Jordan Kenneth Kamp (Audience Member 3)", "Lena Dunham (Herself)", "Ben Stiller (Himself)", "Pete Holmes (Himself)", "Adam Pally (Robert)", "Sunita Mani (Amy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Just spit it out whatever comes to your mind!**\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Sleepwalk with Me', another similar kind of theme, but this time a little bigger that concerns a group of people. The film was focused on the members of an improv troupe called the Commune. They are not the big shots, but everything was going well with their performances. Soon the Commune begins to fall apart when one of the member decides to try on his luck in a bigger platform. Slows the troupe loses its charm and what is its future was told on the later parts.\r\n\r\nI can't say it is overrated, but I did not find it funny or entertaining. The story of the film characters, like how they fall apart and how they try fix it was very interesting. Like it said in the film, the comedies looked funny, but it was not. Honestly, I did not get that improv part. Maybe because that is an American thing, I'm totally not into it, in fact, I came to know it with this film only. For me it is an average film, so I don't know I can suggest it to anybody. But who knows, you might like it better than me.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [341012, 342521, 352695, 376261]}