{"tmdb_id": 35717, "title": "Pola X", "original_title": "Pola X", "slug_title": "pola-x", "date": "1999-05-12", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Pierre vit avec sa m\u00e8re dans un ch\u00e2teau en Normandie \u00e0 proximit\u00e9 des bords de la Seine. Ils sont beaux, riches, insouciants et ils s'aiment. Chaque matin, Pierre part avec la moto herit\u00e9e de son p\u00e8re rendre visite \u00e0 Lucie, sa fianc\u00e9e. Une nuit, Marie annonce \u00e0 Pierre qu'elle a fix\u00e9 la date de son mariage avec Lucie. Pierre part annoncer la bonne nouvelle \u00e0 sa fianc\u00e9e. En chemin, au bord de la for\u00eat, appara\u00eet une cr\u00e9ature d'une beaut\u00e9 fun\u00e8bre. Elle parle avec un fort accent des pays de l'Est : \"Pierre... tu n'es pas le seul enfant, je suis ta soeur, Isabelle.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/KGDW4BqDurIunizJE7zRuVjFca.jpg", "actors": ["Guillaume Depardieu (Pierre)", "Yekaterina Golubeva (Isabelle)", "Catherine Deneuve (Marie)", "Delphine Chuillot (Lucie)", "Laurent Lucas (Thibault)", "\u0160ar\u016bnas Bartas (The Chief)", "Till Lindemann (Musician)", "Christoph Schneider (Musician)", "Markus Kirschbaum (Musician)", "Khireddine Medjoubi (Caf\u00e9 owner)", "Miguel Yeco (Augusto)", "Bill Callahan (Musician)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "When Leos Carax's film POLA X premiered in 1999, it was seen then as part of the New French Extremity movement, with critics and audiences picking up on its unsimulated sex scene. Yet that forms only a brief few minutes of quite ample film. Two decades on, audiences of today ought to look past the sensation and appreciate the film for what it really has to offer: a convincing contemporary take on Hermann Meville's psychological novel PIERRE, and the way Carax interweaves Melville's structure of 19th-century wealthy elites with harrowing references to contemporary France, Bosnia and the plight of Balkan refugees.\r\n\r\nThe son of a deceased diplomat of some note, Pierre (Guillaume Depardieu) lives in splendor in rural France, in a manor house with his widowed mother (Catherine Deneuve). Things are going well for young Pierre: a novel he has written has become a bestseller and he is engaged to the lovely Lucie (Delphine Chuillot). But then he encounters a mysterious woman named Isabelle (Yekaterina Golubeva) who tells him in broken French that she is his half-sister, born to Pierre's diplomat father and an unknown Balkan woman. Isabelle is in fact less a character and more a spectral presence that haunts Pierre's life. Intrigued by this otherworldly creature, Pierre gives up his privileged existence and enters into a vividly depicted bohemianism that brings about his physical and mental decline.\r\n\r\nPOLA X prefers to tell its story more through visceral images than dialogue. In fact, the dialogue is deliberately stilted, allowing the film to dip in and out of its basis in Melville\u2019s 19th-century novel. So much of the story of Pierre's decline is told through the bucolic idyll of the first half of the film and the brutal squalor he later chooses. This imagery is so strong that even if POLA X feels somewhat too tentative about itself to rank as one of the all-time greatest films, it has haunted this viewer's thoughts since watching it.\r\n\r\nAnother nice touch of POLA X is the close way in which Carax worked with the composer of the film's score Scott Walker, who was then fresh from his acclaimed album TILT. When Pierre leaves home after meeting Isabelle, he enters into a bizarre community of artists in an industrial setting, who seem to be hiding sinister plans behind their avant-garde work. It is here that Walker's score goes from the subdued strings of the first half of the film into brasher, more aggressive sounds. Carax has set things up so this music is both diegetic and non-diegetic, part of the outside narration of Pierre's psychological decline and contemporary political strife as much as the film's action itself."}], "recommandations_id": [207772, 78117, 150707, 88030]}