{"tmdb_id": 357255, "title": "French Toast", "original_title": "French Toast", "slug_title": "french-toast", "date": "2015-08-03", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Photographer Lise le Roux lives with her father on a wine farm near Stellenbosch. Her mother passed away some time ago, leaving a secret French toast family recipe behind as a symbol of her legacy. One day, Lise stumbles upon her mother s old diary and, to her astonishment, finds out that she has a sibling somewhere in France. Despite the fact that Theo, her father's right-hand winemaker, is about to propose, Lise travels to Paris to find the truth.  She meets a French chef, Jean-Pierre Baptiste, who's in need of a photographer for his new cookbook. Lise accepts the assignment, provided that he returns the favour by helping her track her long lost sibling. As they explore the city, Jean-Pierre s expressive personality slowly unravels Lise s reserved disposition. Her life starts transforming into a palette of new tastes, textures, colours and emotions.  Will Lise eventually find the truth that she hoped would set her free?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jgCodq6I5Re7ms1SYJYnb5VdXMx.jpg", "actors": ["Lika Berning (Lise le Roux)", "Thierry Ballarin (Jean-Pierre Baptiste)", "Deon Lotz (Izak le Roux)", "Helene Lombard (Ellen van der Merwe)", "Paul du Toit (Theo Human)", "Roberta Fox (Anna Baptiste)", "Trudi Conradie (Babette Baptiste)", "Rod Alexander (Paul Baptiste)", "Lochner De Kock (Alexandre du Bois (Old))", "Tony Caprari (Jeweler)", "Willemien Rust (Aimee)", "Diani Gernandt (Marion)", "Anel van der Merwe (Mia-Marie)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "uo-EO3toOeo"}