{"tmdb_id": 357434, "title": "G\u00e9ronimo", "original_title": "Geronimo", "slug_title": "geronimo", "date": "1993-12-05", "genre": "Guerre / Western", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire de Geronimo, rebelle apache qui fut arr\u00eat\u00e9 le 5 septembre 1886 avec une trentaine de ses compagnons au Canyon of the Skeletons en Arizona. Pour arriver \u00e0 ce resultat, l'arm\u00e9e americaine avait deploy\u00e9 pas moins de cinq mille de ses hommes, soit le quart de ses forces.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9VlVTfNSNZGdUjoad0vqlrNNi1S.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Runningfox (Geronimo)", "August Schellenberg (Cochise)", "Eddie Spears (Ishkiye)", "Cody Lightning (Young Daklugie)", "Michael Greyeyes (Juh)", "Michelle St. John ()", "Tailinh Agoyo (Alope)", "Kimberly Guerrero ()", "Jimmy Herman (Old Geronimo)", "Geno Silva (Gen. Carbinsco)", "Harrison Lowe (Nana)", "Lusheia Lenaburg (Nandile)", "Jonothon Gill (Nosopo)", "Mark Brien (Chihuahua)", "Adan Sanchez (Adjuntant)", "Brian Frejo (Cadet Daklugie)", "Edward Estrada (Niache)", "Rick Taylor (Sgt. Horton)", "George Dobbs (Wratten)", "Chesley Wilson (Singer of Songs)", "Doreen Seaton (Alope's mother)", "Jonathan Abel (Gen. West)", "Jon Proudstar (Zuni warrior)", "Mark Bustamante (Petrified soldier)", "Casey Camp-Horinek (Goyahkla's mother)", "Nick Young (Purlington)", "Andrew Mora (Kayitah)", "Jessica Cruz (Ketsu)", "Ray Geer (Theodore Roosevelt)", "Eugene Montes (Sgt. Ortiz)", "Annie Olson (Mrs. Roosevelt)", "Christopher Gipson (Reporter)", "David Dempsay (Assassin)", "Steve Gates (Parade organizer)", "Glen Gold (Peabody)", "Michael F. Woodson (Autograph man)", "Sam Smiley (Sergeant-at-Arms)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Some say that his name can be heard when the wind blows.\r\n\r\nWhen his family is slaughtered by Mexican troops, an Apache brave chooses a path that would make him known as one of the most feared warriors in history. His name? Geronimo. \r\n\r\nIt's still an annoyance to many that we have yet to get a truly on the money big screen biography film about Geronimo. How ironic, then, that the best film about the man is a TV film, one with an average budget and one filming with largely unknown actors - many of whom are actually Native Americans. \r\n\r\nThis take is more of an origin story, taking us into his life and dealing with the events that would lead to him becoming the most sought after warrior during the Indian Wars. The pic addresses some forgotten facts missed by Hollywood, like involving the Mexican army in how his life was shaped, and how they behaved in the first instance. His rise to mythical - ghost like - status is covered, and covered by 3 different actors during the stages of his life, building up to the pained scenario that would see him give himself up to the American government and all that nasty business that would follow. \r\n\r\nIt's authentically told and portrayed, with the location filming (Tuscon, Arizona) also aiding the earthy appeal of it all. And while it lacks a high quotient of the blood and thunder one might expect from a film with this subject matter, the integrity and all round humanisation of the subjects marks it out as an honest pic worthy of seeking out. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}