{"tmdb_id": 357865, "title": "Ministry Of Sound: Pump It Up! The Ultimate Dance Workout", "original_title": "Ministry Of Sound: Pump It Up! The Ultimate Dance Workout", "slug_title": "ministry-of-sound-pump-it-up-the-ultimate-dance-workout", "date": "2004-12-27", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "'Pump It Up - The Ultimate Dance Workout' mixes dance music with aerobic exercise. Shot on the same location as the video for Eric Prydz's 'Call On Me' the DVD features routines demonstrated and choreographed by Deanne Berry - the beautiful instructor in the music video. Accompanied by 7 of the girls from the video Deanne goes through a warm-up, 3 dance workouts and a chill-out cool-down.  Tracklist:  1. Call On Me - Eric Prydz 2. Stand Back - Linus Loves 3. Pump It Up - Danzel 4. Let The Sunshine - Milk &amp; Sugar 5. Do You Know - Angel 6. Every Little Time - Onyx 7. Somebody To Love - Boogie Pimps 8. Sunshine After The Rain - Bel Air feat. Lisa 9. Loneliness - Tomcraft 10. Pasilda - Afro Medusa 11. Satisfaction - Benny Benassi 12. Get Up, Stand Up - Stellar Project feat. Brandi Emma 13. Rapture (Soulside Mix) - Ilo 14. Get It On - Intenso Project feat. Lisa Scott-Lee 15. Heaven (Candelight Mix) - DJ Sammy 16. Deepest Blue (Jon Hopkin Mix) - Deepest Blue 17. American Dream - Jakatta", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vo7HV0MQJ83Tp9nLzfDlGheyhg9.jpg", "actors": ["Deanne Berry (Instructor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "VZOBUtysoTU"}