{"tmdb_id": 358551, "title": "Sexual Assault at a Hotel", "original_title": "Hotel kyosei waisetsu jiken: okashite!", "slug_title": "sexual-assault-at-a-hotel", "date": "1977-06-04", "genre": ["Horreur / Drame"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "The lovely Ryoko is attending a Japanese University on an exchange program. She\u2019s pretty, vulnerable, shy and full of mysterious secrets. Meeting up with her long-time friend Rumiko, Ryoko shuns her aggressive lesbian advances by saying she\u2019s still a virgin. Rumiko is surprised at this revelation and, over the next few days, she takes Ryoko on a series of misadventures to help her with her sexual awakening. One night, after a booze and pill filled evening, a man breaks into their room and sexually assaults both women in a shockingly violent sequence. When the mysterious man\u2019s identity is revealed, the film takes a crazy downward spiral into madness, death, and weird occult rituals. Watch for the eye-opening sequences with an Asahi beer bottle! What a product placement!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9GxOMgrF1sN307xtP3L644DBaoj.jpg", "actors": ["Erina Miyai (Rumiko Takatsuka)", "Yuri Yamashina (Ryoko In'nami)", "Eimei Esumi (Hondo)", "Jun Aki (Chiaki Shimamura)", "Hiroshi Ch\u00f4 (Prof. Mikumo)", "Tatsuya Hamaguchi (Tatsuhiko Hayasaka)", "Hidetoshi Kageyama (Taichi Ishimaru)", "Toshihiko Oda (Joji Yonehara)", "Yoko Oyagi (Hayasaka's Wife)", "Kunio Shimizu (Yuichi Murotani)", "Keisuke Yukioka (Mr. Tsubaki)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}