{"tmdb_id": 35852, "title": "Obsession", "original_title": "Obsession", "slug_title": "obsession", "date": "1949-08-03", "genre": "Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "L'\u00e9pouse de Dr Clive Riordan, \"Storm\", rentre une nuit en compagnie d'un diplomate am\u00e9ricain, Bill Kronin. Riordan, obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par la jalousie, d\u00e9cide d'assassiner son plus r\u00e9cent rival et projette, comme seul un psychiatre le ferait, non seulement de tuer Bill, mais de commettre le crime parfait dans le processus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1oHrvT4nAjGeRkxO2jhqbvmoVoq.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Newton (Dr. Clive Riordan)", "Phil Brown (Bill Kronin)", "Sally Gray (Storm Riordan)", "Naunton Wayne (Supt. Finsbury)", "James Harcourt (Aitkin (butler))", "Betty Cooper (Miss Stevens (receptionist))", "Michael Balfour (American sailor)", "Ronald Adam (Clubman)", "Roddy Hughes (Clubman)", "Allan Jeayes (Clubman)", "Olga Lindo (Mrs. Humphries)", "Russell Waters (Flying Squad detective)", "Lyonel Watts (Clubman (as Lionel Watts))", "Sam Kydd (Club steward)", "Stanley Baker (Policeman (uncredited))", "C.M. Pennington-Richards (Bit part (uncredited))", "Ernest Clark  ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Man's Best Friend. \r\n\r\nObsession (AKA: The Hidden Room) is directed by Edward Dmytryk and adapted to screenplay by Alec Coppel from his own book and play. It stars Robert Newton, Phil Brown, Sally Gray and Naunton Wayne. Music is by Nino Rota and cinematography by C.M. Pennington-Richards. \r\n\r\nFinally having had enough of his wife's affair with a young lover, Dr. Clive Riordan (Newton) plots a devilish scheme of kidnap and murder...\r\n\r\nThe motive that drives the plot of Obsession is simple in the extreme, this is out and out a revenge for infidelity, but the presentation by Dmytryk is superbly crafty in that Hitchcockian way. The doctor is a most elegant and calm man, he has the perfect murder in mind for his wife's lover (Brown) and he, being a purveyor of psychological smarts, is going to enjoy the luxury of methodically taunting his prey over a period of time. \r\n\r\nWith the man ingeniously incarcerated down in a bombed out abode, and subjected to daily visits from the doctor, Dr. Clive is then seen going about his normal routines. Exchanging brandy sips with cultural chatter in the gentleman's club, swatting away the attentions of his increasingly fraught wife (Gray), and of course dealing with the close attentions of Scotland Yard; here in the form of Naunton Wayne's astute Superintendent Finsbury. The \"good\" doctor even has plenty of time to indulge in his love of model train set construction. \r\n\r\nThe initial plot machinations are slowly paced by the recently blacklisted director, but it's a deliberate ploy since the whole complexion of the movie changes once the kidnap occurs and the police and the press become involved. The atmosphere becomes tense, and this even as captor and captive enjoy some straight backed - prim and proper - verbal exchanges. There's a meticulousness to the murder based thematics that strike a chord, the mention of Crippen and obvious nods to John George Haigh keep the film buzzing with real life serial killer atrocities. \r\n\r\nThere's a case to be made here that this is Dmytryk's best British film? Certainly his ability to build suspense without histrionics or blood letting is a masterclass in Brit thriller staging. While his directing of Newton and Wayne, both of whom are excellent, is also worthy of a pat on the back. Visually it's straight black and white photography, except for the odd time we are out on the wet cobbled streets and the gaslights ooze the ethereal. But although there's some debate about if it deserves film noir status, I personally feel it's the sort of crime/thriller mounted with enough skill to make it worth seeking out by the film noir loving crowd. \r\n\r\nSome of the support turns are stiff, but mercifully not film harming, while you do have to accept that the locale of the crime is hardly water tight and most likely would have been found with ease. But minor itches be damned, this is cunning, crafty and a British chiller of some worth. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36335, 42678, 37504, 45679]}