{"tmdb_id": 358895, "title": "Being Charlie", "original_title": "Being Charlie", "slug_title": "being-charlie", "date": "2015-09-14", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Intern\u00e9 dans une clinique pour faire face \u00e0 son addiction \u00e0 la drogue, Charlie rencontre Eva, une jeune femme aussi perdue que lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iYr2MGPOCNiTF5IzrO6ZmoMKbSH.jpg", "actors": ["Nick Robinson (Charlie Mills)", "Common (Travis)", "Cary Elwes (David Mills)", "Devon Bostick (Adam)", "Morgan Saylor (Eva)", "Susan Misner (Liseanne Mills)", "Ricardo Chavira (Drake)", "Jared Shipley (Jared)", "Christopher Robin Miller (Gale)", "Aubrey Reynolds (Stacey Chapman)", "Charles Halford (Harry)", "David H. Stevens (Paul)", "Karli Hall (Viv)", "Daisy Piedra (Rosie)", "Christy Summerhays (Female Staffer)", "Richard Sharrah (Staffer #2)", "Susan Dolan Stevens (Dr. Karen Ainsley)", "Julie-Anne Liechty (Cindy)", "Tiffani DiGregorio (Rita)", "Nathan Stevens (Chris)", "Andy Fernuik (Thaniel)", "Erik Aud\u00e9 (Staffer #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A journey from from one rehab centre to another!**\r\n\r\nThere are some films from this director I liked, I consider them my favourites, but this is an average film. I always like his film story lines and characters, something better than what other filmmakers fails to do. This is another interesting theme and this time it was about the drug addiction. The story of a guy named Charlie, who just turned 18 and being released from a rehab camp for underage people. But his father who runs for the governor wants him to go for adult's rehab right away. He does not want to, but after no other option, he joins and meets a troubled girl Eva. A little romance blooms and followed by how it all ends bring a full stop to the narration.\r\n\r\nLooks a good theme, but the purpose was confusing. Of course, the drugs related issues, especially the film focused on the road of recovery from such addition. But it stayed more real than cinematic twists and turns. One way you will know how it all ends, but some of the characters were unpredictable. The end was good, concludes with a little message. Nick Robinson was really great. Initially I thought it was Jack O'Connell's film, mistook Nick Roinson as him from the poster. Lacks depth in narration, but really a nice film. At least you should watch it for Rob Reiner, if you're not convinced enough.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [285844, 267457, 370835, 214218], "youtube_key": "_SDAKgyqKNI"}