{"tmdb_id": 35895, "title": "A Cry in the Night", "original_title": "A Cry in the Night", "slug_title": "a-cry-in-the-night", "date": "1956-08-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "A police captain's emotions get in the way when his daughter is kidnapped.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zyfqJWKDvSdx16GDKtplAcw9uAo.jpg", "actors": ["Edmond O'Brien (Captain Dan Taggart)", "Brian Donlevy (Captain Ed Bates)", "Natalie Wood (Elizabeth)", "Raymond Burr (Harold Loftus)", "Richard Anderson (Owen Clark)", "Irene Hervey (Helen Taggart)", "Carol Veazie (Mrs. Mabel Loftus)", "Mary Lawrence (Madge Taggart)", "George J. Lewis (George Gerrity (a cop))", "Anthony Caruso (Tony Chavez (a cop))", "Peter Hansen (Dr. Frazee)", "Tina Carver (Mrs. Marie Holzapple)", "Herb Vigran (Jensen - Sergeant at Police Desk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Don\u2019t go walking down lovers loop, with anyone else but me.\r\n\r\nA Cry in the Night is directed by Frank Tuttle and adapted to screenplay by David Dortort from Whit Masterson\u2019s novel All through the Night. It stars Edmond O\u2019Brien, Brian Donlevy, Natalie Wood, Raymond Burr and Richard Anderson. Music is by David Buttolph and cinematography by John F. Seitz.\r\n\r\nNot a great deal to sing about here, which is a shame because the potential for an electric thriller is right there on the page. Burr plays a peeping tom type who is dominated by his mother, during one of his \u201csessions\u201d up at Lovers Loop he gets caught and during the altercation he knocks out Anderson\u2019s boyfriend and kidnaps Wood, who happens to be the daughter of O\u2019Brien\u2019s policeman. Film then relies on police procedural for its narrative thrust, stopping occasionally to tease us with serious parental issues on both sides of the fence, all while Burr acts on the edge of sanity whilst holding Wood captive in a remote old shack.\r\n\r\nApricot Pie.\r\n\r\nThe subject matter is a hot potato, but nothing ever rings true on account of cheap production values and uninspiring direction. Seitz does the best he can to create sweaty atmosphere via his camera lenses, and Buttolph\u2019s score is at one with the melodramatics. Unfortunately the cast are poor, with O\u2019Brien unusually wooden, Burr not convincing, Donlevy is going through the motions and Anderson is not only dull, he\u2019s a bit old for the teen lover character he is playing. Wood comes out with credit and her scenes with Burr are the best parts of he film, while Carol Veazie as the domineering mother is a hoot.\r\n\r\nThe back stories to the making of the film are far more interesting than the film itself! 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [48234, 4926, 31144, 73027], "youtube_key": "7kt8rij6t04"}