{"tmdb_id": 359246, "title": "Hell House LLC", "original_title": "Hell House LLC", "slug_title": "hell-house-llc", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Five years after an unexplained malfunction causes the death of 15 tour-goers and staff on the opening night of a Halloween haunted house tour, a documentary crew travels back to the scene of the tragedy to find out what really happened.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qBkgrNLmLoldSR4fal5ImvCgIb2.jpg", "actors": ["Kristin Michelle Taylor (Kate)", "Theodore Bouloukos (Robert Lyons)", "Gore Abrams (Paul O'Keefe)", "Natalie Gee (Hotel Clerk)", "Miranda Robbins (Miranda Kelly)", "Jeb Kreager (Martin Cliver)", "Jared Hacker (Tony Prescott)", "Adam Schneider (Andrew McNamera)", "Danny Bellini (Alex Taylor)", "Ryan Jennifer (Sara Havel)", "Alice Bahlke (Diane Graves)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "NorthernLad", "content": "I'm a huge fan of the found footage genre of horror movies. The bad part of this is, there are so few movies I would actually consider good in this growing branch of horror movies. This year I stumbled across this one and I am so glad I did! I love everything about this movie.\r\n\r\nIt has just the right combinations of creepiness and gore to keep me interested. It doesn't try too hard to impress the audience. It does what movies should do, allow the viewer to go along for the ride while not hitting them over the head with information or trying too hard to scare them. I would recommend this movie to any horror fan. I will be permanently addlying this movie into my top 5 horror movies of all time. Love it!"}], "recommandations_id": [532973, 293572, 500535, 424643], "youtube_key": "n8OE1wNMHE4"}