{"tmdb_id": 35921, "title": "Le g\u00e9nie du mal", "original_title": "Compulsion", "slug_title": "le-genie-du-mal", "date": "1959-04-01", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Chicago en 1924, deux \u00e9tudiants de riches familles, Artie et Judd, impr\u00e9gn\u00e9s des th\u00e9ories du surhomme de Nietzsche, en viennent \u00e0 assassiner gratuitement un jeune gar\u00e7on nomm\u00e9 Kessler apr\u00e8s l'avoir kidnapp\u00e9. Un indice important retrouv\u00e9 sur les lieux du crime risquant de les d\u00e9masquer, Artie tente d'\u00e9garer la police vers une fausse piste. Mais malgr\u00e9 leurs mensonges et leurs faux alibis, Artie et Judd sont de plus en plus fortement soup\u00e7onn\u00e9s par la police pour le meurtre de Kessler. Finalement arr\u00eat\u00e9s, leurs parents engagent pour les d\u00e9fendre le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre avocat Jonathan Wilke, reconnu pour ses prises de position contre la peinede mort. Wilke, bien que convaincu de la culpabilit\u00e9 d'Artie et Judd, tente de leur \u00e9viter la potence lors du proc\u00e8s afin qu'ils soient plut\u00f4t condamn\u00e9s \u00e0 perp\u00e9tuit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fmKgPCf1cWgXz9sgiu7jcMdlpCq.jpg", "actors": ["Orson Welles (Jonathan Wilk)", "Diane Varsi (Ruth Evans)", "Dean Stockwell (Judd Steiner)", "Bradford Dillman (Arthur A. Straus)", "E.G. Marshall (District Attorney Harold Horn)", "Martin Milner (Sid Brooks)", "Richard Anderson (Max Steiner)", "Robert F. Simon (Police Lt. Johnson)", "Robert Burton (Charles Straus)", "Wilton Graff (Mr. Steiner)", "Louise Lorimer (Mrs. Straus aka 'Mumsy')", "Gavin MacLeod (Padua - Horn's Assistant)", "Edward Binns (Tom Daly)", "Colin Kenny (Courtroom Spectator (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lets go watch them slaughter the sheep!\r\n\r\nCompulsion is directed by Richard Fleischer and adapted to screenplay by Richard Murphy from the novel written by Meyer Levin. It stars Dean Stockwell, Bradford Dillman, Orson Welles and Diane Varsi. Music is by Lionel Newman and cinematography by William C. Mellor.\r\n\r\nBased upon the real life Leopold and Loeb murder trial of the 1920s, Compulsion finds Artie Strauss (Dillman) and Judd Steiner (Stockwell) as two well to do young men attempting to commit the perfect crime - murder! But it wasn't so perfect after all and they soon find themselves on trial for their own lives. Enter famed attorney Jonathan Wilk (Welles), who fights to keep them from the death penalty.\r\n\r\nHealthily rated in some quarters, it's a film that actually does divide opinions, which when all is considered is unsurprising given the capital punishment core of the story. The story builds superbly, brilliantly photographed and paced by cinematographer and director, and performed with imposing skills by Dillman and Stockwell. Then the crux of the film arrives in the form of Welles, who late in the play has the unenviable job of turning the piece into a soapbox anti capital punishment advertisement. \r\n\r\nIt's also a performance from Welles that has drawn major pros and cons in critical circles. Whatever your thoughts on capital punishment, Welles makes a telling acting mark. The sound mix could have been fine tuned, as Welles is prone to mumble during his speeches, but it remains gripping on court room drama terms, even if there's a little deflation - a feeling of anti-climax - after the build up had been so good. Not really capturing the notoriety of the real case, it's nonetheless a compelling piece and well worth seeking out. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35868, 52758, 21454, 88527]}