{"tmdb_id": 35958, "title": "New York Confidential", "original_title": "New York Confidential", "slug_title": "new-york-confidential", "date": "1955-02-15", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Story follows the rise and subsequent fall of the notorious head of a New York crime family, who decides to testify against his pals in order to avoid being killed by his fellow cohorts.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dLEUOfUKZm1j6WmXYoe5baxdwIW.jpg", "actors": ["Broderick Crawford (Charlie Lupo)", "Richard Conte (Nick Magellan)", "Marilyn Maxwell (Iris Palmer)", "Anne Bancroft (Kathy Lupo)", "J. Carrol Naish (Ben Dagajanian)", "Onslow Stevens (Johnny Achilles)", "Barry Kelley (Robert Frawley)", "Mike Mazurki (Arnie Wendler)", "Celia Lovsky (Mama Lupo)", "Herbert Heyes (James Marshall)", "Steven Geray (Morris Franklin)", "William 'Bill' Phillips (Whitey)", "Henry Kulky (Gino)", "Nestor Paiva (Martinelli)", "Joseph Vitale (Batista)", "Carl Milletaire (Sumak)", "William Forrest (Paul Williamson)", "Ian Keith (Waluska)", "Charles Evans (Judge Kincaid)", "Mickey Simpson (Leon Hartmann)", "Tom Powers (Dist. Atty. Rossi)", "Lee Trent (Ferrari)", "Leonard Bremen (Larry)", "John Doucette (Shorty)", "Frank Ferguson (Dr. Ludlow)", "Hope Landin (Mrs. Wesley (as Hope Landon))", "Fortunio Bonanova (Senor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Everybody's out for what they can get.\r\n\r\nNew York Confidential is directed by Russell Rouse and collectively written by Rouse, Jack Lait , Lee Mortimer and Clarence Greene. It stars Broderick Crawford, Richard Conte, Anne Bancroft, Marilyn Maxwell, J. Carrol Naish, Onslow Stevens, Barry Kelley and Mike Mazurki. Music is by Joseph Mullendore and cinematography by Eddie Fitzgerald.\r\n\r\nThe Kefauver Committee was set up at the beginning of the 1950s and its role was to investigate into the growing threat of organised crime. From this very real moment in time came a wave of films that jumped onto the possibilities on offer for dramatic filmic purpose, New York Confidential is one such picture.\r\n\r\nIn short order the plot has Crawford as New York Syndicate boss Charles Lupo, who borrows hit-man Nick Maggelan (Conte) from the Chigao branch to enact a hit. The pair quickly strike up a terrific relationship, but as problems within the Lupo home begin to mount up - and the heat starts to close in on the organisation - cracks begin to turn into chasms.\r\n\r\nIt says a lot about the efforts of the cast that this turns out to be better than it had right to be. The interesting slant here is the impact of family life on the main man. Lupo is a widower who still lives with his mother and daughter, he dotes on his mother and smothers his daughter Katherine (Bancroft) in what he thinks is fatherly love. She hates his criminal workings and rebels against it, something which Lupo can't quite understand. Thrust into the mix is Magellan, suave and good looking, he has tremendous loyalty to Lupo, so when Katherine grabs his eye he has to fight his feelings for her and his commitment to Lupo. Add in Lupo's sultry girlfriend Iris (Maxwell), who has no loyalty and wants to bed Magellan, then emotional conflict and tests of character are boldly prominent.\r\n\r\nBeginning with shots of New York City and a narration telling us about how great and prosperous the city is, it is however the core of Syndicated Crime. We switch to a drive by killing, one which claims an innocent bystander, and the scene is set for Lupo and Magellan to meet and the story spins on from there. The dialogue is well written in quick fire noir speak, the best of which comes from Magellan who is calmness personified and Katherine who is bitingly bitter. There's a disappointment that we are sadly denied effective chiaroscuro, for the story demands it, more so when things go belly up and the world closes in on Lupo and Magellan's surrogate father/son relationship.\r\n\r\nCome the last quarter the pic really hits its flm noir straps, where joyously it doesn't let us down. We are not fed improbables or lightweight fare, we get pure blackheart noirville, something which elevates a decent film into being a very good one. Family strife and conflicted matters of the heart blend with corruption and organised crime, all crammed into an hour and half of film making. Lovely. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30036, 28490, 45960, 45627], "youtube_key": "notfound"}