{"tmdb_id": 359654, "title": "The Jam: About The Young Idea", "original_title": "The Jam: About The Young Idea", "slug_title": "the-jam-about-the-young-idea", "date": "2015-08-29", "genre": "Musique / Documentaire", "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/64wvVaZjp10FgzPF27Sfq349RU0.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Weller (Himself)", "Bruce Foxton ()", "Rick Buckler ()", "Martin Freeman ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Not really a Beat Surrender.\r\n\r\nThe Jam - a Punk Mod Motown Power Pop trio from Woking, Surrey, England. Between the years 1977 and 1982 they would garner fanatical support and cement a reputation (justifiable) as a live band of astonishing power and skill. They would have four number one singles in the UK, three of which went straight in at number one, which was then a record for any artist. Upon their dissolution in 1982, all their singles were re-released, culminating in another record, that of having the most simultaneous top 75 singles (13) in the UK charts. It's fair to say that The Jam, considered by many to be the last great British singles band, deserve an extensive documentary...\r\n\r\nTo many of us, The Jam were our Beatles, the band that meant the most to us teenagers of the time, this is something that comes across well in Bob Smeaton's film. In the excitement of just having a well publicised film on The Jam, there's so much to rejoice, but with a major caveat that fans, those who lived it or have read and listened to everything to do with the band, there's so much left out. The story is well told, all principal players are involved via interviews, while fans get archive footage and photographs that gladden the heart. Nice to have fan participation as well, including Martin Freeman. Whilst the bond between band and fans (the sound checks involving fans a thing many big groups of today could pay attention to), bristles like a solid bond in your heart. However...\r\n\r\nThere are crucial areas of The Jam's history missed out, like the makers were only concerned with celebrating the name above everything else - ironically they failed to add the records I mention in the first paragraph. There is no mention of the problems the band had with wearing union flag suits, or having that flag draped over the speakers in the early days. There were at least two errors at pressing plants and arguments about what song should be the official single - things that affected two of their most famous singles (double A-Sides for Jam's sake), while their live gigs were often beset by violence, surely we want to hear what Weller, Foxton and Buckler have to say about that now?! About the Young Idea is incomplete, without doubt, but at least it exists and gives fans a chance to beam with glee, whilst simultaneously offering a glimpse to new interested parties of what a great band they were, and, crucially, what they meant to so many in those five years. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}