{"tmdb_id": 3597, "title": "Souviens-toi... l'\u00e9t\u00e9 dernier", "original_title": "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "slug_title": "souviens-toi-l-ete-dernier", "date": "1997-10-17", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "La nuit de la f\u00eate nationale, Julie, Helen, Ray et Barry ont par accident renvers\u00e9 un inconnu. Devant la crainte de leur avenir compromis par ce drame, ils d\u00e9cident de faire dispara\u00eetre le corps et font le serment de ne rien dire \u00e0 personne, jamais. L'\u00e9t\u00e9 suivant, chacun des quatre amis se trouve confront\u00e9 \u00e0 des \u00e9v\u00e8nements terrifiants. Ils doivent se rendre \u00e0 l'\u00e9vidence : quelqu'un sait ce qu'ils ont fait et semble bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 le leur faire payer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vZbpWMbcpBThlLQkKdvsCBqjPPf.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Love Hewitt (Julie James)", "Sarah Michelle Gellar (Helen Shivers)", "Ryan Phillippe (Barry William Cox)", "Freddie Prinze Jr. (Ray Bronson)", "Bridgette Wilson (Elsa Shivers)", "Johnny Galecki (Max Neurick)", "Muse Watson (Benjamin Willis)", "Anne Heche (Melissa Egan)", "Stuart Greer (Officer David Caporizo)", "Dan Albright (Sheriff)", "Rasool J'Han (Deb)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ben the Bream.\r\n\r\nKevin Williamson, hot off of the success of his screenplay for Wes Craven's Scream, here adapted the Lois Duncan novel with mixed results.\r\n\r\nA bunch of pretty teenagers in a coastal fishing town run over a man in the road and try to cover it up. Not a wise move at the best of times, even more so now as the victim, a hook wielding fisherman, is coming to get them.\r\n\r\nAnd that's pretty much it. Williamson adds some humour into the play, while director Jim Gillespie plays his shock tactics well and keeps the pretty young cast annoying enough for us to want to see the fisherman guy enact revenge.\r\n\r\nIt sadly gets away from itself in the last quarter once the stalker is revealed, and in truth there's very little imagination gone into the whole pic. But it's a decent night in with beer and popcorn for those after a short sharp shock type horror. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3600, 4233, 4234, 9877]}