{"tmdb_id": 360217, "title": "Lukit Mo Sa Bala", "original_title": "Lukit Mo Sa Bala", "slug_title": "lukit-mo-sa-bala", "date": "1994-09-14", "genre": ["Drame / Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Bobby, a doctor based in Manila, leaves his profession to go back in his hometown San Roque, when his father Mayor Roman Guerrero gets wounded on crossfire against the illegal loggers headed by one of the congressman\u2019s sons Edmond Velez, who gets killed on the said fire encounter. The clan of the Velez\u2019s keeps on attempting to ambush and kill Mayor Guerrero. The situation gets a lot trickier when Bobby\u2019s ex-girlfriend Noemi becomes Rico Velez\u2019 wife. The rivalry becomes more personal. As the Guererro\u2019s fight for the illegal logging of the trees they will also have to protect their lives against their political rival. Bobby will head the troop of his father to bring back the peace and order in their town while striving to subdue the evil tyrants destroying their forest for their personal gain.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7GTS2b8v0iJAZjKB3DSno5yjcKz.jpg", "actors": ["Ramon 'Bong' Revilla Jr. (Dr. Roberto 'Bobby' Guerrero)", "Gabby Concepcion (Rico Velez)", "Nanette Medved (Noemi)", "Mat Ranillo III (Vice Mayor Mario Ocampo)", "Luis Gonzales (Mayor Roman Guerrero)", "Marita Zobel (Norma Guerrero)", "Lito Legaspi (Congressman Velez)", "Kevin Delgado (Edmond Velez)", "Edgar Mande (Rayland Velez)", "Fredmoore de los Santos (Paolo Guerrero)", "King Gutierrez (Simon)", "Renato Del Prado (Julian)", "Brando Legaspi (Alex)", "Tony Mabesa (Padre Celso)", "Romy Romulo (Chief)", "Rommel Valdez (Torralba)", "Perla Bautista (Noemi's Mother)", "Edwin Reyes (Rico's Men)", "Allan Medina (Rico's Men)", "Archie Adamos (Rico's Men)", "Johnny Ylagan (Rico's Men)", "Jojo Bautista (Rico's Men)", "Ronnie Olivar (Rico's Men)", "Norman Herras (Rico's Men)", "Telly Babasa (Rico's Men)", "Joe Baltazar (Cong. Velez's Men)", "Joe Jardy (Cong. Velez's Men)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}