{"tmdb_id": 360203, "title": "Lost in the Sun", "original_title": "Lost in the Sun", "slug_title": "lost-in-the-sun", "date": "2015-11-05", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "A small time crook and a newly-orphaned teenage boy team up to perform a string of robberies.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xtAsAVNxCI4cGjcEPbEShqu4Clt.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Duhamel (John)", "Josh Wiggins (Louis)", "Lynn Collins (Mary)", "Emma Fuhrmann (Rose)", "Larry Jack Dotson (Father Walker)", "Mylinda Royer (Louis' Mom)", "Luis Olmeda (Gilbert)", "Margaret Bowman (Ivy)", "Timothy Fall (Pastor)", "Teagan Jai Boyd ()", "Deborah Abbott ()", "Heather Danner ()", "June Griffin Garcia ()", "Serina Dennis ()", "Ginger Joy Iconos ()", "Catherine Lawrence Kinslow ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A road movie that extended to a different level of bonding between two.\r\n\r\nI was not overwhelmed by the overall film yet a very enjoyable film for the wonderful direction and the beautiful character displays. The first thing I remembered was 'Paper Moon', but it was when 'Last Ride' meets 'Natural Born Killers'. Clearly, it dealt with its own concept, but I won't deny the influence of those titles this film has. So I believe the writer has been inspired by them.\r\n\r\nIf you like the road films, then you might enjoy it as well, even though you're not desiring to give high marks. It begins when a 13 year old boy who lost his mother embarks a journey with a stranger to go and live with his grandparents who are on the other end of the country. On their way, the two struggles with their differences, especially in the conflict of interest to take such a trip. But they end up developing a close bond which is at one point comes to tear them apart.\r\n\r\nIt did not live up to my expectation. Actually, I was not having any expectation because I came to know about it a while ago before finished watching it. Without the character development how much a story going to impress its audience, but this film did by letting them to figure it out by themselves. There is a twist and other turns in the tale, but everything's very easy.\r\n\r\nSo the film kind of interested me, just for keeping everything simple and telling a tale with a good speed, but obviously not an original or anything extraordinary. Josh Duhamel was amazing, his role along with the kid's make you watch it. Especially after the 'Spotlisght', every a film with priests in it freaks me out like the one from this. Anyway, this is not a must see, but not bad to ignore completely.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [353441, 259014, 270005, 237584], "youtube_key": "fpp5m6c0-jc"}