{"tmdb_id": 3603, "title": "Black Sheep", "original_title": "Black Sheep", "slug_title": "black-sheep", "date": "2006-09-09", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Henry, citadin phobique des moutons, d\u00e9cide de suivre les conseils de sa th\u00e9rapeute en retournant \u00e0 la ferme familiale pour vendre ses parts \u00e0 son fr\u00e8re a\u00een\u00e9, sans se douter des exp\u00e9riences g\u00e9n\u00e9tiques qui y sont men\u00e9es sur les moutons. Au m\u00eame moment, des activistes \u00e9cologiques, au courant de ces pratiques, lib\u00e8rent un agneau mutant du laboratoire secret. Le fl\u00e9au va tr\u00e8s vite se r\u00e9pandre et transformer tous les moutons en pr\u00e9dateurs tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s m\u00e9chants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8YoL8WSHv7UKTq7iziI7SrRmdql.jpg", "actors": ["Nathan Meister (Henry Oldfield)", "Peter Feeney (Angus Oldfield)", "Danielle Mason (Experience)", "James Ashcroft (Prebble)", "Mick Rose (Mike)", "Tammy Davis (Tucker)", "Glenis Levestam (Mrs. Mac)", "Tandi Wright (Dr. Rush)", "Matthew Chamberlain (Oliver Oldfield)", "Oliver Driver (Grant)", "Nick Fenton (Young Henry)", "Min Windle (Investor)", "Ian Harcourt (Brash)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ovinaphobia in Wairarapa!\r\n\r\nBlack Sheep, written and directed by Jonathan King is a wonderfully kooky horror comedy filmed out of New Zealand. Premise is simple, genetic tampering by unstable farmer man-child type has produced psychotic zombie sheep who like to chow down on human flesh. If you are \"lucky\" to still be alive after being bitten, you turn into a human/sheep hybrid - who likes to chow down on human flesh! All inhabitants of this island are doomed unless three spunky young heroes in waiting can overcome monumental odds and save the day!\r\n\r\nWith effects done by Weta being no bad thing, Black Sheep is a whole bunch of popcorn munching fun. Many of the jokes aren't really surprising but they hit the mark because the comedy is drawn nice and broad. It helps as well that much of it carries a sense of mischievous depravity about it, while the snarky asides to scientists and tree hugging environmentalists shows King to have a semblance of world awareness about him. The cinematography (Richard Bluck) is gorgeous, capturing the magnificent landscapes as a backdrop to the ovine carnage, and Victoria Kelly's musical score is jovial supreme.\r\n\r\nNothing earth shattering here, so those horror/comedy fans who venture in for the first time expecting otherwise will be disappointed. However, at under 90 minutes in length King's movie never once sags in pace or gasp for new comedic air. It's a short sharp shocker of a rib tickler and well worthy of a look if in the requisite mood. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5072, 10288, 11880, 9035], "youtube_key": "829ZvtRKzAU"}