{"tmdb_id": 360512, "title": "As Long As I'm With You", "original_title": "Basta't Kasama Kita", "slug_title": "as-long-as-i-m-with-you", "date": "1995-02-01", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "European Princess Marinella escapes the monarchy she belongs to, believing that it is depriving her freedom to live life and explore the world in her own will. She runs away from her guard, and accidentally comes across with Alex, a jeepney driver. Alex has always been angry to the world; he grows up believing that his mother abandoned him. His frustration intensified when he became the guardian of his younger half-brother Paolo. Now, with another unwelcomed person coming in to his life, he takes Ella with him not knowing her real identity. He makes her his maid in exchange of free lodging and food. Isabella enjoys her new life despite her downgraded lifestyle. Moreover, she is also pleased serving her \u2018master\u2019 Alex. Alex, on the other hand learns to offload his frustration in life because of Ella. Eventually the two fell in love. But what will Alex do if he learns that he and Ella are worlds apart?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/50Cv1raTbt5OkIasSsxnP7h0FaT.jpg", "actors": ["Dayanara Torres (Ella)", "Aga Muhlach (Alex)", "Paolo Contis (Paolo)", "Smokey Manaloto (Brix)", "Ruby Rodriguez (Sara)", "Heather Rasch (Ms. Thompson)", "Megan Herrera (Aunt Belle)", "James Slowey (King of Bavaria)", "Tony Carreon (Minister of Foreign Affairs)", "Pocholo Montes (Mr. Garcia)", "Gamaliel Viray (Police Officer)", "Vangie Labalan (Carinderia Owner)", "Josie Tagle (Minda)", "Joe Jardy (Neighbor)", "Max Lauresta (Neighbor)", "Annette Villacruz (Josie)", "Albert Ballada (Bodyguard)", "Basim Jamoos (Bodyguard)", "Ala Hegazy (Bodyguard)", "Cathy Barrios (Prostitute)", "Catherine Cezar (Minda's Daughter)", "Cathy Garcia-Molina (Chambermaid)", "Josh Fernandez (Boy at the Convention)", "Jake Vargas (Boy at the Convention 2)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}