{"tmdb_id": 360605, "title": "Ma s\u0153ur invisible", "original_title": "Invisible Sister", "slug_title": "ma-soeur-invisible", "date": "2015-10-09", "genre": ["Fantastique / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Le projet scientifique de Cl\u00e9o, une adolescente transparente, tourne au fiasco quand elle rend malencontreusement sa s\u0153ur ain\u00e9e Molly, fille la plus populaire du lyc\u00e9e, invisible\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k7CFFuQghkh6Iiu1cYsLxLMyeI8.jpg", "actors": ["Rowan Blanchard (Cloe)", "Paris Berelc (Molly)", "Karan Brar (George)", "Francesca Capaldi (Karen)", "Starlette Miariaunii (High School Student / Black and White Angel)", "Devin Posey (Molly's Friend)", "Alex D\u00e9sert (Mr. Perkins)", "Rachel Crow (Nikki)", "Ashton Smiley (Molly's Best Friend)", "Austin Fryberger (Coug)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Its a Disney's sci-fi-magical tale.\r\n\r\nThis is summer holiday and I saw quite a few preteen films like this with my niece. Since we watched the first two seasons of 'Girl Meets World' together, I think she likes Rowan Blanchard and Sabrina Carpenter. So that's how we found this Disney's television film, which was adapted from the book of the same name. I expected it to be fun like that television series and yes, my niece loved it, but to me it was an average.\r\n\r\nUsually Disney means magical tales, but it was an sci-fi-magical. Well, it was the story of a teen girl Cleo, who is a bright student, but unnoticed on the school campus. On the other side, her big sister Molly is a very popular who becomes invisible when Cleo's science project goes wrong. So the tale begins to revolve that particular day, which is very important for Molly that decides her future. Both the sisters join hands to tackle the day and to find the solution to undo the invisibility.\r\n\r\nThis is a children's film, especially for the girls. But if you grew up in the 80s and the 90s, probably you would have seen better films in this theme. It was too short, but that's a good thing than the 90 minute torture. Anyway the film was not bad, only the way you look at it makes to have a different opinion.\r\n\r\nIt was just a fun holiday film aimed for kids, but I had my reason for watching it. That doesn't mean it won't suit adults. I was surprised by the quality of the graphics used in it, especially for a television film, it is a very standard which were obviously very rare sequences. The production quality alone makes it worth to have a look. It was not like our days, in the todays world everything's so easy.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [317198, 286987, 278774, 245473], "youtube_key": "eQCvyvME6x0"}