{"tmdb_id": 360606, "title": "Babysitting Night", "original_title": "Adventures in Babysitting", "slug_title": "babysitting-night", "date": "2016-06-24", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Jenny Parker et Lola Perez sont deux jeunes filles que tout oppose : l'une est s\u00e9rieuse et organis\u00e9e tandis que l'autre est volubile et d\u00e9jant\u00e9e. Quand une p\u00e9rip\u00e9tie fait que Lola accepte une mission de babysitting aupr\u00e8s d'une famille qui a l'habitude de faire appel \u00e0 Jenny, le remplacement tourne vite \u00e0 la catastrophe...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uVkOQT4JzbeyR4QvAGApW56SljI.jpg", "actors": ["Sabrina Carpenter (Jenny)", "Sofia Carson (Lola)", "Max Lloyd-Jones (Officer James)", "Gillian Vigman (Helen)", "Alissa Skovbye (Claire)", "Kevin O'Grady (Barry Cooper)", "Arielle Tuliao (Staff Girl)", "Nikki Hahn (Emily Cooper)", "Jet Jurgensmeyer (Bobby Anderson)", "Lisa MacFadden (Party Hostess)", "J. C. Williams (Police Officer)", "Mallory James Mahoney (Katy Cooper)", "Max Gecowets (Trey Anderson)", "Madison Horcher (AJ Anderson)", "Kevin G. Quinn (Zac Chase)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "One night, two babysitters, five kids and various adventures!\r\n\r\nNow its Maya's (Sabrina Carpenter) turn after Riley's (Rowan Blanchard) 'Invisible Sister'. I'm referring the two best friends from 'Girl Meets World'. This film saw a delayed release and initially it was said to be a sequel to the 80s film of the same name, but now it stated as an official remake. The basic theme was retained and the rest was modified to the present trend. They aimed for G and/or PG, not anything above that, so they had to give up those risky stuffs from the original, hence became a simple one night adventure.\r\n\r\nThe 100th film under the Disney channel's belt. I neither liked nor disliked it. It's a mixed feeling to me, but if you had loved the original film, which was for all ages, most certainly you won't enjoy this. This film is for those who had not seen the old version and it specially targeted for the little kids and tween audience. The main issue was the film characters doubled with the two babysitters and their two sets of children to be taken care, which means the adventures drastically shrunk.\r\n\r\nThere's no innovation and those altered scenes didn't do anything to lift the spirit of the narration. Especially the rap song was a disappointment compared to the 'Babysitting Blues' and also weak negative characters let the film down. But the display from the cast was amazing, if only they had refined story upto 60-70% new ideas, it had a good chance to impress the viewers. Overall, as a television film it did fared decently, but only when compared with the original, it goes stumbling. \r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [317198, 84105, 360605, 245473], "youtube_key": "notfound"}