{"tmdb_id": 360737, "title": "Center of my world", "original_title": "Die Mitte der Welt", "slug_title": "center-of-my-world", "date": "2016-11-10", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Romance"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Phil, 17 ans, vit avec sa m\u00e8re et sa s\u0153ur jumelle dans un vieux manoir aux abords de la ville. De retour \u00e0 la maison apr\u00e8s ses vacances estivales, Phil se rend compte que l\u2019atmosph\u00e8re y a chang\u00e9. Phil ne s\u2019en soucie gu\u00e8re, passe du temps avec sa meilleure amie, Kat. Et se sent irr\u00e9sistiblement attir\u00e9 par un myst\u00e9rieux nouvel \u00e9tudiant\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6gXgSBF3baQsHqDuIcuEzWt71Gv.jpg", "actors": ["Louis Hofmann (Phil)", "Sabine Timoteo (Glass)", "Ada Philine Stappenbeck (Dianne)", "Jannik Sch\u00fcmann (Nicholas)", "Svenja Jung (Kat)", "Inka Friedrich (Tereza)", "Sascha Alexander Ger\u0161ak (Michael)", "Nina Proll (Pascal)", "Clemens Rehbein (Kyle)", "Aur\u00e9lie Th\u00e9paut (Lehrerin)", "Nadja Zwanziger (Mutter des Brocken)", "Thomas Goritzki (Lehrer H\u00e4nel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SunParakeet", "content": "**Brave and authentic**\r\n\r\nWhat does cinema mean to you? To me it means emotions and stories, told with moving images, with music and with words. And, in my opinion, for cinema to be at its greatest it needs to brave and vulnerable.\r\n\r\nCenter of My World is exactly that: brave and vulnerable. And intimate. And true.\r\n\r\nIts is the story of Phil, a standard teenager, who is just a little gayer than the rest. But him being gay is really not an important part of the story.\r\n\r\nHe struggles with his family, with deeply hidden secrets of the past and their effects in the present, which may break his family apart. And he falls in love for the first time. That's really it.\r\n\r\nAnd while watching this in the cinema some people laughed at the film. Because it shows how love is, unironically and over-the-top. It dives deep into Phil's emotions and shows us not only the center of his world, but maybe even the center of THE world (hence the original German title \"The Center of the World\"). And most people can not let themselves dive into these depths.\r\n\r\nAnd if you want to experience this small gem of a movie, you have to make yourself vulnerable, too. Leave your irony at home, just watch this movie as you are - naked and vulnerable.\r\n\r\nThen you may see what cinema can do, what cinema is for."}], "recommandations_id": [361018, 499802, 471155, 172539], "youtube_key": "8k521dEBRs8"}