{"tmdb_id": 360920, "title": "Le Grinch", "original_title": "The Grinch", "slug_title": "le-grinch", "date": "2018-11-08", "genre": ["Animation / Familial / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Terr\u00e9 dans sa cave remplie d\u2019inventions et d\u2019engins pour ses besoins de tous les jours, Le Grinch ne voit ses voisins de Chouville que lorsqu\u2019il manque de nourriture.  Chaque ann\u00e9e \u00e0 No\u00ebl, ils viennent perturber sa tranquillit\u00e9 solitaire avec des c\u00e9l\u00e9brations toujours plus grandioses, brillantes et bruyantes. Quand les Chous d\u00e9clarent qu\u2019ils vont c\u00e9l\u00e9brer No\u00ebl trois fois plus fort cette ann\u00e9e, le Grinch r\u00e9alise qu\u2019il n\u2019a plus qu\u2019une solution pour retrouver la paix et la tranquillit\u00e9 : il doit voler No\u00ebl.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gpkHvkCtZOeCQ2DelnJ2LB1WjZ5.jpg", "actors": ["Benedict Cumberbatch (Grinch (voice))", "Rashida Jones (Donna Lou Who (voice))", "Kenan Thompson (Bricklebaum (voice))", "Cameron Seely (Cindy Lou Who (voice))", "Angela Lansbury (Mayor McGerkle (voice))", "Pharrell Williams (Narrator (voice))", "Brad O'Hare (Groopert (voice))", "Ramone Hamilton (Axl (voice))", "Sam Lavagnino (Ozzy (voice))", "Scarlett Estevez (Izzy (voice))", "Tristan O'Hare (Groopert (voice))", "Michael Beattie (Store Clerk (voice))", "Scott Mosier (Additional Voices (voice))", "Lori Alan (Additional Voices (voice))", "Carter Hastings (Additional Voices (voice))", "Carlos Alazraqui (Additional Voices (voice))", "John Kassir (Additional Voices (voice))", "Doug Burch (Additional Voices (voice))", "Evan Kishiyama (Additional Voices (voice))", "Cathy Cavadini (Additional Voices (voice))", "Danny Mann (Additional Voices (voice))", "Tucker Chandler (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bigchris18", "content": "After hearing negative reviews from others I was reluctant to see this one at first but I went with my gut feeling and saw it and wow I am so happy I did this movie made my Christmas already it's just what we need in the world today a movie about people putting aside their differences and enjoying just being together"}, {"pseudo": "Chris", "content": "So I paid \u00a37 to fall asleep! Alas, even my kids aged 11 and 14 found it uninteresting. Grandma came along, she loves all animation films, but even this failed to capture her interest. We were expecting some new twists in an already well-known tale, but hey-ho, not this time."}, {"pseudo": "KristinaZI", "content": "The Grinch was a movie I really wanted to see before Christmas but life was so busy and I just didn't have enough time. I am so glad I finally managed to see it.\r\n\r\nLIKED:\r\n- the animation is absolutely stunning! all of the colours and the contrast with the snow was amazing.\r\n\r\n- Max was the most adorable puppy ever! for some reason, it reminded me of Dobby a bit :D\r\n\r\n- a big part of the story was told in verse and there were many quotes taken directly from the book.\r\n\r\nDISLIKED:\r\n- I kind of wanted more songs\r\n\r\n- Grinch wasn't portrayed as mean as I expected\r\n\r\nOVERALL:\r\nIt was cute, adorable and very Christmasy! Yes, it was cheesy but it is supposed to be like that. I think I prefer it as an animation."}], "recommandations_id": [404368, 446894, 400155, 426543], "youtube_key": "2mNMvz85NG8"}