{"tmdb_id": 361028, "title": "HADES", "original_title": "HADES", "slug_title": "hades", "date": "2015-03-22", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "9.5/10", "synopsis": "A woman is caught in an endless dream in which she has to cross the five rivers of Hades, each representing different stages of her relationship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5vbB60ul5tq8OOHtDOObwANmN7.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Heidegger (M.)", "Cris Kotzen (Schweitzer)", "Iman Rezai (Charon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "FTWSE", "content": "My girlfriend and I had the great pleasure of seeing \"Hades\" at the Berlin Film Festival and we both agreed that it was like nothing we've ever seen before. The short has a very experimental approach, so t's hard to describe. It felt more like a beautiful and twisted trip. A beautiful woman wakes up in a room at night and starts walking through an (seemingly) empty house.. Each room is like one of the rivers of Hades - yet also represents different stages of a relationship. Every room has a very different atmosphere and sound - ranging from terrifying to beautiful and tragic. Visually the movie is beautiful, different colors light up each scene and the actress is just gorgeous! The cinematography is very cool. It reminded me a bit of \"Suspiria\". Again, it's hard to describe, because the film is completely without dialogue. It's very unsettling but still I could relate to a lot of the moments. My girlfriend and I have been discussing it the last few days. Glad to see, that there's still innovative films coming from Germany."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "1Vd39Qe8AFg"}