{"tmdb_id": 361250, "title": "The Devout", "original_title": "The Devout", "slug_title": "the-devout", "date": "2015-10-02", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "A story about the power of belief, The Devout follows Darryl Eckford during trying times: his 4-year-old daughter, Abigail, has terminal cancer with weeks to live. Abigail is obsessed with space, and she talks with extraordinary detail of the Apollo 1 space mission. After she admits her former name, Darryl researches the space mission and finds inexplicable coincidences. A devout Christian, Darryl faces a crisis of faith when he begins to believe that his daughter was an astronaut in a former life. This newfound belief instills hope in Darryl, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. He must face his wife, community and his own faith as he seeks out truth, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. Its intriguing story and meticulous direction from Connor Gaston makes The Devout one of the most impressive Canadian independent films of the year.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qORQCgGMRfhJdQtlFWzQHDv8oKl.jpg", "actors": ["Charlie Carrick (Darryl)", "Ali Liebert (Jan)", "Olivia Martin (Abigail)", "Gabrielle Rose (Ava)", "David Nykl (Dr. Fisher)", "Ryan McDonell (Mitch)", "Michael St. John Smith (William)", "John Emmet Tracy (Edward R. Jones)", "Paulette Hinz (Sandy)", "Kevin Kerr (Pastor John)", "Curran Dobbs (Burt)", "Cameron Little (Landon)", "Roderick Glanville (Gerry)", "Jacki Gunn (Heather Foster)", "Erin Ormond (Harriet)", "Shera Skinner (Barbara)", "Helena Boden (Lilli)", "Lindsay Lomax (Cicily)", "Gabriel Vill (Evan)", "Penelope Mackie (Girl who was Thomas)", "Chris Mackie (Girl's Father)", "Arabella Paterson (Girl nurse in war)", "Luen Sahara (Boy with a bigger house)", "Abigail Bunce (Girl crushed by tractor)", "Wayne Lilly (Boy in helmet)", "Sullivan Maillet (Boy in the yellow house)", "Arlene Overman (Soprano Soloist)", "Max Sussman (Football Commentator)", "Sally (Sally)", "Alain Mickelson (Parishioner (uncredited))", "Trent Pryor (Parishioner (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}