{"tmdb_id": 361497, "title": "Go! Anpanman: Dadandan and the Twin Stars", "original_title": "\u305d\u308c\u3044\u3051!\u30a2\u30f3\u30d1\u30f3\u30de\u30f3 \u3060\u3060\u3093\u3060\u3093\u3068\u3075\u305f\u3054\u306e\u661f", "slug_title": "go-anpanman-dadandan-and-the-twin-stars", "date": "2009-07-04", "genre": ["Animation"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A story about twin star fairies - Kirara and Kirari. Kirara is a sweet girl who loves to shoot shooting stars, and Kirari is a kind girl who watches the stars. After fighting each other, they fell to the ground. Kirara is helped by Anpanman where she fell on the banks of the lake.  At a nearby castle, Dr. Hiyari was doing mind experiments to increase power. There, a mysterious light falls, it is a giant mysterious black fairy with special abilities - it is Kirari.  Meanwhile, in the starry sky where Kirara and Kirari had been, the \"Devil Star\" with the power to destroy everything in the world has became powerful.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zv0jh8F6lUjywMal8FLCh4abLVO.jpg", "actors": ["Keiko Toda (Anpanman)", "Ryusei Nakao (Baikinman)", "Rei Sakuma (Batako-san)", "Kouichi Yamadera (Cheese)", "Miki Nagasawa (Creampanda)", "Michiyo Yanagisawa (Currypanman)", "Hiromi Tsuru (Dokin-chan)", "Mika Kanai (Melonpanna)", "Hiroshi Masuoka (Jam Oji-san)", "Sumi Shimamoto (Shokupanman)", "Chika Sakamoto (Chibizou-kun)", "Shigeru Chiba (Dr. Hiyari)", "Kouichi Yamadera (Kabao-kun)", "Roko Takizawa (Mimi-sensei)", "Eriko Hara (Pyonkichi)", "Hiromi Nakamura (Usako)", "Kaneta Kimotsuki (Horrorman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}