{"tmdb_id": 362080, "title": "Batas Ng Lansangan", "original_title": "Batas Ng Lansangan", "slug_title": "batas-ng-lansangan", "date": "2002-02-27", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Army Major RUBEN MEDRANO was once a part of an elite anti-kidnapping task force. An unfortunate incident during an operation got him suspended and sent back to Manila. There he tries to renew ties with his daughter MARISSA who has been living with his dead wives sister MARIEL. Marissa refuses to recognize her father because of all his shortcomings in the past. Nevertheless, Ruben decides to remain in the area. He soon discovers the presence of drug pushers and decides to do something about them. The drug lord who controls these pushers hires a hit-man named CARLOS to hunt down Ruben for meddling in his affairs. Soon the small community turns into a war-zone a Ruben tries to defend himself and those close to him from the attacks of these gangsters.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iMMeLGMhJYBdQgSUrOUeImkUXTV.jpg", "actors": ["Fernando Poe Jr. (Major Ruben Medrano)", "Dina Bonnevie (Mariel)", "Roi Vinzon (Carlos)", "Robert Arevalo (Ramon)", "Ricardo Cepeda (Fr. Roland)", "Kaye Abad (Marissa)", "Paquito Diaz (Chairman Lucero)", "Dick Israel (Dodong)", "Charlie Davao (Boss Montenegro)", "Lorena Garcia (Jaq)", "Jessette Prospero (Ester)", "Maita Sanchez (Alicia)", "Angelica Reyes (Young Marissa)", "Toby Alejar (Bert)", "Josie Galvez (Manang)", "Jimmy Reyes (Alex Pusher)", "Remy Javier (Aling Remy)", "Ernie Zarate (Convict's Father)", "Bong Francisco (The Convict)", "Leo Gamboa (Nonoy Kalbo)", "Robert Miller (Nonoy's Hitman)", "Olive Madridejos (Lucero's Wife)", "Bon Vibar (The Other Priest)", "Avel Morado (Slaughterhouse Foreman)", "Wilson Go (The Businessman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}