{"tmdb_id": 362261, "title": "Watchers 8: Cloak of Secrecy", "original_title": "Watchers 8: Cloak of Secrecy", "slug_title": "watchers-8-cloak-of-secrecy", "date": "2014-06-15", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "IS THERE A CONNECTION? Are we seeing a connection between our ancient past and what is happening today? Were huge stones simply levitated into position, and do we have any modern evidence that such a thing may have been possible? WATCHERS 8 explores how today's UFO phenomena and the ancient evidence in Peru may be connected. We'll also continue with our story in WATCHERS 7 with Bill's implant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oTwJ6LzaGXpxBEO8BGnyyw29r5j.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Colbern ()", "Russ Dizdar ()", "Brien Foerster ()", "Steve Freedman ()", "Juan Navarro Hierro ()", "David M. Jacobs ()", "Aaron Judkins ()", "Chase Kloeztke ()", "Roger Leir ()", "L.A. Marzulli ()", "John Matrisciano ()", "Paul McGuire ()", "Ron Morehead ()", "Robert Salas ()", "Gary Stearman ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "victo420", "content": "IS THERE A CONNECTION? Are we seeing a connection between our ancient past and what is happening today? Were huge stones simply levitated into position, and do we have any modern evidence that such a thing may have been possible? WATCHERS 8 explores how today's UFO phenomena and the ancient evidence in Peru may be connected. We'll also continue with our story in WATCHERS 7 with Bill's implant."}, {"pseudo": "victo420", "content": "IS THERE A CONNECTION? Are we seeing a connection between our ancient past and what is happening today? Were huge stones simply levitated into position, and do we have any modern evidence that such a thing may have been possible? WATCHERS 8 explores how today's UFO phenomena and the ancient evidence in Peru may be connected. We'll also continue with our story in WATCHERS 7 with Bill's implant."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "bFWc8fUbXrM"}