{"tmdb_id": 362619, "title": "Kokey", "original_title": "Kokey", "slug_title": "kokey", "date": "1997-11-26", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Aventure / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "On their way home, Bong and Anna discover Kokey, an extraterrestrial whose space ship explodes upon landing on earth. Without the knowledge of their parents, the children keep Kokey at home. The three soon become the best of friends with Kokey turning out to be a big help to the family and their business, attracting customers using his extraterrestrial powers. But Kokey becomes homesick, pointing to the sky in silent tears, missing his parents. He tries to contact them but with no success. Will he ever be reunited to his family? How long can the children keep Kokey a secret?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2dIEicpb8oCqqO6tVSoVOtXYwgN.jpg", "actors": ["Carlo Aquino (Bong)", "Ani Pearl Alonzo (Anna)", "Mahal (Kokey)", "Ricky Davao (Nanding)", "Cherry Pie Picache (Trining)", "Paquito Diaz (Marcial)", "Nova Villa (Mrs. Querubin)", "Ernie Zarate (Dr. Perez)", "L.A. Lopez (Ruel)", "Danny Labra (Antonio)", "Eddie Nicart (Banderas)", "Bing Toledo ()", "King Gutierrez (Boy Pana)", "Gerry Martin (Bandit)", "Blandino (Bandit)", "Gil Bandong (Bandit)", "Manny Tibayan (Enciong)", "Paeng Giant (Ago)", "Erning Escobar (Elias)", "Mardi Fuentes (Townfolk)", "Nico Quintana (Townfolk)", "Joe Jardy (Townfolk)", "Joe Baltazar (Townfolk)", "Sonny Abelardo (Platoon Leader)", "Joseph Olfindo (Kokey (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "n08dYkNi3OU"}