{"tmdb_id": 363088, "title": "Ant-Man et la Gu\u00eape", "original_title": "Ant-Man and the Wasp", "slug_title": "ant-man-et-la-guepe", "date": "2018-07-04", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s les \u00e9v\u00e9nements survenus dans Captain America : Civil War, Scott Lang a bien du mal \u00e0 concilier sa vie de super-h\u00e9ros et ses responsabilit\u00e9s de p\u00e8re. Mais ses r\u00e9flexions sur les cons\u00e9quences de ses choix tournent court lorsque Hope van Dyne et le Dr Hank Pym lui confient une nouvelle mission urgente... Scott va devoir renfiler son costume et apprendre \u00e0 se battre aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de La Gu\u00eape afin de faire la lumi\u00e8re sur des secrets enfouis de longue date...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eivQmS3wqzqnQWILHLc4FsEfcXP.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Rudd (Scott Lang / Ant-Man)", "Evangeline Lilly (Hope van Dyne / Wasp)", "Michael Pe\u00f1a (Luis)", "Walton Goggins (Sonny Burch)", "Bobby Cannavale (Paxton)", "Judy Greer (Maggie)", "T.I. (Dave)", "David Dastmalchian (Kurt)", "Hannah John-Kamen (Ava Starr / Ghost)", "Abby Ryder Fortson (Cassie)", "Randall Park (Jimmy Woo)", "Michelle Pfeiffer (Janet van Dyne / Wasp)", "Laurence Fishburne (Dr. Bill Foster)", "Michael Douglas (Dr. Hank Pym)", "Divian Ladwa (Uzman)", "Goran Kosti\u0107 (Anitolov)", "Rob Archer (Knox)", "Sean Kleier (Agent Stoltz)", "Benjamin Byron Davis (Agent Burleigh)", "Michael Cerveris (Elihas Starr)", "Riann Steele (Catherine Starr)", "Dax Griffin (Young Hank)", "Hayley Lovitt (Young Janet)", "Langston Fishburne (Young Bill)", "RaeLynn Bratten (Young Ava)", "Madeleine McGraw (Young Hope)", "Tim Heidecker (Whale Boat Captain Daniel Goobler)", "Stan Lee (Shrinking Car Owner)", "Charles Justo (Fireman)", "Brian Huskey (Elementary School Teacher)", "Suehyla El-Attar (Agent Pearson)", "Julia Vera (Luis' Abuelita)", "Jessica Winther (Tourist Wife)", "Norwood J. Cheek Jr. (Tourist Husband)", "Bryan Lugo (Wharf Cop)", "Darcy Shean (Nanny)", "Torrey Vogel (Burch's Goon)", "Simon Potter (Burch's Goon)", "Jon Wurster (Burch's SUV Driver)", "Tom Scharpling (Burch's SUV Driver)", "Virginia Hamilton (San Francisco News Announcer)", "Natasha Zouves (San Francisco News Anchor)", "Mika Kubo (Tourist (uncredited))", "Joshua Mikel (Burch's Bodyguard (uncredited))", "Ronald Joe Vasquez (Cafe Patron (uncredited))", "Chris Gann (FBI Agent (uncredited))", "Sergio Briones (Firefighter (uncredited))", "Denney Pierce (Flatbed Truck Driver (uncredited))", "Vanessa Ross (Hot Jogger (uncredited))", "Zachary Culbertson (Man on Pier (uncredited))", "Steven Wiig (Pier 39 Fisherman (uncredited))", "Timothy Carr (Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Sawyer Jones (School Kid (uncredited))", "Rick Richardson (SF Police (uncredited))", "Benjamin Weaver (SF Street Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Jamel Chambers (SF Street Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Jennifer Black (SF Street Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Sandra Dee Richardson (SF Street Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Tahseen Ghauri (SF Street Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Dale Liner (SF SWAT Team Leader (uncredited))", "John Ozuna (Tourist (uncredited))", "Marcella Bragio (Tourist (uncredited))", "Sophia Marcs (Tourist (uncredited))", "William W. Barbour (Tourist (uncredited))", "Kevin Carscallen (Whale Watcher (uncredited))", "Seth McCracken (Whale Watcher / Tourist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "It's fun to see big stuff get real little and little stuff get real big, but _Ant-Man and the Wasp_ suffers the same problems of its predecessor, except this time with an added issue, one that effects many movies (and even more TV shows), the problem of \"The entire movie didn't have to happen if people would just have had normal human conversations with one another\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "John Smith", "content": "Actually quite good! It's like a less-weird, but more fun version of a Deadpool - in the sense that it is both filled with action but also with fun acting.\r\n\r\nI recommend it for a Saturday evening. It is quite wholesome."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I did indeed enjoy this movie\u2026somewhat. However I cannot say that I was overly impressed.\r\n\r\nThe story was okay. I would not expect a deep and thought provoking story from a super hero movie nor would I want it. It served as a decent enough vehicle for moving things forward.\r\n\r\nMost of the actors did a good enough job of the role they were given which in some cases was pretty much mission impossible given some of the overly silly characters in the movie. In particular I got tired of Luis almost before the first scenes he was in had finished. He was just so silly that you started to wonder what age the target audience was. Jimmy Woo was not far behind.\r\n\r\nI think this leads to my main gripe with the movie. I expected a super hero movie but what I got was a fairly lame comedy with super heroes in it. It was just too much comic elements in it for me. I could probably have liked it if the jokes were somewhat intelligent but, for me, they were not. They alternated between overly silly and stupid characters, slap-stick and simple fall-on-your ass jokes.\r\n\r\nWhat about the bad guy? Well, first off, there was not really a distinct bad guy but a hole bunch of them. Unfortunately none of them had any real bad guy charisma. I assume that Sonny was supposed to be the main bad guy and he certainly had enough evil lunatic air about him to fit that but again\u2026too silly. Then we have the lame Jimmy Woo who was just annoying. The Ghost was probably the best one but then she was not really a bad guy was she?\r\n\r\nI did like most of the action and the special effects though. The playing around with shrinking and returning to normal size, or greater, was both cool and funny. This shrinking business is of course a difficult theme to work with from a science and logic point of view. For instance, if you shrink a car to the size of a toy car it still weighs like a full size one and you cannot just pick it up. And what about the lab popping up and down all the time? Why weren\u2019t everything shaken to bits inside when they started to run around with it? And don\u2019t get me started about electricity and plumbing. But then, in this kind of movie I would say just just have to turn off that part of your brain. It made for some cool scenes after all.\r\n\r\nI also did like that the story was more of a down to Earth story. No overall galactic plot, no snapping of fingers to make\u2026well you know what. Okay, there was the post credit scenes which was a bit of an annoying tie in. Perhaps best of all though, I could not really feel much SJW or other form of politically correct preaching being showed down my throat. Today that is a great plus for any movie.\r\n\r\nSo, to sum up, I did enjoy it but it was not great and I was indeed a little bit disappointed at the end."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "For fans of the first one, which includes me, Ant-Man and the Wasp is more of what you like. More heisting. More car chases. More Giant Man. More of the three wombats. More humour. More mediocre villains. More romance between Scott and Hope. More family bonding. And of course, more quantum realm. It's fun. It's light hearted. It works.\r\n\r\nThat post credit scene though .... \ud83d\ude32"}], "recommandations_id": [383498, 299536, 335983, 284054], "youtube_key": "8_rTIAOohas"}