{"tmdb_id": 363053, "title": "Secrets of Kama Sutra II: Nirvana", "original_title": "Secrets of Kama Sutra II: Nirvana", "slug_title": "secrets-of-kama-sutra-ii-nirvana", "date": "2005-06-25", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dalia, a beautiful therapist for couples, has found sexual nirvana with the help of the Kama Sutra. She helps couples ignite eroticism in their relationships. Ultimately, everyone achieves an amorous outcome. Love Quarrels: David\u2019s secret is out. His girlfriend finds out he\u2019s been doing adult films and she\u2019s a bit upset. Dalia recommends that the couple perform together in a film to remove the issue of infidelity . . . and it works. Nirvana: Jonathan is suspicious of his wife\u2019s frequent outings with friends. Jonathan hires a detective to follow Kate and learns that she is secretly visiting the Kama Sutra to improve her sexual technique. Dalia brings them together sexually to strengthen their relationship. Transition of Love Making: Bill can\u2019t seem to make it past a third date. Once sex enters the relationship, the women leave. Bill goes to the Kama sutra retreat to learn how to successfully make the transition to lovemaking and make it past a third date.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yd68SYYjmU48xHvZN11e06mEVl0.jpg", "actors": ["Tamara Landry (Dalia)", "Gabriella Hall (Paula (segment \"Love Quarrels\"))", "Brian Heidik (David (segment \"Love Quarrels\") (as Dave Roth))", "Brad Bartram (Jonathan (segment \"Nirvana\"))", "Chloe (Kate (segment \"Nirvana\") (as Chloe Nicholle))", "Shyra Deland (Kara (segment \"Transition to Lovemaking\"))", "Taimie Hannum (Nikki (segment \"Transition to Lovemaking\"))", "Jarod Carey (Bill (segment \"Transition to Lovemaking\") (as John Smith))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}