{"tmdb_id": 363178, "title": "Thoongaavanam", "original_title": "\u0ba4\u0bc2\u0b99\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bbe \u0bb5\u0ba9\u0bae\u0bcd", "slug_title": "thoongaavanam", "date": "2015-11-10", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "An undercover cop finds himself in a Catch-22 situation where he has to return the drugs he had stolen from a kingpin in exchange for his son. The bag containing the drug goes missing, and with both gangsters and cops on his tail, can he get out of this mess?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ydqz82ndB2QTj51ubvl6iG6lQI1.jpg", "actors": ["Kamal Haasan (CK Diwakar IRS)", "Trisha Krishnan (Mallika)", "Aman Abdullah (Diwakar's Son)", "Prakash Raj (Vital Rao)", "Kishore (Dhiraviyam)", "Asha Sarath (Sujatha)", "Sampath Raj (Pedha Babu)", "Yugi Sethu (Mani)", "Madhu Shalini (Esther)", "Uma Riyaz Khan (Bartender)", "Jagan (Jagan)", "Santhana Bharathi ()", "Guru Somasundaram (Vittal Rao's Assistant)", "Rajesh M. Selva (Head Chef)", "Chaams (Chef)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Kamal Haasan has had three releases this year, and in a way, all three films have been about a man looking out for his family. In Uttama Villain, he played a dying movie star who wants to make amends with the children he has ignored all his life. The cable TV operator of Papanasam was someone who used his intelligence to cover up a murder that could have torn apart his family. Now, in Thoongaavanam, Kamal is CK Diwakar, a cop who fights tooth and nail with both gangsters and cops to save his kidnapped son.\r\n\r\nThere are also a few more similarities with the other two films. As in Uttama Villain, we get a scene where a son, who has come to resent his father for ignoring him, realizes that his old man actually cares a lot for him. And just as we saw in Papanasam, here, too, the hero, CB Diwakar is involved in a game of cat and mouse with the cops while trying to cover up a crime. He is a cop with the Narcotics Crime Bureau, and has staged an unofficial drug bust with his colleague Mani (Yugi Sethu). Vittal Rao (Prakash Raj), a club owner to whom the drug belongs, kidnaps Diwakar's son (Aman Abdullah) and orders him to return the stolen drugs in exchange for his son. Vittal himself is in trouble with Pedha Babu (Sampath), the gangster to whom he owes the drugs. Diwakar goes to Vittal Rao's club but is spotted by Mallika (Trisha), a fellow cop, who alerts her boss Dhiraviyam (Kishore) to this fishy business. Meanwhile, the bag containing the drugs goes missing and Diwakar has to use both brain and brawn to rescue his son and get out of the place alive.\r\n\r\nThoongaavanam is a remake of Frederic Jardin's French film Sleepless Night, and Kamal Haasan's script largely stays close to the original. But unlike Papanasam, where the thrills of the original remained in tact in the remake as well, here, those who have seen Sleepless Night will experience ennui while the rest might notice how the film fails to generate tension consistently. You can't put a finger to it, but something has definitely gotten lost in this translation. One reason for this could be that Rajesh M Selva doesn't capture the frenetic pace of the original, which hurtled from one scene to the next without pausing for breath. Here, after a point, we get the feeling that the film is repeating itself with similar set-ups \u2014 Diwakar trying to evade Vittal Rao and Pedha Babu, and Diwakar trying to shake off Mallika and Dhiraviyam amidst the partying crowd, terrified cooks and clientele. The night club (named Insomnia, a subtle nod to Sleepless Night) is the dominant setting and even though the film cleverly spreads the action across various areas in the club \u2014 bathrooms, party floor, kitchen, VIP lounge and the parking area \u2014 it isn't enough to shake off the feeling of claustrophobia. By the time the film gets over, we feel exhausted.\r\n\r\nThe additions to the plot (the original clocked a lean 90 minutes while this one goes on for over two hours) are clearly unwarranted. Like the bit about a star film that has failed to release on the promised date because of the producer's financial woes \u2014 a dig at the actor's own Uttama Villain, or the epilogue, which is mainly a sop to fans.\r\n\r\nBut even though the film doesn't come together as effectively as it should have, there are moments that keep us glued. A couple of bone-crunching fistfights (testing the limits of the UA rating) in the club's kitchen are clearly the stand-out scenes, and the stunts, supervised by the original's stunt choreographer, Gilles Conseil, raise the bar in action choreography. The tetchiness in the relationship between Kamal and his son in the initial scenes are nicely realized. Technically, the film is solid, as are the performances. Kamal's performance, here \u2014 stylish and a lot more heroic \u2014 is markedly different from what we had seen in his other two films this year. And he superbly balances the steeliness of the cop with the tenderness of the father. The understated Kishore and Sampath are quite a contrast to the flamboyant Prakash Raj, who steals the show. The latter plays a role that has become his stereotype \u2014 the over-the-top villain, but beneath the flashiness and the comic tones, he brings out the vulnerability of the character. Trisha is the lightweight among these performers, but surprisingly, the actress feels just right for the role. To an extent, these factors keep the film engaging, but when it's Kamal Haasan, is merely engaging enough?"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Didn't lose in translation, almost surpassed the original.\r\n\r\nThe meaning of the title is practically the same as the original French movie 'Nuit Blanche'. And frame to frame it was almost similar, except a few minor changes in the characters. It is a great remake, especially keeping in mind the Indian audience and the Indian style of story narration. I have seen within India, the movies got remade into other languages which is quite a fashion for quick money making, but recently the International remakes were soaring with the excellent results. That's mean Indian film industries growing rapidly.\r\n\r\nThe performances were good, but Trisha Krishnan was a surprise that I never saw her before in an action-lady role. The story was simple, a narcotic cop struggles to rescue his son from a drug-lord's captive. Everything happens in just one night in a nightclub building. It is not just a rescue mission, but the fate of many that decided when the daylight breakout. The stunts were much better than the usual Indian standards. It is a 2 hour movie which is a short for an Indian film, especially for not having songs and dances that saved around 15-20 minutes.\r\n\r\nI did not get bored of watching the same story for the second time in another language. There's a Hollywood remake is coming, and have to do it again. You can wait for the Jamie Foxx's performance or can try the original if you think you can't wait, but I also suggest this version which is not a bad either. This movie was well received by Indians than the French movie by French audience.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [357708, 273870, 349200, 387252], "youtube_key": "zd_eRjhXPGE"}