{"tmdb_id": 36375, "title": "La marche \u00e0 l'enfer", "original_title": "Edge of Doom", "slug_title": "la-marche-a-l-enfer", "date": "1950-08-03", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Martin Lynn se retrouve orphelin; son p\u00e8re s'est d'abord suicid\u00e9, puis sa m\u00e8re l'a rejoint dans la tombe. D\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 de ne pouvoir une fois de plus organiser de v\u00e9ritables fun\u00e9railles, Martin tue accidentellement le pr\u00eatre de sa paroisse. Le p\u00e8re Roth qui l'a recueilli finit par d\u00e9couvrir la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 et le convainc de se rendre \u00e0 la police .....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1TE8GrfaDLVtwSiXEJ6dMIPzhr6.jpg", "actors": ["Dana Andrews (Father Thomas Roth)", "Farley Granger (Martin Lynn)", "Joan Evans (Rita Conroy)", "Robert Keith (Detect. Lieutenant Mandel)", "Paul Stewart (Mr. Craig)", "Mala Powers (Julie)", "Adele Jergens (Irene)", "Harold Vermilyea (Father Kirkman)", "John Ridgely (1st Detective)", "Douglas Fowley (2nd Detective)", "Mabel Paige (Mrs. Pearson)", "Howland Chamberlain (Mr. Murray, the Funeral Director)", "Houseley Stevenson (Mr. Swanson, the Florist (as Houseley Stevenson Sr.))", "Jean Inness (Mrs. Lally (as Jean Innes))", "Ellen Corby (Mrs. Jeanette Moore)", "Ray Teal (Ned Moore)", "Mary Field (Mary Jane Glennon)", "Virginia Brissac (Mrs. Dennis, the Rectory Housekeeper)", "Frances Morris (Mrs. Lynn)", "Bess Flowers (Flower shop customer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It doesn\u2019t take much to poison a young man\u2019s soul. \r\n\r\nEdge of Doom is directed by Mark Robson and adapted to screenplay by Philip Yordan from the novel written by Leo Brady. It stars Dana Andrews, Farley Granger, Joan Evans, Robert Keith, Paul Stewart, Mala Powers and Adele Jergens. Music is by Hugo Friedhofer and cinematography by Harry Stradling. \r\n\r\nGive evil a root and it will grow and thrive. \r\n\r\nRelentlessly grim in thematics and mounted in classic film noir style by Robson and Stradling, if it were not for the heavy religio angle then we would be talking about one of film noir\u2019s highlights. Bookended by pious pontifications as Dana Andrews\u2019 priest offers his wisdom to a new understudy, everything in between is tinged by a bleakness as Granger\u2019s poverty stricken young man desperately tries to arrange a \u201cbig\u201d funeral for his just deceased mother.\r\n\r\nWith a mother fixation firmly planted on his shoulders, Martin Lynn trawls through the oppressive and unforgiving city looking for help but finding none. His employer, the church, nobody, so when his temper finally snaps he also has to contend with guilt and the police circling him like a straight-jacket. All the while Father Roth is hanging around to show the good side of the church, even turning into the punching preacher at one point. But can he grant salvation to a frantic Martin Lynn as his soul begins to fracture? \r\n\r\nSamuel Goldwyn effectively stopped backing the picture and Granger pretty much disowned it, unsurprisingly it flopped at the box office and has sort of languished in noir purgatory ever since. Shifting too much of the focus onto Father Roth really hurts the film, where Goldwyn had Robson do a re-edit and hired Ben Hecht to spruce up the religious theme. There\u2019s also a problem with Granger over acting at times, while Andrews is a touch miscast in a role tailor made for Pat O\u2019Brien. Though the support players, particularly Keith and Stewart, more than compensate. \r\n\r\nThere\u2019s enough bite in the narrative to do justice to the excellent visuals, a cynicism that haunts the shadows of this seamy side of New York, but this really should have, and could have, been so much better. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42325, 61960, 37195, 35958]}