{"tmdb_id": 364051, "title": "Les Innocentes", "original_title": "Les Innocentes", "slug_title": "les-innocentes", "date": "2016-02-10", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Pologne, d\u00e9cembre 1945.  Mathilde Beaulieu, une jeune interne de la Croix-Rouge charg\u00e9e de soigner les rescap\u00e9s fran\u00e7ais avant leur rapatriement, est appel\u00e9e au secours par une religieuse polonaise.  D\u2019abord r\u00e9ticente, Mathilde accepte de la suivre dans son couvent o\u00f9 trente B\u00e9n\u00e9dictines vivent coup\u00e9es du monde. Elle d\u00e9couvre que plusieurs d\u2019entre elles, tomb\u00e9es enceintes dans des circonstances dramatiques, sont sur le point d\u2019accoucher.  Peu \u00e0 peu, se nouent entre Mathilde, ath\u00e9e et rationaliste, et les religieuses, attach\u00e9es aux r\u00e8gles de leur vocation, des relations complexes que le danger va aiguiser...  C\u2019est pourtant ensemble qu\u2019elles retrouveront le chemin de la vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Aiwr2guib9g4b0wZK1csA5PRcBV.jpg", "actors": ["Lou de La\u00e2ge (Mathilde Beaulieu)", "Agata Buzek (Nun Maria)", "Agata Kulesza (Mother Superior)", "Vincent Macaigne (Samuel)", "Joanna Kulig (Nun Irena)", "Eliza Rycembel (Teresa)", "Katarzyna D\u0105browska (Nun Anna)", "Anna Pr\u00f3chniak (Zofia)", "Helena Sujecka (Ludwika)", "Mira Maludzi\u0144ska (Bibiana)", "Dorota Kuduk (Nun Wanda)", "Klara Bielawka (Joanna)", "Pascal Elso (The Colonel)", "Thomas Coumans (Gaspard)", "Leon Latan-Paszek (Wladek)", "Joanna Fertacz (Zofia's Aunt)", "Zacharjasz Muszy\u0144ski (Russian Corporal)", "Mariusz Jakus (Russian Officer)", "Tomasz Sobczak (Russian Soldier)", "Sasza Reznikow (Russian Soldier)", "Denys Ivenov (Russian Soldier)", "Pawe\u0142 Janys (Russian Soldier)", "Aliaksandr Malchanau (Russian Soldier)", "Otar Saralidze (Russian Soldier)", "Artur Janusiak (Russian Soldier)", "Helena Norowicz (Old Nun)", "Karolina Ziele\u0144 (Nun)", "Ewa Trzewicarz (Nun)", "Ma\u0142gorzata Paprocka (Nun)", "Marta Mazurek (Nun)", "Iwona Dombek-Rybczy\u0144ska (Nun)", "Dorota Zieli\u0144ska (Nun)", "Aldona Jankowska (Nun)", "Barbara Sienkiewicz (Nun)", "Magdalena Gnatowska (Nun)", "Danuta Borsuk (Nun)", "Ewa Pa\u0142uska (Nun)", "Katarzyna Skolimowska (Nun)", "Maria Szadkowska (Nun)", "Hanna Wolicka (Nun)", "Anna Korzeniecka (Nun)", "Irena Telesz-Burczyk (Nun)", "Wiktoria Adamczyk (Street Child)", "Franciszek Maziuk (Street Child)", "Kryspin Koz\u0142owski (Street Child)", "Rados\u0142aw Kowieszko (Street Child)", "Fabian Zaj\u0105czkowski (Street Child)", "Julian Plewa (Street Child)", "Konrad Dzierzkiewicz (Street Child)", "Maciek Pawelczyk (Street Child)", "Weronika Humaj (Girl That Danced with Samuel)", "Karol Paluch (Child of Zofia's Aunt)", "Kacper Le\u015bniak (Child of Zofia's Aunt)", "Marek Szukie\u0142ojc (Child of Zofia's Aunt)", "Delfina Wilko\u0144ska (Girl in the Bar)", "Weronika Humaj (Woman That Danced with Samuel)", "Delfina Wilko\u0144ska (Woman in the Bar)", "Andrzej Rydel (Photographer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When the house of peace was disturbed!**\r\n\r\nFrom the director Anne Fontaine. Like any of her works, this is another top class women oriented film. But it was partially based on the incredible true story. Partial means, no one knows what was the actual event. The director and her writers inspired by the diary the French doctor who worked for Red Cross in Poland at the end of the World War II, who wrote down her experience on it. So, with the small-small facts the story was built on for the film. Well done job by the cast and crew.\r\n\r\nWhenever you hear the word/abbreviation 'WWII', it always bound with nazi Germans. Since this tale takes place just after the war, when the Soviet took over the Poland from them, it is set to reveal one of the extremely hidden secrets. Just imagine how secret it is, like you have read many books and have seen many films regarding the WWII, but you have never heard about this, until now. It is a heart rending tale, but the thing is everything's about the aftermath, how they handled their state of condition.\r\n\r\nMathilde, the French doctor is fetched by a nun from the nearby convent is shocked when she reached there to see most of them are in the final stage of their pregnancy. They were sexually abused by the Soviet soldiers, but now she as to keep it quiet as requested by the mother superior. She's being an atheist and to whom she's treating, the believers, is exactly the opposite kind. But not just her, the nuns as well put aside their differences to overcome their situation.\r\n\r\n> \u275dFor us nuns, the end of the war does not mean the end of fear.\u275e\r\n\r\nIt's right on the coldest winter, does not tell about the original violence, but there's still a few incidents about the army atrocities, how they treated innocent nuns, even the Red Cross members. But remember nothing was the actual depiction. It would have been even better if it was a documentary film. Doing some research and telling us the tale, reading exactly as what was written in the diary. But the film was not bad, except the scene to scene, event to event it was very slow to move, except right on the point.\r\n\r\nThe story has a twist, but it was not like very powerful. It depends on how you would consider it. Because for me, I felt it was too cruel, hard to take on. The story about church people means, you would expect a gentle kind. Or even in such situation, as in this film, to react as much as possibly generously as what they're known for. But in the first place, it was no ones fault. They all fighting for the same reason, especially keeping the outside world in mind, each one reacted differently. So it is understandable, but not all the acts were respectable.\r\n\r\nAs the director said in her interview, this is a period film, but pretty much the same in the contemporary world where war is on. The violence against the innocent women. So it is a debatable topic. And if it was directed by some male filmmaker, he might have risked with the violences in the flashback scenes to bring more depth in the narration. The present film is kind of compromises on that, but still not easy to watch everything it shows. Particularly for the families. Great performances by all. One of the best films on this theme and of the year. The film is not to be ignored. Despite not about the war, but just like 'Under Sandet', about the following event.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [82133, 410156, 110551, 100764], "youtube_key": "Go63ZVVwivI"}