{"tmdb_id": 364116, "title": "The Door", "original_title": "The Other Side of the Door", "slug_title": "the-door", "date": "2016-02-25", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Une famille am\u00e9ricaine m\u00e8ne une paisible existence en Inde jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'un accident tragique prenne la vie de leur jeune fils. La m\u00e8re, inconsolable, apprend qu'un rituel antique peut lui permettre de lui faire un dernier adieu. Elle voyage alors jusqu'\u00e0 un ancien temple, o\u00f9 se trouve une porte qui s\u00e9pare le monde des vivants et celui des morts. Mais quand elle d\u00e9sob\u00e9it \u00e0 l'avertissement sacr\u00e9 de ne jamais ouvrir cette porte, elle bouleverse alors l'\u00e9quilibre entre les deux mondes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bigwDJShLGc8KSBAcjkApXnTMYz.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Wayne Callies (Maria)", "Jeremy Sisto (Michael)", "Javier Botet (Myrtu)", "Sofia Rosinsky (Lucy)", "Logan Creran (Oliver)", "Jax Malcom (Oliver (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When the balance was broken between the two worlds!\r\n\r\nConsidering this filmmaker from the B movies, this is not a bad one, probably it may remain as his best work for sometime. Definitely not a great horror film either, yet the rating it has received is a very low. The title says everything, but there are other things in the narration to get engaged with. Obviously a bit slow, and patches between the scenes should have been developed better. But overall film was slightly above average if you welcome a blend between two different cultures and themes.\r\n\r\nIt was the tale of a western couple who settled in Mumbai, but the film opens with their plan to start a family and later it moves to six years forward. Now they're grieving with their son's death, especially the mother with a guilty feeling. Then she comes to know a place to make a contact her dead son and to say proper goodbye. But what follows is the supernatural chaos in the house and finding a way to fix everything is the remaining film to reveal.\r\n\r\nThe concept was really wonderful, but the film was designed to be not scary or maybe those parts were just a clich\u00e9. You know those dead guys in the make-ups try to scare you stuffs. The story wise, it is refreshing, but should have been added more to it to make further interesting. It was just a 90 minute film, yet feel somewhat lengthy. Actors were decent, the locations were okay, the production was much better and the overall film was acceptable kind. Except easily predictable scenes, not bad for a casual watch.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This is one Oliver who doesn't need an army.\r\n\r\nDirected by Johannes Roberts and Roberts co-writes the screenplay with Ernest Riera. It stars Sarah Wayne Callies, Jeremy Sisto, Sofia Rosinsky and Suchitra Pillai.\r\n\r\nStill struggling to come to terms with the death of her young son, Maria (Callies) is told of an Indian ritual where she can say goodbye to her son one last time, under one condition. The condition is that the conversation will be on the other side of a door - a door which simply must not be opened...\r\n\r\nThere were far worse horror films than this released in 2016, that's not to say this should be a selling point for The Other Side of the Door, but it at least is effective in what it does. The problems really are that it's all very clich\u00e9 ridden, but how many horror films do not have clich\u00e9s anyway? This is one for those who are just after a few genuine scares, some creeping dread like atmosphere, and a nifty ending. It doesn't tread any new ground, and it comes off like the bastard child of Ringu and Pet Sematary, but sometimes a safe horror with clich\u00e9s is all you need for a decent night in with the lights off. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [257345, 329440, 301804, 146301], "youtube_key": "lHspoPJ-f54"}