{"tmdb_id": 364111, "title": "Jun, la voix du c\u0153ur", "original_title": "\u5fc3\u304c\u53eb\u3073\u305f\u304c\u3063\u3066\u308b\u3093\u3060\u3002", "slug_title": "jun-la-voix-du-coeur", "date": "2016-03-30", "genre": ["Fantastique / Animation / Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "L\u2019histoire nous entra\u00eene aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de 4 camarades de classe qui ne se connaissent pas vraiment mais qui doivent travailler ensemble sur un projet scolaire en rapport avec la musique. Jun est une fille dont les mots ont \u00e9t\u00e9 scell\u00e9s lorsqu\u2019elle \u00e9tait enfant par la f\u00e9e des \u0153ufs pour l\u2019emp\u00eacher de blesser les autres. En effet, \u00e0 cause d\u2019une certaine chose qu\u2019elle a dite lorsqu\u2019elle \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s jeune, sa famille s\u2019est d\u00e9chir\u00e9e. Depuis ce jour, Jun ne s\u2019est plus fait d\u2019amis. Mais, un jour, elle est nomm\u00e9e responsable de la com\u00e9die musicale du lyc\u00e9e dont elle tiendra aussi le premier r\u00f4le.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7bJHM6t6j3YLjDNTwe4hyghKqSr.jpg", "actors": ["Sora Amamiya (Natsuki Nido (voice))", "Yoshimasa Hosoya (Daiki Tazaki (voice))", "Inori Minase (Jun Naruse (voice))", "Kouki Uchiyama (Takumi Sakagami (Voice))", "Keiji Fujiwara (Kazuki Joushima (Voice))", "Yo Yoshida (Izumi Naruse (Voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A quadrangular high school love story!\r\n\r\nThe first mistake we all make is to expect it to match with the type of films what Isao Takahata, Hayao Miyazaki, Mamoru Hosada and few others direct. I meant thematically; either sci-fi, fantasy or the drama with the teen or the tween characters in the lead. Because technically this was a wonderful animation, but I was not impressed with the story, otherwise as usual, my writing would have been very long with the film quotes and other discussions.\r\n\r\nFor the beautifully sketched characters like this, the film totally wasted an opportunity. Should have been a beautiful love story or a pure fantasy, but it was a bit of uninspiring school drama that I kind frequently lost interest while watching.\r\n\r\nI remind who wanted to watch it that it was a simple story which was like some kind of a television episode. The fantasy parts were too small to notice and the love story was very boring to emotionally feel it. It might suit for those who're seeking matured contents in an anime fantasy-romance than a cute and quirky narration. My point is it is for adults than children.\r\n\r\nOverall, it failed to reach my expectations, but the online film rating says many has liked it. So don't mind me if you're considering it, but my review causing confusion. Because you should not have to feel what I felt, everything I said in the review is from my personal viewpoint. So I believe your opinion might differ from mine.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [212167, 333622, 92321, 74799], "youtube_key": "MigQL0tbGnU"}