{"tmdb_id": 364293, "title": "Watchers 2: Signs in the Heavens and the Earth", "original_title": "Watchers 2: Signs in the Heavens and the Earth", "slug_title": "watchers-2-signs-in-the-heavens-and-the-earth", "date": "2011-05-24", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Why are the nations of the world in turmoil? What is happening with the sun and the moon? Why is it that birds are dropping out of the air dead, and why have fish numbering into the millions suddenly died without explanation? Why are there sinkholes of gigantic proportions appearing all over the earth, and what are the Torah Codes saying about the moon? What about the UFO seen over the Temple Mount? Something has changed, and Watchers 2 will try and investigate if what ancient texts have said for millenniums are true - that we are entering a period where there will be wars, earthquakes, and famines - including signs in the skies and the heavens. L.A. Marzulli offers brilliant comment as well as interview experts on this volume. Including: Chuck Missler, Rabbi Aaron Parry, Stan Deyo and Jim Wilhelmsen, Marshall Masters and Dr. Roger Leir will also give us his update on alien implants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8TwOzt7YDxG7P4ZhJLRcvVLMJNU.jpg", "actors": ["L.A. Marzulli (Host)", "Stan Deyo (Himself)", "Roger Leir (Himself)", "Chuck Missler (Himself)", "Matityahu Glazerson (Himself (as Rabbi Glazerson))", "Robert Malsack (Himself)", "Aaron Parry (Himself (as Rabbi Aaron Parry))", "Marshall Masters (Himself)", "Megumi Oguro (Himself)", "Jim Wilhelmsen (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "JH-QLDVVIrQ"}