{"tmdb_id": 36439, "title": "The Unknown Soldier", "original_title": "Tuntematon sotilas", "slug_title": "the-unknown-soldier", "date": "1955-12-23", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "It is the summer of 1941. An eastern-Finnish machine gun company receives an order to turn in their surplus equipment. The company is transferred to the front lines. The next morning the soldiers wake to the sound of guns - the war has begun. The Finnish troops attack and quickly move across the border. The young, nervous rookies of the company get their baptism of fire, and the men become familiar with death and the hardships of war. Under strength and badly equipped they fight a superior enemy. The lists of heroes and of the dead seem endless. Edvin Laine's epic interpretation of V\u00e4in\u00f6 Linna's war novel \"Tuntematon Sotilas\" is an entire chapter in the book of Finnish movie history.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3vXBRAd4tydmLsIvQGiVzwS6QOQ.jpg", "actors": ["Kosti Klemel\u00e4 (Koskela)", "Heikki Savolainen (Urho Hietanen)", "Reino Tolvanen (Antero Rokka)", "Veikko Sinisalo (Lahtinen)", "\u00c5ke Lindman (Lehto)", "Pentti Siimes (M\u00e4\u00e4tt\u00e4)", "Leo Riuttu (Vanhala)", "Kaarlo Halttunen (Rahikainen)", "Matti Ranin (Kariluoto)", "Jussi Jurkka (Lammio)", "Tauno Palo (Sarastie)", "Pentti Irjala (Kaarna)", "Vilho Siivola (M\u00e4kil\u00e4)", "Martti Romppanen (Sihvonen)", "Tapio H\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4inen (Salo)", "Helena Vinkka (Vera)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [41205, 63938, 38205, 37988], "youtube_key": "notfound"}