{"tmdb_id": 364457, "title": "For Love, Money, or a Green Card", "original_title": "For Love, Money, or a Green Card", "slug_title": "for-love-money-or-a-green-card", "date": "2007-03-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "British fashion designer Vivian (Roxy Jezel) gets some terrible news. The company she works for is closing and she is at risk of losing her visa. Vivian realizes that she's got one chance of not getting deported, she must get married! After a series of disastrous internet dating mishaps, her two friends (Avy Scott and Katie Morgan) come up with a plan. Enter Thomas (Randy Spears), a neurotic socially inept accountant, that for the right price agrees to do the deal. They say opposites attract, but this is a marriage made in hell. Will Vivian and Thomas kill each other or will they actually find love? And if so, will they do it before the pesky INS agent (Nina Hartley) uncovers the truth? Award winning writer/director Stormy Daniels takes you on a sexy and hilarious adventure about just how far people will go For Love, Money or a Green Card.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eDeGl5k9u7Aqz89A6wNzB26qlCP.jpg", "actors": ["Roxy Jezel (Vivian)", "Randy Spears (Thomas)", "Katie Morgan (Diana)", "Avy Scott ()", "Gia Paloma (Mandy)", "Tommy Gunn (Gary)", "Mr. Pete (Corey)", "Nina Hartley (INS Agent)", "Kinzie Kenner ()", "Van Damage ()", "Nick Manning ()", "Avy Scott (Melissa)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}