{"tmdb_id": 364540, "title": "Fantastic Birthday", "original_title": "Girl Asleep", "slug_title": "fantastic-birthday", "date": "2015-10-20", "genre": ["Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Greta Driscoll, jeune fille introvertie, est en passe de franchir le cap de ses 15 ans. Seule ombre au tableau : elle ne veut pas quitter le monde douillet et rassurant de l\u2019enfance, une bulle dans laquelle elle s\u2019enferme avec son seul ami au coll\u00e8ge, Elliott. Quand ses parents lui annoncent l\u2019organisation d\u2019une grande f\u00eate pour son anniversaire, elle est prise de panique. Le grand soir, elle va basculer dans un univers parall\u00e8le un peu effrayant et compl\u00e8tement absurde dans lequel elle va devoir affronter ses peurs pour pouvoir se trouver et aborder autrement cette nouvelle \u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4ohIpGpslodBYmZJtlQUw54uWEh.jpg", "actors": ["Bethany Whitmore (Greta)", "Harrison Feldman (Elliott)", "Amber McMahon (Janet / Frozen Woman)", "Matthew Whittet (Conrad / Abject Man)", "Eamon Farren (Adam / Benoit Tremet)", "Tilda Cobham-Hervey (Huldra)", "Imogen Archer (Genevieve)", "Maiah Stewardson (Jade)", "Fiona Dawson (Amber)", "Grace Dawson (Sapphire)", "Danielle Catanzariti (Denise Mackell / The Crone)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Wildly funny and deeply moving in equal measure, it is a work rich in larrikin character but universal in its themes and appeal...\"\r\n\r\nFull review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2015/10/20/girl-asleep.html"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Greta in woodland!**\r\n\r\nThis is a short Aussie film, kind of inspired by 'Alice in Wonderland', but originally based on the stage play of the same name. A teen comedy set in the 70s and revolved around a birthday party. So, newly moved into the town, Greta, finds hard to make friends, except a boy. Entering 15th, her family wants to throw a big birthday party inviting her new schoolmates, against her will. On the occasion, something goes wrong and the next minute, she's in a strange place with strange events and people. Her adventure begins to return home and the party she had left behind in halfway which revealed in the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nI thought it was a children's and family film, but some of the references like relating to sex was a bold move. Though nothing was serious, if you are not considering the matter to the deep. It was just like any teen film, a simple topic. Creatively enough, but not impressive enough film. Those 70s were the plus point, especially for a comedy, that timeline is always so funny.\r\n\r\nDecent performances and filmmaking, should have been improvised the screenplay. But my guess is the budget. It is a small cost film, but if they had better financing, surely they would have pulled it off so much better than this. Now it is an average coming-of-age comedy- fantasy, but worth a watch if you are not forcing yourself into it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [339079, 333358, 324276, 265347], "youtube_key": "SHRtgyT1pmU"}