{"tmdb_id": 36513, "title": "No Man of Her Own", "original_title": "No Man of Her Own", "slug_title": "no-man-of-her-own", "date": "1932-12-30", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Babe Stewart, a card cheat who has to go on the lam to avoid a pesky cop, meets a lonely, but slightly wild, librarian, Connie Randall, while he is hiding out. The two get married after Connie wins a coin flip and they move back to the city. Babe continues his gambling/cheating scheme unbeknownst to Connie. When she discovers his \"other life\", she presures him to quit. Babe feels crowded and tells her that he is leaving for South America. In fact, Babe has decided he wants to go straight and turns himself in to the cops.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9fZxHfa3x3Q0F2lCjhZMJj9vM9n.jpg", "actors": ["Clark Gable (Jerry 'Babe' Stewart)", "Carole Lombard (Connie Randall)", "Dorothy Mackaill (Kay Everly)", "Grant Mitchell (Charlie Vane)", "Elizabeth Patterson (Mrs. Randall)", "George Barbier (Mr. Randall)", "J. Farrell MacDonald ('Dickie' Collins)", "Tommy Conlon (Willie Randall)", "Walter Walker (Mr. Morton)", "Paul Ellis (Vargas)", "Charley Grapewin (George, a Concessions Clerk)", "Sammy Blum (Door to Door Salesman)", "Wallis Clark (Thomas Laidlaw)", "Lillian Harmer (Mattie)", "Ferdinand Munier (Trinkets Dealer)", "Clinton Rosemond (Porter)", "Oscar Smith (Porter)", "Jerry Tucker (Little Boy in the Library)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}