{"tmdb_id": 365136, "title": "Frota Monica e Cia", "original_title": "Frota Monica e Cia", "slug_title": "frota-monica-e-cia", "date": "2007-10-24", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Monica Mattos turns the main attraction of the gym and work out and everyone wants to fuck the cat, including bad boy Alexandre Frota.  Very gang bang this movie Brasileirinhas! While healed train in the gym, Monica offers a much better distraction: your body! The big guys go wild! Then roll a gang bang wild and without a condom!  Monica Mattos can handle double penetration standing up! The cat does everything without complaining! It's impressive! In another scene, Monica makes an epic orgy in the gym Fuck! Kid Bengala, Roge Ferro, Pitt Garcia and other big guys eat the lovely hot pussy and her ass too - and without a condom!  In this film, no one wants to work out! Business is chupa\u00e7\u00e3o and mete\u00e7\u00e3o with Monica Mattos! The crowd makes rotation with hot! It bites everywhere and who gets tired are the guys! Sensational!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/560lJCFyhctFOb0HCg2whTApjyY.jpg", "actors": ["Monica Mattos ()", "Alexandre Frota ()", "Kid Bengala ()", "Carlos Bazuca ()", "Pit Garcia ()", "Junior Carioca ()", "Leo Passos ()", "Loupan ()", "Marcio Pittbull ()", "Peterson Carioca ()", "Rocky Oliveira ()", "Roge ()", "Sandro Aquino ()", "Vinny ()", "Vitor Gaucho ()", "Vitor Lion ()", "William Carioca ()", "Yago Ribeiro ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}