{"tmdb_id": 36521, "title": "Plunder Road", "original_title": "Plunder Road", "slug_title": "plunder-road", "date": "1957-12-05", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AcAD1ZK6jJanG5rxisHZBr2g8l.jpg", "actors": ["Gene Raymond (Eddie Harris)", "Jeanne Cooper (Fran Werner)", "Wayne Morris (Commando Munson)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (Skeets Jonas)", "Stafford Repp (Roly Adams)", "Steven Ritch (Frankie Chardo)", "Harry Tyler (Gas station attendant)", "Nora Hayden (Hazel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In the most daring train robbery of all time...\r\n\r\nPlunder Road is directed by Hubert Cornfield and written by Steven Ritch and Jack Charney. It stars Gene Raymond, Jeanne Cooper, Wayne Morris, Elisha Cook Jr. and Stafford Repp. Music is by Irving Gertz and cinematography by Ernest Haller.\r\n\r\nAfter pulling off a daring train hold-up, a gang of thieves split up and hit the roads to meet up in Los Angeles in readiness to share their gold bullion spoils...\r\n\r\nA poverty row heist noir late in the classic cycle, Plunder Road gets in and does its job without fuss and filler and with no little style. Running at just 72 minutes in length, the first portion of film is devoted to the intricate robbery that is set at night in the sheeting rain and with barely a word spoken. It's meticulous planning, and thus this appears to be one highly tuned and professional gang of thieves. The rest of the film follows the gang, now travelling in three different vehicles, heading straight to noirville as their inadequacies and paranoia's come to the fore and noir's old faithful friend the vagaries of fate shows it's smirking face.\r\n\r\nCornfield and Haller (Mildred Pierce/The Verdict) atmospherically photograph the picture, using the Scope format to emphasise the impending implosion of the characters' plans as they move through the various locales and situations. It's solidly performed by the cast, with old noir hand Cook Junior doing what he does best, and Cornfield manages to eek out much suspense from what essentially is a simple story. The ending is all a bit too quick and naturally some contrivances are to be taken with a pinch of salt, but this is a good and enjoyable viewing experience even though it doesn't push towards the upper echelons of other heist movies in the film noir universe. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86946, 42062, 28023, 47149]}