{"tmdb_id": 365359, "title": "Detours", "original_title": "Detours", "slug_title": "detours", "date": "2016-04-20", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yv6AzQb0ccqZvT7PdfU3ZXm5xFs.jpg", "actors": ["Tara Westwood (Jennifer Giraldi)", "Carlo Fiorletta (Dan Giraldi)", "Paul Sorvino (Joe DiMaria)", "Richard Kind (Sam Jacobson)", "Michael Cerveris (Bob O'Connor)", "Kim Director (Grace Giraldi)", "Phyllis Somerville (Annie Delaney)", "Deirdre O'Connell (Beth)", "Vanessa Aspillaga (Megan O'Malley)", "Michael Pressman (Tom McKinnon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The dad and the daughter set to rediscover their relationship.**\r\n\r\nThis is a road movie, exactly opposite of one of my favourite in this genre, 'The Guilt Trip'. Instead, here a father and his daughter hit the road. Very brief introduction. Within the ten minutes, the adventure begins. It was like any other film you had seen, somewhat realistic, as well as cinematic. The life parts are so true, and so the relations between the father and daughter. The fun side of the tale is what the other side of reality. Just to make sure you are enjoying it, otherwise, those parts were never needed for such film.\r\n\r\nThe daughter who has given up her acting job to pursue a new career in the theatre management, embarks a road trip to Florida with her recently widowed dad. It is not meant to be a smooth trip. They talk stuffs, argue sillily, do things together for fun, so on. They are set to rediscover their relationship, after all the recent bad events happened in their lives. What happens when they reach their destination, lets us know before the narration comes to halt.\r\n\r\nNever seen this cast before, nor the director. A decent screenplay, but being an Indie film, it actually looked pretty better than that. Those father-daughter things, like generation gaps, I liked that part. Not too funny or very serious, a balanced narration. At first the performances did not impact, only as the story progresses, it got hold strongly. One of the best B movies of the year, as well as in the recent time.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": []}