{"tmdb_id": 36554, "title": "Les Rats du d\u00e9sert", "original_title": "The Desert Rats", "slug_title": "les-rats-du-desert", "date": "1953-05-20", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Guerre", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "En 1941, Rommel tient sa victoire sur les troupes anglaises. Le seul obstacle entre lui et le canal de Suez est la forteresse de Tobrouk, tenue par un petit bataillon de soldats australiens. Le capitaine MacRoberts les dirige et ordonne des raids contre Rommel, ce qui leur vaudra leur surnom de \u00ab\u00a0Rats du d\u00e9sert\u00a0\u00bb.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c1bjovkhTuE6i2zinStfVc4091R.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (Captain Tammy MacRoberts)", "James Mason (Field Marshal Erwin von Rommel)", "Robert Newton (Tom Bartlett)", "Robert Douglas (General)", "Chips Rafferty (Sgt 'Blue' Smith)", "Charles Tingwell (Lt Harry Carstairs)", "Torin Thatcher (Col Barney White)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Come out of your holes you desert rats!\r\n\r\nThe Desert Rats is directed by Robert Wise and written by Richard Murphy. It stars Richard Burton, Robert Newton, Robert Douglas, Torin Thatcher, Chips Rafferty and James Mason. Music is by Leigh Harline and cinematography by Lucien Ballard.\r\n\r\nThe follow up to The Desert Fox (it's not a sequel) from two years earlier, was in essence an attempt to readdress the balance after The Desert Fox annoyed certain quarters with its admiration for what a great soldier Field Marshal Rommel was. So here we have the battle of Tobruk orchestrated by the astute Robert Wise, the plot is simple, but the characterisations are most certainly not, with lead men Burton and Newton terrific.\r\n\r\nThis important part of the war is given mature treatment, with the battle sequences realistically staged and the tactical nous of allied force leaders rightly given credence. Sadly Mason is barely in the picture, which is more frustrating when you witness the extended scene that is shared between Mason and Burton, a British film fan's dream right there. While elsewhere it should be noted that this is, perhaps inevitably, not an accurate history lesson, so students of Tobruk don't be basing your thesis on this telling.\r\n\r\nStill, a good quality war pic for sure. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26205, 31938, 46614, 33813]}