{"tmdb_id": 36599, "title": "Le Bal de l'horreur", "original_title": "Prom Night", "slug_title": "le-bal-de-l-horreur", "date": "1980-07-18", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Une petite fille meurt accidentellement des cons\u00e9quences d'un jeu organis\u00e9 par une bande de jeunes, qui d\u00e9cident de ne jamais r\u00e9v\u00e9ler la v\u00e9rit\u00e9. Mais une ombre les a vu, et d\u00e9cide de se venger dix ans plus tard, \u00e0 l'occasion du bal de fin d'ann\u00e9e des gamins devenus de jeunes adultes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3KIy1qFmdLMwUrSlRAiovX5anhR.jpg", "actors": ["Leslie Nielsen (Mr. Hammond)", "Jamie Lee Curtis (Kim)", "Casey Stevens (Nick)", "Anne-Marie Martin (Wendy (as Eddie Benton))", "Antoinette Bower (Mrs. Hammond)", "Michael Tough (Alex)", "Robert A. Silverman (Sykes)", "Pita Oliver (Vicki)", "David Mucci (Lou)", "Jeff Wincott (Drew)", "Mary Beth Rubens (Kelly)", "George Touliatos (McBride)", "Joy Thompson (Jude)", "David Bolt (Weller)", "Brock Simpson (Young Nick)", "Melanie Morse MacQuarrie (Henri-Anne)", "David Gardner (Dr. Fairchild)", "Sheldon Rybowski (Slick)", "Rob Garrison (Sayer)", "Beth Amos (Housekeeper)", "Sonia Zimmer (Melanie)", "Sylvia Martin (Mrs. Cunningham)", "Elizabeth M. Mason (Adele (as Liz Stalker-Mason))", "Pam Henry (Car Hop)", "Ardon Bess (Teacher)", "Lee Wildgen (Gang Member)", "Leslie Scott (Young Wendy)", "Tammy Bourne (Young Robin)", "Dean Bosacki (Young Alex)", "Debbie Greenfield (Young Kim)", "Karen Forbes (Young Jude)", "Joyce Kite (Young Kelly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Quality slasher from 1980 with Jamie Lee Curtis***\r\n\r\nSix years after a girl is accidently killed near Lake Erie in the Cleveland area, each of the offenders gets picked off on prom night by an unknown killer. Leslie Nielsen plays the principal of the school and father of the girl who died.\r\n\r\n\u201cProm Night\u201d (1980) combines elements of \u201cCarrie\u201d (1976), \u201cHalloween\u201d (1978) and \u201cSaturday Night Fever\u201d (1977). It contains the prom set-up & conniving students of the first one, the slasher killer & Jamie Lee Curtis of the second and the disco dancing of the third. The emphasis of a group of teens in high school is reminiscent of the later \u201cChristine\u201d (1983). The movie debuted 2.5 months after \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d and less than 21 months after \u201cHalloween.\u201d \r\n\r\nWhile it\u2019s the least of these as far as polished filmmaking goes, it\u2019s not far off and scores better on the female front than all of them except \u201cFriday the 13th.\u201d It\u2019s basically a coming-of-age flick focusing on high school in the Great Lakes region with the threat of a masked assailant. There are no less than four possible suspects and I was unable to guess the slayer.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in the Toronto area (Richmond Hill, St. James Cemetery, Scarborough Bluffs and Don Mills Collegiate Institute).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [39929, 40969, 39874, 28377], "youtube_key": "j5pRzHJp_pM"}