{"tmdb_id": 36600, "title": "Le rideau de la mort", "original_title": "The Flesh and Blood Show", "slug_title": "le-rideau-de-la-mort", "date": "1972-10-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans un village paisible de la c\u00f4te anglaise, dans un th\u00e9\u00e2tre abandonn\u00e9, une troupe de jeunes acteurs r\u00e9p\u00e8te une pi\u00e8ce qu'ils veulent pr\u00e9senter sur la sc\u00e8ne londonienne. Cependant, peu conscients sont-ils du fait que ce th\u00e9\u00e2tre h\u00e9berge un terrible secret et qu'ils courent tous un grave danger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u0f2F3X6FvFXkod0FsnPr8jVDHy.jpg", "actors": ["Jenny Hanley (Julia Dawson)", "Ray Brooks (Mike)", "Luan Peters (Carol Edwards)", "Candace Glendenning (Sarah)", "Robin Askwith (Simon)", "Tristan Rogers (Tony Weller)", "Judy Matheson (Jane)", "David Howey (John)", "Elizabeth Bradley (Mrs. Saunders)", "Rodney Diak (Warner)", "Penny Meredith (Angela)", "Sally Lahee (Iris Vokins)", "John Yule (Gerry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Boobs, Butts and Blood - All Suffering Pier Pressure!\r\n\r\nPete Walker brings us a proto-slasher that's now as cornball as can be. Is it worthy of respect in the pantheon of horror? Yes, maybe.\r\n\r\nThis is a coastal town that they forgot to close down.\r\n\r\nA group of actors and actresses have mysteriously been lured to an end of pier theatre to star in a play. Pretty soon they start being bumped off one by one.\r\n\r\nSo it be! There's plenty of nudity, actors siting around musing on the \"biz\" and its perils, while the matter of fact attitude to the disappearances is almost as ludicrous as someone opening the door in the middle of the night stark naked...\r\n\r\nIt's good fun in truth, especially for British film fans like me to see the likes of Robin Askwith and Jenny Hanley in this. The run down theatre setting is a good one, while the play they are rehearsing makes no sense and is quite surreal! 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [89376, 87495, 175245, 130165], "youtube_key": "9UmqP_HTFS4"}