{"tmdb_id": 36648, "title": "Blade : Trinity", "original_title": "Blade: Trinity", "slug_title": "blade-trinity", "date": "2004-12-08", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Horreur / Thriller / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 l'aide d'une manipulation d'image aussi g\u00e9niale que machiav\u00e9lique, les vampires ont r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 pi\u00e9ger Blade : sur un document vid\u00e9o, on le d\u00e9couvre en train de massacrer... un humain. Pour le FBI, Blade devient l'ennemi \u00e0 capturer. Pourchass\u00e9 par les hommes et condamn\u00e9 par les vampires, Blade va devoir se battre sur tous les fronts. Les vampires, qui multiplient les alliances secr\u00e8tes avec des humains ren\u00e9gats, sont sur le point d'utiliser son propre ADN pour ressusciter celui qui, il y a bien longtemps, fut le premier et le plus puissant d'entre eux. Entre course contre la montre et les pi\u00e8ges qui se multiplient, l'affrontement est total. Cette fois, Blade aussi va devoir montrer les crocs...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7fvMGeUSheqReZUJEmfMcY9UJ8M.jpg", "actors": ["Wesley Snipes (Blade)", "Kris Kristofferson (Whistler)", "Dominic Purcell (Drake)", "Jessica Biel (Abigail Whistler)", "Ryan Reynolds (Hannibal King)", "Parker Posey (Danica Talos)", "Mark Berry (Chief Martin Vreede)", "John Michael Higgins (Dr. Edgar Vance)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Asher Talos)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Jarko Grimwood)", "Paul Anthony (Wolfe)", "Fran\u00e7oise Yip (Virago)", "Michael Anthony Rawlins (Wilson Hale)", "James Remar (Ray Cumberland)", "Natasha Lyonne (Sommerfield)", "Ginger Broatch (Zoe)", "Patton Oswalt (Hedges)", "Eric Bogosian (Bentley Tittle)", "Erica Cerra (Goth Vixen Wannabe)", "Clay Cullen (Stone)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It might (barely) have gotten one more star if it hadn\u2019t been the third one in the Blade trilogy. As such it has some mighty good movies to live up to and that it doesn\u2019t.\r\n\r\nThis time David S Goyer took to both write and direct the movie. I guess he should have stuck to script writing or something. The action scenes are not too bad. However, that\u2019s all there is. Just a string of actions scenes barely strung together.\r\n\r\nThe worst offence of them all is Dracula. When I first learned that they brought in Dracula as the chief nemesis I thought that sounded cool. Wrong! Apart from a fairly cool look when he get really pissed off the film\u2019s portrayal of Dracula is a joke. It\u2019s an insult to the Dracula legends.\r\n\r\nTo sum it up, it\u2019s 2 hours of not too bad action but a disappointment as a Blade movie."}, {"pseudo": "YYMBR", "content": "After watching all 3 of the Blade movies in a row, it gives a lot of perspective. The first was before all the Marvel boxoffice stuff took off, the second was having some Reaper stuff which was cool, but Trinity was the best in the series for sure. It needs better writing as Snipes has attested. We can tone down the Deadpool a bit and have more Wesley being a badass and not trail off into side projects. Whistler's family origins type things as well as Hannibal King's, but focusing more on Blade because he seriously can carry the whole film like he should have been doing since day 1."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "When a horror movie has to resort to vampire dogs, you know they're completely out of ideas. That's the least stupid part of Blade Trinity."}], "recommandations_id": [36586, 36647, 2789, 834]}