{"tmdb_id": 36657, "title": "X-Men", "original_title": "X-Men", "slug_title": "x-men", "date": "2000-07-13", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "1944, dans un camp de concentration. S\u00e9par\u00e9 par la force de ses parents, le jeune Erik Magnus Lehnsherr se d\u00e9couvre d'\u00e9tranges pouvoirs sous le coup de la col\u00e8re : il peut contr\u00f4ler les m\u00e9taux. C'est un mutant. Soixante ans plus tard, l'existence des mutants est reconnue mais provoque toujours un vif \u00e9moi au sein de la population. Puissant t\u00e9l\u00e9pathe, le professeur Charles Xavier dirige une \u00e9cole destin\u00e9e \u00e0 recueillir ces \u00eatres diff\u00e9rents, souvent rejet\u00e9s par les humains, et accueille un nouveau venu solitaire au pass\u00e9 myst\u00e9rieux : Logan, alias Wolverine. En compagnie de Cyclope, Tornade et Jean Grey, les deux hommes forment les X-Men et vont affronter les sombres mutants ralli\u00e9s \u00e0 la cause de Erik Lehnsherr / Magn\u00e9to, en guerre contre l'humanit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k01Q6ATbfzNJgw4Zuoj0LTY3T9x.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Jackman (Logan / Wolverine)", "Patrick Stewart (Charles Xavier / Professor X)", "Ian McKellen (Eric Lehnsherr / Magneto)", "Famke Janssen (Jean Grey / Pheonix)", "James Marsden (Scott Summers / Cyclops)", "Halle Berry (Ororo Munroe / Storm)", "Anna Paquin (Anna Marie / Rogue)", "Tyler Mane (Victor Creed / Sabretooth)", "Ray Park (Mortimer Toynbee / Toad)", "Rebecca Romijn (Raven Darkholme / Mystique)", "Bruce Davison (Senator Kelly)", "Matthew Sharp (Henry Gyrich)", "Brett Morris (Young Magneto)", "Rhona Shekter (Magneto's Mother)", "Kenneth McGregor (Magneto's Father)", "Shawn Roberts (Rogue's Boyfriend)", "Donna Goodhand (Rogue's Mother)", "John Nelles (Rogue's Father)", "George Buza (Trucker)", "Darren McGuire (Contender)", "Carson Manning (Waterboy #1)", "Scott Leva (Waterboy #2)", "Aron Tager (Emcee)", "Kevin Rushton (Stu)", "Doug Lennox (Bartender)", "David Nichols (Newscaster #1)", "Malcolm Nefsky (Stu's Buddy)", "Sumela Kay (Katherine \"Kitty\" Pryde / Shadowcat)", "Shawn Ashmore (Bobby Drake / Iceman)", "Katrina Florece (Jubilation Lee / Jubilee)", "Alex Burton (John Allerdyce / Pyro)", "Quinn Wright (Lily Pond Kid)", "Daniel Magder (Boy on Raft)", "Matt Weinberg (Tommy)", "Madison Lanc (Tommy's Sister)", "Stan Lee (Hot Dog Vendor)", "Marsha Graham (Newscaster #2)", "Amy Leland (Cerebro)", "Adam Robitel (Guy on Line)", "David Brown (Lead Cop)", "Ben Jensen (Sabretooth Cop)", "Tom DeSanto (Toad Cop)", "Todd Dulmage (Coast Guard)", "Dan Duran (Newscaster #3)", "Elias Zarou (U.N. Secretary General)", "David Black (President)", "Robert R. Snow (Secret Service)", "David Hayter (Museum Cop)", "Cecil Phillips (Security Guard)", "Dave Allen Clark (Newscaster #4)", "Deryck Blake (Plastic Prison Guard)", "Ilke Hincer (Translator)", "Ron Sham (Translator)", "Jay Yoo (Translator)", "Grigori Miakouchkine (Translator)", "Eleanore Comes (Translator)", "Giuseppe Gallaccio (Translator)", "Rupinder Brar (Translator)", "Abi Ganem (Translator)", "Joey Purpura (German Soldier)", "Manuel Verge (German Soldier)", "Wolfgang M\u00fcller (German Soldier)", "Ralph Zuljan (German Soldier)", "Andy Grote (German Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\u201cX-Men\u201d laid the foundation for all the great Superhero flicks to come  \r\n\r\nI think the X-Men films have been so popular because the X-Men dare to be different. The concept of the X-Men strays far from superhero conventions. If you approach the X-Men films thinking you're getting something akin to Superman, Spider-Man or Batman, forget it.\r\n\r\nThe unique concept of the X-Men is that humanity is starting to evolve to the next level and a small percentage of humans all over the globe are starting to manifest superhuman powers from the mutant \"X\" gene. Two mutant leaders, who are old friends, take totally contrasting positions: Charles Xavier starts a school for mutant youths in upstate New York. His attitude is positive and his goal benign. Eric Lensherr or Magneto, on the other hand, is fed up with the paranoia of non-mutants. He starts a \"Brotherhood of Mutants\" with an attitude of superiority. Unfortunately, power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.\r\n\r\nYou could say that Xavier takes the approach of Martin Luther King Jr. while Magneto goes the route of Malcolm X, an interesting comparison.\r\n\r\nAlthough everybody has their favorite, I feel all three films in the original trilogy are of the same general quality: \"X-Men\" (2000), \"X2: X-Men United\" (2003) and \"X-Men: The Last Stand\" (2006).\r\n\r\n\"X-Men\" naturally lays the foundation by introducing the principle characters and the plight of the mutants. Wolverine and Rogue are introduced and slowly develop an interesting big brother/little sister type relationship. They come into contact with both Magneto's Brotherhood and Xavier's school and nobly opt for the latter. Magneto's bunch includes Sabertooth, Toad and Mystique, while Xavier's team includes Cyclops, Jean Grey and Storm, as well as adolescents Iceman and Pyro. Both groups of mutants meet and tussle at Liberty Island in New York Harbor, which is the weakest part of the film, but not bad.\r\n\r\nWhen \"X-Men\" debuted in 2000 it was easily the best comic-to-film adaption since \"Superman\" (1978) and \"Superman II\" (1980). It was the precursor to all the great superhero films that came out in the 2000s and has only lost some of its allure due to the quality of many of those films.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 44 minutes with several interesting deleted scenes available.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "X-Men is a milestone in cinema history. Without it being actually good and such a smash success, we wouldn't be enjoying the comic book movie world that rules the box office today.\r\n\r\nThe approach of X-Men was the right one. It told a relevant human story about prejudice, treating the source material respectfully and seriously. It's legacy may be greater than the actual movie, but X-Men is x-cellent!"}], "recommandations_id": [36668, 36658, 2080, 49538], "youtube_key": "nbNcULQFojc"}