{"tmdb_id": 366505, "title": "L'Olivier", "original_title": "El olivo", "slug_title": "l-olivier", "date": "2016-05-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Alma, jeune femme engag\u00e9e, reprend l\u2019exploitation agricole de son grand p\u00e8re. Ce dernier a \u00e9t\u00e9 contraint de vendre son olivier mill\u00e9naire \u00e0 une multinationale et ne s\u2019en est jamais remis. Alma d\u00e9cide de renverser l\u2019ordre \u00e9tabli et remonte la piste de cet arbre unique, dernier ancrage dans ses terres familiales. Ce voyage rocambolesque l\u2019am\u00e8ne au coeur d\u2019un combat de David contre Goliath.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vK7LEEX4k7lv8sU6Z14fElVI7PP.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Castillo (Alma)", "Javier Guti\u00e9rrez (Alcachofa)", "Pep Ambr\u00f3s (Rafa)", "Manuel Cucala (Ram\u00f3n)", "Miguel \u00c1ngel Aladr\u00e9n (Luis)", "Carme Pla (Vanessa)", "Ana Isabel Mena (Sole)", "Mar\u00eda Romero (Wiki)", "Paula Usero (Adelle)", "Janina Agnes Schr\u00f6der (Sophie)", "Cris Blanco (Estrella)", "Paco Manzanedo (Nelson)", "In\u00e9s Ruiz (Alma 8 a\u00f1os)", "Aina Requena (Madre de Alma)", "Pia Stutzenstein (Katrin)", "Hannah Werth (Marie)", "Pilar Garc\u00eda (Conchita)", "Alberto Montes (Barman)", "Lesley Jennifer Higl (Recepcionista)", "Cristina Garc\u00eda (Mujer del Vivero)", "I\u00f1aki Mur (Chico Discoteca)", "Ana Ulloa (M\u00e9dico SS)", "Alexander Eisenbraun (Guardia de Seguridad)", "J\u00fcrgen Klein (Guardia de Seguridad 2)", "Rafa Cantos (Chico Cama)", "Anselmo Sospedra (Hombre Mesa Bar 1)", "Francisco Mar\u00edn (Hombre Mesa Bar 2)", "Emilio Verges (Hombre Mesa Bar 3)", "\u00c1ngel Ferreres (Hombre Mesa Bar 4)", "Alba Saura (Entrevistadora)", "Jos\u00e9 Torres (Hombre Mayor Sordo)", "Mar\u00eda Dolores Bel (Mujer Mayor)", "Nicol\u00e1s Ogalla (Nico)", "Vicent Cauxach (Hombre Mayor Enfadado)", "Natxo Rodes (Vecino)", "Daniel Rueda (Vigilante Seguridad Franc\u00e9s)", "Juanma Lara (Rodrigo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Trees, the pen the earth's holding to write its fate.**\r\n\r\nCheck about this film on the internet, it is definitely an under- noticed film. But decently rated, which deserve even better than that. Once you watched it, you would be surprised to know how such a beautiful tale went unnoticed. If I had a chance, I would have selected it for the Oscars to represent Spain, instead of 'Julieta'. Written by an Irish writer in English, but made into a Spanish film. A simple storyline, though an inspiring film. This is why one should watch non-Hollywood films as well very often.\r\n\r\nFirst of all, it was not the first film to deal on such thematic. But nicely created an atmosphere where the characters flourished under. Particularly the character Alma, the backbone of the narration. Proves why the actress who played the role deserved the Goya Award. The remaining cast too was good. It was not a pure drama, though a bit of adventure, fun and a tiny bit of suspense like what might happen next make you get glued to it.\r\n\r\nThe story of the granddaughter-grandfather relationship through their family tree that's two millennia old. But the rest of the family members are not happy as they are financially struggling to work on the farm. To them the tree is the answer which could replace a restaurant they are planning for. Now the grownup granddaughter, unable to console her grandpa who has been heartbroken for years, is set to retrieve the tree at any cost. She teams up with her uncle and a friend, and their cross-border adventure begins.\r\n\r\nIt was not exactly a pre-planned road trip. But somewhat everything comes along for them. You would expect so many things to happen, but the writer has a different opinion. Especially with that Statue of Liberty, I really expected what most of the viewers would do in a situation. Even the conclusion was not something twisty as it should have been. Only if it was a regular film, but it was not. Still, I liked it being realistic than having a cinematic or a fairy-tale ending. Though most of the people think the message was not right.\r\n\r\n> \u275dSometimes you just have to dive in. Head first.\u275e\r\n\r\nI have heard a small beautiful story somewhere. I think in Quora. It was about Giant Sequoia, centuries ago when the forest was destroyed due to wildfire, someone asked that how long does it take to grow a new tree this big! The answer was thousands of years. So his reply was: then we should not waste a minute, let's start seeding. This film clearly depicts with quite similar moral. A kind of mindset we all need the most right now.\r\n\r\nI loved the concept about saving a tree. Because that's similar to my believe. Once I had a FB profile picture with a quote, saying 'save plants, eat meat'. I have a soft corner to plants than animals (but still I love animals equally). At least animals could have a chance, but plants does not. They can't move, they're fixed. Hence, I eat only fruits and vegetables (which are plant's excreta as they love animals in exchange as that's how the cycle works in the nature), not leaves and branches like cows and sheep. This is one of the reasons why I loved this film very much.\r\n\r\nThe film did not focus on the farmer's struggle. Or the corporate's evil deeds. While the lifestyle in the world becoming so rich and modern, the farmers still remaining the same. On the other hand, the corporations becoming very fancy every day. So that's where this story comes in. Because money buys anything in the world. Striking emotions at the right time, the tale took a small twist, but course changing for the narration. Reminds us that the film has reached its other end\r\n\r\nIf you are not interested in all those things, but just an entertainment, then fine it has that too. The film was made with criteria to meet the expectation from all the quarters. The farmers, corporate, tourism, corrupt politician, all these were the platform. Most of them were not deep enough that you could notice. Everything's understandable. But wherever it goes, comes back to the tree. The tree remains the centre throughout the narration.\r\n\r\nThis is not like those films to say worth a watch. It should be watched in my opinion. Because what we teach our kids and what we do in reality, all has consequences. In this era where global warming is a thing, trees are precious, even one. Because everything starts from one. So just don't expect like a fight to save Amazonia.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [79068, 264735, 80133, 185508], "youtube_key": "notfound"}