{"tmdb_id": 367147, "title": "Buster's Mal Heart", "original_title": "Buster's Mal Heart", "slug_title": "buster-s-mal-heart", "date": "2017-04-28", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un homme en cavale se cache en montagne en s'abritant dans les maisons vides des vacanciers absents.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3FHmgpH9K8wNP1bWJM2U6lfkHHt.jpg", "actors": ["Rami Malek (Buster)", "DJ Qualls (Brown (The Last Free Man))", "Kate Lyn Sheil (Marty)", "Toby Huss (Deputy Winston)", "Lin Shaye (Pauline)", "Mark Kelly (Oscar)", "Bruce Bundy (Ranger Meg)", "Teresa Yenque (Adelita)", "Sandra Ellis Lafferty (Mrs. Bowery)", "Nicholas Pryor (Mr. Bowery)", "Lily Gladstone (Morning Shift Concierge)", "Jared Larson (Dale)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**He wasn't designed to fit in with the system!**\r\n\r\nThis is one of those films, you won't properly get the notion. Too random, surreal, but at the end somehow all connects. The narration has multiple layers, that's what confusing at the initial stage. Though I liked the character nicknamed, 'the last free man'. If I had watched this film successfully means, that's the main reason. But I felt they have under-used it or missed a great opportunity. Because it was a wonderful film character. Tens of stories can be created using such role. But why did they go for a dry story. In my opinion, it should have been in the line of 'Captain Fantastic'.\r\n\r\nRami was okay. He did justify the role he had played. But not like a performance of the year. I understand why this film was very dark, and partially being a dark comedy. The overall storyline looked good. The man with ambition, and to meet that end, he had dedicated his life. But he did not know what he's becoming. It was like 'Split' meets 'Bad Santa'. From all, the boat scenes were a bit of out of context. Yet it brought distinct perspective to the character who was struggling with reality. A film for a few selected people. I feel bad for rating it such low, but I'm only being honest.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [381011, 74646, 9949, 324794]}