{"tmdb_id": 36724, "title": "The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years", "original_title": "The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years", "slug_title": "the-decline-of-western-civilization-part-ii-the-metal-years", "date": "1988-06-17", "genre": ["Documentaire / Musique"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "An exploration of the heavy metal scene in Los Angeles, with particular emphasis on glam metal. It features concert footage and interviews of legendary heavy metal and hard rock bands and artists such as Aerosmith, Alice Cooper, Kiss, Megadeth, Mot\u00f6rhead, Ozzy Osbourne and W.A.S.P..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sDZ0bgMfoJbbhbiLj1nooDBWn1k.jpg", "actors": ["Dave Mustaine (Himself)", "Ozzy Osbourne (Himself)", "Chris Holmes (Himself)", "Lemmy (Himself)", "Paul Stanley (Himself)", "Gene Simmons (Himself)", "Steven Tyler (Himself)", "Joe Perry (Himself)", "Alice Cooper (Himself)", "C.C. DeVille (Himself)", "Bill Gazzarri (Himself)", "Bret Michaels (Himself)", "Riki Rachtman (Himself)", "Desi Benjamin (Himself)", "Aaron Samson (Himself)", "Shawn Duncan (Himself)", "Jeff Duncan (Himself)", "Randy O. Roberg (Himself)", "Joey Scott Harges (Himself)", "Gene Allen (Himself)", "Joe Holmes (Himself)", "Brian West (Himself)", "Nadir D'Priest (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Amusing documentary on the mid/late 80\u2019s metal scene***\r\n\r\nReleased in 1988, \u201cThe Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years\u201d by Penelope Spheeris is a documentary covering the 80\u2019s metal scene. The film includes footage & interviews of popular acts (KISS, Ozzy, Aerosmith, Megadeth, Alice Cooper, Poison), moderately successful bands (Faster Pussycat) and up-and-not-coming artists (London, Odin, Seduce). \r\n\r\nThere are obviously staged parts, like the orange juice spill, Paul Stanley in a bed with three lingerie-clad women and the drunken pool sequence with Chris Holmes & his mother. These portions were included to amuse, but they're also informative, as far as the commentaries from the actual musicians involved in the 80's metal movement go.\r\n\r\nThe rest of the movie is footage of live interviews and concerts, mostly at clubs with emphasis on bands that frequented the L.A. strip. There's nothing fake about these parts. The film covers the 87/88 metal scene and the people thereof, their ideas, attitudes, lifestyles and fronts.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s interesting going back in time to see iconic musicians when they were younger, like Lemmy, Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Dave Mustaine and Alice Cooper. It\u2019s also nice to hear some quality obscure acts, like Detroit\u2019s Seduce who were surprisingly heavy and aggressive when, by their looks and name, I was expecting conventional 80\u2019s glam metal. Even Odin and London show that they were formidable and deserved greater success.   \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 33 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [21137, 44848, 545957, 31802], "youtube_key": "notfound"}