{"tmdb_id": 36766, "title": "Lottovoittaja UKK Turhapuro", "original_title": "Lottovoittaja UKK Turhapuro", "slug_title": "lottovoittaja-ukk-turhapuro", "date": "1976-08-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "It is the first anniversary of Uuno and Elisabet. Uuno has placed a bet with his friend H\u00e4rski-Hartikainen a year ago, that if Uuno can take just one year of marriage with Elisabet, Hartikainen will treat him a festive dinner. However, Hartikainen buys a lottery ticket for Uuno, who agrees to deduct it from his debt \u2013 and the festive dinner is reduced to a can of milk and half a sausage. As it happens, Uuno becomes the lottery winner of 1.5 million marks, only to soon realize he doesn't own a single penny yet. Mister Tossavainen arrives and offers to finance Uuno before he actually gets the jackpot. Thus, Uuno gets to live a rich live on credit. He buys a raccoon fur, leopard swimming trunks and a couple of Mercedes-Benzes. Women begin to fancy Uuno and so does his father-in-law. As time goes by it is revealed, though, that Uuno is not actually a lottery winner, and so he has to escape the anger of others to H\u00e4rski's car repair shop.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qzhEqATNTa0FBiYdbceYQmh8jBf.jpg", "actors": ["Vesa-Matti Loiri (Uuno Turhapuro)", "Marjatta Raita (Elisabeth Turhapuro)", "Tapio H\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4inen (Voldemar Tuura)", "Marita Nordberg (Rouva Tuura)", "Spede Pasanen (H\u00e4rski Hartikainen)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [36765, 62897, 36764, 36767], "youtube_key": "notfound"}