{"tmdb_id": 367953, "title": "Fatal Obsession", "original_title": "\u5165\u9b54", "slug_title": "fatal-obsession", "date": "1994-07-09", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Cheung was the leading dancer in a dance team. She was too devoted to her dancing practices and frequently left her boy-friend Franky alone. This made happen a love affair between Franky and another female dancer Clara, who was also Cheung's room-mate. Franky decided to break-up with Cheung, but knowing that this will affect her public performance, Franky promised Clara to tell Cheung the truth after the performance.  The complicated relationship of the three was discovered by the stage director of the dance team. Tat Ming always told Cheung to spare more time for Franky but Cheung just ignored his words. On the birthday of Cheung, the four went out for fun and accidentally ran into a corpse home after a car crash. This haunted place gave Cheung the chance to discover the relationship between Franky and Clara. However, Cheung pretended as usual at the very beginning and soon she figured out a plan for revenge. ..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w48W9IYp3CQBQdLABTxVLDQc6fI.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Wan Yeung-Ming ()", "Yvonne Yung Hung ()", "Elvis Tsui ()", "Lily Chung Suk-Wai ()", "Cheung Kwok-Keung ()", "Victor Hon Kwan ()", "Helena Law Lan ()", "Lee Siu-Kei ()", "Leung Shun-Yin ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}