{"tmdb_id": 36800, "title": "Metropia", "original_title": "Metropia", "slug_title": "metropia", "date": "2009-10-21", "genre": "Animation / Drame / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans une banlieue de Stockholm, dans un futur proche. Les souterrains europ\u00e9ens sont reli\u00e9s par un gigantesque m\u00e9tro. Roger \u00e9vite de prendre le m\u00e9tro. il a l'impression que ses faits et gestes sont contr\u00f4l\u00e9s, entend dans sa t\u00eate la voix d'un \u00e9tranger... Pensant \u00eatre victime d'une machination, il demande de l'aide \u00e0 une jeune mannequin, Nina.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ncU8ylabRehPw3gtcUwvEO6Oqpa.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Gallo (Roger Olofsson (voice))", "Juliette Lewis (Nina (voice))", "Udo Kier (Ivan Bahn (voice))", "Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd (Ralph Parker (voice))", "Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd (Stefan (voice))", "Sofia Helin (Anna Svensson (voice))", "Shanti Roney (Karl (voice))", "Fares Fares (Firaz (voice))", "Fredrik Eddari (Mehmet (voice))", "Indy Neidell (Wayne Marshal (voice))", "Lotta Brom\u00e9 (News Anchor (voice))", "Sandy Mansson (Office gossip (voice))", "Michael Mansson ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A new kind of animation and probably the only kind to exist.\r\n\r\nA very unique Scandinavian-English language film from the technical aspect. The only one kind in the whole world which is actually an experimental product from the new productions. It was made primarily using photoshop, and then adobe after effects for animation. If you're wondering what kind it is, actually a 2.5D animation, that means it is neither 2D or 3D, but between those two. Like tricking the 2D object as the 3D material.\r\n\r\nWell they have succeeded to bring a visually impressive animation that mainly focused on the film character faces. The story was decent which is another dystopian concept where metro trains are the main content, hence it is called 'Metropia'. But the title also means 'visual refraction', that's what the story is slightly related too.\r\n\r\nAnyway, it was very suspenseful till the final and mostly talking drama than physical action sequences. At some point I felt it was like the recent stop-motion animation 'Anomalisa', but realised that I predicted wrong and the story travelled in a different path to end decently. Though the overall film was very impressive from both technical and narrative wise. One must not miss it, just for a its rare kind, especially you like animations, but best suitable for adults.\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [287011, 80652, 72596, 51010]}