{"tmdb_id": 368031, "title": "Friend Request", "original_title": "Unfriend", "slug_title": "friend-request", "date": "2016-01-07", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Laura, \u00e9tudiante branch\u00e9e, partage sa vie sur Facebook avec ses 800 amis. Par gentillesse, elle accepte la demande d\u2019ami de Marina, une \u00e9tudiante introvertie mais qui devient vite envahissante.\r En tentant de la supprimer de sa liste d\u2019amis, Laura va d\u00e9clencher des forces paranormales et voir ses proches \u00eatre d\u00e9cim\u00e9s les uns apr\u00e8s les autres\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rugZuMNLGnaFqvyFJ9RbwhIFoTB.jpg", "actors": ["Alycia Debnam-Carey (Laura)", "William Moseley (Tyler)", "Connor Paolo (Kobe)", "Brit Morgan (Olivia)", "Sean Marquette (Gustavo)", "Brooke Markham (Isabel)", "Liesl Ahlers (Marina)", "Susan Danford (Caroline)", "Shashawnee Hall (Det. Cameron)", "Lee Raviv (Young Marina)", "Nicholas Pauling (Officer Dempsey)", "Lauren Steyn (Teacher)", "Dorothy Ann Gould (Elizabeth Palmer)", "Kimberleigh Stark (Dean Richards)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I hope this isn't a portent of Alycia Debnam-Carey's future career.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Having 800 friends on the list, but not able to handle one particular.**\r\n\r\nThis is a spin-off of the 2014 film 'Unfriended'. So there's no comparison between them But you can't stop people doing that, particularly saying which version they liked the most. For me, I enjoyed the other one which was a bit different than usual in the same themed films. This one was not a single day event based film. It was stretched and developed, especially for the film characters to give more depth in the storytelling. A brief flashback in the beginning, and then comes back to the present with twist and turns in the tale.\r\n\r\nLargely based on facebook culture of the youngsters and the filmmakers applied the same old horror film formula to the rest. For some viewers it will work, particularly facebook fans, I guess. But this was an average film. Everything was already seen before in different film and you are only seeing it which is associated with social media, that's all.\r\n\r\nA German film, but made in English language and cast. The actors were decent, but in some case I was not impressed. There were many flaws, but surely they all can be explained where the film did not do that exactly as it should have even stretched further. That's the point, for being too casual, so the film looked like one of those B category horror-thriller from the past. For watching it once, okay. That includes if you have seen the 2014 film or not, because it is completely different and not fresh enough to impress us.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [277685, 335796, 364116, 321258]}