{"tmdb_id": 36815, "title": "L'Extase et l'Agonie", "original_title": "The Agony and the Ecstasy", "slug_title": "l-extase-et-l-agonie", "date": "1965-10-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Rome, 1508. Michel-Ange est charg\u00e9 par le pape Jules II de peindre les fresques du plafond de la Chapelle Sixtine. C\u00e9dant tour \u00e0 tour \u00e0 la passion f\u00e9brile et au d\u00e9couragement, le peintre g\u00e9nial supporte mal le comportement despotique du pape. L'affrontement entre les deux grands hommes est in\u00e9vitable...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dtLzQys0o01FPg3b54F3v76aA6U.jpg", "actors": ["Charlton Heston (Michelangelo)", "Rex Harrison (Papa Giulio II)", "Diane Cilento (Contessina de'Medici)", "Harry Andrews (Bramante)", "Alberto Lupo (Duca di Urbino)", "Adolfo Celi (Giovanni de' Medici)", "Venantino Venantini (Paride de Grassis)", "Tom\u00e1s Mili\u00e1n (Raffaello Sanzio)", "John Stacy (Giuliano da Sangallo)", "Fausto Tozzi (uomo)", "Maxine Audley (donna)", "Andrea Giordana (aiutante di Michelangelo)", "Furio Meniconi (contadino)", "Adolfo Pezzini (uomo alla cava)", "Paolo Magalotti (guardia svizzera)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "When will you make an end?\r\n\r\nWhen I am finished!\r\n\r\nAnd so it be that that is the often repeated exchange between Rex Harrison's Pope Julius II & Charlton Heston's Michelangelo, and thus we have the basis for the film version of Irving Stone's novel The Agony & The Ectasy. This is a fictionalised account of how Michelango came to paint his masterpiece on the roof of the Sistine chapel, focusing solely on the two main characters of the piece, The Agony & The Ectasy is a character and dialogue driven piece of work.\r\n\r\nI'm not here to give you a history lesson on the Renaisssance painters or the background to Pope Julius II (The Warrior Pope) and his term of office, there are many well written comments on this site that revel in that side of things. I'm here purely as a lover of this film and to tell you that I do indeed love it regardless of the obvious historical failings. It spins a smashing story of two great men driven to distraction by each other on account of each respective man's blustery ego, both men seemingly failing to realise that what irks them so, does in fact flourish the soul. Thankfully the two lead actors here put up a special show to carry the film with ease, with both Heston & Harrison really getting their teeth into the roles to feed off of each other with quality results - with one scene having Michelangelo goad Julius off of his sick bed being particularly memorable.\r\n\r\nThe toil and time consuming lengths that Michelangelo went to finish the wondrous ceiling of the chapel is perfectly captured by the pacing from director Carol Reed, and it's within this mindset that I personally feel engrossed with the characters from beginning to end. Though it should be noted that the film is not without moments of humour, some scenes shaking you away from the men's battle of wills to bring dashes of levity. It's safe to say that one should avoid this film if they are after a searing costume drama infused with battles and death encompassing romances, this is purely for those after fine art, fine acting, and most of all, fine story telling. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42143, 198825, 60542, 53781]}