{"tmdb_id": 368330, "title": "Katyar Kaljat Ghusali", "original_title": "\u0915\u091f\u094d\u092f\u093e\u0930 \u0915\u093e\u0933\u091c\u093e\u0924 \u0918\u0941\u0938\u0932\u0940", "slug_title": "katyar-kaljat-ghusali", "date": "2015-11-12", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "Katyar Kaljat Ghusli is a 2015 Marathi film based on a play by the same name. Directed by Subodh Bhave, the film stars Sachin Pilgaonkar, Shankar Mahadevan, and Subodh Bhave in lead roles. The film marks the acting debut for Mahadevan and directorial debut for Bhave. The original play premiered in 1967 in Mumbai, where Hindustani classical vocalist Vasantrao Deshpande played one of the protagonists. In 2010, the play was relaunched with protagonists essayed by Rahul Deshpande, grandson of Vasantrao Deshpande and singer Mahesh Kale. The film's music is composed by Shankar\u2013Ehsaan\u2013Loy, and retained some of the songs from the original play composed by Jitendra Abhisheki.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j7F68iJE341rIYwEl4m21KCWfkQ.jpg", "actors": ["Shankar Mahadevan (Pandit Bhanushankar Shastri)", "Amruta Khanvilkar (Zarina)", "Mrunmayee Deshpande (Uma (Daughter of Pandit Ji))", "Mrunmayee Deshpande (Uma)", "Sakshi Tanwar (Nabila)", "Subodh Bhave (Sadashiv)", "Sachin Pilgaonkar (Khansaheb Aftab Hussain Bareliwale)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "HulcutPsideyFli", "content": "This is a wonderful film. Won't giveaway much but will just say if you're a music lover you're bound to love this film. For me I was exposed to new kind of traditional Marathi music. Classical. Surely recommend. Watched it at PVR Goregaon 12:30pm, 13 Nov. Audi 3 was almost full."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "1iTazEogwiY"}