{"tmdb_id": 368336, "title": "Still the Beaver", "original_title": "Still the Beaver", "slug_title": "still-the-beaver", "date": "1983-03-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "This movie reunites most of the members of the Cleaver clan, Wally, June, and of course, the Beaver. Their father Ward has passed away. Wally's married to Mary Ellen and a successful lawyer and has everything to make his life complete except for a child. The Beaver is married but unfortunately is still the same which is why his wife threw him out. With nowhere else to go, he goes home. And he also decides that he wants to raise his children, in his hometown of Mayfield. His wife, who decides that she hasn't done anything in her life, decides to become a veterinarian, but she can only go to school out of the country, so she let's Beaver have the children. So he brings his sons there and they are not exactly impressed with Mayfield and feel that they were dumped there, and bond more with Wally than with their own father. They also have to deal with Eddie Haskell, who has gone from nasty to crooked. It's a good thing they still have their mom.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2vyiONot7k43V5uwysvEwv95UTK.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Billingsley (June Cleaver)", "Tony Dow (Wally Cleaver)", "Jerry Mathers (Theodore Cleaver)", "Ken Osmond (Eddie Haskell)", "Ed Begley Jr. (Whitey)", "Corey Feldman (Corey Cleaver)", "Joanna Gleason (Kimberly)", "Diane Brewster (Miss Canfield)", "Damon Hines (Marcus)", "Frank Bank (Clarence Rutherford)", "John Snee (Oliver Cleaver)", "Rich Correll (Richard Rickover)", "Janice Kent (Mary Ellen)", "Tiger Fafara (Tooey Brown)", "Eric Osmond (Eddie Jr.)", "Robert 'Rusty' Stevens (Larry Mondello)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}