{"tmdb_id": 368942, "title": "Emily Dickinson, a Quiet Passion", "original_title": "A Quiet Passion", "slug_title": "emily-dickinson-a-quiet-passion", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Nouvelle-Angleterre, XIX\u00e8me si\u00e8cle. Dans son pensionnat de jeunes filles de bonne famille, la jeune Emily Dickinson ne cesse de se rebeller contre les discours \u00e9vang\u00e9liques qui y sont profess\u00e9s. Son p\u00e8re se voit contraint de la ramener au domicile familial, pour le plus grand bonheur de sa soeur Vinnie et de son fr\u00e8re Austin. Passionn\u00e9e de po\u00e9sie, Emily \u00e9crit nuit et jour dans l\u2019espoir d\u2019\u00eatre publi\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e0t6ZsqOPRz2TZjFTNyLyZphriV.jpg", "actors": ["Cynthia Nixon (Emily Dickinson)", "Jennifer Ehle (Vinnie Dickinson)", "Keith Carradine (Edward Dickinson)", "Emma Bell (Young Emily Dickinson)", "Sara Vertongen (Miss Lyon)", "Duncan Duff (Austin Dickinson)", "Jodhi May (Susan Gilbert)", "Joanna Bacon (Emily Norcross)", "Benjamin Wainwright (Young Austin Dickinson)", "Catherine Bailey (Vryling Buffam)", "Annette Badland (Aunt Elizabeth)", "No\u00e9mie Schellens (Mabel Loomis Todd)", "Rose Williams (Young Vinnie Dickinson)", "Miles Richardson (Pastor)", "Eric Loren (Reverend Wadsworth)", "Stefan Menaul (Mr. Emmons)", "Maurice Cassiers (Photographer)", "Barney Glover (Dancing Soldier)", "Simone Milsdochter (Mrs. Wadsworth)", "Yasmin Dewilde (Maggie Maher)", "Marieke Bresseleers (Jenny Lind)", "Verona Verbakel (Margaret Kelley)", "Turlough Convery (Thomas Kelley)", "Brandon Tabassi (Emily's Irish Pallbearer)", "Lo\u00efs van Wijk (Classmate of Young Emily)", "Trevor Cooper (Samuel Bowles)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Being a biopic, it justifies! But not everybody thinks that way!**\r\n\r\nI don't know what did everybody expected from it, but I thought it was good. It is a biopic and you can't anticipate a film to alter for your comfort. Not all the films based on the real person are one hundred per cent exact depiction. Recreation is impossible, but getting somewhere close to it what this film did like many others. Because you won't able to cover thousands of hours of a person's life in just 120 minutes. The director did his part finely and so the actors.\r\n\r\nPeriodic flick means we expect fancy costumes. This film had started like one, but faded away quickly, once the story started to get serious. After graduating from the school, the young Emily Dickinson decides to write poetries and she succeeds too. But she's not a person of god as her family or the society she's living in. Then she meets another young woman like her. Soon everybody around her starts to get disappear as the phase of life moving on, so she loses all the company. How her rest of the life happens were revealed on the remaining part.\r\n\r\nDespite both the versions of Emily were good, it also became the weakness of the film. They should have went for one actor with make- up option. I liked first half and the second half, but it looked two different films with two different actors. Setting in the 19th century, the struggles of women is what it highlighted. Most of the film took place in the Emily's house. Being a true story, it is worthy film. But not everybody would enjoy it. Because that's not how Emily Dickinson lived. I meant to get cheers from the today's audience for her film.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [34192, 424585, 48856, 474063]}