{"tmdb_id": 36928, "title": "H", "original_title": "\uc5d0\uc774\uce58", "slug_title": "h", "date": "2002-12-26", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "A serial killer named Shin-Hyun gives himself up to police. He is imprisoned, awaiting the death sentence for his crimes. Yet the killings do not stop. They continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the Shin-Hyun serial killings. Detective Mi Yun, and her newly appointed partner, Detective Kang, are assigned to the case. Mi Yun and Kang have difficulty working with each other. Detective Kang follows a new suspect, Huh, and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar. Huh is taken into custody after Kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime. Yet the murders continue in copy-cat style. The police desperately hunt for new leads. They start an in-depth investigation of a Doctor Chu, who is Shin-Hyun's psychiatrist. But progress is frustrated when Dr Chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself. The murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect, a fanatical character named Choi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yclozBgpxMUCVBf1RHCe07vVy51.jpg", "actors": ["Yum Jung-ah (Detective Kim Mi Yun)", "Ji Jin-hee (Detective Kang Tae Hyun)", "Sung Ji-ru (Detective Park)", "Kim Sun-Kyung (Dr. Chu Kyung-sook)", "Cho Seung-woo (Shin Hyun)", "Lee Eol (Detective Han Jung-Woo)", "Park Yong-Soo (Chief Jang)", "Kwon Hyeok-Pung (Captain Lee)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [64223, 71480, 69493, 54558], "youtube_key": "notfound"}