{"tmdb_id": 36922, "title": "The Kaiser's Lackey", "original_title": "Der Untertan", "slug_title": "the-kaiser-s-lackey", "date": "1951-08-31", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Diederich He\u00dfling is scared of everything and everyone. But as he grows up, he comes to realize that he has to offer his services to the powers-that-be if he wants to wield power himself. His life motto now runs: bow to those at the top and tread on those below. In this way, he always succeeds: as a student in a duel-fighting student fraternity and as a businessman in a paper factory. He cajoles the obese district administrative president Von Wulkow and wins his favor. He slanders his financial rivals and hatches a plot with the social democrats in the town council. On his honeymoon with his rich wife Guste, he finally finds a chance to do his beloved Kaiser a favor. And when a memorial to the Kaiser is unveiled in the town where Diederich lives and works, he delivers the address. He stands behind the lectern in the pouring rain, saluting his Kaiser. The crowd is dispersed. Everything is laid in ruins...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cTYFSjqCKZUCC6NuNFruLQj4CUY.jpg", "actors": ["Werner Peters (Diederich He\u00dfling)", "Paul Esser (Regierungspr\u00e4sident von Wulckow)", "Blandine Ebinger (Frau von Wulckow)", "Renate Fischer (Guste Daimchen)", "Carola Braunbock (Emmi He\u00dfling)", "Emmy Burg (Magda He\u00dfling)", "Sabine Thalbach (Agnes G\u00f6ppel)", "Friedel Nowack (Mrs. G\u00f6pel)", "Friedrich Maurer (G\u00f6pel)", "Erich Nadler (Father He\u00dfling)", "Gertrud Bergmann (Mother He\u00dfling)", "Ernst Legal (Zillich)", "Raimund Schelcher (Dr. Wolfgang Buck)", "Eduard von Winterstein (Buck sen.)", "Hannsgeorg Laubenthal (Mahlmann)", "Friedrich Gna\u00df (Napoleon Fischer)", "Wolfgang K\u00fchne (Dr. Mennicke)", "Fritz Staudte (K\u00fchlemann)", "Wolfgang Heise (von Brietzen)", "Axel Triebel (Major Kunze)", "Arthur Schr\u00f6der (Landgerichtsdirektor)", "Paul Mederow (Dr. Heuteufel)", "Friedrich Richter (Lauer)", "Heinz Keuneke (Gottlieb Hornung)", "Ernst Wehlau (S\u00f6tbier)", "Antje Ruge (Virgin of Orleans)", "Kurt-Otto Fritsch (Young Worker)", "Viola Recklies (Young Worker)", "Oskar H\u00f6cker (Fritzsche)", "Georg August Koch (Medizinalrat)", "Martin Rickelt ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [6585, 13103, 51959, 9630], "youtube_key": "notfound"}