{"tmdb_id": 369300, "title": "Golem, le tueur de Londres", "original_title": "The Limehouse Golem", "slug_title": "golem-le-tueur-de-londres", "date": "2016-12-23", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Londres, 1880. Une s\u00e9rie de meurtres secoue le quartier malfam\u00e9 de Limehouse. Selon la rumeur, ces crimes ne peuvent avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 perp\u00e9tr\u00e9s que par le Golem, une cr\u00e9ature des l\u00e9gendes h\u00e9bra\u00efques d\u2019Europe centrale. Scotland Yard envoie Kildare, l\u2019un de ses meilleurs d\u00e9tectives, pour tenter de r\u00e9soudre l\u2019affaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sXYReNALD3cOfvq8JnBFIu5GPYL.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Nighy (John Kildare)", "Olivia Cooke (Lizzie Cree)", "Douglas Booth (Dan Leno)", "Daniel Mays (George Flood)", "Sam Reid (John Cree)", "Mar\u00eda Valverde (Aveline Ortega)", "Eddie Marsan (Uncle Tommy Farr)", "Henry Goodman (Karl Marx)", "Morgan Watkins (George Gissing)", "Adam Brown (Mr. Gerrard)", "Peter Sullivan (Inspector Roberts)", "Damien Thomas (Salomon Weil)", "Siobh\u00e1n Cullen (Sister Mary)", "Levi Heaton (Sarah Martin)", "Clive Brunt (Charlie)", "Edythe Woolley (Nell Gissing)", "Anita Breheny (Jane Quig)", "Amelia Crouch (Young Lizzie)", "Simon Meacock (Prison Guard)", "Paul Ritter (Augustus Rowley)", "David Bamber (Mr. Greatorex)", "Ben Moor (Hansom cab driver)", "Michael Jenn (News Reporter)", "Daniel Cerqueira (Evening Post Reporter)", "Patrick Durham (Elderly Man)", "Nicholas Woodeson (Toby Dosett)", "Mark Tandy (Judge)", "Neal Barry (Fisherman)", "Keeley Forsyth (Lizzie's Mother)", "Josef Davies (Ticket Boy)", "Graham Hughes (Little Victor)", "Lauren Kinsella (Gaelic Girl)", "Joseph Palmer (Autograph Fan)", "Roger Morlidge (Stagehand)", "Christina Tam (Den Proprietor)", "Clive Russell (Prison Warden)", "Paul Antony-Barber (Chief of Police)", "Charlie May-Clark (Annie Ratcliffe Highway Maid)", "Louisa-May Parker (Mrs. Gerrard)", "Michael Barron (Restaurant Diner (uncredited))", "Nigel Black (News Reporter (uncredited))", "Craig Carr (Prison Guard (uncredited))", "Graham Cheadle (Reporter (uncredited))", "Gary Davies (Middle Class Gent / Theatre Audience (uncredited))", "Steve Healey (Theatre Goer (uncredited))", "Craig Thomas Lambert (Upper Class Gent (uncredited))", "David Macey (Poor Man (uncredited))", "Jack Parr (The Handsome Man (uncredited))", "Tom Raven (Police Constable (uncredited))", "Nig Richards (Juror (uncredited))", "Bryan Samson (Juror (uncredited))", "Jake Sanson (Theatre Goer (uncredited))", "Olesja Sidorovich (Lady of the Night (uncredited))", "Baz Stone (Upper Class Gent (uncredited))", "Ian White (Juror (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The 19th century murder mysteries!**\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the same name. The late 1800s murder mystery, revolving around a young woman and an old cop who is investigating a series of murders. Elizabeth Cree had not had a best childhood, but she almost reached to her dream to become a best actress in the town. Then suddenly a murder jeopardise everything she had worked so hard. Now she has to cooperate with a detective to come out of the mess. But the tale takes a twist at every corner, making more complication for her freedom. How this puzzle is solved was told with a final twist that flips the whole scenario upside down.\r\n\r\nFirst of all, I love such costume drama. The atmosphere was awesome. Well maintained suspense, along with a good pace of the story narration. From all it's the actors, especially for me, it's the Olivia Cooke. Bill Nighy was not bad too. Despite he's one of the main character, Cooke stole the show. But the film was not a masterpiece. From an entertainment perspective, it delivered. I think it was a good adaptation. The only weak point is, most people would guess the end twist. It was intentional. But overall film was decent.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [129261, 296844, 409297, 404584]}