{"tmdb_id": 369654, "title": "Souvenir", "original_title": "Souvenir", "slug_title": "souvenir", "date": "1989-01-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "In 1944, a dashing German soldier and a beautiful French girl fell deeply in love while World War II raged on. More than forty years later, Ernest Kestner, retired and recently widowed, leaves his adopted home in New York and returns to France to visit his headstrong, estranged daughter, with the fleeting hope of finding the love he was forced to leave behind. But this is no ordinary vacation in the charming French countryside. The mood is strangely dark, and what Kestner and his daughter encounter is completely unexpected as the veteran soldier seeks the ultimate Souvenir - born from the ashes of a horrible, hidden secret. Based on the true story of Oradour-sur-Glane, a French town that was nearly wiped out near the end of WWII. Most every man, woman and child was gunned down or burned in retaliation for the French Resistance. The entire ruined town has been preserved as a national memorial.  - Written by Mackinac Media Inc.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mf6JNrotCHwND29g3z9pOvqm1M5.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Plummer (Ernst Kestner)", "Catherine Hicks (Tina Boyer)", "Michael Lonsdale (Xavier Lorion)", "Christopher Cazenove (William Root)", "Patrick Bailey (Young kestner)", "Jean Badin (Henri Boyer)", "Am\u00e9lie Pick (Janni)", "Lisa Daniely (Mme. Lorion)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}