{"tmdb_id": 369894, "title": "Wakefield", "original_title": "Wakefield", "slug_title": "wakefield", "date": "2017-05-19", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un avocat d\u00e9pressif se r\u00e9fugie dans son grenier durant plusieurs mois.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1SOw7s1g429ZnbJyKxGIXalSywR.jpg", "actors": ["Bryan Cranston (Howard Wakefield)", "Jennifer Garner (Diana Wakefield)", "Jason O'Mara (Dirk Morrison)", "Beverly D'Angelo (Babs)", "Ian Anthony Dale (Ben Jacobs)", "Pippa Bennett-Warner (Emily)", "Ellery Sprayberry (Giselle)", "Victoria Bruno (Taylor)", "Monica Lawson (Ellen)", "Isaac Leyva (Herbert)", "Frederick Keeve (Professor)", "Alexander Zale (Dr. Sondervan)", "Eliza Coleman (Gleaner)", "Bill Timoney (Homeless Man)", "Derek Weston (Male Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A man who looked after his family! Literally!**\r\n\r\nIt was like 'Rear Window' meets 'Castaway on the Moon'. A unique film, pretty much pointless, though the world is full of crazy people and everything can be possible. Originally it was based on the short short of the same name. Directed by a writer turned filmmaker. Most of the film was a background narration, despite the story was not a flashback. Because it has less direct dialogues between the characters.\r\n\r\nHoward Wakefield is married with two kids. A hardworking man to provide everything to his family. But seems he's not happy anymore as they are ignoring him lately. A perfect opportunity gives him a chance to know what his family can do with his absence. It might bring an end to all his doubts. Without any pre-plan, the event unfolds, but how long and the consequences, all focused on the later parts.\r\n\r\nBryan Cranston was really good. He's lately making some good films. Though I felt he was a little old for this kind of role. The rest of the cast was okay, mainly Jennifer Garner. The story was simple, but engaging. Maybe a new way to the self-discovery. I was looking forward to how the end would happen. That's a little disappointment, yet a very safe play, regarding how the prior events took place.\r\n\r\nMost of the people would expect a normal cinematic narration, like with all those things, twist and turns. But this was very much like a real life, except that how Howard survived a very long time in the attic and going unnoticed. The flashback really added some interesting flavour. When you are quite clearly rooting for Howard, that old story could change your stance, perhaps to neutral. They had created a great atmosphere, the event, but I felt it all became vain when the end was not clearly says what's the consequence. Whatever, I liked it and I surely suggest it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [426253, 443055, 285860, 347033]}