{"tmdb_id": 369883, "title": "La 6\u00e8me, la pire ann\u00e9e de ma vie", "original_title": "Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life", "slug_title": "la-6eme-la-pire-annee-de-ma-vie", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": ["Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Rafe a une imagination d\u00e9bordante et un l\u00e9ger probl\u00e8me avec l'autorit\u00e9. Lorsqu'il est transf\u00e9r\u00e9 dans un coll\u00e8ge o\u00f9 le r\u00e8glement est oppressif, il est vite submerg\u00e9. Avec l'aide de son meilleur ami Leo, il \u00e9labore un plan pour ridiculiser le code de conduite de l'\u00e9tablissement. Alors que la guerre est d\u00e9clar\u00e9e avec M. Dwight, le directeur, le chaos s'installe dans le coll\u00e8ge. Mais c'est sans compter sur la r\u00e9activit\u00e9 diabolique du directeur qui contre-attaque pour mettre hors \u00e9tat de nuire les contrevenants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4ivn2Ze0kWpFNXgow2itfkdQftT.jpg", "actors": ["Griffin Gluck (Rafe)", "Lauren Graham (Jules)", "Alexa Nisenson (Georgia)", "Andrew Daly (Principal Dwight)", "Thomas Barbusca (Leo)", "Retta (Ida Stricker)", "Adam Pally (Mr. Teller)", "Luke Hardeman (Shon)", "Jessi Goei (Bella)", "Jacob Hopkins (Miller)", "Patrick Fagan (Boy Candidate)", "Isabela Moner (Jeanne)", "Isabella Amara (Heidi)", "Madeleine Stack (Girl at Assembly #2)", "Efren Ramirez (Gus)", "Rob Riggle (Bear)", "Gemma Forbes (Dana)", "James A. Patterson (Restaurant Manager)", "Carlos Lopez (Moving Guy)", "Eston Andrew McLeroy (Student in Quad)", "Angela Oh (Superintendant Hwang)", "Jeremy Culhane (Animation Voice (voice))", "Stephen Kearin (Animation Voice (voice))", "Tom Kenny (Animation Voice (voice))", "Michael Matzdorff (Animation Voice (voice))", "Michael Rapaport (Animation Voice (voice))", "Jacob Vargas (Animation Voice (voice))", "Emma Dison Brantley (Homeroom Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**New school, new beginning and a new set of rules to adapt. What bad could happen.**\r\n\r\nNot good as I expected, either not bad as what the majority those who saw it says. The film was based on the book of the same name and the first one of I think in the nine book series. It tells the story of a middle school boy who transferred to a new school. Having no friends, straight he falls prey to a bully. Beyond that, the principal turns his life in the campus even harder with all his strict rules. His real adventure begins when he starts to break every rule and bring chaos, as well as joys in his schoolmates. From this, how the remaining story shapes are told with a twist.\r\n\r\nThere are similarities with this and many other films, particularly 'Wimpy Kid...'. Those interfering animations resemble that film. It's like a normal protocol in these days children film, so no complaint on that. But I'm very impressed with the quality. This film was too childish. I mean there's nothing wrong for the kids watching it, they will enjoy it. But for the adults, who had seen lots of middle school themed films of the 80s and the 90s, so it might look an average one. A good film for families with young kids. I particularly suggest to the such category audience.\r\n\r\nThe twist was unexpected. It was easy, but I did not go deep to predict that. I think most of you all too fail to see it coming. Particularly in a film like this who would think of it. That was not enough for me to like the overall film. It is entertaining in parts, but an average film from the inside and outside. Even though I hope they would turn the remaining books as well into the films. All these words I wrote in this review because of I'm being a non- target-audience. So if you are a kid or kid's film fan, ignore my saying and watch the film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [35949, 20965, 426469, 77824], "youtube_key": "jCAVBienXgg"}