{"tmdb_id": 369972, "title": "First Man - Le premier homme sur la Lune", "original_title": "First Man", "slug_title": "first-man-le-premier-homme-sur-la-lune", "date": "2018-10-11", "genre": "Histoire / Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "L\u2019histoire fascinante de la mission de la NASA d\u2019envoyer un homme sur la lune, centr\u00e9e sur Neil Armstrong et les ann\u00e9es 1961-1969. Inspir\u00e9 du livre de James R. Hansen, le film explore les sacrifices et co\u00fbts \u2013 d\u2019Armstrong et de la nation \u2013 d\u2019une des plus dangereuses missions de l\u2019Histoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/txUD2EzyNnPIX3dFb7jbKqAQTbm.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Gosling (Neil Armstrong)", "Claire Foy (Janet Shearon)", "Jason Clarke (Ed White)", "Kyle Chandler (Deke Slayton)", "Corey Stoll (Buzz Aldrin)", "Patrick Fugit (Elliot See)", "Christopher Abbott (David Scott)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (Robert R. Gilruth)", "Olivia Hamilton (Patricia White)", "Pablo Schreiber (Jim Lovell)", "Shea Whigham (Gus Grissom)", "Lukas Haas (Michael Collins)", "Ethan Embry (Pete Conrad)", "Brian d'Arcy James (Joseph A. Walker)", "Cory Michael Smith (Roger B. Chaffee)", "Kris Swanberg (Marilyn See)", "Gavin Warren (Young Rick Armstrong)", "Luke Winters (Older Rick Armstrong)", "Connor Blodgett (Mark Armstrong)", "Lucy Stafford (Karen Armstrong)", "J.D. Evermore (Christopher C. Kraft Jr.)", "Leon Bridges (Gil-Scott Heron)", "Steve Coulter (Guenter Wendt)", "Skyler Bible (Richard F. Gordon Jr.)", "William Gregory Lee (Gordon Cooper)", "Choppy Guillotte (John Young)", "Braydyn Nash Helms (Young Ed White Jr.)", "Edmund Grant (Older Ed White Jr.)", "Callie Brown (Young Bonnie White)", "Claire Smith (Older Bonnie White)", "Brady Smith (Butch Butchart)", "John David Whalen (John Glenn)", "Matthew Glave (Chuck Yeager)", "Rodney J. Hobbs (X-15 Flight Surgeon)", "Kermit Rolison (George Mueller)", "Willie Repoley (Jim Fucci)", "Ben Owen (John Hodge)", "Jim Stearns (David Hammock)", "James H. Williams (Pastor)", "William G. Tomek (Donald Babbit)", "Helen S. Jackson (Louise Sheron)", "Ambrit Millhouse (Syringe Tech)", "Mark Armstrong (Paul Haney)", "Kevin Buttimer (MSC Entrance Guard)", "Dustin Lewis (Ralph Morse)", "Robert Hatch (Joe Schmitt)", "Anna Chazelle (White House Staffer)", "Tyner Rushing (White House Staffer)", "Myra Brown (White House Attendant)", "Ronald Hicks (White House Attendee)", "Lawrence Jonasson (White House Attendee)", "Irina Labouz (White House Attendee)", "Anthony Paolucci (Jim)", "Philip Boyd (Reporter)", "Stephanie Turner (Kelsey)", "Timothy Batten (ABC Reporter)", "Aurelien Gaya (Agence France Reporter)", "Todd Truley (Houston Post Reporter)", "Mark Kelly (Reporter - Apollo 11)", "Tim Olcott (Reporter - Apollo 11)", "Andrea Maria Hintermaier (Hamburg Press)", "Jamie Anne Allman (Times Reporter)", "Charles Carroll (Senator)", "Brian Mahoney (Fire Inspector)", "Donald Watkins (Protestor)", "Tess Oakland (Diner Patron)", "Michael Lee Kimel (Bill Moon)", "Ryan Clay Forbes (Bill Anders)", "Joshua Powell (MC Engineer)", "Thomas Clay Strickland (MC Engineer)", "Brad Kitchen (Assistant Flight Director)", "Tim Harper (Flight Activities Director)", "Andrew Armstrong (Booster Flight Controller)", "Kevin Johnson (CSQ Agena Systems)", "Damian Lovello (CSQ Gemini Systems)", "Nelson Bonilla (NASA PAO)", "Shawn Eric Jones (Wally Schirra (uncredited))", "Andrew Stahl (Ken Mattingly)", "Mark Kirkman (MCC Fido)", "Brian David McCay (MCC Retro)", "Mark Schlichting (MCC GNC)", "Mark Yurgil (MCC EECOM)", "Andrew Buckman (MCC Guidance)", "Christopher Sgubin (MCC Network)", "Greg Puckett (Charles Berry (uncredited))", "Perry Zulu Jr. (Robert Lawrence (uncredited))", "Kent Wagner (Fred Haise (uncredited))", "Caroline Davis (Carolyn See (uncredited))", "Katelyn Davis (Sally See (uncredited))", "George Linkenback (Col. Frank Borman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gill-Man", "content": "Damien Chazelle has already proven himself to be one of the freshest new directors of the decade so far. Even after delivering the hard-hitting\u00a0Whiplash\u00a0and the emotionally-wrecking and whimsical\u00a0La La Land, he still knows how to surprise fans of his work, returning to the silver screen with grace. Combining every element of his previous outings that made him a household name, Chazelle makes sure the audience feels every ounce of power that he's thrown into his latest directorial effort. Oddly enough, it's his first foray into biopic\u00a0territory, a zone where many revered filmmakers have failed to capture the reality of the moment they're attempting to bring to life.\r\n\r\nGoing in, you'll already know how the movie ends, which is the problem most directors encounter when making a biopic. Finding a way to transfer the actuality of the moment while still feeling original and never appearing boring is a hard task that very few have been able to truly accomplish. With First Man, Chazelle manages to land a spot on that list of directors,\u00a0and for good reason. He keeps true to the true story with a film that's so intense and fully realized that you might forget that it actually happened.\r\n\r\nSpace movies have always been a highlight of cinema. From Georges M\u00e9li\u00e8s' 1902 silent film\u00a0A Trip to the Moon\u00a0and Stanley Kubrick's\u00a02001: A Space Odyssey\u00a0to the\u00a0Star Wars\u00a0and\u00a0Alien\u00a0franchises, films taking place in the farthest reaches of the universe prove to be some of the most intriguing and original creations brought to viewers' eyes (even by today's standards). It's the true stories that really prove to be some of the most effective, however. Sure, fictional ones show us what could be possible; but it's the depictions of true events that show us what\u00a0was\u00a0possible, creating a harrowing story of patriotism in the process.\r\n\r\nFrom a technical perspective,\u00a0First Man\u00a0is a marvel on all fronts. Linus Sandgren, the cinematographer who won an Academy Award for his work on\u00a0La La Land, returns to collaborate with Chazelle and once again delivers a grand spectacle that should not be missed out on while in theaters. The cinematography is stunning. Hues of yellow and blue pop, lighting a path towards the characters and showing no sign of stopping once they've started. Certain scenes are given an extra boost from the home-video-style camerawork, beautifully grainy and shaky in all of the right ways.\r\n\r\nJustin Hurwitz (Chazelle's roommate in college), another frequent collaborator, also returns to score the film and knocks it out of the park as expected. Hurwitz obviously knows how to write music, but its how his compositions fit in with the scenes and themes they're tied to that make them so worthwhile. Hurwitz invests you in the midst of all the chaos with all of the orchestral beauty surrounding his pieces. That's the thing about his scores, though: it's hard to objectively rank them because of how different they all are. Chazelle is a unique director because he never sticks to the same formula over an over again, and the same can be said for the accompanying music for each of them.\r\n\r\nActing is on point here; Ryan Gosling hits a huge emotional nerve with incredibly investing performance as Neil Armstrong. He keeps to himself (namely, his personal life) but is willing to risk it all for the mission. Nothing from Gosling is single-layered; everything is complex and detailed to the point that you might as well be in the room with him.\r\n\r\nClaire Foy also delivers an amazing portrayal as Janet Armstrong, Neil's wife. Foy topples every housewife stereotype that embodied this specific time period, giving a strong, contained, and free-willed performance of a woman who is certainly not afraid to share her thoughts on issues concerning her husband.\r\n\r\nThe flag controversy is totally stupid. The moon landing scene doesn't need the image of Armstrong planting the flag on the moon to dish up a heavily emotional response from the audience. If you get a chance to screen it in IMAX, definitely do. The expanded aspect ratio only comes into play during this specific scene but it is utterly transfixing.\r\n\r\nFirst Man\u00a0is one of the best films of the year, no doubt about it. Every shot is perfection. Every sound is excellence. There is no comparison to what Damien Chazelle and co. have accomplished here; even iconic films like\u00a0Apollo 13\u00a0can't live up to the new bar of quality Chazelle has set for the space drama subgenre.\u00a0A harrowing journey from start-to-finish, and a true masterwork in many respects,\u00a0First Man\u00a0is one film that delivers upon its promise and then some. Performances and technicalities are perfect, but that's what Chazelle will continue to be known for: perfection."}, {"pseudo": "YuanTian", "content": "A really encouraging film for a historic event. The music and silence are playing so well with each other. I am glad that the directors and actors did not waste a wonderful story. Though I always think the leading actor's appearance is significantly different from origin Neil, it does not affect the intense feelings."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Every time that someone's on a spacecraft, I was into _First Man_. It might genuinely be the first time I didn't hate scenes shot with continual use of shaky cam, which is noteworthy. But by and large _First Man_ was not for me, biopics often aren't, and _First Man_ is absolutely a biopic. It's not about NASA, or the Space Race, or landing on the moon, on astronauts, those things are present, but it's about Armstrong. I know that, because he is the only person, place or thing we get any real insight into.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [487558, 490132, 375262, 424694]}