{"tmdb_id": 370487, "title": "The Aerodrome", "original_title": "The Aerodrome", "slug_title": "the-aerodrome", "date": "1983-12-13", "genre": ["Drame / Science-Fiction / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "In the future England is ruled by a fascist government, and one day the leaders begin the construction of a heavily guarded, mysterious airport. BBC adaptation of  Rex Warner's 1941 novel of the same name. A stereotypical village in a somewhat alternative England is taken over wholesale by 'The Air Force.' Living in the village is young Roy, who has just learned he is not who he thought he was. Attempting to forge a new sense of identity, he joins the dashing Air Force, seduced by its dynamism and direct and brutal ways.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jMxUzkY9iC0dgTeEdLtcGNVzt6D.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Firth (Roy)", "Dominic Jephcott (Flt. Lieut. Mark)", "Richard Briers (The Rector)", "Richard Johnson (Air Commander)", "Jill Bennett (Eustasia)", "Natalie Ogle (Bess)", "Mary MacLeod (Mary)", "Mary Peach (Florence)", "Derek Martin (Provo Sgt. Peters)", "Sheila Reid (Bess's Mother)", "Vass Anderson (R.W.)", "Phil Rose (Mac)", "Michael Percival (Fred)", "John Sharp (The Squire)", "Stephen Riddle (Flt. Lieut. Preston)", "Norman Scace (Visiting Vicar)", "Phillip Manikum (Village Constable)", "Anthony Langdon (Man in Church)", "Peter Carlisle (Uncle Ralph)", "Joe Ritchie (The Carter)", "Geoffrey Chater (Dr. Faulkner)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}