{"tmdb_id": 370501, "title": "Cronulla Riots: The Day That Shocked the Nation", "original_title": "Cronulla Riots: The Day That Shocked the Nation", "slug_title": "cronulla-riots-the-day-that-shocked-the-nation", "date": "2014-12-17", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "On Sunday December 4, 2005, 3 Cronulla lifesavers were coming off duty when they passed a group of 8 Lebanese young men. They stared at each other, a heated verbal exchange turned quickly into a violent brawl, resulting in 3 lifesavers being beaten up. This event was to spark 10 days of violent mob attacks and retaliations, the likes of which Australia had never witnessed. This is the story of the dramatic events covering the lead up to and the 10 days between 4th and 13th December 2005 known as the Cronulla Riots.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uXKOJzrFQ6FIGqwrlo96IK8rS68.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lost89577", "content": "WOW so much wrong with this documentary, many facts skipped and a lot thing taken out of context to justify their view. What a waste.\r\n\r\ni will give a little more of the back ground about the conflict to explain how out of content their view is, with out pulling apart the documentary and this incident. It been going on for over 100 years the on going clash people in western Sydney and surfer in east coast of Sydney. the first recorded in Bondi Beach in 1907 and as time goes on the demographic in western Sydney changes. The names of the groups change in the conflict but fights on the beaches continues. in the 1970's it was the woggs (Italians) vs surfer in 1990's it was the hommies vs surfers and in 2000's it was the lebs (Lebanese) vs surfers. \r\n\r\nThis kind of conflict is not uncommon in cities around the world with in-lander vs surfers. but this is  not a valid reason for both parties to start brawls / riots."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}