{"tmdb_id": 37094, "title": "Chute libre", "original_title": "Falling Down", "slug_title": "chute-libre", "date": "1993-02-26", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Il a suffit d\u2019un rien: une chaleur oppressante, l\u2019\u00e9ternel embouteillage aux abords de Los Angeles et un sentiment d\u2019oppression insupportable, pour qu\u2019un homme ordinaire abandonne sa voiture en plein trafic et sombre dans la folie. Devenu incontr\u00f4lable, sera-t-il arr\u00eat\u00e9 avant qu\u2019il ne commette l\u2019irr\u00e9parable ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9pU5oiRpDPpBCSxhyHIB4gRMHki.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Douglas (William 'D-Fens' Foster)", "Robert Duvall (Detective Prendergast)", "Barbara Hershey (Elizabeth 'Beth' Travino)", "Rachel Ticotin (Sandra)", "Frederic Forrest (Nick, the Nazi Surplus Store Owner)", "Tuesday Weld (Amanda Prendergast)", "Raymond J. Barry (Captain Yardley)", "John Diehl (Dad at Back Yard)", "D.W. Moffett (Detective Lydecker)", "Richard Montoya (Detective Sanchez)", "Steve Park (Detective Brian)", "Kimberly Scott (Detective Jones)", "Lois Smith (Mrs. Foster / William's Mother)", "Joey Hope Singer (Adele Foster-Travino)", "Ebbe Roe Smith (Guy on Freeway)", "Michael Paul Chan (Mr. Lee)", "Karina Arroyave (Angie)", "Dedee Pfeiffer (Sheila at Whammyburger)", "Vondie Curtis-Hall (Not Economically Viable Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rob", "content": "Having just watched this movie I can say that I enjoyed it, not overly so. Its not really a tale of urban reality more that the everyday annoyances that we do nothing about and this guy turns them into a personal insult. Its starts normally enough, stuck in traffic, beep noises and drilling on a hot day, his AC is broken, the window is broken. Instead of just shrugging it off with that Monday feeling he just abandons his car and goes for a walk, to start with its a shop owner with overpriced drinks that gets his shop smashed up a bit, later only when threatened with violence himself does he defend himself against 2 gang members. This is where things start to suddenly go weird, the gang members drive round and stumble across him somehow, (I'm British but I think LA is a little too big for that) then spray bullets in a drive by 20ft away and miss him completely but hit everyone around him and then they promptly crash. He walks over to the car, collects a bag of guns from it then goes and shoots up a burger bar because they are not serving breakfast, which he then changes his mind to lunch anyway and it continues from there. I don't know if this was meant to show some sort of mental brakedown due to his previous life choices but his empathy just disappears. At the start you could relate to the character but the more you watch the more you begin to distance yourself from that notion until you realise you just watched a movie where a guy went round killing people for no reason other than anger at himself for destroying his family life. It leaves me wondering if that was the directors intention or a happy coincidence to push that prospective on the viewer."}], "recommandations_id": [241, 8195, 1900, 5503]}