{"tmdb_id": 371560, "title": "Les yeux de ma m\u00e8re", "original_title": "The Eyes of My Mother", "slug_title": "les-yeux-de-ma-mere", "date": "2016-12-02", "genre": "Drame / Horreur", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune, femme seule est consomm\u00e9e par ses plus profondes et les plus sombres d\u00e9sirs apr\u00e8s la trag\u00e9die frappe sa vie tranquille dans la campagne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iazimTjf1h5FfLzx9B7ijzUN8C2.jpg", "actors": ["Kika Magalhaes (Francisca)", "Diana Agostini (Mother)", "Will Brill (Charlie)", "Clara Wong (Kimiko)", "Olivia Bond (Young Francisca)", "Joey Curtis-Green (Antonio)", "Flora Diaz (Lucy)", "Paul Nazak (Father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Reminiscent of films like _Excision_ and _May_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Incomplete lessons and unexpected events of a girl's life!**\r\n\r\nThe film story has a deeper thought than just what you see it as a psychological drama. Everything is simply like what the title says. A young woman grew up in an isolated farmhouse with her father without many visitors. But her interest in the eyes came from her mother who was a surgeon killed by an intruder. So her character was built on those circumstances and where her future head is to come in the later parts.\r\n\r\nThe concept looked much better, but the film was too slow, even though it was a little shorter than the average film runtime. It is also a black and white film, and looked fine for such theme. Even though there were not strong gore. Limited cast and shot most of the parts is a single location and its surroundings. So it is a small budget film with good casting. But I'm having a mixed feeling for it. I think some would like it, and some wouldn't, but the majority would be like me stand in the middle. So I conclude saying it is an okay-okay film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "prabhushakti", "content": "Young director, Nicholas Pesce wanted us to watch a movie with the eyes of the psychopath he has created. So we see a dark horror film with so much emptiness everywhere across the film. But personally, what I never forgive, is when characters act absurdly. I am talking about the father, mother as well as their daughter. Her mother performs surgery of a head of a cow and teaches her little daughter about eyes. I am now sure how appropriate for a medical practitioner to behave in such a way in front of a child.\r\nAfter a psychopath kills the mother, we see the father becomes depressed and the child cleaning blood - taking care of the imprisoned psychopath in an unkind, psychopathic way. So that means this girl was born without empathy, kindness and all those basic human attributes.\r\nFrom this point, I am convinced both the father, the mother never behaved like normal human beings.\r\nAnd I don't want to think about what goes on in this film, how this little girl maintains a daily life.\r\nIn the end, even we saw police cars straight heading to the insane psychopath's house. I was thinking, a woman, lived years in such prison, who we found in a scene she has become speech impaired, somehow able to tell the exact place under couple of hours of being rescued.\r\nAnother unusual yet terrible thing is when the insane psychopath, who I absolutely have no sympathy for, when was performing rough surgery, the victims didn't even scream. I really cannot imagine what was in the director's mind before making such a story or scene.\r\nWe see full shots, sometimes narrow shots through windows, or typically entrance of doorways. I appreciate the cinematography and the way it is directed but there is nothing new about it that we haven't seen before and nothing good about it that we haven't felt before."}], "recommandations_id": [381767, 254194, 362409, 325302]}