{"tmdb_id": 371645, "title": "\u00c0 la poursuite de Ricky Baker", "original_title": "Hunt for the Wilderpeople", "slug_title": "a-la-poursuite-de-ricky-baker", "date": "2016-03-31", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Elev\u00e9 dans une famille d'accueil un enfant difficile de la ville va vivre un nouveau d\u00e9part dans la campagne N\u00e9o-Z\u00e9landaise. Il se retrouve chez une famille d'accueil aimante, quand une trag\u00e9die survient le jeune gar\u00e7on et Hec, l'oncle de sa nouvelle famille, s'enfuient dans le Bush. Ces nouveaux hors-la-loi vont devoir faire \u00e9quipe...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2wxvvnHKdZRB31Drf7PbRzPb0mR.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Neill (Hec Faulkner)", "Julian Dennison (Ricky Baker)", "Rima Te Wiata (Bella M. Faulkner)", "Rachel House (Paula Hall)", "Rhys Darby (Psycho Sam)", "Oscar Kightley (Officer Andy)", "Tioreore Ngatai-Melbourne (Kahu)", "Troy Kingi (TK)", "Cohen Holloway (Hugh)", "Stan Walker (Ron)", "Mike Minogue (Joe)", "Hamish Parkinson (Gavin)", "Taika Waititi (Minister)", "Lloyd Scott (Tourist)", "Selena Wolfe (Organ Player)", "Mabelle Dennison (Church Lady)", "Sonia Spyve (Court Lawyer)", "Timothy Herbert (Court Lawyer)", "Stu Giles (Sick Man)", "Selina Woulfe (Organ Player)", "Tuss (Tupac)", "Finn (Zag)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**He finally found his place, and now it's in jeopardy!**\r\n\r\nThe fourth feature film for the Kiwi director Taika Waititi. I loved all his films except the previous one, despite it was a famous title that the world loved, I'm not. So according to me this is a great comeback after a cheap vampire mockumentary. I was very confident that this would take up the New Zealand's the Oscars slot and then disappointed to find it was not in the initial list released by the Academy. Anyway, it does not need a tag like that, it is really an awesome film for everyone, though the theme has some adult contents in an indirect manner and violence like killing the wild animals. That means still it can be watched by kids with their parents' consent.\r\n\r\nWatching it takes you to the location live, so you don't want to end your vacation in the beautiful New Zealand wilderness which feels like untouched. It was nothing like you have seen in 'The Lord of the Rings' that altered with the computer tricks. This is raw and beautiful like the Tasmanian jungle from 'The Hunter'.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of an orphan boy named Ricky Baker, who is a troublesome. Finally a family from the remote place adopts him where with the initial hiccups, he started to get used to it. But after one of the members dies in his new family, the child service wants him back. This is where it all begins, because he finally found a place where he belongs, but they are trying to take it away from him. So he launches his protest that comes from a mistake which later becomes a national news. What's going to happen to him and the others around him told in the remaining part.\r\n\r\n> \"Sometimes in life it seems like there's no way out. Like a sheep trapped in a maze designed by wolves.\"\r\n\r\nSeems Ricky is obsessed with the films. He always talks about them and compares his actual state of condition to the different films he had seen and admired. Especially about the gangsters, I think that's why he became so rebellious, apart from his struggles in the orphanage. This film was based on the book called 'Wild Pork and Watercress' and I praise the author for creating a character like Ricky. As usual the screenplay by Taika Waititi was amazing. Not without the support from his crew and especially the actors like who played Ricky. So was the Sam Neill in an important role.\r\n\r\nFirst of all it is a fun film, despite whatever they have shown in this like about the feud between the child service and the kid. The film kind of looks like Wes Anderson's 'Moonrise Kingdom' without his signature. Except the initiation, what follows is quite aimless plot. So, not easy to predict the scenes, but somewhat we come to know the ending. It has to conclude either way, like happy or sad ending, or maybe both. But the overall film keeps us in the guessing mode, providing some laughs and thorough good entertainment.\r\n\r\nIt's really an appealing title and so the equally satisfying film. Especially if you like wild and green landscape, you should not miss it. The story was told in chapters which actually did not require, but those slices were helped to understand each section and its focus. I think it was a direct influence from the original source.\r\n\r\nThe director is now on a big leap, doing a superhero film in the Hollywood. The third 'Thor' film, that reunites him with Sam Neill for the second consecutive time. I'm waiting for that which is going to be a visual extravaganza. He has done great with smaller films till now, which are mostly the comedies, but what comes is his biggest challenge so far and if he does pull it off successfully, he would be another Kiwi director in the big league after Peter Jackson. Praying to happen that. In the meantime, I recommend you to check this one out.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [246741, 313922, 39356, 369557], "youtube_key": "dPaU4Gymt3E"}