{"tmdb_id": 37165, "title": "The Truman show", "original_title": "The Truman Show", "slug_title": "the-truman-show", "date": "1998-06-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Truman Burbank m\u00e8ne une vie calme et heureuse. Il habite dans un petit pavillon propret de la radieuse station baln\u00e9aire de Seahaven. Il part tous les matins \u00e0 son bureau d'agent d'assurances dont il ressort huit heures plus tard pour regagner son foyer, savourer le confort de son habitat mod\u00e8le, la bonne humeur inalt\u00e9rable et le sourire m\u00e9canique de sa femme, Meryl. Mais parfois, Truman \u00e9touffe sous tant de bonheur et la nuit l'angoisse le submerge. Il se sent de plus en plus \u00e9tranger, comme si son entourage jouait un r\u00f4le. Pis encore, il se sent observ\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/EelZzudHRvJmjWccWscN1S5vmI.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Carrey (Truman Burbank)", "Laura Linney (Meryl Burbank / Hannah Gill)", "Noah Emmerich (Marlon / Louis Coltrane)", "Natascha McElhone (Lauren / Sylvia Garland)", "Holland Taylor (Alanis Montclair / Angela Burbank)", "Ed Harris (Christof)", "Brian Delate (Walter Moore / Kirk Burbank)", "Paul Giamatti (Simeon)", "Peter Krause (Laurence)", "Blair Slater (Young Truman)", "Heidi Schanz (Vivien)", "Ron Taylor (Ron)", "Don Taylor (Don)", "Ted Raymond (Spencer)", "O-Lan Jones (Bar Waitress)", "Krista Lynn Landolfi (Bar Waitress)", "Harry Shearer (Mike Michaelson)", "Jeanette Miller (Senior Citizen)", "Philip Glass (Keyboard Artist)", "Una Damon (Chloe)", "Joe Minjares (Bartender)", "Philip Baker Hall (Network Executive)", "John Pleshette (Network Executive)", "Terry Camilleri (Man in Bathtub)", "Joel McKinnon Miller (Garage Attendant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Evan Zuqenshi", "content": "**\"The Truman Show\"** dares to question the reality. It's original, complex, and philosophical. It manages to make you feel truly frustrated and **claustrophobic**. \r\n\r\nPerhaps many of us can relate to Truman as we live in a time of routines. We often live our lives without giving a second thought to the simplicity and meaninglessness of life itself. Our limited perspectives keep us from seeing. The lies we are told keep us from the truth. If we could push the boundaries of our reality, what are the odds that we'd face what Truman faced in the end?\r\n\r\nIt was a joy to watch **\"Jim Carrey\"** as **\"Truman\"**, it is yet another proof that Jim isn't just a comedian."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb32492600", "content": "Truman...One of my favourite films. It's just hilarious. The whole concept that this man thinks he is living in the real world.\r\n\r\nVery well done to the Director and Writers!"}, {"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "On the surface, The Truman Show is about a man who has lived his life trapped inside of a bubble. He tries the entire movie to pop the bubble, and he eventually does.\r\n\r\nUnder that layer, though, is a complex theme. Does Truman really enjoy his cell? He seemed to for years. At the same time, he struggled with memories, but don't we all?\r\n\r\nAs the viewer, we're left to determine the morality of the happiness of millions versus the freedom of one. We're also left to consider whether Truman's cage was better than his freedom. A child born into a system that doesn't have a great track record or a life of relative safety with no knowledge of the cage.\r\n\r\nThe viewer also has to determine the sturdy nature of reality. What is reality besides our perception of it? What's real to Jim or to Bob? Are the things that are real to them real to me if I've never seen or heard about them?\r\n\r\nBeyond the philosophical questions the movie poses, the film itself is solid. Jim Carrey pulls off the part wonderfully. He's more than just a comedian, although he can bring the humor the instant the scene needs it. The supporting cast fell right in line.\r\n\r\nThe pacing may be a little slow early on for many viewers, but that is remedied once the action begins to pick up.\r\n\r\nIf you want something light and silly, go watch something else by Carrey."}], "recommandations_id": [38, 137, 745, 8358], "youtube_key": "loTIzXAS7v4"}