{"tmdb_id": 371718, "title": "Dolly Parton's Coat of Many Colors", "original_title": "Dolly Parton's Coat of Many Colors", "slug_title": "dolly-parton-s-coat-of-many-colors", "date": "2015-12-10", "genre": "Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "L'enfance marqu\u00e9e par l'espoir et la r\u00e9silience de la chanteuse Dolly Parton, au sein d'une famille pauvre du Tennessee.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/viQVSz8EuedRDZgU4xjMs2z4B6f.jpg", "actors": ["Alyvia Alyn Lind (Dolly Parton)", "Jennifer Nettles (Avie Lee Parton)", "Ricky Schroder (Robert Lee Parton)", "Gerald McRaney (Rev. Jake Owens)", "Carson Meyer (Willadeene Parton)", "Hannah Nordberg (Judy Ogle)", "Mary Lane Haskell (Miss Moody)", "Stella Parton (Corla Bass)", "Parker Sack (David Parton)", "Dylan Rowen (Denver Parton)", "Farrah Mackenzie (Stella Parton)", "Blane Crockarell (Bobby Parton)", "Forrest Deal (Rudy Sanders)", "Kennedy Brice (Gloria Sanders)", "Jane McNeill (Aunt Estelle)", "Jennifer D. Taylor (Aunt Dorothy Jo)", "Stephanie Astalos-Jones (Grandma Rena)", "Sharon Blackwood (Church Lady)", "Kimberly Battista (Church lady / Shopper)", "Betsy Smith (Church and town Gossip)", "Kimberly Stock (Patron)", "Jeff Weekley (Patron)", "Rory Healy (Church Goer (uncredited))", "Dolly Parton (Introduction and Narration by)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Family. Laughing together and grieving together.**\r\n\r\nA television film that I was eager to watch it since it is highly acclaimed. It is a Christian film, which won't mind, but they have highlighted that topic too strongly. What I've anticipated was something like 'Love Comes Softly'. Since it went on that way, missed the opportunity to be balanced in content. Now it is a target product for the believers. If you won't mind that, then it will be a good film that shows lots of good sides by pointing out the bads.\r\n\r\nBased on the true story, that sets in the 1955, tells the story of a big farmer family living on the mountain, but all the focus was one of the children named Dolly. She's different than rest of her siblings. She's curious about the world, so mischievous and a good singer too. Her latest trouble takes a big price. Following, the family in a distress, that's going to change a few things forever in her life and everybody else.\r\n\r\nFirst of all I know zero about the real Dolly Parton. Thanks to this film for her early life introduction, but still don't know much about her latter life. So expecting from the sequels to cover them up. For now, there's only one sequel, about the Christmas. Alyvia was really good. She reminded Abigail Breslin from 'Kit Kittredge'. The film mainly aimed for families, so they would surely enjoy it. I liked it too, but not that overexcited as before my watch.\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}], "recommandations_id": []}