{"tmdb_id": 37182, "title": "The Human Jungle", "original_title": "The Human Jungle", "slug_title": "the-human-jungle", "date": "1954-10-03", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Danforth (Gary Merrill) is assigned to take over the police department in a section of a large city saddled with juvenile delinquency, petty crimes, graft and also a recent unsolved murder of a strip-tease dancer. Recognizing the laxity of the department he implements many changes and soon finds himself under fire by the newspapers, the attorney of a racket leader and the denizens of this human jungle. He calls this a cop's war that is the same as a soldier's war with the difference being that people hate cops. His cause isn't helped when a rookie policeman accidently kills an innocent bystander. And he has to protect police informer Mary Abbott (Jan Sterling) from Swados (Chuck Connors), a killer in the hire of the man behind the petty mobsters.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xJWajzg9Lef6Tv6RSAAaWwiDS7E.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Merrill (Police captain John Danforth)", "Jan Sterling (Mary Abbott)", "Regis Toomey (Det. Bob Geddes)", "Lamont Johnson (Det. Lannigan (Geddes' partner))", "Patrick Waltz (Det. Strauss (as Pat Waltz))", "Chuck Connors (Earl Swados)", "Claude Akins (George Mandy (henchman))", "Paula Raymond (Pat Danforth)", "Emile Meyer (Police Chief Abe Rowan)", "Henry Kulky (Matty (barkeeper-thug))", "Chubby Johnson (Greenie (reporter))", "James Westerfield (Capt. Marty Harrison)", "Florenz Ames (Leonard Ustick (mob leader))", "Booth Colman (Wallace (mouthpiece at hearing))", "Hugh Boswell (Lynch (Ustick's lawyer))", "Rankin Mansfield (Det. Bledsoe (card player))", "Leo Cleary (Karns, Police Fingerprint Man)", "Don Keefer (Unidentified player [Script Name: Det. Cleary])", "George Wallace (Det. O'Neill)", "Joe Turkel (Delinquent Hood)", "Marjorie Bennett (Mrs. Lee)", "Marie Blake (Mrs. Ashton)", "Ford Rainey (Jones-Older Cop)", "Bess Flowers (Dining Patron)", "Anna Navarro (Waitress (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}