{"tmdb_id": 371833, "title": "Harry Price: Ghost Hunter", "original_title": "Harry Price: Ghost Hunter", "slug_title": "harry-price-ghost-hunter", "date": "2015-12-27", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "When MP's wife Grace Goodwin is found naked on a London street, Harry Price is summoned to investigate claims that her house is haunted.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bAA32NYV8jwOVG4pdgRvbQdTZgX.jpg", "actors": ["Rafe Spall (Harry Price)", "Cara Theobold (Sarah Grey)", "Tom Ward (Edward Goodwin)", "Sophie Stanton (Joan Grey)", "Zoe Boyle (Grace Goodwin)", "Richie Campbell (Albert Ogoro)", "Lewis Reeves (Vernon Wall)", "Paul Bigley ()", "Josh Bolt ()", "David Burke ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "boenkqb", "content": "Having withdrawn from society following the suicide of a young soldier, con artist Harry Price is drawn back into the land of the living when an MP's wife, Grace Goodwin, is found naked in the streets of her local constituency. Fearing a scandal may taint a promising career for her husband, Edward Goodwin, Sir Charles Harwood recruits Harry Price to investigating Grace's condition. If Harry is unable or unwilling to assist, she will be committed to an asylum."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Separating the real man from the show?\r\n\r\nAny self respecting British citizen with a bent for the supernatural knows about Harry Price. To see any production on film or television with his name attached instantly gets the knowing excited. This is, as regards this ITV production, more a curse than a blessing.\r\n\r\nWhen Guy Ritchie re-imaged Sherlock Holmes, the most striking thing was that his Holmes and Watson could actually be any buddy buddy duo, the famous names are incidental in that it sells the premise. The same is the case here, this really could just be a British paranormal investigator of his own accord, instead of the makers attributing the Price name just to make an appealing heading.\r\n\r\nThe pic is a decent spooker, nice period design, safely written - and even though Rafe Spall as Price is oddly cast - it's decently performed. It plods at times, veering close to being boorish with its paranormal literary kinks, but for those without any affinity to the real Harry Price then this is a good watch. Those who who do know their Price onions, on the other hand, will only be left disappointed. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}