{"tmdb_id": 37195, "title": "The Long Wait", "original_title": "The Long Wait", "slug_title": "the-long-wait", "date": "1954-05-26", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The Long Wait is a mystery thriller written by Mickey Spillane. A man gets in a car accident and is badly burned. He also cannot remember his own identity.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xTP9FsssuMux3dd2GheDoc1BFEF.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Quinn (Johnny McBride)", "Charles Coburn (Gardiner)", "Gene Evans (Servo)", "Peggie Castle (Venus)", "Mary Ellen Kay (Wendy Miller)", "Shirley Patterson (Carol Shay (as Shawn Smith))", "Dolores Donlon (Troy Avalon)", "Barry Kelley (Tucker)", "James Millican (Police Capt. Lindsay)", "Bruno VeSota (Eddie Packman)", "Jay Adler (Joe the Bellhop)", "John Damler (Reporter Alan Logan)", "Frank Marlowe (Pop Henderson)", "Bess Flowers (Woman in Gambling House (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Lyncastle Lasso.\r\n\r\nThe Long Wait is directed by Victor Saville and adapted to screenplay by Alan Green and Lesser Samuels from the Mickey Spillane novel. It stars Anthony Quinn, Charles Coburn, Gene Evans, Peggie Castle, Mary Ellen Kay and Shirley Patterson. Music is by Mario Castelnuovo- Tedesco and cinematography by Franz Planer.\r\n\r\nJohnny McBride (Quinn) is a amnesiac who manages to get back to his home town of Lyncastle where he hopes to unravel who he is. But pretty soon he finds himself in a quagmire of trouble and strife...\r\n\r\nEvery once in a while I come across an instance like this, where a film noir picture's reviews back upon its release were savage, and yet today the more modern noir lover is mostly positive about the pic. In fact IMDb's rating sits currently at 7.2, which as the site's users will attest to, is pretty good going. So where we at with this Spillane revamp?\r\n\r\nThe complaints back in the day about it being dull and boring smack to me of writers back then not exactly understanding the noir ethos, though it's noted that there is the odd modern reviewer sharing the same complaint. It's a film very much erring on the side of bleak and moody, dabbling in the complexities of the human condition, and it's done very well, though the screenplay is hardly minus plot holes and is full of incredulous set-ups.\r\n\r\nWe also have to buy into Quinn being catnip to the dames, four of them no less! But Quinn does angry and broody very well, and he gets to do lots of both here. The aura of a town paddling in its own muck is evident, the amnesia angle merely an excuse to keep things on the side of murky, for it's imperative that we feel Johnny McBride's confusion and mistrust, and we do. All of which is framed superbly by Planer's (Criss Cross) photography, which never misses a chance for shadows and low lights.\r\n\r\nWith salty villains and sultry dames, violence and choice dialogue, and a few superb scenes (one sequence in an empty warehouse is stunning), this is very much a noir for noir lovers to sample. But with that in mind, these warnings should be noted, that as is often the way in noirville, the ending is divisive and the overt misogyny could well offend. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [35958, 61960, 32887, 37039], "youtube_key": "notfound"}