{"tmdb_id": 37196, "title": "Daisy", "original_title": "The Daisy Chain", "slug_title": "daisy", "date": "2008-11-09", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Thomas, Martha viennent de vivre une trag\u00e9die, la perte de leur enfant. Pour rester unis, survivre \u00e0 ce drame, ils d\u00e9cident de se ressourcer en revenant dans le village d'enfance de Thomas en Irlande. Mais alors que le couple se reconstruit peu \u00e0 peu, ils vont accueillir chez eux une petite fille orpheline de 7 ans, tr\u00e8s perturb\u00e9e, presque autiste par un concours de circonstances \u00e9tranges. Des mauvaises langues dans le village pensent m\u00eame que la petite fille est une incarnation du mal, ce que refuse de croire Martha...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AjfWkSCxTkfCo384hFbH1Aqwa5H.jpg", "actors": ["Samantha Morton (Martha Conroy)", "Steven Mackintosh (Tomas Conroy)", "Mhairi Anderson (Daisy Gahan)", "David Bradley (Sean Cryan)", "Eva Birthistle (Cat)", "Brendan McCormack (Shay)", "Zoe Sheridan (Eva)", "Flora Montgomery (Orla Gannon)", "Orlaith Macqueen (Lucy Gannon (as Orlaith McQueen))", "Ron Donachie (Doctor Ferguson)", "Valerie O'Connor (Jenny Gahan)", "Patrick Moy (Jim Gahan)", "Barry Barnes (Sergeant Riley)", "Maire Hastings (Trish Carter)", "Gary Murphy (Matt Brennan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "They are saying she\u2019s a Faerie Changeling.\r\n\r\nThe Daisy Chain is directed by Aisling Walsh and stars Samantha Morton, Steven Mackintosh, Mhairi Anderson and David Bradley.\r\n\r\nGrieving over the loss of their first child to Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, newly pregnant couple Martha and Tomas decide to leave England and live on the Irish coast. They settle in quickly and things seem to be going well, but when their neighbours house burns down, leaving young Daisy an orphan, Martha and Tomas decide to foster care for Daisy in spite of her being a little different and introverted. Soon enough bad things seem to befall people who come into contact with Daisy, leading to the locals to suspect she may be something terrible from Irish folklore.\r\n\r\nOk! There\u2019s some pretty venomous reviews of this out there in internet land, but really it\u2019s a very well constructed creeper that\u2019s not without intelligence. Firstly it needs to be noted that this is not a horror film as such, anyone searching for a scare fest or Omen like shocks are in for the biggest of disappointments. Secondly, taking some time out to read something about the legends of Faerie Changeling\u2019s will significantly improve your viewing experience. Walsh\u2019s movie firmly deals in the realm of superstitious legend, adds in a heart aching strand involving surrogacy via grief, and then lets it play out in ethereal beats till the chilling conclusion is reached.\r\n\r\nMorton and young Anderson are superb, the former stoic of motherly instincts but still emotionally cracked underneath, the latter a pallid and unnerving presence that haunts the picture even without much dialogue. The photography around the coastal hillside location is stripped back for realism purpose, it may be beautiful terrain, but there\u2019s a greyness hanging in the air, suitably so as well. The musical score is a touch irritating, and Walsh is guilty of over doing the slow burn approach, but this definitely has more going for it than has previously been said. Not one to rush out and buy for sure, but certainly worthy of TV time on proviso you understand the Faerie thematics at work first. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [153750, 69719, 88651, 39268]}