{"tmdb_id": 372411, "title": "Absolutely Fabulous\u00a0: le film", "original_title": "Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie", "slug_title": "absolutely-fabulous-le-film", "date": "2016-07-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Edina et Patsy m\u00e8nent toujours la grande vie \u00e0 laquelle elles sont habitu\u00e9es, \u00e0 base de paillettes et de glamour ; d\u00e9pensant, buvant et sortant dans les endroits les plus branch\u00e9s de Londres. Accus\u00e9es d\u2019avoir provoqu\u00e9 un \u00e9pouvantable incident lors d\u2019une soir\u00e9e de lancement so \u00e0 la mode, elles se retrouvent entra\u00een\u00e9es dans une temp\u00eate m\u00e9diatique et sont poursuivies sans rel\u00e2che par les paparazzis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a83Dxm6n8rP4RpiV9Q8Gdw82lFK.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Saunders (Edina Monsoon)", "Joanna Lumley (Patsy Stone)", "Julia Sawalha (Saffron Monsoon)", "June Whitfield (Mother)", "Jane Horrocks (Bubble)", "Chris Colfer (Christopher)", "Christopher Ryan (Marshall)", "Mo Gaffney (Bo)", "Kathy Burke (Magda)", "Helen Lederer (Catriona)", "Harriet Thorpe (Fleur)", "Celia Imrie (Claudia Bing)", "Robert Webb (Nick)", "Nick Mohammed (Casper)", "Wanda Ventham (Violet)", "Marcia Warren (Lubliana)", "Indeyarna Donaldson-Holness (Lola)", "Mark Gatiss (Joel)", "Barry Humphries (Charlie / Dame Edna)", "Janette Tough (Huki Muki)", "Rebel Wilson (Air Stewardess)", "Rylan Clark (Air Steward)", "Dawn French (Interviewer)", "Lulu (Lulu)", "Gwendoline Christie (Gwendoline Christie)", "Graham Norton (Graham Norton)", "Suki Waterhouse (Suki Waterhouse)", "Lily Cole (Lily Cole)", "Jourdan Dunn (Jourdan Dunn)", "Alexa Chung (Alexa Chung)", "Stella McCartney (Stella McCartney)", "Daisy Lowe (Daisy Lowe)", "Lara Stone (Lara Stone)", "Nick Grimshaw (Nick Grimshaw)", "Kate Moss (Kate Moss)", "Miquita Oliver (Miquita Oliver)", "Alesha Dixon (Alesha Dixon)", "Emma Bunton (Emma Bunton)", "Elly Jackson (La Roux)", "Bruno Tonioli (Bruno Tonioli)", "Kirsty Wark (Kirsty Wark)", "Kelly Hoppen (Kelly Hoppen)", "Jon Hamm (Jon Hamm)", "Jerry Hall (Jerry Hall)", "Orla Guerin (Orla Guerin)", "Suzy Menkes (Suzy Menkes)", "Sophie Raworth (Sophie Raworth)", "Kathy Lette (Kathy Lette)", "Perez Hilton (Perez Hilton)", "Jeremy Paxman (Jeremy Paxman)", "Llewella Gideon (Llewella)", "Jean Paul Gaultier (Jean Paul Gaultier)", "Christopher Biggins (Christopher Biggins)", "Judith Chalmers (Judith Chalmers)", "Joan Collins (Joan Collins)", "Abbey Clancy (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Camilla Rutherford (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Ozwald Boateng (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Poppy Delevingne (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Sadie Frost (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Tinie Tempah (Fashion Show / Huki Muki Attendee)", "Brix Smith-Start (Fashion Show/Huki Muki Attendee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "Well, Britain\u2019s bombastic booze-loving fashion figureheads are back for some familiar naughty fun and frolicking for committed _AbFab_ fans to rejoice. So brace yourself \u201csweetie darlings\u201d as TV-based drunken divas Patsy and Edna make their boisterous and cheeky return to the big screen in the off-kilter and shrewdly amusing **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie**. \r\n\r\nClearly, ardent followers of the _AbFab_ dipsy duo will embrace the further hazy-minded exploits of Edna Monsoon (Jennifer Saunders) and Edna Stone (Joanna Lumley) as they are given permission at the box office to create more large scale chaos that laid the feisty foundation for their high-wire antics on the boob tube from the early 1990\u2019s.\r\n\r\nThe movie adaptation of **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie** stems from the highly popular British sitcom originally aired on the BBC network. Saunders, the creative mastermind behind the pop cultural _AbFab_ phenomenon that started out as a French & Saunders (as in Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders) sketch soon found its free-spirited footing as a television series that would repeatedly return into the fold for many years until dismissing production in the summer of 2012. Now four years later Saunders and Lumley are back as the alcohol-sipping, flamboyant fashionistas embroiled in yet another scandalous romp.\r\n\r\nAs loyal and nostalgic _AbFab_ enthusiasts already acknowledge the premise involves the London-based lushes in middle-aged divorcee Edna (\u201cEddy\u201d) and hanger-on Patsy\u2014both curiously successful in the local fashion industry despite their heavy-handed indulgences. Both rough-around-the-edge women are hardened in drinking, chain-smoking, shopping, clubbing, and man-hunting while trying to desperately cling to their youth-oriented recklessness. Somehow Edna and Patsy manage to juggle their high-powered fashion careers with the extreme cartoonish vices that make them rather\u2026er, colorfully erratic.\r\n\r\nOf course the running gag in the off-balance jocularity centered in _AbFab\u2019s_ riotous storm is the sensible yet long-suffering Saffron (Julia Sawalha), Edna\u2019s grounded daughter that had been forced since childhood to keep her protective eye on her self-destructive mother and her smashed cohort Patsy whenever they get into the latest saucy mess that has been initiated by their hilarious hedonism. Often reluctant in totally tolerating Edna\u2019s chaotic whims poor Saffron is forced to be the headstrong \u201cmother figure\u201d to the inebriated woman-child (and her surly boozy buddy Patsy) that is the wacky woman she calls Mom. \r\n\r\nNo doubt that **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie **will fill the empty void for the demanding comical outlandishness that defines British TV\u2019s beloved foul-mouthed fashion plates. The swinging and sordid sensation that is the tipsy tandem is even more pronounced than ever. Director Mandie Fletcher skillfully fleshes out the over-the-top impishness of the flighty AbFab leading ladies and encourages the fun-loving damage and disarray to unfold as only Saunders\u2019s Edna Monsoon and Lumley\u2019s Patsy Stone can instinctively muster up in inspired insanity. Set against the eye-popping background of exotic locales and basking in splashy and unconventional wardrobes **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie** dutifully reinforces the intoxicating zaniness that had made Edna and Patsy the celebrated cockeyed cougars within the realm of applauded _AbFab_ fandom.\r\n\r\nIt is still a welcomed revelation to witness the party-hearty maturing misfits revel in animated bad behavior. Indeed, Edna and Patsy are still trying to live the high-life as they frequent various fashion events around town. However, the reality is that Edna is financially strapped as her PR firm has not been profiting richly for her. When your clients only consist of has-been songbirds Lulu and Emma \u201cBaby Spice\u201d Bunton then it is certainly time to hit the panic button. Still, this does not stop Edna and Patsy from making their unruly presence known throughout the fashion scene around London. \r\n\r\nAt one particular fabulous party the mischievousness heightens when Edna accidentally sends supermodel Kate Moss reeling into the Thames. Believed to have perished as the result of this clumsy incident Kate is pronounced dead and Edna is arrested and scrutinized. This, of course, causes a public relations nightmare for Edna, Patsy and Edna\u2019s granddaughter Lola (Indeyarna Donaldson-Holness). The paparazzi (you know\u2026the menacing media hounds known as today\u2019s \u201cvillainous vultures\u201d) are increasingly intrusive to the point that Edna and Patsy flee to the South of France to escape the glitzy backlash.\r\n\r\nAnyone not acquainted with the hovering lunacy in the _AbFab_ universe will probably see this film as an extended TV episode catering exclusively to the show\u2019s devoted fanatics (they would not necessarily be wrong about this assessment). The on-going jokes, sight gags, chippy dialogue and the assembly line of noted cameos throughout **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie** may be perceived as a stretched-out, tired gimmick. Actually, this \u201creunion\u201d of sorts is a refreshing throwback for the AbFab diehards that viewed the devilishly free-wheeling Edna and Patsy as liberating and truthful broken women in all their comical debauchery. \r\n\r\nThankfully, both Saunders and Lumley have not lost a step in portraying their characters\u2019 juicy narcissism, self-indulgence and sense of entitlement. In fact, **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie** and its television blueprint from yesteryear serve up an unassuming commentary about aging womanhood and its vulnerability in a progressive, young-minded world. In a global society that visually and psychologically recognizes youth culture and external beauty the raucous tendencies of Edna and Patsy are quite understandable as their detestable tendencies are a way of numbing their unacceptable realities\u2014as older women in denial while afraid to let go of a wild youth-oriented existence now realized as a mere reminiscence. \r\n\r\nPerhaps **Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie\u2019s** 90-minute running time is too excessive for the random high jinks of Saunders\u2019s and Lumley\u2019s titillating teammates. Plus, the aforementioned cameos that include a who\u2019s who from either side of the pond are gleefully stuffed in the plot to help along the off-the-wall, padded proceedings. \r\n\r\nAmong the Hollywood and fashion personalities that turn up for igniting this revisit to _AbFab_ craziness include Emmy-winner Jon Hamm, LuLu, Stella McCartney, Chris Colfer, _Game of Thrones\u2019_ Gwendoline Christie, Jerri Hall, Suki Waterhouse, Barry Humphries, Joan Collins, Mo Gaffney, Dawn French, talk show host Graham Norton, Emma Bunton, Alex Jones\u2014the list of notables seems endless. \r\n\r\nAt least _AbFab_ sycophants (casual or hardcore) can boast that their cherished drinking damsels Edna Monsoon and Patsy Stone are more naturally engaging and stimulating in the satirical cinematic setting of fashion than say the two mediocre movie outings of _Zoolander_ featuring the forced buffoonery and insufferable mugging of Ben Stiller\u2019s Derek Zoolander. \r\n\r\nIn hindsight, let\u2019s stick with the entertaining substance abusing sass of Britain\u2019s delightfully decadent fashion floozies.\r\n\r\n**Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie** (2016)\r\n\r\nFox Searchlight Pictures/DJ Films\r\n\r\n1 hr. 30 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Jennifer Saunders, Joanna Lumley, Kate Moss, Indeyarna Donaldson-Holness, Julia Swalhala, June Whitfield, Jane Horrocks, Chris Colfer, Kate Moss, Jon Hamm\r\n\r\nDirected by: Mandie Fletcher\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Comedy\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: *** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n(c) Frank Ochieng 2016"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A guide to how to get away with a murder!**\r\n\r\nI have never seen the original television series, but I came across and found it interesting to try, only to realise in my watch that it was not what I thought of it. Yeah, definitely my disadvantage was that I didn't know the characters, the universe and all the basics. Those who loved the show might enjoy it better, since they know what to expect from it. I was like looking for a proper intro. The introduction of everything, as I'm not familiar with anything out of it. But it did not come, the story just went on and on from the opening itself. I was confused what's going on, who is who and et al.\r\n\r\nIt took almost half of the film to be comfortable with the scenario of the tale. Once I was there, I thought it was funny in places, yet I did not feel like to have a laugh. Again, I blame myself for missing out the fun for not knowing them very well. It never occurred to me before. I have seen many films that proceeded by its television series which I haven't seen. It looked short and the pace was excellent, so I did not get bored, except not getting the overall film properly. Otherwise, I would have rated it better. I think the people like me should be careful while picking it. Other than that it is an okay film, not a bad film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [333319, 435580, 198318, 63943]}