{"tmdb_id": 37265, "title": "All Ladies do it", "original_title": "Cos\u00ec fan tutte", "slug_title": "all-ladies-do-it", "date": "1992-02-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Si, au terme de cinq ans de mariage, Diana aime toujours Paolo, elle r\u00eave aussi de nouvelles exp\u00e9riences dans les bras d'autres hommes. Un s\u00e9duisant antiquaire fran\u00e7ais, un premier flirt sur le retour... Les amants vont et viennent dans un tourbillon de liaisons scandaleuses. Plut\u00f4t que de cacher la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 de ses infid\u00e9lit\u00e9s \u00e0 Paolo, Diana les lui raconte, toutes. Autant de r\u00e9cits qui ajoutent du piment \u00e0 une vie de couple pourtant pas \u00e0 l'abri des d\u00e9mons de la jalousie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h5xsSUCkXCd0696K5A9hkmgaERE.jpg", "actors": ["Claudia Koll (Diana)", "Paolo Lanza (Paolo)", "Ornella Marcucci (Nadia)", "Isabella Deiana (Antonietta)", "Franco Branciaroli (Alphonse)", "Renzo Rinaldi (Sig. Silvio)", "Marco Marciani (Marco)", "Maurizio Martinoli (Lello)", "Luciana Cirenei (Notaio)", "Rossana Di Pierro (Zia Emma)", "Antonio Conte ()", "Osiride Pevarello (Passenger on the Bus)", "Rosa Maria Pezzullo (Maria)", "Lucia Lucchesino ()", "Pierangela Vallerino ()", "Jean Ren\u00e9 Lemoine (Seminarista)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Italian erotic film from the director of Caligula tells the story of Diana (Claudia Koll), a woman happily married to her husband (Paolo Lanza) for five years. Even though she loves him more than anything that doesn't take away her sexual desires for other men. The husband can't stand not being the only one but perhaps after time he'll learn that \"all ladies do it\". This is only my second film from Brass and his visual style is certainly on full display here even though his story telling skills aren't the greatest. I was shocked at how well the screenplay actually was because a lot of softcore efforts place the story second behind the sex but that really wasn't the case here. The message of a woman having the right to be \"sexual\" without being labeled \"sluts\" was taken very serious by the film. Brass does a very good job with the look of the film with some great cinematography and some wonderful set designs. The biggest issue I had with his direction is that the entire film comes off as a butt fetish video as Brass is constantly zooming in on women's behinds. I like a good butt as much as the next person but after a while it grows quite tiresome but the scene where the women decide to go skinny dipping is priceless. The performances aren't really anything special but they do the job and in the end God knows there's a lot worse out there than this."}], "recommandations_id": [50270, 55580, 50124, 27066], "youtube_key": "5_Gqr0BhS3Y"}