{"tmdb_id": 37294, "title": "La cit\u00e9 de la peur", "original_title": "Station West", "slug_title": "la-cite-de-la-peur", "date": "1948-10-16", "genre": "Romance / Western / Action / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Haven, un ancien de l'arm\u00e9e, est envoy\u00e9e dans une petite ville du Far West pour retrouver les meurtriers de deux convoyeurs d'or. Il y rencontre Charlie, une jeune femme s\u00e9duisante qui semble contr\u00f4ler la ville de fa\u00e7on suspecte. Ils vont tomber amoureux, tout en se m\u00e9fiant mutuellement l'un de l'autre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4qYo2ByOTM0lKgfpexJ0JA7rWG9.jpg", "actors": ["Dick Powell (Lt. John Martin Haven)", "Jane Greer (Charlie)", "Agnes Moorehead (Mrs. Mary Caslon)", "Burl Ives (Hotel Clerk)", "Tom Powers (Captain George Iles)", "Gordon Oliver (Prince)", "Steve Brodie (Lt. Stellman)", "Guinn Williams (Mick Marion)", "Raymond Burr (Lawyer Mark Bristow)", "Regis Toomey (Jim Goddard)", "Olin Howland (Cook at Logging Camp (as Olin Howlin))", "John Berkes (Sam- the Deaf Pianist)", "Michael Steele (Whitey)", "Dan White (Pete)", "John Kellogg (Ben)", "John Doucette (Bartender)", "Charles Middleton (Sheriff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A Stranger in Rock Pass.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nStation West is directed by Sidney Lanfield and adapted to screenplay by Frank Fenton and Winston Miller from the novel written by Luke Short. It stars Dick Powell, Jane Greer, Agnes Moorehead, Raymond Burr, Tom Powers, Guinn Williams, Gordon Oliver and Burl Ives. Music is by Heinz Roemheld and cinematography by Harry J. Wild.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nPowell plays an undercover army agent sent into Rock Pass to find out who robbed and murdered two soldiers who were guarding a gold shipment.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThere has always \u2013 and always will be \u2013 debates about what constitutes film noir, but undoubtedly it is a line of film making that positively thrives on a style that cloaks a number of characterisations. Thus we have the many off-shoots of film noir, such as the Noir Western. Noir Westerns in all actuality don\u2019t number more than 20, and even some of those that get put forward are tenuous additions. Where the likes of Pursued, Ramrod and Blood on the Moon are confidently held up as the leading lights of Noir Westerns, it actually pays to look towards a rarer picture like Raton Pass or this here under seen treasure, Station West, for unseen sub-noir rewards.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nStation West has it all so as to earn its noir badge. It\u2019s got Powell doing a Western version of Phillip Marlowe, complete with swagger, sarcasm and the ability to nonchalantly smile in the face of peril. Then there\u2019s Greer, fresh from Out of the Past the previous year, Greer is in full tilt femme fatale mode, marrying up her hard beauty with feminist strength. Both Powell and Greer are wonderful, their respective characters constantly jostling for domination, trading quips and glib asides, the sexual tension consistently palpable.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe town of Rock Pass is in the process of booming, but with that comes corruption, and it is rife, with unlikely sources pulling the crooked strings. Greed and betrayal are words that hover over the intelligent screenplay, even as the script snaps with delightful one liners and sarcastic wit, there\u2019s a moody ambiance snuggling on up with the fun side of things, these bed fellows are meant to be. While the man himself, Haven (Powell), has a reputation for not towing the party line, he\u2019s clearly in the right place then!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFilmed out of beautiful Sedona in Arizona, Harry Wild\u2019s photography is gorgeous for the exterior locations (those rock formations are just visual orgasms), and film noir nirvana for everything else as he brings expressionistic touches to all the key sequences. In the support acting ranks we have Burr as a twitchy lawyer, Moorehead as a stoic wealthy widow, Williams as bad boy muscle, Oliver as the smarm, Powers as the grumpy un-cooperative army captain and Ives as a hotel clerk \u2013 cum \u2013 balladeer who has a morbid hobby on the side. All of them contribute good characterisations.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nI can\u2019t say that Roemheld\u2019s score is particularly memorable, and a big fist-fight between Williams and Powell is ferocious but tainted by the over dramatics that were indicative of the time, but from begining to sombre end this is a cracker and it deserves to be better known and loved. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74753, 37195, 35958, 61960]}