{"tmdb_id": 37307, "title": "Conagher", "original_title": "Conagher", "slug_title": "conagher", "date": "1991-07-01", "genre": ["Action / Western / Romance / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Mrs. Evie Teale is struggling to stay alive while raising her two children alone on a remote homestead. Conn Conagher is a honest, hardworking cowboy. Their lives are intertwined as they fight the elements, indians, outlaws, and loneliness.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ofARYGsQgZO8n6SC2QhqNKP8Evf.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Elliott (Conn Conagher)", "Katharine Ross (Evie Teale)", "Barry Corbin (Charlie McCloud, Stage Driver)", "Billy Green Bush (Jacob Teale)", "Ken Curtis (Seaborn Tay, Cattle Rancher)", "Paul Koslo (Kiowa Staples)", "Gavin O'Herlihy (Chris Mahler, Cowboy)", "James Parks (Curly)", "Daniel Quinn (Johnny McGivern)", "Cody Braun (Laban Teale)", "Anndi McAfee (Ruthie Teale)", "Jeff Meyer (Beaver Sampson)", "Peter P. Oliver (Apache Indian Brave)", "Craig Pinkard (Marshal)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Real-life Western with Sam Elliott and Katharine Ross\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 1991 and directed by Reynaldo Villalobos, \"Conagher\" stars Sam Elliott as taciturn noble cowboy, Conn Conagher, who contends with rustlers (Gavan O'Herlihy, et al.) while concerned about a struggling widow raising her two kids on a remote homestead (Katharine Ross). \r\n\r\nAlthough this was a Turner production (TNT), it doesn\u2019t seem like a TV movie and harkened the realistic Westerns that were to come, including TV Westerns like \u201cMonte Walsh\u201d (2003) and TV shows like Hell on Wheels. Of course realistic Westerns which illustrated the hard, mundane life of people in the Old West weren\u2019t anything new, as witnessed by movies like \u201cShane\u201d (1953), \u201cWill Penny\u201d (1967), \u201cHombre\u201d (1967) and \u201cBad Company\u201d (1972), but there\u2019s something about \u201cConagher\u201d that especially smacks of the way it really was, which is akin to \u201cSon of the Morning Star,\u201d released earlier the same year. The quaint, mundane score helps in achieving this tone. While the music doesn\u2019t trip my trigger, as it\u2019s just too humdrum, it fits the feel of the film.\r\n\r\nFor those not in the know, Elliott and Ross have been married since 1984, which probably helped with the palpable \u201clove at first sight\u201d element. Speaking of which, whilst this is a realistic Western about the many challenges of life in the Old West (sudden death, loneliness, hard outdoor work, the elements, Indian threats, corruption, outlaws, gunfights, etc.), there\u2019s a romantic component with Evie Teale (Ross) attaching snippets of poetry to tumbleweeds that Conn inevitably finds (unbeknownst to Evie).        \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 34 minutes and was shot mostly in Arizona, but also Colorado (Buckskin Joe Frontier Town & Railway). WRITERS: Louis L'Amour (novel) and Jeffrey M. Meyer (teleplay) with additional dialogue by Elliott and Ross.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [22765], "youtube_key": "dQVJMFcJ7eU"}