{"tmdb_id": 37308, "title": "Les 100 fusils", "original_title": "100 Rifles", "slug_title": "les-100-fusils", "date": "1969-03-26", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Western / Guerre", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans le Mexique de 1910, un voleur et un sh\u00e9rif s'allient pour aider le peuple Yaqui \u00e0 r\u00e9sister contre l'arm\u00e9e mexicaine et allemande. Ils projettent dans ce but de d\u00e9valiser une compagnie de chemin de fer afin de d\u00e9rober cent fusils mis en r\u00e9serve.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9wIJyDZgzaX4ewnfHYg93D0wSKL.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Brown (Lydecker)", "Raquel Welch (Sarita)", "Burt Reynolds (Yaqui Joe Herrera)", "Fernando Lamas (General Verdugo)", "Dan O'Herlihy (Steven Grimes)", "Eric Braeden (Lt. Franz Von Klemme)", "Aldo Sambrell (Sgt. Paletes)", "Soledad Miranda (Girl in Hotel)", "Alberto Dalb\u00e9s (Padre Francisco)", "Charly Bravo (Lopez)", "Jos\u00e9 Manuel Mart\u00edn (Sarita's Father)", "Michael Forest (Humara)", "Lorenzo Lamas (Indian Boy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rifles or Trifles?\r\n\r\n100 Rifles is directed by Tom Gries and Gries adapts to screenplay with Clair Huffaker from Robert MacLeod's novel The Californio. It stars Burt Reynolds, Jim Brown, Raquel Welch, Fernando Lamas and Dan O'Herlihy. Music is by Jerry Goldsmith and cinematography by Cecilio Paniagua.\r\n\r\nArizona lawman Lydecker (Brown) travels into Mexico to arrest bank robber Yaqui Joe Herrera (Reynolds), and lands in the middle of a war between the Yaquis and the Mexican army. \r\n\r\nA good blood pumping Oater feasting on Spaghetti leanings, 100 Rifles boasts star appeal coupled with exciting genre staples. Filmed in Almeria in Spain, pic doesn't lack for smooth on the eyes locations either. The dialogue is a mixture of cheese and the philosophical, but it sits well in the production. It's strong on violence, with a number of action sequences very well constructed, while it has a cheeky glint in its eye and for sure is sexy into the bargain. OK, so the cast aren't exactly pulling up any trees, but they are fun to watch as we take in weasel villains and lovable rogues.\r\n\r\nGood time to be had here. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 167769, 4986, 31283]}