{"tmdb_id": 373476, "title": "Identit\u00e9s", "original_title": "Complete Unknown", "slug_title": "identites", "date": "2016-08-26", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "La veille de son d\u00e9m\u00e9nagement, synonyme d'un nouveau d\u00e9part pour lui et son \u00e9pouse, Tom fait une rencontre qui le trouble : lors d'un d\u00eener, il croise Jennie, dont il a \u00e9t\u00e9 autrefois \u00e9perdument amoureux. A sa grande surprise, la femme dit s'appeler Alice, et d\u00e9roule devant l'assembl\u00e9e une vie qui n'a rien \u00e0 voir avec la r\u00e9alit\u00e9. Est-elle un sosie ? Une mythomane ? Bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 percer le secret, Tom d\u00e9couvre bient\u00f4t qu'Alice dissimule bien davantage qu'une double identit\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lXGEhxX7PYtZOTkQfZhjEM0HkKZ.jpg", "actors": ["Rachel Weisz (Alice Manning)", "Michael Shannon (Tom Brayton)", "Kathy Bates (Nina)", "Danny Glover (Roger)", "Michael Chernus (Clyde Goodwin Jr.)", "Azita Ghanizada (Ramina Brayton)", "Chris Lowell (Brad Brayton)", "Condola Rashad (Sharon)", "Tessa Albertson (Tilda)", "Omar Metwally (Farshad)", "Kelly AuCoin (Dave)", "Zach Appelman (Malcolm)", "Frank De Julio (Mark)", "Blake DeLong (James)", "Erin Darke (Portland Girl)", "Nancy Cejari (Dinner Patron)", "Chase Hemphill (Businessman)", "Stan Vidal (Dinner Patron)", "Fukumi Kashiwagi (Japanese Diner)", "Charlie Hudson III (Frank)", "FaTye (Mike)", "Holly Jian (Restaurant Patron)", "Christian Paul Sherwood (Dancer (uncredited))", "Cameron Sun (Chinese Diner (uncredited))", "Tami Swartz (Extra (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A woman with many faces!**\r\n\r\nNo doubt this was wrongly labelled as an average film. The title, the story, the performances, all stood to my expectation. I jumped into it prepared for another boring film. Indeed, it was a slow narration, at least in the initial parts. That twist in the early mid sect unleashed the bright side of the tale. Not knowing what to expect, I thoroughly got entertained for the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nIt all was a day event. In fact, most of the story happened on one night. Though for a brief moment in the opening, they have shown us events from the different timelines. Just to convince us. Alice, who befriended a man while in the lunch, decides to attend a birthday party of his friend with him. But that night the things change as some secrets about her was revealed. Then event takes a different path with different adventure revealing more about about her.\r\n\r\nYeah, everybody saying they saw it for Shannon, but for me, Rachel Weisz the reason the film looked so good. It is one of the underrated film of the year. It was unique. Probably less familiarity compared to any film. So not easy to predict the story. The suspense made me so curious and kept my eyes wide open till the end. I would like to see the other side of the story, probably in another film/part/sequel. Seems that's a very interesting aspect. Don't consider what the film critics say, it's definitely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [212756, 344134, 174314, 467924], "youtube_key": "pVowqDmzq_Y"}