{"tmdb_id": 373473, "title": "Brooklyn Village", "original_title": "Little Men", "slug_title": "brooklyn-village", "date": "2016-08-05", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Une famille de Manhattan h\u00e9rite d'une maison \u00e0 Brooklyn, dont le rez-de-chauss\u00e9e est occup\u00e9 par la boutique de Leonor, une couturi\u00e8re latino-am\u00e9ricaine. Les relations sont d'abord tr\u00e8s cordiales, notamment gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'insouciante amiti\u00e9 qui se noue entre Tony et Jake, les enfants des deux foyers. Mais le loyer de la boutique s'av\u00e8re bien inf\u00e9rieur aux besoins des nouveaux arrivants. Les discussions d\u2019adultes vont bient\u00f4t perturber la complicit\u00e9 entre voisins.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w0Imn4KuNe7ll7cTaE3mzfweHZg.jpg", "actors": ["Greg Kinnear (Brian Jardine)", "Theo Taplitz (Jake Jardine)", "Michael Barbieri (Tony Calvelli)", "Paulina Garc\u00eda (Leonor)", "Jennifer Ehle (Kathy Jardine)", "Talia Balsam (Audrey)", "Mauricio Bustamante (Acting Teacher)", "Teeka Duplessis (Eva)", "Clare Foley (Sally)", "Andy Karl ()", "Alfred Molina ()", "Elia Monte-Brown (Bianca)", "Arthur J. Nascarella (Stu Gershman)", "Yolonda Ross ()", "Stella Schnabel ()", "Johnny Serret (Visitor at the Museum)", "Ching Valdes-Aran (Merlene)", "Bryan Webster (Park Ranger)", "Madison Wright (Julia)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Friendship or business!**\r\n\r\nThis is a pure drama. Like a real life event, though there's no documentary style narration influenced. Thematically very, very simple, and also the characters, but too flat when it comes to entertainment value. Of course, drama-films usually does not entertain its viewers, except for who are ardent fans of that genre. Apart from depicting the real life, sometimes they carry messages with them. But this film has no tick marks on any of those boxes. So it is a boring film if you pick it to watch when you're on the average or in the bad mood. I did not feel that way, just hinting out it could do that for others.\r\n\r\nThe storyline had no focal point. It is neither a children's film, nor about the grownups' issues. But kind of mix of both on a small scale with strong outcome. Pretty much like on the two topics it was developed on. One was the 'death' which initiated everything and followed by the 'shop' that helped to make further progress in the tale. So using these, the film characters bloomed. Even though, these topics come into play occasionally and in the meantime, the scenes were wasted or you can say it followed the character to their daily routine to fill the film runtime.\r\n\r\nSo what's that mean is the screenplay, which was not at its best. It does not follow the traditional film way on the character developments. Like I expected the friendship between two boys like how they find each other as to emerge a strong bond. That did not happen. It was just like I said in the real life, too casual and understandable.\r\n\r\nThe same goes for the adult characters as well. When they decide to handle the shop issue, it was like hesitation like any average concerned family does. So this film will be good if your life is/was close to the events in the film. Like either it is your friendship that tested or dealing the sensitive issue as a grown-up that affects deeply those concerned ones.\r\n\r\n> \u275dOnce again, our warm, lovable, unwise father has left us a big mess and no instructions.\u275e\r\n\r\nNow you might think what this film is all about. This is the story of the two families connected with a building. Opens with a small Manhattan family arriving in Brooklyn to conduct the last rite to their deceased father. They are received by another family who rented the shop in the ground floor. Both the family has the young boys of the same age and following the ceremony, the two become very close. But when their parents decide to sort out the shop issue, it's all fall hard on them and their friendship. The remaining is to reveal the outcome of whatever happened.\r\n\r\nYou might be familiar with the quote that goes like this, 'a friendship founded on business in better than a business founded on friendship'. Basically, that's where the film inspired from. But it expanded to two sets of the characters, between the youngsters and the adults. These two categories are exactly opposite in mindset. Youngsters usually does not care about money that involves friends, but for adults, money is a serious matter to handle. The 'business' is attached to the parents and the 'friendship' drawn between their children.\r\n\r\nNow that's the complication involves as many people as to solve without affecting anybody. But most of the film was overwhelmed by scenes of other than this issue. They ignored to focus completely on where it had calibre. I felt the casting was the best thing happened in the film, particularly those boys. Alfred Molina, who played one of the main characters in the director's previous film was appeared here in a guest role for like a minute. The rest of them were decent as well, including Greg Kinnear.\r\n\r\nThe film was just under the 90 minutes, yet too slow paced narration. Does not fit for everyone to watch. Imagine if this film was played on the television, with all the commercial breaks, you won't able to finish it off. Not without patience, because it is already dull, and if you will run out that, that's it. A lot like a product for the film festivals and it did fared decently on those platforms, but surely some people would find it good. So now you might think what my stance is. I liked it, also didn't. An average film with a slipped away opportunity. I am not sure, but still feel like I want to suggest it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [343850, 432987, 359108, 333968]}