{"tmdb_id": 37380, "title": "Le port des passions", "original_title": "Thunder Bay", "slug_title": "le-port-des-passions", "date": "1953-05-21", "genre": "Aventure / Drame", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "1946. Steve Martin et Johnny Gambi, deux ex-soldats, d\u00e9cident de poursuivre leur r\u00eave d'avant-guerre, n\u2019ayant pas peur de mettre toutes leurs \u00e9conomies dans l\u2019intention de trouver du p\u00e9trole en mer. Ils ont invent\u00e9 un syst\u00e8me de forage sous-marin et souhaitent construire une plate forme au large des c\u00f4tes de la Louisiane. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 Kermit McDonald (Jay C. Flipen), le directeur d\u2019une grande compagnie p\u00e9trolif\u00e8res qui leur fait enti\u00e8rement confiance malgr\u00e9 l\u2019avis n\u00e9gatif de son conseil d\u2019administration, ils obtiennent les fonds pour se lancer dans l\u2019aventure \u00e0 condition d\u2019avoir pu faire jaillir de l\u2019or noir avant trois mois ; d\u2019autres difficult\u00e9s viendront s'ajouter\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4AmoRUIh65ZBbzdV6zVK1ewFVvd.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Steve Martin)", "Joanne Dru (Stella Rigaud)", "Gilbert Roland (Teche Bossier)", "Dan Duryea (Johnny Gambi)", "Jay C. Flippen (Kermit MacDonald)", "Marcia Henderson (Francesca Rigaud)", "Robert Monet (Phillipe Bayard)", "Antonio Moreno (Dominique Rigaud)", "Harry Morgan (Rawlings)", "Fortunio Bonanova (Sheriff Antoine Chighizola)", "Mario Siletti (Louis Chighizola)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Boiling Oil.\r\n\r\nThunder Bay is directed by Anthony Mann and written by Gil Doud and George W. George. It stars James Stewart, Joanne Dru, Dan Duryea, Gilbert Roland and Jay C. Flippen. Music is by Frank Skinner and cinematography by William H. Daniels.\r\n\r\nOffshore oil drillers set up base at Port Felicity, Louisiana and find the town\u2019s shrimpers are not at all happy about this threat to their livelihood. Conflict and affairs of the heart do follow.\r\n\r\nOne of the eight films that James Stewart and Anthony Mann made together, Thunder Bay was relevant in topicality upon its release, and remains so today. Whilst lacking the psychological smarts that the duo\u2019s Western productions had, it\u2019s a handsome production with the expected qualities in front of and behind the cameras. There\u2019s a lot of talky passages, which given the subject matter pulsing away at the core is understandable, but Mann ensures that action and suspense is never far away. It all builds to a crescendo, with loose ends and quibbles conveniently tied up in a Hollywood bow, but such is the skills of actors and director it rounds out as good and thorough entertainment. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27999, 37352, 65637, 44931]}