{"tmdb_id": 37412, "title": "L'homme aux colts d'or", "original_title": "Warlock", "slug_title": "l-homme-aux-colts-d-or", "date": "1959-06-10", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une bande de hors-la-loi terrorise les habitants de Warlock. Ils recourrent aloes aux services de Clay Blaisdell en tant que substitut du sheriff. Il vient accompagn\u00e9 de son ami et associ\u00e9, le bo\u00eeteux Tom Morgan, qui ne tarde pas \u00e0 ouvrir un rentable saloon.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/196fsrlKPKZoJNzF49LayHOAZAt.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Widmark (Johnny Gannon)", "Henry Fonda (Clay Blaisedell)", "Anthony Quinn (Tom Morgan)", "Dorothy Malone (Lily Dollar)", "Dolores Michaels (Jessie Marlow)", "Wallace Ford (Judge Holloway)", "Tom Drake (Abe McQuown)", "Richard Arlen (Bacon)", "DeForest Kelley (Curley Burne)", "Regis Toomey (Skinner)", "Vaughn Taylor (Henry Richardson)", "Don Beddoe (Doctor Wagner)", "Whit Bissell (Petrix)", "Bartlett Robinson (Buck Slavin)", "Joe Turkel (Chet Haggin (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rock of ages comes to Warlock in Dmytryk's excellent adult Western.\r\n\r\nWarlock is a small town suffering from visits by a gang of thugs led by Abe McQuown. The honest townsfolk meet and decide to hire infamous gunslinger Clay Blaisedell to act as a Marshal. Blaisdell, aided by his trusty companion Tom Morgan, proceeds to clean up the town and promptly takes control of the gambling and dance parlour. But things are rarely straight forward in a town of this type, one of the thugs (Johnny Gannon) decides to reform himself and takes on the role of legal sheriff. Things are further complicated when a woman arrives in town proclaiming that Blaisedell and Morgan killed the love of her life! This coupled with the fact that McQuown and his thugs are plotting destructive revenge, means that Warlock and it's array of complex characters are heading for judgement day - one way or another.\r\n\r\nThe basic plot sounds like nothing out of the ordinary, the tough gunslinger with a reputation hired to clean up a town has been done a fair few times, with varying degrees of success. What lifts this Edward Dmytryk directed (and produced) Western above other films of its ilk is that it goes deeper than most of those other genre pieces. Blaisedell may be a fearsome gunslinger but we are at a time when a new breed of faster and more thuggish cowboys exist, and so his very being is crucial to the number of events that transpire in Warlock. Here all central characters are multi-layered, there is a plenty going on that begs the utmost attention, where tragedy hangs heavy with its looming presence, and Dmytryk threads all the story strands together with thoughtfully potent results.\r\n\r\nAdapted by Robert Alan Aurthur from Oakley Hall's novel, Warlock boasts three excellent male lead performances and a firing on all cylinders supporting cast. Henry Fonda (Blaisedell), Richard Widmark (Gannon) and Anthony Quinn (Tom Morgan) are superb, while Dorothy Malone, Dolores Michaels, Tom Drake, DeForest Kelly, Frank Gorshin (sadly uncredited) and Wallace Ford come up trumps with excellent shows for totally important characters. The only gripe I can come up with is that I would have liked a bit more use of the Utah location courtesy of Joseph MacDonald's Cinemascope Technicolor, but since this story is primarily set within the confines of Warlock the town, one can be and is a touch forgiving.\r\n\r\nDuring the last few years I have spent a lot of time revisiting the Western genre, and I have been rewarded with a ream of excellent adult pieces by the likes of Anthony Mann, Henry King and Budd Boetticher. Few of them are as undervalued, and maybe as forgotten, as this first class effort from all involved, it's a must see for any serious Western fan. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Archetypal Western tragedy based on the Earp/Holliday/Tombstone legends***\r\n\r\nA professional town-tamer named Blaisdell (Henry Fonda) is hired as an independent marshal by the citizens of Warlock to rid them of an unruly gang; meanwhile a repentant member of the bunch becomes deputy sheriff (Richard Widmark), which creates friction. Anthony Quinn plays the former\u2019s faithful sidekick.\r\n\r\n\u201cWarlock\u201d (1959) is an adult Western cut from the same dramatic cloth as similar late 50s/early 60\u2019s Westerns like \u201cMan of the West\u201d (1958). The mature and psychological script was based on Oakley Hall\u2019s novel, which was a fictionalization of the OK Corral legends, which is why it\u2019s not too difficult to read Earp/Holliday into the Fonda/Quinn characters and Abe McQuown\u2019s gang as the Clanton/McLaury gang.\r\n\r\nThe fact that Quinn\u2019s Morgan character is loosely based on Doc Holliday is a good reason to reject the supposed \u2018homosexual subtext\u2019 of Morgan. There\u2019s not enough evidence to draw such a radical conclusion. Morgan was simply Blaisedell\u2019s loyal and ruthless partner; he loved Blaisedell like close members of a military squad or like a brother.\r\n\r\nOn the female front we have two very striking women: Dolores Michaels plays Blaisedell\u2019s potential babe, Jessie Marlow, while Dorothy Malone  is on hand as Lily Dollar, a mysterious woman from Blaisedell\u2019s past who takes interest in the new deputy sheriff (Widmark).\r\n\r\nThe town scenes were filmed at 20th Century Fox Studios in Century City, CA, whereas the scenic sequences were all shot in Moab, Utah, near Arches National Park. Needless to say, the latter locations are magnificent.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 2 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [42500, 40630, 41857, 83099]}