{"tmdb_id": 374475, "title": "Toni Erdmann", "original_title": "Toni Erdmann", "slug_title": "toni-erdmann", "date": "2016-07-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Winfried, 65 ans, rend une visite surprise \u00e0 sa fille Ines, 37 ans, en Roumanie, il pense que cette derni\u00e8re a perdu le sens de l'humour et d\u00e9cide de l'aider \u00e0 le retrouver, en multipliant les farces.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9dgzhMtzmhMKncYgl4KHI0DGCYM.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Simonischek (Winfried / Toni)", "Sandra H\u00fcller (Ines)", "Lucy Russell (Steph)", "Vlad Ivanov (Illiescu)", "Hadewych Minis (Tatjana)", "Ingrid Bisu (Anka)", "Trystan P\u00fctter (Tim)", "John Keogh (Mr. Myers)", "Alexandru Papadopol (Dascalu)", "Radu Banzaru (Bogdan)", "Victoria Malektorovych (Natalja)", "Ingrid Burkhard (Annegret)", "J\u00fcrg L\u00f6w (Gerhard)", "Cosmin Padureanu (Taxi Driver)", "Michael Wittenborn (Henneberg)", "Thomas Loibl (Gerald)", "Ruth Reinecke (Renate)", "Irene Rindje (B\u00e4rbel)", "Nicolas Wackerbarth ()", "Ursula Renneke (Lehrerin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**What do you think is worth living for?**\r\n\r\nI had tough time to figure it out what was the thing on the poster. Seeing it upside down, with mirror, name it, I used all the tricks I know, but nothing had worked. On the other hand, I thought it might be a fantasy film with a King Kong like creature. That's the curiosity it created, people to a have different opinions and forget to expect from the film. But it was a simple comedy-drama and only way to solve the mystery is to watch the film. That's what I finally did.\r\n\r\nThe opening scene was good. But I did not think the whole film would be like that. It was about a prankster and his attempts to reach his workaholic daughter, which was the entire narration. A lifetime trip for them, that's not about the challenges in the world or the nature, but their self-discovery, the meaning of life and purpose. This is one of the beautiful films to open up about a father and daughter relationship. In the grown-up world, the people forget to live the actual life, when they give all the focus to their professional life.\r\n\r\nI have to agree, this is a competitive world and you will be replaced by millions of other waiting behind you for such opportunity. But does it all worth doing is the real question. Doubts like that won't arise without those who love us pointing it out. It needs to be asked properly, politely. But some people take an alternate route like in this film. Sometimes it ends in an unexpected adventure to just realise what they are into. And this film was honest, to reveal as much as it can in many angles.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of Winfried. An aged and divorced music teacher who makes practical jokes to people around him. After his dog died, he decides to reconnect with his only daughter Ines, who is now working in Romania. She is on the cusp to get her desired position in the office. On her one final push for that, is now getting distracted by her father. She who never understood her father's way of life, tries to get an answer out of him about the life. So that's where their journey begins. Some of the bold steps taken by them, the film accomplishes what it wanted to tell us in a unique way.\r\n\r\n> \"The problem is it's so often about getting things done. You do this, You do that. And in the meantime, life just passes by.\"\r\n\r\nThe film was actually loosely based by the director's own father. The writing was brilliant. It reminded me 'Infinitely Polar Bear', because these women directors inspired by their fathers to show the world how their childhood was like. The actors were amazing, particularly those two in the main roles. I liked them both equally. From the different angle, they have given different performances. There's no surprise if you liked the film only because of them.\r\n\r\nThe film had won many prestigious awards around the globe and now its biggest stand off is at the 2017 Oscars which is a few weeks away. Another Scandinavian film, which is also nominated for the Oscar, is also about an old man like this one. But I think 'Under Sandet' is the frontrunner for the golden statue. Because we all know that America's and Academy's sentimental towards the WWII.\r\n\r\nWhen it comes to rating, the film is strictly for adults. It was good in the initial parts, but there are some surprise nude and sex scenes. At that time I thought it lost its path, but actually that was the turning point where you are going to witness a different half of the film. Surely many people going love the second half more than the first.\r\n\r\nAt first, it looked like it is a German version of 'The Family Fang', but only more realistic with dark humour. It's difficult to understand every scene, especially in the first watch. Because without knowing the film characters, the events involving them look casual. Capable to get the sense of humour is the key here. So if you decide for the second time viewing, you will learn more about it. It is one of those films that second time watch necessary for some people.\r\n\r\nFrankly, I did not think it was a great film, just after finish my watch. But thinking back about all those film events, made sense. By the time I decided to write this review, I was in its favour. That's the reason I won't write about the films right away. This is a great film, but you have to focus closely and understand everything, then you will have a great time. But remember, it is one of the longest film in the recent time, particularly for a comedy-drama, yet enjoyable. Recommended!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [375315, 374473, 370755, 320007]}