{"tmdb_id": 374458, "title": "Baccalaur\u00e9at", "original_title": "Bacalaureat", "slug_title": "baccalaureat", "date": "2016-05-20", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Romeo, m\u00e9decin dans une petite ville de Transylvanie, a tout mis en \u0153uvre pour que sa fille, Eliza, soit accept\u00e9e dans une universit\u00e9 anglaise. Il ne reste plus \u00e0 la jeune fille, tr\u00e8s bonne \u00e9l\u00e8ve, qu\u2019une formalit\u00e9 qui ne devrait pas poser de probl\u00e8me : obtenir son baccalaur\u00e9at. Mais Eliza se fait agresser et le pr\u00e9cieux S\u00e9same semble brutalement hors de port\u00e9e. Avec lui, c\u2019est toute la vie de Romeo qui est remise en question quand il oublie alors tous les principes qu\u2019il a inculqu\u00e9s \u00e0 sa fille, entre compromis et compromissions\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oHczUfmNQIWgByK1GwyhA3H3ZbC.jpg", "actors": ["Adrian Titieni (Romeo Aldea)", "Maria Dragus (Eliza)", "Lia Bugnar (Magda)", "M\u0103lina Manovici (Sandra)", "Vlad Ivanov (Chief Inspector)", "Gelu Colceag (Exam Commitee President)", "Rares Andrici (Marius)", "Petre Ciubotaru (Viceprimar Bulai)", "Alexandra Davidescu (Mama lui Romeo)", "Emanuel Parvu (Procurorul Iva\u015fcu)", "Lucian Ifrim (Albu Marian)", "Gheorghe Ifrim (Agent Sandu)", "Adrian V\u0103ncic\u0103 (Gelu)", "Orsolya Moldovan (Csilla)", "Tudor Smoleanu (Doctorul Pandele)", "Liliana Mocanu (Doamna Bulai)", "David Hodorog (Matei)", "Constantin Cojocaru (Me\u0219ter L\u0103c\u0103tu\u0219)", "Eniko Benczo (Doamna Mariana)", "Claudia Susanu (Femeia de serviciu)", "Petronela Grigorescu (Mama de feti\u021b\u0103)", "Robert Emanuel (P\u0103rinte de b\u0103iat)", "Mihai Giuri\u021ban (Bodyguard)", "Andrei Morariu (Un soldat)", "Kim Ciobanu (Suspectul no 1)", "Claudiu Dumitru (Suspectul no 2)", "Mihai Coroian (Suspectul no 3)", "Valeriu Andriuta (Suspectul no 4)", "Ioachim Ciobanu ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A father's desperate attempt for his daughter.**\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'Beyond the Hills'. I have not seen many Romanian films, but a couple of his films, so I had an anticipation and it fulfilled that. If you are familiar with his works, you will love it too as well. It is an Oscar material like 'Toni Erdmann', but Romania had sent a different film. The film had achieved multiple things, including majorly highlighting the social issues and the education system, particularly from the parent's perspective. But it is basically about a father and his desperate attempts for his daughter for her better future. So it is something like 'Fathers & Daughter', but on one particular topic and the on- screen presentation was so realistic without the background score.\r\n\r\nEverything revolved around what the title suggested. A father who is professionally a doctor wants to provide a better education for his daughter. While facing a series of vandalism, his family gets a major shock after an unexpected terrible event. It was just before the daughter's annual exam. So it seems they're all disturbed by it, but the father is still not giving up on his daughter's exam, which requires a better score to get into the best university in the world. Apart from that, his other side of the personal and professional life takes some major turns. The film reveals all his struggles while breaking some moral laws.\r\n\r\n> \u275dSometimes, in life, it's the result that counts.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe tale was told from the father's perspective and that character was seen almost in every frame. A good father knows what's best for his child, but sometimes crossing limits is what they do because of love and care. On the other hand, growing up kids, especially turning eighteen means that's when they actually begin to meet the real world. So basically they want to lose their parents' influence in their life as much as possible like when a baby bird starting to stretch its wings. Those stuffs were not prioritised here, but understandable from the developments we witness.\r\n\r\nFrom the social aspect, the corruption and educational demands, that's especially in the high scoring contest were the deriving plots from the main. The film could have been 10-15 minutes shorter if the father's professional side of the tale was not covered. It looked unnecessary, but fairly the part of the story when a slice of his life was what this film is about. I think not everybody sees the film's intention which is definitely not entertainment, nor inspiration, but kind of fact based on the parents.\r\n\r\nYeah, I would have done almost the same as what the father has done in this. But due to some parallel developments in the main story, he had to face extra pressure from his own family. So unexpected way the narration takes the turn towards the final section. That's disappointing if you had supported the father from the very beginning. But a lesson he had learnt for his approach to deal the affair that he thought is slipping away from his master plan.\r\n\r\nOverall, a very good film, something you will learn how some people plan to deal a difficult stage of their life that's impacted by other surrounding developments. My only, slight disappointment was the crime part of the story which did not meet my expectation, but in most of the case that's how reality would be. So this is for particularly the drama film fans, because coping with the pace requires a little patience.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [336222, 374475, 340481, 160768], "youtube_key": "i49iyn7FN6Y"}