{"tmdb_id": 37441, "title": "The Ape Man", "original_title": "The Ape Man", "slug_title": "the-ape-man", "date": "1943-03-05", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mF3px84dcwETJpoZGqND0enQ9bJ.jpg", "actors": ["Bela Lugosi (Dr. James Brewster)", "Louise Currie (Billie Mason)", "Wallace Ford (Jeff Carter)", "Henry Hall (Dr. George Randall)", "Minerva Urecal (Agatha Brewster)", "Emil Van Horn (The Ape)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Captain)", "Wheeler Oakman (Brady)", "Ralph Littlefield (Zippo)", "Jack Mulhall (Reporter)", "Charles Jordan (O'Toole)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bela Goes Ape!\r\n\r\nWilliam Beaudine directs and Bela Lugosi stars in this cheapie horror that finds Lugosi as a mad scientist who has transformed himself into an ape man hybrid. Cue more mad science as Lugosi and his pet gorilla go on a killing spree in search of the spinal fluid that may cure Lugosi of his ills...\r\n\r\nIt's not to be taken seriously, of course, since it's all very goofy and over melodramatic. Lugosi does turn in some genuine moments of acting that hold the attention, whilst an array of energetic characters buzz in and out of the story. The science is nutty and the means and motives of Lugosi's initial experiments are left floating up where Dandelo the cat would eventually wind up. But it's a short piece that doesn't hang around to annoy or dull the senses, it's not very good, but at least it isn't boring with it. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52941, 59158, 43045, 38404]}