{"tmdb_id": 374617, "title": "Imperium", "original_title": "Imperium", "slug_title": "imperium", "date": "2016-08-19", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Nate Foster, jeune recrue du FBI, est charge\u0301 par sa supe\u0301rieure d'infiltrer en tant qu'indic un groupuscule ne\u0301o-nazi. D'abord re\u0301ticent, Nate comprend vite que pour mettre en confiance les membres de l'organisation, il doit devenir un des leurs...\r Cra\u0302ne rase\u0301, pre\u0301tendument ve\u0301te\u0301ran de guerre, le voila\u0300 contraint de participer aux de\u0301bordements racistes et d'adhe\u0301rer aux discours haineux du groupe. Tiraille\u0301 entre sa morale et les impe\u0301ratifs de sa mission, Nate est pris devertiges lorsqu'il de\u0301couvre que le groupe pre\u0301pare une attaque terroriste sans pre\u0301ce\u0301dent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aRRLpsusORQxOpFkZvXdk00TkoY.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Radcliffe (Nate Foster)", "Toni Collette (Angela Zampino)", "Tracy Letts (Dallas Wolf)", "Sam Trammell (Gerry Conrad)", "Nestor Carbonell (Tom Hernandez)", "Chris Sullivan (Andrew Sheehan)", "Seth Numrich (Roy)", "Pawel Szajda (Vince Sargent)", "Devin Druid (Johnny)", "Burn Gorman (Morgan)", "Adam Meier (Frank Hedges)", "Roger Yawson (Usman)", "Linc Hand (David)", "Vanessa Ore (Becky)", "Jasson Finney (Billy)", "David Aranovich (Ernest Walton)", "Paul H Chapman (Gary)", "David Meadows (Rick)", "Maboud Ebrahimzadeh (Abdul)", "Asif Khan (Fariq)", "Cora Metzfield (Madeline)", "Aidan Fiske (Timmy)", "Alex Miller (Wolf's Assistant)", "Mike Marunde (Harris Pitt)", "Robert Poletick (Jim Sharpe)", "Marty Terry (Elderly Woman)", "Jeff Goins (Steve)", "Shawn Singletary (Tim)", "Charlie V. Wilson (Priest)", "Jonathan Darden Reed (Aryan Alliance Member)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The good, the Bad and the Ugly sides of the FBI force!**\r\n\r\nThe post Harry Potter series, apart from awesome in 'Horns', Daniel Radcliffe struggled to find his character, where he fits in. I mean he tried many different ones, but I think in this he was so good. Initially I thought 'whaaaat?' Because with his physique, he did not qualify to play an FBI agent. He was like when the Captain America first came to the army recruitment. And then when the story progressed, I realised the character was designed that way. So I found it kind of fun, though the topic it was dealing, especially knowing it was inspired by the real, this is definitely an eye opener.\r\n\r\nThe first 5 minutes reveals the film's whole plot. Though the opening was the end part of some undercover operation taken by the FBI. It does not show us how it all had happened, but with a new mission, another similar kind of event follows which is what this film.\r\n\r\nSome people call it a propaganda, but I think it was a good message film for the common people. For how misused the homeland security force. I mean they were doing their jobs, but for achieving big within the force, they take the risks which unfortunately transforms the barking dogs into the biting ones.\r\n\r\nSo basically the infiltration means, they are the one to encourage those bad guys to act, in order to get them red handed. If it was for a good cause like if they nab the real culprit, then it's okay, but the innocents should not be turned into evil and punished. Like there are no bad guys, but they make one and take into the custody. If you watch it and think about it, you would relaise what I meant.\r\n\r\nIt was a better film than I anticipated, and the performance by Daniel Radcliffe was the highlight of the film. Some newcomer directed it and decently done his job. Not a must see, but surely I force you to watch it to learn the good, the bad and the ugly sides of the FBI force.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [325789, 351339, 303991, 309886]}