{"tmdb_id": 374720, "title": "Dunkerque", "original_title": "Dunkirk", "slug_title": "dunkerque", "date": "2017-07-19", "genre": ["Guerre / Action / Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Au d\u00e9but de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, en mai 1940, environ 400 000 soldats britanniques, fran\u00e7ais et belges se retrouvent encercl\u00e9s par les troupes allemandes dans la poche de Dunkerque. L'Op\u00e9ration Dynamo est mise en place pour \u00e9vacuer le Corps exp\u00e9ditionnaire britannique (CEB) vers l'Angleterre.  L'histoire s'int\u00e9resse aux destins crois\u00e9s des soldats, pilotes, marins et civils anglais durant l'Op\u00e9ration Dynamo. Alors que le CEB est \u00e9vacu\u00e9 par le port et les plages de Dunkerque, trois soldats britanniques, avec un peu d'ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9 et de chance, arrivent \u00e0 embarquer sous les bombardements. Un p\u00e9riple bien plus grand les attend : la travers\u00e9e du d\u00e9troit du Pas de Calais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bOXBV303Fgkzn2K4FeKDc0O31q4.jpg", "actors": ["Fionn Whitehead (Tommy)", "Tom Glynn-Carney (Peter Dawson)", "Aneurin Barnard (Gibson)", "Jack Lowden (Collins)", "Harry Styles (Alex)", "James D'Arcy (Lieutenant-Colonel Winnant, BEF)", "Barry Keoghan (George Mills)", "Kenneth Branagh (Commander Bolton of the Royal Navy)", "Cillian Murphy (Shivering Soldier)", "Mark Rylance (Mr. Dawson)", "Tom Hardy (Farrier)", "Michael Caine (Radio Communication (voice))", "Billy Howle (Petty Officer)", "Bobby Lockwood (Seaman on Hospital Ship)", "Miranda Nolan (Nurse on Destroyer)", "Kevin Guthrie (A&SH BEF soldier)", "Brian Vernel (A&SH BEF soldier)", "Elliott Tittensor (Highlander)", "Matthew Marsh (Rear-Admiral of the Royal Navy)", "Jochum ten Haaf (Dutch Trawler Man)", "Damien Bonnard (French Soldier)", "Adam Long (Second Lt. Jeffries)", "Michael Fox (Royal Engineer, BEF)", "Harry Richardson (Private)", "Will Attenborough (Lt. Howe of the Royal Navy)", "James Bloor (Oily Survivor)", "Paul Riley Fox (British Soldier)", "Richard Sanderson (Heinkel Spotter)", "Valiant Michael (Warrant Officer)", "Johnny Otto (Captain Marshall)", "Jan-Michael Rosner (British Soldier)", "Brandon Duracher (Soldier)", "Samgar Jacobs (Royal Navy)", "Robby Prinsen (Royal Navy Officer)", "Simon Ates (British Expeditionary Force Soldier)", "Caleb Bailey (Soldier)", "Thomas Millet (French Soldier)", "Constantin Balsan (French Soldier)", "Aldo Beqiri (French Soldier)", "Sander Huisman (British Expeditionary Force Soldier)", "Callum Blake (Private Davies)", "Luke Thompson (Warrant Officer)", "Crystal Pereyra (Nurse on Destroyer)", "Bram Vlot (Royal Navy Sailor)", "Calam Lynch (Sailor from Deal)", "Jack Riddiford (Private Edwards)", "Merlijn Willemsen (British Soldier on the Sittard)", "Michel Biel (French Soldier)", "Niels van 't Dek (Sailor on Destroyer)", "Nirman Wolf (Marine)", "Tom Gill (Furious Soldier)", "Nick Vorsselman (British Expeditionary Force Soldier)", "Jedediah Jenk (British Expeditionary Force Soldier)", "Christian Janner (British Soldier)", "Bradley Hall (Sailor on Destroyer)", "Jack Gover (British Soldier)", "Davey Jones (British Soldier / Station Officer)", "Charley Palmer Rothwell (Corporal)", "Kim Hartman (Stewardess)", "Bill Milner (Lone Private)", "Eric Richard (Man at Railway Window)", "Harry Collett (Boy)", "Christian Roberts (Royal Navy Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Surely the filmmaker\u2019s insistence upon imposing his favourite device upon all his narratives is edging towards Shyamalan-like overkill...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2017/7/22/dunkirk.html"}, {"pseudo": "CourtneyM17", "content": "I was a little disappointed with this movie. I expected much more. Cinematically it was brilliant and it was an event/action driven movie when left me feeling a little disconnected. We don't know anything about these characters that we see and I personally didn't feel any emotions for the movie, even though I wanted to. I found myself quite bored halfway through the movie, the whole time I kept expecting more."}, {"pseudo": "Pierre_D", "content": "Tense film draws you to a doomed group.\r\n\r\nThose how are veteran war historians will quibble at some parts of Dunkirk, notably the separation of English and French troops in evacuation and the ships used to evacuate them. Dunkirk uses a few conceits to keep you involved. The first, which adds a notable amount of tension to the film, is a ticking clock in the background moving you to the final day. We see intercut scenes from different periods, prior, during and enacting the rout.\r\n\r\nActing is excellent throughout, and versimilitude is achieved with models of aircraft, uniforms, landing stages and so on. Injections of friendship and subsequent loss direct our affection to the sufferers. Harry Styles is more than competent as a young troop and Kenneth Branagh brings integrity and verve to his role as a tired and firm leader. If one oversight might have been addressed, it is the lack of focus on the German side of things in this affair. Our few glimpses are of German fighters and so on, with very explanation of the goings-on at the front.\r\n\r\nOverall an excellent war movie meant to be among your top ten, if not top five (It will be hard to dislodge All Quiet on the Western Front, Apocalypse Now, Paths of Glory, Saving Private Ryan and Tora Tora Tora!, among others). Recommend highly a good 8/10."}, {"pseudo": "defjeff", "content": "Dunkirk is a beautiful and unconventional World War 2 epic that is undoubtedly captivating, but it takes risks that may alienate some viewers. \r\n\r\nWhen people talk about a film they think it's about the setting, but it's actually about the characters. Saving Private Ryan isn't about World War 2. It tells a story about a squad of soldiers tasked with finding a young Private Ryan and getting him back safely to his family. Saying Dunkirk is a film about the Battle of Dunkirk however, is not inaccurate. The setting and characters are one. The choppy waters of the English Channel are equally as important, if not more so than the people who fought and died in them. As much as this makes for an interesting way to make a mainstream war film, it's also the reason why I wouldn't care to sit through it again. In some ways, it feels like watching a documentary with the narration turned off. \r\n\r\nI walked away impressed, and at the same time emotionally and intellectually unfulfilled."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Dunkirk_ was my best mate's favourite film of 2017. I find it difficult to understand exactly what drew him to this film so strongly. I find it difficult to say anything passionate about _Dunkirk_ at all. I think I arguably felt some tension in the earlier moments, and some of the shots were beautiful... I think? I honestly can't remember. _Dunkirk_ washed over me in the least impactful way possible, and then, like the tide, it was gone.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "dezmozegreato", "content": "I want to start by saying I\u2019m tired of seeing the big names in every movie I see, I think at times big name actors can take away from a movie more than benefit.  Dunkirk did a great job of allowing us to focus less on the actors and more on the story. I feel this movie put me in the story and allowed to experience first hand some of the lives that were impacted.\r\n\r\nThere wasn\u2019t a lot of character building in this movie, but that\u2019s what I loved, I feel like I was allowed to more so build on the experience over one person\u2019s story. Since we\u2019re not typically used to a movie being experience based over character based, I think some may find this as a flaw.  I did not. There were multiple stories and perspectives, all which immerse you into the current situation.\r\n\r\nChristopher Nolan did a great job of creating an overwhelming feeling of hopelessness throughout the movie, I felt like I could never feel safe and constantly looked for a way out. I was on the edge of my seat for the majority of the movie.\r\n\r\n**Dunkirk was a great roller coaster ride that allowed a view one may otherwise never experience.**"}, {"pseudo": "dshacky90", "content": "Okay first off, who came up with the idea \"Let's all cast guys who look exactly the same\"?  With all the jumping around in the story I could not tell who was where and what was going on half the time.  I see what he was trying to do on the cinematic side but it made it difficult as the viewer to fully follow it all the way.  \r\n\r\nProduction value was amazing and some of the scenes were absolutely stunning! Tom Hardy just flying over the coast was amazing.  But Tom Hardy could not save this movie.  I didn't know who was running where or if this person had died yet and the lack of dialogue was no help at all.  \r\n\r\nWouldn't watch it again"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have put off viewing this film for quite a while. The main reason for this is that I am somewhat reluctant watching a movie where the story is pretty well known before you sit down to watch it. However a few days ago I finally did and, given all the hype, I have to say that I expected more, a lot more.\r\n\r\nSure the movie is a cinematically very well down movie. Acting, camera and all that is excellent. Unfortunately that is all there is.\r\n\r\nFirst of all, where the hell did the over-inflated budget go? Dunkirk was a major undertaking with almost 400 000 soldiers involved and hundreds and hundreds of boats. We get to see what? A few columns of soldiers, a handful of boats and three pitiful spitfires against a bomber and two Fock Wulfes. To add to this insult we pretty much get to see the same bloody event over and over from different angles. This is an insult to all the brave men that made this rescue possible.\r\n\r\nThere are a few likable people in the movie. Like the Navy commander and the elderly guy on the pleasure boat steaming to rescue. The rest are either psychotic or morons.\r\n\r\nRealism? Not so much. Like the scene where a bunch of soldiers are trapped in a boat being shot to pieces. Would any one in their right mind really have thought they could plug dozens and dozens of holes with their hands and then sail across the channel?\r\n\r\nThen we have the spitfire which runs out of fuel and glides around forever over the beach so the director can get some scenic shots done. Other times fairly large boats gets damaged and flips over in seconds.\r\n\r\nI would also have expected some pre-story. Some build up. But no, the story starts right away with these measly handful of boats and planes taking for bloody ever to drag themselves over to where they are supposed to go.\r\n\r\nQuite a disappointment indeed."}], "recommandations_id": [335984, 359940, 339403, 399404], "youtube_key": "F-eMt3SrfFU"}