{"tmdb_id": 37482, "title": "Le pass\u00e9 se venge", "original_title": "The Crooked Way", "slug_title": "le-passe-se-venge", "date": "1949-04-22", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "H\u00e9ros de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, Eddie Rice vient de passer plusieurs ann\u00e9es dans un h\u00f4pital militaire. Bless\u00e9 \u00e0 la t\u00eate, il est amn\u00e9sique et les m\u00e9decins ont tout tent\u00e9 pour le soigner. Le traitement est un \u00e9chec, son handicap irr\u00e9versible. Sur les conseils de son m\u00e9decin, Eddie quitte l'h\u00f4pital. Il va rejoindre Los Angeles, sa ville d'origine, esp\u00e9rant que le hasard mette sur sa route ceux qui pourront lui rappeler son pass\u00e9. D\u00e8s son arriv\u00e9e, il est interpell\u00e9 par deux policiers. Pour eux, il est Eddie Riccardi, un homme au pass\u00e9 criminel trouble qui n'aurait jamais d\u00fb revenir en ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hvmedXuRI39GRmPm52OsM5uyy7I.jpg", "actors": ["John Payne (Eddie Rice / Eddie Riccardi)", "Sonny Tufts (Vince Alexander)", "Ellen Drew (Nina Martin)", "Rhys Williams (Lieutenant Joe Williams)", "Percy Helton (Petey)", "John Doucette (Sgt. Barrett)", "Charles Evans (Captain Anderson (as Charlie Evans))", "Greta Granstedt (Hazel Downs)", "Raymond Largay (Arthur Stacey, M.D.)", "Harry Bronson (Danny)", "Hal Baylor (Coke (as Hal Fieberling))", "Don Haggerty (Hood)", "Jack Overman (Hood)", "Crane Whitley (Doctor Kemble / Off-Screen Narrator)", "John Harmon (Kelly)", "Garry Owen (Man from Green Acres Mortuary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Organic Shrapnel In The Head. \r\n\r\nThe Crooked Way is directed by Robert Florey and adapted to screenplay by Richard H. Landau from the Radio Play \u201cNo Blade Too Sharp\u201d by Robert Monroe. It stars John Payne, Sonny Tufts, Ellen Drew, Rhys Williams, Harry Bronson and Hal Baylor. Music is by Louis Forbes and cinematography by John Alton. \r\n\r\nWorld War II veteran Eddie Rice (Payne) is suffering from permanent amnesia after a piece of shrapnel was lodged in his brain. With no recollection of his past life, he heads off to the only place he has a link with, the army registration office in Los Angeles. No sooner does he arrive there he is picked up by the cops, and soon his past life slowly begins to piece together, and it doesn\u2019t make for good news at all\u2026 \r\n\r\nThe amnesia plot device is served up once again for a film noir make-over, with mixed results. As a story it just about registers as interesting, there\u2019s not nearly enough made of the premise, with much of Eddie\u2019s memory recollections a bit too convenient for comfortable dramatic purpose. The smart hook is that Eddie, now a genuine nice guy, begins to find out he was something of bad man, very much so, and there are plenty of people displeased with him. There\u2019s also some considerable violence dotted throughout, aggression is palpable, while lead cast performances are more than adequate for the material to hand. \r\n\r\nHowever, on a visual level The Crooked Way is on a different planet to the screenplay. John Alton brings all his skills as a film noir cinematographer here, photographing the whole film through a noir kaleidoscope. Characters move through shadows and light, or are bathed in various dark reflections, with the interior sequences brilliantly adding an aura of mental fog. With Florey throwing his bit in the mix as well, with canted angles and isolated lighting of the eyes, it\u2019s a top draw noir of the film making style. Their work deserves a better story, but regardless, because of the tech quality and the safe nature of the premise, this has to be a comfortable recommendation to anyone interested in film noir. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42288, 30102, 35920, 37195], "youtube_key": "notfound"}