{"tmdb_id": 37521, "title": "La disparition du vol 412", "original_title": "The Disappearance of Flight 412", "slug_title": "la-disparition-du-vol-412", "date": "1974-10-01", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Quatre experts sont envoy\u00e9s \u00e0 bord du vol 412 pour r\u00e9soudre certains probl\u00e8mes techniques. Mais le voyage va se transformer en cauchemar et l'avion dispara\u00eet des radars. Retrouvez les acteurs cultes de la t\u00e9l\u00e9vision des ann\u00e9es 70, dont le tout jeune David Soul qui deviendra le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Hutch quelques ann\u00e9es plus tard.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/osiDh4EKEwNPkFWBxa5GWbNc9fb.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Colonel Pete Moore)", "Bradford Dillman (Maj. Mike Dunning)", "David Soul (Capt. Roy Bishop)", "Robert F. Lyons (Capt. Cliff Riggs)", "Guy Stockwell (Lt. Col. Trottman)", "Greg Mullavey (Lt. Tony Podryski)", "Stanley Bennett Clay (2nd Lt. Ferguson)", "Jack Ging (Green)", "Ken Kercheval (White)", "Edward Winter (Mr. Cheer)", "Jonathan Goldsmith (Smith)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was a decent TV-movie about US government reaction to the question of air force personnel coming across UFOs during routine flight tests. It is well-acted and constructed, and at 71 minutes, doesn't overstay its welcome. Though I haven't been the biggest Glenn Ford fan over the years, through seeing more of his work, my appreciation and fondness had been slowly but steadily climbing, and it was a decent, fun look at pre-'Starsky and Hutch' and pop-music-success David Soul and pre-'Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman' Greg Mullavey, as well as other decent, recognizable talent from the 70's American crime/police shows and TV-movies I watched growing up here in Canada.\r\n\r\nFormer actor and later Directors Guild of America vice president and president director Taylor, a mainstay of American TV-movies and shows from 1965-2004 (whom I know most from his work on the original 'Star Trek' series) utilizes a documentary-style approach for the film, complete with military words and times appearing on the screen and narration. It's a serviceable method, though at the very end he undermines it, showing the usual 'All characters and events are fictitious...' blurb...had he not, I would have given it 7/10. It's a decent watch and makes you wonder just how governments around the world have reacted to abnormal events such as those that are talked about here. It's definitely worth a watch if you're interested at all in 'close encounters', like any of the three actors I mentioned, and can appreciate and enjoy the 70's style of television making. My copy was in my infamous Mill Creek 50-pack 'Nightmare Worlds'."}], "recommandations_id": [41023, 50688, 281168, 37522], "youtube_key": "notfound"}