{"tmdb_id": 375262, "title": "La Favorite", "original_title": "The Favourite", "slug_title": "la-favorite", "date": "2018-11-23", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9but du XVIII\u00e8me si\u00e8cle. L\u2019Angleterre et la France sont en guerre. Toutefois, \u00e0 la cour, la mode est aux courses de canards et \u00e0 la d\u00e9gustation d\u2019ananas. La reine Anne, \u00e0 la sant\u00e9 fragile et au caract\u00e8re instable, occupe le tr\u00f4ne tandis que son amie Lady Sarah gouverne le pays \u00e0 sa place. Lorsqu\u2019une nouvelle servante, Abigail Hill, arrive \u00e0 la cour, Lady Sarah la prend sous son aile, pensant qu\u2019elle pourrait \u00eatre une alli\u00e9e. Abigail va y voir l\u2019opportunit\u00e9 de renouer avec ses racines aristocratiques. Alors que les enjeux politiques de la guerre absorbent Sarah, Abigail quant \u00e0 elle parvient \u00e0 gagner la confiance de la reine et devient sa nouvelle confidente. Cette amiti\u00e9 naissante donne \u00e0 la jeune femme l\u2019occasion de satisfaire ses ambitions, et elle ne laissera ni homme, ni femme, ni politique, ni m\u00eame un lapin se mettre en travers de son chemin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mKefh4QjkiWPJgWvVkGwZ953p3e.jpg", "actors": ["Olivia Colman (Queen Anne)", "Emma Stone (Abigail Hill)", "Rachel Weisz (Sarah Churchill, Lady Marlborough)", "Nicholas Hoult (Robert Harley, Earl of Oxford)", "Joe Alwyn (Samuel Masham)", "Mark Gatiss (John Churchill, Lord Marlborough)", "James Smith (Lord Sidney Godolphin)", "Jenny Rainsford (Mae)", "Emma Delve (Queen's Maid)", "Faye Daveney (Sarah's Maid)", "Paul Swaine (Wanking Man)", "Jennifer White (Mrs. Meg)", "Lilly-Rose Stevens (Sally)", "Denise Mack (Kitchen Servant)", "Willem Dalby (Central Tory Booker)", "Edward Aczel (Earl of Stratford)", "Carolyn Saint-P\u00e9 (Madame Tourn\u00e9e)", "John Locke (Eviction Courtier)", "Everal Walsh (Servant, Upstairs)", "Timothy Innes (Footman #1)", "Basil Eidenbenz (Footman #2)", "James Melville (Footman #3)", "Declan Wyer (Footman #4)", "Anthony Dougall (Queen's Doctor)", "Ben English (Page #1)", "Peter Brookes (Page #2)", "Wilson Radjou-Pujalte (Pigeon Boy)", "Gavin Henderson (Music Teacher)", "Callum Lewin (Nude Pomegranate Tory)", "Liam Fleming (Kevin)", "Angela Hicks (Singing Woman)", "Martin Pemberton (Fire Eater)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Overrated? Most assuredly, but utterly engaging from beginning to end. Not Yorgos' most humorous piece, but technically sound and brilliantly acted.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nThe Favourite is one of the most acclaimed movies of last year, receiving multiple nominations at dozens of awards shows and winning a whole bunch of them (2nd most awarded film of 2018, behind Roma). Being a fan of Yorgos Lanthimos\u2019 style, I couldn\u2019t be happier for him, and I was now even more excited to watch what he produced and directed. This movie is a classic example of an Oscars\u2019 tradition of sorts. A lot of audience members make their mission to watch every Best Picture nominee before the big night, and there\u2019s always one film that people fail to grasp on why did it get so much praise? Why are critics all around the world absolutely loving what audiences perceive as an \u201cokay\u201d time at the theater, but which contains a long, weird and maybe even dull (for some) story?\r\n\r\nWell, first of all, this is technically a masterpiece. I mean, every single technical aspect is worthy of recognition. The production and set design are gorgeously eyegasmic. The score is unusual for a period piece like this, but it weirdly works, as it continuously elevates the tension between the three main characters and helps the story flow with an always conspicuous, treacherous feeling. Even the cinematography and the plays with candlelight offer some pretty neat scenes. However, and prepare to be surprised, the costume design steals the show from all the other achievements. This is coming from a guy who has utterly no interest in this particular matter and who rarely talks about it, so I\u2019m as surprised as you are. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s not due to the costumes being pretty or appropriate to the time period. Almost every movie that tackles these times nail the costume design, but only a few can tell a character arc through it. Even less are capable of embodying the whole screenplay like this Oscar-bait does. Our protagonists have distinct journeys, but their ends all have similarities. One way of understanding the story is through what they wear, which seamlessly represent the arc that each character takes to get where they eventually end up. These layers of storytelling keep the film intriguing, but Lanthimos\u2019 uncommon methods plus McNamara and Davis\u2019 script will displease some audience members.  \r\n\r\nThe Favourite is that movie that audiences are going to be perplexed about why do critics adore it. There\u2019s no secret, really. Audience members don\u2019t care about the technical part of films. They couldn\u2019t care less about costume design, cinematography, score or how the screenplay is written. They want to be entertained and have a good time at the theater, so I find reasonable if people leave a bit disappointed with one of the most critically acclaimed movies of 2018. Lanthimos doesn\u2019t deliver formulaic stories, and he certainly doesn\u2019t film them in a regular fashion, so I firmly believe the general public isn\u2019t really going to enjoy this one. His unique style brings a very different tone, pace and filming techniques that people aren\u2019t used to experiencing. Fortunately, there\u2019s more than just technical attributes to this film. Three magnificent and powerful performances from Olivia Colman, Emma Stone, and Rachel Weisz, carry the whole thing to safe harbor.\r\n\r\nThese three actresses deserve every single nomination they got so far. Colman delivers both a hilarious and emotionally heavy display, as Anne. An incredibly fragile Queen with a shockingly traumatic past, whose love and affection is being fought for between Abigail and Sarah. Most of the laughs this movie gives are through Anne and her petty behavior towards her servants. Colman delivers her body and soul to her role, adding yet another fantastic performance to her splendid career. Weisz is just flawless. Sarah\u2018s arc is Abigail\u2018s opposite in almost every way, and Rachel is remarkably sharp. She doesn\u2019t really have a definite shining moment like Stone or Colman have, but it\u2019s a consistent and robust display from an actress who needed a return to the spotlight.\r\n\r\nNevertheless, it\u2019s Emma Stone who shines through with an unbelievable range of emotions and expressions. Her performance in La La Land is great, but as Abigail she is outstanding! She handles her character\u2019s personality change with an impeccable transition regarding her acting and the only reason why she\u2019s probably not getting the Oscar win, is due to the campaign supporting Regina King (If Beale Street Could Talk). Abigail is the character that moves the plot forward by trying to steal Sarah\u2018s place near the Queen. Her intelligent and manipulative moves are extremely captivating, as well as her will to gain Anne\u2018s love.\r\n\r\nYorgos Lanthimos knows his craft and his weird yet unparalleled style is something that will surely deliver even more divisive and confusing films in the future. From the camera angles to his methods of storytelling, he\u2019s one hell of a director-writer-producer! Technically, The Favourite is undoubtedly one of the best movies of the last year. The impressive production and set design plus the addictive score definitely raise the film, but the costume design tells a whole story through what the characters dress during the whole runtime. The screenplay is remarkably-written, filled with complex dialogues and several twists and turns, which lead our characters through eventful arcs. \r\n\r\nOlivia Colman and Rachel Weisz deliver compelling performances, but Emma Stone is in another level. Her range is mind-boggling, and she carries a big responsibility by portraying the character who changes the whole story. Nevertheless, the movie feels a bit too long, and the story drops its interest levels during the transition from the second to the third act. Basically, I\u2019ll put it like this: if you\u2019re just a regular audience member who only goes to the theater to eat popcorn while being entertained, The Favourite isn\u2019t going to make you eat your whole bucket; if you watch films through a more in-depth look, then you\u2019ll be as marveled as I was by the end of it.\r\n\r\nRating: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [426426, 490132, 429197, 487558]}