{"tmdb_id": 375366, "title": "The Last Girl - Celle qui a tous les dons", "original_title": "The Girl with All the Gifts", "slug_title": "the-last-girl-celle-qui-a-tous-les-dons", "date": "2016-09-23", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un petit groupe d\u2019enfants, immunis\u00e9s contre un terrible virus qui risque de d\u00e9cimer l\u2019humanit\u00e9, est d\u00e9tenu dans un camp militaire. Bien qu\u2019ils se nourrissent eux aussi de viande humaine, les enfants sont encore capables d\u2019\u00e9prouver des sentiments. Ils sont donc essentiels \u00e0 la recherche men\u00e9e par le docteur Caldwell, biologiste, pour trouver un vaccin capable de sauver l\u2019esp\u00e8ce humaine. Parmi les enfants, une petite fille, Melanie, sort du lot : dot\u00e9e d\u2019un esprit brillant, elle est tr\u00e8s li\u00e9e \u00e0 la ma\u00eetresse, Miss Justiniau. Quand le camp est attaqu\u00e9 par les zombies, le petit groupe entame une terrible odyss\u00e9e dans une Grande-Bretagne en ruine. Melanie, l\u2019ancienne prisonni\u00e8re, devient un pr\u00e9cieux guide\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/33IDooA29ctGHNE7gQW6cwbmRP3.jpg", "actors": ["Sennia Nanua (Melanie)", "Gemma Arterton (Helen Justineau)", "Paddy Considine (Sgt. Eddie Parks)", "Glenn Close (Dr. Caroline Caldwell)", "Fisayo Akinade (Kieran Gallagher)", "Anamaria Marinca (Dr. Selkirk)", "Anthony Welsh (Dillon)", "Joe Lomas (Joe)", "Dominique Tipper (Devani)", "Eli Lane (Kenny)", "Joel Sheldon (T-Shirt Boy)", "Will Brooks (Painted Boy)", "Tessa Morris (Rat Girl)", "Abigail Sams (Classroom Kid)", "Shay Gutteridge (Classroom kid)", "Elizabeth-Anne Fuller (Classroom Kid)", "Callum Lloyd (Classroom Kid)", "Alicia Morris (Feral Kid)", "Matthew Smallwood (Feral Kid)", "Macey Ward (Feral Kid)", "Amy Newey (Feral Kid)", "Elise Reed (Feral Child (Aarra))", "Joshua Smallwood (Feral Kid)", "Lobna Futers (Hungry)", "Stacey Lynn Crowe (Hungry)", "Amy Floyd (Hungry)", "Pete Buzzsaw Holland (Hungry 3 (uncredited))", "A.k. Steppa (Hungry (uncredited))", "Alex Reed (Hungry)", "Richard Price (Hungry - Tree Hungry)", "Alexandria Wright (Tree Hungry)", "Ita O'Brien (Pram Lady Hungry)", "Ria Lopez (Hungry)", "Sean Evans (Hungry)", "Ross Green (Hungry)", "Daniel Jack Evans (Hungry)", "Samantha Rushton (Hungry)", "Pamela DeAbreu (Hungry)", "Rayn Khan (Hero Hungry)", "Matt Adcock (Hungry)", "Jim Macie (Hungry)", "Daniel Eghan (Soldier)", "Laura Marie Howard (Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The first step towards the new order after a great disaster.**\r\n\r\nA dystopian British film. Zombie theme based on the book of the same name. The story of a few survivours, but all the focus was on the little girl. Thematically a very familiar film, but the storyline from the characters' perspective makes it unique. Nice cast, but it was not about Gemma Arterton. Her part was small, despite she can be seen in the film's entire stretch.\r\n\r\nAt the beginning, I did not know what's happening. Only after the second stage of the story commence, most of the doubts were cleared. But again, till the final scene, the film holds us with the strong progression. In some parts, it looks silly, but makes sense on the basis of its all the developments.\r\n\r\nAfter their enclosure was broke, a group of survivours roams around the London looking for the food and the safe place. They manage to get away in some of the close encounters with the running deads. But how long it goes like that becomes the question. Besides, they divide when the girl comes into their topic. How the story ends was with a small twist.\r\n\r\nThere were some good zombie films in the last two years. This is one of those. If you like zombie theme, you might find it a refreshing. Not the storywise, but the characters. The little kid was so good. They have picked the right one for that role. Looks like it could be a cult film. Ends high, but I don't think there will be any sequel or prequel in the future. Definitely worth a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [377264, 397243, 313922, 381034], "youtube_key": "HjGkB_oWTe0"}