{"tmdb_id": 37534, "title": "Instinct de survie", "original_title": "The New Daughter", "slug_title": "instinct-de-survie", "date": "2009-12-18", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Affect\u00e9 par un divorce douloureux, John James d\u00e9cide de venir habiter seul avec ses deux enfants dans une ferme. Rapidement, il va remarquer le comportement \u00e9trange de sa fille. Il suspecte les s\u00e9pultures, dans le champ tout proche, d'en \u00eatre la cause.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oP84JrZR6TQIRoJSJ5fIYTUVXLX.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Costner (John James)", "Ivana Baquero (Louisa James)", "Gattlin Griffith (Sam James)", "Samantha Mathis (Cassandra)", "Noah Taylor (Prof. Evan White)", "Amanda Garsys (Student)", "Mark Charles Davis (Student)", "Edmund Entin (BC #2)", "Gary Entin (BC #1)", "Margaret Anne Florence (Alexis Danella)", "James Gammon (Roger Wayne)", "Christopher Harvey (Rick Ross)", "Sandra Ellis Lafferty (Ms. Arnworth)", "Brynn Massey (Sally)", "James Middleton (Scott)", "Erik Palladino (Sheriff Ed Lowry)", "Guy Perry (Alpha Creature)", "Martin Thompson (Stewart Green)", "Nevaina Graves Rhodes (Pam)", "Rob Bonz (Adrian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "This is quite close a B series movie. Nothing unexpected, the creatures a laughable and the FX virtually non-existent.\r\n\r\nMaybe you can save the performance from both children, Baquero and Griffith, but that's it."}, {"pseudo": "Kewl Kat", "content": "**SOME SPOILERS** This movie was mildly entertaining but incredibly maddening. Kevin Costner's character was a failure as a parent and as a human being. The instant he discovered that his little girl was going to be made into a sex queen for the mound folk, he should have set up a sting. The daughter was what, 13? It doesn't matter what state in America they were in, this is illegal everywhere. Middle school kids cannot legally be involved in orgy situations in the Unites States. Yes, he was searching key words on the internet like \"puberty\" and \"raising a teen daughter\", so I know he put in some effort. Sadly, it was not nearly enough and he should have known that. Why wasn't he Googling \"Mound sex and underage girls\" or \"The ethics of engaging in multi-partner mound coitus with a child\"? He would have seen it was totally illegal and he could have contacted the authorities. He was too worried about coming off as an unkewl, preachy, helicopter dad."}], "recommandations_id": [27135, 24116, 26587, 10790]}