{"tmdb_id": 375950, "title": "M\u00e9decin de campagne", "original_title": "M\u00e9decin de campagne", "slug_title": "medecin-de-campagne", "date": "2016-03-23", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Tous les habitants, dans ce coin de campagne, peuvent compter sur Jean-Pierre, le m\u00e9decin qui les ausculte, les soigne et les rassure jour et nuit, 7 jours sur 7. Malade \u00e0 son tour, Jean-Pierre voit d\u00e9barquer Nathalie,  m\u00e9decin depuis peu, venue de l\u2019h\u00f4pital pour le seconder. Mais parviendra-t-elle \u00e0 s\u2019adapter \u00e0 cette nouvelle vie et \u00e0 remplacer celui qui se croyait\u2026 irrempla\u00e7able ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ymytgiRmoGC5L87IqWf2Z4tdumF.jpg", "actors": ["Fran\u00e7ois Cluzet (Jean-Pierre Werner)", "Marianne Denicourt (Nathalie Delezia)", "Isabelle Sadoyan (La m\u00e8re de Werner)", "F\u00e9lix Moati (Vincent Werner)", "Christophe Odent (Nor\u00e8s)", "Patrick Descamps (Maroini)", "Guy Faucher (Monsieur Sorlin)", "Margaux Fabre (Ninon)", "Julien Lucas (Le fianc\u00e9 de Ninon)", "Yohann Goetzmann (Alexis)", "Jos\u00e9e Laprun (La m\u00e8re d'Alexis)", "Philippe Bertin (Guy)", "G\u00e9raldine Schitter (Fanny)", "Sylvie Lachat (La patiente d\u00e9pressive)", "R\u00e9gis Iacono (Le patient diab\u00e9tique)", "Michel Charrel (Monsieur Jallet)", "Jeanne Buchard (Jeune femme condylome)", "Anthony Bajon (Jeune homme condylome)", "Jean Haas (Monsieur Voucher)", "Michel Ridou (L'agriculteur)", "Lism\u00e8ne Joseph (Sandana)", "Fran\u00e7oise Pinkwasser (La patiente m\u00e9nisque)", "Jeanne Cellard (Vieille patiente alit\u00e9e)", "Claudine Baschet (Vieille dame campement)", "Jennifer Rozier (M\u00e8re Enzo)", "Merwan Baghdadi (Enzo)", "Blanche Cluzet (Educatrice CAT)", "Isalinde Giovangigli (Charg\u00e9e de mission)", "Rafik Ben Mebarek (Conducteur accident)", "Juliette Aoudia (Infirmi\u00e8re chimio)", "C\u00e9cile Bouillot (Repr\u00e9sentante d\u00e9partement)", "Marilyse Lagrafeuil (Serveuse restaurant)", "S\u00e9bastien Faglain (Employ\u00e9 de mairie)", "Frank Silver (Chanteur groupe Country)", "Wilfried Capet (Bartender)", "Vladimir Enquin (Fils du Maire)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A medicine tale.**\r\n\r\nThe lives of doctors. Most of the film covered from the professional aspect and between two. A junior and a senior doctor. When I decided to watch it, I anticipated either fun or an inspiring film. But it was like too serious and a casual storyline. I mean it could have been a documentary, but the presentation was clearly a cinematic. Then all cinemas need a writing, so does it. More like from someone's real life experience. It had the ingredients, but everything was straightforward without twist and turn.\r\n\r\nIf you consider the story progressing to the next level is a twist or turn, then the film had a few of those often. Though they are not effective as what a viewer actually meant a real twist in the storytelling. Nowadays, twist means a mind blowing development/scene. The characters were well designed. Between the main two, the narration keeps hopping, revealing their lives as doctors, especially in the rural. There's more to it, that theirs commitments and differences within their passion for their work.\r\n\r\nA single doctor who has been dedicated all his life to the poor patients from the rural, now discovered he has a brain tumour. He begins his treatment right away, but he was advised to retire and rest. That's where a junior doctor comes in. His replacement. The two work together, where she learns all his patients, but it was not a smooth ride. Since he's not happy to be replaced, particularly his patients are unique, their different style of treating the patients brings a crack in the relationship even before they had one.\r\n\r\n> \u275dWhat I call nature may be something else for believers. But don't tell me nature is beautiful.\u275e\r\n\r\nOne thing that unites them is the medicine. Despite the differences, they make their best effort to contribute from their field of expertise. They are the best doctors, but joining the hand at the wrong time is what the English translated title meant. That's almost the entire story of it. Along with their struggle in the rural settings like it be commuting from place to place, at day and night, whenever the service required.\r\n\r\nThe film justifies on the roles it focused on than the concept it deals with. So most of those who watches it won't say they saw a very good film. Even me too felt that way. That does not mean it was bad flick. Some people surely would enjoy it being as it is. I think the real doctors or their friends and families and patients, to see their similar experiences on the screen. What I had liked was, highlighting the work ethic between the rural and the city doctor. It was like a two different world.\r\n\r\nI have rated it better, because of the quality of the content than what I wanted to have a nice time. Besides, it's almost free of clich\u00e9s. Like no romance, no medical miracles or the unexpected subplot developed to brighten up the narration in places. That kept me going. Like I have already mentioned, it was practically a documentary feature, with a cinematic experience.\r\n\r\nThe trivia say, it was made by a doctor turned filmmaker. So what do you expect from such director. His previous flick too was about the same theme. Usually when such films are made, the writers, director do research for depicting the contents perfectly. That has not required here. Nicely made film, but not for everyone. One of the under- noticed film, and that's reasonable for such a film, but bashing it even after watching it like what illiterates does. So watch it and respect it or else do not think about it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [375897, 372640, 329809, 383869], "youtube_key": "_D4E1hzbfys"}