{"tmdb_id": 376178, "title": "River Red", "original_title": "River Red", "slug_title": "river-red", "date": "1998-11-06", "genre": [""], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "A young man is placed in the position of having to kill his drunken, abusive father to protect his younger brother. Realizing that the younger brother will get off easier, he admits to the crime and goes to jail. Meanwhile the older brother finds his family deep in debt and he is unable to pay enough from his job as a dishwasher and selling wood. Thus he sets off on a series of robberies of convenience stores in adjoining towns. Back home, he tells everyone that he has come into a mild inheritance. However, he is racked with guilt and has trouble with a budding relationship because of this dark secret. The film's focus is on his struggle to determine his correct path.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7SMUJ0mQUzazxURNse0vdR87jgF.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Everett Scott (Dave Holden)", "David Moscow (Tom Holden)", "Cara Buono (Rachel)", "David Lowery (Billy)", "Denis O'Hare (Father)", "Michael Kelly (Frankie)", "Leo Burmester (Judge Perkins)", "Tibor Feldman (Dr. Harry Fields)", "James Murtaugh (Chief Bascomb)", "Michael Angarano (Young Tom)", "Peter Anthony Tambakis (Young Dave)", "Ted Travelstead (Gas Attendant)", "Marcia DeBonis (Sara)", "Chris Cantwell (Mr. Taylor)", "Andrew Van Dusen (Convenience Store Clerk)", "Jefferson Taffet (Young Store Clerk)", "Mella Fazzoli (Timmy the Mechanic)", "Charle Landry (Mike Sanel)", "Christopher Petrosino (Store Clerk's Son)", "Jenni Gallagher (Denise)", "Chris McGinn (Woman in Store)", "Andrew Sikking (Liquor Store Clerk)", "Louis Ludwig (Elderly Clerk)", "John Lally (Mr. Orton)", "Trudy Lally (Mrs. Orton)", "Gary Kauffman (Prosecutor)", "Pete 'Conan' Winebrake (Defense Attorney)", "Daniel Prucell (Boy at Sara's)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}