{"tmdb_id": 376261, "title": "Sexe, Mensonges et \u00c9lections : L\u2019Affaire Anthony Weiner", "original_title": "Weiner", "slug_title": "sexe-mensonges-et-elections-laffaire-anthony-weiner", "date": "2016-05-20", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Avec un acc\u00e8s sans restriction \u00e0 la campagne d'Anthony Weiner pour devenir maire de New York, le film r\u00e9v\u00e8le l'histoire humaine dans les coulisses d'un scandale politique de grande envergure, et offre un regard non censur\u00e9 sur la mani\u00e8re dont la politique est aujourd'hui dirig\u00e9e par une envie de spectacle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9JL6O7srbkOPUO6o9avV9JC1VSn.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Weiner (Himself)", "Huma Abedin (Herself)", "Amit Bagga (Himself - Senior Advisor)", "Adam S. Barta (Himself)", "Stephen Colbert (Himself (archive footage))", "Bill de Blasio (Himself (archive footage))", "Sydney Leathers (Herself)", "Lawrence O'Donnell (Himself (archive footage))", "Howard Stern (Himself (archive footage))", "Jon Stewart (Himself (archive footage))", "Donald Trump (Himself (archive footage))", "Jordan Zain Weiner (Himself)", "Camille Joseph (Herself - Campaign Manager)", "Barbara Morgan (Herself - Communications Director)", "Andrew Noh (Himself - Campaign Aide)", "Maura Tracy (Herself - Senior Staffer)", "J. Buzz Von Ornsteiner (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen Zealots", "content": "A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com\r\n\r\nChances are, you already know how the story of disgraced former New York congressman Anthony Weiner plays out. You may think \u201cWeiner,\u201d a documentary about the man\u2019s unsuccessful New York City mayoral run, will just be a series of \u2018been there, done that\u2019 storytelling. I had the same trepidation going into the screening for this film but instead left the theater having viewed a riveting, engrossing, expertly crafted documentary.\r\n\r\nSome viewers may find this film exploitative, focusing too much on Weiner\u2019s personal life that is, quite frankly, none of our damn business. Political junkies (like myself) will delight in this compelling behind-the-scenes peek at the inner workings of a campaign in crisis mode. Watching public relations tactics changing from offensive to defensive is absolutely fascinating, and this timely documentary also tackles the media\u2019s rabid obsession with scandal (and reveals the true power of their public influence when it comes to electing our governing officials).\r\n\r\n\u201cWeiner\u201d digs deep in its look at the professional and emotional damage that a political scandal can inflict. Directed by Josh Kriegman and Elyse Steinberg, the film obviously started out as a celebratory highlight reel to feature the delight of a disgraced candidate\u2019s comeback. Early scenes in the film are cheerful, filled with boisterous scenes of neighborhood campaigning and percolating with a general \u2018yes we can\u2018 atmosphere. All of this suddenly comes crashing down as we watch, on film, the breakdown of a candidate\u2019s dreams, ideals, and a huge chunk of his personal life.\r\n\r\nWeiner is married to Hillary Clinton\u2019s long-time right hand woman, Huma Abedin. Huma is one smart, strong and tough woman, but it\u2019s seriously sad to watch a marriage nearing collapse under the weight of a sexting scandal. Whether intentional or not, this film heavily implies spousal emotional abuse. There are many instances where the camera captures a teary-eyed Abedin with her head hung low, crossing her arms and sadly staring off into space. I have much respect for the family for allowing the camera to hang around, even during some uncomfortably tense and very embarrassing personal moments.\r\n\r\nMost viewers will know that Weiner (aka \u2018Carlos Danger\u2019) is a trainwreck when it comes to his personal life and most know the outcome of the race for mayor, but this film is still completely mesmerizing. The man\u2019s a political survivor, driven with a sincere desire to work hard to make his city great. His policies and beliefs all make sense \u2014 so why can\u2019t this guy keep his stuff together and quit sending naughty photos and inappropriate texts? The most compelling scene in the entire film is when he\u2019s asked on camera if he thinks he \u201chas a problem.\u201d Weiner\u2019s candid response is as weighty as it is revealing.\r\n\r\nThe smart \u2018show don\u2019t tell\u2019 angle of this film makes it a winner. While it doesn\u2019t quite reach the heights of my personal \u2018Hall of Fame\u2019 docs like \u201cMan On Wire,\u201d \u201cGrizzly Man\u201d or \u201cThe Act of Killing,\u201d the film is clear, concise, well edited, and a prime example of what all documentaries should aspire to be.\r\n\r\n**A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW www.screenzealots.com**"}], "recommandations_id": [373072, 432987, 124067, 381025], "youtube_key": "U7Dq8UMjlq0"}