{"tmdb_id": 376290, "title": "Miss Sloane", "original_title": "Miss Sloane", "slug_title": "miss-sloane", "date": "2016-11-25", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Elizabeth Sloane est une lobbyiste impitoyable r\u00e9put\u00e9e pour son talent hors pair, pr\u00eate \u00e0 tout pour gagner. Ses bras de fer avec les plus hautes instances du Congr\u00e8s am\u00e9ricain l\u00e8veront peu \u00e0 peu le voile sur les v\u00e9ritables r\u00e8gles du jeu en vigueur \u00e0 Washington.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cBihI90XaXiWEB9bFJeTC73BlWF.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Chastain (Madeline Elizabeth Sloane)", "Mark Strong (Rodolfo Vittorio Schmidt)", "Gugu Mbatha-Raw (Esme Manucharian)", "Alison Pill (Jane Molloy)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Pat Connors)", "Jake Lacy (Forde)", "David Wilson Barnes (Daniel Posner)", "Dylan Baker (Jon O'Neill)", "Raoul Bhaneja (R.M. Dutton)", "Chuck Shamata (Bill Sanford)", "Christine Baranski (Evelyn Sumner)", "Sam Waterston (George Dupont)", "John Lithgow (Senator Ronald Sperling)", "Aaron Hale (Junior Spencer)", "Al Mukaddam (Ross)", "Douglas Smith (Alex)", "Grace Lynn Kung (Lauren)", "Noah Robbins (Franklin Walsh)", "Andrew Moodie (Doctor (voice))", "Kyle Mac (Moore)", "Austin Strugnell (O'Hara)", "Zach Smadu (Ramirez)", "Ennis Esmer (Brian)", "Meghann Fahy (Clara Thompson)", "Lucy Owens (Cynthia Green)", "Angela Vint (Brenda Patterson)", "Kevin Jubinville (Senator Wallace)", "Lee Smart (UAPD Fundraiser M.C.)", "Helen Johns (Lady in White)", "Anand Rajaram (Dr. Raj Amarasekara / Matthew Kantaria)", "Rick Campanelli (Reporter)", "John Gallagher (Radio DJ)", "Anthony Furey (TV Producer)", "Rick Roberts (Senator Mandel)", "Murray Furrow (Parr)", "Courtenay J. Stevens (Larsson)", "Craig Eldridge (Senator Hank Badgley)", "Sergio Di Zio (Big Sam)", "Joe Pingue (Little Sam)", "Gurdeep Ahluwalia (News Anchor)", "Michael Cram (Frank McGill)", "Jack Murray (Buzz Cut Shooter)", "Ola Sturik (TV Reporter)", "Paul McGuire (Talk Show Host)", "Alexandra Castillo (Pru Walsh)", "Doug Murray (Mike Gordon)", "Greta Onieogou (CKW Junior)", "David Rosser (Senator at Hearing)", "James Passero (Hallway Reporter)", "John Milson (Hallway Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A mastress stroke!**\r\n\r\nAnother American politics, why should I care! If you are saying like that, then you are missing out something wonderful. First of all it was not based on any real, except the gun control theme that rocked the US recently. Nor it was adapted from a book. That's really got me. This was a beautiful screenplay and I could not think how flawlessly someone has written just for a film, not for a book. Secondly, in todays world where the voices were raised for the equal rights/opportunity for women, this film became a great example to head on the right path.\r\n\r\nIt opened with a court scene, then went back to flashback to reveal everything that happened in between period. There's a voting is to take place in the parliament for the introduction of a new bill. The miss Sloane's firm splits over differences and hence two teams fight for one another in the same matter, but to achieve the opposite result. Pursuing the MPs and all other dramatic events takes place, while they are ready to go any length. Then the story comes to an end with a twist with one of them victorious, but a heavy price has to pay it.\r\n\r\nYou might won't like the politics, but this is not one. This is something like the story of an election campaign team. How they work to achieve their goal, particularly keep checking their rivalry. So it was more or less a cat-mouse game kind, but the perspective was not shared equally. The majority of the film was from miss Sloane's angle. Just like from 'Zero Dark Thirty', Chastain has been simply awesome. One of her career best performance for sure. I don't get it how this film had missed the Oscars race. She should have won the best actress award. I might a little late to watch, but I did not miss it. So I hope you too as well not to miss it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [396371, 259695, 388399, 334524]}