{"tmdb_id": 376455, "title": "Kodi", "original_title": "\u0b95\u0bca\u0b9f\u0bbf", "slug_title": "kodi", "date": "2016-10-28", "genre": ["Romance / Action / Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "A young politician finds himself in a position where he has to contest against his girlfriend, who is ambitious. Circumstances force his look-alike twin to also get involved in this political battle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKppS0YERRx399E0ufiTvQQh4Tv.jpg", "actors": ["Dhanush (Kodi & Anbu)", "Trisha Krishnan (Rudhra)", "Anupama Parameswaran (Malathi)", "Saranya Ponvannan (Kodi and Anbu's Mother)", "G. Marimuthu (Marimuthu)", "Kaali Venkat (Bhagat Singh)", "Raja Simman (Kotraivel)", "S. A. Chandrasekhar (Thalaivar)", "Vijayakumar (Chief Minister)", "Namo Narayanan (Arivazhagan)", "Karunas (Murugan, Kodi & Anbu's Father)", "Swaminathan (Professor Swammiappan)", "Anil Murali (Police Inspector)", "Raj Kapoor ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**If one flag goes down, the other one will raise.**\r\n\r\nA decade ago, the same pair for a film would have been a laughing stock. The main factor was the chemistry between them, which is now improved a lot. Particularly Dhanush whose stardom rose into the sky high. I am talking about Dhanuhs-Trisha combo. They were good in this film, but the nature of their roles was another advantage to work out so well. Not very romantic as if you had thought that way, but it was about politics and achieving their goals at any cost.\r\n\r\nSo this is the story of the twin brothers, who were born and raised in the political influenced family. Since their father lost his life for a good cause during political struggle, one of the brothers got interested in his father's path from the young age. The story is to reveal his ambitions and the secret romance with an opposition party member. On the other side his innocent brother having his way of life which disturbs after something went wrong. With a twist, the narration shifts to thriller in its final act till the conclusion.\r\n\r\nThe actors' presence made this film watchable. The direction was average. The writing was not good. So much clich\u00e9, that straightly borrowed from the 90s Kollywood films. Though, overall the messages were good in a few parts. But sometimes overshadowed by commercial elements like unwanted punchlines, unrealistic fights and slow- motion clips in this modern era of the film world. Particularly, as usual, the songs were the big drawback. If you are an Indian and Tamilan, then you have a chance to enjoy it, due to familiarity with the concept of the film and the culture that depicted in the film. For an outsider, the 80 per cent of the film does not make any sense. But even for the native viewers, I would say choose it carefully, because it is not a must see.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Belle Perera", "content": "It shows how person can be so cruel to beloved,and in contrast how person can love honestly. Also,Anyone can change own completely to if they have strong intention towards their goal like Anbu did.That's extremely heart touching movie."}], "recommandations_id": [369094, 411717, 376446, 78847], "youtube_key": "Y9vTEQ2FYVI"}