{"tmdb_id": 37659, "title": "When You're Strange", "original_title": "When You're Strange", "slug_title": "when-you-re-strange", "date": "2010-04-09", "genre": ["Documentaire / Musique"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "A l'origine, il y a Les portes de la perception, le livre d'Aldous Huxley sur son exp\u00e9rience de la mescaline et d'autres drogues hallucinog\u00e8nes. La citation de William Blake, qui lui a fourni le titre de ce livre, inspira \u00e9galement Jim Morrison et Ray Manzarek pour le nom du groupe - The Doors - qu'ils fond\u00e8rent en 1965 \u00e0 Venice Beach avec John Densmore et Robby Krieger. Ils allaient devenir l'un des groupes les plus importants et les plus influents du rock am\u00e9ricain.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p0et0nrScm3Rzc0hafhizLQeuqm.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Depp (Himself - Narrator (voice))", "Jim Ladd (Himself (voice))", "Jim Morrison (Himself (archive footage))", "John Densmore (Himself (archive footage))", "Ray Manzarek (Himself (archive footage))", "Robby Krieger (Himself (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Great documentary on The Doors.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2009 and written & directed by Tom DiCillo, \"The Doors: When You're Strange\" documents the rise and fall of The Doors from 1966-1971, narrated by Johnny Depp. From beginning to end, archival footage and photos of the band are featured focusing on the members: Ray Manzarek (keyboardist), Robby Krieger (guitarist), John Densmore (percussionist) and, especially (of course), Jim Morrison (singer/lyricist).    \r\n\r\nI\u2019ve only seen two documentaries on The Doors, the one featured on Oliver Stone\u2019s \u201cThe Doors\u201d (1991) DVD, which features modern interviews with the band members & linking people (like Morrison\u2019s witchy former babe, who loathed the movie), and this one. Both documentaries are great, but \u201cThe Doors: When You\u2019re Strange\u201d doesn\u2019t focus on modern interviews, although some of the luminaries are asked questions in the archival footage.\r\n\r\nThe documentary is just transfixing from beginning to end and features 37 songs by the iconic band. Depp is, surprisingly, an excellent narrator and not goofy at all. Even if you\u2019re familiar with the band you\u2019ll probably gain some new tidbits. For instance, the band curiously never had a bass player, although Elvis\u2019 bass player performed on their last album; as such, keyboardist Manzarek made up for it by essentially playing bass on one hand. Manzarek, by the way, passed away in May, 2013, at the age of 74.                             \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 25 minutes.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [104366, 408436, 124485, 16012], "youtube_key": "hMMo3EmIfJw"}