{"tmdb_id": 376660, "title": "The Edge of Seventeen", "original_title": "The Edge of Seventeen", "slug_title": "the-edge-of-seventeen", "date": "2016-11-18", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Nadine et Krista d\u00e9couvrent le monde merveilleux du lyc\u00e9e. Mais leur belle amiti\u00e9 est mise \u00e0 mal lorsque la premi\u00e8re apprend que la seconde sort avec son grand fr\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oK57qV2sbVD8p53iyvFeiv19FUB.jpg", "actors": ["Hailee Steinfeld (Nadine Franklin)", "Haley Lu Richardson (Krista)", "Blake Jenner (Darian Franklin)", "Woody Harrelson (Mr. Bruner)", "Kyra Sedgwick (Mona Franklin)", "Hayden Szeto (Erwin Kim)", "Alexander Calvert (Nick Mossman)", "Eric Keenleyside (Tom Franklin)", "Nesta Cooper (Shannon)", "Meredith Monroe (Greer)", "Katie Stuart (Jeannie)", "Lina Renna (Little Nadine)", "Christian Michael Cooper (Little Darian)", "Ava Grace Cooper (Little Krista)", "Laine MacNeil (TCBY Girl)", "Jena Skodje (Little Mean Girl)", "Daniel Bacon (Film Festival Emcee)", "Kavandeep Hayre (Teammate)", "Lyle Reginald (Junior Guy)", "Chris Shields (Hospital Official)", "Christian Lagasse (Usher)", "Kirsten Robek (Krista's Mom)", "Laura Ward (Erwin's Friend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "\"Shit. Underdeveloped? Overdeveloped? A good movie's a good movie.\"\r\n\r\n- Ice T\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Nothing is frustrating than losing a best friend!**\r\n\r\nThere are lots of stupid teen films in the recent time. But don't confuse it with them. It is a fine, sensible drama with some fun. It's a dream debut for the director. Being a woman and making a film on the same subject, especially teenager issue, really well investigated and turned into the beautiful film. Yeah, it is now one of the cult films and by the years pass on, it will gain more popularity with a certain group of people.\r\n\r\nA teen girl who lost her close friend to her brother after they both falling in love which she did not approve. It's only the beginning of her worst life in her mid teenage. So now she has to find a way to turn her life around, or she can live her life as it is, but with complaints. The second half of the film is to cover her attempt to recovery, if she achieves one.\r\n\r\nThe surprise was, I anticipated normal teen comedy that targeted teens only. But it is almost for all ages, excluding the little ones for its strong thematic contents. Kind of inspiring and entertaining film. The casting was awesome. Hailee nailed it just like Ellen Page did for 'Juno'. Yeah, the people were comparing it with that film already. Very satisfying film on this particular theme and definitely a must see.\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [272693, 157386, 200727, 308369]}