{"tmdb_id": 376867, "title": "Moonlight", "original_title": "Moonlight", "slug_title": "moonlight", "date": "2016-10-21", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Le passage \u00e0 l'\u00e2ge adulte d'un jeune homme, Chiron, pendant l'\u00e8re de la guerre contre la drogue \u00e0 Miami.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6Eg6OfwghmSLVtt2sfGD5YOEFjI.jpg", "actors": ["Trevante Rhodes (Chiron \"Black\" Harris)", "Andr\u00e9 Holland (Kevin Jones)", "Janelle Mon\u00e1e (Teresa)", "Ashton Sanders (Teen Chiron Harris)", "Jharrel Jerome (Teen Kevin Jones)", "Alex Hibbert (Child Chiron \"Little\" Harris)", "Jaden Piner (Child Kevin Jones)", "Naomie Harris (Paula)", "Mahershala Ali (Juan)", "Patrick Decile (Terrel)", "Edson Jean (Mr. Pierce)", "Shariff Earp (Terrence)", "Duan Sanderson (Azu)", "Rudi Goblen (Gee)", "Herveline Moncion (Samantha)", "Fransley Hyppolite (Pizzo)", "Larry Anderson (Antwon)", "Tanisha Cidel (Principal Williams)", "Stephon Bron (Travis)", "Don Seward (Tip)", "Justin Ebenhack (Gang Member)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Blue is the warmest colour.**\r\n\r\nThis is an exceptional film, but only from one perspective and that is, LGBT. I totally respect that, because I'm a big supporter. But apart from that, particularly from the filmmaking aspect I did not like it. I felt like this film took place somewhere in Africa, but the accent was American. Because I could not find a single white or any other race people, even in the background.\r\n\r\nThe happy parts are, it is surprisingly a very interesting theme. I loved the storyline. The three phases of a man's life. How things around us can influence to build a personality. Sometimes in a good sense, but according to this film, there are some dramatic turns. Though the end was very simple, but I liked the first episode. It had potential to be a message film, but the later parts turned differently. Most importantly realistic narrative.\r\n\r\nMore like it is about the life cycle. Feels like a short and suburban version of 'Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring'. All the actors were so good. The screenplay was adapted from a book. Looks like it's a breakthrough for the director. I hope he keeps up the momentum and gives us the best products in the future. This film is not for everyone, mainly because of the theme. Initial parts were okay, but the latter developments were unexpected. It is one of the good films of the year, not the best.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334541, 338766, 334543, 393457]}