{"tmdb_id": 376955, "title": "A Grain of Sand", "original_title": "A Grain of Sand", "slug_title": "a-grain-of-sand", "date": "2013-05-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "As Steve prepares the perfect proposal, his girlfriend, Ally finds out the bank is going to take her grandma\u2019s house if she doesn\u2019t come up with a very large sum of money by noon on Monday. On the way home she stops for a cup of coffee and meets Tony and Frankie, a couple of bumbling mobsters who have just completed a large \u201cdeal\u201d. When they leave the coffee shop their backpacks get switched.  The mayhem begins when Ally discovers she has a bag full of mob money and Sal, the mob boss finds the \u201cmorons\u201d have brought back the wrong bag full of nursing books. Sal gives Tony and Frankie one hour to retrieve the money while Ally tries to convince Steve to keep it.  Stir in Steve\u2019s meddling mother and a couple of inept FBI agents and you have a recipe for a hilarious zany adventure. Can romance win over all of these obstacles?", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Ken Alter (Mr. Greely)", "Ameir Aoun (Young Frankie)", "Samantha Mae Avery (Ally)", "Alana Jo Beckman (Linzey)", "Alex Bozinovic (Steve)", "Kimberly Cruchon Brooks (Mrs. McNally)", "Justin Drenan (Pizza Guy)", "Christy Edwards (Motel Clerk)", "Rocco Guirlanda (Sal)", "Scott Huard (Street Criminal)", "Kimberly K. Jones (Rose)", "Madge Levinson (Granny)", "Brandon Mach (Older Boy Dancer)", "Caden Miller-Baker (Boy 1)", "Jessica Nichole (Angela)", "Tim Oestreich (Tiny)", "Col. Neil J. Patterson (Chef)", "Darryl Perry (Agent Rowlings)", "Darryl Perry (Agent Rawlings)", "Cara Rakowicz (Coffee Shop Girl / Bridesmaid)", "Andrew David Romano (Tony)", "Frank A. Simasko (Preacher)", "Jennifer Thal (Room Service Girl)", "Gregory Walter (Frank)", "Tonino Zaccagnini (D.J.)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}