{"tmdb_id": 377151, "title": "Fuocoammare, par-del\u00e0 Lampedusa", "original_title": "Fuocoammare", "slug_title": "fuocoammare-par-dela-lampedusa", "date": "2016-02-18", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Samuele a 12 ans et vit sur une \u00eele au milieu de la mer. Il va \u00e0 l'\u00e9cole, adore tirer et chasser avec sa fronde. Il aime les jeux terrestres, m\u00eame si tout autour de lui parle de la mer et des hommes, des femmes, des enfants qui tentent de la traverser pour rejoindre son \u00eele. Car il n'est pas sur une \u00eele comme les autres. Cette \u00eele s'appelle Lampedusa et c'est une fronti\u00e8re hautement symbolique de l'Europe, travers\u00e9e ces 20 derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es par des milliers de migrants en qu\u00eate de libert\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a1fjb1FNCCl3CFgGpj8VsACp5H.jpg", "actors": ["Samuele Pucillo (Himself)", "Mattias Cucina (Himself)", "Samuele Caruana (Himself)", "Pietro Bartolo (Himself)", "Giuseppe Fragapane (Himself)", "Francesco Paterna (Himself)", "Francesco Mannino (Himself)", "Maria Signorello (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Multi-layered Mediterranean Sea tale.**\r\n\r\nThis documentary film is not in detail like any normal documentary does, to highlight the rights and wrongs. Actually, it speaks less and reveals more through its pictures. So anybody can make their own narration watching this film. The filmmakers left that part empty for you the viewers to decide. But my advice for you if you want to try this, that don't expect it to be about the 'immigration' alone. This film was multi-layered. There are many angles of focus about different topics, but kind of all are connected which is the Mediterranean Sea.\r\n\r\nSo the common thing in the film is the Sea that divides the two continents, Europe and Africa. This film sets around that region about the people who depended on it for the living, growing up and looking for the fresh life start. But the majority of those who saw it recognise only the refugees who cross the sea. That's wrong to label this film is about the refugees. Around 20-25 per cent of the film concentrated on that issue. Only about their struggle on their journey to the other side, but it reveals nothing on its root cause. If you ask me, I would say only one religion making all this mess in the middle-east, otherwise you won't see the western army in that region.\r\n\r\nSome of the clips, the real ones are really disturbing. I won't blame those people who took such risk to get the other side of the sea. Believe me, I'm not a nationalist, so I won't believe in borders and regions that divided over language and ethnicity base. But I do mind the religious. If that was eradicated from the earth's surface, particularly one that's causing all the trouble immediately, we can co-exist peacefully. That's the major issue here, but we're after temporary solution. The film does not say all this, but you will get the clear picture.\r\n\r\n> \"The ships fired rockets and at sea. It was like there was fire at sea.\"\r\n\r\nFor me this was an average film. I have seen the much better documentaries than this on various issues of the world. The filmmakers don't want to take sides, so they only revealed the truth by just following and making videos of life in and around the Mediterranean Sea. Like I meantioned earlier, some of the angles do not make any sense or difficult to understand its purpose. I don't know the others, but I have got plenty of questions about the film to ask the filmmakers. If you are like me, welcome aboard.\r\n\r\nIt was the Italian entry for the 2017 Oscars and it did not make, but found a slot in the list of Best Documentary Feature. This is the first out of five from that category I have seen, so I don't know whether it wins the award or not, but as per the prediction made by film fanatics and critics, this is the frontrunner.\r\n\r\nWhatever the result would be, I'm not recommending it particularly the common people. Because the film fails to narrate the story which is very essential from the average peoples' perspective to get the message clear and loud. All one can get with this is only the outline on the very important issue at the moment. Remember how the David Attenborough's narration made to reach all the corners of the earth. Confusing over the purpose of the documentary, possibly misleading. Its like watching a news channel on the mute mode. Otherwise, this should have been one of the best of its kind.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [216790, 194104, 257237, 53925]}