{"tmdb_id": 37729, "title": "Bumm Bumm Bole", "original_title": "Bumm Bumm Bole", "slug_title": "bumm-bumm-bole", "date": "2010-05-14", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Khogiram (Atul Kulkarni), his wife (Rituparna Sengupta) and their kids Pinu (Darsheel) and Rimzim (Zia) belong to a terrorist dominated region. Khogiram and Ritu have a hand-to-mouth income working for a tea plantation and can barely manage things. The kids are affected by this as well. They go to a respectable school as it is Khogiram's ambition to give them the educational opportunities he missed. But the financial crunch makes it difficult for kids to match the standards of the school. They don't have enough money for uniform or shoes. Things become worse when Pinu misplaces Rimzim's only pair of shoes in the vegetable shop! Rimzim can't go to school without her shoes. They work out a scheme where both of them share the same shoes. However, Pinu always gets into trouble at school waiting for Rimzim to give him the shoes. He comes to know of the Interschool Marathon where one of the prizes is a pair of shoes. Pinu plans to run for it and win the shoes for Rimzim.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tuNPGk5zMZjsHLszEqMXntkZK3d.jpg", "actors": ["Darsheel Safary (Pinu)", "Atul Kulkarni (Khogiram)", "Ziyah Vastani (Rimzim)", "Rii Sen (Ritu)", "Rituparna Sengupta (Ritu)", "Ada (School Principal)", "Amitha (Singer)", "Charu (Miss Mahanata)", "Kuhu Datar (Kuhu)", "Deepali (Dance)", "Sulabha Deshpande (Kuhu`s Grandmother)", "Kaveri Jha (Banwri)", "Sejal Kulkarni (Moki)", "Ram Nagarkar (Temple priest)", "Archana Suseelan (Bubhoni)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}