{"tmdb_id": 377490, "title": "The Ambiguity of David Thomas Broughton", "original_title": "The Ambiguity of David Thomas Broughton", "slug_title": "the-ambiguity-of-david-thomas-broughton", "date": "2015-11-11", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pQS8k2XrVVnxFlbsd0mOugZYUDw.jpg", "actors": ["David Thomas Broughton (Himself)", "Sam Amidon (Himself)", "David Shrigley (Himself)", "Mark Andrew Hamilton (Himself)", "James Yorkston (Himself)", "Kerry Andrew (Herself)", "Lucy Jamieson (Herself)", "Howard Monk (Himself)", "Jonathan Meiburg (Himself)", "Dew Millward (Himself)", "Luke Drozd (Himself)", "Rob St. John (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "gregbutler1", "content": "by THOMAS BLAKE on 8 JANUARY, 2016\r\nin FILM, FOLK MUSIC REVIEWS\r\n\r\nViv Stanshall, Syd Barrett, Kevin Ayers, Robyn Hitchcock, Frank Sidebottom, Richard Dawson \u2013 England has always done a good line in wilfully obscure or idiosyncratic songwriters, so much so that the term \u2018English eccentric\u2019 has become something of an unutterable music critic clich\u00e9. When everyone from Ray Davies to PJ Harvey to Screaming Lord Sutch gets lumped under the same banner it might just indicate lazy music writers, or it might mean that there really is something in the ale that nurtures these outsider talents and endears them to the listener.\r\n\r\nOne such talent is David Thomas Broughton. Broughton hails from Otley in Yorkshire, an eccentric place in it own right (it is home to five active Morris dancing sides, which is impressive for a town of fewer than 14,000 inhabitants). He has lived in both North and South Korea, where he somehow managed to indulge his passion for ornithology. He plays loop pedal and a guitar, and sings. In the last ten years he has released upwards of half a dozen albums, as well as a couple of EPs, despite having little or no interest in the music business.\r\n\r\nJust your average reclusive folky type, you might think. But you\u2019d be wrong. For one thing, he is far from reclusive. A frequent live performer, his shows can be confrontational, intimate or bizarre. And, as a new film sets out to prove, there is nothing average about Broughton\u2019s approach to composition or performance.\r\n\r\nThere is a clip less than three minutes into Greg Butler\u2019s documentary, The Ambiguity of David Thomas Broughton, in which we are shown a heavily industrialised landscape, presumably Korean, hazed by pollutants, grim and unlovely. The scene cuts to footage of a pageant of unicyclists and people dressed as eggs. Over it all swoons music of beautiful, looped ambience, sounding almost like the cry of a gull, but coaxed into soft lapidary forms. These few seconds are Broughton in microcosm: delirious and exalted, obdurately ugly and superbly surreal. For the next hour Butler\u2019s film teases out these convergent strands to form a portrait of Broughton the creation and Broughton the human. What it finds is a shy, angry, self-mythologising presence. A melancholic comic. A singer of fragile folk songs and a destroyer of those very same songs.\r\n\r\nTalking heads abound. We get anecdotal insights into Broughton\u2019s home life from various family members. Fellow musicians and artists, collaborators and friends (including Shearwater\u2019s Jonathan Meiburg), give their opinions. In this way it is a fairly straightforward music documentary. But it is the subject rather than the form that the real interest lies, and here the subject comes across as an entirely unique person.\r\n\r\nThe most entertaining tales involve Broughton\u2019s onstage antics. At one gig he includes amongst his vast array of anti-musical instruments a personal attack alarm, switching it on and hurling it into the crowd, only to have it pelted back at him by an angry punter who can\u2019t hear the songs. Unsurprisingly, given the uncompromising nature of his shows, Broughton has developed some effective methods of dealing with hecklers, as is shown in some excellent festival footage.\r\n\r\nIn fact, a heartening amount of the film focuses on the live performances. This is where we see Broughton at his most ambiguous and contradictory, his most inexplicable and wonderful. His remarkable voice \u2013 imagine, if you can, a cross between Alfred Deller and Antony Hegarty, tempered with the bluff Yorkshire tones of early Jarvis Cocker \u2013 seems to be his primary instrument, backed with some innovative acoustic guitar. But then that loop pedal kicks in, and with it, seemingly, all the junk and ephemera of Broughton\u2019s life. Found sounds, found objects. Pathos sabotaged by bathos. Dadaist interruptions and surrealist non-sequiturs. Live shows become glorious messes. One of the most important and intriguing aspects of Broughton\u2019s work \u2013 and something that is explored in welcome depth by Butler and the film\u2019s contributors \u2013 is the idea of self-sabotage. There always seem to be two Broughtons at work: one creating effortlessly beautiful pieces of art and the other scrawling over these creations with iconoclastic (but supremely imaginative) vigour. This ambiguity runs right through his personality, so much so that nobody seems to know where the often crazed and sometimes angry persona ends and the real, shy, thoughtful Broughton begins.\r\n\r\nThe Ambiguity of David Thomas Broughton is an unshowy film. This is no bad thing \u2013 it creates a space that is filled with Broughton\u2019s complex personality and equally complex talent. It also serves as a valuable introduction to this most under-appreciated and fame-shy of artists. And, aptly, it ends with some excellent archive footage from the End of the Road festival which includes a serenade to a discarded sausage."}], "recommandations_id": []}