{"tmdb_id": 37775, "title": "Bianco, rosso e Verdone", "original_title": "Bianco, rosso e Verdone", "slug_title": "bianco-rosso-e-verdone", "date": "1981-02-20", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Three Italian have to move from their current city to vote to local elections elsewhere. Pasquale is an Italian emigrant living in Munich (Germany). He has to vote in Matera, Basilicata (south of Italy). He is genuinely happy to come back in Italy, even if just for some days; but the country he is dreaming is different from the reality he meets. Furio move from Torino to Roma with all his family. He is so niggler and heavy that Magda, his wife, is thinking to escape. Mimmo is a young good fellow, moving with his grand mother, from Verona to Roma. His trip is disturbed by worries about her health, while she is very calm. Written by 1felco", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7hAVV2eph2dirEjnEsQ93mqa3z3.jpg", "actors": ["Carlo Verdone (Pasquale, Mimmo, Furio)", "Irina Sanpiter (Magda)", "Elena Fabrizi (Teresa)", "Angelo Infanti (Raoul)", "Milena Vukotic (La prostituta)", "Mario Brega (Er principe)", "Andrea Aureli (lo zio di Mimmo)", "Elisabeth Wiener (la moglie di Pasquale)", "Anna Alessandra Ariorio (ragazza rossa)", "Vittorio Zarfati (il proprietario dell'albergo)", "Giovanni Brusatori (il medico)", "Giuseppe Pezzulli (Anton Giulio, figlio di Furio)", "Umberto Amambrini (uomo alla toilette)", "Alberto Canepa (il sacerdote)", "Eolo Capritti (presidente degli scrutatori)", "Angelo Casadei (scrutinatore)", "Geoffrey Copleston (uomo russo)", "Maria De Sisti (donna grassa al cimitero)", "Luciano Foti (scrutinatore)", "Fulvio Mingozzi (poliziotto)", "Carlo Mucari (poliziotto all'Ospedale)", "Stefano Natale (soldato)", "Cesare Nizzica (scrutinatore)", "Anna Maria Perego (scrutinatrice)", "Maria Tedeschi (scrutinatrice)", "Er Torella (Gaetano)", "Franco Venditti (senzatetto)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [56804, 37768, 37767, 20414], "youtube_key": "e3FwMvmfWwQ"}