{"tmdb_id": 37786, "title": "Sex and the City 2", "original_title": "Sex and the City 2", "slug_title": "sex-and-the-city-2", "date": "2010-05-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Que passe-t-il apr\u00e8s avoir dit \u00ab Oui \u00bb ? La vie est telle que ces dames l\u2019ont toujours r\u00eav\u00e9e, mais ce ne serait pas \u201cSex and the City\u201d si elle ne leur r\u00e9servait pas quelques surprises\u2026 cette fois, sous la forme d\u2019une aventure glamour, baign\u00e9e de soleil, les entra\u00eenant loin de New York dans l\u2019un des endroits les plus luxuriants, exotiques et vivifiants de la plan\u00e8te ; l\u00e0 o\u00f9 les f\u00eates ne s'arr\u00eatent jamais et o\u00f9 le myst\u00e8re est omnipr\u00e9sent. C\u2019est une escapade qui arrive \u00e0 point nomm\u00e9 pour les quatre amies, qui se retrouvent dans \u2013 et s\u2019insurgent contre \u2013 leur r\u00f4les traditionnels d\u2019\u00e9pouse et de m\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pU8sKmxS5NorwjQc4OzW0zsoggA.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Jessica Parker (Carrie Bradshaw)", "Kristin Davis (Charlotte York)", "Cynthia Nixon (Miranda Hobbes)", "Kim Cattrall (Samantha Jones)", "Chris Noth (Mr. Big)", "David Eigenberg (Steve Brady)", "Evan Handler (Harry Goldenblatt)", "Alexandra Fong (Lily York Goldenblatt)", "Parker Fong (Lily York Goldenblatt)", "Mario Cantone (Anthony Marantino)", "Willie Garson (Stanford Blatch)", "Noah Mills (Nicky)", "Liza Minnelli (Herself)", "Billy Stritch (Band Leader)", "Alice Eve (Erin)", "Jason Lewis (Jerry 'Smith' Jerrod)", "Max Ryan (Rikard Spirit)", "Lynn Cohen (Magda)", "Amira Mor ()", "Dhaffer L'Abidine (Mahmud)", "John Corbett (Aidan Shaw)", "Raya Meddine (Annesha)", "Jennifer Ferrin (Patience)", "Tet Wada (VIP Party Patron)", "Tim Gunn (Himself)", "Pen\u00e9lope Cruz (Carmen Garc\u00eda Carri\u00f3n)", "Miley Cyrus (Herself)", "Omid Djalili (Mr. Safir, Hotel Manager)", "Tuesday Knight (Herself)", "Norm Lewis (Reginald)", "Megan Boone (Allie)", "Neal Bledsoe (Kevin)", "Richie Nuzzolese (Featured Guy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "f course we've been anticipating this movie. From the success of the HBO series to the success of the first movie, we can't help but expect more from this movie. It was a big mistake. There should be no expectations. \r\n\r\n\r\nThe movie all in all was okay. Just okay. It was 2 and a half hours. The clothes were awesome of course. But then sometimes I can't help but think, it's too awesome for the place you're in to be wearing it. My favorite part was the wedding. It was fun and so gay which was awesome. The plane and the hotel was amazing. There were several \"WOWs\" in the theater and I'm sure we're all thinking of the same thing: \"I wish I have a friend like Samantha\" or \"I wish I can also do that for free\". But then after a while, you can't help but  think: this is too much for this movie. It's like not sex and the city anymore. I mean they're not having sex (or they can't because they're in Abu Dabi) and they're not even in the city. The title should've been \"Sex and the City goes to Abu Dabi\" or \"Carrie and the Girls Goes to Middle East\". It doesn't make sense anymore. \r\n\r\n\r\nBut I don't really mind watching it again. The clothes, the purses and especially the shoes are the only things that I love looking at in this movie."}], "recommandations_id": [4564, 20048, 9801, 7303], "youtube_key": "Djz0q-GeboM"}