{"tmdb_id": 378191, "title": "The Breaking of the Drought", "original_title": "The Breaking of the Drought", "slug_title": "the-breaking-of-the-drought", "date": "1920-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Wallaby Station in the outback is devastated by drought. The sheep are starving, but Jo Galloway (Charles Beetham) and his wife (Nan Taylor) battle on. Their son Gilbert (Rawdon Blandford) falls in with the wrong crowd while studying medicine in Sydney: conman Varsy Lyddleton (John Faulkner) and the seductress Olive Lorette (Marie La Varre). Gilbert forges his mother\u2019s cheques to pay for Olive\u2019s favours, ruining the family. A bank takes \u2018friendly possession\u2019 of Wallaby Station. Gilbert\u2019s sister Marjorie (Trilby Clark) keeps her brother out of jail, but he becomes a tramp, after Lyddleton murders Olive and kills himself. Marjorie\u2019s suitor Tom Wattleby (Dunstan Webb) saves Gilbert from a bushfire, just as the drought breaks, restoring the family\u2019s fortunes. Marjorie and Tom can now wed, as the sheep and cattle fatten on rich pasture.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u8HoVif2pwNVtSJRAkwAjClYAR1.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Beetham (Jo Galloway)", "Nan Taylor (Mrs. Galloway)", "Rawdon Blandford (Gilbert Galloway)", "Trilby Clark (Marjorie Galloway)", "Dunstan Webb (Tom Wattleby)", "John Faulkner (Varsy Lyddleton)", "Ethel Henry (Molly Henderson)", "Marie La Varre (Olive Lorette)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}