{"tmdb_id": 378200, "title": "The Perfect Match", "original_title": "The Perfect Match", "slug_title": "the-perfect-match", "date": "2016-03-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Un riche coureur de femmes rencontre la femme de sa vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iAfySdR9cVmmSv78JbpiAl5iz9s.jpg", "actors": ["Terrence Jenkins (Charlie)", "Paula Patton (Sherry)", "Kali Hawk (Karen)", "Lauren London (Ginger)", "Brandy Norwood (Avatia)", "Cassie Ventura (Eva)", "Donald Faison (Rick)", "Robert Christopher Riley (Victor)", "Layla Jama (Dana)", "Dascha Polanco (Pressie)", "Casper Smart (Abram)", "French Montana (French Montana)", "Joe Pantoliano (Marty)", "Steven Daniel Brun (Kareem)", "Timothy DeLaGhetto (Timothy DeLaGhetto)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The generically-titled **The Perfect Match** boasts a few good aspects to its otherwise conventional rom-com boundaries: a polished and attractive cast, an occasional impish serving of whimsy and the go-for-broke enthusiasm for its off-kilter sense of bouncy romanticism. Still, this is not quite enough to uplift the breezily bland **The Perfect Match** from its rudimentary roots of elusive true love and laughs. Convincingly formulaic and transparent, this disjointed romantic comedy screams of late night viewings on the BET Channel sandwiched between hair product info commercials.\r\n\r\n**The Perfect Match** has its share of hipness and style but it never rises above the standards antics of other urban rom-com romps from the past such as 1997's **Love Jones** or 1999's **The Best Man**. Director Bille Woodruff and screenwriters Brandon Broussard, Dana Verde and Gary Hardwick want to pour on the spicy exploits of a good-looking, bed-hopping playboy impervious to long-term relationships but they never seem to elevate **The Perfect Match** beyond its common manufactured made-for-TV mode. This is familiar territory that has been covered countless times but **The Perfect Match**adds nothing fresh or frothy to this relentlessly tiring premise. \r\n\r\nHandsome hotshot photographer Charlie (Terrence Jenkins) is all aces with the numerous ladies that he attracts to the bedroom but he is the \"love 'em then leave 'em\" lothario that is chronically allergic to committing to one special woman. Soon, one vivacious woman in Eva (Cassie Ventura) would gradually change the womanizing Charlie's roaming eye outlook.\r\n\r\nCharlie is surrounded by a group of friends that unfortunately have their own problematic relationships. Married couple Rick and Pressie (Donald Faison and Dascha Polanco) are struggling to start a family while engaged couple Victor and Ginger (Robert Christopher Riley and Lauren London) are clashing over excessive wedding costs. Whatever the conflicts are that overwhelm the group they are at least committed to one another unlike poor Charlie that cannot just pull the trigger and give a single woman his undivided attention. \r\n\r\nActually, Charlie's family and friends have all been supportive in trying to settle him down by recommending a parade of women for him to consider seriously but it is always a disappointment in the end result. When the free-spirited Eva comes along and exemplifies the same kind of philosophy in keeping the opposite sex at an arm's length distance in terms of genuine relations he becomes intrigued by his female counterpart's similar convictions. However, Charlie develops steady feelings for Eva as she may be the very one companion that can convince him to concentrate on one woman and invest some quality time. The question remains: will Eva be receptive to abandoning her \"friends with benefits\" lifestyle for Charlie's experimental foray into stable relationships? \r\n \r\nIn selective sequences **The Perfect Match** can be refreshingly charming especially when the trio of buddies in Charlie, Rick and Victor get together and reminisce about how their lives have changed and been impacted by the women they have encountered both currently and in the past. Nevertheless, Woodruff sheepishly patches together the predictable subplots of Charlie and his close knit associates with a series of random scenes showcasing the push-and-shove issues with their unresolved bickering and stagnation but the dilemmas never really seem to be flushed out coherently. \r\n\r\nThere is a lackluster sense of urgency with all the arguing among the supporting couple as Charlie's realization to change his affectionate ways with the stimulating Eva is telegraphed from miles away.   \r\n\r\nIn a clumsy effort to personalize Charlie's trepidation with solid one-woman bonding we are introduced to his therapist sister Sherry (Paula Patton) in a round-about way for which we can bridge some psychological understanding and connection to our main protagonist's commitment phobia. Unfortunately, the shoddy material is too paper-thinned conceptually to delve into our affable loverboy's chronic female fraternizing. \r\n\r\nSure, **The Perfect Match** can be witty and free-wheeling at times but for the most part it follows a lazy-minded path of sketchy chuckles and easy-minded romantic resolutions.   \r\n\r\n\r\n   \r\n**The Perfect Match** (2016)\r\n\r\nJorva Entertainment Productions\r\n\r\n1 hr. 36 mins.\r\n\r\nStarring: Terrence Jenkins, Cassie Ventura, Donald Faison, Paula Patton, Robert Christopher Riley, Dascha Polanco, Lauren London, Kali Hawk\r\n\r\nDirected by: Bille Woodruff\r\n\r\nMPAA Rating: R\r\n\r\nGenre: Romantic Comedy\r\n\r\nCritic's rating: ** stars (out of 4 stars)\r\n\r\n(c) Frank Ochieng \r\n\r\n  \r\n\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [175528, 334893, 19803, 40505]}