{"tmdb_id": 37835, "title": "The exterminator - Le droit de tuer", "original_title": "The Exterminator", "slug_title": "the-exterminator-le-droit-de-tuer", "date": "1980-09-10", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "V\u00e9t\u00e9ran de la guerre du Vietnam, John Eastland est un homme paisible. Jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 des voyous blessent gri\u00e8vement son meilleur ami et fr\u00e8re d'armes. La police \u00e9tant incapable de les arr\u00eater, il les abat un \u00e0 un. Poursuivant sa croisade sanglante, le justicier vide New York de ses gangsters, maniaques sexuels et dealers qui y prolif\u00e8rent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A0xIUPSH11W0LjlJU1Xk12z210q.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Ginty (John Eastland)", "Christopher George (Detective James Dalton)", "Samantha Eggar (Dr. Megan Stewart)", "Steve James (Michael Jefferson)", "Tony DiBenedetto (Chicken Pimp)", "Dick Boccelli (Gino Pontivini)", "Patrick Farrelly (CIA Agent Shaw)", "Michele Harrell (Maria Jefferson)", "David Lipman (The State Senator from New Jersey)", "Tom Everett (Hotel Clerk)", "Ned Eisenberg (Marty)", "Irwin Keyes (Bobby)", "Cindy Wilks (Candy)", "Dennis Boutsikaris (Frankie)", "Mark Buntzman (Burping Ghoul)", "Tony Munafo (Pontivini's Bodyguard)", "Judy Licht (Herself)", "George Cheung (Viet Cong Commander)", "Roger Grimsby (Himself)", "Stan Getz (Himself)", "Louis Edmonds (CIA Chief)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Extra (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Exterminate, Exterminate! \r\n\r\nHow wonderfully tacky and exploitive, The Exterminator rides in on the coat tails of films like Death Wish and has a bloody good time doing so. Plot sees Vietnam veteran John Eastland (Robert Ginty) embark on a crusade of vigilantism when his best buddy is left paralysed by scumbags.\r\n\r\nPic is relentlessly bleak, as Eastland goes about his business, offing serious low-life's in a number of gruesome ways, director and writer James Glickenhaus revels in saying that all around us is a rotten apple. Of course vigilantism is wrong, but Glickenhaus makes it virtually impossible to not be on The Exterminator's side, such is the vile stench that circles the seamy underbelly of the city.\r\n\r\nTrying to stop The Exterminator is world weary Detective James Dalton (Christopher George), well when he is not having sex with Samantha Eggar in the local hospital that is! He's a great character is Dalton, stoic and scuzzy, a throwback to the halcyon days of film noir gumshoes. And of course, he will be tinted with a conflict of interest.\r\n\r\nThe pace sometimes plods, but this is off set by the action that is guaranteed to arrive in the next passage of play, and the kills, graphic for the time, are not without grotesque ingenuity. Eggar is pretty much a token offering and really serves no purpose other than to give Jimmy some sugar, while some of the editing and photography leaves quite a bit to be desired.\r\n\r\nCheap independent problems be damned though! The Exterminator is in your face, it shows it all and doesn't cut corners or soft soap its theme. It be a splendid slice of Grindhouse Grue for those with a kink for such glorious excess. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24274, 39916, 26558, 29343], "youtube_key": "92YNeYwYuQI"}