{"tmdb_id": 378695, "title": "24 Semaines", "original_title": "24 Wochen", "slug_title": "24-semaines", "date": "2016-09-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Astrid, une danseuse de cabaret enceinte de 6 mois, apprend que son b\u00e9b\u00e9 est handicap\u00e9. Soutenue par son mari Markus, la jeune femme doit prendre une d\u00e9cision mais a tr\u00e8s peu de temps pour le faire. Perdue, boulevers\u00e9e, Astrid n'est plus cabable de rien faire avant de prendre sa d\u00e9cision.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nKzmeKmZWIoSPbwxocStemcTgwL.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Jentsch (Astrid)", "Bjarne M\u00e4del (Markus)", "Johanna Gastdorf (Beate)", "Emilia Pieske (Nele)", "Maria Dragus (Kati)", "Mila Bruk (Svea)", "Sabine Wolf (Katja)", "Karina Plachetka (Isa)", "Barbara Focke (Inge)", "Julia Golembiowski (Krankenschwester)", "Felicity Grist (Pauls Freundin)", "Florian Kleine (Fahrer)", "Christian M\u00fcller (Polizist)", "Martin Reik (Paul)", "Wolfgang Zarnack (junger Mann)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It's a matter of birth and death.**\r\n\r\nA simple film and its sensitive theme. German films usually impresses me and this is another under-noticed film, needs some uplift. Not like a must see, but totally worth it. While I was watching it, I thought the film's characters turned a simple thing as a too complicate event. But yes, it's not that simple when it's related to pregnancy. Of course, it's different from faith to faith, between believers and non-believers. Then my mind went to the very ancient age. How all the animals shared the earth equally. But humans, a very unique from all, not the same as of now.\r\n\r\nToday, every day the technologies upgraded to an even better level. So why do we obsessed with that! To make life easier? Yes. Then there's always something that stops us benefiting from them. It lies within us, none other than 'emotions'! Why I'm saying all this! There's a reason that this film's main purpose to highlight how humans act while there's a technology to thwart errors in its initial stage itself. But we're mentally struggling, since life and death or the purpose of the living being was not yet explained by the science.\r\n\r\nI'm not a person of god. I don't believe in souls. I do believe only in consciousness. In my world, it replaces the word soul. But from all, there's a big difference between pain with conscious and pain without consciousness. A baby born with an empty hard disk. Then it adds all the memories to it when he experiences the things using his five senses. That's the complicated one. The opposite to it is the abortion. That's what this film is about.\r\n\r\nI might have went a too far from the film, but happy to add some details. If you watch this film, definitely you would choose a side and back it till the climax. So one of the sections of people would get disappointed with the result of the story. In that case, I was neither. The film was not a thriller, though I felt edgy during the last few minutes. I did not know which way it's heading. Prepared for any unexpected twist. Then it came to an end, and I did not think whether it was any good or bad, except satisfied with the truth, the reality, a slice of life as I've seen through this flick.\r\n\r\n> \u275dGreat. One child's disabled, the other's a fascist.\u275e\r\n\r\nA well designed story and the characters. It revolved around a celebrity. That was a perfect start. Adding a big star, who goes through a difficult time. She's at 24 weeks pregnant with her supportive husband and a young daughter. The life is so smooth, until one day when the couple discovers the baby could be born with a disability. They decide to have it by preparing for it in advance. Then another blow brings a fresh challenge for them as a couple, as a family and with a strong emotions. Now the life's upside down. From there where it all heads are the rest of the story to tell its viewers.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a powerful theme. As I already mentioned, the people split over what the film characters fighting over. Hence it won't receive well in all the quarters. But there's a fact to consider, which this film mostly borrowed from for its ending. I would say a well done film. Filmmakers make films to make money, to make people laugh, to make see the truth and various other reasons. I'm not saying it was an awareness, a message film, but totally a fact based. Like how in the modern world, even compared to a couple of decades ago, they determine things accordingly. But remember this is not the first film to deal with such theme. We've seen similar films, and most of them were a sub-plots.\r\n\r\nOne of the highlights of the story was, it was not about a single person. It is about a small family, and how each one reacted to what they have found was very accurately portrayed. Since it was a present era based, where thing are different from before generation, the story had some flaws. I mean not a bad writings or something, but the relationship between each others. Once again, what I meant was the woman empowerment. Directed by a woman filmmaker, told the story from a woman's perspective, I felt this was what lack in the real society as well, particularly in the developing countries and/or religiously obsessed ones.\r\n\r\nI liked everyone in the film. The pace was good. Overall an engaging storyline with a fine runtime. You could watch it for many reasons, or maybe none, but not a bad film to ignore. I don't think so they should have improved it a little more. In my eyes, it was a perfect little flick. One of the rare for sure. That does not mean I've rated it out of out. But who knows, what I'm saying could be overwhelming personal opinion, that once watched it you might realise that.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [436340], "youtube_key": "FotoMsSvr8g"}