{"tmdb_id": 37861, "title": "Le Guerrier silencieux, Valhalla Rising", "original_title": "Valhalla Rising", "slug_title": "le-guerrier-silencieux-valhalla-rising", "date": "2009-09-04", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Action / Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Pendant des ann\u00e9es, One-Eye, un guerrier muet et sauvage, a \u00e9t\u00e9 le prisonnier de Barde, un redoutable chef de clan. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'aide d'un enfant, Are, il parvient \u00e0 tuer son ge\u00f4lier et ensemble ils s'\u00e9chappent, s'embarquant pour un voyage au coeur des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres. Au cours de leur fuite, ils montent \u00e0 bord d'un bateau viking, mais le navire, pendant la travers\u00e9e, se retrouve perdu dans un brouillard sans fin, qui ne va se dissiper que pour r\u00e9v\u00e9ler une terre inconnue. Alors que ce nouveau territoire d\u00e9voile ses secrets, les Vikings affrontent un ennemi invisible et terrifiant, et One-Eye va d\u00e9couvrir ses v\u00e9ritables origines...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gOZbRtcLCgDARcIkc6Zv2P1UDti.jpg", "actors": ["Mads Mikkelsen (One-Eye)", "Gary Lewis (Kare)", "Jamie Sives (Gorm)", "Ewan Stewart (Eirik)", "Alexander Morton (Barde)", "Callum Mitchell (Pagan Viking Guard)", "Andrew Flanagan (Duggal)", "Douglas Russell (Olaf)", "Maarten Stevenson (Are / The Boy)", "Gordon Brown (Hagen)", "Gary McCormack (Hauk)", "Robert Harrison (Roger)", "Mathew Zajac (Malkolm)", "Stewart Porter (Kenneth)", "James Ramsey (Gudmund)", "Rony Bridges (Magnus)", "P.B. McBeath (Man with pike)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It never manages to rise above its one trick.\r\n\r\nNicolas Winding Refn directs and Mads Mikkelsen stars in this ponderous exercise in arty veneers. Refn boldly strips back the dialogue and plot to reveal a picture big on ideas but poor in execution. As the story plods along, stopping only briefly for some guttural violence now and then, it becomes evident that the makers have made a painfully boring movie. At first the drained out colour photography looks like a masterstroke of ethereal atmospherics, but this also wears off and only compounds the overall feeling of monotony that pervades the pic.\r\n\r\nHugely disappointing venture from a director capable of so much more. 3/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Twilight of the grim, grey\u2026 um\u2026\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2009 and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn, \"Valhalla Rising\u201d takes place in the 11th century where a one-eyed mute thrall (Mads Mikkelsen) obtains his freedom in the Scottish Highlands and joins a band of Viking Christians on a voyage to the Holy Land to fight in the Crusades, but the expedition doesn\u2019t go as planned.  \r\n\r\nThe movie definitely LOOKS and SOUNDS awesome with an ambient score reminiscent of Agalloch, but without the heavy riffing or manic drumming. It\u2019s an artsy non-blockbuster with a tone akin to \"Aguirre, The Wrath of God\" (1972) and \"Black Robe\" (1991). \u201cApocalypto\u201d (2006) is a good modern comparison, although the story isn't as compelling as \u201cBlack Robe\u201d or \u201cApocalypto.\u201d It has elements of \u201cApocalypse Now\u201d (1979) but the thin story just isn\u2019t anywhere near as fascinating. Still, it\u2019s okay.    \r\n\r\nThere are some weak points, like the Viking chief saying \"It's a river\" when this would've been obvious about an hour earlier when the mist first cleared (aduh). I'm sure the director would chalk it up to artistic license. Another issue is that the film is slow with not enough events to justify its runtime. As such, we get needlessly drawn-out scenes like the discovery of fresh water (which was obvious from the get-go of the sequence). The whole episode could\u2019ve been done in a third of the time given.\r\n                   \r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 33 minutes and was shot in Scotland. WRITERS: Refn, Roy Jacobsen and Matthew Read. \r\n \r\nGRADE: B\r\n\r\nINTERPRETATION ***SPOILER ALERT*** (Don\u2019t read further unless you\u2019ve seen the movie).\r\n\r\nThe silent One-Eye is the incarnation of Odin. He is invincible and holds the power to see the future. He disdains the Christian Vikings who\u2019ve usurped his influence over his people. He tests many in battle to see if they\u2019re worthy, but finds none. Nevertheless, he sullenly sees his people off to their new (holy) land, America, where Scandinavians were the third most numerous immigrants. The Boy is a type of Thor, his son, who will sort of replace him in America once the grim god ironically sacrifices himself \u00e0 la Jesus Christ."}], "recommandations_id": [2061, 18533, 77987, 11328], "youtube_key": "Ex1hX1Cimok"}