{"tmdb_id": 378932, "title": "Antboy\u00a0: Le combat final", "original_title": "Antboy 3", "slug_title": "antboy-le-combat-final", "date": "2016-02-11", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Familial", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "C\u2019est l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 Middellund et Pelle profite de ses vacances aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de sa petite amie, Ida. Alors que la ville semble ne plus avoir besoin de ses services, un nouveau super-h\u00e9ros fait son apparition et G\u00e6melkr\u00e5 est de retour chez ExoFarm... Pelle n\u2019a plus d\u2019autre choix que de rev\u00eatir son costume d\u2019Antboy pour se pr\u00e9parer \u00e0 ce qui sera sans doute son dernier combat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3RfQzQR7TFMD5PuQpPIy5LyZzQa.jpg", "actors": ["Oscar Dietz (Pelle N\u00f8hrmann / Antboy)", "Samuel Ting Graf (Wilhelm)", "Amalie Kruse Jensen (Ida)", "Nicolas Bro (G\u00e6melkr\u00e5 / Loppen)", "Paprika Steen (Alicia Dufort)", "Astrid Juncher-Benzon ()", "Cecilie Alstrup Tarp ()", "L\u00e6rke Winther Andersen ()", "Frank Thiel ()", "Adam Ild Rohweder ()", "Morten Rose ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The Sidekick's way to the superheroes league.**\r\n\r\nThe third film in the 'Antboy' series and probably the last one. If that's true, then it'll be a decent trilogy in the category of children's superhero film. When I saw the first film, I did not think it would come this far. All these three films were decent. The first one was okay. Following, the second film looked much better, but still an average. And now this, surely the worst among three. Watchable, though not any good.\r\n\r\nThe basic plot itself failed. There's no story, just an evil corporation against the Antboy and other superheroes. The best thing about the film was the intro of the Sidekick. At first, it was so suspenseful, yet you can predict that, but once it is revealed at some point, the film loses its charm. What the remaining part is to cover puts the film a back foot to below average. So it is easily the screenplay that failed to deliver.\r\n\r\nThe story continued from the previous part. Albert is also known as The Flea was released from the prison for the good behaviour. But the people of Middleland do not trust him, and so the Antboy. While all the eyes on him, the CEO of Exofarm plans to takeover the city with the company's invention, the Exoskeleton. On the other side of the tale, a new unnamed superhero making some news in the town. Who joins whom and fight against, all the unpuzzling part comes in the final of the third act.\r\n\r\n> \u275dTo be a hero does not mean not having weaknesses. But overcoming them to help others.\u275e\r\n\r\nAs usual, I was not looking forward to it. Because I did not think there will be another sequel. But after seeing this, I felt it was unnecessary. They say it was based on the Danish children's book, but I don't know whether it was just the characters that borrowed or the whole story. This kind of storyline might suit for the book, but not for the film. Because of too simpleness. This same film in Hollywood would be considered a television film probably rated PG for the summer telecast.\r\n\r\nIf you have seen the serious superhero films from DC, Marvels, Sony et cetera, this would seem very silly. But the target audience is the kids aged below 9-10. So even if you watch it, you can't just blame it for not providing you the entertainment you were looking. But you can share your experience, that's what I wanted to do in here. Still, I pointed out a few other things, even if the youngsters reading it, should know them.\r\n\r\nIt reminded me the gap between the two films of 'Kick-Ass'. It was just a couple of years, but the young cast grew up. Yeah, in this you can say they're in their teenage, which makes it the final chapter in the 'Antboy'. But that does not how it ends. It was an open end, without any clue about the future of the franchise. Who knows, they might surprise us with another installment.\r\n\r\nThe actors/kids performed well. Decent filmmaking as well. Only if the story was much better, the film would have triumphed. Especially for a superhero film, the stunt sequences were too ordinary and too short, as well as too late to come into the party. All these stuffs would come only in the adult's mind, but I think the little kids would just enjoy it. So they should be watching it, not us.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [314285, 198436, 242167, 51485]}