{"tmdb_id": 37901, "title": "The Crater Lake Monster", "original_title": "The Crater Lake Monster", "slug_title": "the-crater-lake-monster", "date": "1977-03-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "The heat of a meteor crashing into the lake incubates a prehistoric egg, which grows into a plesiosaur-like monster that terrifies the community.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/miZSqkIekmMzWk951HeK65d0cRb.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Cardella (Sheriff Steve Hanson)", "Glen Roberts (Arnie Chabot)", "Mark Siegel (Mitch Kowalski)", "Bob Hyman (Richard 'Doc' Calkins)", "Richard Garrison (Dan Turner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1977 and written & directed by William R. Stromberg, \u201cThe Crater Lake Monster\u201d details events in the high country of central California after a meteor strikes the eponymous (fictitious) lake and incubates a prehistoric egg, which hatches a plesiosaur-like creature that terrorizes the locals. \r\n\r\nDespite the title, the story does not take place in Crater Lake, Oregon, and the filmmakers don\u2019t hide this fact in light of (1.) the California plates of the vehicles and (2.) the lake is clearly snake-like in shape and not round like Crater Lake in Oregon. Speaking of the lake they used for establishing shots, it\u2019s located roughly 425 miles southeast of Crater Lake in central California.\r\n\r\nThe movie is akin to modern Syfy flicks, but shot on a low-budget in the mid-70s. It lacks the production quality of 70\u2019s creature features like \u201cJaws\u201d (1975) and \u201cProphecy\u201d (1979), but isn\u2019t even up to the production level of TV flicks like \u201cSnowbeast\u201d (1977) and \u201cKingdom of the Spiders\u201d (1977). The second-rate acting of the principles in particular distinguishes \u201cThe Crater Lake Monster\u201d from these movies. But the Ray Harryhausen-like stop-motion effects are effective, although whenever the creature is shown emerging from the lake the contrast between the two (the monster and the lake) looks decidedly fake.\r\n\r\nKacey Cobb shines on the female front and looks great in tight jeans, but her role is too small. There\u2019s some goofy slapstick provided by Arnie and Mitch, which is only a notch or so above the antics of Skipper and Gilligan. Other than that, the tone is serious and there are some highlights, like the excellent locations, the 70\u2019s atmosphere (styles/d\u00e9cor/etc.) and the surprisingly moving close. I should add that I never perceived the plesiosaur as a particularly scary or formidable dinosaur, but this flick gave me a different perspective.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 25 minutes and was shot in Huntington Lake and Palomar Mountain, California. ADDITIONAL WRITER: Richard Cardella.            \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [200673, 92779, 69272, 71042], "youtube_key": "2ovG9kI4zfk"}