{"tmdb_id": 379508, "title": "Throbs at the Desk", "original_title": "\u03a7\u03c4\u03c5\u03c0\u03bf\u03ba\u03ac\u03c1\u03b4\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u0398\u03c1\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03bf", "slug_title": "throbs-at-the-desk", "date": "1963-11-11", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Lisa is a student, pretending the sick not to go to school. Her parents are worried about her health and call the doctor to examine her. He realizes her lies but he covers her. Soon, they fall in love and eventually get married. However, after the honeymoon she begins to yearn school and her classmates and she returns to it without saying anything to her husband. Soon, her husband begins to suspect her because of her frequent absences from home and her secret meetings with the professor seem to confirm his suspicions.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ofOpdX3FCNFO7gLdbMEAhH5EUJJ.jpg", "actors": ["Aliki Vougiouklaki (Liza Petrovasili)", "Dimitris Papamichael (Prof. Dimitris Papadopoulos)", "Dionysis Papagiannopoulos (Mr. Nikiteas)", "Labros Konstadaras (Leonidas Petrovasilis)", "Joly Garbi (Tasia)", "Thodoros Moridis (Mr. Oikonomidis)", "Kaiti Lambropoulou (Kaiti Nikolaou)", "Despoina Nikolaidou (Roula Gravani)", "Ketty Panou (Eleni Petrovasili)", "Giorgos Konstadinou (Giannis Lavdas)", "Dimitris Nikolaidis (Mr. Gkikas)", "Maria Bonelou (Mrs. Papadopoulou)", "Betty Dakopoulou (Nika)", "Klearhos Karagiorgis (Kostas Nikolaou)", "Giorgos Velentzas (teacher)", "Vagelis Sakainas (kyr-Andreas)", "Thodoros Exarhos (gym teacher)", "Alekos Kouris (waiter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [410490, 375539, 301496, 301490], "youtube_key": "notfound"}