{"tmdb_id": 380225, "title": "Folles de joie", "original_title": "La pazza gioia", "slug_title": "folles-de-joie", "date": "2016-05-17", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Beatrice est une mythomane bavarde au comportement excessif. Donatella est une jeune femme tatou\u00e9e, fragile et introvertie. Ces deux patientes de la Villa Biondi, une institution th\u00e9rapeutique pour femmes sujettes \u00e0 des troubles mentaux, se lient d'amiti\u00e9. Une apr\u00e8s-midi, elles d\u00e9cident de s'enfuir bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9es \u00e0 trouver un peu de bonheur dans cet asile de fous \u00e0 ciel ouvert qu'est le monde des gens \u00ab sains\u00bb.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vmQyKPXSDGvR0xvZsUScmLsVBzA.jpg", "actors": ["Valeria Bruni Tedeschi (Beatrice)", "Micaela Ramazzotti (Donatella)", "Valentina Carnelutti (Dottoressa Fiamma Zappa)", "Anna Galiena (Luciana Brogi coniugata Morelli)", "Tommaso Ragno (Dottor Giorgio Lorenzini)", "Marco Messeri (Floriano Morelli)", "Bob Messini (L'avvocato Pierluigi Aitiani)", "Francesca Della Ragione (Un'ospite di Pierluigi)", "Carlotta Brentan (Giovane moglie)", "Elena Lietti (Annapaola)", "Roberto Rondelli (Renato Corsi)", "Emanuele Barresi (Taxi Driver)", "Giorgio Algranti (Hotel Manager)", "Michele Crestacci (Impiegato Banca)", "Stefano Scherini (Il giovane psichiatra dell'OPG)", "Sergio Albelli (Torrigiani dei Servizi Sociali)", "Luisanna Messeri (Luisanna, la caposala)", "Francesco Lagi (Lo psicologo Francesco)", "Giada Parlanti (Psicologa riabilitatrice)", "Alice Terranova (Infermiera)", "Chiara Arrighi (Infermiera tirocinante)", "Fabrizio Brandi (Giancarlo)", "Maria Grazia Bon (Suora Pia)", "Beatrice Schiros (Moira)", "Marisa Bruni Tedeschi (La signora Morandini Valdirana)", "Marco Conte (Il direttore di banca)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An unplanned crazy ride.**\r\n\r\nFrom the writer, director of 'Human Capital' fame. This is a road adventure that's filled with some fun, thrills and emotions. The story of two women and their unplanned journey to their unfinished businesses. Kind of self-discovery theme, but it gets a little crazy as what the title says. If you know Paolo Virzi and his films, then you know what to expect from it.\r\n\r\nWell, it begins with when a new member Donatella at a mental institution was fooled by Beatrice, who was there for quite a some time. They might have differences, but have some unfinished affairs outside. An unlikely friendship blooms between them and one weekend, the situation favours them to get away. From there where their journey goes and how it all ends comes in the rest of the narration.\r\n\r\nThey both are not ill or the danger as they were institutionalised. Then why is what the film is going to narrate for us. Before that, it was initiated with a simple introduction of them and the situation they are in. It was really a good start, but then between the end of the first act and the beginning of the second was looked decent. Because that part was very familiar. You know, what do the people do when they runaway which were mostly wandering around and enjoying the freedom.\r\n\r\nI thought it was a good film, not as I expected. Then, ever since the second half was on the roll, it got a lot better, in fact I started to love it. From a meaningless ride to something sensible topic, the narration comes to the point, what it was holding back in the earlier. Each woman's life revealed before to when this story had commenced. So the trip comes to an end when they do what's better for them and everybody around them. Kind of sad, though it concludes in a right way.\r\n\r\n> \"A mother's love is all giving, never expecting anything in return.\"\r\n\r\nThe two lead actresses were amazing. Second back to back film for director with Valerina Bruni and she was even better than the previous film. Because the scope of her role was much bigger in this. I don't know I had seen her before, but Micaela Ramazotti was so good, by performance as well as glamorously. There's no way you could part them and say only one of them were good. I loved them both equally. Actually, that's how their characters were developed. The entire film was about them, and they left a mark to remember this film for them.\r\n\r\nIt's a good film, so I don't think it is an Oscar material as the Italian film board had already picked another film for that. But surely it going to win some international awards. If the same film was made in Hollywood, would have considered an average, because this one got the Italian flavour. The film gets crazy, in an Italian style, and in the perspective of the middle aged women. But it can enjoyed by everyone.\r\n\r\nI have been watching a few good Italian films of the year, including this one. So I would definitely recommend it. Nearly two hours long, but the pace gets better while the story developed. Remember this is not the only kind, but one of the best among this theme you had ever seen. Ending the story with high emotional was so good, especially if you like that kind of material. I hope you won't miss it. Meanwhile, I'm so excited for the director who is making his first direct English language film. Looking forward to its release.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [244088, 36940, 137315, 375572], "youtube_key": "nrG6Zk7UV-U"}