{"tmdb_id": 380361, "title": "No Time for Tears", "original_title": "No Time for Tears", "slug_title": "no-time-for-tears", "date": "1957-10-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "2.0/10", "synopsis": "No Time for Tears is a moving, sympathetic portrayal of the challenges faced by all those who enter this most demanding yet rewarding of professions \u2013 from routine operations to more serious conditions, from anxious, sometimes hostile parents to workplace romance. The lives of the staff and patients of Mayfield Children's Hospital are inextricably woven together with the laughter, tears and devotion that lie behind the work of restoring children to health and happiness.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qh4vYafqoMliz8iKHMu268U2GsD.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Neagle (Matron Eleanor Hammond)", "George Baker (Dr. Nigel Barnes)", "Sylvia Syms (Nurse Margaret Collier)", "Anthony Quayle (Dr. Graham Seagrave)", "Flora Robson (Sister Birch)", "Daphne Anderson (Dr. Marian Cornish)", "Sophie Stewart (Sister Willis)", "Patricia Marmont (Sister Davies)", "Rosalie Crutchley (Theater Sister)", "Angela Baddeley (Mrs. Harris)", "Joan Sims (Sister O'Malley)", "Victor Brooks (Mr. Harris)", "Jessica Cairns (Lawrie)", "Adrienne Posta ()", "Cyril Chamberlain ()", "Carla Challoner ()", "Joan Hickson ()", "Michael Hordern ()", "Christopher Witty ()", "Richard O'Sullivan ()", "Christopher Frost ()", "Viola Keats (Mrs. McKenna)", "Marjorie Rhodes ()", "Alan White (Dr. Hugh Storey)", "Lesley Scoble (Uncredited)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}