{"tmdb_id": 380435, "title": "Are You With It?", "original_title": "Are You With It?", "slug_title": "are-you-with-it", "date": "1948-03-19", "genre": ["Musique / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Milton Haskins, a math genius known for his infallibility with numbers, quits his job with an insurance company when he discovers he made a mistake, and hooks up with a traveling carnival. His knowledge of mathematics makes him a natural as an assistant at the wheel of fortune. His fianc\u00e9e begs him to return to his job but he refuses, so she joins the carnival and becomes a striptease artist. When Milton attempts to drag her off the stage, a brawling m\u00eal\u00e9e breaks out and the entire troupe is arrested by the local police. The carnival is sold but Milton reveals that the new owner has conspired to defraud the insurance company. The insurance company has to accept the carnival in lieu of the money owed, and they allow Milton and his fianc\u00e9e, Vivian, to stay with and help run the carnival.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xddsSGh50jWlwpxjw4Dj1bc1FSY.jpg", "actors": ["Donald O'Connor (Milton Haskins)", "Olga San Juan (Vivian Reilly)", "Martha Stewart (Bunny La Fleur)", "Lew Parker (Goldie McGoldrick)", "Walter Catlett (Jason (Pop) Carter)", "Patricia Dane (Sally (as Pat Dane))", "Ransom M. Sherman (Mr. Bixby)", "Louis Da Pron (Bartender)", "Noel Neill (Terry)", "Julie Gibson (Ann)", "George O'Hanlon (Buster)", "Eddie Parks (Herman Bogel)", "Raymond Largay (Mr. Mapleton)", "Jody Gilbert (Mrs. Minerva Henkle)", "Howard Negley (Ed McNaughton)", "Charles Bedell (Barker)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}