{"tmdb_id": 38043, "title": "Shag", "original_title": "Shag", "slug_title": "shag", "date": "1989-07-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "L'\u00e9t\u00e9 1963 fut une p\u00e9riode de transition en Am\u00e9rique. C'\u00e9tait aussi pour quatre adolescentes le moment d'\u00eatre s\u00e9par\u00e9es soit par le mariage, soit par le coll\u00e8ge. Elles d\u00e9cid\u00e8rent de s'offrir une derni\u00e8re vir\u00e9e au bord de la mer, \u00e0 la recherche de l'aventure et de la romance. Elles en garderont un souvenir imp\u00e9rissable\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rc8TGT0hZBDZeG0F1bprgSBXDrm.jpg", "actors": ["Phoebe Cates (Carson)", "Scott Coffey (Chip)", "Bridget Fonda (Melaina)", "Page Hannah (Luanne)", "Tyrone Power Jr. (Harley)", "Jeff Yagher (Jimmy Valentine)", "Paul Lieber (The Manager)", "Donald Craig (Senator Clatterbuck)", "Shirley Anne Field (Mrs. Clatterbuck)", "Carrie Hamilton (Nadine)", "Jay Baker (Big Bob)", "Joe Seely (The Creep)", "Annabeth Gish (Pudge)", "Robert Rusler (Buzz)", "Leilani Sarelle (Suette)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Youths having fun at Myrtle Beach in 1963\r\n\t\r\nRELEASED IN 1989 and directed by Zelda Barron, \"Shag\u201d is a teen drama about four girls freshly graduated from high school taking a vacation weekend at Myrtle Beach in 1963. There\u2019s the senator\u2019s daughter, Luanne (Page Hannah); the engaged or encaged Carson (Phoebe Cates); the wannabe Hollywood starlet Malaina (Bridget Fonda); and the thinks-she\u2019s-still-fat-but-she\u2019s-not Pudge (Annabeth Gish).\r\n\r\nThe movie plays like a melding of \u201cAmerican Graffiti\u201d (1973), \u201cDirty Dancing\u201d (1987) and \u201cMystic Pizza\u201d (1988). It\u2019s far superior to the overrated \u201cAmerican Graffiti\u201d and lacks the idiot subplot of \u201cDirty Dancing\u201d (see my reviews of both for details). \r\n\r\nThe script thrusts the four girls into the weekend festivities at Myrtle Beach as quickly as possible wherein the story splits into several vignettes that intertwine. The weekend highpoints include: A beauty contest on the beach, a wild house party at the senator\u2019s vacation home (unbeknownst to him, of course) and a shag dance contest. Thematically, the flick tries to advocate the wise middle ground between life-stifling legalism and foolish libertinism.     \r\n\r\nSome have called this a \u201cchick flick\u201d and I can see why since the focus is on the four girls, but there\u2019s just as much here for dudes to relate. For instance, there are several voluptuous cuties on display, both in the main cast and in the periphery. Kudos to the director for his excellent eye for women. Bridget Fonda is particularly showcased in all her glory with her white bikini scenes being a highlight. She was 23 when the film was shot in 1987. There are also several prominent guys in the cast: Harley (Tyrone Power Jr.), Buzz (Robert Rusler), Chip (Scott Coffey), Jimmy Valentine (Jeff Yagher) and, to a lesser extent, the manager (Paul Lieber) and Big Bob (Jay Baker).\r\n\r\nLastly, the movie features a great period soundtrack with excellent cuts like \u201cStay\u201d by The Voltage Brothers, performed (lip-synced) at The Pavilion.           \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 38 minutes and was shot entirely in South Carolina (Georgetown, Myrtle Beach & Florence). WRITERS: Lanier Laney, Terry Sweeney & Robin Swicord.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [38981, 32058, 104301, 84278], "youtube_key": "uhhnum5rzZE"}