{"tmdb_id": 380555, "title": "Oil and Water", "original_title": "Langis at Tubig", "slug_title": "oil-and-water", "date": "1980-12-25", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Bobby is secretly in love with his neighbour and friend Cory who is living-in with her partner Charlie. However, Cory decides to leave Charlie upon discovering his deepest secret that he is a married man. This gives Bobby the chance to show his true feelings for Cory and marries her even adopting the child Charlie has left in her womb. Bobby lives the life of a perfect husband with Cory and accepts a job assignment in Albay shuttling to and from Manila to support his new family. In the province, he meets Pilar, lovely town girl. His friendship with Pilar blossoms and they find themselves falling for each other, with Bobby concealing his real marital status. Soon the two learn that she is pregnant and the family forces them into marriage. Consequently, the women discover that Bobby is living a lie and is married to two women. He is forced to make a crucial decision, which of his marriages must be honour? Or will he faced the prospect of getting charged with bigamy?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xZV4L4u2jlsqx8JtlZRHpky788O.jpg", "actors": ["Vilma Santos (Cory)", "Dindo Fernando (Pilar)", "Amy Austria (Pilar)", "Ronaldo Valdez (Charlie)", "George Estregan (Pocholo)", "Vic Silayan (The Judge)", "Ruben Rustia (The Father)", "Martha Sevilla (Sister in Law)", "Johnny Vicar (Eldest Brother)", "Greg Lozano (Other Brother)", "Adul de Leon (Aunt)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}