{"tmdb_id": 380681, "title": "The Tail Job", "original_title": "The Tail Job", "slug_title": "the-tail-job", "date": "2017-07-15", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yDRDYCnR4cZSLSVEHT7lx0GJrD.jpg", "actors": ["Craig Anderson ()", "Blair Dwyer ()", "Laura Hughes ()", "Kellie Clarke ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Who is this Sio Bohan!**\r\n\r\nThis is why I keep my eye on the Aussie films. It came a couple of years ago, but till now I did not get a chance to watch it. One of the best B movies I have seen. Totally under-noticed. A simple story, that's a 24 hour event, roaming around the city in a taxi. I mean tailing a girl as the title says. A perfect situation for a perfect comedy, thoroughly enjoyable film.\r\n\r\nI was this close to ignore it. Seeing its poster, anybody would make such decision. But I often take chances on such small films, and with a right time I just finished watching it. Then surprised by how wonderful it was. I just thought if it was a Hollywood film with stars like Kevin Hart in it, the fate of the film would have been different. So if you are reading this, simply put it into your watch list. I'm not expecting you all to love it, but surely most of you end up liking it.\r\n\r\nThe film opened with some gangsters business, a killing business. Soon the narration turned to a man who decided to tail his fiancee thinking she might be having an affair. Fortunately, he teams up with a taxi driver who is willing to help him, but of course it costs lots of money. Once their tailing job went wrong, everything changes, leading to them to no go zone and also chased by a psycho driver.\r\n\r\n> -xX] Do you have any idea of the shit storm you've just brought to your front door? [Xx-\r\n\r\nThe worst night of their lives, the two with a never give up attitude, they go certain length to accomplish the mission they have taken. Among all, I felt sorry for the character Stacey. All along I knew what would be the result of this story, but possibly a twist could have changed it, but did not. So Stacey was a good addition to spice up the story. Like her, many small roles had some nice impact on the narration. Started off well and ended on a high.\r\n\r\nIt all revolved around the name Sio Bohan. You might think it is a made up name with a misunderstanding, but the film defined differently as the story progressing. It was like the short animation 'The Chubbchubbs', too much hyped and then lived up to that par. Of course it all seems intentionally done, but a well done job by the writers to create those perfect circumstances, particularly being funny.\r\n\r\nSo much fun. Of course, cinematically it all possible, but the thing is the film opened by telling us it was inspired by a real event. I think what they meant is it was based on every suspicious boyfriends, grooms, husbands. Most of the events improvised for the film to get a better outcome. Yes, the filmmaker has done an awesome job. The production was very good also the performances, particularly all the main cast.\r\n\r\nDon't judge the film by it's poster as I almost did. Also, it is a much better film than the average rating you see on the internet. These two lead actors were awesome. It was a great combo, one of the best I've seen in the cinematic world. I hope they would return, possible a sequel to this one. A must watch film, especially by the people in their 20s and 30s.\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [74048]}