{"tmdb_id": 380734, "title": "Forsaken", "original_title": "Forsaken", "slug_title": "forsaken", "date": "2016-02-02", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nVAmamovbFGZtfKxQZxdVf78VO9.jpg", "actors": ["Micheal Catalano (Emily)", "David E. Cazares (Paul)", "Deanna Grace Congo (Dark Emily)", "Tony Gomez (Father Townsend)", "Alex Hinojosa (Vito)", "Johnny R. Llanes (Dr. Edwin)", "Okami Misuteri (Billy)", "Jeff Monroe (Solomon)", "Gregorio Trevino (Young Father Townsend)", "Michele Soza (Elizabeth)", "Nissa Nightmare (Kensie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The title says it all what you should be doing!**\r\n\r\nI don't know why I'm writing this review. Usually I avoid watching this kind of films. For the last ten or so years, I've been successful at that, but now it happened with a mistake. I thought it was the one with Don Sutherland in it. I did not realise that I'm in a wrong film until I saw someone who was possessed by a demon doing the yoga poses.\r\n\r\nI'd already started, so decided to finish it off, but that was a bad decision to regret. Knowing it would be a worst film, sit for it through is what real patience a film fanatic need. But surely I won't suggest any of you to do that, because it is totally a waste of time. Instead, you can re-watch any film you thought is very bad before this one.\r\n\r\nFor me, this is like an almost worst film ever, though I've seen even worse than this, so it will be one among them that I disliked badly. Honestly, I laughed better during watching it than those real comedies from the recent time. I know there will be people who find it at least a decent, but definitely majority would find it difficult keep watching, so 10-15 minutes would be a great achievement. Recommended to skip it from the miles.\r\n\r\n_1/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Key-Si", "content": "Justin Price did it again. He created a Horror film so bad, that it almost hurts to watch it and only true survivors will be able to sit through this horrible movie all the way to the end. If you have seen \"The 13th Friday\" you kinda know what will await you in \"Forsaken\". At least in terms of quality. Bad acting, bad writing, bad dialogues but at least one or two nice make up effects. Of course this won't carry an entire movie and so \"Forsaken\" should be avoided at all costs. So far I have only seen this one and Price's follow up \"The 13th Friday\". But for me there is definetely a pattern to spot. As soon as a future (or past) movie has the \"Director: Justin Price\" tag on it, I won't watch it. Lesson learned."}], "recommandations_id": [389832, 353314, 304752, 3217]}