{"tmdb_id": 381034, "title": "I Am Not a Serial Killer", "original_title": "I Am Not a Serial Killer", "slug_title": "i-am-not-a-serial-killer", "date": "2016-08-26", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite bourgade am\u00e9ricaine, un lyc\u00e9en perturb\u00e9 d\u00e9cide de traquer le tueur en s\u00e9rie qui s\u00e9vit dans la r\u00e9gion, un homme qui pourrait bien \u00eatre l\u2019un de ses voisins au comportement \u00e9trange...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pksHh2TvPzc6SxeKksS0PM3JxCp.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Lloyd (Crowley)", "Laura Fraser (April)", "Max Records (John Wayne Cleaver)", "James Gaulke (Principal Layton)", "Tim Russell (Olson the Barber)", "Karl Geary (Dr. Neblin)", "Bruce Bohne (Minister)", "Matt Roy (The Drifter)", "Molly Gearen (Classmate / Partygoer)", "William Todd-Jones (The Monster)", "Ryan J. Gilmer (Angry Mob)", "Morgan Rysso (Brooke's Friend)", "Emmylou Barden (Brooke's Friend)", "Joel Thingvall (Concerned Neighbor)", "Lucy Lawton (Brooke Watson)", "Sally-Anne Hunt (Trick or Treater)", "Noah Odegaard (Student)", "Michael Paul Levin (Roger Bowen (Max's Dad))", "Patricia Enger (Angry Mob)", "Elizabeth Belfiori (Rachel)", "Dee Noah (Kay Crowley)", "Alan Holasek (Angry Mob)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Could A.M.P.A.S. see past the film\u2019s genre roots (horror rarely gets noticed) to award Lloyd, one of Hollywood\u2019s most beloved ageing icons...?\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2016/9/9/i-am-not-a-serial-killer.html"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Knowing everything, but can't do anything about it.**\r\n\r\nThe title sounds like it is a crime-thriller, that's what I was anticipating. But it was very different, especially at each stage when development takes a new facet. Totally unexpected, the character played by Christopher Lloyd. I had some doubt, but my guesses were wrong on the basis of genre. That was the best part of this film with a kind of dark comedy atmosphere.\r\n\r\nBased on the first book in the trilogy of the same name. An Irish- British psychological-thriller. Kind of like a B movie, but much better production quality. It has been weeks that I saw this film, but only now I'm reviewing it, yet it still feels like I saw it yesterday, despite I've seen dozens of films in between. It's going to be just a cult-film, not cult-classic.\r\n\r\nBecause of being a non-Hollywood film, the concept had worked for me. It's about a teenager in a small town who keep witnesses strange disappearance of people. Knowing what's going on, he could not convince others about it. So he had to deal with it all by himself and how the tale ends come with a little twist. A good film, at least it would be for a few people, particularly those who like small scale suspense-thriller.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [291272, 371560, 254194, 296065], "youtube_key": "DNjQoD_o6X8"}