{"tmdb_id": 38103, "title": "La Fille aux papillons", "original_title": "The Clouded Yellow", "slug_title": "la-fille-aux-papillons", "date": "1950-11-21", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir quitt\u00e9 le service secret britannique, David Somers (jou\u00e9 par Trevor Howard) trouve des papillons catalogage de travail \u00e0 la maison de campagne de Nicolas et Jess Fenton. Apr\u00e8s l'assassiner d'un garde-chasse locale, la suspicion (\u00e0 tort) tombe sur leur ni\u00e8ce, Sophie Malraux (Jean Simmons). Somers aide Sophie \u00e0 \u00e9chapper \u00e0 l'arrestation et ils vont sur la course ensemble. Apr\u00e8s une course-poursuite de cross-country, ils arrivent \u00e0 une ville c\u00f4ti\u00e8re avec l'intention de quitter le pays par bateau. Tout est bien qui finit bien apr\u00e8s la v\u00e9ritable identit\u00e9 du meurtrier est r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nXhhFKJ5fB1l74YuGf4ffp7s3fK.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Simmons (Sophie Malraux)", "Trevor Howard (Maj. David Somers)", "Sonia Dresdel (Jess Fenton)", "Barry Jones (Nicholas Fenton)", "Kenneth More (Willy Shepley)", "Geoffrey Keen (Police Inspector)", "Andr\u00e9 Morell (Secret Service Chief Chubb (as Andre Morell))", "Michael Brennan (Police Superintendent)", "Gerard Heinz (Dr. Karl Cesare)", "Lily Kann (Minna Cesare)", "Eric Pohlmann (Taxidermist)", "Richard Wattis (Employment Agent)", "Sandra Dorne (Kyra)", "Maire O'Neill (Nora)", "Maxwell Reed (Hick)", "Marianne Stone (Young Woman at Nora's House (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Love is like a butterfly, as soft and gentle as a sigh.\r\n\r\nThe Clouded Yellow is directed by Ralph Thomas and written by Eric Ambler and Janet Green. It stars Trevor Howard, Jean Simmons, Sonia Dresdel, Barry Jones, Kenneth More and Geoffrey Keen.\r\n\r\nTaut British spy thriller with Hitchcockian flavours, The Clouded Yellow finds David Somers (Howard) as an ex-secret service operative working as a butterfly cataloguer who finds himself neck deep in a murder plot. Set in the North of England, with some good locations to be spotted by the keen of English eye, the story revolves around the murderous goings on at the stately home where Somers now works. With Sophie Mairaux (Simmons) the chief suspect, Somers comes to believe she is innocent and sets about proving so.\r\n\r\nIt follows a reliable formula, where the set-up introduces the main players, the hero in waiting takes it upon himself to use his skills to prove he\u2019s right, which builds to an odd couple on the lam final quarter of film. The strength is in the characterisations, particularly Somers with his past hanging heavy on his mind, and Mairaux and her current predicaments which involve her being surrounded by vile people. Thomas directs assuredly, mixing the drama with humour and affection, and the suspense and mystery elements are maintained up until the dramatic conclusion. Cast are suitably in good tune with the material, with Howard and Simmons making a compelling and complex coupling. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36461, 25407, 195815, 30102], "youtube_key": "dRE126Zikp8"}