{"tmdb_id": 381028, "title": "La tour", "original_title": "Tower", "slug_title": "la-tour", "date": "2016-03-13", "genre": "Animation / Crime / Documentaire", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "La combinaison des images d'archives avec animation Rotoscopic, Tour r\u00e9v\u00e8le les r\u00e9cits in\u00e9dits bourr\u00e9s d'action des t\u00e9moins, les h\u00e9ros et les survivants de la premi\u00e8re \u00e9cole de tir de masse de l'Am\u00e9rique, lorsque le pire dans un homme fait ressortir le meilleur dans tant d'autres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iOiwQLTQe1fwC8ihoCaXBHjGz2J.jpg", "actors": ["Violett Beane (Claire Wilson James)", "Chris Doubek (Allen Crum)", "Blair Jackson (Houston McCoy)", "Louie Arnette (Ramiro \"Ray\" Martinez)", "Josephine McAdam (Rita Starpattern)", "Aldo Ordo\u00f1ez (Aleck Hernandez Jr.)", "Seamus Bolivar-Ochoa (John \"Artly\" Fox)", "Monty Muir (Neal Spelce)", "Cole Bee Wilson (Tom Eckman)", "Vicky Illk (Brenda Bell)", "Anthony Martinez (Lee \"Junior\" Zamora)", "Rebecca Beegle (Comforting Woman)", "Ron Pippin (Phil Miller)", "Timothy Lucas (Kent Kirkley)", "Karen Davidson (Margaret C. Berry)", "Jeremy Brown (Jerry Day)", "Cole Bresnehen (James Love)", "Tyler Mager (Student With Rifle)", "John Fitch (Billy Speed)", "Steve Eckelman (Man in Suit)", "Patrick Floyd (Billy Snowden)", "Kevin Lindsay (John Pipkin)", "Theo Earl Maitland (Baby Boy Wilson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About the first such incident in the US history.**\r\n\r\nIt was like another documentary film that I saw one last week. But this time it was an even bigger scale. This, the original event took place exactly 50 years ago and first of its kind. Since then hundreds of similar events have been recorded. Many of them were made into films, but I don't remember this one was ever turned into one. This is about a raged gunman on the college campus, where many people got killed and injured. A shocking incident, even cops did not know how to handle it at first.\r\n\r\nSo, the film reveals one of the most horrific episodes ever happened in the American soil. Like everything has a first time, this is where it all began for this kind of event. The filmmakers used some of the original archive footage to tell the story, but the majority of the film was the animation. Since it was a documentary film and was made under a tight budget, the visuals were not that pleasant, but the notion was well achieved.\r\n\r\nDocumentary films and interviews are like thunder and lightening. So there are interviews in it, but most of them were made-up of. I mean they were real, though not with the real people, except their recorded voice interviews in most of the cases. It was challenging to bring back the original event on the screen since it is not a feature film to recreate whatever way they want, especially that occurred half a century ago. But very appreciable for even giving us this much of detail to feel the vibe.\r\n\r\n> \u275dOne of the truths I have learnt is that there are monsters that walk among us.\u275e\r\n\r\nIt was like any other normal day on the campus of the University of Texas in Austin. But the scenario has suddenly changed when two student couple fell on the ground not aware of what just happened, and so the people around. After some time, it became clear that a gunman open fired on them and many others from a nearby tower, but the real issue is nobody could see him. Soon it reached the radio and television, and alert has been circulated. Then the cops got involved to solve the matter and how it all ends covered in the rest of the films.\r\n\r\nThis is a good film, revealed most of the parts as much as in details, but I'm not fully convinced. Because the concept of narration was quite similar to feature film style where they want to keep the mystery. It all begins with one perspective and multiplies as it progresses. Except not focusing enough on the negative character. I understood the situation of the event, but I did not get enough detail about the gunman. It was like one side of the story. So mysterious and it stayed that way.\r\n\r\nShorter and well paced. This is definitely worth checking out, though not a must see. To learn the history, the bad one. I had no idea about it prior to watch, but at the end, I felt it accomplished everything on its capacity to give out the truth. No matter it is a documentary film, along with the suspense, the tension was well balanced. So, more or less it is same as like watching a regular crime film. That's especially for those who are not into documentary films. I hope someone would make a feature film out of it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [78997, 423710, 356332, 166161]}