{"tmdb_id": 381283, "title": "Mother!", "original_title": "mother!", "slug_title": "mother", "date": "2017-09-13", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "La relation d'un couple est mise en p\u00e9ril quand l'arriv\u00e9e d'invit\u00e9s inattendus viennent perturber leur quotidien.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qmi2dsuoyzZdJ0WFZYQazbX8ILj.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Lawrence (mother)", "Javier Bardem (Him)", "Ed Harris (man)", "Michelle Pfeiffer (woman)", "Brian Gleeson (younger brother)", "Domhnall Gleeson (oldest son)", "Jovan Adepo (cupbearer)", "Patricia Summersett (consoler)", "Eric Davis (bumbler)", "Raphael Grosz-Harvey (philanderer)", "Kristen Wiig (herald)", "Stephen McHattie (zealot)", "Cristina Rosato (novitiate)", "Xiao Sun (fan)", "Marcia Jean Kurtz (thief)", "Hamza Haq (refugee)", "Gregg Bello (pisser)", "Stanley B. Herman (pervert)", "Sabrina Campilii (good samaritan)", "Amanda Chiu (damsel)", "Emily Hampshire (fool)", "Abraham Aronofsky (wanderer)", "Luis Oliva (idler)", "Stephanie Ng Wan (whisperer)", "Ambrosio De Luca (defiler)", "Arthur Holden (lingerer)", "Henry Kwok (loiterer)", "Alexander Bisping (aesthete)", "Koumba Ball (epicure)", "Robert Higden (drunkard)", "Elizabeth Neale (devotee)", "Scott Humphrey (abettor)", "Anton Koval (plunderer)", "Carolyn Fe (pilferer)", "Pierre Simpson (initiate)", "Mylene Savoie (supplicant)", "Gitz Crazyboy (hewer)", "Shaun O'Hagan (coppersmith)", "Mizinga Mwinga (deputy)", "Genti Bejko (whoremonger)", "Andreas Apergis (slave driver)", "Julianne Jain (executioner)", "Julien Irwin Dupuy (soldier)", "Bronwen Mantel (penitent)", "Amanda Warren (healer)", "Mason Franklin (devourer)", "Laurence Leboeuf (maiden)", "Sarah-Jeanne Labrosse (foremother)", "Mercedes Leggett (underling (uncredited))", "Alain Chanoine (underling (uncredited))", "Deena Aziz (refugee (uncredited))", "Chlo\u00eb Bellande (sex slave (uncredited))", "Adam Bernett (protester (uncredited))", "Izabela D\u0105browska (refugee (uncredited))", "Bineyam Girma (protester (uncredited))", "Hamza Haq (refugee (uncredited))", "Oliver Koomsatira (protester (uncredited))", "Vitali Makarov (refugee (uncredited))", "Danny MAlin (paparazzi (uncredited))", "Serge Martineau (dead body (uncredited))", "Fred Nguyen (looter (uncredited))", "Daniela Sandiford (refugee (uncredited))", "Xiao Sun (fan (uncredited))", "Nathaly Thibault (rave dancer (uncredited))", "Melissa Toussaint (fan (uncredited))", "Kimberly Laferriere (underling (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jessetaylor", "content": "This film defies being rated on a scale of 1 through 5 - it's truly almost impossible to do so. I want to rate this a 5 and I want to rate this a 3 at the same time. Both would be wrong though so I'll just settle in the middle. Aronofsky has given us many brainsick films in the past, but this is on a whole other level. Remember the batshit crazy climax of _Requiem for a Dream_? Multiply that by 50 and you get the batshit crazy climax of mother! - and that is a *huge* understatement.\r\n\r\nI don't really want to talk too much about the film's plot or the finale as not much about the film is known to the public at this point. It's absolutely worth it to go into this film as blind as possible or maximum effectiveness. All I'll say is that the _Rosemary's Baby_ influenced poster and marketing so far is a big curve ball - it has nothing to do with that film although Polanski horror elements are clearly an inspiration to Aronofsky here.\r\n\r\nI do want to praise three specific elements of this film that worked the best for me: (1) The sound design was absolutely magnificent. There is no score to this film - not quite sure what J\u00f3hann J\u00f3hansson did here - but the sound design is eerie as hell and supremely memorable. (2) The production design is next level. The house in this film is basically the co-lead (you'll see what I mean when you watch it) and it evolves drastically over the course of the film (again, you'll see what I mean when you watch it). Excellent art direction that I haven't stopped thinking about all day. (3) The performance from Jennifer Lawrence is harrowing as she really gave herself to this film and to Aronofksy's vision, but the performance that stuck with me is the one from Michelle Pfeiffer. She really embodied her character and even though she's only in maybe the first 60% of the film, she left a deep impression on the rest of it as well. Her character is crucial to the film and she injected such mystery and gravity to the events that followed her exit.\r\n\r\nWill soon watch this again and hopefully have more meaningful thoughts. It's hard to say too much right now when hardly anyone has seen the film yet, but believe me, there is a lot to be said about _mother!_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_mother!_, a movie title with no upper case letters. Well _mother!_, I'm glad you saved those capitals because I have a question which is going to require a lot of them: \"WHO THE FUCK WAS THIS FOR!?\"\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "prestonthedm", "content": "I'll start by saying, maybe I'm not the demographic this film was intended for.\r\n\r\nThat said, I spent 95% of the movie with a confused expression on my face, and asking myself \"what the hell is this?\"  I walked into the theater expecting something good--not necessarily great, but enjoyable.  This movie was confusing, inexplicably violent, never got to the point or fleshed out a story/plot, and left me feeling very uncomfortable throughout the film's entirety.\r\n\r\nI really DON'T recommend this movie.  It seemed like a total waste of time.  The plot was non-existent.  Confusing.  Disturbing at times, without any explanation, context or reason.\r\n\r\nI'd give it 1 star, only because the sets were really well done.  Other than that not worth even one watch, I think."}], "recommandations_id": [399057, 493922, 419430, 447332], "youtube_key": "XpICoc65uh0"}