{"tmdb_id": 381279, "title": "Electric Light Orchestra: Discovery", "original_title": "Electric Light Orchestra: Discovery", "slug_title": "electric-light-orchestra-discovery", "date": "1978-01-01", "genre": "Musique", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/loEC6jstvLjvZuQ84QK5CldqIZa.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Lynne (Himself)", "Bev Bevan (Himself)", "Mik Kaminski (Himself)", "Richard Tandy (Himself)", "Kelly Groucutt (Himself)", "Hugh McDowell (Himself)", "Melvyn Gale (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "docjl74", "content": "Electric Light Orchestra (hereafter known as ELO) formed in the UK in 1971 and by the end of the '70s was one of the more successful rock bands of the decade. Key founding members Jeff Lynne, Roy Wood (later to form Wizzard), and Bev Bevan, created a rock/pop group that successfully blended classical and rock music to create a distinctive sound with songs that became FM radio staples. Blending rich harmonies and catchy tunes with unforgettable choruses, ELO quickly established international success. George Harrison and John Lennon are both on record singing ELO\u2019s praises, suggesting that if people wanted to hear new Beatles music, they should listen to ELO records. High praise indeed. Hit albums such as Discovery, Out Of The Blue and A New World Record contained such hits as Telephone Line, Livin' Thing, Shine A Little Love, Confusion, Turn To Stone and Sweet Talkin' Woman.\r\n\r\nAs the '70s became the '80s, ELO changed both personnel and musical style, somewhat tempering the classical influence and concentrating more on straight-ahead rock. Less successful albums such as Time and Secret Messages, contained hits such as Hold On Tight and Rock And Roll Is King. However, by 1986 Jeff Lynne had had enough and quit. ELO carried on under the direction of Bev Bevan, altering their name to ELO Part II. The level of success enjoyed by the original ELO was not repeated.\r\n\r\nLynne then went on to form The Travelling Wilburys, and also released a solo album in 1990. In 2001 Jeff Lynne released Zoom, the first ELO album in 14 years. Although only Lynne and Richard Tandy (keyboards) had ever been in the original ELO, a tour was planned but later cancelled due to poor ticket sales. Perhaps the world didn't really want ELO back after all. The wonderful Zoom DVD was released, and now Region 4 gets another ELO DVD, but this one is quite different.\r\n\r\nELO - Out Of The Blue Tour - Live At Wembley 1978/Discovery is an interesting release and is essentially two previously available VHS releases on one shiny disc. This certainly increases the attraction for fans and is added incentive to buy.\r\n\r\nThis 1978 concert, if you believe the back cover, had \"Shimmering strings and spectacular special effects (that) conjure up sights and sounds that Spielberg himself could only dream of.\" I will have to take their word on that, for it may have been exciting and \"unforgettable\" if you were there, but watching it on DVD it is hard to imagine. ELO had a reputation for putting on quite spectacular shows to match the exciting sounds they created, but I don't think that is conveyed here. The performance is in aid of the Invalid Children's Aid Association (which is probably long defunct) and runs for a little under an hour. It features some fairly primitive laser effects (by today\u2019s standards anyway), a fairly standard light show, and some truly hideous satin outfits and big hair, complimented by horrific moustaches and beards. Maybe rock bands in the '70s travelled lighter than today's crop, or were more careful with money, \u2018cause they certainly didn't waste it on such things as stylists or personal assistants.\r\n\r\nSongs from the Out Of The Blue album feature prominently and generally are well played and faithful to the originals. The concert incorporates some awful video effects that make ABBA film clips appear avant garde, and the image itself is off-centre, most obvious when the footage is occasionally framed in a rectangular or oval 'window'.\r\n\r\nDiscovery is one of ELO's more successful albums of the '70s and is presented here as a series of specially filmed video clips, one for each track. None are particularly ground breaking (even for the 1970s) and most are a combination of animation and 'live' performance - ie mimed. The running order is the same as the original album and if you switch off the TV, it's the same as hearing a CD copy of the album."}], "recommandations_id": []}