{"tmdb_id": 382143, "title": "Moi, Olga", "original_title": "J\u00e1, Olga Hepnarov\u00e1", "slug_title": "moi-olga", "date": "2016-03-24", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Olga est solitaire. Homosexuelle dans la Tch\u00e9coslovaquie des ann\u00e9es 1970, elle quitte sa famille rigide et glaciale mais ne trouve pas sa place dans une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 qui la rejette. \u00c0 22 ans, elle d\u00e9cide de se venger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xEnEv2tghWoLb0JzODJKAlw4xGm.jpg", "actors": ["Michalina Olsza\u0144ska (Olga Hepnarov\u00e1)", "Martin Pechl\u00e1t (Miroslav)", "Kl\u00e1ra Mel\u00ed\u0161kov\u00e1 (Matka)", "Marika \u0160oposk\u00e1 (Jitka)", "Juraj Nvota (Advok\u00e1t)", "Martin Finger (Dr. Hronec)", "Jan Novotn\u00fd ()", "Ond\u0159ej Mal\u00fd ()", "Marta Mazurek ()", "Zuzana Stavn\u00e1 ()", "Malwina Turek ()", "Gabriela M\u00ed\u010dov\u00e1 ()", "Viktor Vrabec ()", "Ivan Pal\u00fach ()", "Roman Zach ()", "Lena Schimscheiner ()", "Luk\u00e1\u0161 Bech ()", "B\u0142a\u017cej W\u00f3jcik ()", "Magdal\u00e9na Borov\u00e1 ()", "Petra Nesva\u010dilov\u00e1 ()", "Martina Eli\u00e1\u0161ov\u00e1 ()", "Ma\u0142gorzata Gorol ()", "Gustav Ha\u0161ek ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Nobody heard her silent scream for help, till raged with revenge!**\r\n\r\nNowadays, the tactic the terrorists using is to ram a truck into the crowds. Since the automobile revolution, such incidents have been called accidents. But there were some intentional incidents and this is was one of those. If I'm not wrong, this could be the first such event that recorded as early as in the 1973. Olga Hepnarova in her 20s has not had a pleasant life so far. Victim of bullying, family trouble, she left alone to be a loner most of her life. Her sexual life was another obstacle to get along with the society, but she had a decent paying job. And then suddenly, unexpectedly, she unleashes her inner devil.\r\n\r\nLike I said, what this film based on was simply another crime. But what's happening right now made it to get into the spotlight. Otherwise, I don't think they would have made this film. Yes for nationally, but Internationally, there would have been less interested in it. Now this story is definitely an international level. Everyone would know about Olga. The actress who played that role was good too.\r\n\r\nThe film was black and white. Gives a perfect 70s look. Though a little boring film. The screenplay was not engaging enough. There were too many plain scenes like what we see the art films. They should have highlighted more on the bully and other Olga's struggling life, I mean physically. What I saw was leaning towards the side of the story result. The film is not for everyone, particularly being dull presentation makes people turn it down. Otherwise, it's not bad to ignore.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [454349, 383200, 410204, 227716]}