{"tmdb_id": 382217, "title": "Temps couvert", "original_title": "\uac00\ub824\uc9c4 \uc2dc\uac04", "slug_title": "temps-couvert", "date": "2016-11-10", "genre": ["Romance / Fantastique / Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "\u00c2g\u00e9 de 13 ans Su-rin se d\u00e9place vers une \u00eele lointaine avec son beau-p\u00e8re quand sa m\u00e8re d\u00e9c\u00e8de. Elle se lie d'amiti\u00e9 Sung-min, un gar\u00e7on orphelin qui la comprend vraiment. Un jour, ils s'aventurent dans une grotte dans la for\u00eat avec un groupe d'enfants et de d\u00e9couvrir un \u0153uf brillant qui, selon leur folktale locale, tenir un monstre mangeur de temps; un monstre qui peut instantan\u00e9ment transformer un enfant en un adulte. Su-rin tente de les arr\u00eater, mais les gar\u00e7ons prennent l'\u0153uf par curiosit\u00e9. Quand elle les suit de la grotte, elle trouve que ses amis ont disparu. La police suppose que c'est un cas d'enl\u00e8vement et commencent leur enqu\u00eate. Su-rin dit la police de trouver l'\u0153uf, mais personne ne la croit. Plus tard, un homme myst\u00e9rieux dans ses 30 ans montre et dit Su-rin qu'il est Sung-min.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o8dk5Opdo0cI16rMIfCRlIK5Vx0.jpg", "actors": ["Kang Dong-won (Sung-min)", "Shin Eun-soo (Su-rin)", "Lee Hyo-je (Sung-min (young))", "Kim Hee-won (Do-gyoon)", "Kwon Hae-hyo (Baek-gi)", "Kim Dan-yul (Tae-sik (young))", "Um Tae-goo (Tae-sik)", "Park Jong-hwan (Jin-sung)", "Moon So-ri (Dr. Min)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When the time froze, but not one's growth.**\r\n\r\nThere's nothing left to say about the Korean film industry. I've already praised highlighting all the best stuffs. One thing they lack is the awards winning capability, like perhaps the Oscars. Cinematically and entertainment perspective, they always give a top notch product. Particularly, the kind of emotions they use, is very closely appeals to my culture, probably for the rest of the world as well. All I have heard about this was a fantasy film. Beyond that, it was a little romance, a little emotional and a little thriller.\r\n\r\nThere are a large number of people outside the South Korea follow the Korean films. Though this one is definitely an under-noticed a great piece of work. I don't know this director, but he wrote and made it pretty awesomely. This kind of tale very much suitable for anime. It's going to be just like another 'Your Name'. If they decide to make it with the small changes, I'm absolutely on to it.\r\n\r\nThe title is not really enchanting for a fantasy film. But definitely makes sense on what it narrates. This is a fantasy film, though, since time involved in it, it automatically a small part of science fiction too. They had well covered all the loopholes and flaws. They did not detail out all minute things, but if you think little intelligently, you will get all the answers for your doubts. For instance, how that asthma boy had died.\r\n\r\nFrom a small Korean island town, the story followed a teenage girl, Soo-rin who recently moved in there with her stepfather. She was considered a weirdo in the school for being lonely. Then a boy named Sung-min befriends her and become girlfriend-boyfriend. One day they along with two other boys venturing to the nearby mountain forest, discovered a glowing object. In the next minute, everything has changed. All of them disappeared, except the girl. Now the town is enraged by her little story.\r\n\r\n> \u275dLet me grow to 6ft. Earn $10 dollar before age 30.\u275e\r\n\r\nNobody knows what had happened, including Soo-rin, until a man who approached her telling some strange story. She finds a reason to believe that, but not anyone else. It goes on like they are fighting to tell the truth to the world, but it was beyond reality. Adds more complication every time they try to explain it. Without any options to solve it, where the remaining narration heads and ends were told quite nicely, emotionally.\r\n\r\nThe story was simple, but the details makes is more complex. Easy to follow, there's always an explanation for everything you see. Contents wise, it is a well balanced for children's and the grown- ups viewing. Whenever a film theme involved messing with time, it has to be very clever. Because time naturally does not exist in the universe. It is the human's creation to understand everything's existence. I think they have designed this story with the characters so well. It could be a time travel theme too, if you take it from a different perspective.\r\n\r\nTwo hours long film, but that did not bother me. Because I well merged with the story. The twist came early itself as the storytelling demanded it. But there were many turns in the later parts. Especially the entire second half is less excitement if you are a fantasy film fan. Though it gets tense for every scene, and creates curiosity about the conclusion. Not the best ending, yet very suitable one. What I am impressed with it was how smartly they used the graphics. They did not require higher end. Simple and believable visuals, compared to Hollywood's similar style flicks. One such interesting fact was, they wanted the story to lead the film than the colourful graphics.\r\n\r\nNice performances. The locations were good too. There are some moments that reminds other films. Nothing like it stole from them, though for the similarity in the thematic and the situations. The overall film theme was not out and out fresh. It simply changed a few rules and with the kind of development, it created its own identity. As for me, this is one of the top ten fantasy films of the decade and top ten in all time Korean fantasy film. As I said, if you love this genre, then it is a must see. Highly recommended!\r\n\r\n_9/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [446138, 336214, 410204, 381096], "youtube_key": "PB-s9T7Fru0"}