{"tmdb_id": 382399, "title": "Free Dance", "original_title": "High Strung", "slug_title": "free-dance", "date": "2016-04-08", "genre": ["Drame / Musique / Romance"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 New York vivent Ruby, une jeune danseuse classique am\u00e9ricaine et Johnnie, un violoniste britannique qui gagne quelques dollars en jouant dans le m\u00e9tro. Tout les s\u00e9pare mais un jour ils vont se rencontrer \u00e0 l'occasion d'une battle de hip-hop dans laquelle diff\u00e9rents mondes musicaux vont s'entrechoquer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vBpiQ4urEIlSOntCaNNMkb1SBNR.jpg", "actors": ["Keenan Kampa (Ruby)", "Nicholas Galitzine (Johnnie)", "Jane Seymour (Oksana)", "Sonoya Mizuno (Jazzy)", "Paul Freeman (Kramrovsky)", "Maia Morgenstern (Markova)", "Comfort Fedoke (PopTart)", "Richard Southgate (Kyle)", "Ian Eastwood (Rik)", "Anabel Kutay (April)", "Marcus Emanuel Mitchell (Hayward Jones III)", "Simon A. Mendoza (Ollie)", "Miranda Wilson (Mary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A violinist meets a dancer: A love story.**\r\n\r\nThat's a freaky poster, but the film was good. You know there are dance flicks even worse than this, especially, it was once a trendy theme, but now nothing impressive. In that perspective, this film was a relief, a decently made film. So dance flick means people expect extraordinary moves and music, but in this, they had kept them simple. They did not press hard on either street dance or the classical dance. It was kind of fusion between them and in addition to that live music like mainly violin.\r\n\r\nI don't know anybody from the cast or the director, but it does not look like a B movie/indie, because the production quality was excellent. Even the story was somewhat clich\u00e9, yet enjoyable, mainly for its around 90 minute narration. I mean being a short and a decent pace with the good performances and musics and dances, this film can be easily become a dance flick of the year.\r\n\r\nThe film is not just for youngsters, but for everyone. The matured contents like maintaining the decency from the dialogues to the pictures, nothing obscene in it. A perfect PG film, the majority would like it or not, but surely will be entertained. Having lots of good quality, I did not like it entirely. In some parts it looked just fake to me like in the real world kind. I would say watch it, but don't expect too much, especially twist or surprises. It's really a nice film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [412519, 283378, 407655, 243683], "youtube_key": "JctCSR1hSsw"}