{"tmdb_id": 38243, "title": "Fatty Finn", "original_title": "Fatty Finn", "slug_title": "fatty-finn", "date": "1980-12-18", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "The time is the 1930's. Australia like the rest of the world is in the grip of depression. For Aussie's one man lifted their spirits, Don Bradman. Arguably one of the greatest sportsmen of any sport, The Don's cricketing prowess was a ray of sunshine to all Australian, especially to one Hubert \"Fatty\" Finn. He had a dream, to own a crystal set ( very early radio receiver) so as to listen to Bradman flay the Pom's ( English) in the upcoming Ashes Test match. However that took money to buy and times were hard. Fatty uses his enterprise to raise money and promptly loses it as misfortune strikes time and again. Then of course his arch rival Bruiser Murphy is also plotting Fatty's downfall. If he can only win the goat race again he will have enough to pay for the crystal set; or will Bruiser Murphy gazump him? With his band of friends plus Trumper the frog and Hector the goat Fatty sets out to win the day. Hurray for Fatty Finn. Oh yes and Bradman made a record score in the test.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mBNhu1BBh2XEnkHwMVEY9gp1sNh.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Oxenbould (Hubert 'Fatty' Finn)", "Rebecca Rigg (Tilly)", "Jeremy Larsson (Headlights)", "Martin Lewis (Skeet)", "Hugo Grieve (Seasy)", "Sandy Leask (Lolly Legs)", "Greg Kelly (Bruiser Murphy)", "Melita Simec (Bruisers Girl)", "Christopher Norton (Snootle)", "Bert Newton (John Finn)", "Noni Hazlehurst (Myrtle Finn)", "Gerard Kennedy (Tiger Murphy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "aAPsb4uBgnI"}