{"tmdb_id": 38317, "title": "Zookeeper", "original_title": "Zookeeper", "slug_title": "zookeeper", "date": "2011-07-06", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance / Familial"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Quand il d\u00e9cide de d\u00e9missionner car son travail l'emp\u00eache de trouver l'amour, un gardien de zoo re\u00e7oit l'aide inattendue des animaux du parc, qui vont lui enseigner les secrets de la nature...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qVsaDvFLnGSH6WdTgatzc2nXt7e.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin James (Griffin Keyes)", "Rosario Dawson (Kate)", "Sylvester Stallone (Lion (voice))", "Nick Nolte (Bernie The Gorilla)", "Jon Favreau (Bear (voice))", "Adam Sandler (Monkey (voice))", "Judd Apatow (Elephant (voice))", "Thomas Gottschalk (Fashiondesigner)", "Ken Jeong (Venom)", "Donnie Wahlberg (Shane)", "Leslie Bibb (Stephanie)", "Nat Faxon (Dave)", "Cher (Janet the Lioness (voice))", "Joe Rogan (Gale)", "Faizon Love (Bruce the Bear (voice))", "Maya Rudolph (Mollie the Giraffe (voice))", "Bas Rutten (Sebastian the Wolf (voice))", "Steffiana De La Cruz (Robin)", "Crystal the Monkey (Donald the Monkey)", "Nicholas Turturro (Manny)", "Jackie Sandler (Camarera de TGIF)", "Dan Marshall (Zoo Visitor / Father with Baby in Sling (uncredited))", "Katrina Begin (Secretary at TGIF)", "Michael Burton (Car Customer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Fun, heartwarming dramedy with Kevin James, Rosario Dawson and\u2026 talking animals\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2011 and directed by Frank Coraci, \"Zookeeper\" is a dramedy/fantasy/romance starring Kevin James as a (you guessed it) zookeeper in Boston who enlists the aid of the zoo\u2019s animals in his attempt to win the affections of model Stephanie (Leslie Bibb) or, maybe, fellow zoo-worker Kate (Rosario Dawson).\r\n\r\nThis amusing and heartwarming movie succeeds where \u201cDoctor Dolittle\u201d (1998) barely gets by. It\u2019s also more relevant to adults in light of the romantic shenanigans, albeit still family friendly. Everything hinges on whether or not the movie can pull off the animals as (talking) characters while keeping you invested in the drama. And it does, incredibly. I actually found myself caring about one of the animals in particular. As always, James makes for a likable every-guy protagonist. And Dawson is winsome.    \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 42 minutes and was shot in Franklin Park Zoo & Boston, Massachusetts, as well as Central Park, Manhattan (for the bike race). WRITERS: Jay Scherick, David Ronn, Kevin James, etc.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [71880, 14560, 87826, 10202], "youtube_key": "krvwtRbK5nM"}