{"tmdb_id": 38324, "title": "Back-Room Boy", "original_title": "Back-Room Boy", "slug_title": "back-room-boy", "date": "1942-04-15", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6q9ewoiuPg0f3HPC1cgYKeGQv1U.jpg", "actors": ["Arthur Askey (Arthur Pilbeam)", "Moore Marriott (Jerry)", "Graham Moffatt (Albert)", "Googie Withers (Bobbie)", "Vera Frances (Jane)", "Joyce Howard (Betty)", "John Salew (Steve Mason)", "George Merritt (Uncle)", "Eileen Bennett (Bit Player)", "Philip Friend (Damon Ravel)", "Aubrey Mallalieu (West)", "D.J. Williams (McIntyre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lumee! More Women.\r\n\r\nArthur Askey plays Arthur Pilbeam, who after recently being jilted by his fianc\u00e9 swears off women and seeks employment away from them. He lands a post at a remote lighthouse on one of the Scotish Isles, here he thinks he's finally cracked it and can enjoy solitude whilst providing the meteorological bulletins. However, his peace is soon shattered when young Jane walks into his life, she stowed-away on his boat for she's searching for her uncle on a neighbouring island. Then Bobbie shows up after her boat was torpedoed, then another boat load of survivors, predominantly women, arrive. Arthur is beside himself, but worse is to come for all of a sudden they all start to disappear one by one. Could this be another Mary Celeste? Only in lighthouse form?\r\n\r\nProduced out of Gainsborough Pictures, this Askey vehicle is directed by Herbert Mason and co-written by Marriott Edgar, Val Guest & J.O.C. Orton. Starring alongside Askey are Googie Withers, Moore Marriott, Graham Moffatt and Vera Francis. Very much along the lines of another Guest/Edgar scripted piece, the classic Oh Mr Porter! this fun and breezy picture sees Askey restrained and the film be all the better for it. In truth it takes its time to get going, practically 40 minutes pass by before the additional characters start being introduced. Which means we are at the mercy of Askey and the delightful Vera Francis for much of the movie. But it works.\r\n\r\nFrancis isn't an annoying child star, she has nice delivery and her role is so well scripted it keeps the film breezy. Her natural like presence appears to have a good effect on Askey, who is more relaxed and thus the comedy is more humanistic and real. Enter the support players, who somewhat understandably given the plot, aren't given much to do. Which is a shame because more of Withers, Marriott & Moffatt would obviously have been a bonus. But it is what it is and as the mystery element kicks in, and some sinister undertones sidle up next to the comedy, the lack of meat for the support characters' bones is easily forgiven. There's no real surprises come the finale, but one thinks nobody would be expecting that given the time of the film's release. So sit back and enjoy this fun mystery for it's one of the better Askey pictures. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}