{"tmdb_id": 38321, "title": "Priest", "original_title": "Priest", "slug_title": "priest", "date": "2011-05-05", "genre": ["Fantastique / Horreur"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans un monde ravag\u00e9 par des si\u00e8cles de guerre entre l'homme et les vampires, un pr\u00eatre guerrier se retourne contre l'\u00c9glise afin de traquer une bande de vampires meurtriers qui ont kidnapp\u00e9 sa ni\u00e8ce.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pE28BDqICBPe3FgphsYSxtH6FcZ.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Bettany (Priest)", "Karl Urban (Black Hat)", "Cam Gigandet (Hicks)", "Maggie Q (Priestess)", "Lily Collins (Lucy Pace)", "Stephen Moyer (Owen Pace)", "M\u00e4dchen Amick (Shannon Pace)", "Brad Dourif (Salesman)", "Christopher Plummer (Monsignor Orelas)", "Alan Dale (Monsignor Chamberlain)", "Marilyn Brett (Woman)", "Jacob Hopkins (Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "A film just in my style. It\u2019s a future/alternate reality kind of apocalyptic action/horror movie. Fairly simple and straightforward plot where the good guys stays pretty much stays as the good guys throughout the move and the hero is really someone that kicks ass throughout the movie. No bloody fussing around with making the hero \u201chuman\u201d or some crap like that.\n\nThe special effects and the apocalyptic sceneries where well done. In general the film was a solid piece of work. The transfer to Blu-ray equally well done. Picture quality was as to be expected and the DTS Master Audio 5.1 soundtrack well balanced with just enough surround effects and LFE to make it very enjoyable.\n\nThe film get a 5.7 rating at IMDB which in my mind is a bit on the low side but then, it\u2019s not really a film for everyone. The so called \u201ccritics\u201d at Rotten Tomatoes gave it 17% which is just pure bullshit but then I have given up on those idiots a long time ago. Most of those \u201ccritics\u201d must come from the American bible belt or something \ud83d\ude26"}], "recommandations_id": [22894, 19901, 47327, 37430], "youtube_key": "K8lvOWt-jp4"}