{"tmdb_id": 383498, "title": "Deadpool 2", "original_title": "Deadpool 2", "slug_title": "deadpool-2", "date": "2018-05-15", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Aventure", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Deadpool se voit contraint de rejoindre les X-Men : apr\u00e8s une tentative rat\u00e9e de sauver un jeune mutant au pouvoir destructeur, il est jet\u00e9 en prison anti-mutants. Arrive Cable, un soldat venant du futur et ayant pour cible le jeune mutant, en qu\u00eate de vengeance. Deadpool d\u00e9cide de le combattre. Peu convaincu par les r\u00e8gles des X-Men, il cr\u00e9e sa propre \u00e9quipe, la \u00ab X-Force \u00bb. Mais cette mission lui r\u00e9servera de grosses surprises, des ennemis de taille et des alli\u00e9s indispensables.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ybjooZMNlRBaFNfs52XqONc4Xyw.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Reynolds (Wade Wilson / Deadpool / Juggernaut (voice) / Himself)", "Josh Brolin (Nathan Summers / Cable)", "Morena Baccarin (Vanessa Carlysle)", "Julian Dennison (Russell Collins / Firefist)", "Zazie Beetz (Neena Thurman / Domino)", "T.J. Miller (Jack Hammer / Weasel)", "Leslie Uggams (Blind Al)", "Karan Soni (Dopinder)", "Brianna Hildebrand (Ellie Phimister / Negasonic Teenage Warhead)", "Jack Kesy (Black Tom Cassidy)", "Eddie Marsan (Headmaster)", "Shiori Kutsuna (Yukio / Pinkie Pie)", "Stefan Kapi\u010di\u0107 (Piotr Rasputin / Colossus (voice))", "Andre Tricoteux (Piotr Rasputin / Colossus (stand-in))", "Randal Reeder (Buck)", "Nikolai Witschl (Head Orderly Frye)", "Thayr Harris (Sergei Valishnikov)", "Rob Delaney (Peter)", "Lewis Tan (Gaveedra-Seven / Shatterstar)", "Bill Skarsg\u00e5rd (Axel Cluney / Zeitgeist)", "Terry Crews (Jesse Aaronson / Bedlam)", "Brad Pitt (Telford Porter / Vanisher)", "Paul Wu (Hong Kong Boss)", "Robert Maillet (Sluggo)", "Alan Tudyk (Luke, Redneck #1)", "Matt Damon (Redneck #2 (as Dickie Greenleaf))", "Michasha Armstrong (SWAT Captain (School))", "Hayley Sales (Cable's Wife)", "Islie Hirvonen (Hope, Cable's Daughter)", "Joe Doserro (Bus Driver)", "Jagua Arneja (Tree Trimmer #1)", "Gerry South (Tree Trimmer #2)", "Mike Dopud (Prison Guard)", "Luke Roessler (Cereal Kid)", "Andy Canete (Neighbour #1)", "Tanis Dolman (Neighbour #2)", "Eleanor Walker (Neighbour #3)", "Hunter Dillon (Branding Boy)", "Sala Baker (Older Russell Collins / Firefist)", "Sonia Sunger (News Reporter (Irene))", "Paul Wernick (News Cameraman)", "Rhett Reese (News Helicopter Pilot)", "Abiola Uthman (Chinook Pilot)", "Tony Bailey (Black Tom Gang Member)", "David Leitch (Ground Chuck Mutant)", "Hugh Jackman (Logan / Wolverine (archive footage))", "James McAvoy (Charles Xavier / Professor X (uncredited))", "Nicholas Hoult (Hank McCoy / Beast (uncredited))", "Kodi Smit-McPhee (Kurt Wagner / Nightcrawler (uncredited))", "Alexandra Shipp (Ororo Monroe / Storm (uncredited))", "Evan Peters (Peter Maximoff / Quicksilver (uncredited))", "Tye Sheridan (Scott Summers / Cyclops (uncredited))", "David Ber\u00f3n (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Richard Epcar (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Lex Lang (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "David Michie (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Andrew Morgado (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Ben Pronsky (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Dean Wein (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Fred Savage (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "garethmb", "content": "The Mercenary with a mouth is back with the eagerly awaited arrival of \u201cDeadpool 2\u201d. The films sees the generally well-meaning but highly dysfunctional Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds), back to taking out bad guys as a contract player but also managing his relationship with Vanessa (Morena Baccarin).  When an unexpected event sends his life into a freefall, Deadpool tries to find a new purpose with the help of his X-Men associates from the last film who attempt to recruit him into their organization.\nHis first mission is to defuse an angry and destructive young mutant named Russell (Julian Dennison), which takes an unexpected turn and lands them both in serious trouble.\n\nOne would think that would be enough to cause some major life changes for Deadpool but thanks to the arrival of Cable (Josh Brolin), a cyborg soldier from the future; things are about to get much more complicated and intense.\nUndaunted, Deadpool opts to form his own league of heroes and aside from Domino (Zazie Beetz); they seem to be as unlucky or dysfunctional as their leader which makes for some very hysterical consequences.\n\nWhat follows is an action and laugh-laden adventure which brings even more of what made the first film such a success to the audience as the film takes the bawdy action of the first and ups the ante thanks in large part to an expanded budget and cast.\nMy biggest concern for the film was that with an expanded budget there would be too many characters and an attempt to do far too much with the film. That did play out at times in the beginning as for me, the first film worked so well as they had to let the characters rather than the action and effects carry it and the rapid-fire arrival of so many jokes and creative profanity made repeat viewing of the film necessary to catch everything.\n\nThis time out we get elaborate action and chase sequences as well as a much larger cast. At times it seemed as if this would possibly overshadow the characters and story but Reynolds and Director David Leith never let it cross that line.\nThey also go back to the core elements in the final third of the film which really allows the film to fully connect with the tone of the original film and brings the film home to a satisfying conclusion.  What really sold the film for me was the brilliant and very inspired extended scene during the credits which allows Deadpool to \u201cfix\u201d various issues which perfectly captures the irreverent character and the best aspects of the series where the cast is willing to make fun of themselves as well as the larger universe in which their characters exist.\n\nI cannot wait to see what comes next as \u201cDeadPool 2\u201d is another fun outing for the character and something very different from most comic based movies.\n\n4 stars out of 5"}, {"pseudo": "TobyBenson", "content": "An utterly hilarious movie, with hundreds of pop culture references. A movie that doesn't take itself seriously, creating a silly, yet sensible dynamic. A must watch!"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb76295109", "content": "All in all, I prefer a Marvel movie that doesn't take itself seriously, but the nonstop unseriousness of Deadpool 2 can wear you down, too."}, {"pseudo": "Mark Rushow", "content": "Terminator + Adam Sandler = Deadpool 2. Anyone else notice that? Even Deadpool calls Cable Jon Connor but the whole movie is structured like a Terminator movie. Cable is like a combination of Jon Connor and a Terminator. All the comedy is styled just like an Adam Sandler movie. And that is it. Works pretty good oddly. It is the Terminator movie that never was. Though the director of the first Deadpool wasn't directing this movie he is actually directing the next Terminator film."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Takes some pretty hardcore departures from the first movie in terms of characters, but _Deadpool 2_ is still funny as Hell (maybe not quite as funny as it thinks but still, very very humorous) and Ryan Reynolds once again absolutely nails the titular role. I never loved either of these movies as much as it seems people did by and large, but I do **like** them, and that's not nothin'.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I quite enjoyed this movie. Was there a lot of juvenile jokes? Oh yes. Was the characters sometimes over the top and silly? Yes again. Was the script and story anything to write home about? Of course not! Was there a lot of gratuitous violence? Hell yes! But then, this was pretty much what could be expected. Anyone offended or surprised by this should not really have picked this movie in the first place.\r\n\r\nDespite the fairly juvenile jokes, the sometime illogical script and the way over the top chop-chop-and-chop-some-more violence I had great fun watching this movie. I really enjoyed the action sequences a\u2019la Kill Bill, the special effects and yes, the jokes. Most of the time at least)\r\n\r\nEverything was so silly and over the top that it actually became funny. Each scene, taken by itself, would probably have been considered silly, or even bad, by me but stringed together in the context of the movie as a whole it just worked. For me at least.\r\n\r\nThe action sequences, CGI and everything that should be in a superhero movie was, in my mind, quite good. Also, despite not really being anything to write home about the story was quite adequate. Simple, straightforward and a lot better than the crap that a lot of the stuff that social and political correctness preaching writers at Marvel are spewing out these days.\r\n\r\nI definitely liked Cable as the hard hitting ass-kicking cyborg. When Domino was first introduced I was not impressed, even though she\u2019s hot. I mean, luck as a superpower? However, when she started to pull all these hilarious stunts with these incredibly unbelievable chains of events I quickly changed my mind. Oh, and I did like Deadpool of course. That goes without saying. If you do not like the main protagonist it is difficult to like the movie itself is it not?\r\n\r\nMost of the other characters were between okay and so so. The one character I never really liked was Firefist. He was never funny, just incredibly stupid and childish.\r\n\r\nThe team of fellow mutant \u201cwarriors\u201d that Deadpool pulled together? Well let\u2019s say that I am not that disappointed that they were somewhat \u201cexpendable\u201d but it looks like that was the whole point of it. When the first of them whammed into that bus I thought \u201cWhat the f\u2026?\u201d and then it just continued with one gory event following another. Nice touch with the blue blood by the way. I guess the guy was an alien after all.\r\n\r\nTo sum it up, a lot of the movie was pretty much what I expected but altogether I think I was positively surprised. Two hours of great fun actually."}], "recommandations_id": [363088, 299536, 284054, 333339]}