{"tmdb_id": 38380, "title": "Follow a Star", "original_title": "Follow a Star", "slug_title": "follow-a-star", "date": "1959-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Norman Truscott is a store worker who dreams of stardom. Vernon Carew is a singer whose star is fading. Vernon manages to get a recording of Norman singing and passes it off as himself.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7v8VGQKQ5IqI3LaTblZ99R4e5Ad.jpg", "actors": ["Norman Wisdom (Norman Truscott)", "Jerry Desmonde (Vernon Carew)", "June Laverick (Judy)", "Hattie Jacques (Dymphna Dobson)", "Richard Wattis (Dr. W. Chatterway)", "Eddie Leslie (Harold Franklin)", "John Le Mesurier (Birkett)", "Fenella Fielding (Lady Arabella Finchington)", "Ron Moody (Violinist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Norman's Singin' In The Rain.\r\n\r\nStandard formula for a Norman Wisdom movie here. Norman becomes a put upon clown whilst bubbling under the surface is the fact he's a very talented guy (singer here), whilst he's in love with a wheelchair bound beauty. It's often the saccharine elements of Wisdom's films that puts people off, but to his fans (and I'm one), they are integral to letting Wisdom hit his comedic heights.\r\n\r\nFollow a Star is not a great Norman Wisdom film, but it is a very safe and enjoyable one. Story finds Norman used by ageing crooner Jerry Desmonde, who upon finding he is no longer fashionable, plots to use Norman's amazing singing voice as his own. Cue Norman moving in with Desmonde as the house slave and chaos ensues. Meanwhile those closest to Norman smell a rat and try to bring down Desmonde the fraud. \r\n\r\nAs usual there are plenty of laughs and high energy acrobatics, with stand out sequences involving hypnosis and the bravura mania of the finale - where the dastards do all they can to get Norman off of the stage. Some super British comedy actors fill out the support slots, most notably Hattie Jacques and Richard Wattis, while Philip Green's musical contributions are most pleasing.\r\n\r\nOne for Wisdom fans only? For sure. Otherwise leave well alone. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [164142, 120555, 60481, 57693], "youtube_key": "notfound"}