{"tmdb_id": 384013, "title": "Ghost Ship", "original_title": "\u0e21\u0e2d\u0e0d\u0e0b\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e19\u0e1c\u0e35", "slug_title": "ghost-ship", "date": "2015-12-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "At a dark pier in the middle of the night, a boat captain and his mate, Nong, are readying their vessel for the next trip. But what they discover is a shocking: the lifeless body of Mia, the wife of the boat\u2019s owner, is hanged from a mast in a gruesome fashion. The corpse also sets off panic among other sailors. The captain orders everyone to calm down. He decides that he has to get rid of the body, and comes up with a plan to throw Mia\u2019s body in the middle of the sea. But it\u2019s not that simple. Once the ship sets sail, the body hidden in the engine room disappears. Mia\u2019s spirit is set loose and wreaking havoc on the boat in the middle of the sea. The ghost terrorizes the sailors, who can\u2019t escape anywhere except into the water that surrounds them. Things get worse when a storm hits. The only way to save the boat and everyone on it is to locate Mia\u2019s body. But there\u2019s more serious question that no one remembers to ask: Who murdered Mia?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yRY9ml8mZOwLC5SrQ5PF5m7SfWG.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Jindachot ()", "Bhuvadol Vejvongsa ()", "Dharmthai Plangsilp ()", "Pongsatorn Sripinta ()", "Nutcha Jeka ()", "Theeradanai Suwannahom ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [340143, 247674, 127247, 178751], "youtube_key": "GtAoFvhc4C4"}