{"tmdb_id": 38446, "title": "Frightmare", "original_title": "Frightmare", "slug_title": "frightmare", "date": "1974-11-05", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Quinze ans apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 emprisonn\u00e9 pour avoir commis les crimes les plus horribles et les plus violents, Dorothy et Edmund Yates sont lib\u00e9r\u00e9s dans la collectivit\u00e9. Mais malgr\u00e9 les efforts d\u00e9ploy\u00e9s d'Edmund, Dorothy retrouve ses tendances cannibale et elle est bient\u00f4t encore rendue \u00e0 commettre des meurtres horribles. Pendant ce temps, leur fille et belle-fille Debbie et Jackie commencent \u00e0 \u00eatre tir\u00e9es dans leur \u00e9trange spirale de violence, et l'une d'elles pourrait m\u00eame avoir h\u00e9rit\u00e9 du go\u00fbt de la chair humaine de Dorothy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fBZq2gPmCJp3kYPnTcL6sPPvWOw.jpg", "actors": ["Rupert Davies (Edmund Yates)", "Sheila Keith (Dorothy Yates)", "Deborah Fairfax (Jackie)", "Paul Greenwood (Graham)", "Kim Butcher (Debbie)", "Fiona Curzon (Merle)", "Trisha Mortimer (Lillian)", "Pamela Fairbrother (Delia)", "Edward Kalinski (Alec)", "John Yule (Robin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ghastly, Ghoulish, Grotty & Gory.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrightmare is directed by Pete Walker who also co-writes the screenplay with David McGillivray. It stars Rupert Davies, Shelia Keith, Deborah Fairfax, Paul Greenwood and Kim Butcher. Music is by Stanley Myers and cinematography by Peter Jessop.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nEdmund and Dorothy Yates are freed after fifteen years in an asylum, committed for despicable crimes, but is Dorothy cured? And what of their daughters?     \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrightmare is what it is, a British exploitation horror made at a time when it was out to get the best rise out of the audience. As much as Pete Walker\u2019s fans don\u2019t want to believe it, there is no social comment being made, no hidden agenda or attempts to push the boundaries of British horror in visual or thematic achievements. Walker, a very likable and honest man, even says his films are not for deep cranial pondering, he couldn\u2019t believe his luck that he got to throw blood and guts about and got paid for it.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrightmare is a thinly plotted and written picture that serves only to bask in some shock and awe scenes. The ineptitude of the mental health authorities is given a cursory glance, but really the picture plods from one scene to the next waiting for Dorothy to get busy with her tool kit. It\u2019s there, with the wonderfully scary Keith doing her stuff, where Walker excels. Though in today\u2019s desensitised age it\u2019s more fun than frightening, while there\u2019s actually not as much gore on show as you would think. It\u2019s all very basic in truth, but Walker achieved his aims back then, and kudos to him for serving up a truly bleak finale. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [56702, 106682, 27313, 40343], "youtube_key": "QdqGlszABPg"}