{"tmdb_id": 384664, "title": "Goodbye Berlin", "original_title": "Tschick", "slug_title": "goodbye-berlin", "date": "2016-09-15", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Alors que sa m\u00e8re est en cure de d\u00e9sintoxication et son p\u00e8re en voyage d\u2019affaires avec son assistante, le jeune Maik s\u2019ennuie, seul dans sa villa, sans r\u00e9ussir \u00e0 profiter de l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9. L\u2019un de ses camarades de classe, Tschick, un jeune immigr\u00e9 russe et adolescent rebelle, l\u2019entra\u00eene alors dans une vir\u00e9e en dehors de la ville, aux commandes d\u2019une voiture vol\u00e9e. Ainsi commence pour les deux gar\u00e7ons une aventure hors du commun dont ils se souviendront longtemps, pendant cet \u00e9t\u00e9 que l\u2019un comme l\u2019autre ne sont pas pr\u00e8s d\u2019oublier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k4qd6DlttHt0QKROUlpnGKIyuY5.jpg", "actors": ["Anand Batbileg (Andrej 'Tschick' Tschichatschow)", "Tristan G\u00f6bel (Maik Klingenberg)", "Nicole Mercedes M\u00fcller (Isa)", "Uwe Bohm (Vater Klingenberg)", "Xenia Assenza (Mona)", "Udo Samel (Lehrer)", "Claudia Geisler (Friedemanns Mutter)", "Aniya Wendel (Tatjana Cosic)", "Anja Schneider (Mutter Klingenberg)", "Henning Peker (Herr Schuback)", "Justina Humpf (Natalie)", "Paul Busche (Kevin)", "Jerome Hirthammer (Lukas)", "Max Kluge (Hans)", "Nadine Dubois (Frau Weber)", "Katerina Poladjan (Mathelehrerin Strahl)", "Sammy Scheuritzel (Patrick)", "Julius Felsberg (Justin)", "Aurelia Selene Sch\u00e4fer (Laura)", "Philomena K\u00f6bel (Nadine)", "Helena Siegmund-Schultze (\u201eAdel auf dem Radel\u201c-M\u00e4dchen)", "Noah Wiechers (\u201eAdel auf dem Radel\u201c-Junge)", "Matthis Schmidt-Fo\u00df (Friedemann)", "Siri Dausend (Theresa)", "Gwendolyn G\u00f6bel (Elisabeth)", "Florian Wihstutz (Godwin)", "Bella Bading (Florentine)", "Enno Spohn (Jonas)", "Marc Hosemann (Polizist Normadorf)", "Till Wonka (junger Polizist)", "Alexander Scheer (Jugendrichter)", "Friederike Kempter (Anw\u00e4ltin)", "Kai Ivo Baulitz (Polizist 1)", "Alfred Hartung (Polizist 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The road to the life changing course.**\r\n\r\nThe coming-of-age road adventure based on the book of the same name. From the director of 'Soul Kitchen'. It was like any other similar themed teen flick, has all the same formulas, but what makes it special is it is being a German film. I'm not saying it is new for German film, but definitely not every year flooded with such plenty of flicks like in the Hollywood. Besides, there are other major differences, as it is culture, mindset of the kids and the type of adventure.\r\n\r\nThe original title name is the name of one of the main film characters. But the story was observed from another character who has been with him all along. Opened with some road accident and soon the flashback follows to reveal what happened till that point of the film. For me the story did not impress, it was how everything was presented on the screen. It was a 90 minute film, and straight to the point kind of narration. Which means the pace was never compromised.\r\n\r\nIt tells the story of two teenage boys how they have spent their summer. After not invited to the birthday party to whom he has a crush on, Maik decides to go an unexpected road trip with his new, weird friend. A lifetime journey. Being a teenager and taking a such ride unwraps his mind as he was only living in the small world so far. Which particularly points out his one sided romance. At the end of his adventure where stands and the aftermath of everything was briefly disclosed.\r\n\r\n> \u275dSomeone just needs to scratch in some letters, then it will be 'Atomic Crisis of 2016'.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe 'road movie' has been just a concept, but the stories created around it was very nice. Like many mini episodes, whenever they encounter the new people, the new places. At its halfway through, the third character was introduced. It was one of the best improvement. At first it was not intentional, but going further it becomes. Might not close to the real life, but makes such impression that's not too far from the reality. On how some people slipped away from the actual world and the contact with its people. Obviously with the reason, that does not reveal to us because of not to make any further complication in the storytelling.\r\n\r\nThe overall best thing about the film was not digging anything so in detail. Everything about the film was a rough cut. Except the opening parts in the school where the plot was initiated. It was more of an introduction than the initiation. And the remaining film was a transformation from something what we knew its state of condition (of the main character) to the ultimate goal (which was not expected).\r\n\r\nIt drags the gay topic, but throw away immediately. Similarly a few other topics as well. Yeah, the film was fun, as it told from the teenager's perspective, not the entire film to be considered very seriously. Though there some parts make sense and inspires, despite done/committed on the contrary. When it comes to the cast, it was flawless performances. Both the lead boys were awesome. The odd combination worked out well. But it was not that odd, while narrating the story.\r\n\r\nThe Maik reminded me the Wiley Wiggins from 'Dazed and Confused'. The film was not predictable, but the path it has taken was. If I say the film was excellent, that does not mean all of you would enjoy it. Surely teenagers, and children film fans would, but those who are familiar with this kind might find nothing new in it. For them it does not matter, it is an American or a German film. That does not mean it's not worth a watch. So try it, despite you are going to like it or not in the later.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [1661, 285203, 66825, 9643], "youtube_key": "cto3u7xWOXc"}