{"tmdb_id": 384798, "title": "Identify", "original_title": "Kill Command", "slug_title": "identify", "date": "2016-05-13", "genre": "Action / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 l'heure de l'av\u00e8nement de la robotique, est mis au point le projet S.A .R : des robots dot\u00e9s d'intelligence artificielle et autonomes au combat. Appel\u00e9s \u00e0 les rencontrer, le Capitaine Bukes et ses hommes se rendent sur l'\u00eele d'entrainement, guid\u00e9s par la jeune humano\u00efde, Mills. Lorsque les robots d\u00e9cident de prendre eux-m\u00eames leur contr\u00f4le, l'entrainement tourne \u00e0 l'affrontement. Le futur de l'humanit\u00e9 est en jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9A7ZkQlA0r73HovrOQ2IrJ2Jon8.jpg", "actors": ["Vanessa Kirby (Mills)", "Thure Lindhardt (Captain Bukes)", "David Ajala (Drifter)", "Tom McKay (Cutbill)", "Deborah Rosan (Laboratory Technician)", "Bentley Kalu (Robinson)", "Mike Noble (Goodwin)", "Osi Okerafor (Loftus)", "Damian Kell (Winder)", "Tim Ahern (Harbinger Exec.)", "Kelly Gough (Hackett)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Like _Dog Soldiers_ meets _The Terminator_, except nowhere near as good as either. Clich\u00e9 sci-fi but with some great original designs.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The plot of this movie is not exactly a new one. Robots created by humans, created to learn, decides to do things their way. The way of robots is usually detrimental to the health of any humans nearby. When the robots in question happens to be combat robots then shit is about to hit the fan \u2026 big time!\r\n\r\nIt sounds pretty good. The problem is that I found the implementation rather mediocre.\r\n\r\nIt starts off looking rather good with scenes of Mills in the company head quarters and a few cool scenes showing off her eye implants. The movie then moves on to present the military squad that are about to have an unpleasant first hand experience of the \u201crobot way\u201d.  Unfortunately the writer fell for the all too boring and cheap plot element of making the commander an asshole who looks down on anyone who is not a marine grunt. Sigh.\r\n\r\nThen it is quickly off to the island training facility. After the obligatory banter between the marines and Mills in the rather bizarre and not very believable transport ship it is time for some action as the marines deploy.\r\n\r\nThe rest of the movie is pretty much a long sequence alternating between shot outs between the troops and the robots and moments of reflection. The behavior of this so called elite marine squad is amateurish. The robots are underwhelming. What especially ticked me off was that the robots did not seem to be able to hit anything except by pure luck. And these were supposed to be high tech stuff. The marines even use simple smoke to evade them. What the fuck? Advanced killer robots in the future that relies on visual and cannot shoot straight? That is disappointing to say the least.\r\n\r\nOf course there had to be a big shootout in the end. Unfortunately it was just more of what we had seen before. Robots shooting, and missing, wildly. The marines killing them off in rather large, but not sufficiently large, numbers. Finally someone thought about using EMP charges. However here the writer comes up with another stupid plot element. Implants that were not immediately hurt by an EMP pulse but would slowly degrade afterwards and, just for good measure, erase the human memories of the implanted person as well. Contrived and stupid as far as I am concerned.\r\n\r\nThe end? Well about as meh as you could expect from a low budget sci-fi/horror movie wannabe. The movie was not outright bad and it did have some interesting ideas but it was pretty clear that it was on a budget with constraints. The writing, the robot designs which seemed to be done by someone caring only about visual appearance and not if the design actually made sense, dragged down the movie."}], "recommandations_id": [301728, 410199, 174675, 324670]}