{"tmdb_id": 385363, "title": "Hollow Creek", "original_title": "Hollow Creek", "slug_title": "hollow-creek", "date": "2016-02-01", "genre": "Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la recherche d\u2019inspiration pour son prochain roman Blake Blackman, \u00e9crivain de NYC, se retire dans une cabane dans les Appalaches. Il est secr\u00e8tement accompagn\u00e9 par sa ma\u00eetresse Angelica Santoro. Ils apprennent la disparition de plusieurs gar\u00e7ons dans la r\u00e9gion.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/inAiwHac9xR2uaE1NNLjMTuNUyJ.jpg", "actors": ["Steve Daron (Blake Blackman)", "Guisela Moro (Angelica Santoro)", "Burt Reynolds (Seagrass Lambert)", "David Ausem (Officer Thompson)", "Tony Reichert (Mark Melbourne)", "Alyn Darnay (Leonard Cunnings)", "Karen Chimato (Kelly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\u201cThank God\u201d\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2016 and written & directed by Guisela Moro, \"Hollow Creek\u201d chronicles events in the heart of West Virginia when a popular horror writer (Steve Daron) retreats to a vacation home with his girlfriend (Guisela Moro). Strange things start happening; then everything goes awry. Burt Reynolds is featured in a couple sequences. \r\n\r\nThe movie starts like it\u2019s going to be a \u2018cabin in the woods\u2019 flick, except with adults in their mid-to-late 40s. But the story quickly veers from that standard plot in the second act. This is a crime thriller with ghostly elements rather than typical ghost/slasher horror. The movie compellingly shows how facts can be misinterpreted and a person wrongly judged. \r\n\r\nSome of the acting by the peripherals isn\u2019t so great (e.g. the cops in the last act) but, then, the movie only cost $500,000 and Moro had to take what she could get. But the main cast members are all convincing.\r\n\r\nThe issue of sexual immorality is raised and how \u201cYour sin will find you out,\u201d but this is later balanced out with God\u2019s grace. We\u2019ve all effed up, one way or another, and desperately need grace in order to have hope and live free. The film works up some haunting ambiance and the West Virginia locations are a plus.     \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 56 minutes and was shot in West Virginia (Wyoming County, Pineville, Mullens, Ritchie County, Harrisville). ADDITIONAL WRITER: Steve Daron.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [141058, 50023]}