{"tmdb_id": 38555, "title": "Finding Graceland", "original_title": "Finding Graceland", "slug_title": "finding-graceland", "date": "1999-05-21", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f6HrPGh6nAxhX8oekkh6uEcYecc.jpg", "actors": ["Harvey Keitel (Elvis)", "Johnathon Schaech (Byron Gruman)", "Bridget Fonda (Ashley)", "Gretchen Mol (Beatrice Gruman)", "John Aylward (Sheriff Haynes)", "Susan Traylor (Maggie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Low-key road trip with \u201cElvis\u201d about grief, wonder, healing and love\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1998 and directed by David Winkler, \"Finding Graceland\u201d is a drama about a peculiar drifter claiming to be Elvis (Harvey Keitel) who catches a ride with a grief-stricken young man (Johnathon Schaech) and travel from the Southwest to Memphis to make the anniversary of the real Elvis\u2019 death, August 16th. Along the way they run into a Marilyn Monroe impersonator (Bridget Fonda).   \r\n\r\nThe best thing about this film is the intriguing eccentricity of the \u2018Elvis\u2019 character. It takes Burn (Schaech) a long time to catch a grip with him, as it does the viewer: Does \u2018Elvis\u2019 REALLY believe he\u2019s Elvis or is he a con? If he\u2019s a con, why does he throw money on the floor like it\u2019s worthless to him? How could he possibly know the minutia about Elvis that he does? If he\u2019s a drifter, where does he get the kind of cash he can just throw around at whim? True, he may get gigs as an impersonator, but do they seriously pay enough to have his attitude? The answers are there if you reflect on the data.\r\n\r\nIn addition, the road trip element is entertaining and Bridget was in her prime at 33-34. But it\u2019s the characters and the potent themes of grief, wonder, healing and love that win the day. I can see how some would roll their eyes at the hinted fantasy elements, but I found the film touching and heartwarming.         \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 37 minutes and was shot in Hollywood & Tunica, Mississippi; Memphis, Tennessee; and some spots in the Southwest. WRITERS: Jason Horwitch and David Winkler. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": []}