{"tmdb_id": 38575, "title": "The Karat\u00e9 Kid", "original_title": "The Karate Kid", "slug_title": "the-karate-kid", "date": "2010-06-10", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Familial"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque la carri\u00e8re de sa m\u00e8re l'entra\u00eene \u00e0 Benjing en Chine, le jeune Dre Parker doit faire face \u00e0 des changements radicaux. Au bout de quelques jours, il se retrouve m\u00eal\u00e9 \u00e0 une altercation au sein de son \u00e9cole, impliquant Cheng, l'un des gar\u00e7ons les plus dou\u00e9s en Kung Fu et qui lui fait d\u00e9finitivement perdre le respect de ses camarades de classe.T\u00e9moin de cet affrontement, M. Han, professeur de Karat\u00e9 \u00e0 la retraite, embauch\u00e9 par les Parker comme chauffeur et assistant, d\u00e9cide d'aider Dre \u00e0 regagner le respect de son entourage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bucxUHJd1DFy15iHzuXSOoFrObW.jpg", "actors": ["Jaden Smith (Dre Parker)", "Jackie Chan (Mr. Han)", "Taraji P. Henson (Sherry Parker)", "Yu Rong-Guang (Master Li)", "Tess Liu (History Teacher)", "Xu Ming (Bao)", "Wang Ji ()", "Wenwen Han (Meiying)", "Zhensu Wu (Meiying's Dad)", "Zhiheng Wang (Meiying's Mom)", "Zhenwei Wang (Cheng)", "Jared Minns (Dre's Detroit Friend)", "Shijia L\u00fc (Liang)", "Zhao Yi (Zhuang)", "Bo Zhang (Song)", "Luke Carberry (Harry)", "Cameron Hillman (Mark)", "Ghye Samuel Brown (Oz)", "Liang Geliang (Ping-Pong Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A Karate kid which practices Kung Fu for a bad re-make.\r\n\r\nOnly Jackie Chan could be saved from this movie."}, {"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "Well, the theme of the movie is the same as the original Karate Kid BUT this movie is actually not about karate but kung fu. The comedic parts and the dramatic parts are just right. The action is okay. There weren't much especially from Jaden. He just got some action in the end. But then it's enough for the film considering kids will be watching this movie.\r\n\r\n\r\nJaden Smith is amazing in this movie. I kept on saying that Will and Jada Pinkett made a good investment in their son. Just like his parents, he's a great actor. He's good in both drama and comedy. He did well in this movie. There were even \"kilig\" moments with him. I just love him. \r\n\r\n\r\nJackie Chan is of course amazing as well. His character was an older man but that didn't stop him from having a fight scene of his own. We all know he has great comedic timing but I was really impressed when he did his dramatic acting in this movie. It's a different Jackie Chan. And that's what makes him great. He has always something to surprise his audience with.\r\n\r\n\r\nJaden's nemesis is also great. He's scary. But I like the pictures of behind the scenes in the end because it showed that he's not that scary after all. He looks like a nice guy who's friends with Jaden.\r\n\r\n\r\nMy rate for this movie is A. It's a great movie for everyone and I'm not even surprised that it's a box office hit."}], "recommandations_id": [1885, 8856, 5175, 5174], "youtube_key": "2SmmxvHLsKk"}