{"tmdb_id": 385974, "title": "Strike It Rich", "original_title": "Strike It Rich", "slug_title": "strike-it-rich", "date": "1933-11-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Eddie Smart (George Gee) was born clumsy and is a laughing stock at work,  the Sprouto Hair Tonic Company.  One day a phrenologist reads his 'bumps'  and pronounces him another Napoleon. Eddie becomes a changed man and issues  orders to everyone.  Meantime the boss believes Eddie to be the rightful  owner of the company so let's him have his way.  With the boss ill, Eddie  invests heavily in the nutmeg market, almost bankrupting the company.  By  luck the research department discover that nutmeg is the secret ingredient  for the new hair-restorer.  The 1933 British Lion comedy feature film \"Strike It Rich\" starring George Gee and Gina Malo seems to be a 'lost' film on the 35mm cinema film format. However it was released (sadly savagely cut) on the UK Pathescope 9.5mm home movie film format in December 1938.  One musical number was cut from the 9.5mm feature film release, but issued separately in a 9.5mm Pathe Vox Review. This print has this extra item edited back in.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dv1BbDkJ4LlUiM019zyY0ZLVryd.jpg", "actors": ["George K. Gee (Eddie Smart)", "Gina Malo (Mary)", "Davy Burnaby (Humphrey Wells)", "Betty Astell (Janet Wells)", "Ernest Sefton (Sankey)", "Cyril Raymond (Slaughter)", "Wilfrid Lawson (Raikes)", "Hal Walters ((uncredited))", "Ethel Warwick ((uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "r8Oiye2CxYo"}