{"tmdb_id": 38617, "title": "Sa\u00efgon, l'enfer pour deux flics", "original_title": "Off Limits", "slug_title": "saigon-l-enfer-pour-deux-flics", "date": "1988-03-11", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Sa\u00efgon, 1968. Deux flics du CID sont charg\u00e9s d'enqu\u00eater sur le meurtre de 6 prostitu\u00e9es vietnamiennes qui avaient toutes un b\u00e9b\u00e9 dont le p\u00e8re est un soldat am\u00e9ricain. Il semblerait que le coupable soit un am\u00e9ricain. La ville va devenir un enfer pour les deux flics poursuivis par une bande de tueurs...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/46Q5yZaQzV2uavjL6T5fxyKlQ7Z.jpg", "actors": ["Willem Dafoe (Buck McGriff)", "Gregory Hines (Albaby Perkins)", "Fred Ward (Dix)", "Amanda Pays (Nicole)", "Scott Glenn (Colonel Dexter Armstrong)", "Keith David (Maurice)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Murder mystery with a sweaty backdrop.\r\n\r\nOff Limits (AKA: Saigon) is the missing Vietnam film, a film I feel not many have actually seen since I never see it mentioned on the message boards out there in net land. While I have certainly never heard it spoken about when talk of Vietnam films crops up. The film is in essence a who done it police drama, two cops on the streets of Saigon during the war are searching for a high ranking officer who is, erm, offing prostitutes.\r\n\r\nIt is the backdrop of the war that gives the film added substance and lifts it way above average, because we see not only the problems a murder investigation brings, but also the horror of war getting in the way as well. Some damn fine and tidy performances flesh out the characters, with both Gregory Hines & Willem Dafoe as our two stoic and battle weary coppers engaging us from the off, whilst the supporting cast of Fred Ward, Keith David (look out for his dance man!) & Scott Glenn are interestingly watchable; the latter of which who leaves the lasting impression with what has to be the best 5 minutes work he ever did during a brilliant interrogation sequence during a mid-air flight.\r\n\r\nIt's gritty and interesting and deserves to be better known and sought out. It doesn't pull up any trees as regards formula, and it certainly isn't one you will want to go back to time and time again for thrills and spills, but it hits the spot and as the mystery and stifling heat of Vietnam pervades the mood, you will remember watching it long after the credits have rolled. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [50043, 49792, 120328, 31652]}