{"tmdb_id": 386465, "title": "Newcomer", "original_title": "Newcomer", "slug_title": "newcomer", "date": "2015-10-30", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v11AUctKUEza4mxchpb0ne36Ow0.jpg", "actors": ["James Floyd (Alex)", "No\u00e9mie Merlant (Anja)", "Anthony LaPaglia (Daniel)", "Dragan Mi\u0107anovi\u0107 (Donovan Ree)", "Ljubomir Bandovi\u0107 (Blix)", "Jefferson Hall (Louis)", "Vanja Ejdus (Adi)", "Aleksandra Sirki\u0107 (Wife)", "Irfan Mensur (Old Man)", "Branislav Toma\u0161evi\u0107 (Gentry)", "Radoje \u010cupi\u0107 (Man)", "Predrag Ejdus (Brana)", "\u0110or\u0111e Markovi\u0107 (Police Officer)", "Ilija Stojimirovi\u0107 (Husband)", "Neboj\u0161a \u0110or\u0111evi\u0107 (Policeman)", "Robert Longstreet (Douglas)", "Branislav Fistri\u0107 (Cable Guy 1)", "Milan Maksimovi\u0107 (Cable Guy 2)", "Milutin Milo\u0161evi\u0107 (Proctor)", "Bora Neni\u0107 (Drunk Man)", "Katica \u017deli (Old Woman)", "Mladen Sovilj (Young Employee)", "Nikola Fi\u0161ekovi\u0107 (Ree's Assistant)", "Nikola Ivanovi\u0107 (Policeman)", "Dejana Miladinovi\u0107 (Rental Clerk)", "Richard Phillips (Hurried Man)", "Milo\u0161 Jovanovi\u0107 (Past Alex)", "Sr\u0111an Ajvaz (Caffe Owner)", "Dejan Lapto\u0161evi\u0107 (Policeman)", "\u0110or\u0111e Er\u010devi\u0107 (Ticket Clerk)", "Bobi \u0110or\u0111evi\u0107 (Kafana Owner)", "Aleksandar \u0110or\u0111evi\u0107 (TV Speaker)", "Aleksandar Gligori\u0107 (Parka Man)", "Andrijana \u0110or\u0111evi\u0107 (Sleepy Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "FridaB", "content": "Newcomer is an action/agent film with some action but severely flawed by the immense stupidity the main character is showing. As often is the case the 'hero' is showing a life-threathening level of stupidity in order for some exciting scenes to follow. If one manages to see past the immense stupidity - stupidity - there are some action in the film. There is also a story, which is not always the case with action movies, and one may see a hint at what could have been a far better movie if only... Therefore I rate above the lowest. Hmmm, if I use 5 seconds more I might save my life - hmmm I'm not smart enough or care enough to care about my life. Real life? No. Cartoons or ass-bad movies? Yes. \"Do you know why I picked you?\" Your immense stupidity. Almost every detail is wrong. I could start at one end and... But that would be a solid spoiler. But pretend a retxx, I mean a intellectually challenged 8-year old is fighting CIA the there is some entertainment in this film. Hurry with the pole and the flashlight - you still have time to kill yourself.. Remember these words at/when \"six minutes, maybe less.\" I've got a single-stacked handgun that's already emptied."}], "recommandations_id": [356301, 433018, 470614, 494282]}