{"tmdb_id": 386552, "title": "Watchers 5: Let Me In", "original_title": "Watchers 5: Let Me In", "slug_title": "watchers-5-let-me-in", "date": "2012-07-07", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Watchers series has reached new, extraordinary heights, presenting one thrilling segment after another. LA Marzulli and Richard Shaw's ongoing adventures continue with the story of black-eyed children who appear at hotels and car windows, even on boats at sea! They appear with a singular purpose\u2014they want to be invited in! Demons? Alien hybrids? Urban legends? Speaking of legends, our host interviews the leading expert on The Spear of Destiny, the weapon that pierced the side of Christ and supposedly gives its owner the power to rule the world. What significance does the word OBAMA have in the Bible codes, referencing the Gog and Magog war? And what secrets does the North Pole hold? Were Admiral Byrd and Adolf Hitler's suspicions right? Is the Hollow Earth theory credible? There's even more\u2014the latest news from Israel\u2014an interview with David Brennan, author of the Israel Omen\u2014Russian UFOs and new, laboratory revelations from alien implant physician, Dr. Leir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7aWnQeNnilZqz9pkmerB2ZjQBV.jpg", "actors": ["L.A. Marzulli ()", "Gary Stearman ()", "Roger Leir ()", "Matityahu Glazerson ()", "David Brennan ()", "Brooks Agnew ()", "Jonathan Daniels ()", "Dan Gordon ()", "Marshall Masters ()", "Jason Sorel ()", "David Weatherly ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "qig7wSFsuCg"}