{"tmdb_id": 38659, "title": "L'\u00e9toile bris\u00e9e", "original_title": "Ride a Crooked Trail", "slug_title": "l-etoile-brisee", "date": "1958-09-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Un pilleur de banques est pris par erreur pour le nouveau sh\u00e9rif de la ville o\u00f9 il s'est r\u00e9fugi\u00e9. Il sera transfigur\u00e9 par cette charge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9g87a3nZygISth4NG9l58ItEnq0.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Joe Maybe)", "Gia Scala (Tessa Milotte)", "Walter Matthau (Judge Kyle)", "Henry Silva (Sam Teeler)", "Joanna Moore (Little Brandy)", "Mary Field (Mrs. Curtis)", "Leo Gordon (Sam Mason)", "Mort Mills (Pecos)", "Frank Chase (Ben)", "Ned Wever (Attorney Clark)", "Richard H. Cutting (Banker Curtis)", "Bill Walker (Jackson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Middle of the Street.\r\n\r\nRide a Crooked Trail is directed by Jesse Hibbs and adapted to screenplay by Borden Chase from a story written by George Bruce. It stars Audie Murphy, Walter Matthau, Gia Scala, Leo Gordon, Henry Silva and Eddie Little. A CinemaScope/Eastman Color production, music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by Harold Lipstein.\r\n\r\nA blend of the breezy and the beefy here as Audie saddles up as Joe Maybe, a bank robber who after assuming the identity of the detective who was sent to capture him, winds up as the sheriff of a corrupt town. Ironically it\u2019s the town he and his dastardly cohorts had planned for their next big robbery. But as Joe insinuates himself into the company of the town\u2019s better citizens, he begins to doubt his dark side.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s pretty routine as per the bad man trying to turn good axis of Western movie plotting, but there\u2019s a good sense of fun running throughout. Murphy himself seems to really be enjoying himself in the role of Joe Maybe. Leading the front of frivolity is Matthau as the town judge, his capacity for alcohol is as legendary as his ability to find a quip or sarcasm in the most trying of situations. Many of the scenes shared between the two men are most funny, be it hangovers, court room shenanigans or generally sounding each other out, they make for a great pair of characters.\r\n\r\nOf course all this good fun has to ease off for the plot to take its darker turn. Which brings in the villains and the action scenes just as Joe\u2019s conscience starts to gnaw away at him. Costuming is appealing, especially when modelled by Scala, Gershenson provides another one of his lively Western musical scores and Lipstein\u2019s Scope photography makes good use of the gorgeous scenery. It\u2019s a bit creaky in parts and Hibbs sometimes lets the pace sag, but this is good entertainment for Audie and Matthau fans. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38682, 79103, 64368, 97421]}