{"tmdb_id": 38682, "title": "Au m\u00e9pris des lois", "original_title": "The Battle at Apache Pass", "slug_title": "au-mepris-des-lois", "date": "1952-04-01", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'Indiens et Blancs sont sur le point de faire la paix, gr\u00e2ce aux efforts du chef Cochise et du Major Colton, un conseiller aux affaires indiennes fait tout pour raviver le conflit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yGRY3i5xjRDrEmv4JPHouy2aL6n.jpg", "actors": ["John Lund (Maj. Jim Colton)", "Jeff Chandler (Cochise)", "Beverly Tyler (Mary Kearney)", "Bruce Cowling (Neil Baylor)", "Susan Cabot (Nono)", "John Hudson (Lt. George Bascom)", "Jack Elam (Mescal Jack)", "Regis Toomey (Dr. Carter)", "Richard Egan (Sgt. Reuben Bernard)", "Hugh O'Brian (Lt. Robert Harley)", "James Best (Cpl. Hassett)", "Gregg Palmer (Joe Bent (as Palmer Lee))", "William Reynolds (Lem Bent)", "Jay Silverheels (Geronimo)", "Tommy Cook (Little Elk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Cochise does not break his word - it's Geronimo.\r\n\r\nThe Battle at Apache Pass is directed by George Sherman and written by Gerald Drayson Adams. It stars Jeff Chandler, John Lund, Bruce Cowling, John Hudson, Susan Cabot, Jay Silverheels, Gregg Palmer and Jack Elam. Music is by Hans J. Salter and cinematography Charles P. Boyle. A Technicolor production, the location's for the shoot were at Moab, Utah, with Arches National Park, Colorado River, Courthouse Wash, Ida Gulch and Professor Valley forming the backdrops to the story.\r\n\r\nThe film is a fictionalised account of The Bascom Affair of 1861 and the Battle of Apache Pass that occurred in 1862, the latter of which saw the Indians witness for the first time in the region an artillery attack by means of mountain howitzers. It deals in the events that led up to the battle and focuses on the in fighting between Chiricahua warriors Cochise and Geronimo.\r\n\r\nAlthough both Chandler and Silverheels reprise their character roles from Broken Arrow 1950, The Battle at Apache Pass takes place prior to the events depicted in the 1950 movie. As solid as they come story wise, and with beautiful Technicolor scenery, Sherman's film is only really let down by not having acting gravitas in the American roles. Messrs Lund, Cowling and Hudson are OK, but the material needed more assured performers to play off of the excellent Chandler. On the feminine side Cabot does the best with what little she is given to do, while Beverly Tyler, playing a pretty important character narratively speaking, is just a pretty tug-of-war prop device. However, it's easy to look away from the lack of dramatic worth in the acting because Sherman's action set ups are very good, with the actual battle of the title brilliantly constructed in a rock formed valley, featuring reams of extras, lots of war-fare and the thunder of howitzers filling the ears. While Boyle's (Horizon's West/Tomahawk) photography is sumptuous and a credit to the cinematographer's craft. Salter's score, tho, is only standard fare, with familiar Redskin strains for the Indians and drum beat military thrusts for the Cavalry sequences.\r\n\r\nA fine film to look at, with a more than interesting story driving it forward, it sadly, tho, needed more grit from a good portion of the cast. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38659, 64368, 222996, 249134]}