{"tmdb_id": 38680, "title": "40 fusils manquent \u00e0 l'appel", "original_title": "40 Guns to Apache Pass", "slug_title": "40-fusils-manquent-a-l-appel", "date": "1967-05-01", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Un capitaine de cavalerie est charg\u00e9 d'informer et d'amener les populations des environs \u00e0 se r\u00e9fugier \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur du Fort avoisinant face \u00e0 la menace apache. Pour leur d\u00e9fense, les militaires doivent r\u00e9ceptionner des fusils que les Indiens vont essayer \u00e0 tous prix de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer. Un caporal corrompu, tent\u00e9 par le gain de la vente des armes aux Apaches, va trahir l'exp\u00e9dition militaire pour se joindre \u00e0 Cochise.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fWy1UGIdoxzfAxqRP1lf8uurqcW.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Capt. Bruce Coburn)", "Michael Burns (Doug Malone)", "Kenneth Tobey (Cpl. Bodine)", "Laraine Stephens (Ellen)", "Robert Brubaker (Sergeant Walker)", "Michael Blodgett (Mike)", "Michael Keep (Cochise)", "Kay Stewart (Kate Malone)", "Kenneth MacDonald (Harry Malone)", "Byron Morrow (Colonel Reed)", "Willard W. Willingham (Fuller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Just Pass.\r\n\r\n40 Guns to Apache Pass is directed by William Witney and written by Willard and Mary Willingham. It stars Audie Murphy and Kenneth Tobey. Music is by Richard LaShelle and Jaques R. Marquette photographs it in Pathe Color with location work coming at Lovejoy Buttes, Red Rock Canyon and North Ranch in California.\r\n\r\nThe Apaches, led by Cochise (Michael Keep), are on the warpath and vowing to kill all whites they come across. Captain Bruce Coburn (Murphy) is in charge of leading homesteaders out of harms way. But there is unrest in the band of men under his charge and mutiny is afoot.\r\n\r\nThis was the last but one film Murphy made before retiring, you feel that he hoped this would be a fitting swan song to his career. It wasn't. Saddled with a weak script and surrounded by wooden supporting actors, Murphy alone can't make this lacklustre, clich\u00e9 riddled, Western work. There's some nice scenery shot by Witney and Marquette, but with LaShelle scoring it like an episode of Scooby Doo the impact is lost. It would be easy to blame director Witney, a man more than capable of stringing together an action based movie, but asking him to try and make this particular screenplay stretch to over an hour and half was asking for the impossible.\r\n\r\n3/10 for Murphy's manful efforts to carry such a low-budget, routine and forgettable piece."}], "recommandations_id": [145966, 186531, 167769, 71768]}