{"tmdb_id": 387031, "title": "Love Among the Roses", "original_title": "Love Among the Roses", "slug_title": "love-among-the-roses", "date": "1910-05-08", "genre": [""], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "In the Kingdom of Never-Never Land there live a great Lord and Lady, each presiding over their own domain. This great Lord goes for a stroll through his estate and coming to the border of his own land he is struck by the entrancing beauty of the contiguous estate, so like his own, that the inclination to intrude is irresistible. His peregrination is halted by the appearance of the great Lady, who is indeed as fair as the flowers that clothe her land. He introduces himself and invites her to stroll with him in his gardens. She is in like manner entranced by the beauty of his possessions. How alike in beauty are they; a veritable fairyland. If they were only one, for it seems they should be. This thought is mutual, and the Lord proposes a way, a marriage, and so a betrothal of convenience ensues. They know nothing of love and so are content in the anticipation of being Lord and Lady of all Never-Never Land.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3SO93TEs2v7c6EhzQ1oeqbC7vxg.jpg", "actors": ["Henry B. Walthall (The Lord)", "Marion Leonard (The Lady)", "Arthur V. Johnson (The Gardener)", "Mary Pickford (The Lacemaker)", "Kate Bruce (The Lacemaker's Mother)", "Francis J. Grandon (Footman)", "Stephanie Longfellow ()", "Claire McDowell ()", "Alfred Paget (Footman)", "Mack Sennett ()", "Charles West (Footman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}