{"tmdb_id": 38765, "title": "Chisum", "original_title": "Chisum", "slug_title": "chisum", "date": "1970-07-23", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Lincoln, au Nouveau-Mexique, \u00e0 la fin du XIXe si\u00e8cle. John Simpson Chisum, le plus gros propri\u00e9taire terrien du comt\u00e9, ne compte qu'un rival dans la r\u00e9gion : le d\u00e9loyal Lawrence Murphy, qui a mis la main sur les petits commerces et les banques du coin. De plus, Murphy a achet\u00e9 la bienveillance du sh\u00e9rif Brady. Avec l'aide de Pat Garrett, un nouveau venu originaire du Texas, Chisum d\u00e9cide d'attaquer Murphy sur son terrain en ouvrant un bazar et une banque pour concurrencer les \u00e9tablissements de son rival. C'est alors le d\u00e9but d'une guerre ouverte qui d\u00e9chire Lincoln. Billy Bonney, plus connu sous le nom de Billy le Kid, est \u00e9galement impliqu\u00e9 dans l'affrontement...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f7cnGCnwIMaen4heh6IVaypT3AV.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (John Simpson Chisum)", "Forrest Tucker (Lawrence Murphy)", "Christopher George (Dan Nodeen)", "Ben Johnson (James Pepper)", "Glenn Corbett (Pat Garrett)", "Andrew Prine (Alex McSween)", "Bruce Cabot (Sheriff Brady)", "Patric Knowles (Henry Tunstall)", "Richard Jaeckel (Jess Evans)", "Lynda Day George (Sue McSween)", "Geoffrey Deuel (Billy 'The Kid' Bonney)", "Pamela McMyler (Sallie Chisum)", "John Agar (Amos Patton)", "Lloyd Battista (Neemo)", "Robert Donner (Bradley Morton)", "Christopher Mitchum (Tom O'Folliard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Maybe it is because I grew up with watching John Wayne (my father was a big fan of western movies) but I still really like these old goodies with John Wayne. Actually there are few movies with John Wayne that I do not like even though all of them are rather outdated in this age of overkill action and special effects.\r\n\r\nThis is definitely one of the better ones. John Wayne is doing what he does best. That is playing a slightly grumpy, hard-hitting cowboy. The role of Chisum is really perfect for John Wayne. That is not to say that the others are not doing a decent performance but it is really John Wayne that makes this movie.\r\n\r\nThe movie itself is a fairly standard land-grabbing, cattle-steeling and bullying western story were two men spend most of the movie working themselves towards the final confrontation which, as good western tradition prescribes, involves a hearty exchange of gunfire. Just for good measure a bit of fist fighting was thrown in as well.\r\n\r\nThere is nothing special with the story, there is nothing special with the acting, there is nothing special with the footage. It is just that everything is what I would expect, or at least hope for, in this kind of movie. The entire movie is just right in some old-fashioned way. The fact that the ending is reasonably happy is of course an additional plus.\r\n\r\nThis movie is simply great uncomplicated entertainment."}], "recommandations_id": [30708, 18972, 21717, 103886]}