{"tmdb_id": 38766, "title": "Okinawa", "original_title": "Halls of Montezuma", "slug_title": "okinawa", "date": "1951-01-04", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Action / Guerre"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Durant la bataille du Pacifique, une troupe de Marines attaque les positions japonaises et se retrouve dans la jungle, infest\u00e9e d'ennemis. \u00c0 sa t\u00eate, Anderson, un simple professeur de coll\u00e8ge dans le civil, va se transformer peu \u00e0 peu en un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de la guerre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8UpADrZUKhO2Qe6tiCLuyWe2jko.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Widmark (Lt. Carl Anderson)", "Jack Palance (Pigeon Lane)", "Reginald Gardiner (Sgt. Randolph Johnson)", "Robert Wagner (Coffman)", "Karl Malden (C.E. \"Doc\" Jones)", "Richard Hylton (Stuart Conroy)", "Richard Boone (Lt. Col. Gilfillan)", "Skip Homeier (Riley \"Pretty Boy\" Duncanon)", "Don Hicks (Lt. Bill Butterfield)", "Jack Webb (Correspondent Dickerman)", "Bert Freed (Slattery)", "Neville Brand (Sgt. Zelenko)", "Martin Milner (Whitney)", "Philip Ahn (Maj. Kenji Matsuoda (aka \"Nomura\"))", "Joe Turkel (Marine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "From the Halls of Montezuma. To the Shores of Tripoli.\r\n\r\nU.S. Marines battle to take control of a Japanese held island in the Pacific\u2026\r\n\r\nDirected by Lewis Milestone, Halls of Montezuma is unabashed in its flag waving paean to the U.S. Marines. With a strong ensemble cast to act out the play, Milestone intercuts real war footage with skilled recreations of the guts and glory mission undertaken by the men.\r\n\r\nFilm is very keen to let us know what sort of men are fighting this war, keeping the characterisations intimate, it\u2019s a roll call of the brave, the stupid, the scared and the insane. Flashbacks help fill in the gaps of the men\u2019s psychological make ups, and the futility of war message is deftly handled by the astute director.\r\n\r\nColour photography is glossy and impressive, even if it strips away some of the grittiness the story needs to thrive on, and the musical score is kept to a minimum and suitably deals in plays on army anthems. All told it\u2019s a thoroughly engrossing and potent war movie and highly recommended to fans of such fare. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [94641, 80595, 130145, 79496], "youtube_key": "notfound"}