{"tmdb_id": 38808, "title": "Le D\u00e9serteur Du Fort Alamo", "original_title": "The Man from the Alamo", "slug_title": "le-deserteur-du-fort-alamo", "date": "1953-08-07", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la guerre d\u2019ind\u00e9pendance du Texas, la bataille de Fort Alamo fait rage. Prenant conscience que les mexicains gagnent de l\u2019avance, les militaires am\u00e9ricains d\u00e9cident d\u2019envoyer quelqu\u2019un prot\u00e9ger leurs proches, rest\u00e9s au c\u0153ur des terres. Apr\u00e8s un tirage au sort, le destin d\u00e9signe Johnny Stroud. Arriv\u00e9 sur place, le mal est d\u00e9j\u00e0 fait, toutes les familles ont \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9cim\u00e9es par la bande d'un certain Wade. Accus\u00e9 \u00e0 tort de d\u00e9sertion, Johnny va infiltrer le gang de ce dernier pour pouvoir accomplir sa vengeance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wNsaGyRBQJsGWvICZcAjmwL45Uf.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (John Stroud)", "Julie Adams (Beth Anders (as Julia Adams))", "Chill Wills (John Gage)", "Hugh O'Brian (Lt. Tom Lamar)", "Victor Jory (Jess Wade)", "Neville Brand (Dawes)", "Guy Williams (Sergeant)", "John Daheim (Cavish (as John Day))", "Myra Marsh (Ma Anders)", "Jeanne Cooper (Kate Lamar)", "Marc Cavell (Carlos (as Mark Cavell))", "Edward Norris (Mapes)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "He's just an unlucky guy.\r\n\r\nAs the war for Texas independence heightens, the Alamo has become a critical point of time buying interest. Fearing their families will perish under the might of the marauding Mexican army, the men of the Alamo draw lots to see which one of them will flee the Alamo battle to steer the respective families out of harms way. John Stroud is the man faced with the task, but upon reaching his destinations he finds he's too late to save anyone. However, this is just the start of his worries as he finds he has been branded a coward for leaving the Alamo, where all have now perished; while his attempts to avenge the murder of his family are beset with problems at every turn.\r\n\r\nIn truth, no great shakes in the Western genre here, and certainly not even close to being amongst the better work of director Budd Boetticher (The Tall T & Comanche Station) or Glenn Ford (The Big Heat & Blackboard Jungle). It's also not high on production value and doesn't have location vitality to give it an earthy sheen, it still, however, manages to be an entertaining piece putting an interesting offshoot to the Alamo legend. Glenn Ford is a watchable star at the best of times and he manages to keep this picture afloat by putting a bit of cool bravado urgency into the role of John Stroud, with dashes of emotional fortitude, his relationship with the young, recently orphaned Carlos, gives the film its emotional weight, and when that sits alongside the usual array of shoot them up sequences it makes for good honest Western fare.\r\n\r\nOf the supporting cast, Chill Wills and Neville Brand put in some fine work, while there has been far far worse female leads in this genre than the radiant Julie Adams. Of Boetticher's direction? It's just about adequate, where working within the confines of the lot and it's lowly budget origins, he manages to pull it thru; but in truth probably himself cringed at some of the final night time sequences in the cut. He of course, a couple of years down the line, would go on to direct some of the best genre pieces on the market, so he owes the genre fan very little all told. So good and bad here folks, with the good far outweighing the technically bad deficiencies on offer. But I mean come on now, if you can't enjoy Ford having a good old punch up on the brink of a waterfall? Well you're probably better off not watching a 50s B movie Western in the first place then. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43351, 25385, 55762, 94533], "youtube_key": "notfound"}