{"tmdb_id": 388347, "title": "Next Level", "original_title": "The Call Up", "slug_title": "next-level", "date": "2016-07-15", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Un groupe de joueurs en ligne est invit\u00e9 \u00e0 tester un jeu vid\u00e9o dernier cri en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 virtuelle. Ce sont leurs propres vies qui seront en jeu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jywKmYfHEWbnVQVTzhrDdq35Nm1.jpg", "actors": ["Max Deacon (Carl)", "Morfydd Clark (Shelly)", "Ali Cook (Edward)", "Christopher Obi (The Sergeant)", "Tom Benedict Knight (Marco)", "Dino Fazzani (Terrorist)", "Adriana Randall (Taylor)", "Malcolm Modele (Terrorist)", "Parker Sawyers (Andre)", "Boris Ler (Zahid)", "Douggie McMeekin (Adam)", "Jaimi Barbakoff (Wanda)", "Greg Kolpakchi (Terrorist)", "Mac Pietowski (Terrorist)", "Stuart McNeil (Terrorist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "shaun1966", "content": "I really didn't know what to expect from this but I have to say I really liked it! The suspense is on the edge of your seat stuff.\r\nVery timely with all the hype around VR at the moment.\r\nIf you're in to your sci fi it's a must see..."}, {"pseudo": "joncross17", "content": "I caught this at the London Sci-Fi festival where it went down a storm. It has a great premise (a group of gamers take part in a life-like virtual reality game like Call of Duty but things are more dangerous than they first appear...). The production design and direction are superb even with a small budget and there are strong performances throughout. Great fun all round \u2013 highly recommended!"}, {"pseudo": "LR", "content": "An impressive film recommended to passionate gamers and for sci-fi buff. The apparently simple premise has the immediacy of a lost classic: pure, quite gripping and brilliantly transposed on screen. A little cult movie that deserves to be seen!"}, {"pseudo": "Buffytheguitarslayer", "content": "I really loved this film :) I saw it in the cinema and it kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish! It is full of cool twists, sprinkled with a good dash of humour too. (I didn't guess the plot twists which is always a sign of a good film for me!) Think Hunger Games, meets the Matrix - If you like sci-fi you have to see The Call Up!!"}], "recommandations_id": [321039, 90291, 416149, 79078], "youtube_key": "notfound"}