{"tmdb_id": 388399, "title": "Traque \u00e0 Boston", "original_title": "Patriots Day", "slug_title": "traque-a-boston", "date": "2016-12-12", "genre": "Action / Drame / Thriller / Crime / Histoire", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors que la ville de Boston est sous le choc de multiples explosions, le sergent de police Tommy Saunders rejoint les enqu\u00eateurs sur le terrain dans une course contre la montre pour traquer et arr\u00eater les auteurs avant qu'ils ne frappent \u00e0 nouveau. Croisant les parcours de l'agent sp\u00e9cial Richard Deslauriers, du commissaire Ed Davis, du sergent Jeffrey Pugliese et de l'infirmi\u00e8re Carol Saunders, ce r\u00e9cit sans concession \u00e9voque la chasse \u00e0 l'homme la plus complexe jamais mise en \u0153uvre par la police am\u00e9ricaine \u2013 et rend un vibrant hommage aux h\u00e9ros du quotidien.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z4TkNvobtjXTYQKqUvP6gL7LmGz.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Wahlberg (Sgt. Tommy Saunders)", "John Goodman (Commisioner Ed Davis)", "J.K. Simmons (Sgt. Jeffrey Pugliese)", "Kevin Bacon (Richard DesLauriers)", "Michelle Monaghan (Carol Saunders)", "Alex Wolff (Dzhokhar Tsarnaev)", "Themo Melikidze (Tamerlan Tsarnaev)", "Michael Beach (Gov. Deval Patrick)", "Vincent Curatola (Mayor Thomas Menino)", "James Colby (Superintendent Billy Evans)", "Jake Picking (Sean Collier)", "Melissa Benoist (Katherine Russell)", "Jimmy O. Yang (Dun Meng)", "Christopher O'Shea (Patrick Downes)", "Rachel Brosnahan (Jessica Kensky)", "Khandi Alexander (Veronica)", "Lana Condor (Li)", "Dustin Tucker (Steve Woolfenden)", "Lucas Thor Kelley (Leo Woolfenden)", "Martine Assaf (Connie Pugliese)", "Cara Leroy O'Connell\t (Kara)", "Pamela Amicy (Tiesha)", "Brandon Wahlberg (Officer Travis Dixon)", "Kelby Turner Akin (Officer Dic Donohue)", "Billy Smith (Charlie Collins)", "Paige MacLean (Lisa Murphy)", "Adam Trese (John Bradshaw)", "Hampton Fluker (James Williams)", "Jay Giannone (Jimmy)", "Cliff Moylan (Sergeant John MacLellan)", "Curtis J. Bellafiore (Officer Joey Reynolds)", "Elijah Guo (Dias Kadyrbayev)", "Jin Yang Brancalhao (Aza)", "Brent Saunders (Robel)", "Dean Neistat (Michael Butler)", "John Fiore (Michael Thomas)", "Kathy Harum (Carol's Mom)", "Erica McDermott (Jimmy's Girlfriend)", "Peter Berg (Guy Opening MIT Door)", "John Franchi (Park Pedestrian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Terrorism has a religion and we all know which one!**\r\n\r\nOne of the best films recently I have seen. It was based on the real. About the 2013 Boston marathon bombing. This film was an eye opener for me. I mean all I knew was the marathon bombing, but I came to know that was only half, the other half was even more serious events that stretched for like a week after the original event.\r\n\r\nThe best part of the film was, there were no solo heroes in this story. Everybody contributed in some way to fight against the evil. The screenplay was shared by all the great actors, even small role ones equally. I loved how it all went on, as a team from different forces, but tackled the situation by joining the hands. I don't know it was only the film, but very impressive. That's patriotism!\r\n\r\nIn the opening, you could see different people from different places of Boston preparing for the big event. And then they all end up in the same place where a series of explosion goes up. Quickly the security agencies come together and investigate it. With a small clue, kicks starts the manhunt. This is the part I loved it. Hunting pisslam pigs are always so pleasure to watch.\r\n\r\nSuspense, thriller, the story was well paced and took forward with a wonderful ending. Awesome direction. Another hit in a single year alongside 'Deepwater Horizon'. Interesting, Wahlberg involved in both these films. I've also heard that the two screenplays was merged to make a single film. One was a drama and the other one was an action packed story. That's why it was well balanced between everything. From individual's story to together in the events. A must see film.\r\n\r\n_8.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [296524, 300671, 324542, 302946]}