{"tmdb_id": 388402, "title": "Der Schwarze Nazi", "original_title": "Der Schwarze Nazi", "slug_title": "der-schwarze-nazi", "date": "2016-03-31", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "The Congolese Sikumoya faces prejudice and racism on a regular basis. He's accused of not adapting enough to the \"German culture\" and tries harder. A Neo-Nazi group and his mother-in-law push him to the breaking point. While in a coma, his metamorphosis completes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n2YlPEH7AiCagBZ8rLvvSVnvUCp.jpg", "actors": ["Aloysius Itoka (Sikumoya Mumandi)", "Judith Bareiss (Moni Voigt)", "Bernd-Michael Baier (Dirk Eberlein)", "Gerd Ahlemann (Moni's Vater)", "Martina Krompholz (Moni's Mutter)", "Brian V\u00f6lkner (Blonder Nazi)", "Melanie M\u00fcller (Mircos Freundin)", "Milka (Nazi Mirco)", "Ralph Richter (Arzt)", "Katja Preu\u00df (Lehrerin Volkshochschule)", "Anna Hopperdietz (Journalistin Fernsehinterview)", "Claudia Pl\u00f6ckl (Journalistin Fernsehinterview)", "Gert Adelski (Burschenschaftler Nazi)", "Thuy-Van Truong (Volkshochsch\u00fclerin)", "Nikolai Will (Verk\u00e4ufer Tr\u00f6delladen)", "Beate Furcht (Clubbesucherin Roxy)", "Dietmar Voigt (Chef Druk 88)", "Marco Philipp (Band 'Vientos del Caribe' #1)", "Mohi Buschendorf (Band 'Vientos del Caribe' #2)", "Jeannifer Martin (Band 'Vientos del Caribe' #3)", "Orlando Carmona Garcia (Band 'Vientos del Caribe' #4)", "Christoph Baselt (Band 'Vientos del Caribe' #5)", "Christian Weber (Steve Eberlein)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ruben Schoenefeld", "content": "Having watched Dave Chappelle's performance of Clayton Bigsby, \"The Black, White Supremist\" years ago, the basic synopsis sounded pretty familiar, but it being in Germany, in particular, eastern Germany, this felt a lot closer to home for me. Rather than just covering the common stereotypes faced by people who don't _look_ German, this goes deeper in asking the question what exactly _is_ German. Is it the culture? Is it the blood? Is it limited to the specific region, declaring everything that isn't Saxon to be foreign, including the demand to deport Bavarians and Rhinelanders? Is it the German virtues, as for example industriousness, resulting in the deportation of an unemployed Saxon to the Czech Republic? This movie is meant to be uncomfortable and it does a good job at it. In my view one of the better independent movies coming out of Germany recently."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "_FSTBGuHN2s"}