{"tmdb_id": 389053, "title": "The Do-Over", "original_title": "The Do-Over", "slug_title": "the-do-over", "date": "2016-05-27", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un directeur de banque voit sa vie boulevers\u00e9e lorsqu'un ancien ami le convainc de se faire passer pour mort pour tout recommencer \u00e0 z\u00e9ro.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yHz2wt8uSHkWPMwjbJOQH3W9wmF.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Max Kessler)", "David Spade (Charlie)", "Paula Patton (Heather)", "Kathryn Hahn (Becca)", "Nick Swardson (Bob)", "Matt Walsh (Shecky)", "Ren\u00e9e Taylor (Mrs. Kessler)", "Sean Astin (Ted-O)", "Natasha Leggero (Nikki)", "Luis Guzm\u00e1n (Jorge the Shooter Boy)", "Catherine Bell (Dawn)", "Jackie Sandler (Joan)", "Michael Chiklis (Carmine)", "Torsten Voges (The Gymnast)", "Stan Ellsworth (Dakota)", "Dan Patrick (Auto Store Lou)", "Sadie Sandler (Lou's Daughter Sally)", "Sunny Sandler (Lou's Daughter Daisy)", "Xander Paradise (Twin #1)", "Zakk Paradise (Twin #2)", "Jared Sandler (DJ)", "Chris Titone (Musty Swamp Bartender)", "Jonathan Loughran (Grizzly-Looking Biker #1)", "Kevin Grady (Grizzly-Looking Biker #2)", "Robert Smigel (Doctor)", "Dan Bulla (Shooter Boy in Training)", "Vanessa Cater (Bathing Beauty #1)", "Laura Willette (Bathing Beauty #2)", "Timothy Douglas Perez (Grunge The Tattoo Artist)", "Ramiro 'Ramir' Delgado Ruiz (Bank Employee)", "Teo Ciltia (Reunion Guest)", "Omar Cruz Soto (Beachgoer / Surfer)", "Mike Benitez (Puerto Rican Banker)", "Sheila Cochran (Hospital Screamer)", "Ayana Johnson (Reunion Attendant)", "Ryder Tardif (Young Max)", "Samuel Tardif (Young Max)", "Martha B. Knighton (Kitty Litter Customer)", "Jos\u00e9 Nogueras (Puerto Rican Guitarist)", "Sharon Gee (Save & Pay Customer)", "Michael 'Red Bone' Alcott (Reunion Buddy)", "Karina Bonnefil (Bobbi Sue-Cashier (uncredited))", "Anthony Bryant (Reunion Attendee (uncredited))", "Marisol Correa (Hispanic Club Goer (uncredited))", "Rich Lane Disco (Bank Manager (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Austin Singleton", "content": "Adam Sandler is back? Read my full review here.\r\n\r\nhttp://www.hweird1reviews.com/allreviews/the-do-over-review"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Reborn to face even bigger troubles.**\r\n\r\nIt's true that Sandler had lost his Midas touch, but last few films suggest he's back. Still, he's not the same old what he used to be. The time has changed, so he has to adapt to it and I think he's doing okay. Only haters/film critics keep hating him. This is a Netflix production and Sandler in a mysterious role. He teams up with his old school friend and they fake their deaths to begin a new life. But the identities they have borrowed ones are even in the bigger troubles which begins to haunt them as well. So coming out of it is the remaining film to tell.\r\n\r\nThe storyline seems just okay. Since it is not fresh enough, they did not even overuse the concept to build plot with clich\u00e9s. Kind of guessable twists, but it will work for most of the people. Better stunt sequences for such a comedy flick. Good performances and it was a smooth sail according to the film's pace. The director and Sandler had given a few good comedies back then, and this fresh collaboration was decent. So don't believe the film critics (Rotten Tomatoes & Metacritic), elsewhere it is rated much better, but still somewhat underrated. If you are seeking a decent action-comedy, this is worth a try.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [347969, 419700, 339396, 238215], "youtube_key": "x059LW-jjc0"}