{"tmdb_id": 38986, "title": "The Party Animal", "original_title": "The Party Animal", "slug_title": "the-party-animal", "date": "1984-07-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "The Party Animal is a documentary-style comedy about a sex-starved man, Pondo Sinatra, a 26-year-old college student whom everyone agrees is doomed to die a virgin. Desperate to break what seems to be a cosmic curse, he tries ever more bizarre schemes to seduce one the sexy, scantily-clad women who seem to be everywhere, taunting him and enjoying his misery. Despite his best efforts, however, he is rejected everywhere, even at the local cathouse. When Pondo threatens to kill himself, Studley, his ladykilling best friend, tries to help him in his quest to \"get him a little\", as does Studley's mentor, a wise old janitor named Elbow.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lO7wH9DQe05kMKRhe5JKGU4FXhZ.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Causey (Pondo Sinatra)", "Timothy Carhart (Studly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "vanhuffel", "content": "What can I say, this is one of the movies that my group of friends took to heart in the mid 80's. We would, no kidding, watch this once or twice a week for a few years. It was our cult favorite. I found a copy on eBay a few years ago (I think from the folks that produced it). I see it's on Amazon these days.\r\n\r\nThe movie, it's pure teenage bubblegum. Pondo Sinatra is looking to get pussy. The movie is all about how he tries and fails repeatedly. It takes on a Benny Hill-like feel for a while as he goings about his trial and MOSTLY error. But then he has a breakthrough in the chemistry lab and discovers a compound that brings the women on in drives; and there's no way to turn it off. Midas touch. \r\n\r\nThis was really funny when I was 15. I find it funny today. I haven't grown up much. If you can find a copy, give it a look. The Untouchables performance of \"The General\" stands out. See review on Amazon, they pretty much mirror this: Nostalgia, boobies, fun..."}], "recommandations_id": [16405, 241432, 40798, 121822], "youtube_key": "rWmTl-UpXzU"}