{"tmdb_id": 38989, "title": "The Wives He Forgot", "original_title": "The Wives He Forgot", "slug_title": "the-wives-he-forgot", "date": "2006-09-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "Into the small law offices of unlucky-in-love Charlotte St. John stumbles a handsome stranger, bloodied and battered, suffering amnesia. The good Samaritan, she cares for him, nurses him to health ... and falls hard for this mysterious angel. He reciprocates -- and good love finally finds Charlotte. But not for long, for their brief love affair hits the rocks when his identity is uncovered. Together they learn to their heartbreaking disappointment that he's already married ... twice. That's right, he's an amnesiac who forgot his was a bigamist. Though initially crushed that her perfect hero is just another perfect schmuck, Charlotte soon agrees to defend him against the bigamy charges, arguing that his injury has wiped out his former personality. In mounting her defense, she investigates his past ... and discovers that his vengeful wives may have uncovered his dirty bigamist secret months before -- and secretly plotted his violent downfall!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/45NmTGUivGA4txTGdheI9UIjw0i.jpg", "actors": ["Molly Ringwald (Charlotte Saint John)", "Mark Humphrey (Gabriel / Jay Miller)", "Shannon Sturges (Gillian Mathers)", "Maxim Roy (Alicia Miller)", "Ellen Dubin ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}