{"tmdb_id": 389831, "title": "The Easybeats to AC/DC: The Sound of Aussie Rock", "original_title": "The Easybeats to AC/DC: The Sound of Aussie Rock", "slug_title": "the-easybeats-to-ac-dc-the-sound-of-aussie-rock", "date": "2016-02-13", "genre": "", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5VFVIaAOnuRq3jHlaibx6w1MbeG.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Killa-What?", "content": "This TV movie aired on BBC TV is actually only a fraction of what was aired on the Australian ABC. That documentary was Blood+Thunder - The Sound Of Alberts which contains many more in depth interviews. I would advise to hunt that DVD down instead. \r\nHowever being that this episode is an excerpt, it shared a lot of commonality to the above mentioned documentary. It's also narrated by Colin Hay, whereas the Blood+Thunder is narrated by an Aussie David Field.\r\nIt tells the story of how Aussie pub rock developed from the migrant family's of Alberts and the Youngs. From the Beatlemania years of the early 60's with The Easybeats into a tour de force through the 70's and beyond with AC/DC, all from an innocent recording studio in Sydney named J Albert & Sons. The Alberts story wouldn't be complete without interviews with some of their top acts such as Angus Young, Angry Anderson, John Paul Young and of course Harry Vanda among others. Also includes older recorded interviews with departed members like Bon Scott and George Young.\r\nThis film is an OK primer for a TV episode, however true fans will want to go out and get Blood+Thunder for more interviews, lots more high voltage music. Rock on!"}], "recommandations_id": []}