{"tmdb_id": 389972, "title": "What a wonderful family!", "original_title": "\u5bb6\u65cf\u306f\u3064\u3089\u3044\u3088", "slug_title": "what-a-wonderful-family", "date": "2016-03-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Un couple f\u00eate ses 50 ans de mariage. Pour son anniversaire, le mari demande \u00e0 sa femme ce qu'elle veut comme cadeau. Elle lui r\u00e9pond : le divorce. Cette annonce plonge toute la famille dans le chaos le plus total.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7KarFzFYCUTLKKnUJ9L7Bo51Q2o.jpg", "actors": ["Isao Hashizume (Shuzo Hirata)", "Kazuko Yoshiyuki (Tomiko Hirata)", "Masahiko Nishimura (Konosuke Hirata)", "Yui Natsukawa (Fumie Hirata)", "Shozo Hayashiya (Taizo Kanai)", "Tomoko Nakajima (Shigeko Kanai)", "Satoshi Tsumabuki (Shota Hirata)", "Takanosuke Nakamura (Kenichi Hirata)", "Ayumu Maruyama (Nobusuke Hirata)", "Y\u016b Aoi (Noriko Mamiya)", "Nenji Kobayashi (Numata)", "Jun Fubuki (Kayo)", "Takashi Sasano (Custodian)", "Katsumi Kiba (Takamura)", "Tsurube Sh\u00f4fukutei (Doctor)", "Y\u00fbki Tokunaga (Eel Restaurant Delivery Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A long married couple in a fresh hurdle.**\r\n\r\nI thought it would be purely a Japanese style comedy, and it was, but also capable to reach out the world audience. Except the Japanese cultural influence, the story and its characters, how it all were designed can be compared to the films from the rest of the world with a similar theme. If you are a film fanatic or even common people are very familiar with this kind of storyline. So when a film talks about the family issues, some of the clich\u00e9s, especially basic ones are unavoidable. But this is first such film from Japan for me, so I enjoyed every bit of it rather getting disturbed by any deja vu moments.\r\n\r\nThe advantages were the film characters and the cast. Everybody was so good, particularly the veteran actor in the lead. I might be wrong, but it does not look like a B film from Japan. If you research about its popularity online which is less known, but received much better. This film was released last summer and I'm definitely a bit late, but on the right path as its sequel is going to hit the screens in a couple of weeks from now. Since I liked this, I am expecting the next part as well.\r\n\r\nIt's about one big family. When a young couple just got into a fight and talking about divorce, they are going to receive an even bigger surprise when their parents announce their separation after 50 years of marriage. Now everybody from the family turn their focus on them. Some would try to fix it and some are concerned about what's behind it. But seems nothing is getting better. So all these years living together in happy and sad stages of life, now how the family is going to cooperate is prioritised in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\n> \u275dWords don't matter. Feelings do.\u275e\r\n\r\nI don't know what the different between this and 'Tokyo Family'. From the cast and crew to the storyline seems alike, except one is a comedy and the other's a drama. The only way to clarify that, I've to watch that film. By the way this is one of the best family films of the year. It stays up to the expectation of its title name. But not entirely a fun film. Preference for comedy was given only in the initial parts. At some stage it turns into a meaningful one with better dialogues.\r\n\r\nIt might be an under-noticed film, but surely worth checking it out. The end might be too predictable, even though a very fitting solution. I did not mind that, but for some people, that would be a turning point on rating the film. I hope they won't take it very serious, rather to analyse what the film accomplish and according to respect it.\r\n\r\nHow the issue concerns the whole family and from their individual perspective, there are some narrations. But it does not go much deeper than that to explain thoroughly which never required. The overall focus always stayed with the main couple and their daily activities. To reveal how far they have come from without noticing how their relationship shaped all these years.\r\n\r\nIt was awesomely written screenplay, particularly at reusing the essential details to give a better new look. Almost all parts of the film maintained with the same level of rhythm, except the mood that transforms towards stretching the conclusion. It is almost a must see, but I stick with a simple recommendation for those who love drama over a comedy.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [106378, 54690, 25937, 279180], "youtube_key": "yz55D5k6FkA"}