{"tmdb_id": 390062, "title": "Jungle", "original_title": "Jungle", "slug_title": "jungle", "date": "2017-10-14", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Yossi Ghinsberg et deux de ses amis ont surv\u00e9cu pendant trois semaines dans une partie inexplor\u00e9e de la jungle amazonienne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tDgxknTVwrScxpCYyGUjXSn5NRk.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Radcliffe (Yossi)", "Thomas Kretschmann (Karl)", "Alex Russell (Kevin)", "Joel Jackson (Marcus)", "Yasmin Kassim (Kina)", "Luis Jose Lopez (Tico)", "Lily Sullivan (Amie)", "Jacek Koman (Yossi's Father)", "Angie Milliken (Yossi's Mother)", "Joey Vieira (Black Jack Dealer)", "John Bluthal (Uncle Nissim)", "Lucho Velasco (Don Jorge)", "Paris Moletti (Bolivian (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Jungle_ is certainly not my worst film of 2017, but I think it might just be the most disappointing. I'm a **massive** fan of Greg McLean, and the trailer had me proper on board with _Jungle_. Unfortunately, the end result was something capable of capturing my interest only once, and for no longer than a couple of minutes.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Jungle, is not a place for humans anymore as thousands of years ago!**\r\n\r\nA much better, in fact, one of the best biopic about the survival in the wilderness. It is an Australian film about a young Israeli named Yossi, who went for a trekking in the Bolivian jungle with three others, but had got lost and fought for survival. It's 1981, the rainy season is just a corner away, but the four went to find a lost Indian village. After everybody got separated, the remain story told from Yossi's perspective, how he faced the nature's challenges to keep alive and make safely to the human civilisation.\r\n\r\nThe film was very good compared to what the trailer and teaser hinted out. Radcliffe is getting better with his every new film. With performance like this, surely everybody would accept him in the coming days. So we could see him in big projects, in big roles. Good writing and direction, but it was based on the biographical book of the same name. The film was entirely shot in Australia, but you can witness the real South American atmosphere. Something what bothered me was, Yossi an ex army man, so this kind of survival skills is taught in the army camps, yet he was scared and struggle like a normal person. Overall, it is a good film to go for it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [290512, 459910, 76812, 423087], "youtube_key": "ADjYDl1RCGs"}