{"tmdb_id": 390043, "title": "Hitman & Bodyguard", "original_title": "The Hitman's Bodyguard", "slug_title": "hitman-bodyguard", "date": "2017-08-16", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Un redoutable tueur \u00e0 gages est contraint de t\u00e9moigner contre son ancien employeur devant la Cour internationale de justice de La Haye. Interpol est alors charg\u00e9e de l\u2019escorter jusqu\u2019aux Pays-Bas et engage le meilleur garde du corps du m\u00e9tier pour mener \u00e0 bien cette mission. Mais c\u2019\u00e9tait sans savoir que depuis des ann\u00e9es, les deux hommes s\u2019opposent : les voil\u00e0 d\u00e9sormais oblig\u00e9s de s\u2019associer pour tenter de survivre aux pires \u00e9preuves\u2026 De l\u2019Angleterre \u00e0 La Haye, ils vont vivre une aventure d\u00e9lirante, une succession infernale de tentatives de meurtre, de courses-poursuites pour \u00e9chapper \u00e0 un dictateur d\u2019Europe de l\u2019Est pr\u00eat \u00e0 tout pour les \u00e9liminer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5CGjlz2vyBhW5xHW4eNOZIdgzYq.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Reynolds (Michael Bryce)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Darius Kincaid)", "Gary Oldman (Vladislav Dukhovich)", "Salma Hayek (Sonia Kincaid)", "\u00c9lodie Yung (Amelia Roussel)", "Joaquim de Almeida (Foucher)", "Kirsty Mitchell (Rebecca Harr)", "Richard E. Grant (Seifert)", "Yuri Kolokolnikov (Ivan)", "Sam Hazeldine (Garrett)", "Mikhail Gorevoy (Livitin)", "Barry Atsma (Moreno)", "Georgie Glen (ICC Lead Judge)", "Tine Joustra (Renata Casoria)", "Jos\u00e9phine de la Baume (Interpol Agent)", "Rod Hallett (Petr Asimov)", "Abbey Hoes (Flowerstall Clerk)", "Ori Pfeffer (Vacklin)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (CO19 Officer)", "Nadia Konakchieva (Mrs. Asimov)", "Noortje Herlaar (ICC Court Clerk)", "Kirsty Mitchell (Harr)", "Chris Brazier (Garrett's Officer)", "Alan McKenna (Interpol Agent)", "Donna Preston (Sonia's Cell Mate)", "Renars Latkovskis (Dukhovich Merc)", "Samantha Bolter (Coventry Police Officer)", "Alexander Mercury (Hacker Merc)", "Russell De Rozario (Nun Driver)", "Antoin Cox (Amsterdam Bartender)", "Nicolas de Pruyssenaere (Dutch Cop)", "Mounir Margoum (Zidane)", "Velimir Velev (Preacher Murderer)", "Bruno Salgueiro (Speedboat Owner)", "Marko Mandi\u010d (Goran)", "Vladimir Vladimirov (Fabio)", "Zlatka Raikova (Widow)", "Hristo Petkov (Zidane's Soldier)", "Stilyan Mavrov (Semi-Truck Driver)", "Ulyana Chan (Doctor)", "Ilian Emanviov (Burly Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "garethmb", "content": "For professional Bodyguard Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds), life is good. As an elite member of his craft, he is well paid and lives a very good life keeping high-profile targets safe the world over. When things unexpectedly take a turn we find Michael two years on having hit the skids and struggling to claw his way back to prominence in the new film \u201cThe Hitman\u2019s Bodyguard\u201d.\r\nThings become complicated for Michael as a despotic tyrant named Dukhovich (Gary Oldman) is on trial for war crimes and countless atrocities, and is about to go free due to removing all those who would be able to testify against him with credible evidence.\u00a0 That is with the exception of one Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson).\u00a0 Darius is incarcerated but makes a deal to testify in exchange for his wife (Selma Hayek), being granted freedom.\u00a0 Darius knows he is a marked man but takes the chance and under the watch of Interpol Agent Roussel (Elodie Yung), they set off.\r\nNaturally things do not go as planned and the two find themselves fleeing for their lives with numerous deadly assassins hot on their heels.\u00a0 Unsure who she can trust, Roussel calls in Michael even though they have some seriously unresolved issues about one another that destroyed their previous relationship. Further complicating matters is the history Michael and Darius share which makes them naturally hostile to one another.\r\nNevertheless, Michael and Darius set off to reach the courtroom but the imposed deadline and face numerous dangers and hilarious situations along the way.\r\nJackson and Reynolds work very well with one another and their banter and chiding comes across as very natural.\u00a0 The jokes come more often than I expected but the film is very much an action film, and the sequences are intense, funny, and gripping, especially and extended chase and fight sequence along the canals and shopping district of Amsterdam.\r\nWhile some may say that the film is just a variation on the Buddy Cop genre of old, the strong cast and the winning mix of jokes and action make the film a very pleasant surprise and one of my more enjoyable films of 2017. It was a highly-enjoyable thrill ride and one of the best films this summer.\r\nIf you are a fan of action, comedies, and the pairing of Jackson and Reynolds, do not miss this film.\r\n4 stars out of 5."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_The Hitman's Bodyguard_ is getting absolutely flensed by the critics, including several of whom I personally value the opinion of very highly. But when it comes to _The Hitman's Bodyguard_, I gotta flat out disagree. It's not out here changing lives for the better, and it's hardly gonna ride out the year on a palanquin of Oscar nominations, but I had a seriously enjoyable time with The Hitman's Bodyguard. Jackson and Reynolds worked. The leads and their respective romantic entanglements worked. Most of all, director Patrick Hughes worked his ass of to blend comedy, action and romance and have it pay off. This isn't Hughes' best work though, if you want to see that, check out 2010's _Red Hill_.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Once upon a time two sworn enemies teamed up!**\r\n\r\nMaybe the critics are right, but like usual, I don't have to agree with them. This is a nice film, not a great film as a few people lauding. It is entertaining. All the stunts were good, comedies were good enough, but the basic plot itself a cliche. Yes, anybody aged 20+ would surely have seen many similar storied films. It's just in another time with another cast and crew. They had promoted it so well. So the result was incredible. But in reality JUST one time watchable film with not expecting serious laughs.\r\n\r\nInitially I thought it could be this year's 'The Nice Guys', and they are about to repeat the same magic of Crowe and Gosling duo. But it was different. Too hard hitting, just what Tarantino fans would like to have. Besides, their guy, Samuel L. Jackson is here. Both the leads were good. That does not mean they have saved the film. That's an assumption of fanboys. Luck could be another factor!\r\n\r\nIt was about a hitman in capture decides to give an important testimony in the International Criminal Court against a powerful man. So now the bad guys are after him in his every move from England to Holland. A demoted bodyguard takes the job to safely get him to his destination. Their journey begins where they are going to encounter a series of obstacles and they finally make it where a major twist comes in before the end.\r\n\r\nAs I said, this is no special, except the way they have presented on the screen makes the difference. But again, not all films are lucky in that criteria as this one. It is like one in a 20-25 films. So if your objective is timepass, then this will do just fine. There could be a sequel, probably prequel seems a nice idea. But I'm not sure whether I want it or not. I'll just be happy if they do!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [337170, 343668, 353491, 399170], "youtube_key": "IpKmt4MpctM"}