{"tmdb_id": 39043, "title": "Comtesse Dracula", "original_title": "Countess Dracula", "slug_title": "comtesse-dracula", "date": "1971-01-31", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "La comtesse Elisabeth d\u00e9couvre \u00e0 la suite d'un accident que le sang de sa servante peut lui apporter la jeunesse \u00e9ternelle. Elle ordonne que la jeune femme soit assassin\u00e9e, et vid\u00e9e de son sang pour qu'elle puisse s'en impr\u00e9gner. D\u00e9sormais, la comtesse a trouv\u00e9 le visage de ses vingt ans. Mais cet acte sanglant ne durera pas \u00e9ternellement : il lui faudra assassiner d'autres innocentes victimes pour continuer d'appara\u00eetre sous sa jeune et belle forme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z581UpqoJOaZFERBtMUvr9lZm5a.jpg", "actors": ["Ingrid Pitt (Countess Elisabeth Nodosheen)", "Nigel Green (Captain Dobi the Castle Steward)", "Sandor El\u00e8s (Lt. Imre Toth)", "Maurice Denham (Master Fabio, Castle Historian)", "Patience Collier (Julie Sentash the Nurse)", "Peter Jeffrey (Captain Balogh - Chief Bailiff)", "Lesley-Anne Down (Ilona Nodosheen, Elisabeth's Daughter)", "Andrea Lawrence (Ziza)", "Susan Brodrick (Teri the Countess Chambermaid)", "Leon Lissek (Sergeant of Bailiffs)", "Nik\u00e9 Arrighi (Gypsy Girl)", "Marianne Stone (Kitchen Maid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Countess Bathory.\r\n \r\nCountess Dracula is directed by Peter Sasdy and written by Jeremy Paul. It stars Ingrid Pitt, Nigel Green, Sandor Eles, Maurice Denham, Patience Collier and Lesley-Anne Down. Out of Hammer Film Productions, music is by Harry Robertson and Eastmancolor cinematography by Kenneth Talbot. \r\n \r\nWhy didn\u2019t they just call it Countess Bathory? Or just Elizabeth Bathory? Film has nothing to do with Dracula or Vampires, and is basically an interpretation of Madame Bathory, who back in olde Hungary killed any number of girls for kicks and a vain belief that bathing in virginal blood would keep her young. It\u2019s this last aspect that Hammer focus on, unfurling a story where the Countess strikes on the secret of eternal youth, and who then promptly has her daughter kidnapped and proceeds to impersonate her. Thus with that she gets to romance a young man, but of course as the bodies start to pile up, and the Countess\u2019 suitor and confidant's begin to get their noses pushed out of joint, things quickly go downhill fast.\r\n \r\nAs a technical production it\u2019s good Hammer fare. Costuming, colour photography, set design and acting performances are perfectly pleasing. Unfortunately it\u2019s all very predictable, and worse still considering the plot points of interest, it\u2019s pretty bloodless, playing out as some sort of period based drama with the odd bit of dastard behaviour thrown in for good measure. Nothing really happens to perk up the story, and sadly the finale is something of a damp squib. The red blooded amongst us can\u2019t help but enjoy the twin lovelies of Pitt and Down, and the wonderful Nigel Green can\u2019t believe his luck as he gets to canoodle with our Ingrid! But all told it\u2019s not very sexy, not very horror and only works as a good period drama if you set expectation at that level. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Hammer\u2019s Gothic drama/horror based on the infamous Countess Bathory\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1971-1972 and directed by Peter Sasdy, \"Countess Dracula\" chronicles events in medieval Hungary where the aging Countess Elisabeth (Ingrid Pitt) cruelly reigns with her Steward, Captain Dobi (Nigel Green).  She discovers that washing in the blood of maidens makes her youthful and orders her servants to apprehend victims. Pretending to be her daughter, Ilona, the Countess seeks the affections of a young Lieutenant, Imre Toth (Sandor El\u00e8s). Maurice Denham plays the wise old scribe of the castle, Master Fabio, while Lesley-Anne Down appears as the real Ilona, held captive by a mute peasant.\r\n\r\nThe real Elizabeth B\u00e1thory lived in \u010cachtice Castle, which was surrounded by a village and crop lands (and still is), bordered by bluffs of the Little Carpathians in Hungary. Her chief servant was into witchcraft and encouraged Bathory in her diabolic endeavors. Patience Collier plays this role in the movie, but she\u2019s not a witch.\r\n\r\nMore than 300 witnesses testified to Bathory\u2019s atrocities with Priests, noblemen and commoners being questioned. Her crimes included cruel beatings, burning of hands, mutilation, biting the flesh off of faces, as wells as limbs and other body parts, freezing to death or starving. Her early targets were serving girls 10-14 years old, the kin of local peasants, who were usually lured to the castle as well-paid servants. She later was said to have apprehended daughters of the lesser nobility, which was the beginning of the end.\r\n\r\nIn those times Hungarian nobles were allowed to reprove their servants by whatever means they saw fit, even death, and were not reprimanded for it, which obviously facilitated Bathory\u2019s offenses. Three of four of her closest servants were executed and she was under house arrest limited to one room the last four years of her life. She died at 54 in 1614. While some argue that she was politically set-up, and that\u2019s always a possibility, there\u2019s just too much documentation verifying her crimes to dismiss them. The incredible number of her victims (650) is probably exaggerated and the bathing-in-blood angle is likely just lore emerging well after her death.\r\n\r\nThe film\u2019s cheesy title is figurative because there\u2019s no vampirism; \u201cDracula\u201d was a hot item at the time and producers simply hoped to capitalize on the name. Yet there is the supernatural element of becoming young & beautiful again. It\u2019s an engaging theme because most aging women (and men) long to restore the beauty of their prime. Have you ever seen a woman in her late 50s or whatever acting like she\u2019s a college girl on spring break? It\u2019s pathetic.\r\n\r\nIn any case, this is a quasi-historical drama with gothic horror. I love the castle & sets, the costumes and torch-lit hallways. It brings to life the late/post Medieval Age. Some parts are predictable (e.g. the outcome of the closing wedding), but the story is compelling and gives you a good taste of feudal life in central Europe back then.\r\n\r\nOn a side note, Lesley-Anne Down was one of the most beautiful women to walk the earth in the 70s-90s and she was only around 16.5 years-old during shooting. While her screen time is scant in the first two acts, she comes to the fore in the final act and is definitely a highlight.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 33 minutes and was shot in Iver Heath, Buckinghamshire, England. WRITERS: Jeremy Paul (screenplay) and Alexander Paal (story) inspired by Valentine Penrose\u2019s book \u201cThe Bloody Countess: Atrocities of Erzs\u00e9bet B\u00e1thory.\u201d\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [29960, 3104, 18979, 28801], "youtube_key": "uUtyVg4a6zs"}