{"tmdb_id": 390777, "title": "Un mec ordinaire", "original_title": "Ordinary World", "slug_title": "un-mec-ordinaire", "date": "2016-10-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Perry travaille pour le magasin familial. Lorsque sa femme avocate et sa fille oublient son 40\u00e8me anniversaire, son fr\u00e8re le prend en piti\u00e9 et lui donne l'argent pour organiser une f\u00eate dans un riche h\u00f4tel new-yorkais. Durant la f\u00eate, le pass\u00e9 d'ancien punk de Perry ressurgit...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f8En4XqWOIXkBcGyiVbgSHoH8Ro.jpg", "actors": ["Billie Joe Armstrong (Perry)", "Fred Armisen (Gary)", "Judy Greer (Christy)", "Selma Blair (Karen)", "Chris Messina (Jake)", "Madisyn Shipman (Salome)", "Don Guillory (Sweeney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A struggling ex musician on his birthday.**\r\n\r\nWe always ask for something new. Not to repeat the same old story with different cast. After avoiding the so called major clich\u00e9s, this is how a film looks like. I'm not saying it is a fresh story, but a refreshed minor league film. It is a decent comedy-drama and much better than many mainstream films from these days. So I enjoyed watching it.\r\n\r\nI don't know who is this guy in the lead, but came to know he's a musician who played one this film as well. At first I thought it was Aaron Paul, then his brother, though, he was good in the role. The rest of the casting was good as well. It is a one day tale, that follows on the birthday of a married ex musician struggling with his life.\r\n\r\nI think I liked the narrative, but too simple. Anyway, it ended so well. It was a much better film than the others saying. It could not be as good as I'm saying to you, but definitely not a bad flick. That's what you have to understand if you are not sure about giving it a try. I would surely suggest it for the people with low expectation, but not a must see film.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [333319, 198318, 474063, 118491]}