{"tmdb_id": 391060, "title": "President Trump: Can He Really Win?", "original_title": "President Trump: Can He Really Win?", "slug_title": "president-trump-can-he-really-win", "date": "2016-03-30", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Donald Trump has emerged as the clear front runner for the Republican Presidential Nomination. Matt Frei investigates whether \"The Donald\" could make it all the way to the White House.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zZRH48Fk08C0XfMLtQYoo8gPMvl.jpg", "actors": ["Matt Frei (Presenter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Moje", "content": "When anger meets bigotry, the outcome could be President Trump, as Matt Frei\u2019s campaign-trail documentary makes clear. \r\n\r\nFrom the hair alone you may infer the Donald. Ridiculous, unconstrained by normal rules of reason, taste and decency, and yet, against all the odds, surviving.\r\n\r\nSo we must turn, with darkening eyes and heavy hearts, to the documentary by Channel 4\u2019s Europe editor Matt Frei, which posed the question that would have seemed as ridiculous as the hair even three months ago \u2013 President Trump: Can He Really Win?\r\n\r\nFrei follows Trump on the campaign trail as the bumptious billionaire promises to pay the legal fees of anyone disposed to \u201cknock the crap\u201d out of any press at his rallies, calls Hillary Clinton \u201cin a certain way, evil\u201d and asks his followers \u2013 who call his campaign \u201ca movement\u201d \u2013 rhetorically, \u201cIs she crooked or what?\u201d. All while he lays out his three-point plan to make America great again: ban Muslims from entering, deport 11 million illegal immigrants and \u2013 most famously, risibly and so far effectively \u2013 build a wall between it and Mexico.\r\n\r\nThe documentary is a comprehensive tour of what someone unfettered by interests other than his own can do by tapping into a groundswell of genuine and legitimate anger (among the increasingly disenfranchised white working class \u2013 three-quarters of Americans, as journalist and author Ron Suskind pointed out, effectively haven\u2019t had a pay rise in 40 years), and bigotry that is aggravated when people are under pressure. He promises much; he sounds, if not authentic, then at least different from and \u201crealer\u201d than his establishment counterparts on each side of the political divide. \u201cHe\u2019s his own man,\u201d says one supporter, \u201cdoing it for the American people.\u201d\r\n\r\nFrei ably outlined Trump\u2019s progress, the ingredients of his success, the disapplication of normal rules (such as the fact that some evangelical Christians are swarming around a thrice-married candidate who \u201cdoesn\u2019t want to get into specifics\u201d when quizzed about his favourite Bible verse) and the problems he is causing for the Republican party. But nothing spoke more eloquently than the look of barely controlled fury on the face of the Republican national security adviser, Commander Bryan McGrath. \u201cThe man is charting a course that will exacerbate America\u2019s decline in the world and will create civil unrest within his border,\u201d he said, spitting the words out as if he wished every one were a bullet aimed at the Donald\u2019s heart. \u201cThis is what we\u2019re stuck with.\u201d\r\n\r\nMeanwhile, Trump continues to win primaries and gather support with promises such as the one to \u201cbring back waterboarding \u2013 and a hell of a lot worse!\u201d. Democratic congressman Luis Guti\u00e9rrez insists that in 2016, you can\u2019t spend a campaign insulting and alienating Muslims, immigrants, women, African-Americans and anyone else who doesn\u2019t look exactly like you, and still cobble together an electoral majority at the end. Next to McGrath, he looked like a mindlessly blind optimist. After everything we had been shown, it didn\u2019t seem at all too much of a stretch to think that 2016 might be exactly the year you could do that.\r\n\r\n~Lucy Mangan"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}