{"tmdb_id": 391274, "title": "Iru Mugan", "original_title": "\u0b87\u0bb0\u0bc1 \u0bae\u0bc1\u0b95\u0ba9\u0bcd", "slug_title": "iru-mugan", "date": "2016-09-08", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Akhilan est un officier du service secret indien le RAW. Il part en mission apr\u00e8s l\u2019attaque de l\u2019ambassade de l\u2019Inde en Malaisie. Cette attaque aurait \u00e9t\u00e9 orchestr\u00e9e par un certain Love, un transgenre. Au moment o\u00f9 Akhilan s\u2019approche de Love, ce dernier a une bonne longueur d\u2019avance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hDXsugXi4fqiQaBWjnfotsqlqAe.jpg", "actors": ["Vikram (Akhilan / Love)", "Nayanthara (Halena)", "Nithya Menen (Aayushi)", "Nassar ()", "Thambi Ramaiah (Muthaiah)", "Yugi Sethu ()", "Bala ()", "Karunakaran ()", "Riythvika ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "If Anand Shankar's previous film Arima Nambi had echoes of K Bhagyaraj's Rudhra, the set-up of his Iru Mugan recalls that of Kamal Haasan's Vikram. An intelligence officer is tasked with investigating and foiling a nefarious plot. The mastermind behind the plot is the man who killed his wife, and he is now conducting his operation from a foreign nation. So, the officer has to go there with a female sidekick in tow and save the day. Here, it is Akilan (Vikram, with beard), a RAW agent who goes after Malaysia to capture Love (Vikram, with prosthetics), an anarchist and a brilliant knowledge about chemicals, to avenge the murder of his wife Meera (Nayanthara, whose character feels underwritten despite a terrific twist). He is accompanied on this mission by Ayushi (Nithya Menen, in a rather minor role), a trainee officer.\r\n\r\nWith Arima Nambi, Anand Shankar showed us that he has a flair for Hollywood-ish action thrillers. Iru Mugan, too, feels like something that Hollywood might have come up with. There is a high-concept involving a super drug that increases one's adrenaline and turns ordinary men into supermen for five minutes. The villain is an over-the-top figure who seems to indulge in evil acts not out of any agenda, but more because he relishes the chaos he can create in the world. There is also a clever twist involving the heroine that is actually borrowed from Fast & Furious 6. The characters look chic and the visuals have a sheen that we don't usually see in our films here.\r\n\r\nBut, unlike the first half of Arima Nambi, where Anand Shankar hardly deviated from the plot, here, perhaps because he is working with a star, he settles for compromises \u2014 forced comedy by Thambi Ramaiah, who appears as a cop in Malaysia, that sits uneasily with the seriousness of the hero's mission (it is a stark contrast to what the director achieved with MS Bhaskar in Arima Nambi); a melodramatic character, played by Riythvika, who seems to have dropped in from another film (perhaps Kabali, given that she plays a similar character here); the ease with which Akilan and Ayushi trace the whereabouts of Love, who is built up to be a cunning person; clumsy exposition that is provided through a character (Karunakaran) who seems to exist just for this purpose (the guy works for the villain, but is only too eager to tell everything he knows of his plans to the hero); the several logic leaps (for example, the almost magical recovery by the hero in the climax after taking the super drug, which we are told leaves a person drained for hours after the five-minute mark).\r\n\r\nAnd yet, the film works... to an extent. And that is mainly because the director gives an antagonist who is more than an equal to the hero. His Love seemed to be more of an indulgence in the promos, especially because of Vikram's predilection towards gimmicky roles, but the character works in the film, and keeps us in thrall. And the actor nails both the mannerisms and the modulation of this character. The film feels alive whenever this character is on screen, and that is why the second half \u2014 despite the implausible scenes \u2014 comes across as more engaging than the initial portions."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**About the bio-war.**\r\n\r\nA simple but an effective storyline. A refreshing action-sci-fi that had a few flaws. First of all it was unnecessary the lead actor playing the both good and negative roles. That gives the impression how character obsessed these actors are. Yep the negative role was powerful, so if someone better actor in the part would have been much better for cinema. That's the major setback in this and the rest of the film is enjoyable.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of an ex Indian agent who brought in back for a special mission. The death of his wife and this new organisation has something in common. So he has to find out what's it and if they are the same gang, then it'll be the revenge time. The remaining film is a cat and mouse game, and how it all ends was told with a final face off between two men.\r\n\r\nI liked the story, but many scenes were so clich\u00e9. Besides, the songs were disadvantaged. Indians might enjoy that, not the international audience, because it disturbed the rhythm of the fine story of an agent. The stunts were okay, the cinematography was good. Actors, actresses, all were excellent. Even that sci-fi theme was impressive. Somehow they have missed to turn it into a masterpiece. So once watchable film, a decent agent film like this won't come easy from India.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [256968, 78686, 20731, 408475]}