{"tmdb_id": 391713, "title": "Lady Bird", "original_title": "Lady Bird", "slug_title": "lady-bird", "date": "2017-09-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Christine \u00ab Lady Bird \u00bb McPherson se bat d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment pour ne pas ressembler \u00e0 sa m\u00e8re, aimante mais but\u00e9e et au fort caract\u00e8re, qui travaille sans rel\u00e2che en tant qu\u2019infirmi\u00e8re pour garder sa famille \u00e0 flot apr\u00e8s que le p\u00e8re de Lady Bird a perdu son emploi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iySFtKLrWvVzXzlFj7x1zalxi5G.jpg", "actors": ["Saoirse Ronan (Christine \"Lady Bird\" McPherson)", "Laurie Metcalf (Marion McPherson)", "Tracy Letts (Larry McPherson)", "Lucas Hedges (Danny O'Neill)", "Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet (Kyle Scheible)", "Beanie Feldstein (Julianne \"Julie\" Steffans)", "Lois Smith (Sister Sarah Joan)", "Stephen Henderson (Father Leviatch)", "Odeya Rush (Jenna Walton)", "Jordan Rodrigues (Miguel McPherson)", "Marielle Scott (Shelly Yuhan)", "John Karna (Greg Anrue)", "Jake McDorman (Mr. Bruno)", "Bayne Gibby (Casey Kelly)", "Laura Marano (Diana Greenway)", "Marietta DePrima (Miss Patty)", "Daniel Zovatto (Jonah Ruiz)", "Kristen Cloke (Ms. Steffans)", "Andy Buckley (Uncle Matthew)", "Paul Keller (Parish Priest)", "Kathryn Newton (Darlene Bell)", "Myra Turley (Sister Gina)", "Bob Stephenson (Father Walter)", "Abhimanyu Katyal (Friendly Banker)", "Chris Witaske (Business Jock)", "Ben Konigsberg (David From College)", "Gurpreet Gill (Convenience Store Clerk)", "Richard Jin Namkung (Cool Coffee Manager)", "Joan Patricia O'Neil (Danny's Grandmother)", "Robert Figueroa (Cast Removal Doctor)", "Carla Valentine (Guidance Counselor)", "Roman Arabia (Luis Cruz)", "Monique Edwards (NYC Nurse)", "Matthew Maher (NYC Man on Street)", "Anita Kalathara (Prom Chairwoman)", "Debra Miller (Saleswoman Joyce)", "Georgia Leva (Senior Class Candidate)", "Derek Butler (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "London Thor (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Shaelan O'Connor (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Christina Offley (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Sabrina Schloss (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Connor Mickiewicz (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Erik Daniells (\"Merrily We Roll Along\" Performer)", "Cynthia Cales (Immaculate Heart of Mary Teacher)", "Giselle Grams (Immaculate Heart of Mary Teacher)", "Ithamar Enriquez (Driving Instructor)", "Luisa Lee (Young Lady)", "Danielle Macdonald (Another Young Lady)", "Adam Brock (Band Lead Singer)", "Bonnie Jean Shelton (Fab 40s Realtor)", "Rebecca Light (Mr. Bruno's Wife)", "Janet Song (Administrator (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Innovator", "content": "This movie was ok (it wasn't boring nor was it very entertaining). At first I didn't understand the point it was trying to make. Was it you can shortcut your way to your dreams if you lie, cheat, and steal (as that was exactly what she did)? It wasn't about the pressures of class division (as a review I read states), as no one treated her as any differently regardless of her social status and any division she felt was just in her head. Her anxiety against her parents, the school, and the upper class of her school turned out to be non-issues, and when she got to where or what she wants, she just finds that the grass never gets greener for her once she was on the other side. In fact, she just becomes resented by those she abandons to get there and ultimately ends up longing for the side she left. \r\n\r\nIf anything the movie was saying that those who are rich aren't as unexclusive as those without think, and they are just like everyone else. Just as the main protagonist was rebelling against her life to gain acceptance, so were the kids of the rich in that they are also just seeking acceptance. That doing anything to get your dreams won't lead to satisfaction as life on the other side isn't any better, you just end up hurting others by getting there that way, and in hindsight blinded you from what you already had. \r\n\r\nI guess the movie had something to say after all.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Not dull, nor was it very entertaining."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I think _Lady Bird_ is my film for 2017 where me and everyone else on the planet just straight up do not see eye to eye. At no point during _Lady Bird_ did I feel drawn in. I genuinely did not enjoy my time with Greta Gerwig's directorial debut. I haven't come across a single other person who feels the same, but I must be honest to my experience.\r\n\r\nNormally this is where I would say something along the lines of, \"It's just because this isn't my sort of movie\" except that last year _Edge of Seventeen_ dealt with virtually identical subject matter and that was one of my favourite movies of the year.\r\n\r\nSo I'm just wrong I guess?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [398818, 389015, 359940, 400617], "youtube_key": "YXXm3I64pLA"}