{"tmdb_id": 391962, "title": "Badlands of Kain", "original_title": "Badlands of Kain", "slug_title": "badlands-of-kain", "date": "2016-01-01", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5pUvjOPDq2wuqsNq9kuOnCjBRAs.jpg", "actors": ["Rachelle Dimaria (Shannon)", "Katrina Norman (Kris)", "Paul Soter (Terry)", "Jordan Belfi (Mack)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\u201cYou can checkout anytime you like, but you can never leave\u201d\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2016 and directed by Andy Palmer, \"Badlands of Kain\" chronicles events when two young women (Rachelle Dimaria & Katrina Norman) embark on a road trip from Southern California to Flagstaff, but breakdown near Kain, Arizona, where the people are weird.\r\n\r\nThis is a low budget indie mystery/horror, but it\u2019s professionally made. The plot is a little reminiscent of \u201cMessiah of Evil\u201d (1973) with elements of \u201cPsycho\u201d (1960/1998). It plays like a movie-length Twilight Zone episode, albeit set in the modern day. The story needed tightened up, however; 20 minutes could\u2019ve easily been shaved off the runtime. But I didn\u2019t really mind; the two females kept my attention, especially Katrina Norman. Speaking of which, the creators kept things tasteful with only one tame underwear sequence and no nudity.   \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 48 minutes and was shot in Lake Isabella, Kernville & Bakersfield, California. WRITER: Rachelle Dimaria, who plays the protagonist, Shannon.  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}