{"tmdb_id": 392044, "title": "Le crime de l'Orient-Express", "original_title": "Murder on the Orient Express", "slug_title": "le-crime-de-l-orient-express", "date": "2017-11-03", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Le luxe et le calme d\u2019un voyage en Orient Express est soudainement boulevers\u00e9 par un meurtre. Les 13 passagers sont tous suspects et le fameux d\u00e9tective Hercule Poirot se lance dans une course contre la montre pour identifier l\u2019assassin, avant qu\u2019il ne frappe \u00e0 nouveau. D\u2019apr\u00e8s le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre roman d\u2019Agatha Christie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iBlfxlw8qwtUS0R8YjIU7JtM6LM.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth Branagh (Hercule Poirot)", "Pen\u00e9lope Cruz (Pilar Estravados)", "Willem Dafoe (Gerhard Hardman / Cyrus Hardman)", "Judi Dench (Princess Natalia Dragomiroff)", "Johnny Depp (Samuel Ratchett / John Cassetti)", "Josh Gad (Hector MacQueen)", "Derek Jacobi (Edward Masterman)", "Leslie Odom Jr. (Dr. Arbuthnot)", "Michelle Pfeiffer (Caroline Hubbard / Linda Arden)", "Daisy Ridley (Mary Debenham)", "Tom Bateman (Mr. Bouc)", "Olivia Colman (Hildegarde Schmidt)", "Lucy Boynton (Countess Helena Andrenyi)", "Marwan Kenzari (Pierre Michel)", "Manuel Garcia-Rulfo (Biniamino Marquez)", "Sergei Polunin (Count Rudolph Andrenyi)", "Miranda Raison (Sonia Armstrong)", "Phil Dunster (Colonel John Armstrong)", "Hayat Kamille (Susanne Michel)", "Joseph Long (Imam)", "Gerard Horan (Aynesworth)", "Rami Nasr (Mr. MacQueen)", "Adam Garcia (Italian Fan)", "Ziad Abaza (Ship Mate)", "Asan N'Jie (Waiter)", "Ekran Mustafa (Local Person)", "Andy Apollo (Armed Policeman)", "Sid Sagar (Attendant)", "Michael Rouse (British Chief Inspector)", "Matthew Hawksley (Waiter)", "Kate Tydman (Chef)", "Pip Jordan (Kitchen Car Sous Chef)", "Yasmin Harrison (Dining Car Sous Chef)", "Lampros Kalfuntzos (Local person)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I am a great fan of Agatha Christie in general and Hercule Poirot in particular. When yet another remake of Murder on the Orient express came out I was somewhat hesitant. After all, the one with David Suchet was perfect.\r\n\r\nI guess I was right to be hesitant. This is another one of those remakes where you just wonder\u2026why? As a movie it is not too bad but as a Hercule Poirot movie, the classical Murder on the Orient Express no less, it is like buying a piece of prime filet of beef and discovering that the butcher gave you chicken drums when you open the package. Edible but not at all what you paid for.\r\n\r\nTo me this movie was a blatant attempt to make an Americanized version of Hercule Poirot. It was poorly done by a clueless scriptwriter and director and it was deeply disrespectful to the original character.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts of by introducing Hercule as the pedantic, somewhat weird, person that he is but the attempt is just dumb and silly. Apart from the scene more or less making Hercule look like a jerk, these people apparently know him, why would they serve two eggs of different sizes in the first place? Oh right, because the director thought the audience was too dumb to make that reflection.\r\n\r\nThen there are some things that Hercule simply do not do. Like walking on the roofs of train cars, climbing around and chasing criminals as if he was some action hero. He even gets shot and more or less just shrugs it off for Christ sake!\r\n\r\nAnd do not get me started on that grotesque moustache! As I said, an Americanized version of Hercule Poirot. Unfortunately bigger is not always better.\r\n\r\nI can go on for some time here so let\u2019s move on.\r\n\r\nTechnically the movie is not that bad. The scenes, the decor, the acting in general etc. can even be said to be good. Unfortunately, for me, this was constantly overshadowed by the brutal slaughtering of my beloved Hercule Poirot character.\r\n\r\nPart of this is probably due to the movie trying to focus so much on Hercule that most of the other actors almost feel like \u2026 props, even though they themselves are doing quite a good job of their roles. One reviewer wrote that \u201cThe actors seem to have been invited, not to play characters, but to watch Kenneth Branagh act.\u201d and there seems to be some truth in that.\r\n\r\nThe movie ends with a hint of further moves. Personally, I hope there will not be a continuation of this train wreck (pun intended)."}], "recommandations_id": [343668, 399055, 399404, 401981], "youtube_key": "Mq4m3yAoW8E"}