{"tmdb_id": 39222, "title": "Le Baiser du vampire", "original_title": "The Kiss of the Vampire", "slug_title": "le-baiser-du-vampire", "date": "1963-09-11", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En Europe centrale, un jeune couple \u00e9choue, a la suite d'une panne, dans un ch\u00e2teau dont le seigneur, Ravna, est le maitre d'une secte de vampires. La jeune femme tombe sous le pouvoir de Ravna.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rgyponetzilINA97LJFkqv66GkT.jpg", "actors": ["Edward de Souza (Gerald Harcourt)", "Jennifer Daniel (Marianne Harcourt)", "Noel Willman (Dr. Ravna)", "Barry Warren (Carl Ravna)", "Clifford Evans (Professor Zimmer)", "Jacquie Wallis (Sabena Ravna)", "Isobel Black (Tania)", "Stan Simmons (Ravna's Majordomo)", "Peter Madden (Bruno)", "Vera Cook (Anna)", "Noel Howlett (Father Xavier)", "John Harvey (Police Sergeant)", "Dolly Read (Lead Woman Disciple)", "Brian Oulton (Lead Man Disciple)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "God is hardly involved, Mr. Harcourt.\r\n\r\nKiss of the Vampire (AKA: Kiss of Evil in a truncated TV version) is directed by Don Sharp and written by John Elder. it stars Clifford Evans, Noel Willman, Edward de Souza, Jennifer Daniel, Barry Warren, Brian Oulton and Jacquie Wallis. Out of Hammer Film Productions in Eastmancolour, cinematography is by Alan Hume and music by James Bernard.\r\n\r\nHoneymooners Gerald (de Souza) and Marianne Harcourt (Daniel) stop over in a remote Bavarian village and fall prey to a suspicious family headed by Dr. Ravna (Willman).\r\n\r\nPlanned as a Dracula sequel by Hammer Films, Kiss of the Vampire eventually followed in the vein of Brides of Dracula by bringing vampires into a social situation without the famous Count as the figurehead. With no Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Terence Fisher or Freddie Francis involved, it does on the outside seem it should be a lesser Hammer Horror picture. Thankfully that isn't the case at all.\r\n\r\nThere's some wooden acting, less than great effects work in the finale and a lack of blood for the gore hounds, but this is still a wonderful Hammer picture. Ripe with atmosphere, beaming with glorious Gothic set design and beautifully photographed, it's a film begging to be discovered by the vampire faithful.\r\n\r\nEssentially a reworking of Edward G. Ulmer's The Black Cat (1934), the narrative follows the familiar vampiric formula so beloved by horror film makers, especially the house of Hammer, which is no bad thing really since they do it so well. In fact it should be noted that the finale to this one is a departure from the norm and is rather exciting, if just a little abrupt in the context of plotting.\r\n\r\nA bevy of beauties adorn the frames while suave aristocrat type gentlemen glide around the Ravna abode, this is very much a film rich in that Hammer style. Ignore claims of it being slow, for this is considerate to setting up the characters, and ignore the butchered American TV version, for Kiss of the Vampire is a treat for like minded Hammerphiles. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42469, 39044, 28752, 19201]}