{"tmdb_id": 3924, "title": "Blondie", "original_title": "Blondie", "slug_title": "blondie", "date": "1938-11-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Blondie and Dagwood are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary but this happy occasion is marred when the bumbling Dagwood gets himself involved in a scheme that is promising financial ruin for the Bumstead family. Camping on the porch of the Poor House would become the most-used prevalent plot line in the 27 series-films that followed. It was also an issue in the comic-strip for about a year after its inception when it was basically a continuity strip but, aside from Dagwood's inability to coax a pay-raise from Mr. Dithers over the years, the financial status of the family was seldom an issue when the format switched to a gag-a-day strip.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o6UMTE2LzQdlKVxRnFECPmtQjsJ.jpg", "actors": ["Arthur Lake (Dagwood \" Dag \" Bumstead)", "Penny Singleton (Blondie Bumstead)", "Larry Simms (Alexander \" Baby \" Bumstead)", "Gene Lockhart (C.P. Hazlip)", "Jonathan Hale (Mr. Dithers)", "Danny Mummert (Alvin)", "Irving Bacon (Mailman)", "Ann Doran (Elsie Hazlip)", "Ian Wolfe (Judge)", "Willie Best (Porter)", "Dorothy Moore (Dorothy)", "Gordon Oliver (Chester Franey)", "Kathleen Lockhart (Mrs. Miller)", "Daisy (Daisy)", "Hal K. Dawson (Eddie)", "Eugene Anderson Jr (Newsboy)", "Stanley Andrews (Mr. Hicks)", "Hooper Atchley (Man on Bus)", "Stanley Brown (S.W. Carey Salesman)", "Mary Jane Carey (Mary - Dithers' Secretary)", "Dick Curtis (Daily Gazette Reporter)", "Edgar Dearing (Policeman at Hotel)", "Richard Fiske (Nelson - Dithers' Employee)", "James Flavin (Policeman in Accident Car)", "Fay Helm (Mrs. Fuddle)", "George Humbert (Pie Salesman)", "Bud Jamison (Repossessor)", "Charles Lane (Furniture Salesman)", "Harold Minjir (Mr. Phillips - Hotel Desk Clerk)", "David Newell (First Draftsman)", "Emory Parnell (Police Desk Sergeant)", "John Rand (Gardener)", "Bruce Sidney (Detective at Hotel)", "Walter Soderling (Mr. Morgan)", "Larry Steers (Assistant Hotel Clerk)", "Josephine Whittell (Woman Seeing Optometrist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This, the very first of the 28 films based on one of my favourite comic strips growing up, IMHO perfectly encapsulated the essential components of the cartoon and mixed the raucous confusion Dagwood has in trying to be the perfect husband and middle-class worker in suburban U.S.A. of that time period. So much fun, and the dog Daisy is priceless."}], "recommandations_id": [3929, 3931, 3938, 3936], "youtube_key": "notfound"}