{"tmdb_id": 39287, "title": "La Diligence Vers L'ouest", "original_title": "Stagecoach", "slug_title": "la-diligence-vers-l-ouest", "date": "1966-04-21", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Une diligence tente de traverser une contr\u00e9e d\u00e9sertique contr\u00f4l\u00e9e par les Indiens. Lors d'une \u00e9tape, les passagers de la diligence d\u00e9couvrent que toutes les personnes ont \u00e9t\u00e9 massacr\u00e9es. Ils vont devoir affronter l'attaque de leur convoi au cours d'une chevauch\u00e9e dangereuse..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3OJhK3rcXXJKbsw97wCwduv8SAJ.jpg", "actors": ["Ann-Margret (Dallas)", "Red Buttons (Peacock)", "Mike Connors (Hatfield (as Michael Connors))", "Bing Crosby (Doc Josiah Boone)", "Robert Cummings (Henry Gatewood (as Bob Cummings))", "Van Heflin (Marshal Curly Wilcox)", "Alex Cord (Ringo Kid)", "Slim Pickens (Buck, Stagecoach Driver)", "Stefanie Powers (Mrs. Lucy Mallory)", "Keenan Wynn (Luke Plummer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Worthy color remake of the classic Western with Ann-Margret, Van Heflin and Alex Cord\r\n\r\nThis 1966 version of \"Stagecoach\" is a color remake of the classic B&W Western from 1939. There would be another remake in 1986 featuring country stars of the era.\r\n\r\nThe story revolves around nine characters circa 1880 that travel on a stagecoach through a mountainous area where a group of Indians are on the warpath. The people include a somewhat goofy driver (Slim Pickens) and his shotgun, a marshal (Van Heflin); inside the coach are an outcast prostitute (Ann-Margret), an escaped prisoner named the Ringo Kid (Alex Cord), a pregnant woman traveling to meet up with her officer husband (Stefanie Powers), a suave Southern gambler who knew the lady's father during the Civil War (Mike \"Mannix\" Connors), an alcoholic doctor (Bing Crosby), a crooked banker (Bob Cummings) and a meek whiskey salesman (Red Buttons).\r\n\r\nThe first two-thirds of the film is mostly character development as the group travels on the stagecoach in the high country and spends the night here and there. The last third involves an action-packed Indian attack and the Ringo Kid settling scores. The story has been opened out and enlarged in comparison to the 1939 version; there's more action and Native attack is thrilling, showcasing some wild stunt work. What was a short climatic showdown in the 1939 version is a bigger shootout accompanied by a saloon blaze. Plus this rendition is in color and is all-around more modern (as far as filmmaking goes) than the old vibe of the '39 version.\r\n\r\nAlthough times have changed dramatically since the late 1800s there's not a lot of difference in some ways. People are people whatever the time period and certain behaviors or lifestyles will never be respected by society at large no matter how \"progressive\" (degenerate) we become, like being a prostitute or drunkard. It's just the moral facts of life.\r\n\r\nThe film works because it establishes the characters well and effectively builds suspense concerning the Natives. The outcasts prove their worth one way or another because they each want redemption or to make things right. The doctor may be a drunk but no one else present can do what he can; the saloon girl is repeatedly overlooked or disrespected until the Ringo Kid stands up for her honor, an outlaw, no less. The marshal must perform his duty, but how do you take in an \"outlaw\" when you've just been through a life or death situation together and he was instrumental in the group\u2019s survival?\r\n\r\nThe year after this remake there was a sorta semi-remake, the excellent \"Hombre\" (1967) wherein there are some blatant similarities: Both films include a stagecoach journey with travelers from different walks of life; there\u2019s a \"fine upstanding citizen\" who has a satchel of pilfered cash, a stagecoach driver, and a prim society woman. They\u2019re both good, but I give the edge to \u201cHombre.\u201d \u201cStagecoach\u201d seems old fashioned by comparison, no doubt due to its 1939 prototype.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 55 minutes (19 minutes longer than the original) and was shot in the high country of Colorado (Caribou Country Club Ranch at Nederland).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [77668, 107427, 315530, 176411], "youtube_key": "notfound"}