{"tmdb_id": 39318, "title": "Ne tirez pas sur le bandit", "original_title": "Alias Jesse James", "slug_title": "ne-tirez-pas-sur-le-bandit", "date": "1959-03-20", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Agent d'assurances na\u00eff, Milford Farnsworth rapporte \u00e0 sa soci\u00e9t\u00e9 un contrat d'assurance-vie de 100 000 dollars, d\u00e9croch\u00e9 aupr\u00e8s d'un certain Jesse James. Apprenant que la vie de son c\u00e9l\u00e8bre client ne tient qu'\u00e0 une balle, Milford est envoy\u00e9 dans l\u2019Ouest \u00e0 la poursuite du bandit afin de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer son contrat. Malheureusement, le remboursement ne va pas se passer comme pr\u00e9vu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9401kHeTLSsAMmwcrph7VkJP35x.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Hope (Milford Farnsworth)", "Rhonda Fleming (Cora Lee Collins)", "Will Wright (Titus Queasley)", "Wendell Corey (Jesse James)", "James Arness (Uncredited)", "Bing Crosby (Uncredited)", "Gary Cooper (Uncredited)", "Gloria Talbott (Princess Irawanie)", "Scatman Crothers (Railroad Porter (uncredited))", "Ward Bond (Major Seth Adams (uncredited))", "James Garner (Bret Maverick (scenes deleted))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Paleface 3? Not quite, but a very enjoyable Hope picture it be.\r\n\r\nBumbling buffoon insurance salesman Milford Farnsworth sells notorious outlaw Jesse James a $100,000 policy. When his boss finds out who the customer is, he dispatches Farnsworth after James in the hope of buying back the policy, he also gives strict orders that Farnsworth must ensure that James comes to no harm.\r\n\r\nBob Hope sells Jesse James an insurance policy! that alone should prepare you for what type of picture this is. There is nothing out of the ordinary here that we haven't seen before in most other Hope vehicles, and as a huge fan of The Paleface and the even better Son Of Paleface, I would point readers to those pictures by way of them being far better. However, \"Alias\" has some fine moments that keep it way above average, in fact for visual gags alone this picture scores higher than most of Hope's better known comedies. Be it a steaming alcohol fuelled hat or a magic mushroomed fed horse, there is still much fun to be had as Hope plays out his winning formula. Along for the ride is the supremely sexy Rhonda Fleming as Jesse James' gal, Cora Lee Collins, and as James himself we get Wendell Corey looking as though he is enjoying himself. The final reel of this film is now something of legend as we get to play spot the genre star during a protracted shoot out, stars such as Gary Cooper, Roy Rogers & Gail Davis join Bing Crosby to close the picture on a mightily high point. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [176813, 42472, 25553, 73449], "youtube_key": "mIr2EU2JtCE"}