{"tmdb_id": 393270, "title": "Podobizna", "original_title": "Podobizna", "slug_title": "podobizna", "date": "1948-01-09", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "People are afraid of the usurer Chazaj and are convinced that he is the bearer of evil. One day Chazaj pays a visit to the poor artist Simon Jord\u00e1n and asks him to paint his portrait. Simon agrees but as he progresses with the work his mind conjures up terrible thoughts and in the end he commits suicide. The portrait looks lifelike and Chazaj is content with the results. After Chazaj's death the picture changes hands and brings misfortune to all who own it. The last victim is the young painter Roman who buys Chazaj's portrait in a bazaar. He finds a treasure in the frame and begins to live well off it. The comfortable life suits him so well that he rejects his original artistic aims and becomes a painter of fashionable kitsch.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zdB9TzLJM5BCccUvmhsRoK1mIm1.jpg", "actors": ["Otomar Krej\u010da (Simon Jord\u00e1n / Step\u00e1n Jord\u00e1n)", "Luba Sko\u0159epov\u00e1 (Martina Jord\u00e1nov\u00e1)", "Vladim\u00edr \u0160meral (Painter Roman)", "Ladislav Kulh\u00e1nek (Professor Mikul\u00e1s)", "Karel Dostal (Extortioner Chazaj)", "Rudolf Deyl ml. (J\u00e1chym)", "Felix le Breux (Marcel Bernard)", "R\u016f\u017eena \u0160lemrov\u00e1 (Mrs. Viktorov\u00e1)", "Ludmila P\u00edchov\u00e1 (L\u00edza Viktorov\u00e1)", "Emil Bolek (Bussinesman Viktor)", "Franti\u0161ek Holar (Mr. Zemblovsk\u00fd)", "Viktor O\u010d\u00e1sek (Merchant Image)", "Bohumil Machn\u00edk (Homegrown)", "Vladim\u00edr Hlavat\u00fd ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}