{"tmdb_id": 393457, "title": "Fences", "original_title": "Fences", "slug_title": "fences", "date": "2016-12-16", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 1950 \u00e0 Pittsburgh, Troy Maxon, ancien joueur de la Negro League de baseball, est devenu \u00e9boueur. Il vit aujourd'hui avec son \u00e9pouse Rose, son fils Cory et son jeune fr\u00e8re Gabriel, ancien soldat handicap\u00e9 suite \u00e0 une blessure \u00e0 la t\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pJaUdSACdeuskTFK3xk4nuoSM7N.jpg", "actors": ["Denzel Washington (Troy Maxson)", "Viola Davis (Rose Maxson)", "Stephen Henderson (Jim Bono)", "Jovan Adepo (Cory Maxson)", "Russell Hornsby (Lyons Maxson)", "Mykelti Williamson (Gabriel Maxson)", "Saniyya Sidney (Raynell Maxson)", "Lesley Boone (Evangelist Preacher)", "Christopher Mele (Deputy Commissioner)", "Jason Silvis (Garbage Truck Driver)", "Tra'Waan Coles (Towns person)", "Joe Fishel (Parade Marcher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Trying to be a good husband and father!**\r\n\r\nIt took nearly a decade for Denzel to direct another film and this time it sailed through the Oscars with four nominations and one won out of it. Yeah, it was Viola Davis, who snatched the most prestigious award for her supporting actress role. Originally the film based on the stage play of the same name. It is a drama takes place in the 50s about a hard working family man, Troy. His past was not very good, which makes him a little arrogant when it comes to raining his boy. Marrying Rose was the best ever thing happened in his life. Though it was not a perfect family. The differences between them is what later bring twist and turns in the tale before heading for the final of the final act.\r\n\r\nA very simple drama on the fine topic. Most of the film was just a conversation or arguments. And most of the film was little slow moving with the very long overall runtime. If you can manage that, you can enjoy it. If you are a drama genre fan, then you will be more than happy for giving it a try. One of the best drama films of the year, yet not the greatest. It's all finger points at the performances. Those magnificent actors displayed magnificent show. Nearly 35 years old screenplay and 70 years old timeline, still looked the same and powerful. Despite the film's success and poured praises, I don't think it is for everyone. Definitely young generations won't enjoy it. It is mainly for families.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334541, 338766, 376867, 339419]}