{"tmdb_id": 393519, "title": "Grave", "original_title": "Grave", "slug_title": "grave", "date": "2016-11-11", "genre": "Drame / Horreur", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans la famille de Justine tout le monde est v\u00e9t\u00e9rinaire et v\u00e9g\u00e9tarien. \u00c0 16 ans, elle est une adolescente surdou\u00e9e sur le point d\u2019int\u00e9grer l\u2019\u00e9cole v\u00e9to o\u00f9 sa s\u0153ur ain\u00e9e est \u00e9galement \u00e9l\u00e8ve. Mais, \u00e0 peine install\u00e9s, le bizutage commence pour les premi\u00e8res ann\u00e9es. On force Justine \u00e0 manger de la viande crue. C\u2019est la premi\u00e8re fois de sa vie. Les cons\u00e9quences ne se font pas attendre. Justine d\u00e9couvre sa vraie nature.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/omPR5PnurqDP90CKdjLy36IcYZh.jpg", "actors": ["Garance Marillier (Justine)", "Ella Rumpf (Alexia)", "Rabah Nait Oufella (Adrien)", "Laurent Lucas (The Father)", "Joana Preiss (The Mother)", "Bouli Lanners (Le routier)", "Jean-Louis Sbille (Professeur evaluations)", "Marion Vernoux (L'Infirmiere)", "Thomas Mustin (Chef du BDE)", "Marouan Iddoub (Bizut refectoire)", "Helena Coppejans (Caissi\u00e8re r\u00e9fectoire)", "Denis Mpunga (Professeur amphith\u00e9\u00e2tre)", "Pierre Nisse (\u00c9tudiant vid\u00e9o f\u00eate CHU morgue)", "Alice D'Hauwe (\u00c9tudiante f\u00eate CHU)", "Julianne Binard (\u00c9tudiante f\u00eate CHU)", "B\u00e9rang\u00e8re McNeese (Bizute peinture)", "Sophie Breyer (Bizute r\u00e9fectoire)", "Virgil Leclaire (Bizut couloir / Foot / Fin Coryph\u00e9e)", "Benjamin Boutboul (V\u00e9t\u00e9ran cagoul\u00e9)", "Anna Solomin (V\u00e9t\u00e9rane couloir)", "Morgan Politi (Barman f\u00eate CHU)", "Ma\u00eft\u00e9 Katinka Lonne (Bizute amphith\u00e9\u00e2tre)", "Amandine Hinnekens (V\u00e9t\u00e9rane pistolet \u00e0 eau)", "Sibylle du Plessy (Professeur autopsie)", "Alexis Julemont (Interne urgences)", "Charlotte Sandersen (Professeur anesth\u00e9sie cheval)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"While filmmakers and audiences tend to gag at the thought of \u2018the other C-word\u2019 onscreen, writer/director Julia Ducournau and her fearless leading lady Garance Marillier launch themselves teeth first into their bloody and occasionally brilliant cannibal horror pic...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2016/5/16/raw.html"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Sex, drugs and rock & roll. What more could you possibly ask for in your \"Fucked-Up-Coming-Of-Age\" movies... Cannibalism? No dramas. _Raw_ has got you sorted.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An extreme desire for blood and flesh!**\r\n\r\nTotally unexpected. I had no idea what I'm about to watch. Because usually I do small research of films I watch before the click play. I did not know it was even a French film or a horror. But it was not actually a horror in a sense. Seeing the initial set up, I thought it would be about a freshman medical student. Then things turned out strangely. Like it was decades ago when I was young, I have felt uncomfortable for those intentional film. For this, it felt all real. As the contents, I disliked them. But the film succeeded if that's what it's intended to give to its audience.\r\n\r\nIt lived up to what the title meant. But on the other hand, I thought it was making fun of vegetarians. You usually won't find many vegetarians in Europe, but this film's topic was bizarre. Because you know someone who has never consumed meat in his entire life, but then when he begins this new habit, it is like completely going out of control. It's not just one, but two from the same family. Something was very clear, that one not knowing the differences. Because they were never before used to it.\r\n\r\nJustine is all set to join her sister to practice to be a veterinarian. Coming from a pure vegetarian family, she has to go through some of college traditions. From the beginning itself, it did not go well for her. It affected her health and body. A drastic change in a short period of time, forcing her to uncontrollable desire. Then on one accidental situation, it turns even worst. Ultimately, a conflict between the sisters arise. It takes them to unexpected paths and finally how it all ends were revealed with many uneasy events.\r\n\r\n> -xX] An animal that has tasted human flesh isn't safe. [Xx-\r\n\r\nI have seen many films like this, but this one was a stand-alone from all of them. I'm not saying it is a masterpiece, but they have got all things right just as they wanted. Obviously this is for grownups, though not all of them can watch without feeling disgust. Some of article, reviews says, people left the cinema hall halfway through. A very challenging film to watch. You might think I'm exaggerating for a simple cinematic performance, but that's what I really experienced. Only when you give it a try, you might get it.\r\n\r\nA bit confusing as the story progressing. Like what kind of universe, it is set in. Because whatever happens around Justine, seems nobody caring. Where were the professors! So many doubts. It's just what it is. An imaginative perspective, what if kind of situation turned more uglier. But if you analyse it properly, the only issue was the cannibalism. Not that one showing a desire in consuming meat all of sudden. So, I appreciate the writing, direction and performances, but definitely it is not my cup of tea. Probably for most of you as well.\r\n\r\nSo this is not for all, but selected viewers. Films can be anything, only we have to assert whether we liked it or not. The maker knew what they were doing, the kind of subject they have undertaken for their film. Often a film like this hits the screen, and makes some noise among the film critics and film goers. I don't know on what merit one should decide to watch it. Because it is not for entertainment, nor an art, nor a message film. But I still think it is worth a watch. Just be aware of what you are going to watch.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "rolanddoobie", "content": "I have wanted to see this movie for a while, and it did not disappoint. Beautifully shot. Not for the timid. My wife had a hard time with a couple of scenes. \r\nGranted, it is a bit of a \"gross for gross sake\", but I loved every minute of it."}], "recommandations_id": [418078, 301365, 396535, 313922]}