{"tmdb_id": 3936, "title": "Blondie Has Servant Trouble", "original_title": "Blondie Has Servant Trouble", "slug_title": "blondie-has-servant-trouble", "date": "1940-07-25", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Few of the popular Blondie films strayed as far off the tried-and-true Blondie formula as \"Blondie Has Servant Trouble\" (#6 in the series).  Things get under way when Blondie Bumstead (Penny Singleton) demands that her husband Dagwood (Arthur Lake) request a raise from his boss Mr. Dithers (Jonathan Hale), so that Blondie can afford to hire a maid.  But Dithers has no time for any salary disputes: his construction firm is currently stuck with an unsaleable old mansion, which is rumored to be haunted.  To disprove this theory, Dithers asks the Bumstead family to spend a night in the crumbling old house, throwing a retinue of servants into the bargain.  Homicidal maniacs? The Bumsteads in mortal danger?  But even a done 1000 times 'Haunted House-Homicidal Maniac' storyline somehow works here..  Because  in the end, no matter what, there's always Penny Singleton as \"Blondie\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1fA43LFgkRJ0GtQV8y2uIk9q1gE.jpg", "actors": ["Penny Singleton (Blondie Bumstead)", "Arthur Lake (Dagwood \" Dag \" Bumstead)", "Larry Simms (Baby Dumpling)", "Daisy (Daisy)", "Danny Mummert (Alvin Fuddle)", "Jonathan Hale (J.C. Dithers)", "Arthur Hohl (Eric Vaughn)", "Esther Dale (Anna Vaughn)", "Irving Bacon (Mailman)", "Ray Turner (Horatio Jones)", "Walter Soderling (Morgan)", "Fay Helm (Mrs. Fuddle)", "Murray Alper (Taxi Driver)", "Eugene Anderson Jr (Newsboy)", "Mary Jane Carey (Mary - Dithers' Secretary)", "Tommy Dixon (Saunders - Dithers' Employee)", "Dick Durrell (Kirk - Dithers' Employee)", "Eddie Laughton (Photographer)", "Frank Melton (Ollie - Dithers' Employee)", "Ivan Miller (Police Commissioner)", "David Newell (Nelson - Dithers' Employee)", "Arthur Ritchie (Dr. Nolan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Weird seeing probably the most bizarre of the Blondie films I've seen thus far (I only have the first 10 of the 28 films that were made from 1938-1950), as the Bumstead family are tricked by Dagwood's boss, Mr. Dithers, into staying at a mansion rumoured to be haunted. Still enjoyable fun, that's short and sweet and doesn't outstay its welcome."}], "recommandations_id": [3929, 3938, 3939, 3941], "youtube_key": "notfound"}