{"tmdb_id": 393824, "title": "Nurse's Husband", "original_title": "\u770b\u8b77\u5a66\u306e\u30aa\u30e4\u30b8\u304c\u3093\u3070\u308b", "slug_title": "nurse-s-husband", "date": "1980-05-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "\u201cQuit working as a nurse!\u201d \u201cAll right, I will!\u201d thus began the married life of Yasuo and Keiko. But the reality is harsh. Keiko even had to work on the first night after her marriage. Ten years later, the married couple is still at it. Yauso tends to the house and their children, while Keiko sacrifices family life for life as an overworked nurse. One day, after Keiko comes home utterly exhausted and dejected from her work, Yasuo makes up his mind and writes a letter of resignation in her place. Upon learning of this, Keiko angrily declares that nursing is what she lives for and she will keep on working. Realising that that is one battle he will never win, Yasuo sends a letter to a newspaper -- \u201cNurses\u2019 husbands, aren\u2019t you having a hard time? Get together nurses\u2019 husbands. Contact me.\u201d There is a tremendous response. This leads to the formation of many unions of nurses\u2019 husbands throughout the country.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rmmoT96C16RqHGIOQ0o27AGJoSA.jpg", "actors": ["Gin Maeda ()", "Orie Sat\u00f4 ()", "Yuriko Miyoshi ()", "Nagisa Okuma ()", "Mihoko Fujita ()", "Shigeaki Yoshida ()", "Akira Hamada ()", "Kazunaga Tsuji ()", "Ben Hiura ()", "Susumu Miyao ()", "Hiromi Senno ()", "Noriko Sengoku ()", "Akira \u00d4izumi ()", "J\u00f4 Shishido ()", "Kirin Kiki ()", "Morio Kazama ()", "Taiji Tonoyama ()", "Asao Koike ()", "Nobuo Kaneko ()", "Nobuko Otowa ()", "Hiroshi Tachihara ()", "Keizaburo Ishigaki ()", "Masashi Terada ()", "Kenji Yasunaga ()", "Kumiko Shimizu ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}