{"tmdb_id": 393, "title": "Kill Bill : Volume 2", "original_title": "Kill Bill: Vol. 2", "slug_title": "kill-bill-volume-2", "date": "2004-04-16", "genre": "Action / Crime / Thriller", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre d\u00e9barrass\u00e9e de ses anciennes coll\u00e8gues Vernita Green et O-Ren Ishii, la Mari\u00e9e poursuit sa qu\u00eate vengeresse. Il lui reste \u00e0 r\u00e9gler le sort de Budd puis de Elle Driver avant d'atteindre le but ultime : tuer Bill.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gU0tl1fiA6R0Wzvrl8pDMoZ2xkN.jpg", "actors": ["Uma Thurman (Beatrix \"The Bride\" Kiddo)", "David Carradine (Bill)", "Daryl Hannah (Elle Driver)", "Michael Madsen (Budd)", "Gordon Liu Chia-Hui (Pai Mei)", "Michael Parks (Esteban Vihaio)", "Perla Haney-Jardine (B.B. Kiddo)", "Larry Bishop (Larry Gomez)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Rufus)", "Lucy Liu (O-Ren Ishii)", "Vivica A. Fox (Vernita Green)", "Julie Dreyfus (Sofie Fatale)", "Christopher Allen Nelson (Tommy Plympton)", "Helen Kim (Karen Kim)", "Laura Cayouette (Rocket)", "Jun Kunimura (Boss Tanaka)", "Goro Daimon (Boss Honda)", "Kazuki Kitamura (Boss Koji / Crazy 88)", "Akaji Maro (Boss Ozawah)", "Shun Sugata (Boss Benta)", "Sachiko Fujii (The 5, 6, 7, 8's)", "Sakichi Sat\u00f4 (Charlie Brown)", "Yoji Tanaka (Crazy 88)", "S\u00f4 Yamanaka (Crazy 88)", "Chiaki Kuriyama (Gogo)", "Claire Smithies (Clarita)", "Issey Takahashi (Crazy 88)", "Sid Haig (Bartender)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Tarantino's amusing super-assassin bizarro world  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2004 and written/directed by Quentin Tarantino, \"Kill Bill Vol. 2\" completes the story of 2003's \"Vol. 1\" and fills in the holes. Former assassin, The Bride (Uma Thurmon), seeks vengeance after the murder of her fianc\u00e9 & friends at a wedding rehearsal in El Paso. She takes on formidable thugs Budd (Michael Madsen) and Elle (Daryl Hannah) to finally get to ringleader Bill (David Carradine). Gordon Liu plays master martial artist Pai Mei while Michael Parks is on hand as Esteban Vihaio.\r\n\r\nThis part of the duology is more dialogue-driven than \"Vol. 1,\u201d fleshing-out the characters and answering many questions. Such as: How is The Bride such an unconquerable fighter? How did Elle lose her right eye? Why did Bill conduct the wedding massacre? How does Budd spend his retirement? The problem is that the characters are all cartoony caricatures, and merciless assassins to boot. It's impossible to give criminal scum \"more depth,\" at least as far as caring for them goes. Let 'em all kill each other for all I care. Moreover, the story is too shallow to warrant such epic treatment and would've been more effective if both films were condensed into a 2.5 hour flick, cutting out the fat.\r\n\r\nStill, the movie's so offbeat that it's entertaining in the manner of 1996's \"Mojave Moon,\" but better. It's an interesting combo of spaghetti Westerns, 70's martial arts flicks, Bond-isms and all-around Tarantino quirkiness. But suggesting that the \"Kill Bill\" flicks are cinematic masterpieces of auteurism is overdoing it. Take, for instance, the ridiculous closing credits, which run well over 12 minutes: The plot and characters are unworthy of such pretentious veneration. If you want masterworks by Tarantino, see \u201cDjango Unchained\u201d (2012) and \u201cPulp Fiction\u201d (1994); or even \u201cInglourious Basterds\u201d (2009) and \u201cJackie Brown\u201d (1997).\r\n\r\nStill, the movie's strangely amusing, the cast is good (especially Carradine) and Bill's Superman analysis is insightful. The Bride\u2019s training with Pai Mei is arguably the best bit.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 137 minutes and was shot in Southern California; Beijing, China; and Mexico.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B- (6.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": [24, 500, 187, 184]}