{"tmdb_id": 39407, "title": "La Passion du Docteur Holmes", "original_title": "The Climax", "slug_title": "la-passion-du-docteur-holmes", "date": "1944-10-20", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Fridriech Hohner est le m\u00e9decin attitr\u00e9 du Royal Theater. Sa fianc\u00e9e, une c\u00e9l\u00e8bre cantatrice, Marcellina, refuse de renoncer \u00e0 sa carri\u00e8re pour ses beaux yeux. Il l'\u00e9trangle. Dix ans plus tard, alors que son crime est rest\u00e9 impuni, Hohner entend une jeune chanteuse, Angela Klatt, ex\u00e9cuter les trilles de \u00abThe Magic Voice\u00bb, l'op\u00e9ra sur lequel travaillait Marcellina quand le m\u00e9decin fou de jalousie l'a priv\u00e9e de sa voix et de sa vie en m\u00eame temps. Il tombe instantan\u00e9ment sous le charme. Angela est embauch\u00e9e. Sa premi\u00e8re prestation rencontre un succ\u00e8s monumental. Jaloux, Hohner l'hypnotise et parvient \u00e0 l'emp\u00eacher de chanter...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/132rHNM4zMr2YnHc0FiU1e8n5am.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Dr. Friedrich Hohner)", "Susanna Foster (Angela Klatt)", "Turhan Bey (Franz Munzer)", "Gale Sondergaard (Luise)", "Thomas Gomez (Count Seebruck)", "June Vincent (Marcellina)", "George Dolenz (Amato Roselli)", "Ludwig St\u00f6ssel (Carl Baumann)", "Jane Farrar (Jarmila Vadek)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "A very enjoyable romp from the 40's about unrequited love driving a man to obsession, selfishness and murder, and you really can't go wrong with Boris Karloff, particularly from this vintage. This is especially enjoyable if you're a fan of opera at all. New York City-born director Waggner, most famous for 'The Wolf Man', is decent at this sort of thing, though he got relegated the last phase of his career to TV-work (such as the 60's 'Batman').\r\n\r\nKarloff's first colour film (and in Technicolor, no doubt), it's also famous for using the same sets as 'The Phantom of the Opera', made the previous year--the oldest surviving movie set. I came across this in an excellent 5-film pack of Karloff-starred thrillers from the late 30's and early 40's. Both the boxed set and this individual film are highly recommended to fans of the star's work."}], "recommandations_id": [29243, 39409, 28365, 29242]}