{"tmdb_id": 394117, "title": "The Florida Project", "original_title": "The Florida Project", "slug_title": "the-florida-project", "date": "2017-10-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Moonee a 6 ans et un sacr\u00e9 caract\u00e8re.\r L\u00e2ch\u00e9e en toute libert\u00e9 dans un motel de la banlieue de Disney world, elle y fait les 400 coups avec sa petite bande de gamins insolents.\r Ses incartades ne semblent  pas trop inqui\u00e9ter Halley, sa tr\u00e8s jeune m\u00e8re.  En situation pr\u00e9caire comme tous les habitants du motel, celle-ci est en effet trop concentr\u00e9e sur des plans plus ou moins honn\u00eates pour assurer leur quotidien\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bnSTP1PY2fDyat0eUa4QouuGV7F.jpg", "actors": ["Brooklynn Prince (Moonee)", "Bria Vinaite (Halley)", "Willem Dafoe (Bobby Hicks)", "Valeria Cotto (Jancey)", "Christopher Rivera (Scooty)", "Mela Murder (Ashley)", "Caleb Landry Jones (Jack Hicks)", "Aiden Malik (Dicky)", "Macon Blair (Tourist John)", "Sabina Friedman-Seitz (Church Group Sarah)", "Karren Karagulian (Narek)", "Sandy Kane (Gloria)", "Carl Bradfield (Charlie Coachman)", "Gary B. Gross (Officer Gary)", "Sonya McCarter (Simone)", "Josie Olivo (Grandma Stacy)", "Rosa Medina Perez (Bertha)", "Jasineia Ramos (Luci)", "Kit Sullivan (Arabian Nights Manager Jimmy)", "Patti Wiley (Amber)", "Jason Blackwater (Ticket-Buying Dad)", "Jim R. Coleman (Cabbie)", "Kelly Fitzgerald (Twistee Treat Girl's Mom)", "Krystal Gordon (Case Worker)", "Betty Jeune (Security Guard)", "Joanne Moreno (Cheap Tickets Lady)", "Lauren O'Quinn (DCF Investigator)", "Edward Pagan (Dicky's Dad)", "Samantha Parisi (The Black Eyed Lady)", "Cecilia Quinan (DCF Supervisor)", "Shail Kamini Ramcharan (Arabian Nights Owner)", "Giovanni Rodriguez (Late For Tee-Time)", "Adina Sutton (Room 246 Mom)", "Bronwyn Valley (Twistee Treat Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jessetaylor", "content": "_The Florida Project_ is a beautiful film about people and life and survival. Sean Baker has shown us the underbelly of American culture that we normally don't get to see; these people aren't known and are the outcasts of society. Much like Andrea Arnold's masterpiece from last year, _American Honey_, this film brings to light many issues that are insanely topical in the current American political climate such as classism and racism.\r\n\r\nGorgeously shot on 35mm, this film is a feast for the eyes. It uses every colour in the crayon box from the gloriously purple exterior to the dilapidated Magic Kingdom motel to the impossibly bright oranges, reds, and greens of the local shops where the kids venture every day. While plasticky and candy-like during the day scenes, the film is even more stunning at sundown - the dusty, sun-drenched shots here are sublime.\r\n\r\nEveryone has been abuzz about Willem Dafoe's performance in this. He's absolutely charming and is the glue that holds these dejected people's lives together in this film. He's the father figure to all of them and he does the absolute most with his character. The breakthrough star of this film, however, is 7-year-old Brooklynn Prince. She's an absolute superstar. During the Q&A at the North American premiere she wore a baby blue princess gown and simultaneously waved like Queen Elizabeth II and blew kisses at the audience as they gave her a standing ovation. Child performers lately have been better and better - remember how good Jacob Tremblay was in _Room_? Just you wait for Prince to wow you in this. She has a scene at the very end of the movie that requires her to break down and cry and it tore my heart out."}, {"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Sean Baker\u2019s neo-realistic eye for humour, honesty and heartbreak has crafted a slow burn, potent commentary on America\u2019s struggling underclass...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2017/10/4/the-florida-project.html"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I think Wayne put it best when he said: _\"Don't, uh... Don't care much for kids, so...\"_\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Not quite for me, but I definitely get the appeal._"}], "recommandations_id": [391713, 389015, 400617, 371638], "youtube_key": "WwQ-NH1rRT4"}