{"tmdb_id": 394661, "title": "Le rituel du 9e jour", "original_title": "Sacrifice", "slug_title": "le-rituel-du-9e-jour", "date": "2016-04-29", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Tora Hamilton, chirurgienne, s'installe avec son mari Duncan dans les \u00eeles Shetland au nord est de l'Ecosse. Peu apr\u00e8s, elle d\u00e9couvre un corps de jeune femme enterr\u00e9e dans le jardin de leur nouvelle maison. D'\u00e9tranges marques ont \u00e9t\u00e9 tatou\u00e9es sur ce corps dont le coeur a disparu. Ignorant les avertissements de ses proches, Tora d\u00e9cide de d\u00e9couvrir la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur ce myst\u00e9rieux meurtre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wIjG4JF12KsjgKUIh1gO0bjrkID.jpg", "actors": ["Radha Mitchell (Dr. Tora Hamilton)", "Rupert Graves (Duncan Guthrie)", "Ian McElhinney (D.I. McKie)", "David Robb (Richard Guthrie)", "Joanne Crawford (Sgt. Dana Tulloch)", "Liam Carney (Mr. Grey)", "Declan Conlon (Stephen Gair)", "Peter Vollebregt (Kenn Wickliff)", "Rachel Oliva (Ruth Morgan)", "Lesa Thurman (NY Hospital Nurse)", "Conor Mullen (Stephen Renney)", "Megan Riordan (Janet)", "Deirdre Monaghan (Elspeth Guthrie)", "Aron Hegarty (Officer)", "Hilary Rose (Janice Shaw)", "Bernadette Brown (Caroline Salter)", "Melissa Maria Carton (Suzie)", "Clare Barrett (Nurse)", "Paul Alan Walsh (Digger)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Risking life, exposing a long hidden secret!**\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the name name tells the story of Tora, an American surgeon who moved to a remote island in Scotland with his husband for a new beginning after the miscarriage. Following the life in the new place, she discovers some secrets that are hidden for very long. Her attempt to expose it was foiled, and put her life in a threat. From there where it goes is what leads to a twist and the conclusion.\r\n\r\nThis is the same old formula for most of the thrillers. The story, its characters and the locations were fresh, but you would know how it all develops and ends. Still a very decent film with a fine pace of the narration. I think some of the coastal scenes were from the same place where 'Sing Street' were shot. But that was an Ireland film and this is Scotland, so I'm confused whether it was Scot or Ire.\r\n\r\nRadha Mitchell was okay, and the rest of the cast did not get enough scope for their roles. The direction and the production was not bad either. Except for the familiar theme, it can be watched for once. But not suggest to go for it after watching a good thriller.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [347944, 354924, 381767, 337085]}