{"tmdb_id": 394856, "title": "The Secret", "original_title": "\u6d88\u5931\u7231\u4eba", "slug_title": "the-secret", "date": "2016-01-15", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kaifeng wakes up with a terrible hangover. His heart aches for his lost wife, Qiujie, as memories of the accident rush back to him.It was meant to be a romantic climbing holiday. Both passionate climbers, they decided to summit a mountain in the Himalayas to celebrate their anniversary. But an avalanche dooms him to a lifetime of regret. Qiujie, the love of his life, mother of his son, is gone forever. In despair, Kaifeng turns to a spirit medium for advice on how to bring her back. And to his shock and joy, Qiujie really does come home. But she remembers almost nothing, including their son, and has no memory of the fatal accident. \"Only those who love Qiujie will be able to see her spirit. You must never let her know that she's a spirit or she will disappear forever\", says the medium. Kaifeng knows that she will not be able to stay forever. He can only try to keep the secret as long as possible with his son.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iG1l5W0kJoefrheUkCsDzr8n3qe.jpg", "actors": ["Leon Lai (Kaifeng)", "J.J. Lin (Jimmy)", "Patrick J Molloy ()", "Wang Luo-Dan (Qiu Jie)", "Sandrine Pinna (Yanzi)", "Sek Sau (Kaifeng's father)", "Emil He Cheng-Wei (Mu Mu)", "Wang Chuan (Kaifeng's mother)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}