{"tmdb_id": 39538, "title": "Contagion", "original_title": "Contagion", "slug_title": "contagion", "date": "2011-09-08", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "\u00ab Contagion \u00bb suit la rapide progression d'un virus mortel, qui tue en quelques jours. Alors que l'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie se propage \u00e0 grande vitesse, la communaut\u00e9 m\u00e9dicale mondiale tente, dans une course effr\u00e9n\u00e9e contre la montre, de trouver un rem\u00e8de et de contr\u00f4ler la panique qui se r\u00e9pand encore plus vite que le virus. Les gens eux se battent pour survivre dans une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 qui se d\u00e9sagr\u00e8ge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kbC6I0AOSLTHFA2dieyat9h8QHP.jpg", "actors": ["Marion Cotillard (Dr. Leonora Orantes)", "Matt Damon (Mitch Emhoff)", "Laurence Fishburne (Dr. Ellis Cheever)", "Jude Law (Alan Krumwiede)", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Beth Emhoff)", "Kate Winslet (Dr. Erin Mears)", "Bryan Cranston (Rear Admiral Lyle Haggerty)", "Jennifer Ehle (Dr. Ally Hextall)", "Elliott Gould (Dr. Ian Sussman)", "Chin Han (Sun Feng)", "John Hawkes (Roger)", "Anna Jacoby-Heron (Jory Emhoff)", "Sanaa Lathan (Aubrey Cheever)", "Demetri Martin (Dr. David Eisenberg)", "Armin Rohde (Damian Leopold)", "Enrico Colantoni (Dennis French)", "Larry Clarke (Dave)", "Monique Gabriela Curnen (Lorraine Vasquez)", "Daria Strokous (Irina)", "Rick Uecker (Minnesota Health)", "Nathan Geist (Lieutenant Commander Williams (uncredited))", "Jamie Newell (Siphon woman (uncredited))", "Griffin Kane (Clark Morrow)", "Rebecca Spence (Jon Neal's Wife)", "Yoshiaki Kobayashi (Japanese Bus Man)", "Teri McEvoy (School Nurse)", "Sue Redman (ER Nurse #1)", "Teri Campbell (ER Nurse #2)", "Stef Tovar (Dr. Arrington)", "Mary Jo Faraci (Social Worker)", "Grace Rex (Carrie Anne)", "Joseph Anthony Foronda (WHO Official)", "Annabelle Armour (Beth's Mother)", "Jim Ortlieb (Funeral Director)", "Kara Zediker (Elizabeth Nygaard)", "Laura Fisher (Sick Lady)", "Mary Beth Dolan (Nun)", "Dan Flannery (Hextall's Father)", "Jason Babinsky (Shivering Man)", "Howie Johnson (Morgue Worker)", "Sanjay Gupta (Sanjay Gupta)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "markuspm", "content": "Since watching this movie I think I feel differently when people around me start sneezing."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I have a special place in my heart for the medical thriller. Looking back, I believe it stems both from being sick a lot when I was a kid, and from really enjoying great ones over the years, like 'Coma' and 'Outbreak'. As well, more recently I remember the panic both my son's mother and I tended to have when our son was born during the SARS epidemic back in 2003. Needless to say, when one of these films comes along, it's only a matter of time before it crosses my path.\r\n\r\nDirector Soderbergh is intelligent enough to really make this material work, going at it from every conceivable angle (and many inconceivable ones!) yet still giving it coherence in a decent runtime (not a Bay-esque three hours) and there's enough star power to keep one's attention. The best kind of review for these sort of films is that it leaves you thinking twice before you have an affair, or even throw out your Kleenex, and that's specifically what Soderbergh's work here does."}, {"pseudo": "Rocketeer Raccoon", "content": "Even if Contagion has a decent star line up for a disease epidemic movie such as Matt Damon, Jude Law and Laurence Fishburne but the film itself actually felt really flat and I thought it was very disappointing to be honest. I was actually expecting a lot more from this but instead the story just wasn't very thrilling and exciting and most of the main characters were completely meaningless and uninteresting.\r\n\r\nMatt Damon plays one of the better main characters who is trying to keep his daughter safe from the infection but I think this subplot was very underdeveloped and they could have expanded on this more to give it more of a thrilling story to really show the world going to Hell. I mean the film itself is ok but it's a very flawed and I was actually expecting a more bleak ending."}], "recommandations_id": [38050, 22972, 10200, 16995], "youtube_key": "4sYSyuuLk5g"}