{"tmdb_id": 39557, "title": "Le Vengeur agit au cr\u00e9puscule", "original_title": "Decision at Sundown", "slug_title": "le-vengeur-agit-au-crepuscule", "date": "1957-11-10", "genre": ["Romance / Action / Western"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Dans une petite ville des \u00c9tats-Unis, Bart Allison accuse la future femme de Tate d'avoir tu\u00e9 son \u00e9pouse et menace de la venger. Pr\u00e9venu, Tate doit alors veiller sur sa femme et repousser les affronts r\u00e9p\u00e9titifs de ce nouveau rival. Mais le jour de leur mariage, la situation d\u00e9rape...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oR7L1RIgN8zHE83E4Z2MU6jYF8r.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Bart Allison)", "John Carroll (Tate Kimbrough)", "Karen Steele (Lucy Summerton)", "Valerie French (Ruby James)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Sam)", "John Archer (Dr. John Storrow)", "Andrew Duggan (Sheriff Swede Hansen)", "James Westerfield (Otis, the Bartender)", "John Litel (Charles Summerton)", "Ray Teal (Morley Chase)", "Richard Deacon (Reverend Zaron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This may not be as strong as other Scott/Boetticher Westerns, such as 'Buchanan Rides Alone' or 'The Tall T', but it's very strong, and would make a great double bill with 'High Noon'--another fine flick about someone being brave enough to stand against the tide of local cowardice, and get things done in cleaning up the town's garbage.\r\n\r\nThis is very unique in that Scott's character, Bart Allison, is determined for revenge, three years in the making, for the bad guy seducing his wife (who ended up killing herself in disgrace). He seemed to think his wife had the moral fibre not to do that sort of thing willingly--unfortunately, the entire town, even his best friend, seems to know otherwise.\r\n\r\nA great look at the lengths some will go to right wrongs they come across in life. Allison's dismay at the community for allowing another wrong to happen, midway through the picture, is something that haunts and stays with you, long after the film concludes. I would have given this a higher rating, aside from an obvious, amateurish mistake that happens around ten minutes into the film, when one of the women talks, but an arm from one of the actors completely occludes her mouth, straight through her entire spiel. It's a minor thing, perhaps, but I'm very surprised no one caught it by the time it was released, especially a director of Boetticher's stature."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "They wont forget the day Bart Allison came to town.\r\n\r\nBart Allison and Sam, his trusty companion, ride into Sundown looking for a guy named Tate Kimbrough. It appears that Kimbrough had a dalliance with Allison's wife some years earlier, an affair that led to the suicide of the erstwhile Mrs. Allison. With revenge and hatred eating away at him, Allison will not rest until he gets his man, but his very being here in Sundown will be the catalyst for not only himself, but also every other resident of this dusky town.\r\n\r\nRandolph Scott (Bart Allison) and director Budd Boetticher made seven very interesting and intelligent Westerns together, each man seemingly using each one as a muse of sorts. This particular entry on their wonderful resumes is a fine testament to their winning formula, for Decision At Sundown offers up something different outside of your standard Western fare. The plot structure is for sure very basic, the man out for revenge, and the town in the grip of less than honourable men, but here our main protagonist really isn't thinking with his head. He is driven by rage and an affair of the heart, he in fact doesn't care if he lives or dies, just as long as he gets his man! Also of interest is the effect on the town of Sundown that Allison has, it certainly lent me to think about some so called supernatural Westerns that would surface later on down the line, whilst the ending here doesn't resort to any sort of cop out formula, it's poignant and begs for a further train of thought.\r\n\r\nScott is first rate as Allison, grey hair personifying the wisdom that he has lost due to his blind thirst for revenge, he has a devilment glint that's evident in both of his eyes. Scott does an excellent line in rage and grief stricken acting, further cementing his reputation as a wonderful actor in the splendid Western filmic sphere. Backing Scott up is Noah Beery Jr (Sam) and John Archer as Dr. John Storrow, but of the rest of the cast I personally couldn't lend too much praise for, with the main negative of note being that the villains of the piece barely get out of grumpy only territory. John Carroll (Kimbrough) and Andrew Duggan as crooked Sheriff Swede Hansen really should have gone for a more twirling moustache type villainy than the underplayed ones that we actually get.\r\n\r\nBut underplayed villains be damned, this is still a hugely enjoyable picture, and one that definitely holds up on a repeat viewing whilst solidifying the top end genre status of Boetticher and Scott as a pairing. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [81720, 136772, 43114, 121901], "youtube_key": "fp2PqAaSYo0"}