{"tmdb_id": 395940, "title": "For my brother", "original_title": "For Min Brors Skyld", "slug_title": "for-my-brother", "date": "2014-12-08", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "8.4/10", "synopsis": "Les deux fr\u00e8res Aske (17 ans) et Bastian (12 ans) vivent avec leur p\u00e8re, Lasse. Leur m\u00e8re est morte sept ans plus t\u00f4t. Chaque jour, ils vivent dans un monde o\u00f9 la peur, la violence et l\u2019alcool sont des facteurs \u00e9normes, mais o\u00f9 la relation forte et \u00e9troite des fr\u00e8res signifie tout.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xm9YypsAZkZUqp8GIPsGKiOk7nE.jpg", "actors": ["Elias Munk (Aske)", "Christopher Friis Jensen (Bastian)", "Allan Karlsen (Lasse)", "Frank Schiellerup (Hans)", "Oliver Bj\u00f8rnholdt Spottag (Silas)", "Tina N\u00f8rby (Mor)", "Frederik Ingemann Brandt (Aske 10 \u00e5r)", "Lara Le\u00f3n (Sasja)", "Marie Louise Lund Jensen (Malene)", "Kit Langberg Rasmussen (Frederikke)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When the home, the safest place isn't safe anymore.\r\n\r\nJust remember that this is not a film to entertain you, but it is here to open your eyes on the child abuse issue. This is one of the major problems today we're facing around the world. All the governments had taken the strict actions on the matter, yet somewhere without being noticed domestically these things keeps happening. Such a theme was this film, which is not easy to digest the ugly truth it reveals.\r\n\r\nLooks like a B movie from the Denmark, the production quality was decent, but the topic of the film was very strong and that makes it a must see even if you think you're not made for the micro-budget, not-so-popular films.\r\n\r\nI've seen films like 'Trade', 'Taken', 'Eden' et cetera, but this is something a new angle about when parents are directly involved in the such dirty affairs. This story was about two brothers and their miserable childhood. After their mother died of an accident, they end up in the custody of their abusive father. Life won't be the same as it was before to them, but the eldest takes all the measures to protect his little brother. Unfortunately, it looks the fate is not on their side when a terrible thing unfolds after one bad evening, which leads to a chain of events before concluding the narration with a twist.\r\n\r\n> \"When I grow up I won't hit my kids.\"\r\n\r\nI am really lucky to find this film, which is yet to open its wings to reach the wider audience globally. I know this is not a film to have some good time, but might disturb you with its strong contents. Yes, the film has some of the bold scenes which strongly restricts for the adult's viewing. The film was shot in some of the beautiful locations, but what the story was dealing makes us to focus only on the cruelty the two minors are encountering.\r\n\r\nJust watch it to believe what's actually happening in the families of child abuse history. If this is what the fate of innocent children in the first world nation's lower class families, then imagine what about the second and the third world. If you had seen 'Trade of Innocents' and 'Graceland', you will get a clear picture.\r\n\r\nThe director and actors are all the fresh faces, but given a one good product as the theme wise. One of the few things I did not feel comfortable was the camera work. It was very shaky and in the initial part it had given me a hard time to get used to it. Because of that kind of screenplay, it looked like it was shot with a camcorder.\r\n\r\nThe others were the nude parts which were a bit unnecessary for a little film like this, but they went for a bold statement and I appreciate that effort. And finally the story, in some segments it did not convince me, as they were way too off from real like the accident in the beginning and dragging climax. If you won't mind these things considering it is a B movie, this film is definitely worth seeing. So here it goes my recommendation for the grown ups only.\r\n\r\n8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Law", "content": "It's very heartfelt and earnest and occasionally genuinely hard to watch but the problem is that, regardless of whether it's true to reality, the drama and the evil is so cartoonish that it starts to have the opposite of the intended effect on the audience. The camera shaking so much that I had motion sickness 20 minutes into the movie didn't help. This is one of those topics that requires a lot of skill and care, and the people involved weren't up to the task."}], "recommandations_id": [499802, 172539, 471155, 346638], "youtube_key": "3YgBh2PuDHs"}