{"tmdb_id": 395965, "title": "A Billion Lives", "original_title": "A Billion Lives", "slug_title": "a-billion-lives", "date": "2016-05-11", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "9.3/10", "synopsis": "In 20 years\u2019 time, there will be nearly 1.6 billion smokers around the world. Approximately 70% of smokers want to quit. The United Nations\u2019 World Health Organisation expects a billion people will die prematurely from smoking this century. The products their doctors recommend are rarely effective and many are trapped. A new vapour technology was invented to give smokers a successful way to quit. But it was quickly demonised, and even banned in many countries. A perfect storm is brewing between smokers trying to quit, government regulators, and health charities funded by the powerful pharmaceutical industry. Director Aaron Biebert travelled across four continents interviewing doctors, scientists, and others working to save a billion lives. What he found was profound government failure, widespread corruption in the public health community and powerful subversion by big business.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jCmysd8VgMtG6lBKH0Kjnmyc1gY.jpg", "actors": ["Clive Bates (Himself)", "Delon Human (Himself)", "Oliver Kershaw (Himself)", "Jeff Stiers (Himself)", "John Summers (Himself)", "Aaron Biebert (Narrator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"The solidly crafted three-act structure of Aaron Biebert\u2019s A Billion Lives provides a compelling, infuriating case study in big business dirty tricks...\"\r\n\r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2016/7/1/a-billion-lives.html"}, {"pseudo": "Andy", "content": "An excellent documentary aimed mainly towards anyone new to vaping or who has doubts as to the health benefits of vaping. Vapers have build a community together all with a common goal, and vaping should not be allowed to be controlled by the government. But unfortunatly goverments seem to have more power than the people as already seen in the EU and the USA. The EU has already wrongly classified e-liquid as a tobacco product under the Tobacco Product Directive (TPD) with its next goal being taxation."}], "recommandations_id": [366617, 513224], "youtube_key": "notfound"}