{"tmdb_id": 396060, "title": "Oo Nina Bobo", "original_title": "Oo Nina Bobo", "slug_title": "oo-nina-bobo", "date": "2014-03-20", "genre": [""], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "This is an Indonesian horror film based on the lullaby \u2018Oo Nina Bobo\u2019. The chilling tale depicts the life of a young boy whose entire family was murdered in their house and he has since become mentally unstable. A few years later, the young boy believes that the death of his family was no accident and they had fallen victim to a demon who is coming back to finish what it did not all those years ago.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6zzms8qZxcRKxqHgikSMiTlfaLM.jpg", "actors": ["Revalina S. Temat (Karina)", "Daniel Topan (Bams)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SkyGemini", "content": "The synopsis on this page is very accurate so I won't do a rehash of the plot. However...\r\n\r\nThat \"therapist\" seemed more interested in her wardrobe change, like 5+ times in 10 minutes, than actual therapy. She was totally clueless and I couldn't wait for the boogeyman to get her too. Highly improbable a hospital would let this happen--she wasn't his doctor and didn't even know him. The kid was becoming more traumatised by the minute. She spent more time sleeping, looking at herself on her tablet or watching tv than any actual therapy & even that was odd. It was just ten minutes of Ryan having convulsions. She'd start seeing things and completely ignore her own eyes. And when the therapist starts taking drugs, you know there's a problem. The therapy that \"worked\" was three lines of a lullaby which in itself was laughable. And how you could hide from said boogeyman, was hysterical. \r\n\r\nThe fat guy was ultra ridiculous, not funny & we are to believe after 5 years, a house would look like that. Even if you had it \"cleaned\" the day before. Like a fully furnished model home. This is after an entire family save one, was horrifically slaughtered. Just a silly mess. Nicely shot but that's all. Get some more lipgloss & say hello to Lala for me lol! 2/5"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}