{"tmdb_id": 39613, "title": "Private Gold 55: Gladiator II - In the City of Lust", "original_title": "Private Gold 55: Gladiator II - In the City of Lust", "slug_title": "private-gold-55-gladiator-ii-in-the-city-of-lust", "date": "2002-07-01", "genre": [""], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "General Maximus, after becoming a slave, returns to Rome. In his heart and his mind, he has only one desire: To take revenge on Comodus. But in order to do so he must first become a gladiator, win glory in the arena, make himself loved by the public, and become a myth. When he arrives in the city, he meets Domitila, Cesar's cousin, and an old love of his. When Domitila sees him again, she gives free rein to her passionate feelings, but must do battle with Siria, the slave-girl who is with Maximus. The second chapter of The Private Gladiator trilogy is even more spectacular than the first. In fact, after the battlefields, Maximus must fight again in the arena at the Coliseum, against gladiators and savage beasts. This second thrilling episode of the saga is also a faithful reconstruction of the amatory arts of Roman women, whether they were Patricians with an itch to scratch, or unbridled Plebeian women given to sodomy and gangbangs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/90iuSuY1TGfFjM1eDQKxCxHcwP1.jpg", "actors": ["Toni Ribas (Maxximus)", "Rita Faltoyano (Domitilla)", "Frank Gun (Commodus)", "Mandy Bright (Syria)", "David Perry (Black Widow)", "Sophie Evans ()", "Black Widow ()", "Cleare ()", "Alberto Rey (Vecio)", "Mike Foster ()", "Bob Terminator ()", "David Perry ()", "Cony Ferrara ((als Lisa))", "Cynthia Foxx ((als Cynthia))", "Thsanka ()", "Virgin Ester ()", "Steve Holmes (Falcus)", "Claudio Villa (Nike)", "Dieter Von Stein ()", "Leslie Taylor ()", "Julian St. Jox (Decius)", "Chris Mountain ()", "James Brossman (Tchanka)", "Attila Schuster ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}