{"tmdb_id": 3961, "title": "Leave It to Blondie", "original_title": "Leave It to Blondie", "slug_title": "leave-it-to-blondie", "date": "1945-02-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "After a nearly two-year layoff, Columbia revived its moneymaking \"Blondie\" series with 1945's Leave It to Blondie.  Older but no wiser, Blondie and Dagwood Bumstead (Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake) enter a songwriting contest.  It's all part of a plan to cover charity checks that they've signed separately but can't cover.  Along the way, Blondie's blood boils when Dagwood gets innocently mixed up with beautiful music teacher Rita Rogers (Marjorie Weaver).  The best scenes involve Dagwood's misguided efforts to cure a cold, leading to several motheaten but still reliable slapstick setpieces.  Leave it to Blondie proved that the series hadn't lost its humor as Dagwood is arrested for murder, obliging our heroine to solve the case herself. Former bandleader Kirby Grant registers well as the nominal hero, while Milburn Stone scores as an imitation Walter Winchell (named \"Winchester\", no less!)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qDNKe4s8PbR8Ei6vr2iCn6wddPA.jpg", "actors": ["Penny Singleton (Blondie Bumstead)", "Arthur Lake (Dagwood \" Dag \" Bumstead)", "Larry Simms (Alexander Bumstead)", "Marjorie Ann Mutchie (Cookie Bumstead)", "Daisy (Daisy)", "Marjorie Weaver (Rita Rogers)", "Jonathan Hale (J.C. Dithers)", "Chick Chandler (Eddie Baxter)", "Danny Mummert (Alvin Fuddle)", "Eula Morgan (Mrs. Laura Meredith)", "Arthur Space (Mr. Fuddle)", "Eddie Acuff (Mailman)", "Fred Graff (Henry)", "Jack Rice (Ollie Shaw)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}