{"tmdb_id": 396398, "title": "The Meyerowitz Stories", "original_title": "The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)", "slug_title": "the-meyerowitz-stories", "date": "2017-05-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Une famille new-yorkaise se r\u00e9unit en vue de la r\u00e9trospective du patriarche de la famille : l'artiste Harold.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c9teDTgwxgnb7wnZjZo4oNcF80R.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Danny Meyerowitz)", "Ben Stiller (Matthew Meyerowitz)", "Dustin Hoffman (Harold Meyerowitz)", "Emma Thompson (Maureen Meyerowitz)", "Grace Van Patten (Eliza Meyerowitz)", "Elizabeth Marvel (Jean Meyerowitz)", "Candice Bergen (Julia Meyerowitz)", "Adam Driver (Randy)", "Judd Hirsch (L.J. Shapiro)", "Rebecca Miller (Loretta Shapiro)", "Matthew Shear (Gabe)", "Sigourney Weaver (Sigourney Weaver)", "Danny Flaherty (Marcus)", "Adam David Thompson (Brian)", "David Cromer (Glenn Twitchell)", "James Hamilton (MOMA Guest)", "Josh Hamilton (Loretta's Friend)", "Gibson Frazier (Ma'itre d')", "Jordan Carlos (Waiter)", "Benjamin Thys (European Man)", "Lyne Renee (European Woman)", "Sakina Jaffrey (Dr. Malina Soni)", "Gayle Rankin (Pam)", "Michael Chernus (Male Nurse)", "Cindy Cheung (Nurse #1)", "Mandy Siegfried (Nurse #2)", "Victor Cruz (Doctor (ICU))", "Joel Bernstein (Doctor (End of Life))", "Jerry Matz (Paul Epstein)", "Germar Terrell Gardner (Paul's Nurse)", "Mickey Sumner (Woman at Bard)", "Justin Winley (Robin)", "Kareem Williams (Nurse's Aide)", "Carlos Jacott (Town Car Driver)", "Nico Baumbach (Whitney Employee)", "McManus Woodend (Gary)", "Annabelle Dexter-Jones (Gallery Girl)", "Marquis Rodriguez (College Kid #1)", "Jared Sandler (College Kid #2)", "Michael Birnberg (Restaurant Patron)", "Takako Haywood (Tourist #1)", "Michelle Santiago (Hospital Patient)", "Jason Daunno (Guy at the Gallery)", "Teniel Humeston (Gallery Girl)", "Ronald Peet (James)", "Barbara Danicka (Gallery Marchant)", "Hannah Mitchell (MOMA Employee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A family with artistic vision, well, almost!**\r\n\r\nThis is one of the first titles to attach with the upcoming Oscars. Yes, they also praised the Adam Sandler's performance, which saw a series stumble in the recent years. Besides, I believed in this director. The film also had Ben Stiller and Dustin Hoffman. All the fine actors with a fine filmmaker, this is one of the best dramas of the year. Not a family drama, though. And it is about almost a dysfunctional family. This kind of themes is always so fun to watch, and So I had a decent time with it.\r\n\r\nJust a week away for their father's artwork show, the two step-brothers and a sister had arrived. They have come individually, then one of them learns about news of selling the property and soon protests. Then the other brother's lunch date with his father does not go as planned. Later an unexpected emergency brings them all to unity. Following that, how the story ends are told in the rest of the running time.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a good film, but not that awesome kind. Only the cast makes it so precious, and everything else are almost seen in other similar flicks. Sandler has been doing some good roles recently, but this one was even better. It's just a different kind of comedy which still suits him. Nothing to say about Stiller and the rest of the cast. They all as good as each other. Recommended!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [429200, 394117, 342737, 411741]}