{"tmdb_id": 396557, "title": "Kids in Love", "original_title": "Kids in Love", "slug_title": "kids-in-love", "date": "2016-08-26", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Refusant de suivre le chemin tout trac\u00e9 par ses parents, Jack voit ses rep\u00e8res chamboul\u00e9s lorsqu\u2019il rencontre la belle Evelyn. \u00c0 ses c\u00f4t\u00e9s, il va s\u2019immerger dans l\u2019univers des soir\u00e9es s\u00e9lectives de la sc\u00e8ne londonienne, suivant ses nouveaux amis, dont la p\u00e9tillante Viola. Dans ce quotidien tourbillonnant, de f\u00eates en festivals, \u00e0 l\u2019aube de l\u2019\u00e2ge adulte, Jack va devoir d\u00e9terminer qui il est, et, surtout, qui il veut devenir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jhDhsqc6orxgaZ9MhG6pddF1aZg.jpg", "actors": ["Will Poulter (Jack)", "Alma Jodorowsky (Evelyn)", "Sebastian de Souza (Milo)", "Preston Thompson (Cassius)", "Cara Delevingne (Viola)", "Gala Gordon (Elena)", "Jamie Blackley (Tom)", "Pip Torrens (Graham)", "Geraldine Somerville (Linda)", "Jack Fox (Lars)", "Akash Heer (Waris)", "Alexander Pelling-Bruce (Dave)", "Aki Omoshaybi (Benjy)", "Daisy Boulton (Iona)", "Genevieve Gaunt (Issi)", "Robert Portal (Mr. Walker)", "Sarah Woodruff (Mrs. Walker)", "Denise Stephenson (Nancy)", "Jack Bannon (Felix)", "Sam Slaughter (Gabriel)", "Hannah Fritsch (Katerina)", "Finn Constantine (Charlie)", "Jumaane Brown (Preston)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Well, there's always a first time for everything.**\r\n\r\nComing-of-age romance-drama from Britain. Low budget film that was shot a couple of years ago, but saw a delayed release. Everybody knows Will Poulter from 'Narnia' and apart from that he had done a good number of big films, but most of them are side roles. This is his film, the story was told from his character.\r\n\r\nThe story of a teen boy who always been a good boy, but now after meeting a girl on the street, decides to explore the life on the crazy side. It was the affection on her that changed his path. His expectation was to make her fall in love with him back, but it was a complicated environment. What are all his options, and his attempts that leads to the story's end.\r\n\r\nTotally refreshing cast. It was Will Poulter's film, but if you see the film poster it was Cara Delevingne in the front with a big pose who has only a small part in the story. But the reason was, her face, the most marketable among others in the film. The film was not that good, though a decent one.\r\n\r\nThe story perspective and purpose was good, but a little slow, even for a shorter than 90 minute film. The French actress, Alma was good. I liked some of the film scenes, not the overall film. But a nice effort, only if it was set in Brasil, particularly that carnival scene, it would have been a very cheerful flick.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [241071, 414455, 254170, 340881], "youtube_key": "jGf_XcGptuc"}