{"tmdb_id": 39677, "title": "Private Gold 105: A Fucking Christmas Dinner", "original_title": "Private Gold 105: A Fucking Christmas Dinner", "slug_title": "private-gold-105-a-fucking-christmas-dinner", "date": "2009-12-01", "genre": [""], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me; 2 cocks in each hole and a double anal creampie. It's not traditional but the PRIVATE way to spend Christmas. Mrs. Miller, Mandy Bright, is in the kitchen preparing the Christmas dinner when her neighbor Mike Spencer offers his help. Minutes later he has his trousers at his feet stuffing her turkey from behind with sausage meat. Happy fucking Christmas neighbor! It's a typical Christmas scene, friends and family are tucking into the delicious Christmas dinner, chatting and drinking wine but this year there is a very special treat for Christmas pudding. Two sexy Santa strippers arrive to get the party started and before you can say jingle balls the unfinished plates of food and glasses are pushed away to make room for the horny couples and a festive fuck fest ensues. A glamorous cast of Christmas cuties; Claudia Rossi, Angelica Heart, Britney and the girls have their gift boxes overflowing with Christmas spirit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/48jlJdrfJbUxVIZOCzol6IggHFS.jpg", "actors": ["Aleska Diamond (Mary Miller)", "Angelica Heart (Sonja)", "Britney (Santa's Helper)", "Claudia Rossi (Mrs. Spencer)", "Mandy Bright (Mrs. Miller)", "Denis Marti (Mr. Miller)", "Kid Jamaica (Mike Spencer)", "Lauro Giotto (Mary's boyfriend)", "Ricardo Bell (John Miller)", "Joanne Sweet (Santa's helper)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}