{"tmdb_id": 396930, "title": "Le Parc", "original_title": "Le Parc", "slug_title": "le-parc", "date": "2017-01-04", "genre": "Romance", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "C\u2019est l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9, deux adolescents ont leur premier rendez-vous dans un parc. D\u2019abord h\u00e9sitants et timides, ils se rapprochent au gr\u00e9 de la promenade et tombent amoureux. Vient le soir, l\u2019heure de se s\u00e9parer\u2026 C\u2019est le d\u00e9but d\u2019une nuit sombre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/P6CAqRINn1rvH16mYiTOpLCEvI.jpg", "actors": ["Maxime Bachellerie ()", "Sob\u00e9r\u00e9 Sessouma ()", "Naomie Vogt-Roby ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reini Urban", "content": "Come and go in a park all afternoon long. \r\nTwo lovers, tender clumsy, roam the area, a public road side crushed light, the other undergrowth secrets, conducive to confidence and dalliances. \r\namong the experiences offered by the human condition, living a teenage love is among the most intense, one of those that will be the most sustainable we are. It's learning to cruelty, preferably in fine weather, fire of the heart. The park better than ever tells the difficult thanks debutantes loves, the coast path side. Two bodies we do not know what to do, it is too small, it too, seek to embrace, wishing to hug, but repel the moment, sensing qu'assouvir desire is to risk the release of paradise.\r\nOr there may be a way to reverse the spell, Damien Manivel reveals in the user manual. The park is literally magical as night falls, when the heroine starts with disarming ingenuity in a mad attempt to reconfigure the past. Unknowingly, she borrows from quantum physics that postulates that time does not exist and can be abolished.\r\nWith infinite delicacy, Damien Manivel manages a wonderfully sentimental tale without tears or frills. Concise and brilliant as a text message that night. Benoit Forgeard, filmmaker"}], "recommandations_id": [408198, 31337, 88534, 28137]}