{"tmdb_id": 396940, "title": "Super Dark Times", "original_title": "Super Dark Times", "slug_title": "super-dark-times", "date": "2017-09-29", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Deux lyc\u00e9ens ins\u00e9parables voient leur amiti\u00e9 profond\u00e9ment \u00e9branl\u00e9e \u00e0 la suite d'un terrible accident. Culpabilit\u00e9, parano\u00efa, folie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7sJoNicLJ9EZwetp5ucjS8qQ9g1.jpg", "actors": ["Owen Campbell (Zach)", "Charlie Tahan (Josh)", "Elizabeth Cappuccino (Allison)", "Max Talisman (Daryl)", "Sawyer Barth (Charlie)", "Amy Hargreaves (Karen)", "Adea Lennox (Meghan)", "Ethan Botwick (John Whitcomb)", "Philip H. Ashley (Chad)", "Justin Rose (Kevin)", "Kortnee Simmons (Eugene)", "Samantha Jones (Joan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Any time a movie looks like it's trying to hit the \"Fucked Up Coming of Age Movie\" notes, I'm interested. _Super Dark Times_ is perhaps not the grandest example of them all, but it's still a very good one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Secrets always find its way out!**\r\n\r\nActually not a bad film. Seeing the poster, you can expect the kids films like 'ET', 'Stand By Me', 'Goonies', et cetera kind. But it was a different. More matured kind of narration. Then the characters are still teenagers and as usual their mischievous lands them a big trouble. So the four friends set to wander around, but soon when they met with an accident, they decide to resolve it in their way. But it begins to take a twist when one of them goes berserk. Once again, they have to come up with something to end it all for good. It becomes more intense and ends with a decent finale.\r\n\r\nThe casting was so good. These boys were really great. The story does not look that fine, but the way it was made and performances puts it on the top. Looks like they are future big stars. It was from a cinematographer turned filmmaker. It's his first direction and a fine debut. I don't know the title meant exactly what the it had narrated, but convincing enough. So one of the decent thriller from the year, definitely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [470229, 406994, 392818, 354216], "youtube_key": "a-nnMkMnFbI"}