{"tmdb_id": 397393, "title": "Library Wars: Book Of Memories", "original_title": "\u56f3\u66f8\u9928\u6226\u4e89 BOOK OF MEMORIES", "slug_title": "library-wars-book-of-memories", "date": "2015-10-05", "genre": ["Romance / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Iku (Nana Eikura) joined the Library Defense Force after a member from that team retrieved an important book that was targeted for censorship. She is assigned to work under Atsushi\u2019s (Junichi Okada) team. She endures Atsushi's harsh treatment and looks for the member who retrieved her book. She also finds herself becoming attracted to Atsushi.  Iku meets female high school student Marie (Tao Tsuchiya) at the library. Maries has a hearing disability. She is also a childhood friend of Mikihisa (Kei Tanaka).  Iku senses Marie\u2019s strong feelings for Mikihisa.  Asako (Chiaki Kuriyama) works as a clerk for the Library Task Force. She has frequent meetings with curator Shuji (Aoi Nakamura). This creates complicated feelings for Hikaru (Sota Fukushi).  One day, Mikihisa is arrested because of a book he recommended to Marie. Official reason given is because the book is unsuitable for disabled people. The members of the Library Task Force are angered by Mikihisa's arrest.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5vFAKDQsBRystYMPE6cm6cuU21P.jpg", "actors": ["Junichi Okada (Atsushi Dojo)", "Nana Eikura (Iku Kasahara)", "Kei Tanaka (Mikihisa Komaki)", "Sota Fukushi (Hikaru Tezuka)", "Naomi Nishida (Maki Orikuchi)", "Jun Hashimoto (Ryusuke Kenta)", "Chiaki Kuriyama (Asako Shibasaki)", "K\u00f4ji Ishizaka (Iwao Nishina)", "Tao Tsuchiya (Marie Nakazawa)", "Aoi Nakamura (Shuji Asahina)", "Kazuyuki Aijima (Hajime Biitani)", "Ryushin Tei ()", "Kazuki Namioka ()", "Joji Abe ()", "Hiro Komura ()", "Takeo Nakahara (Katsuhiro Kasahara)", "Akiko Aitsuki (Toshiko Kasahara)", "Tori Matsuzaka (Satoshi Tezuka)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}