{"tmdb_id": 39787, "title": "Jacknife", "original_title": "Jacknife", "slug_title": "jacknife", "date": "1989-03-10", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un conflit se d\u00e9veloppe entre un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran du Vietnam en difficult\u00e9 et la s\u0153ur, il vit avec quand elle est impliqu\u00e9e romantiquement avec le copain de l'arm\u00e9e qui lui rappelle la tragique bataille ils ont tous deux surv\u00e9cu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9WiUP5AVYY2ecwHVj2Ae0MCCSsK.jpg", "actors": ["Robert De Niro (Joseph 'Jacknife' Megessey)", "Kathy Baker (Martha Flannigan)", "Ed Harris (David 'High School' Flannigan)", "Ivar Brogger (Depot Mechanic)", "Jordan Lund (Tiny)", "Charles S. Dutton (Jake, Veteran Encounter Group Leader)", "Bruce Ramsay (Corridor Student)", "Jessalyn Gilsig (His Girlfriend)", "Josh Pais (Rick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dave, Megs and Martha.\r\n\r\nJacknife is directed by David Jones and adapted to screenplay by Stephen Metcalfe from his own play Strange Snow. It stars Robert De Niro, Ed Harris and Kathy Baker. Music is by Bruce Broughton and cinematography by Brian West.\r\n\r\nDe Niro and Harris play two Vietnam War veterans trying to come to terms with their lives post the war. Things are further complicated when De Niro gets romantically involved with Harris sister played by Baker.\r\n\r\nWonderfully sedate and intimate, Jacknife, whilst not creating anything new in the \u201ccoming home from Nam\u201d genre of film, is somewhat refreshing in how it relies on dialogue and believable character interactions. Some cliches do find their way into the play later in the day as Harris\u2019 character starts to come out of is troubled shell, but this is mostly a thoughtful treatment of loneliness and the on going effects of the war. The three up top performances are well delivered, with De Niro unsurprisingly carrying the film with ease.\r\n\r\nA box office flop on release, there\u2019s a good chance that Jones\u2019 film came too late in the Vietnam War movie cycle. It\u2019s also safe to say that the slow pace and the dialogue heavy nature of it made it only appealing to a certain demographic of film lovers. It\u2019s worth seeking out now as an anti-dote to blunderbuss blockbusters, because it\u2019s good film making that has a story that is touching and often humorous, and for many of a certain era, it\u2019s all too real. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32060, 32855, 35868, 31945]}