{"tmdb_id": 397992, "title": "Tu m'as tellement manqu\u00e9", "original_title": "Fair Haven", "slug_title": "tu-m-as-tellement-manque", "date": "2017-03-03", "genre": "Familial / Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune gar\u00e7on retourne \u00e0 la ferme familiale apr\u00e8s une th\u00e9rapie de conversion.  Un retour \u00e9motionnel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lary9OSK5aYRtcFovAbPSVu5ueu.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Wopat (Richard Grant)", "Michael Grant (James Grant)", "Gregory Harrison (Doctor Gallagher)", "Jennifer Taylor (Ruby)", "Josh Green (Charlie Green)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**What's right for his eye is wrong for around him!**\r\n\r\nDid not get what I was looking for, but the film was enjoyable for its simpleness. Ordinary characters like you could find them in rural, and they are fighting for their beliefs. Caught between what's right for his own eye, but wrong for others, a teenager named James who is about to admit to a college is tangled up in a romance puzzle. After returning from rehab, now he has to comply with the expectations around him. His father does all he can to help him out, but seems not understood his position very well. In his short period of stay before the college, all the developments he sees are revealed to us.\r\n\r\nFor a B movie, it has a better quality. Impressive in all the level, but not very exciting screenplay. Usually predictable scenes and dialogues. Seems more like would have been a better short film than a feature film. Being a 90 minute stretch, there's nothing to remember the film after a few days its watch. Everything's are already seen in one or the other films. So watching it once would make you no harm, but not a must see, even if you are a big backer of LGBT. Just have a low expectation, that's all.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [460437, 151693, 256196, 287855]}