{"tmdb_id": 39807, "title": "Doc West", "original_title": "Doc West", "slug_title": "doc-west", "date": "2009-09-07", "genre": "Western / Action", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une partie de poker qui a mal tourn\u00e9, Doc West, l\u00e9gende de l'Ouest am\u00e9ricain, se retrouve en prison. Son pass\u00e9 est alors expos\u00e9 \u00e0 la vue de tous. Mais quand une guerre \u00e9clate dans la ville, il doit finalement choisir son camp, entre les proscrits et les citoyens honn\u00eates qui l'ont montr\u00e9 du doigt.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/woQ5fFVQf3oFBqGzgHXLuqE6weW.jpg", "actors": ["Terence Hill (Minnesota West / Doc West)", "Paul Sorvino (Sheriff Roy Basehart)", "Boots Southerland (Nathan Mitchell)", "Clare Carey (Denise Stark)", "Adam Taylor (Victor Baker)", "Alessio Di Clemente (Garvey)", "Kisha Sierra (Maria)", "Micah Alberti (Burt Baker)", "Linus Huffman (Jack Baker)", "Maria Bethke (Villager Woman)", "Darrian Chavez (Estrella Ramos)", "Benjamin Petry (Silver)", "Gianni Biasetti Sr. (Larry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***The return of Terence Hill (aka Mario Girotti)***\r\n\r\nChasing some bandits, a mysterious man who drinks tea (Terence Hill), not alcohol, comes to Holy Sand, New Mexico, where he provokes the ire of delinquents (e.g. Alessio Di Clemente), the friendship of the Sheriff (Paul Sorvino), the romantic desires of a woman (Clare Carey) and the respect of the citizens in general.\r\n\r\n\u201cDoc West\u201d was released to TV in 2009 and has a sequel, \u201cTriggerman,\u201d released the same year. These movies marked the return of Terence Hill to the Western genre after fifteen years. He had (and has) movie-star good looks and was known for Spaghetti Westerns in the 60s-70s, like \u201cGod Forgives\u2026 I don\u2019t\u201d (1967), \u201cDjango, Prepare a Coffin\u201d (1968), \u201cBoot Hill\u201d (1969) and the Trinity flicks. I suppose you could call him the Euro version of Clint Eastwood, but not really since he never attained Eastwood\u2019s fame and clout. His voice was dubbed in all those old Westerns due to his thick accent, but here you can finally hear his real voice.\r\n\r\nBeing a TV Western, \u201cDoc West\u201d lacks the technical proficiency of Sergio Leone\u2019s \u201cMy Name is Nobody\u201d (1973) and has a few cartoonish CGI elements (the snake, the fire, etc.), but it\u2019s certainly watchable, has a great Western town set, plus additional glorious Southwestern locations. The story is interesting enough, but it could\u2019ve been more compelling with a rewrite or two. It\u2019s the likableness of the protagonists and the warmhearted tone where the movie shines. Sorvino as the Sheriff basically takes Bud Spencer\u2019s role as Terence\u2019s burly sidekick.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 37 minutes and was shot at Bonanza Creek, Santa Fe, New Mexico.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [55093, 44699, 46570, 11719]}