{"tmdb_id": 39814, "title": "Salvage", "original_title": "Salvage", "slug_title": "salvage", "date": "2010-03-22", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Les habitants d'un quartier de Liverpool sont brusquement confront\u00e9s \u00e0 la violence et \u00e0 la peur lorsqu'un groupe de militaires surarm\u00e9s bloque tous les acc\u00e8s au quartier et ordonne sans m\u00e9nagement aux r\u00e9sidents de s'enfermer chez eux. Que se passe-t-il? Attaque terroriste? Accident nucl\u00e9aire? Paniqu\u00e9e, Neve, une m\u00e8re de famille, n'a qu'une obsession: aller r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer sa fille r\u00e9fugi\u00e9e dans la maison situ\u00e9e de l'autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 de la rue. Pris au pi\u00e8ge de leur propre quartier, les habitants d\u00e9couvrent qu'ils doivent faire face \u00e0 un danger bien plus monstrueux que ce qu'ils avaient imagin\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hI3pDALLgdnY0bWC44Y7EzqdpCE.jpg", "actors": ["Shahid Ahmed (Mr Sharma)", "Sufian Ashraf (Mrs. Sharma)", "Ben Batt (Trooper Jones)", "Linzey Cocker (Jodie)", "Trevor Hancock (The Savage)", "Kevin Harvey (Akede)", "Paul Howell (Soldier B)", "Ray Nicholas (Sergeant Major)", "Jake Norton (Newsreader)", "Paul Opacic (. Corporal Simms)", "Alan Pattison (Peter Davis)", "Martin Pemberton (Soldier A)", "Debbie Rush (Pam)", "Kyle Ward (Paperboy)", "Shaun Dooley (Kieran)", "Neve McIntosh (Beth)", "Dean Andrews (Clive)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Salvage Savage.\r\n \r\nSalvage is directed by Lawrence Gough and written by Colin O\u2019Donnell and Alan Patterson. It stars Neve McIntosh, Shaun Dooley and Linzey Cocker.  \r\n \r\nIt\u2019s Christmas Eve, The Wirral, Merseyside, and 14 year old Jodie is reluctantly spending Christmas with her estranged mother, Beth. But family strife is to be the last of their worries, for soon this small cul-de-sac in the North West of England will become a battle for survival as something is loose and on the kill, and the army has got itchy trigger fingers\u2026\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s perfectly understandable that some horror lovers come out of watching Salvage immensely disappointed at getting yet another spin on the \u201ccreature/infected human/zombie on the loose\u201d formula. There\u2019s nothing exactly fresh here in terms of plotting, but considering the minimalist budget and sparsity of production aids, first time director Lawrence Gough has done a bang up job with this picture. The suspense factor is high, where McIntosh\u2019s (excellent) frantic mother tries to stay alive long enough to rescue her daughter from a house just across the road. Something which sounds simple in premise, but as the film unfolds, this proves to be a tense, fraught and nail biting mission. While the fact that the two main characters have been humanised, deep flaws and all, puts added spice to the survivalist horror.\r\n \r\nAs Mcintosh and Dooley (very good), the latter a one night stand liaison forced into the battle for survival along with some self examination, prowl around with fear and stoic bravado, themes of paranoia, prejudice and military over-kill slide easily alongside the jolts and blood. Nothing is crowbarred in here, the gore is kept in check and the politico rumblings remain just that, rumblings and not vociferous lectures over the loud speakers. The mystery element remains strong as well, where it\u2019s so nice to see a fledgling director not playing the hand too early. Once the \u201creveal\u201d comes we are in frantic territory as we literally hurtle through stalk the prey land and finish with a finale that is bleak and deserves credit for having the audacity.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s badly under valued on the big internet movie sites, which is a crying shame, because it is damned by familiarity of other genre pieces, where the low budget skill in the film making process doesn\u2019t appear to be taken into consideration. No this is not a terrifying and breakneck paced picture, but it has its moments without doubt and certainly deserves better appraisal notices than those afforded the likes of Creep and the recently awful Storage 24. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [180276, 60950, 327674, 224997], "youtube_key": "notfound"}