{"tmdb_id": 398265, "title": "Traded", "original_title": "Traded", "slug_title": "traded", "date": "2016-06-10", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "In the 1880s western \"Traded\", a father must leave his ranch for Dodge City to save his daughter from an old enemy, putting his reputation as the fastest draw in the west to the test.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5ks3VJSSU5qXB5nyaNmZgy0R1Py.jpg", "actors": ["Kris Kristofferson (Billy)", "Trace Adkins (Ty Stover)", "Michael Par\u00e9 (Clay)", "Tom Sizemore (Lavoie)", "Martin Kove (Cavendish)", "Constance Brenneman (Amelia)", "Brittany Elizabeth Williams (Lily)", "Angelique Kenney (Frenchie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Father relentlessly pursues his enslaved daughter in the gritty Old West\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2016 and directed by Timothy Woodward Jr., \"Traded\" stars Michael Par\u00e9 as a father ruthlessly pursuing his runaway daughter (Brittany Elizabeth Williams) who has fallen prey to slavers in the prostitution trade. Trace Adkins plays an intimidating saloon owner while Kris Kristofferson is on hand as a bartender seeking redemption from the filth he\u2019s forced to live amidst. Tom Sizemore plays a nasty buyer in the slave-whore business.   \r\n\r\nThis is a low-budget Western that has some technical weaknesses, like dubious continuity/editing, but a compelling story, gritty tone, brutal violence and fine locations, costuming & score. If you don\u2019t appreciate dark, violent modern Grade B Westerns like \u201cHickok\u201d (2017) and \u201c6 Guns\u201d (2010) don\u2019t bother. The plot is obviously a melding of \u201cHardcore\u201d (1979) and \u201cTaken\u201d (2008) in the Old West, but without the blockbuster resources. There are a lot of UN-pleasant elements as we see what those saloon babes REALLY had to go through in the Old West.       \r\n\r\nThere are some unexpected highlights, like Marie Oldenbourg as \u201cGirl\u201d in a meaty subplot, but the way it concludes (the subplot) is a missed opportunity. As dark and brutal as the movie is, there are thankfully brief rays of light, hope, reverence and (hopefully) happiness.  \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 38 minutes and was shot at Paramount Ranch, Agoura, California and areas nearby. WRITER: Mark Esslinger.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [362373, 376501, 339161, 385309], "youtube_key": "HlslkeVJCk8"}