{"tmdb_id": 39834, "title": "Les Inconnus dans la ville", "original_title": "Violent Saturday", "slug_title": "les-inconnus-dans-la-ville", "date": "1955-04-01", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Trois bandits se faisant passer pour des repr\u00e9sentants arrivent dans la ville mini\u00e8re de Bradenville avec l'intention d'en attaquer la banque. De leur chambre d'h\u00f4tel, ils \u00e9tudient le comportement des habitants afin de mettre au point leur plan. Ils conviennent tous les trois d'attaquer la banque le samedi au matin cinq minutes avant midi, heure de la fermeture, et ils choisissent comme relais une ferme amish pour changer de voiture. Au jour pr\u00e9vu, les trois bandits attaquent la banque, non sans avoir auparavant pris en otage un mineur consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme un l\u00e2che par son fils, et la famille amish de la ferme devant leur servir de relais. Le mineur parvient toutefois \u00e0 se lib\u00e9rer et \u00e0 donner du fil \u00e0 retordre aux bandits lorsque ceux-ci reviennent \u00e0 la ferme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zZQmZgamK4lSA4rBz8dbkfoNhsw.jpg", "actors": ["Victor Mature (Shelley Martin)", "Richard Egan (Boyd Fairchild)", "Stephen McNally (Harper (bank robber))", "Virginia Leith (Linda Sherman)", "Tommy Noonan (Harry Reeves, Bank Manager)", "Lee Marvin (Dill, Bank Robber)", "Margaret Hayes (Mrs. Emily Fairchild)", "J. Carrol Naish (Chapman, Bank Robber)", "Sylvia Sidney (Elsie Braden)", "Ernest Borgnine (Stadt, Amish Farmer)", "Dorothy Patrick (Helen Martin)", "Billy Chapin (Steve Martin)", "Brad Dexter (Gil Clayton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Brandenville Broth. \r\n\r\nViolent Saturday is directed by Richard Fleischer and adapted to screenplay by Sydney Boehm from the novel of the same name written by William L. Heath. It stars Victor Mature, Richard Egan, Lee Marvin, Stephen McNally, J. Carrol Naish, Tommy Noonan, Ernest Borgnine, Virginia Leith and Sylvia Sidney. Music is by Hugo Friedhoffer and cinematography by Charles G. Clarke. \r\n\r\nStand Pat and Resist Evil. \r\n\r\nA simmering powder keg of criminality told in beautiful De Luxe and CinemaScope, Violent Saturday is one of the definitions of a slow burn movie that pays off with explosive aplomb. \r\n\r\nThe town of Brandenville is the scene of a planned bank robbery by a trio of baddies led by Harper (McNally). The narrative has the trio arrive in town and plan for the robbery, as they move about the populace, a whole bunch of sub-plots pop up to maintain maximum interest and to of course set up the drama involving the robbery and the subsequent attempts at a getaway. \r\n\r\nI don't blame him \u2013 she moves like a Swiss watch. \r\n\r\nThe characters are prime noir dwellers, they range from thieving dames and tramp wives, to a peeping tom, a drunkard husband and also a guilt ridden father, and this before we even get to the villains! Who, with Marvin in prime Benzedrine sniffing scumbag mode (he thinks nothing of hurting children), are truly shifty operators personified. \r\n\r\nThe Arizona locale is beautifully utilised by Fleischer and Clarke, belying the harsh side of the human condition that comes roaring out the Brandenville traps as the pic enters the final third. There's some murky moralising in said last third that irritates, more so when it involves a badly miscast Borgnine as a Quaker! While one character strand is annoyingly left dangling. \r\n\r\nSo it's not perfect by any stretch of the imagination. In fact some of the cast were less than enamoured with either their work on the film or the attitude of others around them. Yet, and while understanding the reticence of some to not afford it film noir status, it has the requisite characterisations and nasty bite to keep noiristas very happy indeed 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36521, 66812, 83995, 29100], "youtube_key": "NICFrXCOGb0"}