{"tmdb_id": 39862, "title": "Crocodile 2: Death Swamp", "original_title": "Crocodile 2: Death Swamp", "slug_title": "crocodile-2-death-swamp", "date": "2002-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Un criminel, qui transporte de l'argent et de l'or vol\u00e9s, d\u00e9tourne un avion qui s'\u00e9crase dans un marais mexicain o\u00f9 les survivants sont terroris\u00e9s par un crocodile g\u00e9ant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5NKUMW6qbNna8yF7RPnkHkuq6bi.jpg", "actors": ["Heidi Lenhart (Mia)", "Jon Sklaroff (Sol)", "Martin Kove (Roland)", "Darryl Theirse (Max)", "David Valcin (Justin)", "James Parks (Squid)", "Steven Moreno (Brian)", "Chuck Walczak (Zach)", "Billy Rieck (Pete)", "Anna Cranage (Julie)", "Dan Martin (Pilot)", "Sean Euro (Sean)", "Suzanne Thirumur (Reese)", "Teea Laitinen (Amanda)", "Lalith Sharma (Federale)", "Vinay Shanker Ponde (Bartender)", "Eddy Chamichian (Co-Pilot)", "Rachel Henry (Injured Passenger)", "Alison Learned Wolf (Counter Attendant)", "Amera Pasha (News Reporter)", "Frank DeMartini (Taxi Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Survival in the swamp creature feature***\r\n\r\nA nasty group of American bank robbers board a plane to Acapulco, but the craft crashes in a huge swamp. While the thugs and several captives try to make it back to civilization they are stalked by a large legendary crocagator that dwells in the bog. Meanwhile, the beau of one of the flight attendants hires a bush pilot to search for any survivors.\r\n\r\n\u201cCrocodile 2: Death Swamp\u201d (2002) may be a Grade B creature feature, but it\u2019s surprisingly ambitious. The survival-in-the-swamp angle is refreshing and there\u2019s an adventurous air. The criminals are really wicked and the desperate situation just makes \u2018em worse. Although the budget is lower, it\u2019s comparable to \u201cAnaconda\u201d (1997) and \u201cAnacondas: Hunt for the Blood Orchid\u201d (2004). It\u2019s technically not as good as either of those, but it\u2019s not far off. The main weakness is the sometimes weak CGI for the creature.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, the better of the two women is gone by the halfway point (Anna Cranage as Julie). But Heidi Lenhart (as Mia) is a\u2019right, I guess.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 20 minutes and was shot in India, with studio work done in Hyderabad.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [40466, 42187, 110004, 74006], "youtube_key": "UZ21DPgjwdY"}