{"tmdb_id": 39874, "title": "Meurtres \u00e0 la Saint Valentin", "original_title": "My Bloody Valentine", "slug_title": "meurtres-a-la-saint-valentin", "date": "1981-02-11", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Lors du bal de la St-valentin, cinq mineurs trouvent la mort dans une explosion dans la mine. Harry Warden, l'un des mineurs, a surv\u00e9cu et se venge de ses coll\u00e9gues en massacrant ceux qui \u00e9taient partis au bal. Des ann\u00e9es plus tard, les jeunes de la ville veulent r\u00e9organiser le bal. Mais les crimes recommencent et, pour six jeunes partis dans la mine, ce n'est que le d\u00e9but d'un long cauchemar.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bbuveYutpL2IYwAlZBpZnT8pfUG.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Kelman (Jessie 'T.J.' Hanniger)", "Lori Hallier (Sarah)", "Neil Affleck (Axel Palmer)", "Keith Knight (Hollis)", "Cynthia Dale (Patty)", "Alf Humphreys (Howard Landers)", "Helene Udy (Sylvia)", "Rob Stein (John)", "Thomas Kovacs (Mike Stavinski)", "Terry Waterland (Harriet)", "Carl Marotte (Dave)", "Jim Murchison (Tommy Whitcomb)", "Gina Dick (Gretchen)", "Peter Cowper (The Miner & Harry Warden)", "Don Francks (Chief Jake Newby)", "Patricia Hamilton (Mabel)", "Larry Reynolds (Mayor Hanniger)", "Jack Van Evera (Happy)", "Jeff Banks (Young Axel)", "Marguerite McNeil (Mrs. Raleigh)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Love me love my pickaxe.\r\n\r\nSlasher films from the 1980s are legion for they are many, unsurprisingly the quality varies and the advent of time has dimmed their impact somewhat. My Bloody Valentine is middle of the road, blighted by cuts to its gore scenes, it\u2019s a film that has had to work hard to earn its cult following. It\u2019s a good old stalk and slash revenger based around a coal mine where a tragedy happened many moons ago. The mystery element is strong enough to maintain interest, and although the formula is consistently one dimensional for the genre of the time, it operates well above average for the gore and blood hounds.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s some bad acting and some even worse moustaches! While expectation of a hidden slasher gem will only end in disappointment. But what it does it does well and a good time is assured for the undemanding horror peeps. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36599, 13567, 24913, 40969]}