{"tmdb_id": 399055, "title": "La Forme de l'eau", "original_title": "The Shape of Water", "slug_title": "la-forme-de-l-eau", "date": "2017-12-01", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique / Romance", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Modeste employ\u00e9e d'un laboratoire gouvernemental ultra-secret, Elisa m\u00e8ne une existence morne et solitaire, d'autant plus isol\u00e9e qu'elle est muette. Sa vie bascule \u00e0 jamais lorsqu'elle et sa coll\u00e8gue Zelda d\u00e9couvrent une exp\u00e9rience encore plus secr\u00e8te que les autres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c8lQpZWiRgv671BPu9bgzuFkveC.jpg", "actors": ["Sally Hawkins (Elisa Esposito)", "Doug Jones (The Asset)", "Michael Shannon (Richard Strickland)", "Richard Jenkins (Giles)", "Octavia Spencer (Zelda Fuller)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Dr. Robert Hoffstetler)", "David Hewlett (Fleming)", "Nick Searcy (General Hoyt)", "Stewart Arnott (Bernard)", "Nigel Bennett (Mihalkov)", "Lauren Lee Smith (Elaine Strickland)", "Martin Roach (Brewster Fuller)", "Allegra Fulton (Yolanda)", "John Kapelos (Mr. Arzounian)", "Morgan Kelly (Pie Guy)", "Wendy Lyon (Sally)", "Madison Ferguson (Tammy Strickland)", "Jayden Greig (Timmy Strickland)", "Deney Forrest (Lou)", "Brandon McKnight (Duane)", "Dru Viergever (Military Policeman)", "Cyndy Day (Pie Guy's Fianc\u00e9e)", "Marvin Kaye (Burly Russian)", "Jim Pagiamtzis (1960's Ad Man)", "Cameron Laurie (Car Passenger)", "Alexey Pankratov (Soviet violinist)", "Shane Clinton Jarvis (Military Police)", "Evgeny Akimov (Restaurant Musician)", "Dave Reachill (Scientist)", "Matthew Mease (Military Police)", "Amanda Smith (Mrs. Peabody)", "Maxine Grossman (Bus Passenger)", "Edward Tracz (Amphibian Man Dance Double)", "Shaila D'Onofrio (Elisa Dance Double)", "Vanessa Oude-Reimerink (Russian Band)", "Sergey Nikonov (Russian Band)", "Jonelle Gunderson (Bus Passenger #1)", "Cylde Whitham (Wet Cinema Patron)", "Dan Lett (Cadillac Salesman)", "Danny Waugh (African American Husband)", "Karen Glave (African American Wife)", "Diego Fuentes (Worker)", "Cody Ray Thompson (Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not just a love letter to the Creature from the Black Lagoon, but to cinema itself. Del Toro's _The Shape of Water_ is the \"Who is the real monster?\" question taken to the nth degree, with some some fascinating side-concepts that are explored just enough to be worthwhile. At the end of the day _The Shape of Water_, at its most stripped back, is a movie about fucking a fish. But it's the kind of movie about fucking a fish that should also probably win the Academy Award for Best Picture.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb47633491", "content": "GDT's first truly great flick. The R-Rated Family Movie schtick always came off as silly or had a story too dull to carry its own weight. Characters and morality are two dimensional; the world functions via cartoon logic. But the love story here is precious. Could be argued it's an apologist film for zoophilia, considering the amphibian shows little intelligence beyond that of a dog."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bend me, shape me, anyway you want me!\r\n\r\nGuillermo del Toro directs and co-writes with Vanessa Taylor what would turn out to be the Best Picture Academy Award Winner for 2017. A much loved film that's not without dissention in certain quarters, it's a picture that warrants dissention but it should be noted that just because someone doesn't like it, that doesn't make it a bad film. I'm certainly in the camp that finds it over praised, even annoyingly disappointing, whilst appreciating many of the facets within its production.\r\n\r\nStory in simple terms is a Beauty and the Beast like fable where Sally Hawkins' mute cleaning lady Elisa Esposito falls in love with a captured Amphibian Man. Amphibian Man is known by the government types as The Asset, and as the Cold War rises and 60s paranoia takes a hold, the American big wigs want to vivisect the special species to learn from it. Elisa, after courting \"The Asset\", enlists the help of close friends and plots to free the creature from its captivity in the underground medical bunker labyrinth place.\r\n\r\nNow as simple as that sounds, there is more to it than that, del Toro and Taylor whilst enveloping the pic in a fantasy realm feel, ensure messages are thrust hard at the viewers. Be it the racial disharmony, the quest for different walks of life finding love with each other, the cry for humans to stop being bad and killing things because they don't understand them, torture is evil and etc etc. It's all right there in your face and we get it. So plot maybe simple but for sure there's a lot being said in the narrative.\r\n\r\nYet as great as it looks, and it's superbly acted by Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins and Octavia Spencer, it just to me loses its way come the mid-point, getting daft and even getting a little icky into the bargain. I have no problem with improbabilities and outrageous contrivances here, this is del Toro painting one of his fantastical worlds - only on Earth in the early 60s! But the pay off is poor, hinging on a twist that's not only ridiculous, but insulting as well because otherwise the pic would be very troubling indeed. No art deco eye orgasms or vibrant characterisations can compensate for a film that runs out of steam.\r\n\r\nThat said, I was glad to have watched it, there's even a possibility I could return to it in the future - this is very good film making. But it's not a great film by any stretch of the imagination and not for the first time in the Academy's long history, many are baffled by their choice of Best Picture winner. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [359940, 391713, 389015, 399404]}