{"tmdb_id": 399019, "title": "Les Proies", "original_title": "The Beguiled", "slug_title": "les-proies", "date": "2017-06-23", "genre": "Drame / Western", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "La vie d\u2019un pensionnat de jeunes filles dans l\u2019Etat de Virginie en 1864. Alors que la guerre civile fait rage, le pensionnat pour jeunes filles de Miss Martha Farnsworth reste totalement coup\u00e9 du monde \u2013 jusqu\u2019\u00e0 ce qu\u2019\u00e0 proximit\u00e9, soit d\u00e9couverte un soldat bless\u00e9 que le pensionnat va h\u00e9berger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cokjeTw9gF4GxFN0aTMygf1mp5l.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Farrell (Corporal John McBurney)", "Nicole Kidman (Martha Farnsworth)", "Kirsten Dunst (Edwina Morrow)", "Elle Fanning (Alicia)", "Oona Laurence (Amy)", "Angourie Rice (Jane)", "Addison Riecke (Marie)", "Emma Howard (Emily)", "Wayne P\u00e9re (Captain)", "Matt Story (Confederate Soldier)", "Rod J. Pierce (Confederate Soldier)", "Joel Albin (Cavalry Man)", "Eric Ian (Confederate Soldier (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The lust and the destruction!**\r\n\r\nI neither read the book, nor seen the original film. It was a small slice of the American civil war. But did not focused on the actual war. A fictional drama that followed an injured soldier who sheltered in a girls school was looked after well by the stayed back teachers and students. While he was recovering, fallen in love with one of the women. But everybody else too had a little crush on him since he's the one man around. That causes a bump, following a twist in the tale, all comes to halt.\r\n\r\nA simple and nice drama. Best picks for the roles. But Kristen Dunst did not sync-in with the rest of the girls. Nice clothings too, a perfect recreation of the mid 19th century. I enjoyed it, good for watching at once, but I bet those who watched both the version would go for the old one. Especially for Clint Eastwood. Though Colin Ferrell was not bad in this. Not the best film from Sofia Coppola compared with her others, definitely not worst either.\r\n\r\n**7/10**"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A well acted Civil War drama, but one that perhaps would have played better on the stage of a theatre than the screen of a cinema.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [410117, 413998, 400617, 399057]}