{"tmdb_id": 39909, "title": "Bone Sickness", "original_title": "Bone Sickness", "slug_title": "bone-sickness", "date": "2004-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.2/10", "synopsis": "Alex souffre d'une maladie incurable qui le change en goule. Sa femme Kristen sollicite l'aide de Thomas, l'ami d'Alex, pour trouver un rem\u00e8de.\r Thomas travaille \u00e0 la morgue et d\u00e9cide de pr\u00e9lever des membres sur les cadavres pour en faire une mixture pour ensuite la faire boire \u00e0 Alex. La m\u00e9dication inhabituelle fonctionne parfaitement et Alex commence \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer.\r Mais les morts se sentent abus\u00e9s et reviennent \u00e0 la vie pour se venger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jzchVZ8jJntv8iju4ftwUCMGlVH.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Barbare (Inspector Seacrest)", "Griff Brohman (Zombie (as Griffen Brohman))", "Brian DeClercq (Swat & Zombie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Greigh Johanson", "content": "We may be used to zombie movies these days, but none quite so original as **Bone Sickness**. **Brian Paulin** hands us a classic \"rise from the grave\"-film with old-school effects. But I'm not positive charged for this movie, because it carries more flaws than it succeeds to carry up. The film starts very strong, with a good performance, a good storyline and great passion, but **Brian** manages his work careless into the mid-movie. I don't think the special effects are fantastically alluring to watch at, it's because the poor editing that removes the ultimate experience. It jumps from scene to scene and shows designs from different angles with some really bad cuts. And the story seemed to suffer with it towards the end, when the film meaningful measures aimed at the audience become lost in a series of uninteresting effects.\r\n\r\n**Bone Sickness** is a nice try that could have been better. Light-set is such as beneath contempt and the actors are not the best team. But to speak good about the movie, I get to say that **Brian** actually has worked diligently for such a none-budget film. Most of the buildings and properties is home buildings which he made in his garage and constitution of the zombies are really scary executed. I also liked the scenes with the worms and the sound effects in this movie is probably among the juiciest you can find on film. I think **Andrey Iskanov** and **Brian Paulin** is in their heels with those sounds. It sounds like a tight pussy get squeezed in an Asian porn.\r\n\r\nThis is a film that must have been seen in order to be able to understand its complete entirety. Possibly it will be your last trip in **Brian Paulin**'s odd world, but do you like old-school movies with a content of breasts, dirty zombies and much of gore, you'll probably appreciate it."}], "recommandations_id": [94265, 118622, 36837, 70066], "youtube_key": "notfound"}