{"tmdb_id": 399127, "title": "WWE Money in the Bank 2016", "original_title": "WWE Money in the Bank 2016", "slug_title": "wwe-money-in-the-bank-2016", "date": "2016-06-19", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "A professional wrestling pay-per-view event featuring WWE World Heavyweight Champion Roman Reigns vs. Seth Rollins, a dream match between John Cena and AJ Styles, a Money in the Bank Ladder Match and much more!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2qAaQx0AWGkKS2K1a5uS0BPzAxQ.jpg", "actors": ["Leati Anoa'i (Roman Reigns)", "Colby Lopez (Seth Rollins)", "Kevin Steen (Kevin Owens)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Rami Sebei (Sami Zayn)", "Jonathan Good (Dean Ambrose)", "Claudio Castagnoli (Cesaro)", "Alberto Rodriguez (Alberto Del Rio)", "Allen Neal Jones (A.J. Styles)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Matt Rehwoldt (Aiden English)", "John Smith (Simon Gotch)", "Eric Arndt (Enzo Amore)", "Bill Morrissey (Colin Cassady)", "Chad Allegra (Karl Anderson)", "Andrew Hankinson (Luke Gallows)", "Ettore Ewen (Big E)", "Austin Watson (Xavier Woods)", "Kofi Sarkodie-Mensah (Kofi Kingston)", "Thomas Pestock (Baron Corbin)", "Nick Nemeth (Dolph Ziggler)", "Ashley Fliehr (Charlotte)", "Ashley Mae Sebera (Dana Brooke)", "Natalie Neidhart (Natalya)", "Rebecca Quin (Becky Lynch)", "Sesugh Uhaa (Apollo Crews)", "Stephen Farrelly (Sheamus)", "Miroslav Barnyashev (Rusev)", "C.J. Perry (Lana)", "Thaddeus Bullard (Titus O'Neil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Thirdmango", "content": "Tag Team Match - 3.5\r\n\r\nI'm not sure what happened here but there was a lot and I mean a lot of sloppiness in this bout. I enjoyed it a lot and would have rated it higher if it was cleaner. But especially near the end it was just chaos without the substance. I'm still glad the vaudevillains are in it though. I hope the succeed. \r\n\r\nDolph Ziggler vs. Baron Corbin - 3.5\r\n\r\nProbably the best match between these two so far. I didn't see all of it cause either my internet or the network was messing up. I do hope this is the end of this feud. \r\n\r\nDivas Match - 3.5 \r\n\r\nOnce again a decent match. I love Becky Lynch, I know everyone wants Sasha but Becky is my favorite. Becky vs. Nattie will be a good feud. \r\n\r\nApollo Crews vs. Sheamus - 3\r\n\r\nNot bad. A fun match with nothing really happening. Fine match. \r\n\r\nAJ Styles vs. John Cena - 4\r\n\r\nGood match. Fun, good to see these two go at it and that was the right finish. \r\n\r\nMoney in the Bank - 4.5\r\n\r\nGreat ladder match that did all of the usual things. Nothing new but still fun. Good person to win. \r\n\r\nRusev vs. Titus - N/A\r\n\r\nI didn't watch this. I instead watched the ending to the NBA finals. If I go back and watch it I'll update this but as it was one of the matches I didn't care about I doubt I will. \r\n\r\nRoman Reigns vs. Seth Rollins - 4.5 \r\n\r\nGreat ending. Even better twist at the end. Fantastic way to end this PPV."}], "recommandations_id": [395876, 423553, 414635, 401727], "youtube_key": "notfound"}