{"tmdb_id": 399136, "title": "Katha Solla Porom", "original_title": "Katha Solla Porom", "slug_title": "katha-solla-porom", "date": "2016-05-20", "genre": "Drame", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bGIyPDoew5Ge4E1lTZVpmZ1HYqI.jpg", "actors": ["Adukalam Naren ()", "Shibana ()", "Arvind ()", "Raveena ()", "Aravind Raghunath ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "Katha Solla Porom resembles a TV drama, both in the scenes that feature adults and those that have kids. It unfolds in a manner that suggests that the director came up with a solid one-line story but then forgot to turn this into a film with fully fleshed-out characters and involving sub-plots. \r\n\r\nThe film begins with a man (Naren) losing his new-born child. He and the cops go after the woman who stole it, but she meets with an accident and goes into coma. The film then cuts to eight years later. The man and his wife (Vijayalakshmi) are still pining for their lost child. The search for the child continues and these scenes are intercut with scenes involving four kids from an orphanage \u2014 Priya (Shibana), Anitha (Raveena), Arun (Aravind Raghunath) and Arjun (Arjun) \u2014 who are at a summer camp. The latter scenes mainly involve Arun and his rivalry with Teenu and his gang, and Priya's friendship with Anitha, who is blind and longs for a mother. \r\n\r\nDespite the suspense inherent in the plot (who is the lost child?), the film moves in a rather relaxed fashion. We are made to put up with comedy that even kids might feel childish, and an investigation that happens in an unexciting manner. Our only comfort is that things do not become unbearable. \r\n\r\nThankfully, the climax comes as a surprise when one of the girls chooses to make a sacrifice for the sake of her friend. It isn't really a twist ending, but still packs in a wallop that gets us all emotional. If only had the director displayed the kind of focus that these scenes have, this could have become an emotionally moving film like Azhagu Kutti Chellam."}], "recommandations_id": []}