{"tmdb_id": 399173, "title": "Revenger", "original_title": "The Assignment", "slug_title": "revenger", "date": "2016-04-27", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Une chirurgienne brillante et manipulatrice d\u00e9cide de se venger du meurtre de son fr\u00e8re. Elle est pr\u00eate \u00e0 tout pour retrouver le tueur et lui faire payer son crime\u2026.au-del\u00e0 de l\u2019imaginable.  Franck Kitchen est un tueur sans piti\u00e9 qui pourchasse ses proies et les abat froidement pour \u00e9x\u00e9cuter ses contrats. Mais cette fois ci, le contrat, c\u2019est lui. Un contrat motiv\u00e9 par un puissant d\u00e9sir de vengeance qui doit le mener sur le chemin de la r\u00e9demption. Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre fait kidnapper, Franck se r\u00e9veille avec un nouveau visage...  Comprenant qu\u2019il est l\u2019objet d\u2019une terrible manipulation, c\u2019est \u00e0 son tour de mettre en \u0153uvre sa vengeance : elle sera redoutable !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wZGnnA9TVbZL81T9at8eHnZoCq4.jpg", "actors": ["Michelle Rodriguez (Frank Kitchen / Tomboy)", "Sigourney Weaver (Dr. Rachel Kay)", "Tony Shalhoub (Dr. Ralph Galen)", "Caitlin Gerard (Johnnie)", "Anthony LaPaglia (Honest John Hartunian)", "Paul McGillion (Paul Wincott)", "Ken Kirzinger (Nurse Albert Becker)", "Paul Lazenby (Bodyguard)", "Zak Santiago (Edward Gonzales)", "Adrian Hough (Sebastian)", "Alex Zahara (Vladimir Gorski)", "Chad Riley (Merchado)", "Jason Asuncion (Hiram Ko (Dog Trainer))", "Darryl Quon (Jin Tao)", "Hugo Ateo (Guzman)", "Sergio Osuna (Mexican Man)", "Terry Chen (Dr. Lin)", "Lauro Chartrand (Cousin in Vegas)", "Caroline Chan (Ting Li)", "Lia Lam (Asian woman)", "Eltie Pearce (Whitney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story of how a hitman became hitgirl!**\r\n\r\nActually, it was a much better film than what I've heard of it. What could you expect from a B movie? This was a much better film for its small budget with a decent cast. The storyline seems okay, but Michelle Rodriguez is the one who made it possible. Yeah, it was like created for her to play the main role and she excelled. The filmmaking was quite compromised when the initial part of her character was played by herself. Because of particularly her height, but decently convinces us with all the rest of the makeovers.\r\n\r\nThe film was about an assassin, who after encountering some wrong men, discovers later that he'd went through gender reassignment surgery. Now raged with anger, he begins his hunt whoever behind it, especially finding the reason for. With a small romance and action sequences, the film comes to an end. Before giving it a try, you must understand that it is not the film you should expect to be a masterpiece. It tried its best to narrate a decent story, as well as you get your entertainment along. So it is not a must see, but still worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A risky movie to make, people on both ends of the political spectrum are going to have things to say about _The_ _Assignment_ without ever having seen it, of that I have no doubt. But personally, and trying to put all that aside, _The_ _Assignment_ is actually halfway decent. It uses a couple of tropes I don't enjoy, for instance it has not one but two separate point of view framing devices, and I got the distinct impression that Sigourney Weaver was only there for maybe one full day of shooting, but I still was able to engage in the story, which was certainly one I hadn't seen on screen before.\r\n\r\nBetween this and _Inconceivable_ I'm having a great month for film titles that are super inappropriate puns.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Law", "content": "Boring--which is the worst thing that a B-movie can be. Points only for Michelle Rodriguez's prosthetic penis, her natural titties, and Sigourney Weaver's cinematic debasement via thriller cliches. This fauxploitation film doesn't even have the guts to do exploitation right."}], "recommandations_id": [354979, 449503, 432892, 377156], "youtube_key": "iH1H4Ph4CEo"}