{"tmdb_id": 399274, "title": "Blood on the Arrow", "original_title": "Blood on the Arrow", "slug_title": "blood-on-the-arrow", "date": "1964-10-11", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "In this western, the sole survivor of an Apache ambush rides out to save a young boy who has been captured. The hero was a captured outlaw en route to his trial.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aDRYgXPpjw9mbckAzOwFUxr8Zos.jpg", "actors": ["Dale Robertson (Wade Cooper)", "Martha Hyer (Nancy Mailer)", "Wendell Corey (Clint Mailer)", "Dandy Curran (Tim Mailer)", "Paul Mantee (Segura)", "Robert Carricart (Kai-La)", "Ted de Corsia (Jud)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (Tex)", "John Matthews (Mike)", "Tom Reese (Charlie)", "Boyce Wright (Capt. Stanhope)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Grade B wannabe \u201cShane\u201d in the Arizona desert\r\n\r\n\u201cBlood on the Arrow\u201d (1964) is a \u201cB\u201d Western, which mixes together several staples of the genre: Calvary, outlaws, saguaro cacti, Indians, gunfights, a trading post, a hottie, a mine and gold. It rips-off blatant elements of \u201cShane\u201d and transplants them to the Arizona desert, but gets away with it because there are enough differences. It\u2019s just severely mediocre by comparison, although Dale Robertson is stalwart as the hopefully redeemable outlaw protagonist and Martha Hyer is a blonde beauty worth risking everything.\r\n\r\nRegrettably, there are some \u201cWhy sure!\u201d plot problems and what\u2019s up with the trap door that\u2019s anything but hidden? Also, you\u2019ll clearly see power/telephone lines on 3-4 occasions. I\u2019m assuming that the producers felt they\u2019d pass for telegraph lines, which WERE present in 1871 when the story takes place. I\u2019ll accept that argument, I guess.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C/C-"}], "recommandations_id": [52983], "youtube_key": "notfound"}