{"tmdb_id": 399366, "title": "Le Secret des Marrowbone", "original_title": "Marrowbone", "slug_title": "le-secret-des-marrowbone", "date": "2017-10-27", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Pour ne pas \u00eatre s\u00e9par\u00e9s, Jack, 20 ans, et ses fr\u00e8res et s\u0153urs plus jeunes, d\u00e9cident de cacher \u00e0 tout le monde le d\u00e9c\u00e8s de leur m\u00e8re qui les \u00e9levait seule. Ils se retrouvent livr\u00e9s \u00e0 eux-m\u00eames dans la ferme familiale isol\u00e9e, mais bient\u00f4t, d\u2019\u00e9tranges ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes indiqueraient qu\u2019une pr\u00e9sence malveillante hante leur unique refuge\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iX77zMSqUv2Qt7ToEnN2mmEudEf.jpg", "actors": ["George MacKay (Jack Marrowbone)", "Anya Taylor-Joy (Allie)", "Charlie Heaton (Billy Marrowbone)", "Mia Goth (Jane Marrowbone)", "Matthew Stagg (Sam Marrowbone)", "Kyle Soller (Tom Porter)", "Tom Fisher (Simon Fairbairn, Father)", "Nicola Harrison (Rose Marrowbone, Mother)", "Myra Kathryn Pearse (Molly)", "Paul Jesson (Doctor)", "Robert Nairne (Monster)", "Laura Brook (Thelma (uncredited))", "Adam Quintero (Mr. Gouldman (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Mark Rushow", "content": "I don't believe I've ever seen anything quite like it. I highly recommend it."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_\"Down on your marrowbones and pray!\"_\r\n\r\nA pretty good collection of up-and-comers with a solid enough premise told relatively efficiently, featuring a mix of hardline-by-the-numbers horror and only-mostly-cliche horror, but it lacks that next step to take it over the line into being actually good.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "BadChristian", "content": "Marrowbone is another drama being mismarketed as a horror movie. While I would agree that Marrowbone has some thriller elements, I felt that fear in the horror sense as much as horror felt through dread. Aside from the disappointment upon the realization that the trailers mislead me, Marrowbone is is a very solid film. All of the acting is great (although George MacKay doesn't really portray pain very authentically), the set is both beautiful and haunting, the camera work makes some memorable scenes, and the story is compelling. The Spanish title is The Secret of Marrowbone, which is a much better title. While I wasn't satisfied with the ending they chose and I still have unaddressed plot holes that still bother me, Marrowbone drew me in and I was pleased with the journey."}], "recommandations_id": [476299, 406994, 416234, 544431], "youtube_key": "bkCqmAxZXvg"}