{"tmdb_id": 40078, "title": "Breeders", "original_title": "Breeders", "slug_title": "breeders", "date": "1986-01-01", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "L'H\u00f4pital g\u00e9n\u00e9ral de Manhattan a admis une cha\u00eene de jeunes femmes qui ont \u00e9t\u00e9 viol\u00e9es par quelque chose d'un autre monde. L'auteur attaque uniquement les femmes qui sont vierges.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hiZYYqL6Ejglj9xfj91xnsiFph3.jpg", "actors": ["Teresa Farley (Dr. Gamble Pace)", "Lance Lewman (Det. Dale Andriotti)", "Frances Raines (Karinsa)", "Natalie O'Connell (Donna)", "Amy Brentano (Gail)", "LeeAnne Baker (Kathleen)", "Matt Mitler (Ted)", "Adriane Lee (Alec)", "Mark Legan (Brett)", "Norris Culf (Walter)", "Ed French (Dr. Ira Markum)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "slayrrr666", "content": "After a series of strange encounters around town, a doctor and a police detective find that the culprits are random virginal women being raped by a race of shapeshifting aliens looking to mate with humans and must band together to find a way of stopping their spree.\r\n\r\nThis one wasn\u2019t all that bad if looked at in the right manner. One of the best aspects to this here is the highly fun and enjoyable sleaze present here which makes for a rather fine experience. By detailing the whole of the encounter as rapes, it takes a rather darker tone here with the usual ploy of the insect-like aliens looking to mate which gives this a rather dark and disturbing tone when coupled with the rather striking feature of the need for virginity to be utilized for their needs. That gives this the need for some tense and somewhat suspenseful attacks that occur throughout here, from the opening attack on the lone girl walking home from her failed date, the attack on the model in the photography studio and the rather shocking ambush in the nurse\u2019s house where her date is knocked off without her knowing and then turning around to see the bug-eyed alien jump out to attack her. That leaves the film with a few rather nice attacks to lead into the finale in the underground tunnels where their nest is found with all the victims writhing around in the pool of liquid where all the shapeshifting aliens are gathered around waiting on them and the battle to stop them from coming to maturity makes for a really nice fight and the ending measures to finally get them wiped off is a rather unique effort. Given that these scenes here produce a rather fun amount of nudity with just about everything shown from every woman in the cast, there\u2019s some rather nice times here when this one goes into the exploitation offerings yet there\u2019s very little else worthwhile here. This is due to the film\u2019s rather obvious lack of budget and really showcasing itself as a cheap, shoddily-made effort with the cheap looking sets, sparse locations and rather long scenes featuring them standing around in the same location waiting around for test results or discussing a plan of action. There\u2019s nothing realistic about these scenes and it just enhances this part of the film rather highly due to it\u2019s frequency and occurring nature. The other big flaw to this one is the rather phony-looking make-up effects for the gore as well as the aliens, which are rather flimsy and seem cartoonish compared to what they\u2019re attempting to represent and take all the fun out of the kills in this one. These here really drag this one down considerably.\r\n\r\nRated R: Constant Full Nudity, Graphic Violence, Language, Rape scenes and drug use."}], "recommandations_id": [39889, 230762, 41775, 79975]}