{"tmdb_id": 400928, "title": "Mary", "original_title": "Gifted", "slug_title": "mary", "date": "2017-04-12", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Un homme se bat pour obtenir la garde de sa ni\u00e8ce, qui t\u00e9moigne d'un don hors du commun pour les math\u00e9matiques.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9Ts7Vc4wLlpI9oox9mkVUE1tBHy.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Evans (Frank Adler)", "Mckenna Grace (Mary Adler)", "Lindsay Duncan (Evelyn Adler)", "Jenny Slate (Bonnie Stevenson)", "Octavia Spencer (Roberta Taylor)", "Glenn Plummer (Greg Cullen)", "Julie Ann Emery (Pat Golding)", "Joe Chrest (Kevin Larsen)", "Keir O'Donnell (Bradley Pollard)", "Jona Xiao (Lijuan)", "John Finn (Aubrey Highsmith)", "John M. Jackson (Judge Edward Nichols)", "Candace B. Harris (Carly Rosen)", "Kelly Collins Lintz (Claire Larsen)", "Jon Sklaroff (Seymore Shankland)", "Brody Rose (Ricky Harmon)", "Michael Kendall Kaplan (Justin Gilmore)", "Elizabeth Marvel (Gloria Davis)", "Maia Moss-Fife (Amanda Dibbons)", "Ashley L. Thomas (Animal Shelter Worker)", "Danielle Deadwyler (Animal Shelter Worker)", "Jack Landry (Veterinarian)", "Karleigh Chase (Waitress)", "Will Buie Jr. (Boy)", "Desmond Phillips (New Father)", "Teresa L. Graves (Grandmother)", "Gordon Danniels (Grandfather)", "Aidan McKenna Bateman (Bonnie's Student)", "Jordan Ellenberg (Professor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "kastigar", "content": "Good, but not great.  A few, not many, funny lines. Best performance by Mckenna Grace.  The best I can say is that it wasn't a good movie but it wasn't a bad movie either."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Extraordinarily conventional. It will surely appeal to devotees of this sort of thing, because it's well acted and has some minor emotional impact, but with the exception of what essentially boils down to a gimmick, _Gifted_ is just like a hundred other okay movies that deal with the same subject in the same way.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**One's fighting for the child and the other's for her gift!**\r\n\r\nFilms about battle for child custody is a very familiar theme. There are lots of great films you could find. This is just another, but another great among them. There's actually nothing special about it. It's simple and emotional. The characters were slightly different, and agenda for courtroom drama is interesting aspect of the film.\r\n\r\nA single uncle who is a by-default guardian for his niece since her mother had died. But the seven year old kid is a math prodigy like her mother. He wanted her to live a normal life like everybody else in her age. That's what her mother wanted as well. When her grandmother learns about the gift, is now seeking a court intervene to provide all she needed to nurture her gift, since she's very rich. So the kid caught between adult's fight, how the rest of the narration folds are emotionally told.\r\n\r\nI'm not a fan of Captain America, because he's not the Captain Earth or Captain my country. Other than that, Chris Evans is not a big marketable star. But this was a pretty cool performance. The kid too was awesome. The last time I saw her was from 'Mr Church'. Well written and directed. Easily one of the best drama films of the year. A good message film as well. Families should watch it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [406997, 365942, 289222, 397837], "youtube_key": "x7CAjpdRaXU"}