{"tmdb_id": 40110, "title": "Burst City", "original_title": "Bakuretsu toshi", "slug_title": "burst-city", "date": "1982-04-09", "genre": "Action / Musique / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n64K0d91DjdtnqJ4U3OJtLUmLYQ.jpg", "actors": ["Michiro Endo ()", "Shigeru Izumiya ()", "Takanori Jinnai ()", "Kou Machida ()", "Shigeru Muroi ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "EmkEyen", "content": "Burst City from 1982 is a punk rock operetta with the polemic stance that is essential for the anarchist strains of punk traditions. Sogo Ishii relies upon and extends punk rock aesthetics to a convincing gesamtkunstwerk that interestingly sits very well between the post-apocalypse of the time and the cyberpunk that is yet to come. \r\n\r\nBut most of all, I'd say Burst City is a war movie. A war movie where the trenches have been exchanged for a dystopic industrial slum and the main weapons are words, clubs and guitars. The anti-hero protagonists are the dynamic constellations of punk rockers, greasers and local underdog gangsters (assisted by travelling armored warriors in a motorized chariot) that have to put their infighting on hold. They are opposing not only the regular harassment of the \"Battle Police\" but also the approaching forces of the yakuza affiliated developers that are going to replace the neighbourhood with a nuclear powerplant. It is a David against Goliath battle and also one of anti-authoritarianism and non-conformity against gentrification and corruption that follows with normative society. The basso continuo is the relentless beating of the punk rock war drums and the libretto is emotive rather than narrative, again fully in line with the punk rock culture.\r\n\r\nTwo hours long and an early movie by the then 25 year old Sogo Ishii but there is barely a slow moment as the narrative keeps pushing toward the explosive ending. With a refresher in post production it could pass as fresh out of the furnace. \r\n\r\nHighly recommended."}], "recommandations_id": []}