{"tmdb_id": 401469, "title": "Les Veuves", "original_title": "Widows", "slug_title": "les-veuves", "date": "2018-11-06", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Chicago, au c\u0153ur de la tourmente, quatre femmes, qui n'ont rien en commun si ce n'est une dette li\u00e9e \u00e0 l'activit\u00e9 criminelle de leur mari d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9, prennent leur sort en main et conspirent ensemble pour forger l'avenir qu'elles se sont choisi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d31SGJSaX29ba5ZUbZcesGoDE7I.jpg", "actors": ["Viola Davis (Veronica)", "Michelle Rodriguez (Linda)", "Elizabeth Debicki (Alice)", "Cynthia Erivo (Belle)", "Colin Farrell (Jack Mulligan)", "Brian Tyree Henry (Jamal Manning)", "Daniel Kaluuya (Jatemme Manning)", "Robert Duvall (Tom Mulligan)", "Liam Neeson (Harry Rawlings)", "Garret Dillahunt (Bash)", "Carrie Coon (Amanda)", "Jacki Weaver (Agnieska)", "Molly Kunz (Siobhan)", "Lukas Haas (David)", "Jon Bernthal (Florek)", "Manuel Garcia-Rulfo (Carlos)", "Matt Walsh (Ken)", "Kevin J. O'Connor (Bobby Welsh)", "Michael Harney (Fuller)", "Clare Cooney (Alice's Friend)", "Ann Mitchell (Amanda's Mother)", "Deron J. Powell (Asthma)", "Adam Wesley Brown (Auction Car Guy)", "Wendy Mateo (Auction Teller)", "Matthew Fowler (Auctioneer on Microphone)", "Bailee Brewer (Bailee)", "Stephen Hill (Big Guy)", "Michael Weber (Board Chairman)", "Adepero Oduye (Breechelle)", "Chuck Inglish (Darius)", "Henson Keys (Father McKenzie)", "Doug James (Fellow Alderman)", "Laura Fisher (Female Philanthropist)", "Stef Tovar (Finance Guy)", "Bailey Rhyse Walters (Gracie)", "Katherine Kupferer (Gun Daughter)", "Kirsten Fitzgerald (Gun Mom)", "Deanna Reed-Foster (Hair Client #1)", "Paulette McDaniels (Hair Client #2)", "Will Zahrn (Irish Catholic Priest)", "John Henry Roberts (Irish Priest at Harry's Funeral)", "Paul Stein (Jeweler Attendant)", "Coburn Goss (Jimmy Nunn)", "James Vincent Meredith (John / Mulligan Man)", "Patrese McClain (LaQuisha)", "Jason Bradley (Lawyer)", "Keith Kupferer (Leadman)", "Socorro Santiago (Lita)", "Sir Michael Rocks (Malik)", "Josiah Sheffie (Marcus)", "Eric C. Lynch (Noel)", "Brian King (McArdle)", "Stephen Eugene Walker (McRoberts)", "Chris Nolte (Mulligan's Security Guard)", "Chris Froseth (Mulligan's Young Staffer)", "Kurt Ehrmann (Newspaper Editor)", "Francis Florczyk (Polish Priest)", "Amanda Rivera (Receptionist)", "Philip Rayburn Smith (Roger)", "Jon Michael Hill (Reverend Wheeler)", "Tonray Ho (Sarah (Tom's Nurse))", "Cameron Knight (School Principal)", "Chaon Cross (Sauna Woman)", "Mark Lancaster (Security Guard Day Shift at Mulligan's)", "Lily Mojekwu (Suzette)", "Tai'isha Davis (Woman under Dryer)", "Alejandro Verdin (Xavy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "cityguide", "content": "Director Steve McQueen (12 Years a Slave) and Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn co-wrote the screenplay for his crazy-intense looking crime thriller starring queen of all queens, Viola Davis. Those three names are honestly all it would take to lure us to a theater, but it actually gets better: the film, based on Lynda La Plante\u2019s novel of the same name, follows four women whose duplicitous husbands\u2019 deaths lead them down a dangerous path."}, {"pseudo": "cityguide", "content": "Director Steve McQueen (12 Years a Slave) and Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn co-wrote the screenplay for his crazy-intense looking crime thriller starring queen of all queens, Viola Davis. Those three names are honestly all it would take to lure us to a theater, but it actually gets better: the film, based on Lynda La Plante\u2019s novel of the same name, follows four women whose duplicitous husbands\u2019 deaths lead them down a dangerous path.\r\n\r\nWidows co-stars everyone, basically, including Daniel Kaluuya, Michelle Rodriguez, Jacki Weaver, Colin Farrell, and Liam Neeson. Think: Good Girls meets Ocean\u2019s 11, but the comedic elements are replaced by Davis staring soulfully into the (incredibly bleak) distance."}, {"pseudo": "mram16", "content": "This film contains two movies, and I enjoyed one of them:\r\n\r\nWidows is the story of a trio of...well, widows, who hatch a scheme to pull off a heist. The reason why the widows choose to pull off this heist in the first place is a threat by gangster-turned-political-hopeful Jamal Manning (played by Brian Tyree Henry). It was his money that the deceased husbands of the women were trying to steal before dying in an explosion set off by a hail of police bullets. The money burned up in the flames, and he wants to be repaid. Veronica Rawlings (played by Viola Davis) comes into possession of the plans for a future robbery that her husband Harry (played by Liam Neeson) was planning, and with no other options she and the other women decide to use the plans to commit the robbery themselves in order to pay off the debt (with plenty of money left over).\r\n\r\nThe cast does a commendable job, with particularly good performances put forth by Viola Davis and Elizabeth Debicki as two of the titular widows, Cynthia Erivo as the babysitter for a third widow (played by Michelle Rodriguez) who gets brought into the scheme, and Get Out's Daniel Kaluuya as a cold-blooded henchman who doesn't need to walk around screaming and shouting in order to be terrifying. Also worth a mention is Robert Duvall, who may not be in the movie a whole lot but is memorable nonetheless. The film is shot well by cinematographer Sean Bobbitt, with one standout scene being the short drive taken by Colin Farrell's Chicago Machine political candidate from an area of blight to the nice, quiet street that he lives on at the edge of the ward where he hopes to be elected as alderman over his opponent (Manning). The camera watches as rundown inner-city buildings give way to nice houses that wouldn't seem out of place in a tidy little suburb.\r\n\r\nFor a while it is interesting to watch as the women, who were not involved in their respective husbands' lives of crime, try to ready themselves for the heist. Midway through the film, however, there's a surprise reveal. I said in the title of this review that this film contained two movies, one that I liked I liked. The movie that I liked ended with this \"twist\", and this is where the movie that I didn't like began. Not only is the twist totally unnecessary, but the film just seems to go downhill from there. The women, whose robbing skills seemed understandably shoddy up to this point, suddenly seem to work together like a well-oiled machine. There are more twists thrown into the mix (such as the identity of the person they will be stealing from). The fate of the Rawlings' son, hinted at earlier in the movie. is revealed in a poorly executed scene. The climax of the film feels like a second-rate action flick, and the playing-out of the big twist revealed earlier in the film feels contrived. Then the film ends in a, \"Really, that's how they're going to end this?\" way.\r\n\r\nI don't hate this film (faint praise, I know), but I feel that there was so much wasted opportunity. If only they had kept making the movie from the first half of this film I could have given it a higher rating, but as it stands I give it a 6 out of 10."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Arguably longer than it had to be, particualrly when a lot of side-stories had little context and zero payoff. But there is not a **single** member of this cast who disappoints. Obviously heist movies are not a new thing, but there has never been a heist movie like _Widows_ before.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [446021, 369972, 347375, 487558], "youtube_key": "nN2yBBSRC78"}