{"tmdb_id": 40151, "title": "Plaga zombie: Zona mutante", "original_title": "Plaga zombie: Zona mutante", "slug_title": "plaga-zombie-zona-mutante", "date": "2001-01-01", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Le trio \"survivant\" du premier volet est captur\u00e9 par le gouvernement qui finit par se d\u00e9cider \u00e0 les rel\u00e2cher dans la ville contamin\u00e9e. Cette bourgade est infest\u00e9e par un virus extraterrestre qui transforme les bons villageois en zombies assoiff\u00e9s de sang et de cervelle. Cependant il en faut plus pour d\u00e9courager le trio haut en couleur.  Une pr\u00e9sentation des membres s\u2019impose. Le chevelu \u00e9nerv\u00e9 se pr\u00e9nomme Bill. Son hobby? Casser du zombie, si possible avec panache. A ses c\u00f4t\u00e9s John West, ancien catcheur oubli\u00e9 du public, un compagnon loyal et au grand c\u0153ur. Enfin le petit excit\u00e9 avec son casque de skate et ses lunettes fracass\u00e9es, c\u2019est Max. Son truc \u00e0 lui c\u2019est l\u2019informatique. Il semble toutefois que certaines connexions ne se fassent pas dans sa petite t\u00eate.  Voil\u00e0 donc les trois amis d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 se sortir de ce p\u00e9trin et \u00e0 trouver la sortie de la ville. Mais le FBI semble voir les choses d\u2019un autre \u0153il.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qhAUctglK7T7LSC0CBGM0dDavSW.jpg", "actors": ["Berta Mu\u00f1iz (John West)", "Pablo Par\u00e9s (Bill Johnson)", "Hern\u00e1n S\u00e1ez (Max Giggs)", "Paulo Soria (Max Fan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Greigh Johanson", "content": "This hilarious indiependent zombie film from **Argentina** is a live-action cartoon, with enough story and characterization to string together its over-the-top kills and gags with a very nice choreography. The video has been processed to give it more of a film-like appearance, and it's more convincing than a lot of other none-budget independent movies I've seen that have tried the same. We are going to see brains and spinal cord pulled out the back of a zombie skull. Hedgetrimmer blade used as a decapitation sword and zombie face ripped partially off so that it just flaps around in the air.\r\n\r\nThis isn't an ordinary zombie movie with regular zombies that rise from the earth to slip through. This is about an infection that Aliens have made to the village. The zombies can still talk and think and are like a pair of mutants like the creauters from **John Carpenter**'s \"**Escape from New York**\". The characters are hilarious, the effects are beautiful and there are NO CGI effects and the zombies make-up is unique. This is a fast-paced and sticky film that will not disappoint you.\r\n\r\nThis movie made me really excited and I want to see more of this, it has a predecessor from 1997 and also a sequel from 2011. The whole production is surprisingly good. So if you want to relive a movie that keeps the balance and contrast in same way as **Peter Jackson** and **Sam Raimi**'s previous films, this is the film for you!"}], "recommandations_id": [73636, 81841]}