{"tmdb_id": 40171, "title": "Woochi, le magicien des temps modernes", "original_title": "\uc804\uc6b0\uce58", "slug_title": "woochi-le-magicien-des-temps-modernes", "date": "2009-12-23", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1509, le Dieu Arc emprisonna les diaboliques Gobelins dans une prison grace \u00e0 une fl\u00fbte magique dans laquelle il devait souffler durant 3000 jours, n\u00e9anmoins suite \u00e0 une erreur, la prison fut ouverte le 2999\u00e8me jour lib\u00e9rant ainsi les dangereuses cr\u00e9atures. Le Dieu Arc mourut et sa fl\u00fbte devint l\u2019objet le plus convoit\u00e9 et tomba alors dans les mains du jeune sorcier prodige, Woochi. Mais, suite \u00e0 un mal\u00e9fice, il se retrouva pi\u00e9g\u00e9 dans une peinture. 500 ans plus tard un trio de magiciens taoistes le lib\u00e8re pour lutter contre les gobelins qui menacent la vie sur terre. Woochi est projet\u00e9 dans le temps et arrive en 2009 en plein S\u00e9oul. Cependant il n\u2019a pas l\u2019\u00e2me d\u2019un h\u00e9ros et et pr\u00e9f\u00e8re d\u00e9couvrir le nouveau monde et courir des filles que de combattre les gobelins !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eZjBTj8KJLiFPU2FQ8O3MprJmUf.jpg", "actors": ["Kang Dong-won (Jeon Woo-chi)", "Kim Yoon-seok (Hwa-dam)", "Im Soo-jung (Seo In-kyeong)", "Yoo Hae-jin (Chorangyi)", "Song Young-chang (Buddhist monk)", "Ju Jin-mo (Shaman)", "Kim Sang-ho (Priest)", "Sun Woo-sun (Female doctor / goblin)", "Gong Jeong-hwan (Helper / goblin)", "Baek Yoon-sik (Woo-chi's mentor)", "Yum Jung-ah (Actress)", "Kim Hyo-jin (Red Hair)", "Kwon Tae-won (King)", "Yeon-su Seo (Palace girl)", "Park Min-gyu (White jacket)", "Ji-hyeok Min (Jeon Woo-chi's 10)", "Yeong-jin Sin (Mastermind)", "Jong-gu Yun (Aristocrat)", "Hyeon-woo Son (Warrior)", "No Seung-beom (CCTV Suit)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dali Parton", "content": "(spoiler free) I've watched a lot of Korean movies over the years - from the silly (Sex is Zero) to the sublime (Oasis) and enjoyed most of them, even some of the more marginal titles like Spygirl and A.F.R.I.K.A. But for me, and the group of people watching it with me, Jeon Woochi was a big bust.\r\n\r\nThe biggest problem I had with this movie was the terrible pacing, especially in the first 30 minutes of the movie where the timeline was not linear and the director did practically nothing to inform the audience that he had made a jump in time until wrapping up the scene and rejoining the main timeline.\r\n\r\nOther problems included a major lack of funny - there was so much opportunity for \"fish out of water\" jokes, but the writers barely even tried. And it wasn't like the comedy was too subtle either, much of the humor in the movie was just too ham-fisted to laugh at.\r\n\r\nThere were also way too many fast cuts during action sequences - it made it difficult to enjoy the biggest feature of the movie: the excellent CGI. The director barely gives the audience a chance to focus on the contents of a shot before cutting to a new camera angle. I recognize these fast cuts are a modern Hollywood style, but it is still a terrible one to emulate.\r\n\r\nThe story itself was, as expected, fairly simple. But even then, the telling of it was too convoluted - due mainly to the confusing timeline.\r\n\r\nI haven't given any examples to illustrate my criticism because I wanted to avoid spoilers as much as possible but still provide a counter-point to the misleadingly high rating (7.0 as I write this) and the other 5 or so reviews which all gave the movie exceptional scores. It was on the basis of that rating and the other reviews that I purchased the korean blu-ray and would strongly recommend that no one else waste their time or money the way I did. I suggest watching the older Arahan which has a similar \"wizardry in the modern city\" plot. I had a lot more fun watching Arahan despite its flaws.\r\n\r\nAlso, watch out for the korean blu-ray. It is poorly mastered - the black levels are elevated making the picture look washed out and hazy unless you have a fancy display that can correct the problem."}], "recommandations_id": [38963, 133603, 68252, 82477]}