{"tmdb_id": 401771, "title": "Where the Trail Divides", "original_title": "Where the Trail Divides", "slug_title": "where-the-trail-divides", "date": "1914-10-12", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Col. Landers adopts two children, \"How,\" an Indian boy, and Bess, whose parents were killed in an Indian uprising. When the children are grown, How proposes to Bess, whom he has loved since his childhood. She accepts his proposal, thus angering Clayton Craig, Lander's nephew who also wants to marry her. After Lander's death, How is exiled from the ranch, so he and Bess buy new land. One day, after he has been away, How returns to his cabin to see Bess and Craig embracing. How grants Bess her freedom after which she marries Craig and moves to New York. Some time later, How discovers oil on the land that he gave Bess, so he follows them to New York. There he finds that Craig has been unfaithful to Bess. In the end, Bess rejects Craig so that she and How can remarry and find \"a trail to happiness together.\" -From TCM.com Database, powered by the AFI.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cd67Nusa00jO6MwYjItfSFHj646.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Edeson ('How' Landor)", "Theodore Roberts (Colonel William Landor)", "Jack W. Johnston (Clayton Craig (as J.W. Johnston))", "Winifred Kingston (Bess Landor)", "James Neill (Sam Rowland)", "Constance Adams (Mrs. Rowland)", "Fred Montague (Rev. John Eaton)", "Antrim Short (Little 'How')", "Mary Higby (Little Bess (as Mary Jane Higbee))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}