{"tmdb_id": 40229, "title": "The House on Sorority Row", "original_title": "The House on Sorority Row", "slug_title": "the-house-on-sorority-row", "date": "1983-01-21", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une association d'\u00e9tudiantes est menac\u00e9e d'expulsion par le propri\u00e9taire des lieux. Suite \u00e0 une mauvaise blague, le propri\u00e9taire est tu\u00e9 et les \u00e9tudiantes d\u00e9cident de cacher son cadavre. Mais un t\u00e9moin inoppin\u00e9 d\u00e9cide de venger la victime en tuant les jeunes filles l'une apr\u00e8s l'autre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dvffSQjmXqUbt7Gv2ZIqkEpv5aJ.jpg", "actors": ["Kate McNeil (Katherine)", "Eileen Davidson (Vicki)", "Janis Ward (Liz)", "Robin Meloy (Jeanie)", "Harley Jane Kozak (Diane)", "Jodi Draigie (Morgan)", "Ellen Dorsher (Stevie)", "Lois Kelso Hunt (Mrs. Slater)", "Christopher Lawrence (Dr. Beck)", "Michael Kuhn (Peter)", "Michael Sergio (Rick)", "Ruth Walsh (Mother)", "Ed Heath (Policeman)", "Jean Schertler (Nurse)", "Larry Singer (Photographer)", "Carlos S\u00e9rio (Eric)", "Peter McClung (Peter)", "Peter McClung (Peterson)", "Mark Rosman (Party Guest Playing the Piano (uncredited))", "Kenny Myers (Murdered Guest)", "Ruth Moss (Freshman Girl #1)", "Hilary Crowson (Freshman Girl #2)", "Nanna Ingvarsson (Freshman Girl #3)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Decent early 80s\u2019 slasher with some script flaws \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1983 and written & directed by Mark Rosman Stoller, \"The House on Sorority Row\" chronicles events at a sorority house outside of Baltimore where seven girls responsible for an accidental death start dying one by one during their graduation party. \r\n\r\nThe film borrows elements from \u201cBlack Christmas\u201d (1974) and the French horror \u201cDiabolique\u201d (1955), like the unused swimming pool to conceal a body that later disappears. The first act is quite good, particularly the accidental death scene, which is well-acted for no-name actresses. Only two of the seven went on to a career in acting: The protagonist who plays Katie (Kate McNeil) and the slutty girl, Vicky (Eileen Davidson). Speaking of the girls, they present a realistic feminine smorgasbord with Morgan (Jodi Draigie) arguably being the most attractive. None of them, however, are anything to go gaga over (looks-wise, that is). \r\n\r\nWhat marred the film for me was the dubious writing. For instance, wouldn't the girls be perplexed at how a dead body mysteriously made it to the attic? What caused it to suddenly fall down the trap door? Why don\u2019t any of the girls look at the face of the corpse to verify its identity? Would a couple of girls who know very little about guns seriously enact a prank using a questionable mixture of bullets and blanks? If you can get past these issues, \u201cThe House on Sorority Row\u201d is a decent early 80s\u2019 slasher with a worthy plot and pretty good production values.                       \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 31 minutes and was shot at Eltonhead Mansion in Pikesville, Maryland, with establishing shots done at University of Maryland, College Park. ADDITIONAL WRITER: Bobby Fine.   \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [27475, 28377, 37936, 47957], "youtube_key": "u3ZlNEcFBPM"}