{"tmdb_id": 402298, "title": "Le Proc\u00e8s du si\u00e8cle", "original_title": "Denial", "slug_title": "le-proces-du-siecle", "date": "2016-09-30", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Deborah Lipstadt, historienne et auteure reconnue, d\u00e9fend farouchement  la m\u00e9moire de l\u2019Holocauste. Elle se voit confront\u00e9e \u00e0 un universitaire extr\u00e9miste, avocat de th\u00e8ses controvers\u00e9es sur le r\u00e9gime nazi, David Irving, qui la met au d\u00e9fi de prouver l\u2019existence de la Shoah. S\u00fbr de son fait, Irving assigne en justice Lipstadt, qui se retrouve dans la situation aberrante de devoir prouver l\u2019existence des chambres \u00e0 gaz. Comment, en restant dans les limites du droit, faire face \u00e0 un n\u00e9gationniste pr\u00eat \u00e0 toutes les bassesses pour obtenir gain de cause, et l\u2019emp\u00eacher de profiter de cette tribune pour propager ses th\u00e9ories naus\u00e9abondes ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wVFBO6LCeHRIfDbuvWBnfuLjayh.jpg", "actors": ["Rachel Weisz (Deborah Lipstadt)", "Tom Wilkinson (Richard Rampton)", "Timothy Spall (David Irving)", "Andrew Scott (Anthony Julius)", "Jack Lowden (James Libson)", "Caren Pistorius (Laura Tyler)", "Alex Jennings (Sir Charles Gray)", "Harriet Walter (Vera Reich)", "Mark Gatiss (Professor Robert Jan van der Pelt)", "John Sessions (Prof. Richard Evans)", "Nikki Amuka-Bird (Libby Holbrook)", "Pip Carter (Anthony Forbes-Watson)", "Jackie Clune (Heather Rogers)", "Will Attenborough (Thomas Skelton Robinson)", "Maximilian Befort (Nik Wachsman)", "Daniel Cerqueira (Sam Glass)", "Laurel Lefkow (Storm Glass)", "Elliot Levey (Roger Levy)", "Helen Bradbury (Rachel Levy)", "Jacob Krichefski (Rabbi Brenner)", "Abigail Cruttenden (Janine Stone)", "Hilton McRae (Judge John Trench)", "Andrea Deck (Leonie)", "Lachele Carl (Gloria)", "Edward Franklin (Simon)", "Sally Messham (Meg)", "Sean Power (Mitch)", "Tom Clarke Hill (Sam Dixon)", "Amber Batty (Kate Kelland)", "Paul Hunter (Judge's Clerk)", "Amanda Lawrence (Court Usher)", "Ziggy Heath (Gerald)", "Todd Boyce (Reporter)", "Sara Powell (Reporter)", "Nicholas Tennant (Angry Man)", "Jeremy Paxman (Himself (Archive Footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A courtroom drama about who's right and who's wrong!**\r\n\r\nThere are many factors to consider, especially for a film like this. Yep, the film was based on the real courtroom event. The film is about two people to prove they're right on their book about the war crimes whether that took place or not. So all the episodes take place in a British high court with mention of Auschwitz concentration camp, particularly about its ruins than the events that happened in there. That means it's a great drama to learn about how these two fought in a lawsuit face-off, but there's nothing about the real event just like the film 'The Eichmann Show'. If you are not a Jew or a neo nazi or not even a European and North American, then this is an okayish film from the entertainment aspect, other than learning truth and history.\r\n\r\nI really expected some real events, but we have already seen in many films about Auschwitz camp. So they kept this film as a modern day court trial than mixing up with those old crime. Great acting by all. Timothy Spall nailed it in his negative role. He was just a fine supporting actor, till I started to recognise him since his genius display in a biopic, 'Mr. Turner'. This is his one of the top performances. He could play Don Trump in his biopic, beside Rob Redford who's a bit old for that. Rachel Weisz was okay. Her role was not strong enough, despite she's in the main character. Because everyone around her took the honour to rise above hers. Be it Tom Wilkinson, who was surprisingly awesome.\r\n\r\nSo in my perspective the film was good, but not great. The courtroom events lacked strong hold with what a film needs and what the viewers wants with twists and turns in the argument. But I'm very happy being honest than modifying its story to make film commercial worthy. Though the film had some its own moments, in the end it was not enough. Particularly how it concludes and to think why this trial even took place makes no sense at all. Seems more a joke than anything serious, just because of someone being crazily challenging and the other one responding to it. Anyway, it's still largely a sensitive matter and my view is just as an outsider. But the film is worth a watch, if you are not expecting a bigger picture after reading its synopsis.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [300693, 347033, 339419, 340611]}