{"tmdb_id": 402637, "title": "K\u00f6nigin der Nacht", "original_title": "K\u00f6nigin der Nacht", "slug_title": "konigin-der-nacht", "date": "2016-06-15", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Inge and Ludwig are full-time farmers in the Black Forest, with dairy cows and a dairy. Everything organic, all the highest quality. Despite the hard work, it is a fulfilling life. Would not it be the financial situation. As much as the two work, the debts devour them, the farm is endangered. Inge decides to look for a part-time job. When the opportunity arises to start with an escort service, she gets involved. And the plan works. But the relationship is put to the test when one of Inge's clients falls in love with her and the situation escalates.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jRWrpB64WpAethMQrdTI26vONjQ.jpg", "actors": ["Silke Bodenbender (Inga Scholz)", "Peter Schneider (Ludwig Scholz)", "Hary Prinz (Oliver Wernicke)", "Cornelia Gr\u00f6schel (Caro Kr\u00fcger)", "Matthias Breitenbach (Uwe Slowinski)", "Pablo L\u00fctzow (Mats Scholz)", "Helena L\u00fctzow (Marie Scholz)", "Christian Furrer (Robert Weiler)", "Christian Heller (Filialleiter B\u00f6hmer)", "Sebastian Mirow (Milchfahrer Hans)", "Tina Wilhelm (Mitarbeiterin Escort-Agentur)", "Geno Lechner (Chefin Escort-Agentur)", "Ferdinand Gr\u00f6zinger (Herr Hartmann)", "Maarten G\u00fcpperts ()", "Christian Borowski ()", "Frank W. Rima (Hotelgast)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}