{"tmdb_id": 402780, "title": "Kuttram 23", "original_title": "\u0b95\u0bc1\u0bb1\u0bcd\u0bb1\u0bae\u0bcd 23", "slug_title": "kuttram-23", "date": "2017-03-03", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Action"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A case involving the disappearance of a pregnant woman turns into a personal one for the cop who is tasked with investigating it.\u200b", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/izlghZo6mydERexCO8Fcyhk82IB.jpg", "actors": ["Arun Vijay (Vetrimaaran)", "Mahima Nambiar (Thendral)", "Vamsi Krishna ()", "Thambi Ramaiah ()", "Aravind Akash ()", "Amit Bhargav ()", "Vijayakumar ()", "Abhinaya ()", "K. S. G. Venkatesh (Thendral's father)", "Suja Varunee ()", "Misha Ghoshal ()", "Kalyani Natarajan ()", "Neelima Rani ()", "Meera Krishnan ()", "Stunt Silva ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Solving a series of death/murder mysteries!**\r\n\r\nThe last film I saw from this director was 'Eeram' which was one of the best horror films Kollywood had ever produced and was a trend setter in the modern days of filmmaking in the Tamil language. Now that genre is well explored that you can find every year films like that making its way out. Coming back to this one, I think it is a decently made film. Based on the book of the same name, the screenplay was given preference to the commercial elements like big stars' films. Otherwise, it would have been a better work from the director, as well as for the actor.\r\n\r\nLike todays trend in Kollywood's B movies to make a parallel cinema to the international standards, this one missed that opportunity. After successfully playing a negative role in 'Yennai Arindhaal', this is his comeback film as a solo for Arun Vijay. He had worked very hard for where he's standing today and for the role in this film. I hope he makes good films in the future as well.\r\n\r\nThis is a police story. A murder, a missing person and followed by another attempt of murder, a young cop comes to rescue a young woman, but soon they fall in love with each other. On the other side, the story takes twists and turns while solving the crime. Finding out who and why, the narration enters the final segment and brings an end to everything.\r\n\r\nMuch better film than list-A films and like I said it had the opportunity to be an even better film. One of the best police stories with good casting. The length of the film was a bit concern, though manageable because of engaging plot. The songs should have been trimmed off. If you are a native audience, it does not matter, but for the international viewers, it is definitely offbeat for such intensified crime-thriller. I'm not in favour of recommending it, but surely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [449742, 318754, 69512, 408927], "youtube_key": "XV4btHdEMxg"}