{"tmdb_id": 403510, "title": "Tom et Jerry: Retour \u00e0 Oz", "original_title": "Tom & Jerry: Back to Oz", "slug_title": "tom-et-jerry-retour-a-oz", "date": "2016-06-21", "genre": ["Animation"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir vaincu la M\u00e9chante sorci\u00e8re \u00e0 Oz, Tom et Jerry sont de retour au Kansas avec Dorothy ! Mais pas pour longtemps : un tout nouveau m\u00e9chant surgit de ce monde magique - Le Roi Gnome ! En effet, apr\u00e8s avoir captur\u00e9 la Bonne Sorci\u00e8re, le Roi Gnome et son arm\u00e9e sont en train de d\u00e9truire Oz et il ne leur manque qu'on objet pour contr\u00f4ler la Cit\u00e9 d'Emeraude : les souliers rouges de Dorothy. C'est donc \u00e0 notre chat et notre souris favoris de retourner \u00e0 Oz et de sauver le monde qu'ils aiment tant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f6QLwdefXW3TFv5aJumUpKXxRF9.jpg", "actors": ["Amy Pemberton (The Mouse Queen (singing voice))", "Joe Alaskey (The Wizard of Oz / Butch / Droopy)", "Michael Gough (The Scarecrow / Hunk)", "Rob Paulsen (The Tin Man / Hickory)", "Laraine Newman (The Wicked Witch of the West)", "Kath Soucie (Tuffy the Muchhkin Mouse, Tractor)", "James Monroe Inglehart (Calvin Carney / Jitterbug)", "Spike Brandt (Spike)", "Grey DeLisle (Dorothy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Returning to the Emerald city to take back it from a rising evil king.**\r\n\r\nThe first thing everybody wants to know is that this film is not for everyone. If you are an animation fan and watch all the mainstream animations, particularly 3D animations, then you might won't enjoy it. The 2D animation is obviously outdated, but still used for televisions. Especially 'Tom & Jerry' film series are quite unstoppable. It does not follow-up exactly where the previous one ended, because it is for fun and everything in it was senseless to consider seriously. And the target audience is children, but anybody can watch it.\r\n\r\nThis is a sequel to the 'Tom & Jerry: The Wizard of Oz', so the tale continued with a quick recall in the opening. When some of the Dorothy's friends come to Kansas looks for help, she decides to do what she can. But they need a portal to transport to the Oz, so they go to find a wizard who can help them. The adventure begins when they reach the Emerald city where a new evil king posing a threat who has taken the crown and trying to merge his underworld kingdom to it. How Dorothy with Tom and Jerry and their friends save the Oz capital was told in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nYou know, I have not seen all the films in this franchise, but at least half of them. The problem with this was, 'The Wizard of Oz' has a big number of its own characters, so Tom and Jerry were completely out of the focus. You can see them very occasionally in it, but Dorothy and her friends take over all the prominent scenes. So if you are a big fan of 'Tom & Jerry', you won't be happy for it surely. In that case you can skip it, but it was not a bad flick. Even though it was a direct-to-video film, the production was decent. Whatever, I won't recommend it, since 'Tom & Jerry' is just a title, not enough adventures by them to consider it their film.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [72972, 48740, 166747, 289239], "youtube_key": "notfound"}