{"tmdb_id": 403605, "title": "Headshot", "original_title": "Headshot", "slug_title": "headshot", "date": "2016-09-24", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un amn\u00e9sique dont le myst\u00e9rieux pass\u00e9 de machine \u00e0 tuer revient \u00e0 la charge alors qu'il doit combattre un baron de la drogue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2LveJSKfb3jiaZIwUvcBJswLplU.jpg", "actors": ["Iko Uwais (Ismail)", "Chelsea Islan (Alin)", "Sunny Pang (Lee)", "Julie Estelle (Rika)", "David Hendrawan (Tejo)", "Very Tri Yulisman (Besi)", "Zack Lee (Tano)", "Yayu A.W. Unru (Romli)", "Bront Palarae (Policeman)", "Ganindra Bimo (Bondi)", "Ario Bayu (Jakarta Police Captain)", "Egy Fedly (Gang Boss Anto)", "Avrilla Sigarlaki (Mina)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**No matter what, the bad past always hunts you down!**\r\n\r\nLike everybody, I was anticipating 'The Raid 3', instead I got this one. Iko Uwais is not just a rising star, he is making Indonesian films internationally recognised. But seems as fast he's rising, as fast he's sinking. The reason is heavily relied on martial arts. In real life, he himself an artist too. But taking into the account like from Tony Jaa, and Hong Kong, Chinese film industries. That's a one generation thing. To keep the industry on the float in the long term, it takes good stories and performances, alongside good production.\r\n\r\n'The Raid' duology was good, but not lucky anymore. Basically, this is the same pattern with different characters and situations compared to those two titles. The stunt fans might enjoy it, but what terribly lacked in this film was the a good story. The majority of the film goers, including film critics believe in that. Hence it did not deliver as expected. By the way, this is a generation of CGI film like 'Mad Max: Fury Road'. Yet some kids from the 90s still love to see a pure martial art films.\r\n\r\nIt is an action packed film. A gangster theme. The day when a notorious gangster leader named Lee escapes the prison, a young man was found unconscious on the beach, then he was treated by an aspiring young doctor. Lee finds out about this amnesiac man and sends his finest men to retrieve him. But nothing goes as planned. The confrontation between them slowly restores his lost memory. Defeating all the fighters, he's set for the final standoff against Lee which will bring an end to the narration.\r\n\r\n> \u275dYou saved me before. I need you to save me one more time.\u275e\r\n\r\nThe production was good, though the performances were ordinary. Because all the focus were the action sequences. At least I expected decent dialogues. It was a weird romance platform, a sub-genre. Romance can blossom anywhere, anytime, but weakly developed to believe it the least. Not the best martial art film too. There were some twists in the narration, but none were surprising enough. The film would have achieved a better result if it had done well in the stunt parts. I'm sure there will be some people who would like it or liked it. I usually like martial art films, but not this one, not my cup of tea.\r\n\r\nSometimes the opening does not matter if the rest of the tale recovers well. Very clich\u00e9d initiation, but it did not get better. Especially the conclusion was a big let down. The entire film was leaned on Iko's role. Also the character Lee was too much hyped. In between them, the rest of the cast was discarded. Overall, I don't think they have missed an opportunity in here, because I felt nothing were designed so well to be a decent film at any level. From familiarity to the predictability, the storytelling never had the upper hand to get better. Some people think it is worth watching at least once, but according to me not. All I would say is it's your call.\r\n\r\n_4.5/10_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not a bad movie, but coming straight off of _The Raid_ and _The Night Comes For Us_ did make _Headshot_ a little disappointing. Iko Uwais movies are still a safe bet in my book though.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [449992, 34626, 180299, 290864]}