{"tmdb_id": 40368, "title": "Cauchemars \u00e0 Daytona Beach", "original_title": "Nightmare", "slug_title": "cauchemars-a-daytona-beach", "date": "1981-10-23", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un dangereux psychopathe revient dans la maison de son enfance, o\u00f9 il a, autrefois, tu\u00e9 sa m\u00e8re et son amant \u00e0 coups de hache. Il va terroriser les nouveaux habitants de la funeste demeure. En effet, le d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 George Tatum, obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par son acte meurtrier, qu'il revit maintes fois dans d'atroces cauchemars, vient d'\u00eatre lib\u00e9r\u00e9 de son long s\u00e9jour psychiatrique, apparemment gu\u00e9ri selon ses m\u00e9decins qui continuent tout de m\u00eame \u00e0 le suivre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2p1hv5Mvl0EqiUiLIEs4JtNtLtK.jpg", "actors": ["Baird Stafford (George Tatum)", "Sharon Smith (Susan Temper)", "C.J. Cooke (C.J. Temper)", "Mik Cribben (Bob Rosen)", "Danny Ronan (Kathy the Babysitter)", "John William Watkins (Man with Cigar (as John Watkins))", "Bill Milling (Paul Williamson (as William Milling))", "Scott Praetorius (Young George)", "William Kirksey (George's Father (as William S. Kirksey))", "Christina Keefe (George's Mother)", "Tammy Patterson (Tammy Temper)", "Kim Patterson (Kim Temper)", "Kathleen Ferguson (Barbara)", "William Paul (Steve)", "Tommy Bouvier (Joe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "Nightmare was released in 1981, right in the middle of the slasher boom of the 80\u2019s. Thankfully, it was one of the better slashers to be released during that wave.\r\nNightmare follows a mental patient in New York. He escapes from a mental institution where doctors have been giving him experimental drugs to try to cure, or find the cause of, his psychosis. We follow this patient as he makes his way down the East Coast, leaving bodies in his wake. We also see some of the things he dreams about, and we begin to understand why this person is as screwed up as he is.\r\nWhen the patient finally arrives at his destination, he appears to be fixated on one particular family. This is when we are introduced to a kid named CJ, who appears to be dealing with his own issues at a very young age. So why is this psychopath interested in this one family? Well, you\u2019ll just have to watch it yourself to find out since I am going to recommend this movie.\r\nNightmare pretty much follows the standard slasher blueprint, but the biggest difference is we see the killer throughout the movie. We follow his journey. We see his face. He doesn\u2019t want to kill people, but he can\u2019t help himself. You almost sympathize with the killer. Speaking of the kills, this movie has some really impressive gore and kill scenes considering the budget. There is a lot of gore and blood, but at no time does it feel forced or gratuitous. It flows with the movie, and only intensifies the scenes in which they appear. It very effective use of gore, and the rest of the movie is good enough where you don\u2019t feel the dialog and story is just a vehicle to get you to those scenes."}], "recommandations_id": [39918, 44936, 39916, 54109]}