{"tmdb_id": 40374, "title": "Breezy", "original_title": "Breezy", "slug_title": "breezy", "date": "1973-11-18", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Un architecte quinquag\u00e9naire rencontre une jeune hippie. Leur relation amoureuse se heurte aux pr\u00e9jug\u00e9s de leur entourage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mhQkFM5oqpNlGn14bb94IGgTgJQ.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Frank Harmon)", "Kay Lenz (Edith Alice Breezerman ('Breezy'))", "Roger C. Carmel (Bob Henderson)", "Marj Dusay (Betty Tobin)", "Joan Hotchkis (Paula Harmon)", "Jamie Smith-Jackson (Marcy)", "Norman Bartold (Man in car)", "Lynn Borden (Harmon's Overnight Date)", "Shelley Morrison (Nancy Henderson)", "Scott Holden (Veterinarian)", "Clint Eastwood (Man at Marina (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The one who wandered around like a breeze.**\r\n\r\nThis is one of the earlier directional venture for Clint Eastwood. Probably not famous among his fans as his other flicks, but I totally loved it. I did not know it was his film till I saw, though he did not star in it, because the story needed an older actor than he was at that time. To me this film looked like a sweet poem, one of the rare romance theme, and most probably for the open minded people. Now this entered into my all time favourite list. So now you know how much I liked it, but I want to write more about it...\r\n\r\nIt was a wonderful opening, I mean very simple, but you will remember forever the Breezy's introduction, step by step her trademarks like her attire; a hat and an old jacket, guitar that never used and the way she's living her life on the daily basis. We never know why she chose that life, but her kindness really reaches our heart. She's not just like her kind of people, I mean Americans call them hippy, but very soon the film reveals her emotional side when she finds a dead dog on the road side. So she runs away from a man she just met leaving her things behind in the car, but again, they meet in an unexpected circumstance like a fate brought them together. Their relationship as well gets more intentional by the days passing by. But the unavoidable differences between them and the society that talks behind them forces them apart. The remaining tale is to disclose whether they remain true to their hearts or the reality takes over.\r\n\r\nDon't misunderstand what you read in synopsis, this is not a sexual exploration or drugs and alcohol related thematic product. This is a cute romance film between an older man and an older teenage girl. So it is good for the grown-up audience and maybe matured teens, particularly not for the people who are culturally, religiously attached to. I don't think so, I would have liked it if I saw it ten years ago. Maybe the age factor played a role here, I'm a different person now, but I'm glad I saw it at the right time of my life. Like there's a saying, better late than never, anyway, I was not even born when it came out.\r\n\r\n> \"Nobody matures. They just grow tired.\"\r\n\r\nNot just Clint Eastwood's direction, but the writing was top class. Everybody who worked for the film delivered, but still I can't understand how it went unnoticed all these years. Both the lead actors were extraordinary. Great, an unusual chemistry, especially William Holden was made for the character he had played in this. And for Kay Lenz, it will be her best film, particularly from those I've seen. She also nominated for the Golden Globe for her role in this, but I feel she should have won it. The musics and songs were good with the beautiful cinematography. You will never know how this film ends so fast, that kind of addictive it is that makes you forget the time.\r\n\r\nThe most of the film focused on the two main characters and they are completely different from one another which was neatly briefed on the screen for us. It took enough time to set the tone right, particularly the old man's, but Breezy was very easy and everybody who watches this film would surely fall in love with her. Eastwood did not make many romance films, but from those this would definitely remain on the top. He said he liked this one very much, it is his one of the favourite among his directional features. I would have not minded if he had played the lead role with make-up to change the look, but I'm very happy with the existing casting.\r\n\r\nIt opened with the character Breezy, but soon the narration shifts to an old man's perspective. Slightly an emotional tale, but in a romantic way. There were many touching and memorable lines. When I like a film, I would watch it again in a short gap and I did for this. But the result was same, I liked it even more on my second viewing. Forget the respond it got when it got released, but those who watched it in the recent time praising it a lot. Definitely it's going to set a cult status once a good number of people saw it, definitely it should be. For now it is like another 'Melody', so I strongly suggest you to watch it and spread the words. I hope you realise I'm not wrong.\r\n\r\n_9/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [28131, 49462, 47646, 155450], "youtube_key": "38zpqhU_GcM"}