{"tmdb_id": 40392, "title": "Slaughter Disc", "original_title": "Slaughter Disc", "slug_title": "slaughter-disc", "date": "2005-01-01", "genre": "", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jrcnjdPzqTG9yuRC37EqidM1xTl.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Greigh Johanson", "content": "**Slaughter Disc** was written by **David Quitmeyer** for over fifteen years ago and was previously called \"**The Tape**\" before it was completed. This is the movie that tames all boundaries. To mix this pornographic work with a bestial extravasation may cause the penis to crawl deeper into the foreskin. You feel a hard uncomfortable - but the film succeeds more or less to exalt me, and although the film actually contains genuine pornography, you'll ignore that part pretty quickly. It's like the ultimate film anywhere and graphically speaking - it's also a really nice one.\r\n\r\nUsually, sound and image is very badly done on low-budget films. But strangely enough, I experienced this film has surprisingly good quality. **David Quitmeyer** completed its work with a budget of just over $10,000. It was filmed in **MiniDV**-format and its effects vary from semi-shitty blue screen and CGI technology to phenomenal hand-characteristically effects. The actors also do a fairly good bet to be played by amateurs from drama school. The music we time-wise are told in the film are performed by **Peter Gorritz** from the gothic band \"**The Last Dance**\" which was brought in to compose a dark, well-built atmosphere to stage performances.\r\n\r\nThis is possibly a movie I think many loyal Gore-hounds more or less would appreciate. It's a real cool movie experience, but what I would have liked a little more of is probably more dismemberment, viscera, and slush. But what you will see doesn't make you disappointed."}], "recommandations_id": []}