{"tmdb_id": 404378, "title": "Un chat pour la vie", "original_title": "A Street Cat Named Bob", "slug_title": "un-chat-pour-la-vie", "date": "2016-11-04", "genre": "Drame / Familial / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "R\u00e9fugi\u00e9 dans la drogue depuis l'adolescence, James Bowen est un jeune SDF Anglais en manque de rep\u00e8res. Un jour, il trouve un chat abandonn\u00e9 qui s'appelle Bob et les deux deviennent ins\u00e9parables. Un duo improbable et une amiti\u00e9 hors du commun qui vont aider James \u00e0 sortir de l'enfer. Il rencontre l'amour et renoue avec sa famille, tout en devenant un livreur de journaux en compagnie de son nouvel animal de compagnie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/QX7pIn930iJua5Ke64G3J8XsiY.jpg", "actors": ["Luke Treadaway (James Bowen)", "Ruta Gedmintas (Betty)", "Joanne Froggatt (Val)", "Anthony Stewart Head (Nigel Bowen)", "Caroline Goodall (Mary)", "Bob the Cat (Bob)", "Beth Goddard (Hillary)", "Darren Evans (Baz)", "Ruth Sheen (Elsie)", "Nina Wadia (Bus Conductress)", "John Henshaw (Tube Station Guard)", "Nadine Marshall (Kelly)", "Lorraine Ashbourne (Local Housing Officer)", "Akbar Kurtha (Pharmacist)", "Llewella Gideon (Meter Lady)", "Ivana Ba\u0161i\u0107 (Vet Receptionist)", "Rob Jarvis (Peter Gruner)", "Sasha Dickens (Faith)", "Cleopatra Dickens (Pris)", "Rosie Ede (Cat Lover)", "Tony Jayawardena (Tony)", "Adam Riches (Man with Car)", "Frances Ashman (Danielle)", "Jill Winternitz (American Wife)", "Ben Deery (American Husband)", "Gemma Nichols (Tourist)", "Pearl Maburutse (Beatbox Performer)", "Margot Edwards (Cat Enthusiast)", "Hattie Ladbury (Rich Woman)", "Jacob James Beswick (Aggressive Dog Owner)", "James Bowen (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**In the tough time, they have found one another.**\r\n\r\nAfter taking a week off from the films, now I'm back with this one. It is a British film based on the book of the same name, which is inspired by a real person and his cat. Well, it might be wrong to say 'his cat', because according to this film, I learnt that they have found one another. So nobody belongs to no one, except in human perception its 'his cat' and that's how this story goes.\r\n\r\nThe title reminded me a classic film, but this is nothing like that one. If fact, it is a very suitable title name. How many people do you think gets a chance to represent themselves for the film version, excluding documentaries. Here Bob the cat had got one. He was so perfect. I'm not really a cat person, but when I was small I lived among lots of them and they all are nothing like this Bob. So if I want one, I need exactly like the Bob.\r\n\r\nThe story is about a young man, James, who is a drug addict. Living on the street, singing to get close to enough money to feed. Sometimes frustratingly short to buy a meal, leads back to the needles at the time he tries his best to free from them. Having no friends and family for support, that's how he meets Bob. Bob is a stray cat who snuck into the James house and instantly they had become friends. All Bob wanted was a safe place and an owner to feed him. And for James, to divert attention from his issues.\r\n\r\nHumans and animals won't talk, but all those great relationships are built with wonderful understanding. I have seen many films based on man and animal bond, and there's nothing new from this, yet very inspiring. This tale was told from James perspective, having Bob alongside, but very nicely revealed how things change when we start to commit to something with a great support.\r\n\r\n> \u275dYou got yourself a lifelong partner there. Better friends than people, they are.\u275e\r\n\r\nFrom the outside, it looks like another 'Inside Llewyn Davis'. A man with no future, having a guitar in one hand and a cat in another, roaming the city. Other than that it is totally a different film. Well cast and made a film. The female lead looked like on cosplay. There's a little romance, but the focus always has been James and Bob. Even there are many scenes from Bob's perspective, like through his eyes how things look. Going after a mouse, travelling on the bus and bicycle, performing on the street, the camera literally on the ground to reveal that angle of the story.\r\n\r\nIn a country like India, all domestic animals including pet animals roam casually everywhere without bothering about any threat. But elsewhere, like as in this film in England, one must get a license to have a pet. What I meant is, people are not used to those animals on the street and when they see one, they go like 'oh, so cute', 'so sweet'. Anyway, Bob and James won the many hearts. When they get on the street, it will be a spotlight. Crowd throng to see them, the rare partnership led them to fame. That was not their intention, but it helped them to overcome poverty.\r\n\r\nThe pet lovers would love this film. Despite the original theme is darker with drugs, the film was fun and friendly for almost all ages. Seems like a holiday film, particularly to watch during Christmas. Well, it came on that season, but I saw it only now and I'm happy I did not give it a miss. This is a good film for families, so recommended it to them. Meanwhile, there's a follow-up book and I'm hoping that they would turn it as well a film. I don't know the book, but after watching this one, I feel it is worth it. So waiting for any official confirmation.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [179154, 56401, 469113, 102167]}