{"tmdb_id": 404340, "title": "The Achy Breaky Hearts", "original_title": "The Achy Breaky Hearts", "slug_title": "the-achy-breaky-hearts", "date": "2016-06-29", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Chinggay, a jewelry shop manager, is one of the single women in their 30\u2019s who feels the pressure to find love. She goes out on dates with men but none of them seem to make the cut. You may blame her high standards but the pain from her previous relationship could also be affecting her judgment on men. Now, her love life is suffering a drought for seven years. Everything changes when suddenly, two men are interested to be with her. Ryan bought an engagement ring from Chinggay only to be rejected by his girlfriend. Chinggay helps Ryan to get back with his girlfriend but they end up losing the ring and becoming good friends. On the other hand, Chinggay\u2019s ex-boyfriend Frank is persistent to redeem himself and to prove that he deserves a second chance with Chinggay. Chinggay finds herself torn between two kinds of love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f3M5ekLViit5Ht7n17a3kmUZBlZ.jpg", "actors": ["Jodi Sta. Maria (Chinggay)", "Richard Yap (Frank)", "Ian Veneracion (Ryan)", "Sarah Lahbati ()", "Desiree del Valle ()", "Erika Padilla ()", "Denise Joaquin ()", "Khalil Ramos ()", "Shamaine Buencamino ()", "Miles Ocampo ()", "Liza Lorena ()", "Rey PJ Abellana ()", "John Spainhour ()", "Elizabeth Ty Chua ()", "Yuan Francisco ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}