{"tmdb_id": 404357, "title": "Deadwood Falls", "original_title": "Deadwood Falls", "slug_title": "deadwood-falls", "date": "2017-10-31", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "The town of Deadwood Falls is no more. On Christmas Eve 2003, all 479 men, women and children simply disappeared overnight. There were no footprints into or out of the snowbound town. Leaving behind all of their belongings, the townspeople vanished without a trace. Only one person was found-a man whose body was burned from head to toe and who has remained in a coma all these years. Until tonight that is-on the 7th anniversary of the town's disappearance, the mysterious survivor has awakened...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hzfEsBBijFHNTA1bWwtAoUMSM75.jpg", "actors": ["Roberto Lombardi (Foster Grant)", "Katie Foster-Barnes (Katie Wagner)", "Glenn Mercer (Wade Anderson)", "John Boggi (David / Simon Trevelyn)", "Alex Gasbarro (Tom Wellman)", "Denise Murray (Christina Maitland)", "Pat DeFusco (Sgt. 'Griff' Griffin)", "Sandra Bulk (Carole Beaumont)", "Kimberly Kurus (Alice Winter)", "Chris Cherkis (George Cray)", "Susan Triggiani (Ada Beaumont)", "Phillip Mather (Ben Chambers)", "Meredith Morris (Helen Wagner)", "Val Uff (Mayor Walter Wagner)", "Brian Webster (Mark Maitland)", "Jeff Alchine (Dr. Will Masterson)", "Kevin Baumann (Officer Bill Krebbs)", "David Colbert (Dr. Edward Valdemar)", "Scott Cooney (Officer Dan Talman)", "Jamie Lynne McMahon (Rose)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}