{"tmdb_id": 405035, "title": "Koala Kumal", "original_title": "Koala Kumal", "slug_title": "koala-kumal", "date": "2016-07-06", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dika (Raditya Dika) is a guy who his married just got canceled because his girlfriend, Andrea (Acha Septriasa) is cheating on him with a guy named James (Nino Fernandez). Dika is broken hearted, he's even in trouble writing the final chapter of his book. One day, a girl named Trisna (Sheryl Sheinafia) met with Dika, a girl who made a unique viewpoint on the world on Dika. Dika went along Trisna, they become best friends. Trisna who had intended to help Dika finish the last chapter of his book, find the reasons why Dika is in trouble writing the final chapter: because he was stil heartbroken to Andrea. Trisna was trying to make Dika stop heartbreak. Trisna told Dika to revenge Andrea. Will Dika follow the Trisna advice? Why Trisna really intend for Dika separated from the heartbreak that happened to him?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1OgZEiPTCaDPz3jfOvyDBEJBFYy.jpg", "actors": ["Raditya Dika (Dika)", "Acha Septriasa (Andrea)", "Sheryl Sheinafia (Trisna)", "Nino Fernandez (James)", "Anggika Bolsterli (Kinara)", "Ernest Prakasa (Ronny)", "Cut Mini Theo (Mama Dika)", "Dede Yusuf (Ayah Dika)", "Dwi Sasono (Editor)", "Fero Walandouw (Wira)", "Adipati Dolken (Coki)", "Kevin Julio ()", "Jessica Mila ()", "Lydia Kandou ()", "Muhadkly Acho ()", "Karina Nadila ()", "Regina Rengganis ()", "McDanny ()", "Bene Dion Rajagukguk ()", "Fico Fachriza ()", "Yudha Keling ()", "Hifdzi Khoir ()", "Afif Xavi ()", "Rahmet Ababil ()", "Paopao LDP ()", "Ardina Putri ()", "Dhino Haryo ()", "Ronny P. Tjandra ()", "Henky Solaiman ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "jRV9Nj_zGZA"}