{"tmdb_id": 405775, "title": "The Wall", "original_title": "The Wall", "slug_title": "the-wall", "date": "2017-05-12", "genre": "Thriller / Guerre / Drame", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux soldats am\u00e9ricains sont la cible d\u2019un tireur d\u2019\u00e9lite irakien. Seul un pan de mur en ruine les prot\u00e8ge encore d\u2019une mort certaine. Au-del\u00e0 d\u2019une lutte pour la survie, c\u2019est une guerre de volont\u00e9s qui se joue, faite de tactique, d\u2019intelligence et d\u2019aptitude \u00e0 atteindre l\u2019ennemi par tous les moyens\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m0ZvL6uGP4O5GnVeYevTWDCx0FG.jpg", "actors": ["Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Isaac)", "John Cena (Matthews)", "Laith Nakli (Juba (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cAn above average war movie with a really good ending\u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nThis movie happens during the Iraq war as two soldiers are checking out a wall where they get to see many casualties. So they suspect something is not right that\u2019s when they come across a haji sniper and then their fight for survival begins. To say about the story it was good but I have come across many movies like this. Acting vise it was good but I would have rated this movie just an average if the ending was not so good. I loved the ending.\r\n\r\nYes I would recommend this movie to anyone I know. I would say give it a shot.\r\n\r\nNotable Acting\r\n\r\nAaron Taylor-Johnson famous for his movies like the kick ass franchise and Godzilla.\r\n\r\nJohn Cena he is a famous wwe wrestler \r\n\r\nMy Rating 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Enemy at the Wall_.\r\n\r\nA single location drama can be hard to pull off, especially when you only have three actors in the whole thing, and one of them is John Cena, and while _The Wall_ maybe isn't the strongest example of such an endeavour, it's still a successful one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Not for humans!**\r\n\r\nThis is not for humans. A film made to entertain terrorists. There's no reason it to be called an anti-American film. But there's certain rules for everything, that's a fairy-tale always has to end 'happily ever after' and in a film about terrorism, all terrorists must die.\r\n\r\nThe biggest shock is it was made by a well known filmmaker for his some blockbusters. This is a limited cast and a day event film. I did not think the entire film was bad. Only the end ruined everything. If it had a better conclusion, might have been as good as 'Kajaki'.\r\n\r\nThe character looked unique, because you don't always have a highly skilled, intelligent soldier on the field. That's the best part, and then the most of the narration was simply empty, total drag or time wasting events. Recommended to skip it without a second thought!\r\n\r\n_1/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334521, 347629, 291276, 314095]}