{"tmdb_id": 405774, "title": "Bird Box", "original_title": "Bird Box", "slug_title": "bird-box", "date": "2018-12-13", "genre": "Thriller / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Depuis cinq ans, une pr\u00e9sence invisible et mena\u00e7ante pousse la population au suicide. Mais une femme et ses deux enfants font le pari insens\u00e9 de lui \u00e9chapper...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dQttGQbagXWlaq32YlQj9uDoUEp.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Bullock (Malorie Hayes)", "Trevante Rhodes (Tom)", "John Malkovich (Douglas)", "Sarah Paulson (Jessica)", "Jacki Weaver (Cheryl)", "Rosa Salazar (Lucy)", "Danielle Macdonald (Olympia)", "LilRel Howery (Charlie)", "Tom Hollander (Gary)", "Machine Gun Kelly (Felix)", "BD Wong (Greg)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Rick)", "Vivien Lyra Blair (Girl/Olympia)", "Julian Edwards (Boy/Tom)", "Parminder Nagra (Dr. Lapham)", "Rebecca Pidgeon (Lydia)", "Amy Gumenick (Samantha)", "Taylor Handley (Jason)", "Happy Anderson (River Man)", "Kyle Beatty (Elder Marauder)", "Ashley Alvarado (Female Marauder)", "David Dastmalchian (Whistling Marauder)", "Keith Jardine (Yelling Marauder)", "Kristopher Logan (Older Man)", "Shirley Butler (Woman in Entryway)", "Chanon Finley (Iris)", "Frank Mottek (News Anchor)", "Danny Max (Radio Newscaster #1 (voice))", "Debra Mark (Radio Newscaster #2 (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Kind of a _The Happening_ meets _A Quiet Place_, but better than the latter and **way** better than the former. Maybe I didn't get eeeeeeverything I wanted out of _Bird Box_ but I'm still on board. I know that I opened this up by saying the movie is very much like two other movies, but what I liked most about is honestly that it's unlike 99.99% of the horror genre, and that little variation was just what I needed today.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Well, at least it doesn\u2019t have zombies***\r\n\r\nA mass epidemic strikes Earth which makes people go crazy and commit suicide, but only IF they are not blindfolded and SEE the mysterious phenomena. A group of Californians find succor in an abode with covered windows. One woman (Sandra Bullock) and two children try to make it down a remote river to find sanctuary, blindfolded. Trevante Rhodes and John Malkovich costar. \r\n\r\n\u201cBird Box\u201d (2018) is a post-apocalyptic survival adventure/horror with an original concept and elements of flicks like \u201cThe Book of Eli\u201d (2010), \u201cThe Mist\u201d (2007), \u201cCarriers\u201d (2009) and \u201cStake Land\u201d (2010). The reason for the apocalypse is what makes \u201cBird Box\u201d standout and, thankfully, there are no zombies, yet it\u2019s the least of these for a couple of reasons.\r\n\r\nFor one, I didn\u2019t find the dramatic dynamics of the group all that captivating, but it was okay. If you\u2019re a fan of Bullock you\u2019ll probably like this movie more than me. I appreciated Rosa Salazar as Lucy, but her role isn\u2019t that significant. Meanwhile Rhodes and Malkovich are effective.\r\n\r\nThe concept behind the mass crisis is where the movie fails. It\u2019s sort of explained and yet it isn\u2019t. There are too many inconsistencies and what appears to be plot holes. It\u2019s basically a bunch of malarkey and reflects lazy writing. People on message boards debate back-and-forth ad nauseam, but the movie\u2019s too nonsensical and meh to make it worth the effort.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours and 4 minutes and was shot in Southern Cal (Monrovia, La Puente, Santa Clarita, Smith River, Scripps College and Los Angeles).\r\n\r\nGRACE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [569547, 447332, 297802, 335983]}