{"tmdb_id": 40570, "title": "Mutiny on the Buses", "original_title": "Mutiny on the Buses", "slug_title": "mutiny-on-the-buses", "date": "1972-06-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Bus driver Stan Butler agrees to marry Suzy, much to the anguish of Mum, her son-in-law, Arthur, and daughter Olive. How, they wonder, will they ever manage without Stan's money coming in? Then Arthur is sacked, and Stan agrees to delay the wedding. Meanwhile, he hits on an idea: Arthur should learn to drive a bus. Somehow he does just that, and even gets a job. Stan then blackmails the Depot Manager into giving him the job of driver on the new money-making Special Tours Bus. A great idea ...if only the inspector hadn't taken Stan on his trial run to the Windsor Safari Park", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5SGJM6pgVBYSMDhcdqvGpuut5UI.jpg", "actors": ["Reg Varney (Stan Butler)", "Doris Hare (Stan's Mum)", "Michael Robbins (Arthur his brother in law)", "Anna Karen (Olive his sister)", "Bob Grant (Jack his Conductor)", "Stephen Lewis (The Inspector)", "Janet Mahoney (Susy)", "Pat Ashton (Norah)", "Kevin Brennan (Mr. Jenkins)", "Bob Todd (New Inspector)", "David Lodge (Safari Guard)", "Tex Fuller (Harry)", "Caroline Dowdeswell (Sandra)", "Jan Rennison (Gloria)", "Damaris Hayman (Mrs. Jenkins)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You lecherous moron!\r\n\r\nThe second of three film spin-offs from the very popular British situation comedy, On the Buses, is actually the best of the three. Of course this will mean nothing to any Brit who wasn't a fan of the format, or anyone perturbed by the absence of political correctness in movies from a different era.\r\n\r\nFalling in line with the wave of sex comedy based movies that surfaced in 1970s Britain, Mutiny on the Buses pitches our sex hungry bus depot workers against a new management regime determined to actually operate a bus company! Hence the mutiny when all and sundry do all they can to usurp the plans of Inspector Blakey (Stephen Lewis) and Mr. Jenkins (Kevin Brennan). What follows, in between the kissing and fondling - and the not so sly innuendo - are the usual pratfall scenarios played for energetic laughs, with the stand out being a fire drill training stint that descends into frothy chaos.\r\n\r\nSomewhat forgotten is that the snapshot of the era carries considerable value for those that lived it. The cramped housing arrangements, the sexual attitudes and the unemployment issues brought about by redundancy, these are here making a mark regardless of being played for laughs. The change over of ramshackle buses to the new type as a new era is ushered in - with the engine at the rear no less! And delightful old wives tales to help you to stop snoring. \r\n\r\nYes, there's the harmless smut (this is hardly the \"Confessions Of\" or \"Adventures Of\" standard of sex comedy films), and a gentle smell of misogyny (though the girls are empowered to take control here), but time is a funny thing and so is nostalgia. Mutiny on the Buses, good fun with a wink and a nod to early 70s Britain. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [19249, 40742, 43996, 87977], "youtube_key": "notfound"}