{"tmdb_id": 40642, "title": "L'\u00c9nigme du lac noir", "original_title": "The Secret of Convict Lake", "slug_title": "l-enigme-du-lac-noir", "date": "1951-08-03", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1871, un groupe de bagnards s'\u00e9chappe de la prison de Carson City dans le Nevada et tente de rejoindre la Californie \u00e0 travers les montagnes enneig\u00e9es. Pi\u00e9g\u00e9s dans le blizzard, ils finissent par atteindre le village isol\u00e9 de Monte Diablo. L\u00e0, ils s'aper\u00e7oivent que tous les hommes sont partis et que le village n'est plus occup\u00e9 que par des femmes. Les fuyards demandent \u00e0 celles-ci de quoi manger et dormir. Bien que m\u00e9fiantes, elles finissent par accepter de les loger pour une nuit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e7TppFQ61ftIyzl8bv30ZKL8qkZ.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Jim Canfield)", "Gene Tierney (Marcia Stoddard)", "Ethel Barrymore (Granny)", "Zachary Scott (Johnny Greer)", "Ann Dvorak (Rachel Schaeffer)", "Barbara Bates (Barbara Purcell)", "Cyril Cusack (Edward 'Limey' Cockerell)", "Richard Hylton (Clyde Maxwell)", "Helen Westcott (Susan Haggerty)", "Jeanette Nolan (Harriet Purcell)", "Ruth Donnelly (Mary Fancher)", "Harry Carter (Rudy Schaeffer)", "Mary Carroll (Millie Gower)", "Charles Flynn (Steve Gower)", "Raymond Greenleaf (Tom Fancher)", "Jack Lambert (Matt Anderson)", "William F. Leicester (Luke Haggerty)", "Tom London (Jerry)", "Dale Robertson (Narrator (Voice))", "Houseley Stevenson (Samuel 'Pawnee Sam' Barlow)", "Bernard Szold (Bartender)", "Ray Teal (Sheriff Cromwell)", "Max Wagner (Jack Purcell)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Convict Conundrum.\r\n\r\nThe Secret of Convict Lake is directed by Michael Gordon and collectively written by Anna Hunger, Jack Pollexfen, Oscar Saul and Victor Trivas. It stars Glenn Ford, Gene Tierney, Ethel Barrymore, Zachary Scott, Ann Dvorak, Barbara Bates, Cyril Cusack, Richard Hylton, Helen Westcott, and Jeanette Nolan. Music is by Sol Kaplan and cinematography by Leo Tover.\r\n\r\nI came here to kill one man. I don't mind killing a couple of others if I have to.\r\n\r\nIt's winter time here at Diablo Lake, and the five convicts who have survived the escape find themselves holed up in a remote village. Their reasons for being there differ, more notable though is that the men of the village are away prospecting, meaning the village is only currently populated by women.\r\n\r\nIt's a fine bubbling broth of scenarios, each convict is different, ranging from unstable psycho type, alpha male, twitchy youngster, simpleton and on to the calm likeable one who doesn't appear to belong in this company. So with the reasons for the men being here established, narrative then jostles with the inner fighting of the convicts, and the various emotional strands of the women folk. Suffice to say there is sexual tensions, mistrust, misrule, macho posturing and of course secrets to be born out.\r\n\r\nViolence is sporadic but potent upon arrivals (one instance especially grabs you by the throat), and with the mystery of the men's crimes a constant question, intrigue makes for an enjoyable companion. Tech credits are uneven. The studio bound feel of the village sequences which fill out 90% of the pic are an itch, making you hanker for the more expansive snowy terrains that greeted us at story beginning. However, Tover's monochrome photography is suitably mood compliant, even if Kaplan's score isn't, while the lead actors are giving good value to offset some of the histrionics elsewhere.\r\n\r\nPerhaps not the firecracker it could have been, given all the elements involved - particularly annoying that a strong feminist bent subsides into token play - this is none the less a most interesting piece that holds attention throughout. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74422, 26373, 15401, 40744], "youtube_key": "fwEFXbESzYA"}