{"tmdb_id": 406568, "title": "Get My Revenge", "original_title": "\u5fa9\u8b90\u3057\u305f\u3044", "slug_title": "get-my-revenge", "date": "2016-03-05", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In 2002, \u201cFukushu Ho\u201d (Revenge Law) has been implemented. \u201cFukushu Ho\u201d allows victims or victims' family to exact revenge against criminals directly.  Yasuyuki is a middle school teacher. He is opposed to \u201cFukushu Ho,\u201d but he changes his mind after his wife is murdered. Yasuyuki decides to take revenge on the murderer who killed his wife. According to \u201cFukushu Ho,\u201d Yasuyuki travels to an island which has been designated as the get my revenge location.  At the same time, members of a radical environment protection group, who committed terroristic acts indiscriminately, are at the same island. Family members who lost loved ones in the terroristic acts arrive on the island to exact revenge. The victims' families have 18 hours to take revenge. Weapons, food and GPS are given to the families and the locations of the criminals. If the revenge acts are not carried out within 18 hours, the criminals are released.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/25bNodWzQNHHjtJRGKF3kqJckJ.jpg", "actors": ["Masaru Mizuno (Yasuyuki Takahashi)", "Maryjun Takahashi (Izumi Takahashi / Noriko Hoshino)", "Yutaka Kobayashi (Tetsuya Tadokoro)", "Shunsuke Tanaka (Junya Itagaki)", "Honda Takafumi (Shota Hino)", "Yukihisa Tamura (Yuji Sakura)", "Masato Yoshihara (Ryo Kodera)", "Yuhi (Tatsuya Maeda)", "Tatsunori Tsujimoto (Makoto Nozaki)", "Takumi Tsuchida (Yoichi Saku)", "Taiki Wakana (Shinya Inaba)", "Kento Hiramatsu (Taro Kasumi)", "Yuuka Ueno (Kyoko Kakuda)", "Ken Kaito (Kunie Kazamatsuri)", "Satoshi Jinbo (Hajime Takahashi)", "Yoshinori Okada (Akihiro Ikari)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}