{"tmdb_id": 406876, "title": "Samet...Beach of Love", "original_title": "\u0e40\u0e2a\u0e21\u0e47\u0e14... \u0e40\u0e2a\u0e23\u0e47\u0e08\u0e2b\u0e23\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e22\u0e31\u0e07", "slug_title": "samet-beach-of-love", "date": "2011-12-31", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "White... Nen is going to Samet island to meet his brother. He rescue Nanny who is about to commit suicide. They quickly get intimate but they do not have sex because Nen believes he wants something more than just sex.  Pink... Nat invites Jaek to Samet in the hopes of sleeping with her. But Jaek do not wish to have a serious relationship with him. But something unexpected happens and both of them starts to have true feelings for each other.  Violet... Ken and Noi broke up two years ago. But one day both of them happen to meet again when a mutual friend invites them to Samet island. Ken realized that he is still in love with Noi but it may already be too late.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4UVKLCKJmb0nIzf0kYT9m2ygUMR.jpg", "actors": ["Atthiwat Theeranithitnanth (\u0e15\u0e4a\u0e2d\u0e1a)", "Dujdao Duangpradab ()", "Pattera Sorralum ()", "Daraka Punyapipat ()", "Jinna Rujiseanee ()", "Achirayan Peerapatkunchaya ()", "Thitipat Pakpiseth ()", "Somchat Songklod ()", "Satthee Suksanguan ()", "Prew Viriyapannich ()", "Varasorn Chotevichien ()", "Joey Gana ()", "Anurak Yingnakorn ()", "Dao Kamnil ()", "Chompoonuch Theranrajchakij ()", "Cherng Chan Intaworn ()", "Boonanan Wantem ()", "Juthamas Saksermklat ()", "Kantika Meeplan ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "kq7Blsd_z70"}