{"tmdb_id": 40682, "title": "Les voleurs de trains", "original_title": "The Train Robbers", "slug_title": "les-voleurs-de-trains", "date": "1973-02-07", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "La jeune veuve Mme Lowe demande \u00e0 Lane et \u00e0 ses amis de l'aider \u00e0 retrouver les 500.000 dollars que son mari avait d\u00e9rob\u00e9 lors de l'attaque d'un train. Elle souhaite rendre l'argent \u00e0 qui de droit et r\u00e9habiliter ainsi la m\u00e9moire de son \u00e9poux, d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9 il y a cinq ans. Lane et ses compagnons partent \u00e0 la recherche du magot, mais sont suivis par vingt cavaliers, dont quelques uns \u00e9taient aux cot\u00e9s de Lowe lors du hold-up. Lane r\u00e9cup\u00e8re l'or au moment o\u00f9 les bandits d\u00e9cident d'attaquer. Lane et ses hommes parviendront \u00e0 les repousser. Il rend l'argent \u00e0 Mme Lowe, et apprend peu apr\u00e8s que la veuve est en fait une prostitu\u00e9e. Lane et ses amis d\u00e9cident alors d'attaquer le train.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cxnTLfyAVTWwWqfQ1S7zYLUIqsu.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Lane)", "Ann-Margret (Mrs. Lowe)", "Rod Taylor (Grady)", "Ben Johnson (Jesse)", "Christopher George (Calhoun)", "Bobby Vinton (Ben Young)", "Jerry Gatlin (Sam Turner)", "Ricardo Montalban (The Pinkerton Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is another old John Wayne classic that, despite being a bit of an oldie, is still so much fun to watch. Being made as late as 1973 it is one of the later works of John Wayne. I quite like these later works where he is often playing a grumpy old hero.\r\n\r\nThis movie is a good classical old western with a decent enough chunk of humor. It starts off fairly hilarious when Lane punches his friend for bringing a guy along who \u201ccould not take orders\u201d.  The continued muttering and bickering between Lane and his two old war-buddies is one of the things that makes this movie so fun to watch.\r\n\r\nThe story is a fairly simple one. A widow of a bank robber hires Lane and his friends to track down half a million in gold that said widow\u2019s husband stole and hid. Naturally there are other parties searching for the gold. The entire movie centers around Lane & Co though with the other parties just being kind of \u201caround\u201d which is perhaps a bit unusual. Apart from a few close-ups of a Pinkerton agent played by Ricardo Montalban (who of course will always be Khan for us sci-fi fans) and who has no major part to play until the end, we never really see the bad guys in any detail. They are just a bunch of men on horses riding over the country side or shooting at our heroes.\r\n\r\nAs is often the case with American western movies the landscape and scenery is also a contributing factor to the enjoyment of the movie. The choice of the abandoned train wreck in the desert was an interesting, a bit unusual, and visually pleasing one. I have to say that the \u201ctown\u201d where the train arrived with Lane and where the final fight took place was a wee bit disappointing though.It looked like three scattered houses and a water tower.\r\n\r\nThe ending was just as hilarious as the beginning. Actually more so. I just loved it when Lane rode after the train and in answer to his friends question explained that he was going to rob a train.\r\n\r\nThis was some very enjoyable 90 minutes indeed."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Hell You Say!\r\n\r\nThe Train Robbers is written and directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars John Wayne, Ann-Margret, Rod Taylor, Ben Johnson, Christopher George, Bobby Vinton, Jerry Gatlin and Ricardo Montalban. Music is by Dominic Frontiere and cinematography by William H. Clothier.\r\n\r\nMrs. Lowe (Margret) hires Lane (Wayne) and his assembled crew to retrieve half a million U.S. dollars that her late husband stole during a train robbery. If they can find it and return it to the railroad, Mrs. Lowe will clear the family name and the Lane crew will pocket the $50,000 reward. However, there's also a considerably large posse out searching for the gold, and who is the strange man travelling alone observing things from afar?\r\n\r\nA Technicolor/Panavision production filmed out of Durango in Mexico, The Train Robbers is small in plot but huge of entertainment heart. Gorgeously photographed by the highly skilled Clothier, director and writer Kennedy blends action, suspense and comedy as he straight out focuses on characterisations being expanded among the landscape beauty. With under ten speaking parts in the piece, and man made property kept to a minimum, it's very much a pared down production. This in no way hurts the film, in fact it's refreshing to see such an airy Oater, one that is made in the 70s but feels very much like a throwback to the 50s production line of Westerns.\r\n\r\nThe town of Liberty, Texas, forms the starting point for the movie, a near ghost town of a place, the arrival of the train bringing Mrs. Lowe and Lane feels like an intruder and accentuates the sparseness that will dictate the tone of the movie. Once the group head out into the wilderness it becomes about conversations and characters reacting to revelations born out by those conversations. In the distance is the heavy numbered posse out for the gold as well, but we only glimpse them like they are shifting ghosts of the terrain, they themselves intruding on the Lane group who as the journey unfolds start to bond and learn about life and each other.\r\n\r\nOnce the group locate the site of the stolen gold, it allows Kennedy and Clothier the chance to showcase some more striking imagery. Here out in the sand swept desert is what ultimately looks like a locomotive graveyard , the image is strong and it also signals the point where the film goes up a gear and the action enters the fray. All dusty paths then lead to an explosive finale and even as the dust settles we get a narrative twist that's very very cheeky. The cast are having fun, and hats off to Margret who manages to let her Mrs. Lowe character be more than just a honey-pot in the middle of mucho machismo.\r\n\r\nI love The Train Robbers, I really do, it's beautiful to look at and features cast and characters that are so easy to warm to. Sure there's flaws and it's routine and hardly treads new ground at a time when the Western was on its knees and struggling to stand up. But it's made with love and respect for those genre fans willing to whisk themselves back to the heady days of the Western. While those moaning about The Duke's girth are very much missing the whole point of it all, both thematically and as a hat tipper to genre tropes. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [6529, 30708, 38765, 21717]}