{"tmdb_id": 406987, "title": "One Night In 2012", "original_title": "One Night In 2012", "slug_title": "one-night-in-2012", "date": "2016-07-17", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Co-produced by Rogan Productions and BBC Studios.  London. The Summer of 2012. As rehearsals take place in a rainy Dagenham car park, Director Danny Boyle reveals a glimpse of his Opening Ceremony to the press. Some denounce it as the \u201cTellytubby Olympics\u201d - others fear that it can never compete with the spectacle of Beijing. Everything pointed to an embarrassing failure. So how did one night in 2012 become 'The Greatest Show on Earth'? This is the story of a unique night when the Brits began to believe in themselves again. A night which showed the country what it could achieve when extraordinary people pulled together. A night which went beyond everyone\u2019s expectations. For the first time since that night, Danny Boyle and the creative team behind the ceremony reunite in the company of Alan Yentob to explain the thinking that went into creating one of the country\u2019s finer moments.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uHZNsZ5N13z2oZPHBeHit6DGcFN.jpg", "actors": ["Alan Yentob ()", "Danny Boyle ()", "Sebastian Coe ()", "Tracey Seaward ()", "Frank Cottrell Boyce ()", "Akram Khan ()", "Toby Sedgwick ()", "Kenrick Sandy ()", "Paulette Randall ()", "Rick Smith ()", "Stephen Daldry ()", "Adam Gascoyne ()", "Suttirat Anne Larlarb ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}