{"tmdb_id": 406, "title": "La Haine", "original_title": "La Haine", "slug_title": "la-haine", "date": "1995-05-31", "genre": "Drame", "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Trois copains d'une banlieue ordinaire tra\u00eenent leur ennui et leur jeunesse qui se perd. Ils vont vivre la journ\u00e9e la plus importante de leur vie apr\u00e8s une nuit d'\u00e9meutes provoqu\u00e9e par le passage \u00e0 tabac d'Abdel Ichah par un inspecteur de police lors d'un interrogatoire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aqPss5zplEfDIFTiOZgTq8VX1qr.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Cassel (Vinz)", "Hubert Kound\u00e9 (Hubert)", "Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui (Sa\u00efd)", "Abdel Ahmed Ghili (Abdel)", "Souleymane Dicko (Santo)", "H\u00e9lo\u00efse Rauth (Sarah)", "Beno\u00eet Magimel (Beno\u00eet)", "Edouard Montoute (Darty)", "Marc Duret (Inspecteur Notre Dame)", "Joseph Momo (Gars ordinaire)", "Vincent Lindon (L'homme saoul)", "Christophe Rossignon (Le chauffeur de taxi)", "Mathieu Kassovitz (Le jeune skinhead)", "Philippe Nahon (Le chef de la police)", "Zinedine Soualem (L'Officier de Police)", "Rywka Wajsbrot (Grand-m\u00e8re de Vinz)", "Olga Abrego (Tante de Vinz)", "Laurent Labasse (Cuisinier)", "Choukri Gabteni (Fr\u00e8re de Sa\u00efd)", "Karin Viard (Gallery girl)", "Karim Belkhadra (Samir)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Matthieu Kassowitz's <i>La Haine</i> (Hate) is a portrait of youth disenfranchisement and the ensuing rage set in the public housing projects outside Paris. Before this film was released, many foreign viewers knew only the well-dressed, white, reserved and educated France depicted in e.g. films of the 1960s New Wave. Even many French people were unaware of the darker undercurrents of their own society, as no film had dared to handle this subject matter before. <i>La Haine</i> was a bombshell. While shot in 1995, it remains entirely topical today, as riots have continued to make the news in recent years.\r\n\r\n<i>La Haine</i> follows one day in the lives of three young men of different ethnic backgrounds all born and raised in one particular housing project: the aggressive Jew Vinz (Vincent Cassell), the insecure, clownish Arab Sa\u00efd (Sa\u00efd Taghmaoui) and the more level-headed, pensive sub-Saharan African Hubert (Hubert Kound\u00e9). The film opens on a spring morning, in the aftermath of a riot which has rocked these youths' housing project. Some cars and buildings are destroyed, and the news reports that a police officer has lost his gun in the chaos of the night before. During the 24-hour period before the film's shocking ending, this trio tours the bittersweet environment of their housing project (violence and poverty on one hand, loving families on the other) and, in an effort to pick up money owed to them, they navigate the alien environment (rich, educated, white) of downtown Paris.\r\n\r\nThis is not only a revelatory film in showing viewers a side of France they had never seen before, but it is also extremely entertaining. The performances by these relatively unexperienced actors are totally convincing, Vincent Cassell in particular. Kassowitz shuns his country's own film tradition and instead sculpts the action under inspiration from the USA. However, the \"urban\", \"hip-hop\" aesthetic he employs does not lower the film to the more vacuous Hollywood productions but instead is at the level of Spike Lee and Scorsese. The director's decision to print the film in black and white has imbued it with a gravitas that makes it timeless. That said, in spite of the fine acting and ethnographic detail, the plot itself is rather mundane, which holds me back from giving this too high a rating."}], "recommandations_id": [21575, 147, 55, 968]}