{"tmdb_id": 40719, "title": "La Ru\u00e9e sanglante", "original_title": "War of the Wildcats", "slug_title": "la-ruee-sanglante", "date": "1943-12-06", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Au temps du Far West, deux hommes tentent de marchander avec des indiens un puits de p\u00e9trole.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hKrrXmO56j0bXwcFIdmtNTBrXVF.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (Daniel F Somers)", "Martha Scott (Catherine Elizabeth Allen)", "Albert Dekker (James E. 'Hunk' Gardner (president, Gardner Oil Co.))", "George 'Gabby' Hayes (Despirit Dean (stage driver))", "Marjorie Rambeau (Bessie Baxter (hotel proprietor))", "Dale Evans (Cuddles Walker (dance-hall singer))", "Grant Withers (\"Rich\"Richardson)", "Sidney Blackmer (Teddy Roosevelt)", "Paul Fix (Cherokee Kid)", "Cecil Cunningham (Mrs. Ames)", "Irving Bacon (Ben)", "Byron Foulger (Wilkins)", "Anne O'Neal (Mrs. Peabody)", "Richard Graham (Walter Ames)", "Will Wright (Doctor)", "Charles Arnt (Joe, the Train Conductor)", "Edward Gargan (Kelsey, Palace Hotel Waiter)", "Arthur Loft (Fenton)", "Harry Shannon (Charlie Witherspoon)", "Emmett Vogan (Aide to Teddy Roosvelt)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "War is a bit strong a word, more like scuffle of the wildcats.\r\n\r\nJohn Wayne & Albert Dekker compete for oil rights on Indian territory, and for the attention of Martha Scott in this Republic Pictures film shot out of Utah, USA.\r\n\r\nAn interesting Western of sorts due to its characters and its more modern setting, with Wayne & Dekker playing the old and new factions of the West. It's based on a story by Thomson Burtis who co-writes the script along with Eleanore Griffin and Ethel Hill. Albert Rogell directs in the workmanlike way that befits his career. A pretty mundane story is in truth saved by its final third, where thankfully the action picks up and we are treated to something resembling a pulse. The light hearted approach to the romantic strand doesn't sit quite right, and a glorious fist fight between the two protagonists is ruined by Rogell being unable to disguise the stunt men doing the work. But hey, stunt men deserve their moment of glory always. Solid support comes from George 'Gabby' Hayes and Wayne as usual has much screen charisma, particularly when rattling off his pistol. But in spite of its better than usual Republic budget, it remains a film of interest only to 1940s Wayne enthusiasts. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [44043, 47312, 43191, 249313], "youtube_key": "notfound"}