{"tmdb_id": 40730, "title": "On Borrowed Time", "original_title": "On Borrowed Time", "slug_title": "on-borrowed-time", "date": "1939-07-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Young Pud is orphaned and left in the care of his aged grandparents. The boy and his grandfather are inseparable. Gramps is concerned for Pud's future and wary of a scheming relative who seeks custody of the child. One day Mr. Brink, an agent of Death, arrives to take Gramps \"to the land where the woodbine twineth.\" Through a bit of trickery, Gramps confines Mr. Brink, and thus Death, to the branches of a large apple tree, giving Gramps extra time to resolve issues about Pud's future.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aMUpHrND8WVGdDttRMXrxLEuPIi.jpg", "actors": ["Lionel Barrymore (Julian Northrup aka Gramps)", "Cedric Hardwicke (Mr. Brink)", "Beulah Bondi (Nellie Northrup aka Granny)", "Una Merkel (Marcia Giles)", "Bobs Watson (Pud Northrup)", "Nat Pendleton (Mr. Grimes)", "Henry Travers (Dr. Evans)", "Grant Mitchell (Mr. Pilbeam)", "Eily Malyon (Demetria Riffle)", "James Burke (Sheriff Burlingame)", "Charles Waldron (Reverend Murdock)", "Ian Wolfe (Charles Wentworth)", "Phillip Terry (Bill Lowry)", "Truman Bradley (James Northrup)", "Dorothy Adams (Florist (uncredited))", "Barbara Bedford (Mrs. James Northrup (uncredited))", "Sonny Bupp (Boy in Tree (uncredited))", "Hans Conried (Man in Convertible (uncredited))", "Howard C. Hickman (Chief Surgeon (uncredited))", "Dickie Jones (Boy in Tree (uncredited))", "George Lloyd (Chief of Police (uncredited))", "Ted Oliver (State Trooper (uncredited))", "Doris Rankin (Mrs. Burlingame (uncredited))", "Harold Schlickenmayer (First Stretcher Bearer (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "4aBC-TknLhA"}