{"tmdb_id": 40742, "title": "George & Mildred", "original_title": "George & Mildred", "slug_title": "george-mildred", "date": "1980-10-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.7/10", "synopsis": "grand \u00e9cran spin-off de la sitcom seventies. Mildred Roper (Yootha Joyce, qui est mort peu de temps apr\u00e8s le tournage a \u00e9t\u00e9 termin\u00e9) est d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 faire mari George (Brian Roper) c\u00e9l\u00e8brent leur anniversaire de mariage dans le style, dans un h\u00f4tel chic \u00e0 Londres. Cependant, \u00e0 l'arriv\u00e9e George se trompe par un criminel Gangland pour un tueur \u00e0 gages rival, et bient\u00f4t les Ropers se retrouvent \u00e0 leur cou en difficult\u00e9 sur le mauvais c\u00f4t\u00e9 de la loi!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hzKuq8m2RBnxspuHOBJCcMTqyLV.jpg", "actors": ["Yootha Joyce (Mildred Roper)", "Brian Murphy (George Roper)", "Stratford Johns (Harry Pinto)", "Norman Eshley (Jeffrey Fourmile)", "Sheila Fearn (Ann Fourmile)", "Kenneth Cope (Harvey)", "David Barry (Elvis)", "Sue Bond (Marlene)", "Nicholas Bond-Owen (Tristram Fourmile)", "Neil McCarthy (Eddie)", "Caron Gardner (Bishop's 1st Lady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Maybe they have a punk version by the Sock Pistols?\r\n\r\nBy 1980 the British cinematic trend of converting filmic spin-offs from situation comedies had already run out of steam. Margaret Thatcher had entered Downing Street as PM and the British climate changed considerably. British comedy in the coming decade would see alternative comedy blast through the walls to make a mark, whilst situation comedy shows moved to a different plane to that of their heavily sexed 70s brethren.\r\n\r\nGeorge & Mildred was a wonderful show, itself a spin-off from the equally adorable Man About the House, the film suffers, not just as the death knell of a once proud British tradition, but also as a victim of climate change. That it bares little resemblance to what made the show popular in the first place is something used to pound down on the film with, but the production team were trying to keep up, sensing the wind of change they took two much loved characters out of the comfort zone and attempted to keep them viable. Oh it didn't work, not at all, but the will is still admirable.\r\n\r\nIt's not a great film, it's passable at best because fans of Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy can at least enjoy their stoic performances. While there are some very good gags in the script. But ultimately it's a tired picture, the set-pieces lack zip, the plot ill advised and underwriting the Roper neighbours, the Fourmiles, is a big mistake. Joyce would die soon after the film's release, a victim to alcoholism aged 53. Sadly this film is no way to remember her, anyone interested in her work are advised to see her 1970s TV output to view a wonderful actress at work. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40570, 19249, 43996, 38384], "youtube_key": "notfound"}