{"tmdb_id": 407439, "title": "Marie Madeleine", "original_title": "Mary Magdalene", "slug_title": "marie-madeleine", "date": "2018-03-15", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Marie Madeleine est un portrait authentique et humaniste de l\u2019un des personnages religieux les plus \u00e9nigmatiques et incompris de l\u2019histoire. Ce biopic biblique raconte l\u2019histoire de Marie, une jeune femme en qu\u00eate d\u2019un nouveau chemin de vie. Soumise aux m\u0153urs de l\u2019\u00e9poque, Marie d\u00e9fie les traditions de sa famille pour rejoindre un nouveau mouvement social men\u00e9 par le charismatique J\u00e9sus de Nazareth. Elle trouve rapidement sa place au c\u0153ur d\u2019un voyage qui va les conduire \u00e0 J\u00e9rusalem.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7IBGsaUXMol2K8I1BTBgxEBuS6y.jpg", "actors": ["Rooney Mara (Mary Magdalene)", "Joaquin Phoenix (Jesus)", "Chiwetel Ejiofor (Peter)", "Ariane Labed (Rachel)", "Ryan Corr (Joseph)", "Tahar Rahim (Judas)", "Hadas Yaron (Sarah)", "Charles Babalola (Andrew)", "Shira Haas (Leah)", "Uri Gavriel (Philip)", "Theo Theodoridis (Lazarus)", "Michael Moshonov (Matthew)", "Tawfeek Barhom (James)", "Sarah-Sofie Boussnina (Martha)", "Lubna Azabal (Susannah)", "Zohar Strauss (John)", "Lior Raz (Magdala Community Leader)", "Jacopo Olmo Antinori (Magdala Man)", "Roy Assaf (Temple Priest)", "Denis M\u00e9nochet (Daniel)", "David Schofield (Thomas)", "Tch\u00e9ky Karyo (Elisha)", "Tsahi Halevi (Ephraim)", "Francesco Scianna ()", "Giorgio Caputo ()", "Giovanni Cirfiera ()", "Giacomo Fadda ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Larry", "content": "Viewed this film at the theater this past weekend. From previous reviews we had read, we were truly expecting a great film.  When the film finished we were left with \"a that's it\" attitude.  At best a mediocre film.  The sound for the film was terrible, hardly audible in parts. Scenes did not seem to flow.  The actors were not a distraction, but they left us with the feeling that this was just another movie they are getting paid for.  Did not go to the movie for a religious perspective.  Open minded to any possible correction to beliefs assumed through the years.  It was amazing that I later found out that Mary Magdalene was considered a prostitute, and that it was not until 2016 that the Catholic Church changed her status to Apostle of Apostles. This did not come out in the film."}], "recommandations_id": [499724, 476968, 519255, 468287], "youtube_key": "JS3rRHwrOpM"}