{"tmdb_id": 407515, "title": "Ka Ka Ka Po", "original_title": "Ka Ka Ka Po", "slug_title": "ka-ka-ka-po", "date": "2016-07-10", "genre": "", "score": "2.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wiwbwkJTV2RKdqmkbJ5q59I57aI.jpg", "actors": ["Sakshi Agarwal ()", "Karunas ()", "Singampuli ()", "Sangili Murugan ()", "Subbu Panchu ()", "Powerstar Srinivasan ()", "Robo Shankar ()", "Keshava Rajan ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "The posters of Ka Ka Ka Po feature a long list of comedians, so, anyone who spends money to watch the film can't be blamed as they expect nothing but a few hilarious scenes, unmindful of its overall output. Unfortunately, little do they know that they are in for a harrowing two hours. The movie begins with a voice-over which unconvincingly expounds how romance can change the fate of people and how human beings possess super powers, thus evincing interest among viewers in the beginning.\r\n\r\nThe story revolves around Kavita Punyakodi (Sakshi Agarwal), a middle-class, college-going girl whose life is akin to a fairy tale \u2014 she is believed to bring fortune to people, thanks to her endless bizarre 'powers'. Kannadasan (Keshava Rajan), an unemployed youngster who considers himself unlucky, leads a despondent life, until he meets Kavita and falls for her. Rishabarajan (Subbu Panchu), a stinking-rich businessman in the town, too, desires to marry her with the help of his sister (Nirosha). Things, however, go awry in Kavita's life, in an unanticipated incident which takes place in a night club, during a party that Rishabarajan throws for his friends.\r\n\r\nWhat follows is an unbelievable reversal of fortune in the lives of Kavita and Kannadasan, due to which the former finds a tough time. A friend of hers comes up with a weird suggestion \u2014 as weird as the film's plot \u2014 to bring her life back to the good olden days, which is sure to raise eyebrows. What follows is Kavita's desperate hunt for the person who messed up her life indirectly.\r\n\r\nWith a story which has almost no scope to keep the viewers entertained, the flimsy narration and sluggish making rubs salt into our wounds. What is even more disappointing is the spectacle of a myriad talented comedians making ineffective appearances at regular intervals \u2014 all of them being wasted in inept roles. A tiring watch indeed!"}], "recommandations_id": []}