{"tmdb_id": 407655, "title": "Comme Cendrillon 4 - Trouver chaussure \u00e0 son pied", "original_title": "A Cinderella Story: If the Shoe Fits", "slug_title": "comme-cendrillon-4-trouver-chaussure-a-son-pied", "date": "2016-08-02", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial / Fantastique / Musique"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Tessa Golding est recrut\u00e9e par sa belle m\u00e8re, Divine et ses belles-soeurs, Olympia et Athena pour les accompagner \u00e0 une audition au Royal Lagoons Resort. Ces derni\u00e8res sont d\u00e9termin\u00e9es \u00e0 d\u00e9crocher le r\u00f4le de Cendrillon dans la com\u00e9die musicale \"Cendrillon en direct !\" avec le c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Reed West en tant que Prince. Pendant ce temps, Tessa se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec une maquilleuse, Georgia qui transforme Tessa en \"Bella Snow\" afin qu'elle puisse passer l'audition en toute discr\u00e9tion. Tessa doit d\u00e9sormais jongler entre les demandes de sa belle famille tout en gardant son identit\u00e9 secr\u00e8te.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/prZSNnK5dkYcflsbdOsVVvqasZ5.jpg", "actors": ["Sofia Carson (Tessa Golden)", "Thomas Law (Reed West)", "Jennifer Tilly (Divine)", "Amy Loiuse Wilson (Athena)", "Jazzara Jaslyn (Olympia)", "Nicole Fortuin (Georgie)", "Amy Louise Wilson (Athena)", "Ashley de Lange (Harper)", "David Ury (Freddie Marks)", "Chloe Perling (Janet)", "Ally White (Bianca)", "Carlo McFarlane (Gino)", "Sven Ruygrok (Eddie)", "Ambrose Uren (Brendon)", "Robyn Scott (Laundry Worker)", "Amelia Vern\u00e8de (Finley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Another Cinderella story, with or without a shoe.**\r\n\r\nI watched it because I've seen the other three in the series of the present-day adaptations of the classical Cinderella story. After Hilary Duff, Selena Gomez and Lucy Hale, not its time for Sofia Carson. One of the most famous fairy tales of all and the most adapted to the screen as well. That's the negative of this, though being a different version, like the timeline, setting, cast makes it watchable. But still not the best you could anticipate. The lowest one in the series and a warning bell to stop from going for more films in the series.\r\n\r\nI need not to say anything about the story, it was just altered tale of what you know very well. Except there's no magic. As well as no logic to the actual world. Those disguised scenes were very silly. Simply a timepass film and no more. All the actors were decent. The songs were too. It was made by a choreographer turned director as his first feature film. Not an ideal project for his kind of field of expertise. He could have turned it to full fledged musical, but he didn't. Anyway, some people would enjoy it, particularly the young girls. So, I won't favout it, unless desperate to see it.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [74018, 15157, 11247, 35558], "youtube_key": "797KnoCgnOY"}