{"tmdb_id": 407873, "title": "For Color Girls Who Have Considered Suicide/When The Rainbow Is Enuf", "original_title": "For Color Girls Who Have Considered Suicide/When The Rainbow Is Enuf", "slug_title": "for-color-girls-who-have-considered-suicide-when-the-rainbow-is-enuf", "date": "1982-02-23", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wOv5IMaYCgaLSyq5EtyU5n6gfRc.jpg", "actors": ["Sarita Allen (Sechita)", "Trazana Beverley (Crystal (as Trazana Beverly))", "Laurie Carlos (Georgetta)", "Gregory T. Daniel (Toussaint)", "Jackie Davis (Second Man in Subway)", "Pedro De Pool (Emcee)", "Lisa Henley (Naomi)", "Roger Hill (Second Man at Barbecue)", "Brent Jennings (First Man at Barbecue)", "Charles Johnson (Boy in Subway)", "Oliver Lake (Flute Player)", "Jack Landron (Bedroom Companion)", "Crystal Lilly (Sarah)", "Carol Maillard (Lu Anne (as Carol L. Maillard))", "Ntozake Shange (Woman with baby girl)", "Alfre Woodard (Woman who lost her stuff)", "Lynn Whitfield (Woman in bath)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Lwilliams62", "content": "Great work! I have heard parts of this play through out the years- but I was not expecting to see or hear-what I heard and what I saw on this dvd. It is off the chain! If you want to see real black talent- check it out! Also big props to Lynn Whitfield (damn- she is too sexy in this short skirt and midriff blouse- walking down the street- and giving it up real- This women can act and has great command of the stage (also see her work in \"Zora is my name!\"-another tour deforce- for above the board talent- regardless of the color of the production! & a big shout out to Mrs.Ruby Dee). Ms. Woodard is one of the main reasons why I purchased this dvd - I wanted to view her earlier work and she is up in here-giving it up! In one scene- this dark beauty is sitting in a chair with a night gown on-trying to make sure those legs stay crossed. lol\r\n\r\nIn my book-Alfre is one the greatest actors in the world- and she still hasn't gotten her props. This woman has a great body of work and she can ACT! All of the actors in this project come through with flying colors, and I really enjoyed watching this dvd. Also the writing is very, very tight. Playwriting at its best. Now I see what all the fuss was about! Talent up the Ying yang."}], "recommandations_id": []}