{"tmdb_id": 40805, "title": "The Green Hornet", "original_title": "The Green Hornet", "slug_title": "the-green-hornet", "date": "2011-01-12", "genre": "Action / Crime / Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Fils du plus grand magnat de la presse de Los Angeles, Britt Reid ne s'int\u00e9resse qu'aux f\u00eates auxquelles il compte se rendre. Lorsque son p\u00e8re meurt myst\u00e9rieusement, il h\u00e9rite de l'immense empire m\u00e9diatique et devient ami avec l'inventif Kato. Pour la premi\u00e8re fois, ensemble, Britt et Kato voient une chance de donner un vrai sens \u00e0 leur vie en combattant le crime. Sous l'identit\u00e9 du Frelon Vert et de son fid\u00e8le adjoint, ils entament une nouvelle vie. Faisant appel \u00e0 son ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9, Kato met au point l'arme ultime, la Black Beauty, une voiture indestructible \u00e0 la formidable puissance. \u00c0 bord de cette forteresse mobile et gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 quelques gadgets spectaculaires, le Frelon Vert et Kato font des ravages chez les criminels. Bient\u00f4t aid\u00e9 par la nouvelle secr\u00e9taire de Britt, Lenore Case, le duo s'attaque \u00e0 l'homme qui contr\u00f4le le crime \u00e0 Los Angeles : Benjamin Chudnofsky. Le Frelon Vert et les siens ignorent que leur redoutable adversaire les a d\u00e9j\u00e0 en ligne de mire...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m0OdeYTUHOogFCehBYo7Jo2BZiF.jpg", "actors": ["Seth Rogen (Britt Reid / Green Hornet)", "Jay Chou (Kato)", "Christoph Waltz (Chudnofsky)", "Cameron Diaz (Lenore Case)", "David Harbour (Frank Scanlon)", "Edward Furlong (Tupper)", "Tom Wilkinson (James Reid)", "Edward James Olmos (Michael Axford)", "Analeigh Tipton (Anna Lee)", "Chad L. Coleman (Chili)", "Robert Clotworthy (Politician)", "Billy Mayo (Police Officer)", "James Franco (Danny Crystal Cleer)", "George Fisher (Chauffeur)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Disclaimer: This Reviewer Knows Nothing About The Origin Shows Whatsoever!\r\n\r\nYou kinda feel as an amateur reviewer that you need to spell out that you have no affinity with a comic book/TV/film franchise. For the venom and bile that gets spewn by fans of said franchises when filmic adaptations don't meet expectations - can get quite scary at times!\r\n\r\nThe Green Hornet was released in 2011 and I remember how poorly it was received by the fans of the origin productions. Nothing new there in reality, Green Lantern, that was also released this same year, received the same treatment. So how does something like The Green Hornet stack up to someone who's just after a mindless couple of hours of high energy thrills and witty repartee?\r\n\r\nIs it funny? Is it packed with action? Is it showcasing some nifty set pieces, some nifty set design and some bonkers escapism? Well the answer is yes to all of those. The writing away from the gags is nothing to get excited about (Cameron Diaz gets short shrift on the page), while if you have an aversion to Seth Rogen this is a film to make you choke on your own vomit, but to the standard super hero/crime fighting frolics fan, this has it all. Including Christoph Waltz having a great time as the villain and Jay Chou being simply wonderful.\r\n\r\nFart gun and disco santa, bromance and car carnage, delightful. Sorry Hornet purists, it's a riot. To me at least... 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "My what a disappointment! I was kind of looking forward to this movie. I had read a few of the magazines as a kid and I think I might even have had a Green Hornet toy car. A masked hero with a martial arts expert and mechanical genius as his side kick and a really cool car. Not one of those ridiculous wimpy ones but a real old-fashioned American car having a large V8 engine with the proper sound and everything. So what could go wrong?\r\n\r\nWell a lot! Half way through the movie I was wondering how bloody stupid the producer really thought the audience was. The bad guy was a total joke. Completely wacko in a very stupid way. Not fun at all. But the worst thing was that the hero, played by Seth Rogen, was even more stupid. He was nothing but a dumbass, loudmouthed, idiot throughout the entire movie. Even when he wasn\u2019t directly screwing up just the fact that he was in the scene and opened his mouth was enough to ruin it.\r\n\r\nAnd what about these ridiculous slow motion scenes with the targets flashing red just before some action taking place? The guys where not supposed to have real superpowers so stop making it look like they had for Christ sake! Seth Rogen had a part in writing the script as well and that was probably a huge mistake. Scripts should be left to professionals and not wannabe comedians."}], "recommandations_id": [27581, 34544, 47327, 23742]}