{"tmdb_id": 408381, "title": "Pr\u00eate \u00e0 Tout Pour Sauver Mon Fils", "original_title": "Monolith", "slug_title": "prete-a-tout-pour-sauver-mon-fils", "date": "2017-04-20", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Une m\u00e8re et son fils planifient une visite surprise \u00e0 Los Angeles pour voir son mari / son p\u00e8re. A mi-chemin, ils tombent dans un terrible accident au milieu de nulle part et doivent maintenant se battre pour survivre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9UF8LSsKZkHAk4hyh4GF9o4uxfC.jpg", "actors": ["Katrina Bowden (Sandra)", "Jay Hayden (Roy Lacombe)", "Damon Dayoub (Carl)", "Katherine Kelly Lang (Lilith (voice))", "David H. Stevens (Bad Ass Man)", "Brandon Jones (Ted)", "Justine Wachsberger ([Unknown])", "Andrea Ellsworth (Youth)", "Demetrius Daniels (Cashier)", "Sila Agavale (Cowboy hat)", "Nixon Hodges (David)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "AndryX7", "content": "**Watch it without bias and it will surprise you**\r\n\r\nMonolith received plenty of negative reviews over different websites, multiple 2-3s out of 10. In my opinion these numbers are unfair, especially considering that there is a lot worse in the movie industry.\r\n\r\nThe initial idea surrounding the plot is undoubtedly interesting, it even reminded me of \"Black Mirror\" because of the slight criticism towards modern technologies and wrong habits. The ending is fine, even though it is a shame that we do not get to know more about the ultimate resolution between the protagonist and her husband. \r\n\r\nNo complaints related to the acting thanks to Katrina Bowden, who delivers an excellent performance throughout the entire movie. Some special effects at the end could have been avoided because they looked goofy. Locations are excellent, just like the camera work taking care of them. If you happen to like suggestive desert mountains, you will like every single shot of it.\r\n\r\nIs the movie boring? Sometimes yes, and there are some arguable choices here and there, but is it not as terrible as some people say. Try it!\r\n\r\n_(5 stars out of 10)_"}], "recommandations_id": [345009, 495766, 419372, 362185]}