{"tmdb_id": 408867, "title": "The Two Orphans", "original_title": "The Two Orphans", "slug_title": "the-two-orphans", "date": "1911-09-24", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "REEL ONE: Diane Eleanor De Vaudrey secretly marries a man beneath her. A child is born, Louise, the blind girl. Diane's father kills her husband and forces her to marry the Count de Linieres, who remains ignorant of Louise's existence. Louise is placed in the keeping of a peasant woman who has a child of her own, Henriette. Eighteen years later, the peasant woman dies and the two orphans start for Paris. The day they arrive in Paris, the Marquis de Preales notices Henriette and decides to kidnap her. Henriette rescues Marianne, an outcast, from suicide. Henriette is abducted by the Marquis. Marianne, in order to escape from Jacques Frochard, surrenders to the Gendarmes. Louise, left alone, starts toward the river and is saved from falling into the water by Pierre Frochard. a brother of Jacques. La Frochard, an old woman beggar, lives with her two sons. Louise now falls into their hands. The Marquis has brought Henriette to a garden fete, given in honor of the Chevalier.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5XnNVOtW3gOIVoqihURIC7ONAAW.jpg", "actors": ["Kathlyn Williams (Henriette)", "Winifred Greenwood (Louise)", "Thomas Carrigan (Chevalier Maurice De Vaudrey)", "Charles Clary (Count de Linieres, Minister of Police)", "Myrtle Stedman (Countess de Linieres)", "Adrienne Kroell (Marienne, an outcast)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}