{"tmdb_id": 40924, "title": "Dona Herlinda and Her Son", "original_title": "Do\u00f1a Herlinda y su hijo", "slug_title": "dona-herlinda-and-her-son", "date": "1985-11-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "In this sly Mexican sex comedy, a manipulative mama deftly manages the life of her homosexual son so that he can have his cake and eat it too. A woman of means, she does this by allowing her son, a doctor, to tryst in her home with his lover. Putting her son's happiness above all else, she then arranges a marriage of convenience to a woman. When the marriage is consummated, the young male lover gets terribly jealous and this creates problems until the irrepressible Do\u00f1a Herlinda again gets involved.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zvQ7w4L2XJNCGpBDyKDLHFM2WIa.jpg", "actors": ["Arturo Meza (Ram\u00f3n)", "Marco Antonio Trevino (Rodolfo)", "Guadalupe del Toro (Do\u00f1a Herlinda)", "Leticia Lupercio (Olga)", "Lucha Villa (Herself)", "Guillermina Alba (Billy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "raistlin3", "content": "Do\u00f1a Herlinda and Her Son, the 1985 film from writer/director Jaime Humberto Hermosillo, is not only a funny, warm gay romantic comedy, it also marks the first time that a Latin American film depicted gay relationships positively. I enjoyed this film a great deal, and recommend it.\r\n\r\nThe story, and filmmaking style, are both effectively simple. The wealthy widow Do\u00f1a Herlinda (played with beguiling warmth and slyness by Guadalupe Del Toro) dotes on her somewhat spoiled physician son Rodolfo (Marco Antonio Trevino), who is romantically involved with a younger man, music student Ram\u00f3n (Arturo Meza).\r\n\r\nWhen Do\u00f1a Herlinda decides it's time for her son to take a wife \u2013 while still keeping his lover \u2013 she uses all of her considerable maternal wiles to put an ingenious plan into motion. With her huggable pear-shaped demeanor and butter-wouldn't-melt smile, who would suspect that she is actually a romantic Machiavelli. (Or, if you prefer, a low-key Auntie Mame; she's even been called a Latina Yiddishe mama!) I don't want to give away too many plot points \u2013 I found some of them delightfully surprising \u2013 but I will say that, by the film's end, Do\u00f1a Herlinda has brought the greatest possible happiness to the greatest number of people... including herself.\r\n\r\nDespite the title, the film is more about \"her son\" than Do\u00f1a Herlinda. The opening sequence, in which Rodolfo visits Ram\u00f3n at his seedy boarding house, is not only sweetly sexy, and believable, it also shows the deep connection between the two men. And although Do\u00f1a Herlinda is the larger-than-life character, it is Rodolfo and Ram\u00f3n's love which grounds the film.\r\n\r\nHermosillo excels at including telling \u2013 and witty \u2013 details of their relationship. Playfully highlighting Rodolfo's immaturity, Hermosillo hangs a huge poster from the action film Mad Max over his bed; and he and Ram\u00f3n make love inches from a Star Wars action figure (Boba Fett the bounty hunter). In a sublime comic touch, in the next room Do\u00f1a Herlinda listens to Bach, and the lovers, while flipping through a bridal catalog... smiling.\r\n\r\nHermosillo does not shy away from the raw emotions brought up when Rodolfo springs the news on Ram\u00f3n that he is going to marry Olga, a woman hand-picked by his mother. Not only do we see Ram\u00f3n's pain and Rodolfo's ambivalence, Hermosillo spends much of the last half of the film exploring, with depth and understanding, how the two lovers come to navigate the complexities of their new situation.\r\n\r\nAnother strength of the film is that Hermosillo presents Olga \u2013 in a subtle performance by Let\u00edcia Lupercio \u2013 as a well-developed character, not as the caricature you might expect: think of the Mr. or Miss Wrong's in countless screwball comedies. Olga is personable, feisty yet open-minded; she even works for Amnesty International. Not only do we see that she and Rodolfo are good friends (they had better be!), late in the film there's a wonderful scene in an ice cream shop between Ram\u00f3n and Olga. Although neither speaks The Truth about their situation, we see real healing begin to take place between Rodolfo's lover and wife.\r\n\r\nFor all the film's warmth and good spirits, I am disturbed that it has more \"don't ask / don't tell\" situations than any US mlitary base. It never shows why Rodolfo has to bow to middle class conformity, especially considering the financial independence of his family. Like the society in which it was produced, it goes along with the assumption that a man of Rodolfo's age must marry a person of the opposite sex. So much in Do\u00f1a Herlinda of real importance is never spoken about, primarily the fact that Rodolfo and Ram\u00f3n are not only gay \u2013 as everyone knows (wink wink) \u2013 but represent the only truly loving couple in the film.\r\n\r\nYet despite all the silence, this is not the sombre, repressive territory of an Ingmar Bergman film; it's colorful, sunlit Guadalajara, with its mariachi bands and spacious homes. And while so much goes unspoken, it is also clear that Do\u00f1a Herlinda has no problem with her son's being gay. From the start she fully accepts Ram\u00f3n as a second son, even telling him to move in, since her son's \"bedroom is very big.\" Later, when Rodolfo is away on his honeymoon, Do\u00f1a Herlinda does everything she can to cheer up Ram\u00f3n, even devising the plan which becomes the film's ingenious, if controversial, resolution. There is real generosity of heart in Do\u00f1a Herlinda, both the woman and the film \u2013 but not a word acknowleding that her son and Ram\u00f3n are more truly \"married\" than Rodolfo and Olga.\r\n\r\nOne reason why Rodolfo and Ram\u00f3n are so effective at holding the film together is that they do talk about their feelings \u2013 which we see dramatized with considerable depth \u2013 and work through them. They are the most authentic characters in the film; the ones we want to see live happily ever after.\r\n\r\nYet even they never mention the social, let alone political implications of their relationship. I am not saying that the film should have been some sort of political tract. But what makes all its silences so disconcerting is that they permeate, and undermine, a film otherwise brimming with vitality. If you are looking for a positive spin, you could argue that Do\u00f1a Herlinda's many unspoken assumptions \u2013 including the still-timely one of gay \"invisibility\" \u2013 make it an ideal film to discuss at length with friends.\r\n\r\nDramatically, I think the film would have been more effective if Rodolfo and Ram\u00f3n's love had dared to speak its name. Then the story could have moved in some compelling new directions, perhaps both more farcical (which could have been fun) and emotional. I would have liked to see how Do\u00f1a Herlinda, and Olga, deal with Rodolfo's being openly gay. Yet we should remember that this film was historically important in its positive positive depiction of gay relationships. Hermosillo said at its 1985 release, \"The most disturbing thing about the film to some of the 'machista' audience has not been the sex in the film but the tenderness - it's so tender, the relationship between the men, and some cannot accept that. I think that's terrible.\" Consider how far GLBT cinema, and people, have come in less than two decades.\r\n\r\nSome people have criticized Do\u00f1a Herlinda's so-called \"amateurish\" filmmaking. I disagree. The simplicity of visual design \u2013 few films use medium shots so relentlessly \u2013 works well with this \"straightforward\" story. And Hermosillo, in his other films, is highly regarded for his creative use of cinematic style.\r\n\r\nHermosillo, raised in Guadalajara (where he sets many of his films), began directing in the late 1960s. Most of his (to date) 26 films were produced through independent companies; in fact, Do\u00f1a Herlinda star Guadalupe Del Toro also financed the film, which was co-produced by her son Guillermo (recently the director of such acclaimed Hollywood hits as Mimic and Blade II, and the exceptional fantasies The Devil's Backbone and Pan's Labyrinth). Hermosillo is openly gay (still unusual in conservative Mexico), and often makes films which deal with same-sex issues, including 1977's La Apariencias Enga\u00f1an (Deceitful Appearances). But his popularity in his native country may be attributed to the sophistication he brings to his tales about the Mexican middle class, exploring their desires, and fears, with both wit and understanding.\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Y7Z5xsrxQe4"}