{"tmdb_id": 409502, "title": "I'm Not Ashamed", "original_title": "I'm Not Ashamed", "slug_title": "i-m-not-ashamed", "date": "2016-10-21", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Bas\u00e9 sur l'histoire inspirante et \u00e9mouvante du journal de Rachel Joy Scott - la premi\u00e8re \u00e9tudiante \u00e0 avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9e lors de la fusillade de Columbine en 1999.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5GjUg30LoFWZOrBrxBGgGIRbNJj.jpg", "actors": ["Masey McLain (Rachel Joy Scott)", "Mark Daugherty (Kevin)", "Jennifer O'Neill (Linda)", "Ben VanderMey (Brian Riggs)", "Jaci Velasquez (Mrs. Diaz)", "Emma Elle Roberts (Celine)", "Cameron McKendry (Alex Dickerson)", "Terri Minton (Beth Nimmo)", "Victoria Staley (Madison)", "Taylor Kalupa (Gabby)", "Sadie Robertson (Charity)", "David Errigo Jr. (Eric Harris)", "Cory Chapman (Dylan Klebold)", "Justin Cone (Sean)", "Ben Davies (Nathan Ballard)", "Ashlyn Moore (Bethanee Scott)", "Steven Dady (Tony)", "Michael Ketzner (Video White Hat)", "Abby Glover (Stella)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Life. For some people it is worth living for something!**\r\n\r\nBased on the journal of a person who had got killed in the 1999 shooting at a high school in the US. Really inspiring character and the story, till that final horror event. But the real shame was, the filmmakers used it to promote religious. Or maybe they have highlighted too much from the religious aspect. Because, her life and that horrific event connected with her unexpected prediction which are only a coincident, rather any miracle from heaven. I'm not against believers, but I anticipated honest, a reality, not fantasy.\r\n\r\nSo coming to the film, apart from misusing a real person's life, it was a nice film. Nice casting and performances. Masey McLain was so pretty and awesome in her role. Don't expect it to be the film about that 1999 shooting. It was not about that, except it had a connection as everything was built behind it. They have shown very little from that angle towards the end. Some of the real footage attached in those parts. Yeah, the end was emotional as expected. Everyone might not find it a good film for what I had told earlier, nevertheless the true story deserves some respect.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [499802, 172539, 471155, 177906], "youtube_key": "k1Fzxbv1f6E"}