{"tmdb_id": 410117, "title": "The Young Lady", "original_title": "Lady Macbeth", "slug_title": "the-young-lady", "date": "2016-12-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "1865, Angleterre rurale. Katherine m\u00e8ne une vie malheureuse d\u2019un mariage sans amour avec un Lord qui a deux fois son \u00e2ge. Un jour, elle tombe amoureuse d\u2019un jeune palefrenier qui travaille sur les terres de son \u00e9poux et d\u00e9couvre en n la passion. Habit\u00e9e par ce puissant sentiment, Katherine est pr\u00eate aux plus hautes trahisons pour vivre son amour impossible.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xWTJbhTwSTJmhLlX5xAOxPhdnXc.jpg", "actors": ["Florence Pugh (Katherine Lester)", "Cosmo Jarvis (Sebastian)", "Paul Hilton (Alexander Lester)", "Naomi Ackie (Anna)", "Christopher Fairbank (Boris Lester)", "Golda Rosheuvel (Agnes)", "Anton Palmer (Teddy)", "Rebecca Manley (Mary)", "Fleur Houdijk (Tessa)", "Cliff Burnett (Father Peter)", "David Kirkbride (Edward)", "Bill Fellows (Dr. Burdon)", "Nicholas Lumley (Mr. Robertson)", "Raymond Finn (Mr. Kirkbride)", "Ian Conningham (Detective Logan)", "Finn Burridge (Farmhand #1)", "Jack Robertson (Farmhand #2)", "Kema Sikazwe (Farmhand #3)", "Elliot Sinclair (Farmhand #4)", "Andrew Davis (Gentleman #1)", "Alan Billingham (Gentleman #2)", "Bailey Palmer (Teddy Double)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**There's no one to stand against her!**\r\n\r\nBased on the Russian novel of the same name. My first guess was it going to be a boring periodic drama. After knowing about the film plot, I anticipated a storyline just like 'Moliere', but what I saw was a dark and twisted tale. I was really surprised to see a film like this. Enjoyed it though. This is not a good film from the moral value aspect. But film is a film, sometimes it just depicts the real life, even it is a fictional, surely it would have had taken place without the world knowing it.\r\n\r\nKatherine, aka Lady Macbeth, a newly married young woman, but that's not an ideal life any couples want to live. Discarded by her husband, she finds a secret lover among the staffs of the house to satisfy her sexual urges. As expected, it does not go well when gossips comes out. Following the consequences, how the rest of the story unfolds was told with a series of twists.\r\n\r\nI liked simple settings. Maybe because it was a rural tale, but was so perfect. Florence Pugh has a potential to be a big star. The same goes to the director as well. This is her first film for me. She single handedly made this film look good. Not the year's most anticipated film, but definitely worth a watch. The Russian style British tale. One of the best films from such theme.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [368942, 413998, 399019, 340487], "youtube_key": "2Z0N8ULhuUA"}