{"tmdb_id": 41021, "title": "La Chauve-souris du diable", "original_title": "The Devil Bat", "slug_title": "la-chauve-souris-du-diable", "date": "1940-12-13", "genre": "Crime / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Le Dr Carruthers se sent amer d'\u00eatre trahi par ses employeurs, Heath et Morton, quand ils sont devenus riches en raison d'un produit qu'il a con\u00e7u. Il gagne la vengeance en \u00e9largissant \u00e9lectriquement et les chauves-souris de les envoyer \u00e0 tuer les membres de la famille de ses employeurs en faisant comprendre aux chauves-souris une haine pour un parfum particulier, il a d\u00e9couvert qu'il obtient ses victimes \u00e0 appliquer avant d'aller \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur. Johnny Layton, un journaliste, enfin chiffres sur Carruthers est le tueur et, apr\u00e8s avoir mis le parfum sur lui-m\u00eame, douses sur Carruthers dans l'espoir qu'il lui arriver de se donner. L'un des deux est attaqu\u00e9 comme la chauve-souris g\u00e9ante fait un de ses cris, \u00e9lanc\u00e9es plong\u00e9es de puissance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5JGiEOwyA9utHlyAL3y28NTOl4W.jpg", "actors": ["Bela Lugosi (Dr. Paul Carruthers)", "Suzanne Kaaren (Mary Heath)", "Dave O'Brien (Johnny Layton)", "Guy Usher (Henry Morton)", "Yolande Donlan (Maxine)", "Donald Kerr ('One-Shot' McGuire)", "Edmund Mortimer (Martin Heath)", "Gene O'Donnell (Don Morton)", "Alan Baldwin (Tommy Heath)", "John Ellis (Roy Heath)", "Arthur Q. Bryan (Joe McGinty)", "Hal Price (Chief Wilkins)", "John Davidson (Prof. Percival Garland Raines)", "Billy Griffith (Coroner (scenes deleted))", "Wally Rairden (Walter King)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Imbecile, Bombastic, Ignoramus.\r\n \r\nThe Devil Bat is directed by Jean Yarbrough and written by George Bricker and John T. Neville. It stars Bela Lugosi, Suzanne Kaaren, Dave O\u2019Brien, Donald Kerr and Gary Usher.  \r\n \r\nThe Heathville Horror!\r\n \r\nStraight out of Poverty Row is this PRC production that\u2019s as bonkers as it is fun. Plot sees Lugosi as a fed up cosmetic chemist who decides that the company he provides his inventions for have not done right by him financially. So in his secret laboratory at home he breeds big killer bats, bats that he rears to kill anyone wearing the scent of aftershave lotion that he has handed out to the targets of his ire. As the bodies begin to mount up and the press whip up a devil bat on the loose storm, journalists Henry Layden (O\u2019Brien) and \u201cOne Shot McGuire\u201d close in on the source of the town\u2019s terror.\r\n \r\nThe low budget is often evident, be it props and sets that shouldn\u2019t move etc, but at just over an hour in length this gets in and does its job with a sort of carefree abandon that is to be admired. Lugosi is having fun shifting from borderline mania to crafty dastard with a sense of humour, and of course there are big scary bats that shriek before homing in for the girl. Result! The flaws are obvious throughout, not least that Lugosi ends up playing second fiddle to the journalists\u2019 blend of bravado and buffoonery, but as time fillers go, and as Lugosi\u2019s Poverty Row Horrors go, this is impossible to dislike and not have a good time with. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31119, 34084, 3593, 35911]}