{"tmdb_id": 41030, "title": "The Snow Creature", "original_title": "The Snow Creature", "slug_title": "the-snow-creature", "date": "1954-11-01", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "2.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fvvfa8oE3G8CrdXrshWzWxPgEYE.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Langton (Dr. Frank Parrish)", "Leslie Denison (Peter Wells)", "Teru Shimada (Subra)", "William Phipps (Lt. Dunbar)", "Lock Martin (The Snow Creature)", "Rollin Moriyama (Leva)", "Robert Kino (Inspector Karma)", "George Douglas (Corey Jr.)", "Robert Bice (Mr. Fleet)", "Rudolph Anders (Dr. Louis DuPont)", "Jack Daly (Mr. Edwards, sewer engineer)", "Darlene Fields (Joyce Parrish)", "Robert Hinton (Airline Manager)", "Rusty Wescoatt (Customs Warehouse Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This is all of the evidence that you need that heredity is not as important as environment. I have now watched a few movies by both W. Lee Wilder and his younger brother, Billy Wilder, and there is really no comparison possible. It is as if the milkman or the mailman was responsible for one of their births, rather than them both having the same biological father.\r\n\r\nHere, in 'The Snow Creature', we have at several different times and places in the film the EXACT SAME shots of the yeti lurching forward and retreating. There is nothing even remotely approaching the buildup of suspense, or plot credibility. Yes, lesser budgets meant that W. Lee had to work with far lesser talent, both in terms of cast and crew, than his legendary, award-winning sibling. Also, depending on scripts from his son was definitely a step down from the likes of I.A.L. Diamond, Billy's long-time very gifted collaborator. Yet other no-budget directors did great work--there is no credible excuse. And if you're interested, the film is a fun WTF watch--just don't have any preconceptions of filmic brilliance, or even credibility, from this portion of the Wilder family. Billy was estranged from his older brother and considered him 'a dull son of a bitch'. If any of the films I have seen of W. Lee are to be considered 'Exhibit A', then Billy was absolutely and sadly correct in this assertion."}], "recommandations_id": [72091, 114599, 112481, 29412]}