{"tmdb_id": 410562, "title": "Chennai 600028 II: Second Innings", "original_title": "\u0b9a\u0bc6\u0ba9\u0bcd\u0ba9\u0bc8 600028 II \u0b87\u0ba9\u0bcd\u0ba9\u0bbf\u0b99\u0bcd\u0bb8\u0bcd", "slug_title": "chennai-600028-ii-second-innings", "date": "2016-12-09", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1tXJ8k6wqGpGHEJ3LlOBi5UNXpS.jpg", "actors": ["Jai (Raghu)", "Shiva (Karthik)", "Premji Amaran (Seenu)", "Nithin Sathya (Vasanth)", "Vijay Vasanth (Gopi)", "Aravind Akash (Aravind)", "Ajay Raj (Ezhumalai)", "Vaibhav Reddy (Maruthupandi)", "Mahat Raghavendra (OK)", "Sampath Raj (Guna)", "Ilavarasu (Manohar)", "Vijayalakshmi Agathiyan (Selvi)", "Subbu Panchu ()", "Anjena Kirti ()", "Sakthi Saravanan ()", "Vatsan ()", "Badava Gopi ()", "Santhana Bharathi ()", "Manisha Yadav (Special Appearance in song \"Soppanasundari\")", "Kalyan Kumar (Special Appearance in song \"Soppanasundari\")"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The same old gang in a new territory against the new opponents.**\r\n\r\nI have watched all the Venkat Prabhu's films that had started with the original of this film a decade ago. Since sequels are not very trendy in Kollywood, possibly no one would have thought of this installment till the director himself revealed the plan. Definitely worth an attempt. Because Tamil film business had seen a bigger leap, especially in the financial sect. So, big spending for a film with the big names means, even bigger collection and in faster. Giving small sum of it for a talented/trusted filmmaker is not a big deal. This film closely falls into that category and they have done it.\r\n\r\nYou can call Venkat the king director of comedy films. If you know his filmmaking style, particularly his comedic sense, surely you will know what to expect and how to enjoy it. That means, it is especially targeted the native audience with no age bar. Because some of the comedies highly influenced by the local culture. In addition to that, if you have some knowledge of Hollywood, that will help even better. They had retained almost all the cast and characters. Good to see them all once again in the same frame.\r\n\r\nThe story as well follows after the ten years where many things have changed in the lives of the Chennai Shark (local cricket team) members. Some of them are married with kids and some are yet to settle down. When another guy from the gang is set to enter the wedlock in the rural, something terrible happens when they all decided to participate in a local cricket tournament. Now they have to fight back hard to come clean and save their friendship, as well as the marriage, in particular the girl. With some twists and turns, the tale enters the final segment entertaining its viewers all along.\r\n\r\nThis is very youthful. If you are one, you will enjoy it better than kids and elders. The film was very good, that does not mean it is better than the original. So comparing it with the previous is where it falls back. But I advise not to do that. I had a good time and I think you as well did the same. Definitely there will be third, which might be called 'Super Over' or 'Extra Innings'. Overall, it is not a must see film, but worth giving it a try. #TheBoysAreBack.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [318754, 369094, 112876, 387252]}