{"tmdb_id": 411437, "title": "The Addams Family XXX", "original_title": "The Addams Family XXX", "slug_title": "the-addams-family-xxx", "date": "2011-10-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "In The Addams Family XXX, the Addams children are all grown up now and wreaking havoc on the community. Before Wednesday and Pugsly are off to college, Gomez and Morticia decide it's time to have \"the talk\" with them and no, not the one about the difference between juvie and the state pen. Adhering to family tradition, Gomez brings Pugsly a hooker, while Morticia attempts to teach Wednesday about sex and masturbation. Always the cleverer child, Wednesday quickly applies what she learned to an orgy hosted in the dungeon. With sex in the air, the rest of the Addams feel the urge to play. Uncle Fester's electrifying personality manages to charm the skirt off Miss Millibanks. Morticia and Gomez tango their way into the bedroom. Even Lurch, Grandmama and Thing get in on the action! So, sit down at your station. Prepare for masturbation. You've got a reservation. The Addams Family!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aB0yOPDbiyVnBHVLVmqHPm1wIJ9.jpg", "actors": ["India Summer (Morticia Addams)", "Evan Stone (Gomez Addams)", "Brandy Aniston (Wednesday Addams)", "Seth Gamble (Pugsley Addams)", "Nina Hartley (Mama)", "Barry Scott (Uncle Fester)", "Dick Chibbles (Lurch / Thing)", "Alison Tyler (Cleopatra)", "Charley Chase (Catherine)", "Amber Rayne (Hooker)", "Alanah Rae (Cheerleader)", "Aurora Snow (Miss Millbanks)", "Bill Bailey (Missionary)", "Richie Calhoun (Missionary)", "Rocco Reed (Baseball Player)", "Chris Johnson (Baseball Player)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}