{"tmdb_id": 411794, "title": "Engel im Fegefeuer", "original_title": "Engel im Fegefeuer", "slug_title": "engel-im-fegefeuer", "date": "1965-04-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Ruhr area in November of 1918. 13-year old Achim Wolters and his friends get their hands on some potatoes on the market. They want to surprise Achim\u2032s father, who works on a mine sweeper boat, with a decent meal. But Achim\u2032s father does not show up \u2013 an informer at the train station has betrayed him for his left-wing beliefs and has turned him over to the police. The priest tells Achim the sad news and advises him to pray for the release of his father. But when carpenter Stelzebein stresses that everybody has to take actions for himself, the devout boy at first does not believe in Stelzebein\u2032s words. But then Achim witnesses in the prison how brutally the imperial police treat his father and the other inmates. Together with his loyal friends, Achim takes Stelzebein\u2032s side. When the revolution starts, they stand together on the barricades.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nwSW5J3DWYqKaMy1VqqhTI9OgBM.jpg", "actors": ["Fred Delmare (Stelzebein)", "Jutta Hoffmann (Nelly)", "Sabine Thalbach (Gouvernante)", "Agnes Kraus (Prostituierte)", "Eberhard Schaletzky ()", "G\u00fcnter Lupkowski ()", "Joachim Krause ()", "Heinz Suhr ()", "Erik S. Klein ()", "Jutta Peters ()", "Werner Schulz-Wittan ()", "G\u00fcnter Ott ()", "Lotte Loebinger ()", "Siegfried Wei\u00df ()", "Horst Friedrich ()", "G\u00fcnter Junghans ()", "Peter Reusse ()", "Else Wolz ()", "Helmut Schellhardt ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}