{"tmdb_id": 411717, "title": "Bairavaa", "original_title": "\u0baa\u0bc8\u0bb0\u0bb5\u0bbe", "slug_title": "bairavaa", "date": "2017-01-12", "genre": "Action", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hBtRwo9BIdRARsNZPtAHvlse0mg.jpg", "actors": ["Vijay (Bairavaa)", "Keerthi Suresh (Malarvizhi)", "Jagapati Babu (Periyakannu aka PK)", "Sathish Muthukrishnan (Shanmugam)", "Aparna Vinod (Vaishali)", "Papri Ghosh (Shailaja Venkatesan)", "Rajendran (M. Rajendran)", "Daniel Balaji (Kottai Veeran)", "Mime Gopi (Karuvadu Kumar)", "Harish Uthaman (Prabha)", "Sriman (Periyakannu's Assistant)", "Thambi Ramaiah (Malarvizhi's Uncle)", "Sija Rose (Malarvizhi's Sister)", "Shanmugarajan (Advocate)", "Adukalam Naren (Malarvizhi's Father)", "G. Marimuthu (Doctor Pandurangan)", "Vijayaraghavan (Vaishali's Father)", "Malavika Avinash (Judge)", "Sugunthan (Periyakannu's Henchman)", "Seema G Nair (Vaishali's Mother)", "Mithu Chakrabarty (Amulu)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Not the film I was hoping for!**\r\n\r\nThis director, I don't think he would ever get another chance to work with any top actors after this film. One of the worst films I have recently. If you are a lead actor's fan, then you might enjoy it for your loyalty for him, but definitely this is not for everyone. Everyone means, this film made especially for the Indian audience, which looks more like an utter Telugu style commercial film than what I know about Tamil films. I watched it mainly for Keerthy, as I haven't seen her any films so far. This is her big leap to the big actors league, but not quite perfect entry. Except it decently did at the box office.\r\n\r\nAs usual, like any big lead star's films, the songs and the preferring details on heroism destroyed the story flow. Yeah, the story does not take the lead with twist and turns and emotions and romance, but it's the lead actor/character who controlled everything according to his style. This MASS culture was started by Rajinikanth, yet he has changed with the film 'Kabali' to the international standards when it comes to the story narration. These stars below him are yet to learn that tactics. It could have worked better if it was a Tollywood film with their stars.\r\n\r\nThere are lots of unrealistic scenes in the film and stunts are the top among them. The character PK was almost like the negative role Adisheshan from the film 'Sivaji'. The end twist was unbelievable. I mean not in a good sense. Very silly and which makes the earlier development in the story was invalid. I was stunned after the hero committed to bring justice, he changed his approach at the end. That was not a twist, but the writer did not know how to solve the puzzle, so he messed up at the end. Sorry guys, Anytime I would recommend Indian parallel films which are small budget films, have less known actors and directors rather than these stupid masala films.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [370076, 76788, 53877, 362150]}