{"tmdb_id": 411741, "title": "Instalife", "original_title": "Ingrid Goes West", "slug_title": "instalife", "date": "2017-08-11", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Ingrid Thorburn, jeune femme mentalement instable, devient obs\u00e9d\u00e9e par Taylor, sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9e dans les r\u00e9seaux sociaux et dont la vie semble parfaite. Un jour, Ingrid d\u00e9cide de rencontrer Taylor \"dans la vraie vie\". Son comportement devient alors bizarre et de plus en plus dangereux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3LEyW11onDltXHo0L1X23j9Nnvg.jpg", "actors": ["Aubrey Plaza (Ingrid Thorburn)", "Elizabeth Olsen (Taylor Sloane)", "O'Shea Jackson Jr. (Dan Pinto)", "Wyatt Russell (Ezra O'Keefe)", "Billy Magnussen (Nicky Sloane)", "Pom Klementieff (Harley Chung)", "Joseph Breen (Garth Lafayette)", "Hannah Pearl Utt (Nicole)", "Angelica Amor (Cindy)", "Meredith Hagner (Charlotte Buckwald)", "Charlie Wright (Chuck)", "Dennis Atlas (Buck)", "Jay Weingarten (Eden)", "Malika Williams (Nurse)", "Vincent van Hinte (Cashier)", "Tina Lorraine (Therapist)", "Megan Griffey (Bar Patron)", "Destiny Soria (Cowgirl)", "Luis Deveze (Mechanic)", "Andrew Horschak (Bar Patron)", "Jana Ritter (Dancing Woman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm super uncomfortable in a really good way.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Ingrid of Instagram!**\r\n\r\nThe film was decent, but was not my kind. I mean I've given up using the useless social media a long time ago and I'm happy the film highlighted the evil side of such platform. I liked the casting. The combinations were good. Particularly, I think Oshea Jackson should do more films. He could be the next big name.\r\n\r\nIt was about the social network, revolved around Instagram platform. It's all about getting popular in the virtual world. And people are ready to do anything for that. One such incident based film is this. A young woman who lost all her friends and ended up in an asylum for a breakdown is now preparing to start afresh. So heads west, Los Angeles, and makes a friend with one of the popular Instagram stars. But the path she chooses was not conventional. She knows the consequences, yet she goes on with it, but when it all comes to that point, what happens to her was revealed at the end.\r\n\r\nAs I said, it is not for everyone. It is for the young generation, particularly any generation who uses or addicted to social media. The story was not fresh enough. We've seen similar tale with a different perspective and platform. Then the result of the tale is all same. The message was good, but I don't think that was the intention of making it. Overall, good for once watching.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [411873, 416477, 403431, 397722]}