{"tmdb_id": 41184, "title": "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer", "original_title": "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer", "slug_title": "mr-and-mrs-iyer", "date": "2002-07-19", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "A bus is setting out to Calcutta from a village in West Bengal. Meenakshi Iyer, who is from a strict orthodox Hindu background, is leaving to Chennai for her husband, with her young child, after the vacation with her parents. By chance, she gets a co-passenger who is also to Chennai, Rajah, a photographer, introduced by one of the friends of her father. During the journey they build a good relationship. But a Hindu-Muslim communal riot sets out in the meantime, in some areas they had to travel. Then she comes to face the fact that Rajah is not a Hindu but a Muslim whose real name is Jehangir. Even though she curses herself at that time while some Hindu fanatics evade their bus she saves him introducing as Mr. Iyer. But they have to reach their destination while the other passengers know Rajah as no one else but Mr. Iyer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sHvgK6E7fA8QBUT8pFIuv1D5bet.jpg", "actors": ["Konkona Sen Sharma (Meenakshi S. Iyer)", "Rahul Bose (Jehangir \"Raja\" Chowdhury)", "Bhisham Sahni (Iqbal Ahmed Khan)", "Surekha Sikri (Najma Ahmed Khan)", "Bharat Kaul (Rajesh Arora)", "A.V. Iyenger (Meenakshi's Father)", "Vijaya Subramanium (Meenakshi's Mother)", "Sunil Mukherjee ()", "Esha Chauhan ()", "Anjan Dutt ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [168495, 23130, 38301, 21625], "youtube_key": "notfound"}