{"tmdb_id": 412251, "title": "Thursday's Child", "original_title": "Thursday's Child", "slug_title": "thursday-s-child", "date": "1983-02-01", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Sam Alden is the 17-year-old high school star player in baseball who seems to have it all. However, his family notices that he is often bothered with fits of coughing. Worried, his parents decide to take him to the hospital, where they are shocked to find out that he has a life-threatening heart disease. Sam has trouble dealing with his illness, but he pretends to still be a joyful teenager to not have his parents worrying even more than they already do. His health is deteriorating, though, and it is eventually revealed that he needs a heart transplant if he wants to survive. This is the beginning of a long journey, which is mentally and physically exhausting. Sam has countless operations, and tests. The search for a donor seems endless to him. Even before the final operation, Sam is forced to deal with several setbacks in his life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Cz5xWjNhnISQnUKL18cw7bHUBL.jpg", "actors": ["Gena Rowlands (Victoria Alden)", "Rob Lowe (Sam Alden)", "Don Murray (Parker Alden)", "Jessica Walter (Roz Richardson)", "Tracey Gold (Alix)", "Glenn Morrissey (Pokie)", "Ken Stovitz (Charlie)", "Heidi Bohay (Ruthie)", "Elizabeth Keifer (Tina)", "Larry Poindexter (Malcolm)", "Robin Gammell (Dr. Schroeder)", "Alan Fudge (Dr. Baumbartner)", "Thomas Hill (Dr. Owens)", "Stephen Keep Mills (Dr. Reston)", "Curt Lowens (Dr. Wakely)", "Ryan MacDonald (Dr. Shumway)", "Janet MacLachlan (Nurse Judy)", "Lindy Nisbet (Portsmouth Nurse)", "Susan Ruttan (Portsmouth Nurse)", "Sharon Benson (Nurse)", "Michael Saucedo (Randy)", "Kenneth Tigar (Bill Richardson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}