{"tmdb_id": 412312, "title": "Moby Dick Rehearsed", "original_title": "Moby Dick Rehearsed", "slug_title": "moby-dick-rehearsed", "date": "1955-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Moby Dick\u2014Rehearsed is a two-act drama by Orson Welles. The play was staged June 16\u2013July 9, 1955, at the Duke of York's Theatre in London, in a production directed by Welles. Welles used minimal stage design. The stage was bare, the actors appeared in contemporary street clothes, and the props were minimal. For example, brooms were used for oars, and a stick was used for a telescope. The actors provided the action, and the audience's imagination provided the ocean, costumes, and the whale. Welles filmed approximately 75 minutes of the production, with the original cast, at the Hackney Empire and Scala Theatres in London. He hoped to sell the film to Omnibus, the United States television series which had presented his live performance of King Lear in 1953; but Welles stopped shooting when he was disappointed in the results. The film is considered lost.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ujp6KtmSTIbc0hrvJfIN2Cz2Jrt.jpg", "actors": ["Gordon Jackson (A Young Actor / Ishmael)", "Christopher Lee (A Stage Manager / Flask)", "Patrick McGoohan (A Serious Actor / Starbuck)", "Wensley Pithey (A Middle-Aged Actor / Stubb)", "Joan Plowright (A Young Actress / Pip)", "Orson Welles (An Actor Manager / Father Mapple / Ahab)", "Kenneth Williams (A Very Serious Actor / Elijah and others)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}