{"tmdb_id": 41357, "title": "Un \u00e9t\u00e9 42", "original_title": "Summer of '42", "slug_title": "un-ete-42", "date": "1971-04-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Hermie se souvient avec nostalgie de cet \u00e9t\u00e9 quarante-deux lorsqu'il avait quinze ans. Gar\u00e7on timide et r\u00eaveur, il avait bien du mal \u00e0 aborder les filles de son \u00e2ge. Lorsqu'apparut dans sa vie Dorothy, une jeune femme dont le mari etait \u00e0 la guerre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cJYezdxCKG2WuVJjKfnGPdVKtB0.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer O'Neill (Dorothy)", "Gary Grimes (Hermie)", "Jerry Houser (Oscy)", "Oliver Conant (Benjie)", "Katherine Allentuck (Aggie)", "Christopher Norris (Miriam)", "Lou Frizzell (Druggist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Sex-obsessed boys on Nantucket in 1942\r\n\t\r\nRELEASED IN 1971 and directed by Robert Mulligan, \"Summer of '42\u201d is the biographical drama of Herman \u201cHermie\u201d Raucher (Gary Grimes) coming of age at 15 during the titular season & year on Nantucket Island. He and his two pals, Oscy and Benji, hang out on the island learning about sex and chasing girls. Meanwhile, Hermie is an awe of a 21 year-old woman (Jennifer O'Neill) whose soldier husband is off fighting WWII.  \r\n\r\nThis is such a well-done classic film from the early 70s. The island locales are breathtaking while the story is low-key realistic, which is fitting since it was based on a real-life. It\u2019s basically about a teenage boy in awe of a beautiful adult whoa-man of whom O\u2019Neill voluptuously fills the bill. Hermie has a mature, spiritual attitude toward love & sex, which is contrasted by Oscy\u2019s juvenile, animalistic approach.  \r\n\r\nThe movie\u2019s not meant to provoke \u201ccontroversy\u201d but rather to just show the way it was and what happened. The same type of story happened and happens to mid-teens in every community all over North America and the world to this day. I\u2019m not saying it\u2019s right or wise on the adult\u2019s part (it\u2019s not), but simply that it happens; and the teen WANTED it, boy or girl. That said, there\u2019s some ambiguity to the ending and it\u2019s not 100% certain that such-and-such occurred.\r\n\r\nThe outstanding \u201cLast Summer\u201d (1969) is a comparable movie, but with an unpleasant edge. Both films take place on island beaches during the summer and involve teens coming of age. Both films involve a disturbing element. But \u201cLast Summer\u201d is ugly in a significant way whereas \u201cSummer of \u201942\u201d maintains a sense of awe and beauty. \u201cThe Outsiders\u201d (1983) is also a little comparable, particularly the theater sequence.\r\n\r\nWATCH OUT for notable cutie Christopher Norris as Oscy\u2019s wannabe date, Miriam. If you\u2019re not familiar with her, be sure to check her out in Ron Howard\u2019s \u201cEat My Dust\u201d (1976) where she\u2019s mind-blowing. \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 44 minutes and was shot in Mendocino in Northern California and a couple other places in California. They had intended to shoot it on Nantucket, where the true story occurred, but the island had changed so much since 1942 that it proved more feasible to simply find another, underdeveloped locale as a substitute. \r\n\r\nGRADE: A-/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [42593, 33374, 85327, 38096], "youtube_key": "l_86PDoqvoI"}