{"tmdb_id": 413990, "title": "Pottersville", "original_title": "Pottersville", "slug_title": "pottersville", "date": "2017-11-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Pris pour Bigfoot, un homme enivr\u00e9 d\u00e9guis\u00e9 en gorille attire, dans son petit village en difficult\u00e9, l'attention m\u00e9diatique et l'argent des touristes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zlQgswQ5GEklrbv8MkohQHyomZu.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Shannon (Maynard Greiger)", "Judy Greer (Parker)", "Thomas Lennon (Brock Masterson)", "Ron Perlman (Sheriff Jack)", "Christina Hendricks (Connie Greiger)", "Ian McShane (Bart)", "Michael Torpey (Norm)", "Blake Perlman (Tammy Henderson)", "Elena Hurst (Stacy Gutierrez)", "Timothy Davis-Reed (John Logan)", "Mary Marquiss Ashley (Sue)", "Julian Lerner (Samuel)", "Debargo Sanyal (Tony)", "Greta Lee (Ilene)", "Viola Ransel (Millie)", "Ruth Ransel (Doris)", "Thomas Hoe (Don)", "Collin Crook (Jasper Wyatt)", "Kenn Watt (Wilkins)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bensonmum2", "content": "A down on its luck mining town finds a new life when locals begin seeing a bigfoot.  Before long, there are tourists in town, cash registers ringing, and a nationally syndicated television show scouring the woods for a sasquatch.  It's a Christmas miracle - or is it?\r\n\r\nMy rating for Pottersville seems at odds with conventional wisdom.  It\u2019s obvious that I enjoy this one much, much more than most people.  For many reason, the film worked for me.  The cast is brilliant - from Michael Shannon playing against character to the always enjoyable Judy Greer to the gruff but funny Ian McShane, I had a blast with the cast.  The plot is a another plus for me.  It's just quirky enough to keep me entertained throughout.  The bits about the furries, the bigfoot sightings, and the \"unique\" townspeople are all interesting touches.  I've read several complaints about the lack of real comedy and, while I can agree to a point, there are enough moments that made me at least smile that I didn't need to laugh out loud to find the comedy enjoyable.  Overall, I had a good time with Pottersville and have no problems rating it higher than most others.\r\n\r\nMy biggest complaint with Pottersville and the thing that keeps me from rating it higher is Tom Lennon.  A little Lennon goes a long way.  He's given way, way too much screentime.  I admit that some of his interactions with Ian McShane and the Nelson Mandela song dedicaiton were quite funny, but overall, he's annoying.  Less Lennon and I might have rated Pottersville even higher."}], "recommandations_id": [395235, 479970, 454349, 490846], "youtube_key": "Jqf8h5Uip6U"}