{"tmdb_id": 413998, "title": "Ma cousine Rachel", "original_title": "My Cousin Rachel", "slug_title": "ma-cousine-rachel", "date": "2017-06-08", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Jeune orphelin, Philip est persuad\u00e9 que sa myst\u00e9rieuse cousine Rachel est responsable du meurtre de leur cousin Ambrose. Alors que Philip pr\u00e9pare sa vengeance, il tombe peu \u00e0 peu sous le charme de sa cousine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yz9Pnx5tbpZOHWsCD0LtoTCgmLi.jpg", "actors": ["Rachel Weisz (Rachel Ashley)", "Sam Claflin (Philip Ashley)", "Holliday Grainger (Louise Kendall)", "Iain Glen (Nick Kendall)", "Pierfrancesco Favino (Rinaldi)", "Andrew Knott (Joshua)", "Andrew Havill (Parson Pascoe)", "Poppy Lee Friar (Mary Pascoe)", "Vicki Pepperdine (Mrs. Pascoe)", "Harrie Hayes (Tess)", "Louis Suc (Philip (12 yrs))", "Katherine Pearce (Belinda Pascoe)", "Chris Gallarus (Timothy)", "Bobby Scott Freeman (John)", "Tristram Davies (Wellington)", "Stuart Davidson (Farmer (uncredited))", "Simon Russell Beale (Couch)", "Tim Barlow (Seecombe)", "Ray Sampson (Doctor)", "Adam Loxley (Adam)", "Alex Arnold (Young Lad)", "Cal McCrystal (Geoffrey)", "Dorian Lough (Gabriel)", "Tobias Beer (William)", "Neil MacColl (Singer)", "Wilf Walters (Pig Farmer)", "Margaret Michell (Market Girl)", "Austin Taylor (Philip (6 yrs))", "Deano Bugatti (Ambrose (uncredited))", "Attila G. Kerekes (Villager (uncredited))", "Holly Sohail (Woman (uncredited))", "Don Whistance (Farmer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A mystery woman from Italy!**\r\n\r\nIt is a spectacular film by its wonderful costume displays and fantastic performances. Along with they have shot the entire film in the great locations. I think that's it, that's the film. The story wise, nothing impressive. Might have been one of the best tales in the old days, though at present, we've lots of similar ones and I had seen many films with the same story structure too.\r\n\r\nBased on the book of the same name and the second film adaptation. The story of an orphan boy who was adopted by his cousin and passed all his wealth to him. Then one day on the edge of his 25th birthday, he meets his cousin's cousin from Italy, Rachel. Her visit changes his life, but it was something more than he has thought of. What is it and how the story ends comes in the later parts.\r\n\r\nIt was a thorough show by none other than Sam Claflin and Rachel Weisz. The story, the scenes were predictable. I had never heard this tale before, so that was a relief, particularly about the end. Even though it was not the best conclusion. In my opinion, it is an okay film. Maybe one time watchable film for decently made. Overall, an average adaptation/remake.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [410117, 399019, 257785, 368942], "youtube_key": "8NfQ7o_rCC0"}