{"tmdb_id": 414027, "title": "Jasper Jones", "original_title": "Jasper Jones", "slug_title": "jasper-jones", "date": "2017-03-02", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Australie-Occidentale, \u00e9t\u00e9 1969. Le jeune Charlie est r\u00e9veill\u00e9 au beau milieu de la nuit par Jasper Jones, un adolescent mi-aborig\u00e8ne \u00e0 la mauvaise r\u00e9putation, qui vient frapper \u00e0 sa fen\u00eatre. Implorant l\u2019aide de Charlie, Jasper le conduit dans la for\u00eat et lui montre quelque chose qui changera sa vie \u00e0 jamais. Charlie et Jasper vont devoir s\u2019allier et affronter leurs peurs pour tenter d'\u00e9lucider un myst\u00e8re qui consume toute une communaut\u00e9. Dans la petite ville isol\u00e9e \u00e9touff\u00e9e par les secrets, les ragots et les trag\u00e9dies insoup\u00e7onn\u00e9es qui se jouent derri\u00e8re les fa\u00e7ades coquettes, Charlie verra sa famille voler en \u00e9clats, \u00e9prouvera ses premiers \u00e9mois amoureux, et d\u00e9couvrira ce qu\u2019est le v\u00e9ritable courage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kB0fpfm0aArdBOdokVXUxS3rxtP.jpg", "actors": ["Aaron L. McGrath (Jasper Jones)", "Levi Miller (Charlie Bucktin)", "Angourie Rice (Eliza Wishart)", "Toni Collette (Ruth Bucktin)", "Hugo Weaving (Mad Jack Lionel)", "Matthew Nable (Sarge)", "Daniel Wyllie (Wes Bucktin)", "Myles Pollard (Pete Wishart)", "Susan Prior (Gwyn Wishart)", "Wilson Moore (Warwick Trent)", "Ferdinand Hoang (An Lu)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A mystery surrounding a girl's death.**\r\n\r\nAn Australia's murder mystery set in a small town. The film was based on the novel of the same name. Starred by the next generation Aussie actors like Levi Miller and Angourie Rice. But the film was not what I had expected. Just okayish. Not at first glance I liked it, because I thought it was a little out of common sense, even from the kid's perspective. I don't blame the entire film, but the opening. Too intentional and right away jumped into the suspense.\r\n\r\nThis is a children's film, the story of teenagers, and a mystery surrounding the death of a girl. After the unconvinced start, not even the end brought any consolation. Though it could have been for just me. That's what I felt. So according to me, only the mid parts held the film for me to look for something in the later. All it had was the wonder characters and the storyline. The rest of the film failed to stretch with the best developments. Definitely a good tale for literature, but for a film, to witness everything on the visuals, it needed more detail. Only if it had depth, I would have found it a better film.\r\n\r\nThe story that happened in the holiday week that comes between the Christmas and the New Year. In a fictional Aussie town called Corrigan, a young Charlie was approached by Jasper in the middle of the night. Later he comes to know Jasper's girlfriend has been murdered. Now they are set to find who did it and why bofore the athorities do! The following days are crucial for both of them as the whole town is terrified by the incident. When the time comes to the truth, the secrets were revealed just before the film's end.\r\n\r\n> -xX] You're just like her, your mother. You're peas in a pod, you two. [Xx-\r\n\r\nThere was a little distraction like the Vietnam war, racism. All the above, the character Jasper Jones seemed an imagination of Charlie. Because of his secret appearance, but that did not last long. Yet the murder mystery always stayed top of the film topic. When the end revealed everything, that reminded me the films of 60-70 years ago. The timeline for this film too was in the same period, precisely 1969. The locations were awesome, the cinematography should be appreciated.\r\n\r\nI thought the Jeffrey was an under-used or unrequired character, until the cricket match scene that's dedicated to him. Following it, what happened to his family was a nice flow of the story. Charlie's family too, the issue of the parents, crisis is their marriage. As I said, the film had ingredient, but did not cook properly. The reviewers, the film critics comparing it to some of the classics like 'To Kill a Mockingbird' to 'Stand By Me'. But I would say, it is too late to come to get equal status of those films. It was just an above average, but if it came in the 80s or 90s, surely would have been a gem and changed the Australian filmdom.\r\n\r\nDespite the film title, the story was narrated by Charlie, the one who developed an unexpected relation in the most extreme situation with Jasper Jones. Apart from one worst week of his life, he also finds his first love. A coming-of-age film, worth a watch, but no doubt that it should have better. Not sure if the majority would like it or dislike it, but it is once watchable film. Finally, it got nominated for the Australian Academy Awards for this year (2017) in six categories, sadly it had won nothing. I hope that should not be a reason for you to skip it!\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [497757, 408323, 295196, 443055]}