{"tmdb_id": 41468, "title": "Le Sabre et la fl\u00e8che", "original_title": "Last of the Comanches", "slug_title": "le-sabre-et-la-fleche", "date": "1953-02-01", "genre": "Western / Action / Aventure", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "En 1876, les Indiens de la tribu des Comanches sont les derniers \u00e0 toujours lutter contre l'homme blanc, avec Nuage Noir \u00e0 leur t\u00eate. Apr\u00e8s une confrontation dont les Comanches sortent victorieux, il ne reste plus que six des soldats envoy\u00e9s par les blancs. Le sergent Trainor escortent les survivants. Rejoint par une diligence o\u00f9 se trouve la belle Julia, le petit groupe va devoir rester soud\u00e9 alors que l'eau commence \u00e0 manquer et que les attaques se r\u00e9p\u00e8tent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4ahz8lpI99HKqOQnP7idlwKg5xO.jpg", "actors": ["Broderick Crawford (Sgt. Matt Trainor)", "Barbara Hale (Julia Lanning)", "Johnny Stewart (Little Knife)", "Lloyd Bridges (Jim Starbuck)", "Mickey Shaughnessy (Rusty Potter)", "George Mathews (Romany O'Rattigan)", "Hugh Sanders (Denver Kinnaird)", "Ric Roman (Martinez)", "Chubby Johnson (Henry Ruppert)", "Martin Milner (Billy Creel)", "Milton Parsons (Satterlee the Prophet)", "Jack Woody (Cpl. Floyd)", "John War Eagle (Black Cloud)", "George Chesebro (Pete (uncredited))", "Steve Forrest (Lt. Floyd (uncredited))", "Harry Harvey (Munitions Man (uncredited))", "Jay Silverheels (Indian (uncredited))", "Carleton Young (Maj. Lanning (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'll tell you when to drink, when to eat, when to sleep, and when to breathe! \r\n\r\nLast of the Comanches (AKA: The Sabre and the Arrow) is directed by Andre De Toth and adapted to the screen by Kenneth Gamet. It stars Broderick Crawford, Barbara Hale, Lloyd Bridges, Mickey Shaughnessy, Johnny Stewart, George Matthews and Hugh Sanders. A Technicolor production with cinematography by Charles Lawton Junior and Ray Cory and music by George Duning. \r\n\r\nSafe as a bomb shelter Western. A remake of Zoltan Korda/Humphrey Bogart's war movie Sahara from 1943, Last of the Comanches finds Broderick Crawford as the leader of what remains of a massacred cavalry troop. As they make their way across the desert they pick up ragtag group of stagecoach passengers and as water runs low, they must fight for survival against fierce Comanches led by Black Cloud. \r\n\r\nIn essence it's a survivalist story with some Indian War action dotted around the outskirts of plotting. It's nice and airy, pleasingly performed, easy on the eye with its Technicolor photography, and De Toth once again shows himself to be a good marshaller of action scenes. Crawford carries the movie of course, imbuing Sergeant Trainor with fearless bluster that holds the dysfunctional group together. The narrative strength comes from the lack of water, both for the whiteys and the Comanche, where the often forgotten weapons of war, that of food or drink, firmly keeps the story engrossing. \r\n\r\nNot as good as Sahara but still a safe recommendation to Western and Brod Crawford fans. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [51788, 167828, 56597, 85849]}