{"tmdb_id": 414768, "title": "Aurora Teagarden - 4 - La maison des disparus", "original_title": "The Julius House: An Aurora Teagarden Mystery", "slug_title": "aurora-teagarden-4-la-maison-des-disparus", "date": "2016-10-16", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Aurora Teagarden vient d'acheter une maison, auparavant habit\u00e9e par la famille Julius, dont les membres ont myst\u00e9rieusement disparu il y a quatre ans. La jeune femme d\u00e9couvre par hasard une page du journal intime de Charity Julius, qui lui donne envie d'en savoir plus. Elle pense que la famille n'a pas disparu par hasard.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f39hsy4oaxjvelniH0gpbZcQvNC.jpg", "actors": ["Candace Cameron Bure (Aurora Teagarden)", "Yannick Bisson (Martin Bartell)", "Marilu Henner (Aida Teagarden)", "Lexa Doig (Sally Allison)", "Bruce Dawson (John Queensland)", "Peter Benson (Det. Arthur Smith)", "Miranda Frigon (Detective Lynn Leggit-Smith)", "Dave Collette (Bubba Rankheart)", "Craig March (Captain Fred Burns)", "Scott Lyster (Perry)", "Julian Christopher (Lemaster)", "Gabrielle Rose (Mrs. Totino)", "Chilton Crane (Mrs. Dimmoch)", "Ellie Harvie (Lillian)", "David Ingram (Macon Turner)", "Viv Leacock (Parnell)", "Jan Bos (Coroner)", "Julie Lynn-Mortensen (Nola Trent)", "Stephanie Bennett (Charity Julius)", "Tyler Johnston (Harley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Gone Family!**\r\n\r\nThe fourth film in the Aurora Teagarden Mystery film series made for Hallmark channel. Based on the book of the same name, the third director to helm a film in the franchise. I think it's all for good, because for me, this is the best one so far. Yep, I totally loved it, despite intentional storyline. On the other side, things have changed big and now it is a comfortably settled down series with pretty much everything compared to the earlier stage. Particularly, between the characters.\r\n\r\nWith the inherited wealth from an acquaintance, now Aurora is set to buy her own house. Her mother being a realtor, she finds a perfect house just outside the town. She carefully picked it because of more room for her book collections. But that leads her to involve in another mystery. The mystery of a family suddenly disappeared in a thin air five years ago. Being a viewer I said, not again. Because that was a too deliberate to kick start with what Aurora is good at.\r\n\r\nAnyway, films need a start. Like there's saying in our local, 'leaving first is not matter, but coming first at the end matters'. Likewise, this film used such opening to a great level. Obviously Aurora finds a clue, to begin her own investigation. But the best part was she was not alone this time. As I've complained about a particular thing in the previous reviews, I think they had heard me. Well, this film was made and released before my reviews. So, basically, I felt happy to see what I wanted. A stabilised romance partner. The character Martin returned from the previous part. And hope he would continue in the next as well.\r\n\r\n> \u275dOnly you would buy a house that turned out to be a crime scene.\u275e\r\n\r\nComing back to the story, they join hands in this latest probe. So they had to go places together, which nicely influenced the story to shape up. Because of handling the multiple situations at the same time. Then there's Sally, Aurora's best friend, a reporter, who I thought is a gap filler on the funny side. She had a few good moments, but not enough screenspace. I wish she gets more share, since she's a press which would benefit Aurora in one way or another to accomplish things.\r\n\r\nThe film also had a little time to focus on Aurora's mother's romance with her club member, John. He always backed Aurora for the common interest, but now caught between solving crime with her and romance with her mother. The cops too got a better understanding on her. Seems they have learnt she can't be stopped on her passion. Besides, it's helping them on what they had failed. In one of the scenes on the rooftop, when Aurora suddenly backed off, that was so perfect. If Martin had not been her behind, she would have fallen on the ground. That's funny! Anyway, the making says it was shot on the ground.\r\n\r\nThe whole gone family scenario was quite easily figurable. Only on theories, with a couple strong possibilities. But how it unfolded was really nicely done. I felt richness in the narration. Not just performances and production quality, but how it all shot, from scene to scene, frame to frame. This director is really good. The remaining two films in the series were also made by him, so I'm eager for that. Candace Cameron Bure was so good. Watching the installments, one after another, only making to like her more. Let's meet in the next part review. Meanwhile, check it out this film, and the whole series if you haven't already.\r\n\r\n**8/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [455034, 339580, 436398, 325078], "youtube_key": "notfound"}