{"tmdb_id": 415364, "title": "Chrysanthemum to the beast", "original_title": "\u7ed9\u91ce\u517d\u732e\u82b1", "slug_title": "chrysanthemum-to-the-beast", "date": "2012-11-10", "genre": ["Romance / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Set in Shanghai, the film revolves around a series of funny stories following a policeman named Liu Meili as he infiltrates a group of gangsters.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hRrpPSalSSa5yjBRAztYim4Pe9s.jpg", "actors": ["Ady An (Yoyo)", "Ng Man-Tat (Police Commissioner)", "Jaycee Chan (Liu Meili)", "Zhu Xi Yan (Mei Wei)", "Ricky Chan Po-Yuen ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Tony", "content": "I've been looking forward to this movie since last year but just couldn't get my hands on it. Ady An (loved her ever since Autumn's Concerto) in fairly-romantic movie with Jackie Chan's son. Man, what a disappointment. The story was so unoriginal. Just like romance genre, action has it's own set of cliche settings and this movie covered most of them. This movie tried to be funny, but I barely laughed. The humor was almost forceful.\r\n\r\nComing to acting. Ady An did a great job. She (along with a few other actors) did a decent job. Unfortunately the movie wasn't centered around her. It was centered around Jaycee Chan and the guy needs some serious acting lessons. I mean, I get it. He has been brought up under the limelight. It's rather challenging to surpass the great Jackie Chan but this guy really needs to pause, think, find his own thing and do it. Because he cannot act."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "V8d34VHVSQQ"}