{"tmdb_id": 415665, "title": "1:54", "original_title": "1:54", "slug_title": "1-54", "date": "2016-10-13", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 16 ans, Tim est un jeune homme timide, brillant, et dot\u00e9 d'un talent sportif naturel. Mais la pression qu'il subit le poussera jusque dans ses derniers retranchements, l\u00e0 o\u00f9 les limites humaines atteignent le point de non-retour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/j28i5dr6zqmZSM2u1BkjYxxV5Zv.jpg", "actors": ["Antoine-Olivier Pilon (Tim)", "Sophie N\u00e9lisse (Jennifer)", "Lou-Pascal Tremblay (Jeff Roy)", "David Boutin (Pierre)", "Patrice Godin (M. Sullivan)", "Robert Naylor (Francis)", "Anthony Therrien (Patrick)", "Guillaume Gauthier (David)", "Irdens Exantus (Fred)", "Karl-Antoine Suprice (Sydney)", "Laurie-Jade Rochon (Zo\u00e9)", "\u00c9mile Mailhiot (PE teacher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Admit and face the reality than to get the same treatment by avoiding them!**\r\n\r\nGreat cast, even the concept was nice, but a missed opportunity for sure. Bully, LGBT, there were lots of things the film highlighted, but did not choose the right path to ride on with. Everything was overshadowed by the negatives. When I was watching the film, I was very uncomfortable throughout. Because I have kept anticipating the best things to take over at any time, but that never came. Even the sport part was kind of incomplete. The film was a fiction, but even partially that's how things happen in Canada, then Canada is too far behind from all the western world.\r\n\r\nThe film should have been an inspiring tale, or at least an awareness tale. It was a gay theme, though not a romance film. An eleventh grade Tim is avoiding his sexual identity to escape the embarrassment, particularly from the school bullies. But it's too late now, which cost him a big. As a response, he takes a challenge. And now he needs to prove his sexuality, but not everything goes as he had planned. The remaining story takes a crucial twist where everything comes to halt suddenly.\r\n\r\nYeah, I think that sudden ending is not convincing. Especially after too many turns in the story development, I actually was expecting the best way to conclude. So not everybody would be happy with that part. Though it was not a bad idea, only they did not make it in a better way. The title too was a little diversion, from prediction. So don't expect, everything's going to be fine kind of film. More like I felt it is made for sadist mindset people. Because you can't encourage such film, particularly its contents which makes unease most of the time.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [79919, 136437, 408422, 324578]}