{"tmdb_id": 415, "title": "Batman & Robin", "original_title": "Batman & Robin", "slug_title": "batman-robin", "date": "1997-06-20", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans cette nouvelle aventure, Batman aura bien besoin de son audacieux partenaire Robin, juch\u00e9 sur sa fringante moto turbo. En effet, le glacial M. Frezze fait r\u00e9gner une vague de froid polaire sur Gotham City avec la complicit\u00e9 de la belle et v\u00e9n\u00e9neuse Poison Ivy, au baiser mortel et aux formes sinueuses, qui r\u00eave de soumettre le monde au pouvoir des femmes-fleurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/79AYCcxw3kSKbhGpx1LiqaCAbwo.jpg", "actors": ["George Clooney (Bruce Wayne / Batman)", "Chris O'Donnell (Dick Grayson / Robin)", "Arnold Schwarzenegger (Dr. Victor Fries / Mr. Freeze)", "Uma Thurman (Dr. Pamela Isley / Poison Ivy)", "Alicia Silverstone (Barbara Wilson / Batgirl)", "Michael Gough (Alfred Pennyworth)", "Pat Hingle (Commissioner James Gordon)", "John Glover (Dr. Jason Woodrue)", "Elle Macpherson (Julie Madison)", "Vivica A. Fox (Ms. B. Haven)", "Vendela Kirsebom (Nora Fries)", "Elizabeth Sanders (Gossip Gerty)", "Robert Swenson (Bane)", "Michael Reid MacKay (Antonio Diego / Bane)", "Eric Lloyd (Young Bruce Wayne)", "Patrick Leahy (Senator Patrick Leahy)", "Jesse Ventura (Arkham Asylum Guard)", "Ralf Moeller (Arkham Asylum Guard)", "Coolio (Banker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Batman & Robin_ is fun in exactly one way: Fun to laugh at. It's terrible, God is it terrible, but it's terrible in that right kind of way. Doesn't stop it from being terrible, but does make it worth watching.\r\n\r\nJoel Schumacher delivers us the final nail in the lid of Batman's coffin with none other than George Clooney in the guise of the Caped Crusader, probably the worst on screen Batman we'll ever see. Clooney was actually a pretty inspired choice if you're thinking solely about the billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne, but ask any Batfan and they'll tell you: the character's true identity is Batman, Bruce Wayne is just a mask he wears.\r\n\r\nFinally, this isn't a real complaint but something that I'm going to address anyway: The Batman movie with Batman and Robin is called _Batman Forever_, but the one with Batman, Robin and Batgirl is called just _Batman & Robin_? Go figure.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [414, 364, 268, 1452], "youtube_key": "YH9ju47g4x0"}