{"tmdb_id": 41611, "title": "La Plage d\u00e9serte", "original_title": "Jeopardy", "slug_title": "la-plage-deserte", "date": "1953-03-30", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Doug Stilwin est en vacances au Mexique avec son \u00e9pouse Helen et leur fils Bobby. Alors qu'ils se d\u00e9lassent sur une plage d\u00e9serte, Bobby s'aventure sur une jet\u00e9e en tr\u00e8s mauvais \u00e9tat. La mar\u00e9e commence \u00e0 monter et le gar\u00e7on se retrouve bien vite dans une situation d\u00e9licate. Son p\u00e8re tente alors de venir \u00e0 son secours, mais une poutre s'effondre sous lui. Il se retrouve coinc\u00e9 sous les d\u00e9combres alors que les vagues commencent \u00e0 le submerger. D\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9e, Helen se pr\u00e9cipite pour chercher de l'aide. Dans une station-service, elle rencontre un inconnu et le supplie de se porter \u00e0 son secours. Mal lui en prend. L'homme est un prisonnier en fuite...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AnkJD4stotvKAyJ8lla5A7MA3ov.jpg", "actors": ["Barbara Stanwyck (Helen Stilwin)", "Barry Sullivan (Doug Stilwin)", "Ralph Meeker (Lawson the Fugitive)", "Lee Aaker (Bobby Stilwin)", "Rico Alaniz (Officer at 1st Roadblock)", "Charles Stevens (Mexican Father)", "Juan Torena (Mexican Police Chief)", "Paul Fierro (Mexican Lieutenant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Peligro!\r\n\r\nJeopardy is directed by John Sturges and adapted to screenplay by Mel Dinelli from Maurice Zimm's radio play \"A Question of Time\". It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, Ralph Meeker and Lee Aaker. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Victor Milner.\r\n\r\nRunning just shy of 70 minutes, Jeopardy is a classic lesson in how to garner great suspense from a small cast and set-up. Beginning with jaunty music and the scene setting of a family of three off for a vacation, it's all Americana bliss, but it's not long before fate deals the family some bad cards and we land firmly in thriller territory. The dialogue is safe and assured, with the stars turning in rich characterisations as written, particularly a wonderfully oily Meeker as the villain of the piece. Though very much plein air as a production, a claustrophobic and fraught air grips the play and drags the viewer in wholesale, a sense of cruel luck, danger and ironies hold things in a noir realm. While a turn of events in the narrative is deftly played, the sub-text shattering to the point we don't need to see it to feel it.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately some irritants stop it from hitting the top end of the scale. Daft ironies and highly improbable contrivances chip away at the pic's other strengths, one scene has the son (Aaker) trapped on a dilapidated pier, to which his dad calls out \"stay right where you are\", I mean really, what else was the lad going to do?! Some crude back projection work also dampens down some otherwise nice production touches (Calif locales just lovely), while the ending kinda dilutes a previous moral kicker. But irritants aside, this holds its head up high as a picture well worth investing time in. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36376, 42061, 68976, 25509]}