{"tmdb_id": 416477, "title": "The Big Sick", "original_title": "The Big Sick", "slug_title": "the-big-sick", "date": "2017-06-23", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une aventure d'un soir, le comique de stand-up new-yorkais Kumail et Emily sont fous amoureux. Seul probl\u00e8me: Kumail cache l'existence de son amie \u00e0 ses parents pakistanais tr\u00e8s traditionnels. Ils pr\u00e9f\u00e9reraient voir leur fils \u00e9pouser une jeune fille pakistanaise. Lorsqu'Emily s'en rend compte, elle jure de ne plus jamais revoir Kumail. Mais Emily tombe soudainement malade et se retrouve dans le coma. Tandis que les m\u00e9decins cherchent une solution, Kumail ne la quitte pas un seul instant, au grand d\u00e9sespoir des parents excentriques d'Emily. Progressivement, un lien se cr\u00e9e entre Kumail et les parents d'Emily, qui va totalement changer leur vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xG30LwQYWbpznVqJInTOgffgb85.jpg", "actors": ["Kumail Nanjiani (Kumail Nanjiani)", "Zoe Kazan (Emily Gardner)", "Holly Hunter (Beth Gardner)", "Ray Romano (Terry Gardner)", "Anupam Kher (Azmat Nanjiani)", "Zenobia Shroff (Sharmeen Nanjiani)", "Adeel Akhtar (Naveed Nanjiani)", "Bo Burnham (CJ)", "Aidy Bryant (Mary)", "Kurt Braunohler (Chris)", "Vella Lovell (Khadija)", "Myra Lucretia Taylor (Nurse Judy)", "Jeremy Shamos (Bob Dalavan)", "David Alan Grier (Andy Dodd)", "Ed Herbstman (Sam Highsmith)", "Shenaz Treasury (Fatima Nanjiani)", "Rebecca Naomi Jones (Jesse)", "Kuhoo Verma (Zubeida)", "Mitra Jouhari (Yazmin)", "Celeste Arias (Denise)", "Shana Solomon (Nurse Bette)", "Jeff Blumenkrantz (Dr. Wright)", "Linda Emond (Dr. Cunningham)", "Holly Chou (Dr. Whelan)", "Andrew Pang (Dr. Spellman)", "Alison Cimmet (Dr. Platt)", "Lawrence Ballard (Dr. Lewin)", "Shunori Ramanathan (Sumera)", "Spencer House (Racist Heckler)", "Susham Bedi (Tina (Khadija's Mother))", "Rahul Bedi (Farhan (Khadija's Father))", "Matthew Cardarople (Fast Food Cashier)", "Myra Turley (Waiting Room Person 1)", "William Stephenson (Waiting Room Person 2)", "Marilyn Torres (Waiting Room Person 3)", "Kerry Flanagan (Waiting Room Person 4)", "Jack O'Connell (II) (Waiting Room Person 5)", "Charles Gould (Waiting Room Person 6)", "Isabel Shill (Party Goer 1)", "Lauren Patten (Party Goer 2)", "Keilly McQuail (Party Goer 3)", "Zach Cherry (Party Goer 4)", "Jack Corrigan (Restaurant Boy (uncredited))", "Sophia Muller (Chrissy (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "djdole", "content": "Charmingly funny.\r\nNot a clich\u00e9 comedy at all.\r\nA little heavy on the Uber references, but still a movie that can be watched multiple times.\r\n(Saw at a pre-screening in Seattle.)"}, {"pseudo": "jessetaylor", "content": "A truly funny and immensely heartwarming _While You Were Sleeping_-esque romantic comedy. It's actually not fair to compare this to any other film because the story here is wholly real and not fabricated for the screen. This is Kumail Nanjiani's real life story about how he met his wife and it's incredibly moving.\r\n\r\nWhile Kumail and Zoe are both really great, the heart and soul of the movie is Holly Hunter and Ray Romano. They are truly superb and every scene they share with Kumail while Emily is in the coma is spectacular. I would watch this movie from start to finish again right now if I had it in me - it's incredibly taxing as it's an emotional ride; I cried maybe 4 times throughout the movie.\r\n\r\nIt's amazing how reliably brilliant Holly Hunter always is and I hope she garners some awards attention for this performance. It truly moved me. Her delivery of \"_Do you mind?_\" before she gets into bed with Romano at the end was such a beautiful character moment."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "FULL DISCLOSURE: I saw this while I was working my ass off in a foodtruck at an outdoor cinema. I missed whole chunks of it, and it certainly didn't have my full focus. I'll give it a proper chance at a later date, and alongside that, another review. What I did see of _The Big Sick_ certainly held potential for me, I even had one genuine laugh, but American comedies rarely if ever resonate with me. I know this one plays it at a very different angle to your standard Sandler-esque faire, and I appreciate that, but I wasn't brought in enough from what I caught to get on board.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Not quite for me, but I definitely get the appeal._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Brainwashed!!!**\r\n\r\nHere's the most overrated film, not just for the year, but forever. The title says it all, a big sick flick. Just remember, it was only based on the real, not a biopic. Because they have changed entire storytelling to cinematic convenient. To fool the people from the actual truth. So the terrorists are shown in a good light. Good humans won't support such barbaric people.\r\n\r\nIt's a shame that American Academy Awards recognised it. Only best thing in the film were the Holly Hunter and Ray Ramona. Even in the real life characters, they were brainwashed, along with Emily. Totally skippable film. Instead, I would strongly suggest to watch 'Punching Henry', 'Obvious Child', 'Sleepwalk with me' and even 'The Vow' or you you could find many more in film database. Don't waste your time with it!\r\n\r\n_2/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [394117, 411741, 399170, 489925]}