{"tmdb_id": 417028, "title": "Le Swap", "original_title": "The Swap", "slug_title": "le-swap", "date": "2016-10-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Ellie est une gymnaste accomplie tandis que son fr\u00e8re cadet officie dans le hockey. Lorsque par inadvertance, leurs corps sont \u00e9chang\u00e9s, leurs vies va prendre une toute nouvelle dimension.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4Yhxv6omziQCJks1gZ2Wuhhb3qq.jpg", "actors": ["Peyton List (Ellie O'Brien)", "Jacob Bertrand (Jack Malloy)", "Darrin Rose (Coach Malloy)", "Claire Rankin (Summer)", "Callan Potter (Gunner)", "Jesse Bostick (Stryker)", "Eliana Jones (Aspen Bishop)", "Kiana Madeira (Sassy Gaines)", "Kolton Stewart (Owen)", "James Godfrey (Porter Gibbs)", "Devyn Nekoda (Mackenzie Wick)", "Naomi Snieckus (Coach Carol)", "Linda Kash (Nurse Helen)", "Naya Liviah (Claire)", "Michael Fessaha (Ryan)", "Marcia Johnson (Dr. Baker)", "Valerie Descheneaux (Stylist)", "Mark Hickox (Badminton Coach)", "Danny Smith (Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Be careful what you wish for while texting in the app.**\r\n\r\nThe latest and the second Disney Channel Original Movie of the year 2016. Based on the children's book of the same name. This is a theme that we are all very familiar with. The body swapping concept and you might say not again. But this was not bad, I mean it all begins with an accident and then follows the struggle to get back normal. While doing that, they have to do certain things and that's what this film is about which narrated according to the current world scenario.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of two tenth graders, Ellie and Jack. When their lives get complicated, they text each other the same wish and it becomes true. Soon coming to realise their position, they make a deal to comply with each others lives till find a solution to come out of it. The adventure begins, filled with some fun and sometimes sentimental, till the final to reveal whether they return or not.\r\n\r\nSo I have seen this body swapping thing works with the ancient secret power interference. But this is a simple science fiction, like they used an app to do that. That defines todays trend what the school children upto. Well known concept, but the story was a little different. For the grown ups, it might look an average film, but surely kids would enjoy it.\r\n\r\nThis is a Halloween season film, but released so early. The vierwership was very bad among the Disney Channel Original Movies like from last one decade. I'm a Disney fan, watch all the feature/theatrical films, but not that into the television. So I don't know these small screen actors, though I think they done good. The good thing is it is not a bad film, overall from all the age group perspective, it is very much an acceptable film. The kids definitely should see this, but the adults can do some research before going for it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [317198, 360605, 46064, 138038], "youtube_key": "HTSf-4rDFFo"}