{"tmdb_id": 417141, "title": "Uchathula Shiva", "original_title": "\u0b89\u0b9a\u0bcd\u0b9a\u0ba4\u0bcd\u0ba4\u0bc1\u0bb2 \u0b9a\u0bbf\u0bb5\u0bbe", "slug_title": "uchathula-shiva", "date": "2016-09-16", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "A happy-go-lucky taxi driver gets unexpectedly entangled in a series of problems when he encounters a girl who is on the run for her life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2LmgVIpyTXZwZkioIuQU2nhyoZ0.jpg", "actors": ["Karan (Shiva)", "Neha Ratnakaran (Vidya / Nila)", "Adukalam Naren (Albert)", "N. S. Ramesh Khanna (Sunder)", "Ilavarasu (Ondipuli)", "Sangili Murugan (Accused)", "Kanal Kannan (Special Appearance)", "Kumki Ashwin (Accused)", "Yashmith ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "timesofindia", "content": "An easy-going taxi driver, Shiva (Karan) gives out advice on hygiene and the need to be 'professional' to an idli vendor on street, thus establishing himself as someone with a humanitarian side, in the very first scene. Further, his conversation with Gnanasambandam (who plays himself) in a car and the way he talks to his over-concerned mother over phone (Kovai Sarala's voice) brings him closer to the audience. However, within no time, things go haywire when the story actually kicks off.\r\n\r\nNila (Neha) is being chased by a prominent drug dealer (Naren) in the town, and Shiva comes to her rescue and offers a lift. He tries to contact people who are close to her to ensure safety. Little does he know that he is inviting trouble, as things start going beyond his control. What follows is an unexpected series of incidents, which turn out to be ineffective in keeping the audiences engaged.\r\n\r\nKaran proves his flexibility in a few over-the-top action sequences, and seems at ease in comic scenes, too, while the rest of the cast, including the likes of Naren, Ilavarasu, Ramesh Khanna etc, come up with acts which we have seen enough of from them. One of the songs by Vidyasagar is pleasing, while background score is a bit loud. A few scenes appear wacky, as the filmmaker seems to be confused about whether to approach these sequences in a serious or comical manner. As a result, the audience, too, are left confused."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "45A2h_L024s"}