{"tmdb_id": 417263, "title": "Destin Bris\u00e9 : Britney Spears, l'enfer de la gloire", "original_title": "Britney Ever After", "slug_title": "destin-brise-britney-spears-l-enfer-de-la-gloire", "date": "2017-02-18", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "2.3/10", "synopsis": "En 2008, Britney Spears fait son come-back apr\u00e8s une v\u00e9ritable descente aux enfers. Devant les cam\u00e9ras, elle revient sur son parcours, sa premi\u00e8re tourn\u00e9e avec les NSYNC, ses succ\u00e8s, ses histoires d\u2019amour avec Justin Timberlake, puis Kevin Federline, ses mariages, ses enfants, sa famille. Elle tente aussi d\u2019expliquer pourquoi elle a sombr\u00e9. Port\u00e9e aux nues, puis traqu\u00e9e par les m\u00e9dias, elle a v\u00e9cu toute sa vie sous les projecteurs et se livre \u00e0 nouveau sans concessions \u00e0 l\u2019aube d\u2019un nouveau d\u00e9part.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vo79H0otCBT4jgfAP9yB39eM3ad.jpg", "actors": ["Natasha Bassett (Britney Spears)", "Jenna Berman (Filmmaker)", "Matthew Harrison (James Spears)", "Markian Tarasiuk (Wade Robson)", "Emma Johnson (Alli Sims)", "Jillian Walchuck (Paris Hilton)", "Nathan Keyes (Justin Timberlake)", "Clayton Chitty (Kevin Federline)", "Matt Visser (Joey Fatone)", "Caitlin Mitchell-Markovitch (Hot Girl)", "Laura Carly Miller (Vlogger #3 Glam Rocker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "**Ooops! Lifetime did it again**\r\n\r\nA below mediocre bio-flick about a random star who probably wouldn't had gotten a movie based on their lives if not for Lifetime.\r\n\r\nNot saying that Britney isn't a big enough star for one, but there isn't much substance in her life to create a movie from. She's lived a reasonably 'boring' life compared with other stars, and that gets all too painfully obvious here when the big dramatic punch of the film becomes her shaving her head.\r\n\r\nBritney in the film is portrayed as a very sexual being with the company pretty much forcing her to play the role of a virgin in the media. But as it is a Lifetime production, they have to try to keep things family friendly which becomes quite the conundrum.  \r\n\r\nThey also take away any responsibility of her characters actions and put blame for failed relationship solely on the men in her life. Now some of the men she did date were dodgy characters no doubt but it's literally all here.\r\n\r\nNatasha Basset who plays Britney does okay at best, she was most likely picked more based on the fact that she can imitate Britney's singing quite well more so than act. \r\n\r\nThey can't afford the licenses to any original Britney songs so they have to make do with covers of old songs and one or two Britney-sounding new songs. But that's the most common thing with Lifetime bio-pics.\r\n\r\nNathan Keys as Justin Timberlake is a bit better, he does talk and have the same kind of swag as JT but overall you can't expect to be blown away by any of the performances.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the day, I didn't suffer from watching it but it was not particulary good either. 3.5 or maybe a full on 4 out of 10 if I'm being nice. But I'll definitly not watch it baby one more time."}], "recommandations_id": [290188, 426232], "youtube_key": "notfound"}