{"tmdb_id": 417546, "title": "Fala Comigo", "original_title": "Fala Comigo", "slug_title": "fala-comigo", "date": "2016-10-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Diogo (17) has a little quirk: he likes to call his mother's female therapy patients and masturbate while listening to them on the phone. One of these patients is Angela (43), a woman who was just left by her husband When Diogo calls Angela, she thinks it's her husband calling. She starts having a relationship with the silence on the other end of the line. But when she finds out it's Diogo, she's disgusted. She's furious. But, most of all, she's attracted to this person who showed so much interest in her. The only person who called her every day.  Diogo helps Angela see that she can have a new beginning and she shows him his way to independence. But they have to face a number of obstacles: There's the age difference, Diogo's mother, and, especially, his own path to adulthood.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ePFiF7L9airzDkPwI6txjxG9RV7.jpg", "actors": ["Karine Teles (\u00c2ngela)", "Tom Karabachian (Diogo)", "Denise Fraga (Clarice)", "Em\u00edlio de Mello (Marcos)", "Anita Ferraz (Mariana)", "Daniel Rangel (Guilherme)", "Manoela Dexheimer (Paola)", "Guilherme Guaral (Geraldo)", "Cecilia Hoeltz (Enfermeira)", "Daniel Van Hoogstraten (Professor)", "Chico Suzano (Jos\u00e9)", "S\u00e9rgio Menezes (Cl\u00e1udio)", "Lionel Fisher (Henrique)", "D\u00e9bora Almeida (Enfermeira 2)", "Samuel Vieira (Trabalhador)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [270524, 60142, 57811, 411019], "youtube_key": "notfound"}