{"tmdb_id": 417644, "title": "CHiPs", "original_title": "CHiPS", "slug_title": "chips", "date": "2017-01-16", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Le quotidien du brun t\u00e9n\u00e9breux Francis \"Ponch\" Poncherello et du blond jovial Jon Baker, deux motards de la police de la route californienne.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p6gVihnXUDw0dHERYqqz0P9Npc1.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Pe\u00f1a (Frank 'Ponch' Poncherello)", "Dax Shepard (Jon Baker)", "Jessica McNamee (Lindsey Taylor)", "Rosa Salazar (Ava)", "Kristen Bell (Karen)", "Adam Brody (Clay Allen)", "Ryan Hansen (Brian Grieves)", "Maya Rudolph (Sgt. Hernandez)", "Adam Rodr\u00edguez (Shamus)", "Justin Chatwin (Raymond Reed Kurtz Jr.)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Ray Kurtz)", "Ben Falcone (Bicycle Cop)", "Jane Kaczmarek (Captain Jane Lindel)", "Richard T. Jones (Parish)", "Jackie Tohn (Amy Hansen)", "Mara Marini (Renee)", "Vida Guerra (Ann)", "Arturo del Puerto (Carlos)", "Aly Mawji (Dan)", "Rene Moran (Jose)", "Carly Hatter (Agent Roth)", "John Duff (Barnes)", "Kelly Richardson (Kelly)", "Clay Cullen (Smith)", "Jess Rowland (Rathbun)", "Cameron Cruz (Gale)", "Jamie Bock (Lesley)", "Becky Feldman (Tina)", "Monica Padman (Becky)", "Isiah Whitlock Jr. (Peterson)", "Mae Whitman (Beebee)", "Morgan Krantz (Nate)", "Josh Duhamel (Rick)", "Erik Estrada (Paramedic)", "Cody Banta (Dude 1)", "David Koechner (Pat)", "Phillip Marshall Tyler (Cooper)", "Caitlin Rice (Pretty Gym Girl #1)", "Megalyn Echikunwoke (Patricia Eerly)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cIt\u2019s good for a one time laugh\u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nSo the movie is basically about a pro FED from Mexico acted by Michael Pena very famous for his acting in the movies the Martian and shooter so he joins forces with a newbie cop acted by Dax Shepard both in California highway patrol for the investigation of a heist that involves some corrupt cops \r\nTo say about the story it\u2019s not that great as we have come across lots of movies with this kind of stories and the comedy element really works out for this movie so if we want to keep all the seriousness aside and have a good laugh this movie is the choice \r\nWhen talking about the action in this it does have those elements here and there with a pinch of laugh always as it involves bikes cars helicopters etc.\r\nSo the plot involves quite a bit of action, lots of funny scenes especially Dax shepard when he says jokes without knowing its funny makes us roll with laughter and I even like the combo between Micheal and Dax.\r\nThis movie is an 18+ as there are some nude scenes,\r\nNotable Good acting\r\nDax Shepard (rookie cop) for his spontaneous joke elements \r\nVincent d\u2019onofrio known for his acting in daredevil tv series and men in black\r\nMichael Pena (pro FED agent) for his combo with Dax Shepard\r\nRosa Salazar (cop) known for her acting in the movies maze runner scorch trails and insurgent even if she had a small role in this movie she was noticed out for her tomboy skills\r\nKristen Bell (Dax\u2019s ex wife) known for frozen and the tv series veronica mars she brings out her own funny elements in this movie to make us laugh out loud \r\nGenre: Action, Comedy and Crime \r\nMy Rating: 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A tale of two motorcycle cops!**\r\n\r\nI haven't seen the 70s series from where this film got inspired by. But before that, I had in my mind that it could be a remake of 'Electra Glide in Blue'. Anyway, it was directed and starred in one of the main roles by Dax Shepard. His direction job is not going anywhere. Though all his so far attempts are appreciable. In this film, it was Michael Pena, who led the rest of the characters. He'd done similar roles in other films like 'End of Watch'. But literally, he ruled it by sidelining everybody else in the film, including Dax.\r\n\r\nTwo motorcycle highway patrol cops team up. They are not an ideal match for the job, but they are assigned in that way by their superior. One of them was an ex-motorcycle stuntman and the other one who had lost his partner recently. They begin to investigate a highway robbery that leads them in the right direction. But can they handle those gangmen who have overpowered them in many ways is what brings twist, before ending with a big action sequence.\r\n\r\nA stylish cop flick and a quality presentation, but messed up by its screenplay. The story had a purpose, but the film scenes looked not arranged properly in order. There are many unnecessary scenes, just to bring some comedies. Yeah, some of them were really fun, but the film overwhelmed by bad jokes and random action sequences. The actors were good, though it was only the lead two who were the bright spot in the narration. If you forget all the logics, you could enjoy it. It serves a decent entertainment. Yet when it comes to rating, it won't deserve any big number.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [345922, 345914, 331313, 353070]}