{"tmdb_id": 41769, "title": "Le Bal De L'Horreur 4", "original_title": "Prom Night IV: Deliver Us from Evil", "slug_title": "le-bal-de-l-horreur-4", "date": "1992-02-14", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "En 1957, le P\u00e8re Jonas, pr\u00eatre fanatique convaincu d'avoir re\u00e7u la mission divine de combattre le sexe, surprend deux adolescents en train de faire l'amour et les assassine. L'Eglise \u00e9touffe l'affaire en l'incarc\u00e9rant. Mais, en 1991, le P\u00e8re Jonas parvient \u00e0 \u00e9chapper \u00e0 la vigilance d'un jeune pr\u00eatre. Le dangereux criminel poursuit alors ses m\u00e9faits en pi\u00e9geant quatre \u00e9tudiants venus se retrouver dans son ancienne maison dioc\u00e9saine. Laura et son amant Jeff, Mark qui devait d\u00e9puceler Megan, seront tour \u00e0 tour abominablement masacr\u00e9s. Seule Megan r\u00e9ussira \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper, croyant laisser pour mort le P\u00e8re Jonas...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tjq1iWClSBCfi3SjpVJblOU6q4F.jpg", "actors": ["Nicole de Boer (Meagan)", "J.H. Wyman (Mark)", "Joy Tanner (Laura)", "Alle Ghadban (Jeff)", "Kenneth McGregor (Father Jaeger)", "James Carver (Father Jonas)", "Brock Simpson (Father Colin)", "Krista Bulmer (Lisa)", "Brad Simpson (Rick)", "Phil Morrison (Brad)", "Thea Andrews (Louise)", "Carolyn Tweedle (Sister Jude)", "Ray Sager (Rafe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Four teens go to a cabin-in-the-woods to party (no, really)***\r\n\r\nReleased in early 1992, \u201cProm Night IV: Deliver Us from Evil\u201d is a slasher about a psycho priest who manifests stigmata and has a penchant for slaying fornicating teens. He escapes diocese custody in 1991 and returns to St. Basil Seminar, which has been converted into a vacation home. The only problem is that two teen couples have decided to have an alternative-to-the-prom celebration there.\r\n\r\nThe only two installments from the Prom Night series that are directly related are parts II and III, both of which involve the malevolent spirit of Mary Lou Maloney. Part I features a masked assailant and this one a crazy priest, who\u2019s reminiscent of Marvel\u2019s Foolkiller, which debuted some 18-19 years earlier. In any case, all four films (not including 2008\u2019s \u201cProm Night\u201d) are connected in that they begin with the 1957 prom at Hamilton High School, near Cleveland, Ohio (this location is clearly established in the original film, for anyone who cares).\r\n\r\nThe first half hour of \u201cProm Night IV\u201d focuses on the local diocese and their problems with the cracked priest whom they secretly hold captive in the creepy cellar of a chapel or whatever. I thought this section of the movie was kind of boring but, at the same time, it was a nice change of pace. I liked how this installment returned to the more realistic tone of part I. The story perks up with the two girls, Meagan and Laura, played by brunette cutie Nicole de Boer and blonde tart Joy Tanner, as they prepare to sneak off to the remote summer house of one of their beau\u2019s parents.\r\n\r\nAs you can see, the plot revolves around the conventional horror staple of the cabin-in-the-woods. The good news, however, is that this \u201ccabin\u201d used to be a monastery and so it\u2019s a more interesting setting for the ensuing thrills than a rinky-dink cabin.\r\n\r\nThere are a couple of plot issues though. For instance, the priest doesn\u2019t age a bit in 33 years. Even if he\u2019s possessed by some supernatural force, this wouldn\u2019t stop the normal aging process of the man\u2019s body. I\u2019m assuming that the producers simply didn\u2019t have the funds for the make-up necessary to convincingly make him look like he was in his late-50s. So they said, \u201cWho cares? It\u2019s a friggin\u2019 slasher flick.\u201d Secondly, there\u2019s a crank call that\u2019s stereotypical in this genre and Meagan nonchalantly answers the phone even though the teens aren\u2019t supposed to be at the house in the first place; and her boyfriend, whose parents own it, doesn\u2019t object at all when he later finds out (maybe because he was focused on the matter at hand, lol).\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in the Toronto area.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [41828, 39929, 352037, 126853]}