{"tmdb_id": 417678, "title": "Everything, Everything", "original_title": "Everything, Everything", "slug_title": "everything-everything", "date": "2017-05-18", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire d'amour entre Maddy, adolescente fut\u00e9e, curieuse et inventive, et son voisin Olly. Car m\u00eame si la jeune fille de 18 ans souffre d'une maladie l'emp\u00eachant de quitter l'environnement confin\u00e9 de sa maison, le gar\u00e7on refuse que ces circonstances n'entravent leur idylle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jPJcbxYSGols8fX3bDsrL5jxPv0.jpg", "actors": ["Amandla Stenberg (Maddy Whittier)", "Nick Robinson (Olly Bright)", "Anika Noni Rose (Dr. Pauline Whittier)", "Ana de la Reguera (Carla Romero)", "Taylor Hickson (Kayra Bright)", "Danube R. Hermosillo (Rosa Romero)", "Dan Payne (Joe Bright)", "Fiona Loewi (Mae Bright)", "Robert Lawrenson (Mr. Waterman)", "Peter Benson (Dr. Chase)", "Fran\u00e7oise Yip (Dr. Francis)", "Marion Eisman (Nurse Janet)", "Farryn VanHumbeck (Ruby)", "Allison Riley (Police Officer)", "Sage Brocklebank (Astronaut)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The modern day Rapunzel tale!**\r\n\r\nThere are lots of films to compare with. 'Tangled', 'The Space Between Us' to all the cancer themed films. Yet it is still unique with the reasons it reveals. But highly influenced by Rapunzel tale. Well written and directed, along with the performances. It was not your regular teen romance. It had depth in romance, but the balance between the main two characters were lacking. That did not do any bad for the film. Since it was told from the girl's perspective.\r\n\r\nA teen girl with SCID had never left the house almost all of her life. But that is going to change when a new neighbours moves in. The new boy shows interest in her, and so she's. So they develop a friendship through texting. In the next stage of their relationship, things changes and makes them go crazy. Regarding the medical condition of the girl, how the love perspective of this young couple shapes was told in the remaining.\r\n\r\nGoing by trivia, I think I've missed so many things from the original source. So I'm thinking to read the book now. Because to learn more from the boy's perspective. Yet the film was nice and cute, made nothing wrong to dislike it. Being simple and/or altered to cinematic version is always welcomed by me. There young actors were awesome. It is definitely an under-rated film. Like usual forget the film critics and follow what the film fanatics says. Especially if you are a youngster, you should watch it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [419478, 454983, 466282, 397837]}