{"tmdb_id": 417739, "title": "The Other Side of the Mountain", "original_title": "The Other Side of the Mountain", "slug_title": "the-other-side-of-the-mountain", "date": "2012-10-17", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Guerre"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "During the Korean War, a young nurse in the small town of Chunamri, North Korea, saves a wounded South Korean soldier who has been left behind during battle. Brought together by the unfortunate circumstance of war, theirs is a fateful meeting. His identity is unknown to her until he must return to South Korea. With the promise to return, the nurse waits a lifetime for him. Separated by war and countries between them, the young man tries everything to get back to the North but diplomatic relations between countries make it impossible for their reunion. As the years go by and their youth slips away from them, he finally gets an unexpected opportunity to fulfill his wish and return to her. But reunions are not easy and after years apart, they are met with more tragedy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qc4mWNVrALkpdNdbvNGS6TEAbcm.jpg", "actors": ["Hyang Suk Kim (Son Ah Song)", "Ryung Min Kim (Il Gyu Ri)", "Jung Taik Park (Su Jin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Marcos Gonzalez Pardo", "content": "I rate this movie a 10 out of 10 because it is (in my humble opinion) an awesome achievement.\r\n\r\nThis is a movie made by a Korean-American philanthropist, entirely made IN and WITH North Korea.\r\n\r\nImagine making a period war movie today in North Korea, where they barely have enough food to eat. There are no special effects in this movie. Everything you see is real. The have no squibs or CGI, or breakaway glass, the bullet hits and bomb blasts are real explosions.\r\n\r\nYes the story was obviously tampered with by one or another of the Kim Jongs but that made it only more interesting to my eyes, the deliberate propaganda is easy to see through and all the more telling as a result.\r\n\r\nIf you watch this movie with this in mind, I guarantee you an eye-popping experience. \r\n\r\n\u2013 Jeffery Lando from Vancouver, Canada"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "B6urWBk1tFY"}