{"tmdb_id": 417877, "title": "Baked in Brooklyn", "original_title": "Baked in Brooklyn", "slug_title": "baked-in-brooklyn", "date": "2016-10-14", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "A recent college graduate decides to sell marijuana on the streets of Manhattan after losing his job at a consulting firm. He soon meets the girl of his dreams. With an unsupportive girlfriend, an increase of clienteles, and the growing threats of being caught or killed, he soon realizes he is in way over his head.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/49NU41wlplMxk4Txtw7T0aqk8BM.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Brener (David)", "Alexandra Daddario (Kate)", "Lindsey Broad (MJ)", "Paul Iacono (Mike)", "Al Sapienza (David's Boss)", "Tovah Feldshuh (David's Mom)", "Joe Grifasi (David's Dad)", "Chris Northrop (Sean)", "Emma Holzer ()", "Michael Rivera (Ace)", "Nicole Rutigliano (Nic)", "Tyrone Brown (Joe)", "Kitty (Eliza)", "Mark LaMura (Riff Raff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Choosing something else over a most beautiful woman.**\r\n\r\nA much better film than I thought. Looks more like a television film, mainly because of the cast, except hottie Daddario. Yeah, I was interested in this because of none other than her, otherwise a skippable film. But the story was good. Not the greatest one, though for this kind of production, it fared well. And I think you should expect similarly to get a better experience out of it.\r\n\r\nThis is the story of a geek who has a decent life with a well paid job. It is until a girl enters his life, which changes forever. He discovers the alternate way to cope with what he'd lost recently. And his romantic life going to be doomed even before getting it started with a most beautiful woman he had ever dreamed of. So what comes further explains his future from all the aspects of his life.\r\n\r\nI thought it would be a bakery related theme as I misread the title. Sometimes that's good, because to overtake over expectations. Good performances by all the cast, but like I said Alexandra Daddario could be the reason for many like me to have a peek on this film and it is worth apart from that case. You might see it rated average, but I think it is much better than that if you are honest with your experience of watching it. Surely once watchable film.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [17236, 39213, 241071, 74718], "youtube_key": "mnvluj1ofGk"}