{"tmdb_id": 418078, "title": "It Comes at Night", "original_title": "It Comes at Night", "slug_title": "it-comes-at-night", "date": "2017-06-09", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Alors que le monde est en proie \u00e0 une menace terrifiante, un homme vit reclus dans sa propri\u00e9t\u00e9 totalement isol\u00e9e avec sa femme et son fils. Quand une famille aux abois cherche refuge dans sa propre maison, le fragile \u00e9quilibre qu'il a mis en place est soudain boulevers\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h9VOirT4dKXzVyVzZZxPfAghmRV.jpg", "actors": ["Joel Edgerton (Paul)", "Christopher Abbott (Will)", "Carmen Ejogo (Sarah)", "Kelvin Harrison Jr. (Travis)", "Riley Keough (Kim)", "Griffin Robert Faulkner (Andrew)", "David Pendleton (Bud)", "Chase Joliet (Man #2)", "Mick O'Rourke (Man #1)", "Mikey (Stanley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I don't need happy endings in my movies. A downer ending is often what makes a movie great. But I do like satisfactory ones. _It Comes at Night_ did not give that to me. Mystery is often its own reward, and I do believe that's what writer/director Trey Edward Shults was going for here, but it didn't wind up hit that resonant for me. This particular movie felt like it wasn't about the journey, it was about the destination, and we essentially didn't get one.\r\n\r\nJoel Edgerton is fantastic of course, but any one of the other actors could have been as well, we'll never know because they were never given that opportunity. Which really says it all with _It Comes at Night_. There seemed like there was something very worthwhile just on the other side of the veil, but we'll never know, because we never got to see it. And with cinema, if we didn't see it, does it really count?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It's always family first in the apocalyptic world!**\r\n\r\nIt was not what I was expecting, enjoyed it though. The trailer, the posters hints something else. So I thought it could be a horror, but it was even a terror or a thriller flick. Well, there were a few occasions where it was edgy, though in the most of the film nothing really happened. Slow but not boring. A simple storyline, limited cast and a apocalyptic theme. Surely you would have seen hundreds of this kind, so when you watch it, you won't find anything new out of it. Then remains the question, is it any worth!\r\n\r\nI liked a simple take. Just like the film 'The Survivalist'. A small family living in an isolated place, but very precautious about any outside threat. The world is infected with an unknown disease and people are dying everywhere. Recently they had buried one of their family members. So they are not taking any chances with anyone. But now after a terrifying encounter, another family joins them and how things go on from there are the rest of the tale to tell us with a small twist.\r\n\r\nWell, you won't see Joel Edgerton doing a solo film often. But this was a different, because of a small budget and the kind of narration. He did good and so the rest his co-stars. Firstly, it was not a horror film. Then there were a few intentional scenes to scare the viewers, but it wasn't anywhere near to scary. I've watched the whole film and I still don't know what comes at night. Dreams? Nightmares? Looks that's what it implies. Other than that it is a drama film with a little thrill. It can be watched nothing more than once.\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [313922, 378018, 428449, 397243], "youtube_key": "o-0hcF97wy0"}