{"tmdb_id": 418289, "title": "The Feminine Touch", "original_title": "The Feminine Touch", "slug_title": "the-feminine-touch", "date": "1995-01-01", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Jenny Baron (Paige Turco) is a beautiful investigative reporter swept into a deadly conspiracy that reaches to the highest levels of the government. When she is assigned to get the story of charismatic Presidential candidate Senator Ashton (George Segal), her job is complicated by a string of political assassinations and attempts. After her lover (Dirk Benedict) is killed, things get personal. Jenny finds herself in possession of a computer disk that holds a list of powerful politicians marked for elimination, and the key to the massive web of death and deceit \u2014\u2014 and now she's next on the list of targets! Pursued by hitmen and hunted by police, if she survives, she may discover a truth she's not prepared to accept.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fExqKkqddJbkhtdSv5CM3gMgGEL.jpg", "actors": ["Paige Turco (Jennifer Barron)", "Dirk Benedict (John Mackie)", "George Segal (Sen. Beau Ashton)", "Elliott Gould (Sen. George M. Kohn)", "Conrad Janis (Frank Donaldsonn)", "Bo Hopkins (Capt. Hogan)", "Lois Nettleton (Pigeon)", "Virginia Capers (Mama)", "Richard Kline (Stan Jacobs)", "Jay Baker (Det. Jimmy McGraw)", "Melissa Moore (Tall Blonde)", "April Breneman (Woman on Balcony)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}