{"tmdb_id": 418937, "title": "Resnick: Rough Treatment", "original_title": "Resnick: Rough Treatment", "slug_title": "resnick-rough-treatment", "date": "1993-07-25", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A kilo of cocaine. Hardly what two small-time crooks were expecting to find when they broke into TV director Harold Roy's shabby mansion. But nor was Harold's frustrated wife expecting to fall in love with one of the intruders. Now she's going to make a deal with him - for both her husband and the drugs. But the precious powder belongs to someone else. And he wants it back. So if he feels he's been double-crossed, there's no telling what might happen.  Detective Inspector Resnick has a hunch that there's more to this story than meets the eye. And as his investigations lead him down the mean streets of the TV industry and an inner-city drugs ring, it's obvious that more than one person is dancing on thin ice", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dPnEzQwhJdPC4T1X6DSavsrkOfd.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Wilkinson (DI Charlie Resnick)", "Paul Bazely (DC Dipak Patel)", "Janie Booth ()", "Laura Brattan ()", "Jim Carter ()", "Edward Clayton ()", "Sean Connolly ()", "Neil Dudgeon ()", "Nick Dunning ()", "Kate Eaton (DC Lynn Kellogg)", "Frank Ellis ()", "Tom Georgeson ()", "Sheila Gish ()", "Michael N. Harbour ()", "Diana Hardcastle ()", "Carol Harvey ()", "Del Henney (DI Reg Cossall)", "David Hounslow ()", "William Ivory (DC Mark Divine)", "Paul Jesson (Det Chief Supt Jack Skelton)", "Rachael Joseph ()", "Gail Kemp ()", "Susan Leong ()", "Karen Lewis ()", "Roger Martin ()", "Helena McCarthy ()", "Philip McGough ()", "David Neilson (DS Graham Millington)", "Leonard Preston ()", "Daniel Ryan (DC Kevin Naylor)", "Mark Spalding ()", "James Tomlinson ()", "Ronan Vibert ()", "Patricia Wilcock ()", "Vincent Wong ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}