{"tmdb_id": 419858, "title": "Captain Kate", "original_title": "Captain Kate", "slug_title": "captain-kate", "date": "1911-07-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Two caravans meet on the desert, one headed by Howell and Clancy, two New York men, who are gathering animals for circus purposes, the other is led by an old animal tamer named Desmond and his beautiful daughter, whom the natives have nicknamed Capt. Kate. After exchanging cards, the caravans go their separate ways. Desmond is stricken and dies, leaving Kate alone. She assumes her father's perilous business, leading her party of native hunters after big game. Later, one of the hunters is stricken and the superstitious followers of Capt. Kate, recognizing the nature of the disease, abandon the hunt and their leader, one servant alone remaining faithful to his mistress. Kate, realizing that she can go no further without assistance, calls a halt and they erect a crude hut in which she is to live, while the servant goes in search of Clancy. Scene of Kate's isolated life and her dangers follow. She is besieged by wild animals, who make her life a long nightmare of peril.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dKobvH0MRYZyTIpAwi2meqSgNqF.jpg", "actors": ["Kathlyn Williams (Captain Kate)", "Charles Clary (Clancy)", "Frank Weed (John Howell)", "Frank Smith (Desmond)", "Tom Mix (Loyal Native)", "Tom Anderson (Ali Ben)", "Tom Anderson (Ali Ben)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}