{"tmdb_id": 419895, "title": "Everything Comes to Him Who Waits", "original_title": "Everything Comes to Him Who Waits", "slug_title": "everything-comes-to-him-who-waits", "date": "1912-02-21", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Cud McGiven applies for employment in a Bowery restaurant. The restaurant is conducted by a German, who engages Cud. Whenever Cud finds himself alone in the pantry he exercises his mania for juggling plates with disastrous results to the crockery. Every time the proprietor bears a crash he is Johnny-on-the-spot and takes out his little book to jot down the damage and charge it to Cud. At last the proprietor loses all patience and decides to discharge Cud. Accordingly he summons him to his private office and demands a settlement of the broken dishes and spoiled food. Cud is unable to see the situation this way at all. The disagreement waxes hot and furious and Cud in revenge breaks all the dishes in the pantry. The riot brings the frightened guests to their feet, where they stand spellbound at seeing a half of the waiters flee before the burly Cud, who is flinging plates after them with the accuracy of a baseball pitcher.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["William Wadsworth (The German Restaurant Owner)", "Charles Ogle (Cud McGiven - the Waiter)", "Yale Benner (Waiter)", "Edward O'Connor (Waiter)", "Edward Boulden (Waiter)", "Julian Reed (Waiter)", "Arthur Housman (Waiter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}