{"tmdb_id": 41996, "title": "L'Homme en gris", "original_title": "The Man in Grey", "slug_title": "l-homme-en-gris", "date": "1943-08-06", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Romance", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "En 1943, une jeune femme faisant partie de la marine britannique et un pilote de la R.A.F. font connaissance lors de la vente des biens de la famille Rohan, dont le dernier membre m\u00e2le vient de trouver la mort \u00e0 Dunkerque. Apr\u00e8s que le pilote a tenu des propos calomnieux sur ladite famille, la jeune femme lui r\u00e9v\u00e8le que le dernier des Rohan \u00e9tait en fait son fr\u00e8re\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/empQB6QW85QJUfKSO5TkxNKwcI1.jpg", "actors": ["Margaret Lockwood (Hesther Shaw)", "Phyllis Calvert (Clarissa Marr)", "James Mason (Lord Rohan)", "Stewart Granger (Peter Rokeby)", "Harry Scott (Toby)", "Martita Hunt (Miss Patchett)", "Helen Haye (Lady Rohan)", "Beatrice Varley (Gipsy)", "Raymond Lovell (The Prince Regent)", "Nora Swinburne (Mrs. Fitzherbert)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Gypsy Portent and the Woman of Deadly Nightshade. \r\n\r\nThe Man in Grey is directed by Leslie Arliss and adapted to screenplay by Margaret Kennedy and Doreen Montgomery from the novel of the same name written by Eleanor Smith. It stars Margaret Lockwood, James Mason, Phyllis Calvert and Stewart Granger. Music is By Cedric Mallabey and cinematography by Arthur Crabtree. \r\n\r\nA forerunner of Gainsborough\u2019s Wicked Women movies, The Man in Grey is a delicious slice of British noir pie.  \r\n\r\nProudly decked out in period attire, story is ripe with dastards, narcissists, connivers, the selfish and the cruel. Headed up by Mason\u2019s Lord Rohan and Lockwood\u2019s Hesther Shaw, these people will stop at nothing to get what they want in life. It doesn\u2019t matter who is around them, friends and family etc, if they can in any way hinder their respective selfish goals then they will be trampled upon and not a further thought will be given. It all simmers to the boiling point where lives will not just be ruined, but also ended. \r\n\r\nThe four principal players are great, their respective careers well on the way to leaving behind considerable bodies of work. Arliss (The Night Has Eyes) keeps the story simple in spite of the many character strands and traits jostling for meaty exposure, and photographer Crabtree (Waterloo Road) accentuates the miserablist ambiance with sharp black and white lensing.  \r\n\r\nThe use of blackface on white actors is awfully out dated, as is some of the dialogue, but don\u2019t hold these things against The Man in Grey. It\u2019s a darn fine bodice botherer, resplendent with characters straight out of noir\u2019s dark alleyways. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [97030, 85677, 81678, 43693]}