{"tmdb_id": 420014, "title": "The Meeting of the Ways", "original_title": "The Meeting of the Ways", "slug_title": "the-meeting-of-the-ways", "date": "1912-01-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Tom and Dick are brothers and are being educated at the same college. Tom is a studious fellow and graduates with honors, while Dick is expelled from college through misbehavior. Dick is ashamed to go home, but before leaving Tom gives him a locket containing a picture of their mother. Ten years later Tom, who is a successful lawyer, is married and has two little children. Dick, who has now been reduced through personal neglect to a derelict, overhears a plan to rob his brother's house. Making up his mind to prevent it, Dick climbs through the nursery window, catches the burglars, but effects their escape. His two little nieces, who have been watching him, kiss and hug him before he makes his exit. When their parents return from the reception they attended, the children relate to them what had happened. Dick gets into a scrape with a gambler a month or two later, who laughs at the miniature of his mother that Dick puts up in lieu of cash.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Maurice Costello (Tom - an Honest Attorney)", "Leo Delaney (Dick - Tom's Dissolute Brother)", "Julia Swayne Gordon (Tom's Wife)", "Dolores Costello (One of Tom's Children)", "Helene Costello (One of Tom's Children)", "Harry T. Morey (The Gambler)", "Charles Eldridge ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}