{"tmdb_id": 420245, "title": "Baba Yaga", "original_title": "Don't Knock Twice", "slug_title": "baba-yaga", "date": "2017-02-03", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Jess est une artiste de renom. Si en apparence tout semble lui sourire, elle rencontre de s\u00e9rieuses difficult\u00e9s avec sa fille de 17 ans, Chlo\u00e9, avec qui elle ne parvient plus \u00e0 communiquer. La jeune femme est convaincue d'\u00eatre hant\u00e9e par une entit\u00e9 d\u00e9moniaque qui annonce sa pr\u00e9sence en frappant deux fois aux portes : un premier coup avant de vous tourmenter, un second coup avant de vous emporter en enfer. Alors que Jess tente de ramener Chlo\u00e9 \u00e0 la raison, d'\u00e9tranges ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes commencent \u00e0 survenir..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2YrVaHhT1BlIddBKV3LKgsm3nUn.jpg", "actors": ["Katee Sackhoff (Jess)", "Lucy Boynton (Chloe)", "Javier Botet (Ginger Special)", "Nick Moran (Detective Boardman)", "Pooneh Hajimohammadi (Tira)", "Jordan Bolger (Danny)", "Callum Griffiths (Michael)", "Ania Marson (Mary Aminov)", "David Broughton-Davies (Caretaker)", "Lee Fenwick (Middle Aged Man)", "Richard Mylan (Ben)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "**Don't watch twice (or even once)**\r\n\r\nI like Katee Sackoff, she's usually alot better than the movies she's in though and here is no exception.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts out reasonably watchable, albeit very slow but still has enough creepy (albeit never truly scary) atmosphere to go around.\r\n\r\nLast 30 minutes was one big old mess though, what started as something really simple just did a 360 and became all over the place adding multiple twists changes in tone and pace and a bag of chips plus a couple burritos. Well not really but you know.\r\n\r\nThe first hour I'd probably give 5/10 last 30 minutes was more 3/10 territory."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Seeing as Katee Sackhoff was the best part of Don't Knock Twice, it might have worked in the movie's favour if the mother/daughter element was the focus, instead of just the backdrop for some oldhat horror.\r\n\r\nCreepiest part was when John Wick ate a baby.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Knock knock! Oops, I just knocked twice!**\r\n\r\nSurprised to see some people actually liked it. If you have seen plenty of horrors, then this is nothing special. Just an average flick. The only plus point was, it was from Britain. If it was made in Hollywood, I would have bashed it from all the angles. Because there's no excuse like it was based on some book. So when someone writes, for a film, we expect something fresh, not refresh or repetition.\r\n\r\nIt was a common platform. That's about a local legend. When a teen couple set to test one of the stories they have heard, it puts them in an extreme position. Later the girl joins her mother who had just returned to the town to win her back. Now they both try to escape from the supernatural threat. How much they succeed and the rest of the tale follows with a twist before the end.\r\n\r\nThe same initiation, build up and conclusion as any horror film. Watchable film, but not any good. They even hinted about a sequel during the end, which I think never should go ahead, after seeing how ordinary this film was. Horror is the least average rated genre from collection and this is no surprise to join those low rating club. I don't know, that you might decently like it or maybe not, but I'm not suggesting or say ignore it.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [364116, 404584, 301804, 241258]}