{"tmdb_id": 42040, "title": "Le roi David", "original_title": "King David", "slug_title": "le-roi-david", "date": "1985-03-29", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Vers 1030 avant J\u00e9sus-Christ. Sa\u00fcl, plac\u00e9 \u00e0 la t\u00eate du peuple d'Isra\u00ebl par le proph\u00e8te Samuel, se fait proclamer roi. Il suscite le courroux divin en tuant les Amal\u00e9cites. Samuel, subordonn\u00e9 \u00e0 la volont\u00e9 divine, d\u00e9savoue le mauvais roi et donne l'onction \u00e0 David, le nouvel \u00e9lu de Yahv\u00e9, un simple berger, fils de Jess\u00e9. Fascin\u00e9 par le jeune homme, Sa\u00fcl le convie \u00e0 sa cour. David se fait remarquer dans la lutte contre les Philistins en terrassant le g\u00e9ant Goliath avec sa fronde. Jaloux, Sa\u00fcl le met bient\u00f4t en disgr\u00e2ce. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'amiti\u00e9 de Jonathan, le fils de Sa\u00fcl, David parvient \u00e0 s'enfuir dans le d\u00e9sert. Il demande asile aux Philistins. L'apprenant, Sa\u00fcl, ivre de rage, leur d\u00e9clare la guerre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7hLFttZVKGoPzrnaA6Cf2HuW1QJ.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Gere (King David)", "Edward Woodward (King Saul)", "Denis Quilley (Prophet Samuel)", "Alice Krige (Bathsheba)", "Cherie Lunghi (Michal)", "John Castle (Abner)", "George Eastman (Goliath)", "Tom\u00e1s Mili\u00e1n (Akiss (uncredited))", "Niall Buggy (Nathan)", "Hurd Hatfield (Ahimelech)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Good but lacks the detail to make it great*** \r\n\r\nDavid is my favorite biblical character aside from JC himself. I never tire of reading the events of his life: the trials & perseverance, the agonies & ecstasies, the successes and failures.\r\n\r\n\"King David\" (1985) stars Richard Gere in the titular role and covers the bulk of the events. You\u2019ll see all the following happenings in the picture:\r\n\r\nSamuel's choosing of David as successor to King Saul; Israel's battles with the Philistines; the fight with the hulking Goliath and David's victory with a sling shot; David playing his harp to soothe Saul's torment; Saul's increasing jealousy and hatred of \u201cthe man after God\u2019s own heart\u201d; David & Jonathan's brotherly love; David's wandering in the wilderness with his men, fleeing Saul; his stealing of Saul's spear while he sleeps in a cave, sparing him; Saul's suicide; David dancing in his skivvies when the Ark of the Covenant is brought into Jerusalem; Michal's love and, later, hatred of David (as he dances before the LORD); David secretly ogling the nude Bathsheba bathing from his palace roof and the ensuing adultery; David's indirect murder of Uriah (Bathsheba's husband) and Nathan's rebuke; Amnon's rape of his half-sister Tamar; Absalom's justified slaying of his half-brother Amnon; Absalom's stealing of the Israelite's hearts; Absalom's death and David's grieving\r\n\r\nThe film is worthwhile if you desire to see these numerous events depicted before your eyes. The cast, sets, costumes, locations and filmmaking are for the most part of the highest order for 1985. Edward Woodward is excellent as the jealous and bitter King Saul, even though he lacks Saul's height (as he was a head taller than any other Israelite). Most aspects of the David/Goliath challenge are great, like the troops shown on two separate hills. Cherie Lunghi possesses an intelligent and unique beauty as David\u2019s first wife, Michal, while Alice Krige is beautiful as Bathsheba.\r\n\r\nDespite the numerous events covered in David's life, the film only runs 1 hour and 50 minutes before the closing credits. The problem with this is that there's at least 3 hours of material and shortening it down to less than 2 hours prevents the viewer from being captivated by the myriad characters and happenings. This will leave some struggling to connect with the people and their stories. \r\n\r\nRegardless of the numerous events flying by, the film has a bit of a lazy vibe. There's very little spectacle like \"The Ten Commandments,\u201d but it\u2019s more realistic. David was a ruddy and handsome man, according to the Bible, and Gere is quite good in the role.  Yet David was a very passionate, a \"man after God's own heart, which is effectively shown in some parts, like what he does with the model of the Temple at the end, but not in others, like when the boy fights Goliath there's zero passion and righteous ferocity as seen in the Biblical account (e.g. \"Who is this uncircumcised Philistine who would defy the armies of the living God?!!\"). Plus the film doesn't show the serious trash-talking that went back and forth between the two. The fight's just too low-key.\r\n\r\nAlthough the gist of the story is accurate there are inaccuracies that some nitpick, e.g. Goliath challenged David and the Israelites himself, he didn't speak through another man; David picked up stones before going out to fight the giant, not while fighting him; Absalom waited a long time before slaying Amnon, he didn't do it immediately; etc. Changes like these aren't that big of a deal and were made for dramatic or condensing reasons.\r\n\r\nSomeone criticized the film for showing Bathsheba at fault for seducing David. Actually, they both shared fault equally. Everyone in Jerusalem knew the king stayed home while the troops were out fighting, so Bathsheba was likely fully aware that the king could catch a tantalizing glimpse of her while she was bathing on the nearby roof. Besides, even though David was the king, she could have said 'no' when the proposition of adultery later presented itself. In other words, she was both into it and into David.\r\n\r\nI've seen \"King David\" four times now and enjoy it every time. It's a well-done cinematic account of David's life for 1985 with a kinda weak ending. But the picture cuts off more than it can chew in a mere 1 hour and 54 minutes, leaving the viewer detached from the characters and events beyond David, in particular those who know little about the biblical account.\r\n\r\nBut don't listen to those who give this film an absurdly low rating. They're way off. It's good; it just lacks the detail to make it great. Nevertheless, I\u2019d watch \u201cKing David\u201d any day over the overrated \u201cBraveheart.\u201d\r\n\r\nThe movie was shot in Italy with studio stuff done Pinewood Studios, London.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [17926, 18434, 273509, 31605], "youtube_key": "ocE-Zs2E3Kc"}