{"tmdb_id": 42062, "title": "La p\u00e9niche d'amour", "original_title": "Moontide", "slug_title": "la-peniche-d-amour", "date": "1942-05-29", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Romance", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Bobo vit sur une p\u00e9niche et vend des app\u00e2ts \u00e0 poissons. Tiny, un parasite qui le fait chanter depuis que Bobo est persuad\u00e9 d' avoir \u00e9trangl\u00e9 un homme quelques ann\u00e9es plus t\u00f4t,lui apprend que le vieux Pop Kelly a \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9 par strangulation dans le bar m\u00eame o\u00f9 il se trouvait la veille au soir, mais Bobo ne se souvient de rien et doute de son innocence. Peu apr\u00e8s, sur la plage, il sauve Anna, une jeune fille qui voulait se suicider et la ram\u00e8ne sur la p\u00e9niche. Ils tombent amoureux et bient\u00f4t d\u00e9cident de se marier. Le jour du mariage, Bobo est appel\u00e9 par le docteur Brothers pour une r\u00e9paration de son canot \u00e0 moteur. Pendant cette absence, Tiny, qui n'avait pas \u00e9t\u00e9 invit\u00e9, surgit devant Anna et cherche \u00e0 la violer.Elle s' \u00e9vanouit. La croyant morte, Tiny tente de se d\u00e9barrasser de son corps en la jetant dans le r\u00e9servoir d'app\u00e2ts puis il s'enfuit. \u00c0 son retour, Bobo transporte Anna \u00e0 l'h\u00f4pital et part \u00e0 la recherche de Tiny...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7MkyB1wpx2SgVbjLAvHl4kDuSJc.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Gabin (Bobo)", "Ida Lupino (Anna)", "Thomas Mitchell (Tiny)", "Claude Rains (Nutsy)", "Jerome Cowan (Dr. Frank Brothers)", "Helene Reynolds (Woman on boat)", "Ralph Byrd (Rev. Wilson)", "William Halligan (\"Charlie\", the Bartender)", "Victor Sen Yung (Jimmy Takeo)", "Chester Gan (Henry Hirota)", "Arthur Aylesworth (Pop Kelly)", "Arthur Hohl (Hotel Desk Clerk)", "Tully Marshall (Simpson)", "Vera Lewis (Mrs. Simpson)", "Robin Raymond (Mildred)", "Paul E. Burns (General Store Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sunnyside Up and Red Dot.\r\n\r\nMoontide is directed by Archie Mayo and adapted to screenplay by John O'Hara from the novel written by Willard Robertson. Its stars Jean Gabin, Ida Lupino, Thomas Mitchell and Claude Rains. Music is by David Buttolph and Cyril J. Mockridge, with cinematography by Charles G. Clarke.\r\n\r\nSometimes weird, sometimes wonderful, but also wasteful, Moontide is a choppy experience. Hindered by production code strong arming and Fritz Lang and Lucien Ballard leaving the initial production, there's an over whelming feeling of what might have been. Story finds Gabin as Bobo, a salty sailor type living and working at the quayside, he likes a drink and after one particularly boozy night he wakes to think he may have killed somebody. Inconvenient since a troubled lady he helped has started to impact greatly on his life.\r\n\r\nPilot Fish Pondering.\r\n\r\nStory is absorbing by way of the characters, around Bobo is Tiny (Mitchell), who is a leech by way of having a hold over Bobo. Then there's Nutsy (Rains), who not as his name suggests, is something of an intellectual, while Anna (Lupino) has attempted suicide and on whose appearance sets in motion a chain of dramatic events. All characters operate in and around the waterside, rubbing shoulders with various unseemly types, and it's this setting, with the tech craft on show, that grips from the get go.\r\n\r\nMost scenes are filtered through film noir lenses, with mists constant, dim lights prominent, and the glistening of the water belies the darker edges in the play. A drunken hallucinogenic dream is Dali in effect, which is one of a number of strange scenes throughout, of which is where we find the bizarre sight of Tiny whipping Nutsy in the shower! Certain touchy things are inferred delicately, and conversations are never less than attention holding. If only the plot wasn't so erratic, with so many infuriatingly dangled carrots, then we could have had a higher end proto noir to savour.\r\n\r\nSplendidly performed, though, with Mitchell and Lupino not playing to their usual types, and the visuals a real treat for the so inclined of noirish persuasion (Clarke was Oscar Nominated for his work), giving us just enough to have a good time with. Still can't help hankering for Lang and Ballard though... 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26385, 123665, 61430, 56557]}