{"tmdb_id": 42061, "title": "Street of Chance", "original_title": "Street of Chance", "slug_title": "street-of-chance", "date": "1942-10-03", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ndsUisDXYUb6oUqAjW6TVCa2NoM.jpg", "actors": ["Burgess Meredith (Frank Thompson / Danny Nearing)", "Claire Trevor (Ruth Dillon)", "Louise Platt (Virginia Thompson)", "Sheldon Leonard (Detective Joe Marruci)", "Frieda Inescort (Alma Diedrich)", "Jerome Cowan (Bill Diedrich)", "Adeline De Walt Reynolds (Grandma Diedrich)", "Arthur Loft (Sheriff Lew Stebbins)", "Clancy Cooper (Burke)", "Paul Phillips (Schoeder)", "Keith Richards (Intern)", "Ann Doran (Miss Peabody)", "Cliff Clark (Policeman Ryan)", "Edwin Maxwell (Stillwell, the District Attorney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "As luck would have it\u2026\r\n\r\n\r\nStreet of Chance is directed by Jack Hively and adapted to screenplay by Garrett Fort from the novel \"The Black Curtain\" written by Cornell Woolrich. It stars Burgess Meredith, Claire Trevor, Louise Platt, Sheldon Leonard, Frieda Inescort and Jerome Cowan. Music is by David Buttolph and cinematography by Theodor Sparkuhl. \r\n\r\nAfter being felled by falling wreckage from a New York building, Frank Thompson (Meredith) awakes in the street to find he has some sort of amnesia and his life may not be as he thought. As he starts to piece together his life he comes to realise he may have committed a murder and is actually on the run! \r\n\r\nAn early entry in the original film noir cycle, Street of Chance takes what would become a familiar film noir theme, amnesia, and seasons it with betrayal and the vagaries of fate. It's also a point of interest to note that it's the first filmic adaptation of one of noir hero Woolrich's literary works, while the visual marker set here by Sparkuhl (Among the Living) signposts the influence of German Expressionism on the noir film making style. The visuals range from low lighted cramped rooms to the various diagonal and vertical shadows that psychologically patternize the spaces inhabited by the lead characters. \r\n\r\nThe story itself is not so hot, once the narrative settles into a steady and unspectacular rhythm, as the key ladies in Frank Thompson's life come into play, there's a distinct lack of mystery or suspense. Which is a shame as the acting is of good quality even if the principals aren't asked to stretch their respective thespian skills. Still, with the visuals so strong and the satisfying Woolrich feel to proceedings (though the finale is changed here from that of the novel), it's worth seeking out by noiristas. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37039, 61960, 35958, 37195]}