{"tmdb_id": 42077, "title": "My Name Is Julia Ross", "original_title": "My Name Is Julia Ross", "slug_title": "my-name-is-julia-ross", "date": "1945-11-08", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Une agence recherche une jeune femme, sans famille et sans attache sentimentale, pour un poste de secr\u00e9taire. Julia Ross, qui correspond \u00e0 ces crit\u00e8res, se pr\u00e9sente. Elle fait la connaissance de Mrs Hughes et de son fils. Bien vite, l'affaire est r\u00e9gl\u00e9e et la directrice de l'agence offre le th\u00e9 \u00e0 tout ce monde. Mais la tasse de la jeune femme contient un puissant narcotique. Lorsqu'elle reprend ses esprits, Julia Ross se trouve dans une des chambres de la demeure des Hughes, une alliance au doigt... \u00c0 partir de cet instant, sa vie va basculer dans un hallucinant cauchemar...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/chTO5mqs0avT3ktFTtWfLgN2ZOa.jpg", "actors": ["Nina Foch (Julia Ross)", "Dame May Whitty (Mrs. Hughes)", "George Macready (Ralph Hughes)", "Roland Varno (Dennis Bruce)", "Anita Sharp-Bolster (Sparkes (as Anita Bolster))", "Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Mackie)", "Queenie Leonard (Alice (uncredited))", "Joy Harington (Bertha (uncredited))", "Leonard Mudie (Peters (uncredited))", "Ottola Nesmith (Mrs. Robinson (uncredited))", "Milton Owen (Policeman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We're doing everything in our power to make you well again. \r\n\r\nMy Name Is Julia Ross is directed by Joseph H. Lewis and adapted to screenplay by Muriel Roy Bolton from The Woman in Red written by Anthony Gilbert. It stars Nina Foch, Dame Mary Witty, George Macready, Roland Varno, Anita Sharp-Bolster and Doris Lloyd. Music is by Mischa Bakaleinikoff and cinematography by Burnett Guffey. \r\n\r\nJulia Ross (Foch) out of work and in debt arrears to her landlady, hastily accepts a in-house secretarial position to Mrs. Hughes (Whitty). Starting work in the Hughes house in London the first night, she wakes up two days later in a cliff-top mansion in Cornwall. She is told she has been away with mental health problems, her name is Marion Hughes and she is married to Ralph Hughes (Macready)... \r\n\r\nA very important film in the career of the great Joseph H. Lewis, My Name is Julia Ross would effectively put the director on the map, with noir fans subsequently rewarded with the likes of Gun Crazy and The Big Combo. Compact in running time (65 minutes) and budget, it's a film that showcases just what real good work could be achieved by a director and photographer noir team working under tight restrictions; classical noir production if you like. \r\n\r\nStory as it is is pretty straightforward and familiar, but atmosphere and visual smartness ensure this is no walk down retread lane. It falls into the Gothic noir spectrum of films, following in the traditions of Rebecca, Gaslight and Suspicion. In fact, it's also very much \"old dark house\" on staple terms, with eerie staircase, wood panelled rooms, secret passageways and even a black cat. While the setting, house on a seaside cliff where the mist rolls in at night, is splendidly moody. \r\n\r\nThe characterisations (very well performed by the cast) are vivid and odd, with us clearly meant to note that Julia Ross is clearly the only normal being in the Hughes household! Best of the bunch is Macready's Ralph Hughes, the catalyst for all the things that are happening, he fondles his knives like a fetishist, a truly memorable noir antagonist. \r\n\r\nUltimately it's what Lewis and Guffey bring to the fore that makes the film better than it is on the page. Expressionistic touches are here of course, but it's the skew-whiff camera placements and up close POV shots that bring the viewer into Julia's confused new world. Memorable scenes are frequent, be it a rain sodden street or Julia peering through the bars of her bedroom, there's visual treats aplenty here. \r\n\r\nThe ending is all to quick and as is often the case in this type of narrative, implausibilities need to be ignored. But that is easy to do, because with atmosphere unbound and not a shot wasted, this is a safe recommendation to the Gothic noir faithful. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43269, 30102, 22985, 34652], "youtube_key": "notfound"}