{"tmdb_id": 421118, "title": "Surviving Compton: Dre, Suge and Michel'le", "original_title": "Surviving Compton: Dre, Suge and Michel'le", "slug_title": "surviving-compton-dre-suge-and-michel-le", "date": "2016-10-15", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Discovered at a young age, the shy, squeaky-voiced Michel'le was plucked straight from South Central, Los Angeles and catapulted into the spotlight while riding N.W.A.'s rocket ride of early success. Surrounded by industry visionaries from Eazy-E to Tupack Skaur, Michel'le quickly climbed the charts, but her musical successes were soon overshadowed by betrayal and corruption. A nearly decade-long romance with the infamous Dr. Dre pushed her into a life tarnished by alcohol, drugs and violence until her savior came in the unlikely form of Suge Knight, co-founder of Death Row Records and Dre's business partner. Friendship would turn into a courtly romance, but the union Michel'le thought they had did not end happily ever after. With children from both men and a career to protect, Michel'le's voice became silenced by Compton's biggest power players. Until now.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4rmDXIlgvxWC7LiPTj3miWgS8tJ.jpg", "actors": ["Rhyon Nicole Brown (Michel'le)", "Curtis Hamilton (Dr. Dre)", "R. Marcos Taylor (Suge Knight)", "Jamie Kennedy (Jerry Heller)", "Vonii Bristow (Ice Cube)", "Kedrick Brown (Alonzo Williams)", "Hank Brock (Trace)", "Shanica Knowles (Tichina Arnold)", "Omari Wallace (Eazy-E)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}