{"tmdb_id": 421393, "title": "Jiban Maran", "original_title": "Jiban Maran", "slug_title": "jiban-maran", "date": "1938-10-14", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "A famous radio singer Mohan (Saigal) is in love with Geeta (Leela Desai). When he goes to his friend a doctor, TB Specialist, Bijoy (Bhanu) for a check-up, he is found to be in an advance stage of TB. Meanwhile Leela's dominant mother and aunt (Nibhanani and Manorama) had been against the poor Mohan and had set their eyes on same Dr. Bijoy, the son of a family friend. When Mohan comes to know of it, and also his sickness, he decides to walk away from them. He is intercepted by a doctor who ran a sanatorium for TB patients, with some new method of treatment. Geeta couldn't forget Mohan and waited, but in the end she had to relent. Then it was known that Mohan was alive and cured. What would now Bijoy and Geeta do? There wedding was the next day, and they have to go ahead with it, the honour of both the families were at stake. Mohan too aware of his being exposed, disappears from the sanatorium and is untraceable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1KlxaDyrqqtHlv5sDA018o3wZ7U.jpg", "actors": ["K.L. Saigal (Mohan)", "Leela Desai (Geeta)", "Devbala ()", "Elias Chowla ()", "Boken Chatto (Hotel manager)", "Bhanu Bannerjee (Bijoy)", "Indu Mukherjee (Geeta's father)", "Naresh Bose (Sanatarium doctor's assistant)", "Sailen Choudhury (Doctor at sanatorium)", "Manorama Devi (Geeta's Aunt)", "Nibhanani Devi (Geeta's mother)", "Satya Mukherjee (Assistant radio manager)", "Amar Mullick (Radio manager)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}