{"tmdb_id": 421617, "title": "The Goat Horn", "original_title": "Bockshorn", "slug_title": "the-goat-horn", "date": "1984-03-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Two adolescents, Sauly and Mick, get to know each other while hitchhiking and stick together for the long haul. They both want to reach the ocean, which is some thousand kilometers away. An old car picks them up, but the trip ends shortly thereafter in a sleazy motel. At the bar, a man named Landolfi approaches them. He explains to Sauly that he must have sold his guardian angel to a man by the name of Miller in the city of Prince. Though the boys do not believe in guardian angels, Sauly slowly succumbs to his own fears. He would like to have his guardian angel back again. On their trip, Sauly becomes sick. Mick works on a farm to pay the doctor's bills. Once Sauly is well, they travel farther - until they reach Prince. In this mysterious city, all of the people are named Miller, and once Sauly and Mick finally are at the ocean, they meet Landolfi once more.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mQTL331mu5a3b6dvCLBeEtR4xI7.jpg", "actors": ["Dieter Montag (Viktor)", "Marie Gruber (Pl\u00e4ttbrett)", "Bernd Michael Lade (Punker)", "Jeff Dominiak (Sauly)", "Bert L\u00f6per (Mick)", "\u0110oko Rosi\u0107 (Landolfi)", "Anton Karastojanov (Krogh)", "Gunter Scho\u00df (Bauer)", "Walfriede Schmitt (B\u00e4uerin)", "Horst Hiemer (Hotelier)", "Klaus Manchen (Kiesfahrer)", "Christel Starr (Esserin)", "Alfredo Forcada (Middelbeen)", "Wolfgang H\u00e4ntsch (Dr. Schwerin, Landarzt)", "Stefan Herforth (Herr)", "Peter Jahoda (Nescaf\u00e9-Typ)", "Ruth Kommerell (Oma)", "Roland Kuchenbuch (Nachbar)", "Miguel Angel Majuan (Rotb\u00e4rtiger)", "Erdmute Schmidt-Christian (Lesbe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}