{"tmdb_id": 421629, "title": "Cher P\u00e8re No\u00ebl...", "original_title": "Love Always, Santa", "slug_title": "cher-pere-noel", "date": "2016-11-06", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Romance"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune fille \u00e9crit au P\u00e8re No\u00ebl pour lui demande d'aider sa maman \u00e0 retrouver l'amour. Lorsqu'un \u00e9crivain en mal d'inspiration re\u00e7oit cette lettre, il retrouve le go\u00fbt de la cr\u00e9ation...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o38JRTFKw0gRVRCxo7R4ql2J2FY.jpg", "actors": ["Marguerite Moreau (Celia)", "Mike Faiola (Jake)", "Brady Smith (Randy)", "Robert Jason Black (Hank)", "Isadora Swann (Lily)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When Santa replied to a little girl's letter.**\r\n\r\nIt's already a Christmas season, the televisions are packed with those themed films. So basically you can't escape from watching at least couple of them in a year. Now mine begins with this, especially Hallmark's films are special in this trademark. This is another romance themed Christmas film that is set in a little town where a young girl writes a letter to Santa wishing her mother to find love and happiness again. It will be received by a struggling writer, who replies in the name of Santa and so on, they become pen pals. But when he decides to meet them in person, the reality is different than what he thought of them. Between his two identities, revealing what he actually is what becomes challenging. The remaining film is to disclose how the story ends.\r\n\r\nAlmost all the Christmas films are kind of similar, especially in romance theme. But the conclusions are dead easy to predict, because they always have a happy ending. This story was not bad, particularly in the first half. I lost interest only in the final act, they should have avoided the drag, otherwise this is a decent film. But still it is, particularly for the family audience this would be a much effective film, and to watch during the holiday season. The casting was good, nice production as well. Being a television film, it's not so bad. Since this is the first film I watched in this season, I did find it good and looking forward for other titles. -Love always, me!\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [480622, 289520, 369056, 99079], "youtube_key": "notfound"}