{"tmdb_id": 42191, "title": "Johnny Angel", "original_title": "Johnny Angel", "slug_title": "johnny-angel", "date": "1945-10-24", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "George Raft plays a sailor who sets out to solve his father's mysterious death.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ex1NfUNPtaDQzCbs1cHQQgcZ3k.jpg", "actors": ["George Raft (Johnny Angel)", "Claire Trevor (Lilah 'Lily' Gustafson)", "Signe Hasso (Paulette Girard)", "Lowell Gilmore (Sam Jewell)", "Hoagy Carmichael (Celestial O'Brien)", "Marvin Miller (George 'Gusty' Gustafson)", "Margaret Wycherly (Miss Drumm)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Capt. Angel)", "Mack Gray (Mack, the Bartender)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Gustafson Goings On.\r\n\r\nJohnny Angel is directed by Edwin L. Marin and adapted to screenplay by Frank Gruber and Steve Fisher from Mr. Angel Comes Aboard written by Charles Gordon Booth. It stars George Raft, Claire Trevor, Signe Hasso and Hoagy Carmichael. Music is by Leigh Harline and cinematography by Harry J. Wild.\r\n\r\nMerchant sailor Johnny Angel (Raft) returns from duty to seek out who was responsible for his Father's death...\r\n\r\nFans of film noir as a film making style will get much from this, in fact the story has enough about it for fans of the form to enjoy. Yet peeking through the wonderful fogs and shadows, you find a pretty unadventerous narrative, a routine job where Raft is on auto-pilot and Trevor has you hankering for her other (great) noir endeavours. Still, what do us amateur reviewers know? Film made money at the box office!\r\n\r\nNoir shadings in look and narrative twists, Johnny Angel is however lacking in thrills and surprises. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29488, 51476, 195405, 109151], "youtube_key": "notfound"}