{"tmdb_id": 42196, "title": "La mauvaise graine", "original_title": "The Bad Seed", "slug_title": "la-mauvaise-graine", "date": "1956-09-12", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Kenneth Penmark, colonel de l'arm\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine, part comme souvent pour Washington et laisse seules sa femme Christine et sa petite fille Rhoda, un v\u00e9ritable petit ange blond en apparence. Les Penmark sont une famille ais\u00e9e et vivent dans un bel immeuble appartenant \u00e0 Mme Breedlove, une femme f\u00e9rue de psychanalyse qui adore la gamine. Lors d'une sortie scolaire au bord d'un lac, survient un grave accident. Un gar\u00e7on qui avait gagn\u00e9 la premi\u00e8re place \u00e0 un concours de l'\u00e9cole, au grand dam d'une Rhoda envieuse, s'est noy\u00e9. Des faits non \u00e9lucid\u00e9s commencent \u00e0 accuser la petite fille, capricieuse, roublarde et insensible, qui r\u00e9v\u00e8le peu \u00e0 peu une personnalit\u00e9 troublante. Sa m\u00e8re, de plus en plus isol\u00e9e dans ses doutes, commence \u00e0 s'inqui\u00e9ter alors que des \u00e9v\u00e9nements anciens concernant Rhoda et son propre pass\u00e9 enfoui remontent progressivement \u00e0 la surface.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iAgSkpZslQ2s3onL9TaHbyWygtC.jpg", "actors": ["Nancy Kelly (Christine Penmark)", "Patty McCormack (Rhoda Penmark)", "Eileen Heckart (Hortense Daigle)", "Henry Jones (Leroy Jessup)", "Evelyn Varden (Monica Breedlove)", "William Hopper (Col. Kenneth Penmark)", "Paul Fix (Richard Bravo)", "Jesse White (Emory Wages)", "Gage Clarke (Reginald 'Reggie' Tasker)", "Joan Croydon (Claudia Fern)", "Frank Cady (Henry Daigle)", "Frances Bavier (Woman in dinner party scene (uncredited))", "Shelley Fabares (Margie (uncredited))", "Patricia Morrow (Ginny (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sowing the seeds of evil.\r\n\r\nThe Bad Seed is directed by Mervyn LeRoy and adapted to screenplay by Maxwell Anderson from the novel of the same name written by William March. Anderson had also adapted for the stage play as well. It stars Nancy Kelly, William Hopper, Patty McCormack, Henry Jones, Eileen Heckart and Evelyn Varden. Music is by Alex North and cinematography by Harold Rossen.\r\n\r\nIs there such a thing as Bad Seed? Where I grew up there was a violent family of four brothers, each one would think nothing of doing a Begbie on you. It was the first time I heard the saying Bad Seed, with the conversation basically saying that their father was a psychopath and the four lads just inherited the violent tendencies by way of Pops. It's this theory that drives LeRoy's movie, only here it's a young \"butter-wouldn't-melt-in-her-mouth\" girl who has murderous leanings courtesy of her Nana's iffy genetics.\r\n\r\nThe theatre origins are very much evident, there is no hiding this fact, with the acting (some of the actors are held over from the play here) very much as if playing to an open auditorium, while at over two hours in length there's an over stretching of the talk heavy material. However, this is a very engrossing piece of horror cinema, pulsing unpleasantness and mood oppressive by way of black and white photography and a musical score that underlines the blending of sweet innocence and sinister evil.\r\n\r\nMcCormack as the Devil Child is outstanding, likewise Jones as the simpleton handyman who recognises evil when he sees it. Kelly, Heckart, McCormack and Rossen were all Academy Award nominated for their respective work in the film. As for the much discussed finale? Personally I have no problem with what transpires as regards mother and child. Oh for sure the ending to both the novel and play is far darker and dramatic, but there's a campy bizarreness in this Production Code influenced denouement that befits the whole production. Though the end credits curtain calls by the cast members is pushing it too far... 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10299, 16372, 3031, 13549], "youtube_key": "fZt7gtFiVJk"}