{"tmdb_id": 42201, "title": "Le Souffle De La Temp\u00eate", "original_title": "Comes a Horseman", "slug_title": "le-souffle-de-la-tempete", "date": "1978-10-25", "genre": ["Romance / Western / Drame"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Au lendemain de la Seconde Guerre mondiale. Propri\u00e9taire d'un ranch dans l'Ouest, Ella Connors est harcel\u00e9e par le riche J. W. Ewing, qui a des vues sur ses terres. Endett\u00e9e, la jeune femme a d\u00fb vendre une parcelle \u00e0 deux soldats d\u00e9mobilis\u00e9s, dont l'un trouve bient\u00f4t la mort lors d'une \u00e9chauffour\u00e9e avec les hommes d'Ewing. L'autre, Frank Athearn, s'en tire avec une blessure et se refugie chez Ella....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tvbVTORua8LrT6T3zPy5o11V0n0.jpg", "actors": ["James Caan (Frank 'Buck' Athearn)", "Jane Fonda (Ella Connors)", "Jason Robards (Jacob 'J.W.' Ewing)", "George Grizzard (Neil Atkinson)", "Richard Farnsworth (Dodger)", "Mark Harmon (Billy Joe Meynert)", "Macon McCalman (Virgil Hoverton)", "Basil Hoffman (George Bascomb)", "James Keach (Emil Kroegh)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Horsewoman. Surely?\r\n\r\n\r\nComes a Horseman is directed by Alan J. Pakula and written by Dennis Lynton Clark. It stars Jane Fonda, James Caan, Jason Robards and Richard Farnsworth. Music is by Michael Small and cinematography by Gordon Willis. \r\n\r\nIt seems the ideas and willing behind Comes a Horseman are made of sturdy stuff, you sense that the makers wanted to make a reflective post-modern Western set in post World War II times. Tonally they get it mostly right, it is very sombre, both in characterisations and the changing of the times thematic beat. Plot is hardly thrilling as Robards' land baron plots to oust Fonda and Caan out of their respective homesteads in readiness for the oil company to come destroy the magnificent landscape. \r\n\r\nElla Connors (Fonda) is a feisty but vulnerable woman, Frank Athearn (Caan) is fresh out of service in the war and carries the emotional scars of said battles. They form an unsteady alliance to ward off Jacob Ewing (Robards), but as past turmoil's come to the surface it's touch and go as to who, if anyone, will win out. \r\n\r\nWith the Colorado landscape beautifully captured by Willis, and the performances (including an Academy Award Nomination for Farnsworth as Ella's sage old ranch hand) solid as a rock, the pic retains interest if you can tolerate the laborious pace favoured by Pakula. There a couple of action sequences within, but they feel like afterthoughts, so we are left to buy into the rueful characterisations and their respective attempts at post war living out there on the ranges. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72163, 43119, 152266, 43891], "youtube_key": "notfound"}