{"tmdb_id": 42212, "title": "Thank God It's Friday", "original_title": "Thank God It's Friday", "slug_title": "thank-god-it-s-friday", "date": "1978-05-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique / Romance"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "It's Friday and everyone is going to the hot new disco. The Commodore's are scheduled to play if Floyd shows up with the instruments and Nicole dreams of becoming a disco star. Other characters are there to win the dance contest, or to put a little excitement into a fifth anniversary.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mwacLhP2HouBqnbWHucpLi5jgDn.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Goldblum (Toni Di Marco)", "Ray Vitte (Bobby Speed)", "Debra Winger (Jennifer)", "Valerie Landsburg (Frannie)", "Terri Nunn (Jeannie)", "Chick Vennera (Marv Gomez)", "Donna Summer (Nicole Sims)", "Mark Lonow (Dave)", "Andrea Howard (Sue)", "Robin Menken (Maddy)", "John Friedrich (Ken)", "Paul Jabara (Carl)", "Mews Small (Jackie)", "Chuck Sacci (Gus)", "Hilary Beane (Shirley)", "DeWayne Jessie (Floyd)", "Judith Brown (Badmouth in Bar)", "Luce Rains (Swinger in Phone Booth)", "Sandra Will (Miss Negative)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "If you've yet to see this incredibly zany musical comedy that pays a respectable tribute to the genre of Disco music, you had better make time to. Produced during the era of the disco rage, Thank God It's Friday, directed by Robert Klane, is a cult classic for a reason. It had been exactly one week after seeing \"Grease\" that my mother, my brother, and I spent our traditional \"Movie Date Night\" seated in the middle row inside of the old State and Lake Theater in Chicago, taking in the groovy visual sights and sounds of Thank God It's Friday on the giant silver screen. And we three loved it; it was truly enjoyable.\r\n\r\nSet in 1970s Los Angeles, the plot unfolds in a narrative of intertwining sequences concerning both the patrons and staff of the fictional disco nightclub The Zoo - all over the course of one Friday night. And the cast of characters are what make this film the precious cinematic jewel that it is. The ensemble includes: The undisputed Queen of Disco, Donna Summer, who stars as Nicole Sims, an aspiring disco singer; DeWayne Jessie as Malcolm Floyd, a roadie for the Commodores; Jeff Goldblum (Yes, THAT Jeff Goldblum), who was cast to portray the obnoxious and promiscuous Tony Di Marco, owner of The Zoo; and Debra Winger, cast in her VERY FIRST screen role as Jennifer, a new face in the crowd who's enjoying a Friday night out at The Zoo, among a hilarious supporting cast of other up-and-comers, some of whom got their big break in the picture business after appearing in TGIF.\r\n\r\nThere's also the soundtrack. And what a great soundtrack it is. The legendary Commodores perform their R&B/Funk anthem \"Too Hot to Trot\", and Donna Summer (my beloved) also adds to the musical side of things with the performance of her Academy Award-winning number \"Last Dance\" - the piece winning the coveted golden statue for Best Song that year. The title track, \"Thank God It's Friday\", is performed by Love & Kisses. Diana Ross and Thelma Houston are among a number of other artists who too contribute to the hit soundtrack.\r\n\r\nThank God It's Friday is a delightful must-see film. It is a hilariously spoofy spin on New York's famed Studio 54 if there ever was one."}], "recommandations_id": [23148], "youtube_key": "2QyAyvg0maA"}