{"tmdb_id": 422469, "title": "Je suis Bolt", "original_title": "I Am Bolt", "slug_title": "je-suis-bolt", "date": "2016-11-28", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Enti\u00e8rement autoris\u00e9, acc\u00e8s-all-doc sur les zones disposent le tr\u00e8s charismatique et dans le monde adoraient Usain Bolt - officiellement le plus rapide homme vivant. Avec des images encore jamais vu les archives de sa jeunesse en Jama\u00efque, en passant par des images in\u00e9dites qui seront captur\u00e9es \u00e0 ses quatri\u00e8me et dernier Jeux Olympiques \u00e0 Rio, o\u00f9 il sera en comp\u00e9tition pour l'or dans les deux 100 et 200 m\u00e8tres courses, pour un troisi\u00e8mes Jeux cons\u00e9cutifs avant sa retraite en 2017. J'AM BOLT r\u00e9v\u00e9lera l'homme et de d\u00e9finir l'h\u00e9ritage de cet athl\u00e8te incroyable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oRVEtjJn7b9zrjMBMbtI7oNmYmR.jpg", "actors": ["Usain Bolt (Himself)", "Neymar Jr (Himself)", "Serena Williams (Herself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A thunderBOLT that struck from Jamaica.**\r\n\r\nI saw him on the television during the Beijing Olympic games and then in London, followed by in Rio. When I first came to know him in Beijing games, I thought he was a one-timer, but then during the London games, from the commentators to everyone who are familiar with his sport had great expectation on him and he delivered it. Finally, in Rio, I prepared for the historic occasion and so did it again for the last time. I am talking about the fastest man alive, Usain Bolt. It's great to be born in this generation to witness such a great achievement. If not from the arena, at least from the live telecast. I have seen and still seeing many legends from other sports and Bolt is one of them.\r\n\r\nThis Jamaican sprinter is like a thunderbolt that struck in the last three summer Olympic games creating a new history. In each Olympic games, he had grabbed three gold medals. Now he's off the track and enjoying the normal life. But the film was focused to tell his rise and reign for the nearly fifteen years of his career. It all began in the Junior championship from the school days and since then he never looked back, but left behind the records the others to fetch. Especially, he still holds the world record for 100m in 9.58 seconds. By seeing his achievements, you might expect a coach who trained him would be like the one from 'Whiplash'. I was surprised to see a simple man behind him, as well as his friend-come-manager and all the other people around him.\r\n\r\nI did not know they were making a documentary about him. I only came to know just a week before watching it. I have seen some good sports documentaries, so I anticipated something extraordinary clips and inspiration. It is inspiring, good for young sports enthusiasts who wants to make big in their field. To be honest I was a bit disappointed with this film. This is not I was looking for. This looked more like a reality show. So I won't blame entirely on the filmmakers for failing to give the best product. Because I knew Bolt as a sportsman, but never knew him as a person, his character and all. He's a fun type. Seriously, I did not expect that.\r\n\r\n> \"All the way from Beijing to London and now to Rio. It is one of the greatest athletic achievements of all time.\"\r\n\r\nHe worked hard for what he's now, but at a time he's so fun. Enjoys his game, life, that's what you learn the most about him if you already know him as a sportsperson. Particularly a clip from the film about a cameraman who crashed on him proves he a temperless. I could not stop from laughing at it and so he was. They have interviewed some big names from other sports. They all talked about their special friendship with him and his talent. I am really upset for not interviewing one of his close friends and a countryman, Christopher Henry Gayle. They both are common in one thing, that's the number 333. You will understand what that means if you know them both from their sports.\r\n\r\nOne of the main issues was the film terribly lacks with the original clips or the photographs from his life. Everything about him on the track were perfectly aligned, other than that the rest of them were exclusively shot for the film like a feature film, including the interviews. So the recreation of those recollects were not that effective to blend with the story. Also a bit falls off the track with too much of off the track focus, but it's not boring, totally fun to watch such person. That's why even it is stretched to nearly two hours, it does not feel like a drag.\r\n\r\nAfter every win, he celebrates with his 'lightning bolt' pose. As his name, as his record talks, that is the defining moment. The Jamaican medal tally might dip from the next Olympic games since he got retired. But his nation will be remembered for him forever. It is a good documentary film, but should have been great. Now I am thinking about a feature film and I hope somebody would make it in the near future. I recommend this, but keep your expectations low if you already know much about him. But for others, it will make a bigger impact.\r\n\r\n_7.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [257064, 470616, 454349, 437783], "youtube_key": "XVje1n8K240"}