{"tmdb_id": 42288, "title": "Guest in the House", "original_title": "Guest in the House", "slug_title": "guest-in-the-house", "date": "1944-12-08", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Evelyn (Anne Baxter), an emotionally vulnerable and unstable woman, stays at the home of her doctor Dan Proctor (Scott McKay). There she meets and falls in love with his brother, Douglas (Ralph Bellamy), who is happily married to Ann (Ruth Warrick). Evelyn then sets forth to break up the happy marriage and win the love of Douglas -- with tragic results.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vr4qZnS4DFbwrGK1BVwt7fbd24j.jpg", "actors": ["Anne Baxter (Evelyn Heath)", "Ralph Bellamy (Douglas Proctor)", "Aline MacMahon (Aunt Martha Proctor)", "Ruth Warrick (Ann Proctor)", "Scott McKay (Doctor Dan Proctor)", "Marie McDonald (Miriam Blake)", "Jerome Cowan (Ernest Hackett)", "Margaret Hamilton (Hilda, the Maid)", "Percy Kilbride (John, the Butler)", "Connie Laird (Lee Proctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Little Saint Cecilia!\r\n\r\nGuest in the House is directed by John Brahm and adapted to screen by Ketti Frings from the play written by Hagar Wilde, Dale Eunson and Katherine Albert. It stars Anne Baxter, Ralph Bellamy, Aline MacMahon, Ruth Warrick and Scott McKay. Music is by Werner Janssen and cinematography by Lee Garmes.\r\n\r\nThe Proctor family take on more than they bargained for when Evelyn Heath (Baxter) comes to stay with them.\r\n\r\nGiven the quality of cast and with the strength of Brahm and Garmes on the camera side of things, this really should have been a top tier psychological thriller. Sadly, in spite of much to keep it above average, it ends up as a melodramatic pot boiler that never quite comes to the boil.\r\n\r\nEssentially the pic is framed around Baxter's troubled Evelyn, who is up to no good, where mischief making is the order of the day. Her motives are sketchy and her neurotic kinks are never fully formed except to give us some closure at pic's denouement. Things aren't helped by the fact Evelyn is just not a character to either sympathise with, or to even feel unnerved by since her shenanigans are not gripping and even come off as a little daft.\r\n\r\nThe male leads are poorly written, chauvinistic leanings boorish in the grand scheme of \"outing\" Evelyn as the sexual aggressor. While some of the histrionics on show from Baxter are hard to buy into. On the plus side the pic looks great, with Garmes (Nightmare Alley) managing to create moody ambiance in what is a stage bound play, and although I found Janssens' music score to be too jaunty at times, there's no denying the quality of arrangement (Oscar Nominated).\r\n\r\nYou have to look to the supporting players for quality (MacMahon and Warrick), and admire some technical craft for comfort. But ultimately it's a missed opportunity for potency, whilst some of the contrivances and character portrayals date the story badly. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27203, 28560, 45975, 26592], "youtube_key": "notfound"}