{"tmdb_id": 422, "title": "Huit et demi", "original_title": "8\u00bd", "slug_title": "huit-et-demi", "date": "1963-02-14", "genre": ["Fantastique / Drame"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Un cin\u00e9aste d\u00e9pressif fuit le monde du cin\u00e9ma et se r\u00e9fugie dans un univers peupl\u00e9 de fantasmes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5pQlc8dp5dXzWg1yM70DZrsDpOl.jpg", "actors": ["Marcello Mastroianni (Guido Anselmi)", "Claudia Cardinale (Claudia)", "Anouk Aim\u00e9e (Luisa Anselmi)", "Sandra Milo (Carla)", "Rossella Falk (Rossella)", "Barbara Steele (Gloria Morin)", "Madeleine Lebeau (Madeleine, l'attrice francese)", "Caterina Boratto (La signora misteriosa)", "Eddra Gale (La Saraghina)", "Guido Alberti (Pace, il produttore)", "Mario Conocchia (Conocchia, il direttore di produzione)", "Bruno Agostini (Bruno, il secondo segretario di produzione)", "Cesarino Miceli Picardi (Cesarino, l'ispettore di produzione)", "Jean Rougeul (Carini, il critico cinematografico)", "Mario Pisu (Mario Mezzabotta)", "Yvonne Casadei (Jacqueline Bonbon)", "Ian Dallas (Il partner della telepata)", "Mino Doro (L'agente di Claudia)", "Nadia Sanders (Nadine, la Hostess)", "Georgia Simmons (La nonna di Guido)", "Edy Vessel (L'indossatrice)", "Tito Masini (Il cardinale)", "Annie Gorassini (L'amica del produttore)", "Rossella Como (Un'amica di Luisa)", "Mark Herron (Il corteggiatore di Luisa)", "Marisa Colomber (Una zia di Guido)", "Neil Robinson (L'agente dell'attrice francese)", "Elisabetta Catalano (Matilde, la sorella di Luisa)", "Eugene Walter (Il giornalista americano)", "Hazel Rogers (La negretta)", "Gilda Dahlberg (La moglie del giornalista americano)", "Mario Tarchetti (L'ufficio di stampa di Claudia)", "Mary Indovino (La telepata)", "Frazier Rippy (Il segretario laico)", "Francesco Rigamonti (Un'amico di Luisa)", "Giulio Paradisi (Un'amico)", "Marco Gemini (Guido da ragazzo)", "Giuditta Rissone (La madre di Guido)", "Annibale Ninchi (Il padre di Guido)", "Dina De Santis (Dina (non accreditata))", "Eva Gioia (Eva (non accreditata))", "Maria Tedeschi (Direttrice della scuola (non accreditata))", "Antonio Acqua (Uomo in auto (non accreditato))", "Giulio Cal\u00ec (Uomo ai fanghi (non accreditato))", "Franco Caracciolo (Giovane sacerdote (non accreditato))", "Olimpia Cavalli (Olimpia, ragazza provino (non accreditata))", "Sonia Gessner (Ragazza provino (non accreditata))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "j_haseltine", "content": "Widely touted as one of the all-time great works of cinema, Federico Fellini\u2019s 8\u00bd is an elusive film about even more elusive things. It\u2019s a meaningfully chaotic picture about trying to distil meaning from chaos and it\u2019s a creative success about creative failure. It chronicles the resonant moments in one man\u2019s life and admits that it can\u2019t quite clarify why they matter. Doing justice to its early working title of The Beautiful Confusion, 8\u00bd is a daring high wire act and an outstanding technical achievement that channels its story of artistic crisis into something sweepingly, uniquely profound.\r\n\r\nWorking again under Fellini\u2019s direction after his winning performance in La Dolce Vita, Marcello Mastroianni plays Guido, a creatively blocked director feeling constantly distracted from the development of his latest semi-autobiographical work. Between avoiding his mistress (Sandra Milo) and disappointing his wife (Anouk Aim\u00e9e), Guido spends time reflecting on his past, searching for answers and escaping into fantasies. The narrative seamlessly weaves in and out of Guido\u2019s dreams and memories, to the point that it becomes impossible to distinguish real from imagined. The actress named Claudia, tellingly played by the legendary Claudia Cardinale, seems especially intangible, generally appearing only fleetingly in Guido\u2019s visions playing the woman in his film that Guido intends to be a symbol of purity, innocence and redemption. The story, in a sense, is a mess but a brilliantly orchestrated mess that skilfully highlights the mysteries and confusions of life and the human psyche. Characters suddenly enter the narrative then leave before you\u2019ve even noticed they\u2019re gone because the film is confined within the periphery of Guido\u2019s life. What these supporting players actually do isn\u2019t as important as the impressions that they make. They\u2019re all just additions to the fabric of the filmmaker\u2019s mind.\r\n\r\nThis perception of the world is completely in tune with the engrossingly complex lead\u2019s own self-involved view, seeing everyone he crosses paths with as a supporting player in his existence, rather than a fully-rounded individual with a long, complicated life of their own. Guido lacks awareness of the emotional impact of his actions and underestimates his own transparency, not realising when people detect his deceptions and cowardly evasions. His wife, Luisa, in particular seems more observant of Guido\u2019s fraudulent nature than even Guido.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s made abundantly clear from the film\u2019s choice of protagonist and its title (8\u00bd being Fellini\u2019s count of the number of films he\u2019d made so far) that this film was meant to be viewed at least in part as a very personal work from the director. But if the weary half-heartedness of Guido\u2019s filmmaking is meant to reflect Fellini\u2019s own exhaustion, it\u2019s evident that the director had got his groove back by the time shooting began. Every shot seems perfectly placed and every cut is perfectly timed for the film to fold out with effortless cohesion, like one extended monologue. Fellini hardly wastes a square inch of a single frame, saturating (but not over-saturating) his backgrounds with rhythmic movement and entrancing production design. His thoughtfully precise camera creates inexhaustible space, extending rooms by their mirrors and constructing distinct layers to the crowded environments he observes. This may well be the best directed film of Fellini\u2019s celebrated career.\r\n\r\n8\u00bd remains one of those rare feats of cinema that have proved highly influential (acclaimed descendants from recent years include Charlie Kaufman\u2019s Synecdoche, New York and Paolo Sorrentino\u2019s The Great Beauty) and yet still wholly unique. Even Fellini himself never made another work that so gracefully blended irony with sincerity, surreality with relatability and ambiguity with insightfulness, but once was enough. This richly intricate film is built to be endlessly re-seen, enjoyed and puzzled over. The final paradox of 8\u00bd is that it refutes itself. Apparently when a great director doesn\u2019t know what kind of film he wants to make, he makes a masterpiece.\r\n\r\nWritten by David Pountain\r\n\r\nWatch '8\u00bd' at <strong><a href=\"https://www.filmdoo.com/films/8-1-2-/\">FilmDoo.com</a><strong> now (UK & Ireland Only)"}], "recommandations_id": [439, 614, 147, 405], "youtube_key": "RmIC9pQ80Fk"}