{"tmdb_id": 42328, "title": "La Lance bris\u00e9e", "original_title": "Broken Lance", "slug_title": "la-lance-brisee", "date": "1954-09-25", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un fermier, propri\u00e9taire d'un petit empire, se remarie avec une indienne. Ce qui n'est pas du go\u00fbt de ces fils provenant d'un premier mariage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ixAxK3x7i9Ppgoya9XvRblsacNx.jpg", "actors": ["Spencer Tracy (Matt Devereaux)", "Robert Wagner (Joe Devereaux)", "Jean Peters (Barbara)", "Richard Widmark (Ben Devereaux)", "Katy Jurado (Se\u00f1ora Devereaux)", "Hugh O'Brian (Mike Devereaux)", "Eduard Franz (Two Moons)", "Earl Holliman (Denny Devereaux)", "E.G. Marshall (Horace - The Governor)", "Carl Benton Reid (Clem Lawton)", "Philip Ober (Van Cleve)", "Robert Burton (Mac Andrews)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Edward Dmytryk Crafts The Western King Lear.\r\n\r\nWith both it being based on Shakespeare's King Lear and being a Western remake of Joseph L. Mankiewicz's tasty film noir, House of Strangers, Broken Lance had fine sources from which to work from. Throw in to the mixer that it stars Spencer Tracy, Richard Widmark, Katy Jurado, Robert Wagner and Earl Holliman, and that Joseph MacDonald was director Edward Dmytryk's cinematographer of choice, well it's all set up to be a highly accomplished piece.\r\n\r\nAnd it is!\r\n\r\nDmytryk's film tells the story of how the Devereaux family came to implode. Father Matt {Tracy}, is a tough no nonsense pioneer who after finding a copper smelter has polluted his water, illegally raids the copper mine with destructive vengeance. Matt has four sons, his three eldest are a disappointment to him, but his youngest, Joe, from his latest marriage to a Commanche woman {Jurado}, is untainted by his own bitterness. But it's Joe who takes the rap for the copper mine raid and gets sentenced to three years jail. When Joe comes out he finds that his brothers have driven his mother away and all but destroyed the family empire, including his father. Joe {Wagner} has scores to settle, especially with the oldest, and nastiest brother, Ben {Widmark}.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay comes from Richard Murphy, who, reworked Philip Yordan's House Of Strangers screenplay, bagging Yordan the Best Writing Oscar at the 1955 Academy Awards in the process. And it's not hard to see why. Murphy and Dmytryk have fused together a number of intelligent strands in their picture. Not merely a tale of vengeance that dallies with black sheep of the family like thematics, it also serves up racial prejudice issues, and those of greed and corruption. It's for sure what one would term a talky piece, tho the copper mine raid itself is a pulse raiser, but it's with the talk and how it's put together that makes Broken Lance worthy of its place on any \"Adult Western\" list. For its court room sequences and a memorable scene involving Tracy and Widmark alone it deserves praise from the genre faithful.\r\n\r\nActing wise there are very few disappointments. Tracy is terrific, as is Widmark, while the youthful Wagner gets away with the obvious problem of him playing a half Indian, by bringing an emotionally honest integrity to the role of Joe. Katy Jurado, who was Oscar nominated for supporting actress, is sweet and showing deft sadness in the thankless role of wife and mother, Se\u00f1ora Devereaux. The itches are with the others, thru no fault of their own really. Both Holliman and Hugh O'Brian as the other two brothers are practically observers in proceedings, both men never really getting to add some weight into the family drama. Jean Peters as Joe's love interest, Barbara, is an important character in the story, yet she's never fully formed. Minor problems aside tho, this is an engrossing and gorgeous picture. So with Leigh Harline's lyrical score complimenting MacDonald's sumptuous Arizona photography {the film was shot in Technicolor CinemaScope and sound mixed in 4-Track Stereo} try and see this on the best system you possibly can, because it's worth it. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43491, 39219, 108994, 73194], "youtube_key": "dN_z0v8Zfmo"}