{"tmdb_id": 4238, "title": "The Erotic Mirror", "original_title": "The Erotic Mirror", "slug_title": "the-erotic-mirror", "date": "2002-03-26", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "2.5/10", "synopsis": "Amy and Bill are on a romantic getaway when they come across an old second-hand store. Amidst the clutter, Amy unearths a beautiful antique mirror and immediately is overcome by a deep inner desire to caress and explore her luscious body in ways she never thought possible. Amy quickly buys the mirror only to discover the ghostly legend of the sexually insatiable whorehouse madame trapped inside it. Powerless to control herself, Amy indulges her naughtiest fantasies when standing before the shimmering mirror. Soon all her female friends are introduced to its seductive supernatural energy, and none of them can deny the lesbian urges that overtake their sweet young bodies, transforming them into writhing sex-machines that cannot be satisfied. But amidst the moans of pleasure, how could Amy possibly realize the terrifying consequences of her actions, and the fate the ghost in the mirror has in store for each of them. Will it be infinite ecstasy or endless erotic longing?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yYn1MlarGw2MuSeO69VVTACHuDQ.jpg", "actors": ["Laurie Wallace (Amy)", "Darian Caine (The Lady in the Mirror)", "Erin Brown (Mary (as Misty Mundae))", "Ruby LaRocca (Stacy (as Esmerelda DeLarocca))", "A.J. Khan (Dr. Jessie Mayron)", "Major Dodge (Bill)", "Lora Renee (Lisa)", "Jade Duboir (The Tarot Reader)", "Mistress Rhiannon (The Nurse)", "Michael R. Thomas (The Antique Man)", "Debbie Rochon (Girl in Antique Shop)", "Bob Gonzo (Mr. Futterman (as Bobby Gonzo))", "Michael L. Raso (Waiting Patient #1)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}