{"tmdb_id": 424139, "title": "Halloween", "original_title": "Halloween", "slug_title": "halloween", "date": "2018-10-18", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Laurie Strode est de retour pour un affrontement final avec Michael Myers, le personnage masqu\u00e9 qui la hante depuis qu\u2019elle a \u00e9chapp\u00e9 de justesse \u00e0 sa folie meurtri\u00e8re le soir d\u2019Halloween 40 ans plus t\u00f4t.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/utgH20URpkatknCO8VVH664wjIE.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Lee Curtis (Laurie Strode)", "Judy Greer (Karen Nelson)", "Andi Matichak (Allyson Nelson)", "Will Patton (Frank Hawkins)", "Virginia Gardner (Vicky)", "Sophia Miller (Young Karen)", "James Jude Courtney (The Shape)", "Nick Castle (The Shape)", "Haluk Bilginer (Dr. Ranbir Sartain)", "Rhian Rees (Dana Haines)", "Jefferson Hall (Aaron Korey)", "Toby Huss (Ray Nelson)", "Dylan Arnold (Cameron Elam)", "Miles Robbins (Dave)", "Jibrail Nantambu (Julian Morrisey)", "Brien Gregorie (Father)", "Vince Mattis (Lumpy)", "Omar J. Dorsey (Sheriff Barker)", "Christopher Allen Nelson (Officer Francis)", "Charlie Benton (Officer Richards)", "Pedro L\u00f3pez (Lynch)", "Drew Scheid (Oscar)", "Charlie Donadio (Corey)", "Carmela McNeal (Sexy Nurse)", "Diva Tyler (Caretaker)", "Kurt Deimer (Teller)", "Christopher Holloway (Officer #1)", "Roger Antonio (Officer #2)", "Teresa Ann Johnson (Onlooker)", "Jonathan Bruce (News Reporter)", "Michael Harrity (Warden Kuneman)", "Michael Smallwood (Hunky Doctor)", "Matthew Anderson (Guard Haskell)", "P.J. Soles (Teacher)", "Colin Mahan (Loomis)", "Angela Anderson (Nurse (uncredited))", "Marian Green (Gina Panchella / Sandwich Woman (uncredited))", "W.F. Bell (Community Center Member (uncredited))", "David Lowe (Chess Player (uncredited))", "Willie Tyrone Ferguson (Police Officer/CSI (uncredited))", "Johnny Price (Criminally Insane Patient (uncredited))", "Aaron Christian Paderewski (Mechanic (uncredited))", "Omar Azimi (Mental Patient (uncredited))", "Rob Niter (Deputy Sheriff Walker (uncredited))", "Anthony Woodle (Onlooker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gill-Man", "content": "A semi-welcome return. Not the greatest horror film to hit theater screens this year but certainly not the worst. It unfortunately lacks the finality that the original had but still proves to be an effective entry in a franchise known for its inconsistency in quality.\r\n\r\nI can\u2019t call myself a fan of the franchise but I am a fan of the original film and this sequel transfers the formula made famous by said film pretty well to a Generation Z audience. There are plenty of callbacks to the first entry (one of the victims even being a babysitter) and they all work incredibly well.\r\n\r\nThere unfortunately isn\u2019t that much tension. Most, if not all of the scares are executed brilliantly but the fights between Michael Myers and his victims are pretty disappointing. The gore is awesome; can\u2019t really complain much about that.\r\n\r\nSubplots are handled poorly; despite already being in motion, they end pretty quickly which is a letdown. Writing is fine..good, not great. Humor is handled well though. Serviceable to fans new and old. It\u2019s evident that Blumhouse knows how to make horror movies and that\u2019s the big takeaway here.\r\n\r\nThe new score is brilliant. One of the best I\u2019ve heard all year, in fact.\r\n\r\nEnjoyable. Would recommend overall."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The unfortunately named _Halloween_ has been released, and in doing so has created an entirely new **fifth** timeline in the _Halloween_ franchise. It's a decent timeline this one, makes a lot of sense. Not perfect, pretty expected run of events, but yeah, good.\r\n\r\nGonna throw myself under the bus once more by yet again mentioning my love for the Rob Zombie _Halloween_ films, but here goes anyway: Seems interesting that a decent chunk of the same people who hate those Rob Zombie movies (99% of all horror fans), love this movie, despite some scenes in the 2018 _Halloween_ seemingly being ripped straight from Mr. Zombie himself.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Columbusbuck", "content": "So we're all totally just going to ignore Laurie had a teenage son twenty years ago?"}, {"pseudo": "moovies", "content": "\"A worthy successor\"\r\n\r\n40 years after the events in \u2018Halloween\u2019 (1978) Laurie Strode faces off once again with Michael Myers.\r\n\r\nStrode has been preparing for 4 decades for an eventual showdown with Myers. Of course Michael escapes and it\u2019s only a matter of time before the 2 meet. Strode\u2019s doomsday prepper storyline is a bit far-fetched but that doesn\u2019t make it less entertaining. Jamie Lee Curtis makes a triumphant return as Laurie Strode. It also marks the return of Nick Castle as Michael Myers. And Myers lives up to his reputation. His killings are more brutal than ever.\r\n\r\nDirector David Gordon Green executes it almost perfectly. A lot of killings happen offscreen but you get to see the horror afterwards. And there\u2019s of course the delicious tracking shot where Myers returns to Haddonfield. The camera follows him through a suburban home where he slaughters someone. The camera follows him back onto the street and into the next house to kill again. Michael\u2019s introduction in the psych ward is also pretty memorable when all the psychos start to go\u2026 psycho. After that sequence we get the opening credits with the iconic theme. Brilliant.\r\n\r\nCredit has to go to writer Danny McBride. He respects the original, as is obvious in the countless references (Laurie standing in front of the window, Michael missing an eye) but isn\u2019t afraid to give it a spin. Who\u2019s hunting who? There\u2019s also the humor he brings to the story. And it works (the babysitting scene).\r\n\r\nOf course it\u2019s not all great. At times \u2018Halloween\u2019 falls victim to several genre tropes (girl falling when chased, questionable decisions). And although Strode\u2019s been preparing for 40 years she doesn\u2019t do a top notch job.\r\nThe biggest letdown was the character of Dr. Sartain (Haluk Bilginer). He\u2019s a poor man\u2019s Dr. Loomis whose role is too expanded.\r\n\r\nAll in all David Gordon Green and Danny McBride finally make up for 40 years of mediocrity and less (Halloween: Resurrection says boo). Although the 2018 version will not achieve the same cult status as the original it\u2019s a solid entry in a disappointing franchise."}], "recommandations_id": [439079, 438799, 493922, 346910]}