{"tmdb_id": 424148, "title": "The Weather Forecast", "original_title": "Prognoza pogody", "slug_title": "the-weather-forecast", "date": "1983-11-14", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The setting is an old age home run by an aging director with an authoritarian hand. In the evening many of the residents huddle in a living room, penetrated by the October cold, to listen to the news. The announcement is giving the number of expected deaths due too the coming harsh winter. In the middle of the night a truckload of coffins arrives to be stored. Dicovering the coffins the elderly assume they are marked for liquidation and they flee en masse. The next day their exodus is dicovered and the director calls the authorities. It turned out that the coffins were the overproduction from a coffin factory and were brought only for temporary storage. The panic search for the pensioners begins, including helicopters. In the meantime the group gets transported to another part of the country by a truck. They take over by a near-empty restaurant, where after mistreatment by a waiter, they tie him up and move on. A lone fisherman invites them into his house where, after initial ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rMotIa5AgRkW5Oxmf7clZs04mcJ.jpg", "actors": ["Halina Buyno-Loza ()", "Zofia Cegielkowa ()", "Barbara Chojecka ()", "Eugenia Horecka ()", "Zbigniew Buczkowski ()", "Maria Brozynska ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}