{"tmdb_id": 42453, "title": "L'\u00cele sur le toit du monde", "original_title": "The Island at the Top of the World", "slug_title": "l-ile-sur-le-toit-du-monde", "date": "1974-01-01", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Action / Science-Fiction / Familial"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Pour retrouver son fils disparu alors qu'il recherchait le fameux cimetiere des baleines, sir Anthony monte une nouvelle expedition vers le Grand Nord. Embarques a bord du dirigeable l'Hyperion, les explorateurs abordent une region mysterieuse peuplee par les descendants des Vikings.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6ZzQhN2Zwe4XWEK6V2TtD8BmECJ.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Sinden (Sir Anthony Ross)", "David Hartman (Prof. John Ivarsson)", "Jacques Marin (Captain Brieux)", "Mako (Oomiak)", "David Gwillim (Donald Ross)", "Agneta Eckemyr (Freyja)", "Sverre Anker Ousdal (Gunnar)", "Gunnar \u00d6hlund (The Godi)", "Lasse Kolstad (Erik)", "Erik Silju (Torvald)", "Rolf S\u00f8der (The Lawspeaker)", "Torsten Wahlund (Sven)", "Niels Hinrichsen (Sigurd)", "Denny Miller (Town Guard)", "Brendan Dillon (The Factor)", "Ian Abercrombie (Train Conductor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Entrance to Hell!\r\n\r\nThe Island at the Top of the World is directed by Robert Stevenson and adapted to screenplay by John Whedon from the novel The Lost Ones written by Ian Cameron. It stars Donald Sinden, David Hartman, Jacques Marin, Mako and Agneta Eckemyr. Music is by Maurice Jarre and cinematography by Frank Phillips.\r\n\r\nOut of Walt Disney productions, this is a pic that finds the house of the mouse desperately trying to keep their live action fantasy flame ablaze. Unfortunately, in spite of some appealing production shunts, it's really rather dull and performed in the same manner.\r\n\r\nPlot has Sinden as an aristo type who has arranged an expedition to search the Arctic wastes for his lost son, Donald, who disappeared two years previously. Gathering up archaeologist Hartman and a dirigible piloted by Marin, they set off to the fabled place at the top of the world, a place where whales are said to go and die in peace. Will they make it? If so what will they find there?\r\n\r\nThere's an old fashioned feel to proceedings, of adventure movies from decades before, but with that also comes the familiarity of knowing what will happen in the story. The characters are one dimensional stereotypes, completed by a comedy canine. The effects veer from poor to even poorer, though not lacking in imagination and always colourful via Phillips' lens filters.\r\n\r\nUltimately it's one for kiddies and nostalgists, a noticed served of a mighty studio cutting corners and running out of ideas for the format to hand, thus the film suffers greatly for it. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25441, 64875, 104297, 51107], "youtube_key": "IjHnvAHr3is"}