{"tmdb_id": 42458, "title": "Une ma\u00eetresse dans les bras, une femme sur le dos", "original_title": "A Touch of Class", "slug_title": "une-maitresse-dans-les-bras-une-femme-sur-le-dos", "date": "1973-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Steve, a happily married American man living in London meets Vicki, an English divorc\u00e9e and run off to Marbella for a rollicking week of sex. They then return to London to set up a cozy menage, despite the fact that he loves his wife and children, and now realize that he and Vicki have also fallen in love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1tUQaQAsN5w5UOXQlPfgaFY1f7E.jpg", "actors": ["George Segal (Steven 'Steve' Blackburn)", "Glenda Jackson (Vicki Allessio)", "Paul Sorvino (Walter Menkes)", "K Callan (Patty Menkes)", "Cec Linder (Wendell Thompson)", "Michael Elwyn (Cecil)", "Mary Barclay (Martha Thompson)", "Nadim Sawalha (Night Hotel Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Stress Relief in Early 1970s London\u2026 \r\n\r\nA Touch of Class is directed by Melvin Frank who also co-writes the screenplay with Jack Rose. It stars Glenda Jackson, George Segal, Paul Sorvino, Hildegarde Neil and Mary Barclay. Music is by John Cameron and cinematography by Austin Dempster. \r\n\r\nTwo great lead performances and a sharp script propel this delightful sex comedy forward. Plot is no great shakes but it matters not in truth, divorced English woman meets American married man, an attraction is there and they agree to go away for a brief holiday to indulge in some stress relieving sex. Upon arrival at the Spanish resort, a number of things get in the way of the couple actually copulating. Once achieved, things start to go a bit sour, and the bickering and withering sarcasm starts. But hold on, there\u2019s more twists to come, right up to the bittersweet finale. \r\n\r\nGenuine laughs are dotted throughout, Jackson\u2019s waspish tongue an utter delight, and the pic never teeters over the edge into sentimental hog-wash. It\u2019s obviously a product of its time, though the extra-marital affair theme is daringly mounted for the era. A lovely film, funny, poignant and literate. Score! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [176081, 61647, 65718, 53939], "youtube_key": "RdCP7RHeYKI"}