{"tmdb_id": 424600, "title": "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks", "original_title": "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks", "slug_title": "the-immortal-life-of-henrietta-lacks", "date": "2017-04-22", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "La vie d'Henrietta Lacks, une jeune femme afro-am\u00e9ricaine morte d'un cancer fulgurant en 1951, et dont les cellules ont permis \u00e0 la m\u00e9decine de faire un bond en avant sans pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dzkd72ECEwMAwNZUypAnlQJ6o6h.jpg", "actors": ["Rose Byrne (Rebecca Skloot)", "Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry (Henrietta Lacks)", "Oprah Winfrey (Deborah Lacks)", "Ninja N. Devoe (Country Girl Mae)", "Lisa Arrindell (Aunt Ethel)", "Earl Poitier (Cousin Josh)", "L. Warren Young (Day Lacks)", "Patrick R. Walker (Cousin Fred)", "Jane Rumbaua (Mrs. Hsu)", "Sylvia Grace Crim (Mary Kubicek)", "Tian Richards (Lawrence (16 yrs.))", "Kate Bond (Young Woman)", "Jazzy Ellis (Young Gladys)", "Jock McKissic (Carl the Mechanic)", "Kyanna Simone Simpson (Deborah (15-24YRS))", "Tinashe Kajese (Sadie)", "Kayla Anderson (Johns Hopkins Student)", "Karen Wheeling Reynolds (Mrs. Gey)", "Todd Lee (Doctor)", "Jordan Eli Arellano (Young Sonny Lacks)", "Mary Shaw (Woman at Pump)", "Tatom Pender (Johns Hopkins Nurse)", "Christopher Robert Escobar (Chris the Intern)", "Clint Edwards (Scientist)", "De'Marco Arrington (Young Joe)", "Jaylon Gordon (Alfred)", "Tashaun Stanfill-Perry (Henrietta Lacks Neighbor)", "Matthew Bernard (Johns Hopkins Student)", "Sage Mayer (Young Boy)", "Elizabeth Hackler (Rebecca's Co-worker)", "David Shae (Reporter)", "Jaedon Godley (Davon Lacks)", "Tyvonna Jones (Elsie Lacks)", "Raphael Dante' Carr Jr. (Young Sonny)", "Miguel Angel Marrero (Scientist)", "Courtney B. Vance (Sir Lord Keenan Coefield)", "Reed Birney (Dr. George Gey)", "Alpha Trivette (First Administrator)", "Terrence V. Walker (Church Patron)", "Sean Freeland (Charlie)", "Reg E. Cathey (Zakariyyah)", "William Walker (Hospital Utility Worker (uncredited))", "Gabriel Ebert (Christoph Lengauer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**You will know everything, but Henrietta Lacks!**\r\n\r\nIt's a good biographical drama, but the only problem is its not what exactly the title says. If you believed to learn about Henrietta Lacks and went to see it, you might end disappointingly. Because she was the only topic of the story, not the actual story, except a few glimpses. It is like you watched 'Infamous' or 'Capote', instead of 'In Cold Blood'. That's what like this film. Yet not a bad film.\r\n\r\nA writer pursuing the family members of a person who lived in the mid 20th century, because she was a medical phenomenon. Her cells used to treat cancer, despite she had died of cancer, leaving her young kids behind. Her descendants not aware of how things work in the medical research, only misguided by others, finally, set to discover the truth themselves about all the fuss.\r\n\r\nIt was nominated for the Emmy, but did not win. Oprah was okay, but Rose Byrne impressed me. Except a misleading title, it is a good film, but I really wanted/want to know the Henrietta Lacks. That's funny, because they have told us an unnecessary story. I hope somebody would make a film about actual Henrietta Lacks!\r\n\r\n_5.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [412904, 337426, 467924, 545957], "youtube_key": "X-jxEX1XQpY"}