{"tmdb_id": 42472, "title": "Le fant\u00f4me de Cat Dancing", "original_title": "The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing", "slug_title": "le-fantome-de-cat-dancing", "date": "1973-06-28", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un hors-la-loi tente de retrouver ses enfants. Mais sa vie se retrouve boulevers\u00e9e le jour o\u00f9 il rencontre une d\u00e9nomm\u00e9e Cat dont il tombe follement amoureux.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nTOEft0zyvizdt7lpSTCTZXQk0J.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Reynolds (Jay Grobart)", "Sarah Miles (Catherine Crocker)", "Lee J. Cobb (Lapchance)", "Jack Warden (Dawes)", "George Hamilton (Crocker)", "Bo Hopkins (Billy)", "Robert Donner (Dub)", "Sandy McPeak (Ben (as Sandy Kevin))", "Larry Littlebird (Iron Knife)", "Nancy Malone (Sudie)", "Jay Silverheels (The Chief)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Cat Prancing. \r\n\r\nRichard C. Sarafian directs and Eleanor Perry adapts the screenplay from Marilyn Durham's novel. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sarah Miles, Lee J. Cobb, Jack Warden, George Hamilton, Bo Hopkins, Robert Donner and Jay Silverheels. Music is by John Williams and cinematography (Panavision/Metrocolor) by Harry Stradling JR. \r\n\r\nTrain robbing outlaw starts to fall for a woman who inadvertently becomes a kidnapee. \r\n\r\nThe rumours and gossip behind the making of the film are far more interesting than the film itself. Miles was married to Robert Bolt (they would be married twice), and it is believed that Bolt had to do uncredited work on the script to make it better! This as Miles and Reynolds were having some fun after hours, while Miles' manager (David Whiting) died under suspicious circumstances during the production. \r\n\r\nThe production is, on a technical level, superb, the locations are outstandingly realised by Stradling's photography, while Williams shows his multi stranded genius by providing a number of different musical compositions throughout the pic. Sadly the film drags and come the midway point it just becomes dull. \r\n\r\nIt starts off promisingly, with a daring train robbery introducing us to a band of outlaws, led by Reynolds of course, who are interesting enough to keep us, well, interested. Yet this proves to be a false dawn as what looked like being a potent manhunt of the gang, with revenge flavoured seasoning and sexual tensions, quickly turns into a wet romance stretched out to nearly two hours run time. As Miles and Reynolds take center stage for the second half of film, you realise that Cobb and Warden have been criminally underused. Lead performances are OK, it's just that the narrative is uninteresting and poorly directed - though a pat on the back is warranted for the respectful writing of the American Indians. \r\n\r\nIt looks and musically sounds great, but really it's hard to recommend with confidence. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [75552, 22390, 25553, 3054], "youtube_key": "NFOb7yndkNo"}