{"tmdb_id": 424781, "title": "Sorry to Bother You", "original_title": "Sorry to Bother You", "slug_title": "sorry-to-bother-you", "date": "2018-07-06", "genre": "Fantastique / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir d\u00e9croch\u00e9 un boulot de vendeur en t\u00e9l\u00e9marketing, Cassius Green bascule dans un univers macabre en d\u00e9couvrant une m\u00e9thode magique pour gagner beaucoup d\u2019argent. Tandis que sa carri\u00e8re d\u00e9colle, ses amis et coll\u00e8gues se mobilisent contre l\u2019exploitation dont ils s\u2019estiment victimes au sein de l\u2019entreprise. Mais Cassius se laisse fasciner par son patron coca\u00efnomane qui lui propose un salaire au-del\u00e0 de ses esp\u00e9rances les plus folles\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dqsozyNrBBMjDJIahjLQRsXMG8p.jpg", "actors": ["Lakeith Stanfield (Cassius \"Cash\" Green)", "Tessa Thompson (Detroit)", "Jermaine Fowler (Salvador)", "Omari Hardwick (Mr. _______)", "Terry Crews (Sergio Green)", "Patton Oswalt (Mr. _______'s White Voice)", "David Cross (Cassius Green's White Voice)", "Danny Glover (Langston)", "Steven Yeun (Squeeze)", "Armie Hammer (Steve Lift)", "Mahari Crown (Fake Cash)", "Lily James (Detroit's White Voice)", "Kate Berlant (Diana DeBauchery)", "Michael X. Sommers (Johnny)", "Robert Longstreet (Anderson)", "Forest Whitaker (First Equisapien / Demarius)", "Rosario Dawson (Voice in Elevator (voice))", "Tom Woodruff Jr. (Equisapien)", "Molly Brady (Entertainment Tonight Reporter)", "Dawayne Jordan (Football Player)", "Teresa Navarro (Telemarketer)", "Tony Toste (Blackwater Agent)", "Omie Garba (Girl in VIP Room)", "John Ozuna ()", "William W. Barbour ()", "Marcella Bragio ()", "James D. Weston II ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Jedi Burrell", "content": "_Sorry To Bother You is \u201cunapollogetic\u201d, \u201cunafraid\u201d, \u201cimaginative\u201d._  \r\nThese are the reviews of audiences, and critics; it\u2019s hard to find someone that didn\u2019t like this movie (unless you\u2019re going to burrow through the Rotten Tomatoes audience reviews, in which case I\u2019m sorry.)\r\n\r\nThe cast is packed with familiar faces: Lakeith Stanfield (as Cassius) who also happened to be in _Get Out_, Jermaine Fowler who had just finished work on CBS\u2019 _Superior Donuts_, Danny Glover from the _Lethal Weapon_ films, and Terry Crews.\r\n\r\nThis movie had stunningly beautiful cinematography, and colors inspired by Bruce Block. Which is quite impressive considering the director (and writer) is a rapper with no background in film. But that story, what in the hell did I watch?\r\n\r\nIf you had seen the trailer and decided you want to go see this movie, maybe see it, but be prepared when that trailer just goes out the window. There isn\u2019t some shocker twist at the end, this is an entirely different story.\r\n\r\nDon\u2019t go in thinking this is going to be funny, know that it\u2019s a horror film and it will scar you. Think _Get Out_, but much, much worse (in a good way)."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Such a great level of surrealism. I love when the setting is completely believeable, normal people, who could easily be from our world, but their's is totally weird. One criticism I will give is the imperfections in the dubbing, normally not a big deal, but dubbing is so absolutely **vital** to the story of _Sorry to Bother You_ that it is hard to get past. It was still a very pleasant surprise though, one I recommend, and one I particularly commend the core cast's performance in.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [489925, 458737, 489930, 489931]}