{"tmdb_id": 42490, "title": "La Poussi\u00e8re, la sueur et la poudre", "original_title": "The Culpepper Cattle Co.", "slug_title": "la-poussiere-la-sueur-et-la-poudre", "date": "1972-04-15", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la Guerre de Secession, le jeune Ben Mockridge n'a qu'une id\u00e9e en t\u00eate : devenir cowboy. Apr\u00e8s avoir fait la rencontre de Frank Cullpepper, un propri\u00e9taire qui le prend sous son aile, Ben d\u00e9couvre un monde qu'il n'imaginait pas si impitoyable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wwhhXz18JcaMVHrY4i2qJd3rhfl.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Grimes (Ben Mockridge)", "Billy Green Bush (Frank Culpepper)", "Luke Askew (Luke)", "Bo Hopkins (Dixie Brick)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Russ)", "Wayne Sutherlin (Missoula)", "John McLiam (Thorton Pierce)", "Matt Clark (Pete)", "Raymond Guth (Cook)", "Anthony James (Nathaniel)", "Charles Martin Smith (Tim Slater (as Charlie Martin Smith))", "Larry Finley (Mr. Slater)", "Bob Morgan (Old John)", "Jan Burrell (Mrs. Mockridge)", "Hal Needham (Burgess)", "Jerry Gatlin (Wallop)", "Bob Orrison (Rutter)", "Walter Scott (Print)", "Royal Dano (Cattle Rustler)", "Paul Harper (Trapper)", "Jos\u00e9 Ch\u00e1vez (Cantina Bartender (as Jose Chavez))", "Arthur Malet (Doctor)", "Ted Gehring (Tascosa Bartender)", "Gregory Sierra (One-Eyed Horsethief)", "John Pearce (Spectator)", "Dennis Fimple (Wounded Man in Bar)", "William O'Connell (Bartender in Piercetown)", "Lu Shoemaker (Former Virgin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "When Little Mary Became A Man.\r\n\r\nThe Culpepper Cattle Co. is a splinter of the Western genre that was tagged as revisionist. Often the makers of such Oaters went for a more grizzled look at the West, even demythologising the Hollywood Westerns that had proved so popular for decades. Directed by Dick Richards, The Culpepper Cattle Co. is one such picture.\r\n\r\nYoung Ben Mockridge (Gary Grimes) wants to be a cowboy, to work on the drives and hone his gun play skills. When trail drive boss Frank Culpepper (Billy Green Bush) is in town, Ben begs him for work and is thrilled to be hired as the cook's Little Mary. What he isn't so thrilled about is actually what it's really like out there on a drive...\r\n\r\nAnd so it comes to pass, young Ben is at the bottom of the cowboy ladder and Richards and his writing team ensure there is no glamour to be found. The drive is beset with thievery and rustling, killings, stampedes, inner fighting and very hard work for very little pay. The men on the trail all look the same, they dress the same, they smell the same, they are all worked hard and understand the same weary banter.\r\n\r\nWhat camaraderie there is is kept to a minimum, they are a team in a working sense, but their loyalty only comes to the fore when they are tasked with fighting and killing' enemies. The bars are not all bright and sparkly, with a well suited man playing a piano, no these are dingy holes with dirty glasses. No bordello babes either, just a hapless lassie loaned out for services by a barkeep who has in his own mind some tenuous right to have her in his keep.\r\n\r\nThis is purposely downbeat, with the photography by Lawrence Edward Williams and Ralph Woolsey emphasising this fact by stripping back the colours for authenticity. While Jerry Goldsmith and Ralph Woolsey's musical score is deftly restrained, perfectly so. The story moves to its final conclusion, a confrontation that excites and depresses equally so, for even in the whirl of bullets and thundering hooves, the realisation dawns on Ben, and us, that nothing changes the life of the cowboys out there on the drives. It's live, work and die. Cowboyin is something you do when you can't do nothing else - Indeed! 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [64139, 184129, 147905, 40685]}