{"tmdb_id": 425591, "title": "I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore", "original_title": "I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore", "slug_title": "i-don-t-feel-at-home-in-this-world-anymore", "date": "2017-01-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Quand une femme d\u00e9pressive se fait cambrioler elle trouve une nouvelle motivation \u00e0 sa vie en traquant ses voleurs avec l'aide de son voisin acariatre. Mais bient\u00f4t cet \u00e9trange duo va devoir affronter un tas de criminels.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1stdUlXBc3nxqhdWvZ6wWWEbCQW.jpg", "actors": ["Melanie Lynskey (Ruth Kimke)", "Elijah Wood (Tony)", "David Yow (Marshall)", "Jane Levy (Dez)", "Devon Graye (Christian)", "Christine Woods (Meredith)", "Robert Longstreet (Chris Rumack)", "Gary Anthony Williams (Det. William Bendix)", "Jason Manuel Olazabal (Cesar)", "Jana Lee Hamblin (Trixie)", "Macon Blair (Bar Dude)", "Ray Mist (Sunglasses At Night)", "Jeb Berrier (Gearhead)", "Robin Blair (Grandma Sally)", "Myron Natwick (Killer Sills)", "Michelle Moreno (Jana)", "Chris Doubek (News Radio (voice))", "Marilyn Faith Hickey (Mrs. Hamble)", "Jared Roylance (Mrs. Hamble's Son)", "Lee Eddy (Angie)", "Taylor Tunes (Watermelon Girl)", "Derek Mears (Donkey Dick)", "Asha Sawyer (Party Guest)", "Kayla Dixon (Redhead)", "Matt Orduna (Dan)", "Dana Millican (Giggles)", "Sharae Foxie (Young Mom)", "Lana Dieterich (911 Operator)", "Maxwell Hamilton (Smoker)", "J.J. Green (Push-Ups)", "Audrey Walker (Party Wife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An event that changed Ruth's life forever!**\r\n\r\nNetflix's another future cult film. It deserved all the praises it had received. Those discarded actors joined hands here and it was Macon Blair's directional debut too. He also wrote for it, but sadly he stood only at behind the camera, except a tiny cameo. He has done his part magnificently. And so do the actors. Elijah Wood's one of the best films outside the LOTR. And Melanie Lynskey, I don't know when I saw her last time in a film, though good to see her in such a wonderful film.\r\n\r\nRuth's life is nothing but a mechanical life. She has no friends or a boyfriend. But one day when her house got robbed, that triggers her to take up the challenging task which is to hunt down the culprit. On her mission, an unusual friendship blossom with a neighbour. At first, it all goes smoothly, but once they make a direct contact with the burglar, their life's changes. It now gets very serious and there's no stepping back. So how they manage it all are the puzzle of the remaining tale.\r\n\r\nSo much fun to watch. I liked all the developments, how the events turned out one after another. But that final scene at the woods was a bit clich\u00e9d. That should have been different, to end the story on high. I only say don't miss it. The film posters are not impressive, but the film was excellent. Guaranteed entertainment, for most of the people. One of the year's best films.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [313922, 376134, 429200, 457962], "youtube_key": "a891D5_bGY4"}