{"tmdb_id": 42553, "title": "The Musketeers of Pig Alley", "original_title": "The Musketeers of Pig Alley", "slug_title": "the-musketeers-of-pig-alley", "date": "1912-10-31", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "The film is about a poor married couple living in New York City. The husband works as a musician and must travel often for work. When returning, his wallet is taken by a gangster. His wife goes to a ball where a man tries to drug her, but his attempt is stopped by the same man who robbed the husband. The two criminals become rivals, and a shootout ensues. The husband gets caught in the shootout and recognizes one of the men as the gangster who took his money. The husband sneaks his wallet back and the gangster goes to safety in the couple's apartment. Policemen track the gangster down but the wife gives him a false alibi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gSjO7ykxPA0HYpwZgKm7UnPI64x.jpg", "actors": ["Elmer Booth (Snapper Kid, Musketeers Gang Leader)", "Lillian Gish (The Little Lady)", "Clara T. Bracy (The Little Lady's Mother)", "Walter Miller (The Musician)", "Alfred Paget (Rival Gang Leader)", "John T. Dillon (Policeman)", "Madge Kirby (The Little Lady's Friend / In Alley)", "Harry Carey (Snapper's Sidekick)", "Robert Harron (Rival Gang Member / In Alley / At Dance)", "W.C. Robinson (Rival Gang Member (as Spike Robinson))", "Adolph Lestina (The Bartender / On Street)", "Jack Pickford (Rival Gang Member / At Dance)", "Gertrude Bambrick (At Dance)", "Lionel Barrymore (The Musician's Friend)", "Kathleen Butler (On Street / At Dance (uncredited))", "Christy Cabanne (At Dance (uncredited))", "Donald Crisp (Rival Gang Member (uncredited))", "Frank Evans (At Dance (uncredited))", "Dorothy Gish (Frizzy-haired woman in street (uncredited))", "Walter P. Lewis (In Alley / At Dance (uncredited))", "Antonio Moreno (Musketeers Gang Member / At Dance (uncredited))", "Marie Newton (At Dance (uncredited))", "J. Waltham (In Alley (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [49270, 90056, 105352, 116857], "youtube_key": "notfound"}