{"tmdb_id": 42564, "title": "La terre des Pharaons", "original_title": "Land of the Pharaohs", "slug_title": "la-terre-des-pharaons", "date": "1955-07-24", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Le pharaon Cheops est obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par l'or et souhaite emporter son tr\u00e9sor dans la tombe, afin d'en profiter quand il se r\u00e9incarnera. Il demande \u00e0 l'architecte Vashtar de lui construire un tombeau somptueux et inviolable. En \u00e9change, il lui promet de lib\u00e9rer son peuple, r\u00e9duit en esclavage. Mais la nouvelle femme du pharaon a d'autres plans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/if4ytKAhSQQa1PPiZmO1DJnj0Zc.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Hawkins (Pharaoh Khufu)", "Joan Collins (Princess Nellifer)", "Dewey Martin (Senta)", "Alex Minotis (Hamar)", "James Robertson Justice (Vashtar)", "Luisella Boni (Kyra)", "Sydney Chaplin (Treneh)", "James Hayter (Mikka)", "Kerima (Queen Nailla)", "Piero Giagnoni (Xenon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The barbarous love that left Egypt\u2019s great pyramid as its wondrous landmark.\r\n\r\nLand of the Pharaohs is directed by Howard Hawks and collectively written by Harold Jack Bloom, William Faulkner and Harry Kurnitz. It stars Jack Hawkins, Joan Collins, James Robertson Justice, Dewey Martin and Alex Minotis. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and cinematography by Lee Garmes and Russell Harlan. \r\n\r\nIt falls into the filmic splinter of historical epics that thrived greatly in the 50s and 60s, where a cast of thousands are costumed up to the nines, the sets sparkle and location photography smoothes the eyes. Land of the Pharaohs has all these things, what it does lack is a high end action quotient, the makers choosing to craft a picture about intrigue in Pharaoh Khufu\u2019s (Hawkins) court as the great pyramid is constructed. This is not to say it\u2019s a dull picture, it maintains interest throughout, with shifty shenanigans afoot, femme fatale connivings and plenty of slaves standing proud for their cause. While the big finale is devilishly potent. \r\n\r\nHowever, one has to really close off the ears at times to avoid the dreadfully wooden dialogue, and some scenes are painfully misplaced, such as the sight of a miscast 45 year old Hawkins wrestling with a bull, I kid you not. Also miscast is Collins, undeniably sexy, but never once does she convince as an Egyptian princess, and her make-up is awful. There are stars in the film, but it does in fact lack star power. The real stars are Tiomkin, Garmes and Harlan, who each bring the spectacle of the production to vivid life. It was a minor flop at the box office and Hawks pretty much disowned it, but it\u2019s not without intelligence and in spite of its flaws it\u2019s a good watch for historical epic loving adults. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [65609, 29175, 51047, 132248]}