{"tmdb_id": 425751, "title": "The Hero", "original_title": "The Hero", "slug_title": "the-hero", "date": "2017-06-09", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Ancienne ic\u00f4ne \u00e0 la voix d'or, Lee Hayden vit dans le pass\u00e9, revivant ses heures de gloires en fumant de l'herbe avec son ami, ancien membre de son groupe devenu dealer. Mais quand Lee apprend qu'il est atteint d'un cancer, il revoit ses priorit\u00e9s et tente de renouer le contact avec sa fille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1xz4ggwOJi8FUsjsLDbFrCxyK0e.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Elliott (Lee Hayden)", "Laura Prepon (Charlotte Dylan)", "Nick Offerman (Jeremy Frost)", "Krysten Ritter (Lucy Hayden)", "Katharine Ross (Valarie Hayden)", "Doug Cox (Doctor)", "Max Gail (Gary Babcock)", "Jackie Joyner (Betsy)", "Patrika Darbo (Diane)", "Ali Wong (Ali Wong)", "Frank Collison (Man in Dream)", "Andy Allo (Bartender)", "Cameron Esposito (Cameron Esposito)", "Linda Lee McBride (Linda)", "Christopher May (Director)", "Todd Giebenhain (Actor)", "Demetrios Saites (Paparazzi Cameraman)", "Norman De Buck (Bounty Hunter (uncredited))", "Barbara Scolaro (Actress (uncredited))", "Ryan Sweeney (Tennis Instructor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The tale of an aging iconic actor!**\r\n\r\nThis film is kind of honours Sam Elliott for his real life achievement. Anyway, he was phenomenal. The film was realistic, so most of the parts were slow moving. This is about an aging film actor, who has not worked on any projects recently. So desperate to get one, but sad news brings a speed breaker to his life. Now confused him, does not know how to approach the rest of the life. He starts with his family to fix the past mistake. The remaining tale focused on his other things.\r\n\r\nIt was Sam Elliott's major role in decades. This should be watched for him considering his real life as an actor. It will be a good film for those who have seen his old films, particularly westerns. The actor who did not just survived because of his iconic mustache and golden voice, but have given fine performances too. This was a too simple film. It do has emotions, but not appealing enough. I might slightly rated it low, but the film is good, at least for once watching.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [250667, 323555, 91283, 27265]}