{"tmdb_id": 425722, "title": "Behind the Blue Door", "original_title": "Za niebieskimi drzwiami", "slug_title": "behind-the-blue-door", "date": "2016-11-03", "genre": ["Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "After a serious car accident, Lukasz discovers that the blue door in his new room lead to alternate reality.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ajRjheOkbVebqtIzFqnV1cmVjY0.jpg", "actors": ["Dominik Kowalczyk (\u0141ukasz)", "Ewa B\u0142aszczyk (Ciotka Agata)", "Magdalena Nie\u0107 (Mama \u0141ukasza)", "Michal Zebrowski (Krwawiec)", "Teresa Lipowska (Cybulska)", "Adam Ferency (Doctor)", "Justyna Sie\u0144czy\u0142\u0142o (Nurse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A door to unleash the miracles!**\r\n\r\nI did not expect another 'Narnia' here. But I knew once learning about the plot and seeing the film poster that I might feel the familiarity. Most of the fantasy themes revolve in a similar fashion, especially those about stepping into an alternate world. So basically it is a cliche than any other way around we think.\r\n\r\nAs for children's perspective which this film was aimed for, there's nothing to whine about. Surely they would enjoy watching it. But us being the grown-ups, we must give up the adultness, if we want to have a good time with it. This is a harmless film in anyway and has to have in its way than ours.\r\n\r\nI can defend it if I want to, but the point is the grown ups should stop the way they look at such film and reject them like it was made for them or forced to see it. For me it was only just an above average. The attempt was great. The film originally based on the book of the same name. Colourful visuals, particularly in those required parts. But the depth was missing. The story was very simple. There were no big adventures or goes deep into the characters. But at the end, it all feels it had went through a lot. Every detail, the twist, all falls into a line.\r\n\r\nIt was about a mother and her young son, Lukasz. They seem a little joyous family. On one morning while driving to the school, an accident happens. Leaving Lukasz fractured knee, but his mother in coma. Then his old school aunt comes in and takes him back to her place as she has a business to take care. Not knowing what would happen to his mother, while wandering around, Lukasz enters an alternate dimension. It was fun in the initial, but then a trouble follows him. Now with the help of his new friends, he has to fight back the dark force threatening to take over his world.\r\n\r\n> -xX] It does not look curable. I reckon she's done for. [Xx-\r\n\r\nThe visuals were not impressive. But then it does not matter if you get the twist correctly. Overall an acceptable quality for sure. The twist was decent, but it could be a surprising one of the kids. From all, the antagonist was really something to be scared of. I mean for the little one. Yes, the bad guys were terrifying. Something that you see in horror films. Graphics or make-ups, whatever it was, they have done a nice job. But surely the little kids would be frightened of it. I mean like below 7. That's what the parents should be careful of.\r\n\r\nI'm sure these youngsters are the fresh faces, but they were good. The filmmakers too did their parts very well. Since I haven't read the book I can't compare. Though looks it was not a bad adaptation. I did not see it digital 3D, that experience would have been another level. But it depends whether you favour that technology or not. The west has already given up on it, except for the mega projects. But in the east, the trend still remains. So I think it would have been nice to watch in 3 dimensions. Because such film somewhat relies on that kind of format.\r\n\r\nThis is a Polish film and see it as the same way. Comparing it with Hollywood is what downgrades. Polish film industry is not as rich as Hollywood to stand to equal. But in its capacity, it had given a decent film. I respect that and expect the same from you as well, if you want to see it. Believe me, if this same film was made in Hollywood, even I would have said it's a poor film. That's the big difference here.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed watching this little Polish fantasy. I don't know it is a book series, but I'm happy with one-off. Not a bad idea to reveal previous accounts in a prequel. Either way it works for me. And finally, this is definitely a worthy film. In my personal opinion, it was much better than 'Fantastic Beasts', excluding production difference. Now you decide!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}