{"tmdb_id": 42581, "title": "Trois b\u00e9b\u00e9s sur les bras", "original_title": "Rock-a-Bye Baby", "slug_title": "trois-bebes-sur-les-bras", "date": "1958-07-23", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Clayton Poole (Jerry Lewis) est un gars solitaire sans amour ni enfant qui vit seul dans son appartement mais qui est amoureux fou d'une amie d'enfance, Carla Napollis (Marilyn Maxwell). Elle est une star de cin\u00e9ma et donne naissance \u00e0 des tripl\u00e9es. Malheureusement le mari de Carla est mort et elle veut confier ses filles \u00e0 Clayton qui accepte, mais il se rend compte qu'\u00e9lever trois filles seul est dur et il n'est pas mari\u00e9. Il a le p\u00e8re de Carla, Gigi Napollis, sur le dos, mais celui-ci finit par appr\u00e9cier Clayton. Pour garder ses trois filles, il se marie avec la petite s\u0153ur de Carla, Sandra Napollis (Connie Stevens). Finalement Carla annonce ses fian\u00e7ailles secr\u00e8tes avec Clayton, et celui-ci est recherch\u00e9 par la police...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cebnonC9mU3IZSIxOKRFyRREHP3.jpg", "actors": ["Jerry Lewis (Clayton Poole)", "Marilyn Maxwell (Carla Naples)", "Connie Stevens (Sandra Naples)", "Salvatore Baccaloni (Gigi 'Papa' Naples (as Baccaloni))", "Reginald Gardiner (Harold Hermann)", "Ida Moore (Miss Bessie)", "Gary Lewis (Young Clayton)", "Isobel Elsom (Mrs. Van Cleeve)", "James Gleason (Doc Simpkins)", "Hans Conried (Mr. Wright)", "Hope Emerson (Mrs. Rogers)", "Alex Gerry (Judge Jenkins)", "Mary Treen (Nurse)", "Judy Franklin (Young Carla)", "Will Wright (Fire Chief (uncredited))", "Mary Foran (Miss Menefee (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lewis and Tashlin Open Up Their Cartoon Book.\r\n\r\nA loose remake of Preston Sturges' wonderful The Miracle of Morgan's Creek, Rock-a-Bye Baby is safe entertainment for the Jerry Lewis fans. Here he plays Clayton Poole, a small town guy whose childhood sweetheart, Carla Naples (Marilyn Maxwell) is now a big film star. When she finds she is pregnant, the problems it will cause her career prompts her to coerce Clayton into looking after what turns out to be triplets! Much prat-falling and high energy chaos ensues.\r\n\r\nAs befitting the Tashlin/Lewis combination, it's all very cartoonish in visual presentation. Narratively outside of Lewis' mad-cap rearing of the babies, there's a running thread of Carla's sister, Sandra (Connie Stevens), being hopelessly in love with Clayton - who of course has no idea, while the sentimental strings are pulled as Clayton fights to not lose the kids to a shifty legal guardian.\r\n\r\nThe musical numbers start to grate on the nerves after a bit, with them feeling like attempts to show off something that isn't there, and the running time is too long to sustain this type of comedy. But once a Lewis fan then always a Lewis fan, with that in mind Rock-a- Bye Baby still has enough fun and frothery to make it above average entertainment. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [22390, 53441, 24062, 53581]}