{"tmdb_id": 425932, "title": "Aulad", "original_title": "\u0914\u0932\u093e\u0926", "slug_title": "aulad", "date": "1968-09-15", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Mamta lives a poor lifestyle with her husband, Dinu, and two sons, Mohan, and Sohan. When Ram Lal, the wealthy Zamindar, Kanta Prasad Gupta's Munim, comes to them to take Sohan to Mrs. Sharda Gupta for ten days, they reluctantly permit him to do so. After 10 days, Gupta himself approaches them and begs them to let his wife keep Sohan for life. They tearfully agree. Then Mohan gets into trouble, and Dinu scolds him, only to find out that Mohan has run away from home. A search proves futile, and the couple continue to live a childless life. Now 17 years later, Mamta is seriously ill, and asks Dinu to bring Sohan back. Dinu goes to the Zamindar's house where he meets a young man who identifies himself as the real son, Suraj, and informs him that Sohan has been asked to leave. A devastated Dinu loses his memory and roams listlessly on the streets of Calcutta, unable to remember anything.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rTxJkzUhJFow30xhoMMSewifKHj.jpg", "actors": ["Jeetendra (Arun / Sohan)", "Babita Kapoor (Bharti Gupta)", "Mehmood (Chamanlal 'Charlie' Singaporie)", "Sujit Kumar (Dr. Mohan)", "Manmohan Krishna (Kanta Prasad Gupta)", "Manmohan (Suraj / Arun)", "Achala Sachdev (Sharda K. Gupta)", "Sulochana Chatterjee (Mamta (Dinu's Wife))", "Aruna Irani (Shobha R. Lal)", "Helen (Courtesan)", "Nazir Hussain (Dinu)", "Jeevan (Munim Ram Lal)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}