{"tmdb_id": 42619, "title": "Willie Boy", "original_title": "Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here", "slug_title": "willie-boy", "date": "1969-10-31", "genre": ["Drame / Western"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Indien de la tribu Paiute, Willie Boy revient dans sa r\u00e9gion natale, en Californie, afin d'y \u00e9pouser la femme blanche qu'il aime, Lola Boniface. Le p\u00e8re de celle-ci s'y oppose cat\u00e9goriquement. En \u00e9tat de l\u00e9gitime d\u00e9fense, Willie Boy finit par le tuer et s'enfuit avec elle. Le sh\u00e9rif local, Cooper, se lance \u00e0 leur poursuite \u2026 Il d\u00e9couvre bient\u00f4t le corps de la jeune femme abattue (coutume indienne ou solidarit\u00e9 de la femme attach\u00e9e \u00e0 celui qu'elle aime ?). D\u00e9sormais, et en d\u00e9pit de la sympathie qu'il \u00e9prouve pour l'Indien, Cooper n'aura d'autre recours que d'ex\u00e9cuter le fugitif, qui, de son c\u00f4t\u00e9, n'avait pas charg\u00e9 son arme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hfWhOebi4UAFPjrP8Ip5uptS6LY.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Redford (Deputy Sheriff Christopher 'Coop' Cooper)", "Katharine Ross (Lola)", "Robert Blake (Williw Boy)", "Susan Clark (Dr Elisabeth Arnold)", "Barry Sullivan (Ray Calvet)", "John Vernon (George Hacker)", "Charles Aidman (Judge Benby)", "Charles McGraw (Sheriff Frank Wilson)", "Shelly Novack (Johnny Finney)", "Robert Lipton (Charlie Newcombe)", "Lloyd Gough (Dexter)", "Ned Romero (Tom)", "John Wheeler (Newman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Great desert scenery, modern filmmaking and great cast, but it absurdly rewrites history  \r\n\r\nLoosely based on the true story of the West\u2019s last famous manhunt in 1909, a Chemehuevi-Paiute Indian named Willie Boy (Robert Blake) kills a man in self-defense and escapes into the desert wilderness with an Indian woman (Katharine Ross). They are pursued by a posse led by Sheriff Cooper (Robert Redford). Meanwhile, residents of the region are preparing for a visit from President Taft.\r\n\r\nRedford was in his prime after his breakthrough success with \u201cButch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid\u201d (1969) and the outstanding \u201cDownhill Racer\u201d (1969). \u201cTell Them Willie Boy Is Here\u201d came out next and was critically acclaimed. While a modest hit, it failed to achieve the success of the other two films, especially \u201cButch Cassidy.\u201d It has since fallen into nigh obscurity and is almost never mentioned in \u2018Best Western\u2019 lists.\r\n\r\nAlong with \u201cHombre\u201d (1967) and \u201cButch Cassidy,\u201d and soon-to-come Westerns like \u201cThe Missouri Breaks\u201d (1976), \u201cWillie Boy\u201d ranks with the breakthrough \u2018modern\u2019 Westerns of the 60s-70s. The movie is polished and hardly seems to have dated after all these decades. The director was an admitted communist who was blacklisted by the McCarthy squad in the late 40s and \u201cWillie Boy\u201d was his big return to filmmaking.\r\n\r\nThe cast is great, also including the stunning Susan Clark as a patronizingly liberal white missionary, and the desert scenery is spectacular. But the first half is dull and the story doesn\u2019t perk up until the 50-minute mark. Still, this is a worthwhile late 60\u2019s Western if you like the style of the others noted.\r\n\r\nWhat lowers my grade is the LIEberal rewriting of the historical facts in order to gel with the Indian-as-tragic-victim theme that was fashionable at the time. The real Willie Boy was in his mid-20s and kidnapped the 15 year-old Isoleta, his second time, after murdering her father in his sleep. Willie Boy used Isoleta as a pack animal and, when she couldn't walk any more, shot her in the back. Her clothes were shreds while her skin had swellings & bruises and there were cactus needles in her body. Her shoes were worn out and her feet bloodied. \r\n\r\nWillie Boy ultimately committed suicide with his last bullet and his corpse was found after the part-Native posse chased him for eleven days and over 500 miles in the picturesque wasteland. In short, Willie Boy was a piece of sheet who executed two of his own; and yet this movie has the audacity to make him out to be tragic figure oppressed by righteous authorities. Why Sure!\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 37 minutes and was shot in the deserts of S. Cal (Banning, Pioneertown, Joshua Tree, Riverside, Palm Springs, Whitewater and Lake Sherwood).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [72163, 211566, 44766, 60287], "youtube_key": "4Z2J5Rr1EVw"}