{"tmdb_id": 42620, "title": "Die sieben M\u00e4nner der Sumuru", "original_title": "Die sieben M\u00e4nner der Sumuru", "slug_title": "die-sieben-manner-der-sumuru", "date": "1969-03-14", "genre": "Action / Aventure", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k65l7NX58jW3T0ALJwZOxzLP5JB.jpg", "actors": ["George Sanders (Sir Masius)", "Maria Rohm (Leslye)", "Shirley Eaton (Sumuru)", "Richard Wyler (Jeff Sutton)", "Herbert Fleischmann (Carl)", "Elisa Mont\u00e9s (Irene)", "Beni Cardoso (Yana Yuma)", "Marta Reves (Ulla Rossini)", "Walter Rilla (Ennio Rossini)", "Jes\u00fas Franco (Guitar Player)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1969 and directed by Jes\u00fas Franco, \u201cThe Girl from Rio\u201d (aka \u201cRio 70\u201d) stars Richard Wyler as a handsome man on a mission in Rio who\u2019s caught between a mobster (George Sanders) & his heavies (Herbert Fleischmann) and a femme fatale (Shirley Eaton) who wants to rule the world with her army of machine gun-fortified feminazis.\r\n\r\nThis is the second part of a duology after \u201cThe Million Eyes of Sumuru\u201d (1967), which I\u2019ve never seen and you don\u2019t need to view to appreciate (or withstand) this one. \u201cThe Girl from Rio\u201d is a tacky late 60\u2019s spy-adventure that combines elements of \u201cThat Man from Rio\u201d (1964), Franco\u2019s \u201cKiss Me, Monster\u201d (1969), \u201cInvasion of the Bee Girls\u201d (1973) and Bond flicks of the same period, albeit without the budget and compelling script. \r\n\r\nIf you have a taste for those types of movies you\u2019ll probably enjoy \u201cRio.\u201d Like \u201cKiss Me\u201d and \u201cInvasion\u201d there\u2019s a lot of filler and the corresponding tedious sequences. A full 35 minutes of the runtime could\u2019ve (and should\u2019ve) been cut to make the movie more enthralling, but then it wouldn\u2019t be \u201cfeature length,\u201d which is why filmmakers add dull \u201cfiller\u201d material. \r\n\r\nWhat makes a movie like this worthwhile is the late 60\u2019s chic, the outlandish spy rudiments and the babes. Eaton, the gold-painted girl from \u201cGoldfinger\u201d (1965) leads the way on the latter front with capable assist from Marta Reves (Ulla), Beni Cardoso (Yana), Elisa Mont\u00e9s (Irene) and Maria Rohm (Lesley). In an interview Eaton said she wept on the plane home from Rio because filmmaking was so exhausting and she desperately wanted to be with her husband & children. It was understandably her last film.             \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hours & 34 minutes and was shot in (aduh) Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with studio work done in Spain. WRITER: Harry Alan Towers. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}, {"pseudo": "stackkorora", "content": "This movie was more softcore porn than an actual movie and it was more long pointless camera shots than it was anything else. The characters are near pointless, the acting terrible, the story confusing - I really think this was just to show women in skimpy costumes. I barely got through it with the Rifftrax commentary which at least provided something entertaining in this weird film."}], "recommandations_id": [88431, 413788, 470006]}