{"tmdb_id": 426257, "title": "Roxanne, Roxanne", "original_title": "Roxanne, Roxanne", "slug_title": "roxanne-roxanne", "date": "2017-01-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Elle a grandi dans les ann\u00e9es 1980 dans un quartier chaud de New York et marqu\u00e9 l'histoire avec la \"Guerre des Roxanne\". Roxanne Shant\u00e9, la reine ado des battles de rap.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4WHkXS4828gKrhZg4Tje5gj5QVs.jpg", "actors": ["Chant\u00e9 Adams (Roxanne Shant\u00e9)", "Mahershala Ali (Cross)", "Nia Long (Ms. Peggy Gooden)", "Elvis Nolasco (Ray)", "Kevin Phillips ()", "Shenell Edmonds ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "A-Dubya", "content": "I was hoping for more. I thought it would delve further into her battles in the hip-hop world, and include more than just brief cameos of rap legends and icons (Biz Markie, MC Shan, Marley Marl, and a young NaS), but instead it turned into just a pseudo-bio/male-bashing escapade. I enjoyed some parts about it, primarily the focus on her rap career, Roxanne's Revenge, and how she came up in the game, but a lot of the time, it felt like this film was something it wasn't advertised as. \r\n\r\nBeing a huge hip hop fan, mainly of the 80's and 90's, I was excited when i saw a biopic on Roxanne Shante. I'm a huge fan of NY hip hop from this era. I was disappointed when most of the film focused on her family struggles, and poor relationships (I would even say decisions too) with men. I knew there would be a backstory about her upbringing, but instead of really talking about the hip hop pioneer that she was, and maybe battles with KRS and others, it was like a 45 minute man-bashing flick veiled as a doc about a hip hop legend. Almost every male character is basically portrayed as abusive, manipulative, violent, or a sexual predator. The few males that somewhat have redeemable qualities are pushed aside, not to be focused on.  This trope is one that seems to be the norm far too often in films of the last few years. It is very annoying to me, and reeks of disillusion. Every male is not a creep, just as every female is not a saint in the real world. Even the last excerpt at the end of the film before the credits was so out of place, and didn't seem to fit anything other than an agenda to bash males for \"not handling their responsibilities, and bringing women flowers\". What this has to do with hip hop culture, or anything relevant, for that matter, is beyond me. \r\n\r\nIt could have been so much better, if it legitimately was about the career of Roxanne Shante, and her rise as a hip hop icon in the 80's. 2 door knocker ear rings out of 5."}], "recommandations_id": [489998, 459224, 395119, 491104], "youtube_key": "IKA8H_LolNM"}