{"tmdb_id": 426469, "title": "Growing Up Smith", "original_title": "Growing Up Smith", "slug_title": "growing-up-smith", "date": "2017-02-03", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Familial / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ncALkAajnctju0CYKH4bFm40QJD.jpg", "actors": ["Roni Akurati (Smith Bhatnagar)", "Brighton Sharbino (Amy Brunner)", "Jason Lee (Butch Brunner)", "Anjul Nigam (Bhaaskar Bhatnagar)", "Hilarie Burton (Nancy Brunner)", "Poorna Jagannathan (Nalini Bhatnagar)", "Jake Busey (Officer Dick)", "Samrat Chakrabarti (Older Smith Bhatnagar)", "Shoba Narayan (Asha Bhatnagar)", "Tim Guinee (Officer Bob)", "Alison Wright (Mrs. Reynolds)", "Austin Harrod (Billy MacNamara)", "James Hyland (Stan Swanson)", "Jack Hyland (Steve Swanson)", "Alice Callahan (Older Amy Brunner)", "Randall McNeal (Christian Man)", "Dan Coplan (Paramedic Clemmons)", "David Aranovich (Officer Randall)", "Paul Castro Jr. (Patrick)", "Edward Prostak (Middle-Aged Vampire)", "Deema Aitken (Dude #1)", "Laurie Dawn (Smiling Woman)", "Ben Sloane (Dude #2)", "Bryson Pitts (Rockwell Son (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The first crush.**\r\n\r\nThe film was completed back in the T15, but it only released recently. Another Hollywood's Indian connection theme. This is about an Indian family living is the United States. Everything was told from a young boy's viewpoint. Growing up in a traditional Indian house, daily facing the western society, his struggle on caught between two cultures were shown to us as a hilarious life adventure.\r\n\r\nI have been waiting for this film, at some stage I had forgotten its existence. When I came across an old trailer I've had saved in my hard drive, immediately I started to stream the film. It does not have big stars nor the big budget. It was a simple comedy about the culture collision. So there's no reason to expect it to surprise me. I enjoyed just as the way it was.\r\n\r\nThe original title was 'Good Ol' Boy', upon release, it was renamed. Both the titles justifies on what the film had narrated. It was a 70s tale, a little Indian family in the United States is almost living the American dream had to face the cultural differences. A young boy from the family named Smith is obedient to his parents, but when love bug bites him, all are going to change forever.\r\n\r\nWhen a most famous family in their neighbourhood becomes close to them, kids from both the families develops a think friendship that goes all the way from their homes to the school. But it was more than a friendship for them. As the days of months of cultural exchange between them while their parents struggling to get along, finally, what brings the twist in the tale takes us straight to the finale.\r\n\r\n> -xX] There she was, a touch of heaven a mere 30 yards from me, yet a heaven unreachable. [Xx-\r\n\r\nThe story was a flashback. The old Smith recalls his childhood memory, particularly his first crush. The cross culture narratives are really fun, especially when they highlight the outcome. Because the outcome is not same for everybody, but how they make it for their comfort. It was a typical Indian parenting. But the kids wanted to experience the real America. Just like the Oscar nominated animated short 'Sanjay's Super Team'.\r\n\r\nI think the writing was good, that included writers from both the cultures. Yet there were some scenes, too offendable, if you are an Indian. Because Indians easily offend for everything. Since it was a comedy flick, those things do not mean anything so seriously. It was just a way to make it very funnier, but the things became sillier. That's a traditional way of making a Hollywood comedy. If you are familiar with that, you will get it. But they have pushed it hard, yet the film was not harmed with boring cliches.\r\n\r\nFrom the picture colour tone to everything, takes us to the 70s, like it was made 30-40 years ago. Nice casting too. Particularly the boy. And not to forget his father as well who might have been a supporting character, but a show stealer. Jason Lee too had a decent role and so the rest of them. A feature film directional debut for the filmmaker and he was not bad at all. He should only get better from here on.\r\n\r\nIt is entertaining. A good timepass film, a good weekend film to watch with family and friends. It was a nice comedy that's gone unnoticed for several reasons which are common for such small titles. But in this digitally streaming world at your finger tip, that's should not happen. If you are reading this, then I say try it. Of course it was not a great film, but one of the best films of the year. The critics say it was a nice film and so those small chunks of people who saw it also thumb upped. Now it's your turn to join them or go against than totally ignore it!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [19151]}