{"tmdb_id": 426550, "title": "Laugh in the Sleeve", "original_title": "\u4e09\u7b11\u59fb\u7de3", "slug_title": "laugh-in-the-sleeve", "date": "1975-02-08", "genre": ["Musique / Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "TONG Pak-Fu, CHUK Chi-Sang, MAN Ching-Ming and CHOW Man-Bun were the four famous learned-men in classical Mid-China. They were on good terms. Once, they picniced and visited the monkish home in Fu-Yau Mounts. While there they encounter the Lady of WAH Prime Minister in a sedan followed by a train of servants and maids. One of the maids named CHAU Heung was very attractive. Pak-Fu was attracted by CHAU Heung and tried every opportunity to get near her, and caused a lot of laughter. HE even followed CHAU Heung to Han-Chow. The Prime Minister needs a library mate urgently. Pak-Fu takes this opportunity to apply for it and was accepted. He tried to date CHAU Heung when she brings snacks to the library one day. She rebuked him for giving up his future prospects. The three friends of Pak-Fu discover that Pak-Fu had disappeared. They soon find out his whereabout. With the help of the 2nd daughter-in-law of the Prime Minister, a cousin of Pak-Fu...... the two lovers eventually get married.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Lung Kim-Sang (Tong Pak-Fu)", "Mui Suet See (Chau Heung)", "Jue Kim-Daan (Chow Man-Bun)", "Yin Suet-Fan ()", "Leung Sing-Bo ()", "Liang Tsi-Pak (Prime Minister Wah)", "Tam Bing-Man ()", "Lee Heung-Kam ()", "Lydia Shum ()", "Leung Tin (Chuk Chi-Sang)", "Yat Fan Lau ()", "Wu Fung (Man Ching-Ming)", "Kwan-Min Cheng ()", "Lai Cheuk-Cheuk (Lady Wah)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}