{"tmdb_id": 426670, "title": "Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love", "original_title": "Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love", "slug_title": "dolly-parton-s-christmas-of-many-colors-circle-of-love", "date": "2016-11-30", "genre": "Drame / Familial", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3D0qqB0WG6CbQYsK5CqLHtygFIE.jpg", "actors": ["Alyvia Alyn Lind (Dolly Parton)", "Dolly Parton (The Painted Lady)", "Jennifer Nettles (Avie Lee Parton)", "Ricky Schroder (Robert Lee Parton)", "Gerald McRaney (Rev. Jake Owens)", "Kelli Berglund (Willadeene Parton)", "Hannah Nordberg (Judy Ogle)", "Jane McNeill (Aunt Estelle)", "Stella Parton (Corla Bass)", "Kennedy Brice (Gloria Sanders)", "Cameron Jones (Uncle Billy)", "Farrah Mackenzie (Stella Parton)", "Alana Cavanaugh (Bessie Jean)", "Parker Sack (David Parton)", "Mitch Eakins (Floyd)", "Mary Lane Haskell (Miss Moody)", "Erin Reese DeJarnette (Sheperd / School Girl)", "Forrest Deal (Rudy Sanders)", "Dylan Michael Rowen (Denver Parton)", "Blane Crockarell (Bobby Parton)", "Stephanie Astalos-Jones (Grandma Rena)", "Austin Waits (Church Goer)", "Hannah Goergen (Cassie Parton)", "Doug Stroup (Miner Medic)", "Jennifer D. Taylor (Aunt Dorothy Jo)", "Ethan Daniels (Sheep / School Boy)", "Caleb Martin (Townsfolk (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The Parton family's Christmas preparation!**\r\n\r\nA follow-up to Dolly Parton's 'Coat of Many Colours'. This time it is a Christmas theme. As usual the tale was told from young Dolly's view. The Parton family is readying for the festival. The list is long what everybody wants for Christmas. But time to sacrifice for something more important for family than individuals. Everybody contributes, yet does not meet the requirement. So the extra adventure begins, on one end the father takes a risky job far away from home and Dolly decides to sing on the streets. The remaining story is to tell how it all ends.\r\n\r\nI saw it when the Christmas is just 30 days away. A perfect season to watch such film. But it was an okay film. Being a Christian film, the previous one did not bother me. But this one went out of the control, like it became a fantasy. Yeah, the end was un-believable for a film based on the real. I always like to see on the screen how a family struggles against the odds, but being reality is most matters. It just slipped away in a few occasions, including at the end twist. Still a nice film for families. All the cast had returned and they all were good. Directed by the same filmmaker. One time watchable film.\r\n\r\n**6/10**"}], "recommandations_id": []}