{"tmdb_id": 42693, "title": "Enter Laughing", "original_title": "Enter Laughing", "slug_title": "enter-laughing", "date": "1967-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "David Kolowitz, a nice young man living with his parents in New York City in 1938, works at a machine repair shop. His parents want David to study to become a pharmacist. But what he really wants is to be an actor like his idol, Ronald Colman. One day, at his friend Marvin's suggestion, David tries out for a part in a play, and gets it, despite his obvious lack of acting experience (not to mention ability). True, it's a rather small part in a low-rent production. Leading the troupe is a washed-up, alcoholic actor who hires David at the urging of his actress-daughter, who finds David \"cute.\" To play his part, David must come up with his own costume - a tuxedo - and pay the house five dollars a week, ostensibly for tuition. But it is David's first acting job, one which calls for him to \"enter laughing.\" And if it doesn't work out - well, there's always pharmacy school.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r8dbcQ79xPpGlu8AxvzytoCTXaf.jpg", "actors": ["Reni Santoni (David Kolowitz)", "Jos\u00e9 Ferrer (Harrison B. Marlowe)", "Shelley Winters (Mrs. Emma Kolowitz)", "Elaine May (Angela Marlowe)", "Jack Gilford (Mr. Foreman)", "Janet Margolin (Wanda)", "David Opatoshu (Mr. Morris Kolowitz)", "Michael J. Pollard (Marvin)", "Don Rickles (Harry Hamburger)", "Richard Deacon (Pike)", "Nancy Kovack (Linda aka Miss B)", "Herbie Faye (Mr. Schoenbaum)", "Rob Reiner (Clark Baxter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}