{"tmdb_id": 42739, "title": "The War Zone", "original_title": "The War Zone", "slug_title": "the-war-zone", "date": "1999-06-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Pour Tom et ses quinze ans, la zone de guerre se trouve au coeur m\u00eame de sa famille. Ni pauvre ni riche, apparemment heureuse. Lorsque la famille quitte Londres pour la campagne du Devon, Tom se trouve confront\u00e9 \u00e0 la solitude et \u00e0 l'ennui. Mais rien ne peut le pr\u00e9parer \u00e0 la decouverte du secret qui lie son p\u00e8re, Dad, \u00e0 sa soeur, Jessie, \u00e2g\u00e9e de dix-huit ans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fBWdMZWMVgWzXboPMTbNljG61tG.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Winstone (Dad)", "Tilda Swinton (Mum)", "Lara Belmont (Jessie)", "Colin Farrell (Nick)", "Freddie Cunliffe (Tom)", "Kate Ashfield (Lucy)", "Aisling O'Sullivan (Carol)", "Megan Thorp (Baby Alice)", "Kim Wall (Barman)", "Annabelle Apsion (Nurse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Darkness in Devon.\r\n\r\nTim Roth dons the directing hat for the first time and brings to the screen a shattering tale of incest and child abuse. Alexander Stuart adapts from his own novel and it stars Ray Winstone, Lara Belmont, Freddie Cunliffe and Tilda Swinton. Story is about a family who have moved from London to the Devonshire coast. The son, Tom, is unhappy and feels alienated in the new surroundings, but when he discovers a dark family secret, things become much much worse.\r\n\r\nIt's an uncomfortable viewing experience at times, making it a film you don't readily recommend, but Roth's approach to the story gives out a powerful message without exploitation or sermonising. The script is deliberately taut and sparse, while the marrying up of the crashing waves and jagged rocks of the locale with the emotional turmoil is a deft piece of directing. The use of newcomers Belmont and Cunliffe add a potent sense of realism to the whole thing, aided no end by an intelligent screenplay that doesn't go for conventionality. Quite simply it's an unforgettable film, a claustrophobic emotional battering ram of celluloid. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31692, 107934, 56448, 9774], "youtube_key": "vsMRoJ5ZpkM"}