{"tmdb_id": 42756, "title": "L'Ange de Broadway", "original_title": "Angels Over Broadway", "slug_title": "l-ange-de-broadway", "date": "1940-10-02", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un petit employ\u00e9 de bureau doit rendre \u00e0 son patron les 3000 dollars qu'il a d\u00e9tourn\u00e9s. Sur le point de se suicider, il entre dans une bo\u00eete de nuit. L\u00e0, un \u00e9crivain alcoolique, un petit escroc et une danseuse au ch\u00f4mage, vont tenter de l'aide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r0uyIG6yDu6lZ538CUmCEKtNJCn.jpg", "actors": ["Douglas Fairbanks Jr. (Bill O'Brien)", "Rita Hayworth (Nina Barona)", "Thomas Mitchell (Gene Gibbons)", "John Qualen (Charles Engle)", "George Watts (Joseph Hopper)", "Ralph Theodore (Dutch Enright)", "Eddie Foster (Louie Artino)", "Jack Roper (Eddie Burns)", "Constance Worth (Sylvia Marbe)", "Harry Antrim (Court Clerk)", "Walter Baldwin (Rennick)", "Richard Bond (Stevie - Sylvia's Escort)", "Jack Carr (Tony)", "James Conaty (Nightclub Patron)", "Frank Conlan (Joe)", "Jimmy Conlin (Pawn Shop Proprietor)", "Catherine Courtney (Miss Karpin)", "Carmen D'Antonio (Nightclub Dancer)", "Tommy Dixon (Checkroom Boy)", "Edward Earle (Vincent - Headwaiter)", "Bess Flowers (Nightclub Patron)", "Caroline Frasher (Street Walker)", "Roger Gray (Gambler)", "Carlton Griffin (Nightclub Waiter)", "Ben Hecht (Man in Night Court)", "Art Howard (Night Court Judge)", "Jerry Jerome (Gambler)", "William Lally (Stage Doorman)", "Ethelreda Leopold (Cigarette Girl)", "Patricia Maier (Girl)", "Blanche Payson (Large Woman)", "Lee Phelps (Police Lieutenant)", "Al Rhein (Gambler)", "Walter Sande (Lunch Wagon Counterman)", "Cy Schindell (Jack)", "Harry Strang (Gambler)", "Fred Sweeney (Mr. Hugo)", "John Tyrrell (2nd Waiter)", "Billy Wayne (Second Cabby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "No demons, just excellently written angels.\r\n\r\nProduced, directed and written by Ben Hecht, Angels Over Broadway is a film that I personally hadn't heard of until it showed up on one of the British Freeview stations this last week. The first thing what surprised was the bona fide classy cast list, Mr Charm himself, Douglas Fairbanks Jr, Miss Beautiful 1940, Rita Hayworth, Mr Ever Watchable, Thomas Mitchell & Mr Undermentioned, John Qualen. The next thing that surprised me was during a bit of research I learned that critics of the day gave the picture a hard time for not soft soaping the audience, madness really, because this is a razor sharp and highly efficient picture.\r\n\r\nSet around one night on Broadway, our four main characters come together courtesy of Charles Engle's {Qualen} intention to kill himself over a huge debt. Mistakenly thinking that Engle has loads of cash to burn, Bill O'Brien {Fairbanks} enlists Nina Barona {Hayworth} in the hope of luring Engle to a poker game run by seedy gangster types, and thus fleecing him of his cash, where of course the pair of them will get a cut. Yet boozy playwright Gene Gibbons {Mitchell}, upon learning of Engle's suicidal leanings, hatches a plan to turn the tables on the poker fiddlers and turn Engle's life around. Naturally tho, not everything is going to go to plan!\r\n\r\nA smashing film that shines brightly with quality acting and comically astute writing, so if you get the chance then give it a go and you might be as surprised as I was. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was a fun watch, included in my oddly-titled yet truly economical Mill Creek 'Classic Romances' 8-pack, which I purchased because I love old movies and it was only $10. Though if you really stretch the definition of 'romance', the designation fits, that aspect is but a very minor component of this, and the other films', workings. The 2-time Oscar winner (both wins, and all six nominations, were for screenwriting prowess) Ben Hecht directed this, and he did a decent job, even throwing in the odd bit of idiosyncratic flair. I must admit though I admire him more for his writing--he's made such a mark on cinema with simply the handful I'll casually mention here (Underworld--an Oscar-winner, The Front Page, Scarface, Nothing Sacred, Angels with Dirty Faces, Gunga Din, His Girl Friday, The Shop Around the Corner, Foreign Correspondent, Lifeboat, Spellbound, Gilda, Notorious, Rope) from ones I have personally seen and adored.\r\n\r\nI must admit I'm more familiar with Douglas Fairbanks Sr.'s work than that of his son here, and it's really different watching Rita Hayworth at this stage of her career, playing a shy, na\u00efve waif--nothing like the force of nature she would become just a few years later with 'Gilda' and her short, tempestuous marriage to Orson Welles.\r\n\r\nIn short, the story works for me, that of a boozing playwright, struggling actress and hustler helping a suicidal man out of a jam. It's a sweet little movie that's worth owning and rewatching. I honestly wish they still made little wonders like this these days. Not everything has to be either Star Wars or Hamlet."}], "recommandations_id": [35006, 73902, 28115, 40719]}