{"tmdb_id": 427574, "title": "Wagner: Der Ring Des Nibelungen Part 4 - G\u00f6tterd\u00e4mmerung", "original_title": "Wagner: Der Ring Des Nibelungen Part 4 - G\u00f6tterd\u00e4mmerung", "slug_title": "wagner-der-ring-des-nibelungen-part-4-gotterdammerung", "date": "2012-09-11", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The last of the four music dramas in Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen. On the rock of Br\u00fcnnhilde the three Norns weave fate. Valhalla must burn, bringing an end to the gods. Siegfried acquires Br\u00fcnnhilde\u2019s strength as a Valkyrie. He gives her his ring, and she gives him Grane, her horse. Hagen urges his half-brother Gunther to marry Br\u00fcnnhilde, although she is fated to be the wife of Siegfried, who is tricked into marrying their sister, Gutrune. Br\u00fcnnhilde curses Siegfried and tells Hagen he can be wounded only from the back. Hagen pierces Siegfried\u2019s back and mortally wounds him. Siegfried's body is brought back, to Gutrune's distress. Gunther and Hagen fight and the former is killed, but the ring cannot be taken from Siegfried's body. Br\u00fcnnhilde orders a pyre to be raised and rides into it on Grane, wearing the ring, which will return, on her death, to the Rhinemaidens, who drag Hagen down to the depths of the river. Valhalla finally burns.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3daV96aDSFidwborSDUDq8zwpPH.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}