{"tmdb_id": 427648, "title": "Till We Meet Again", "original_title": "Till We Meet Again", "slug_title": "till-we-meet-again", "date": "2016-11-25", "genre": ["Drame / Aventure"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Follows a couple through their completely different journeys in Thailand and simultaneously reveals their past in New York through flash backs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wUAfJDkRfTVDjvNvsT0UdtgiRxt.jpg", "actors": ["John Matton (Erik)", "Linnea Larsdotter (Joanna)", "Emrhys Cooper (David)", "Astrea Campbell-Cobb (Miranda)", "Timothy Ryan Hickernell (Jamie)", "Elly Han (Cecile)", "Vithaya Pansringarm (Surachai)", "Rachel Rossin (Laura)", "James Kacey (Sam)", "James Beaman (Dan Thompson)", "Isaac Byrne (Mr. Hayes)", "Adam DeCarlo (Cashier Jerry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A relations getting ready to face its ultimate fate!**\r\n\r\nThis is a US-Thai collaboration. Ninety-nine per cent of the film was shot in Thailand, but full of American cast. They are not well recognisable cast. Precisely to say, a B movie. And we all know the first rule watching such film, that never expect anything. But if it serves, even least would be a good achievement. Sometimes they do surprise us too. In this case, it was not. It was average, though not bad as you might have heard.\r\n\r\nYep, it was very slow. Especially in the opening segment. A bit confusing as well. Within 10-15 minutes, that problem was solved. Yet the pace of the story posed a great annoyance. So if you get over with that, then you might find it an okay film. As I said, for a such small film, the effort was not bad. That includes the actors. Except the story. Very familiar theme, characters and the whole scenario. You could predict most of the parts, but you know when there's a diversion, you can't say which way particularly it Would head. That's I'm saying because of the ending.\r\n\r\nErik, Joanna, David and Miranda are the central characters. But primarily it focused on the relationship between Erik and Joanna. They are an average young American couple. It all starts when Joanna concerned about her work project. She needs to go to Thailand, and as per the plan, Erik meets her later as what the title meant. So there will be a few weeks gap between them. That's where the tale takes a twist. Being parted, their relationship put to a test. So when finally they meet up again, what will be their position regarding their relationship, is what discloses to us.\r\n\r\n> \u275dYou were just accidentally funny.\u275e\r\n\r\nVery challenging first quarter to watch, and so the following one. But once you passed that, its a watchable film. Worth a watch too, though not a must see or for everyone. As I always say, if you had seen plenty of films themed romance and relationship, then this will be in some way another boring repetition. But if you watch films rarely, then you need to be patience, in order to enjoy or like it. In the end, I'm saying it again that is not a bad film, they just did not make it in a right way. Trimming a few scenes to make it a quick and shorter film would have made a trick.\r\n\r\nAs for the story, I feel sorry for Joanna. Of course she did not handle the given situation. But she had a professional pressure. And while fully engaged in that, the people took advantage of it. Then, if you think of Erik, it was mostly a case of misunderstanding and self-discovery. So any tale, especially in romance and relationship, these things are the basic ingredient to lay a platform. The writers should have seen beyond that and tried to add a little fresh perspective.\r\n\r\nI hope the director had learnt a lesson. This is his first feature film and I felt he was good, except he did not get best screenplay. I mean the basic story was good, but the screenplay lacks for the production level. What it needed was a bit cheerful. Because the entire stretch was so serious. All it talks about the relations, tried to develop even in a small gap. What I meant was, the narration has a flashback. Not a single flashback, but pieces that attached throughout the film. Those flashback pieces come into play only when the story was going other direction, to remind us with the previous account, how it was before to this point.\r\n\r\nA big disadvantage watching it was the intentional scenes and its dialogues. You predict them or not, but surely they have deliberately done them in that way. Particularly in the scenes of jealous, misunderstanding, taking advantages. After watching the whole story, at that point when it reached the final stage, minutes away to conclude, you could still anticipate or curious to know how it's going to end. But that's not a twist or even close to one. For a poor start and average middle part, the final act was fine. Just fine. I would say a fitting end. I always happy to give a try the B movies, and so I did the same for this. But blaming things around it is unnecessary, if you knew the risk you're taking, otherwise don't watch it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "mNBnNZH7fQ8"}