{"tmdb_id": 427900, "title": "Un coeur \u00e0 prendre", "original_title": "Home Again", "slug_title": "un-coeur-a-prendre", "date": "2017-09-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Alice vient de se s\u00e9parer de son mari. Lors d\u2019une soir\u00e9e organis\u00e9e par ses copines pour lui remonter le moral, elle rencontre trois jeunes cin\u00e9astes en gal\u00e8re d\u2019appartement. Sur un coup de t\u00eate, elle leur propose d\u2019emm\u00e9nager dans sa grande maison \u00e0 Beverly Hills o\u00f9 elle vit d\u00e9sormais seule avec ses enfants. Alors qu\u2019une relation amoureuse commence avec l\u2019un d\u2019entre eux, son ex-mari revient \u00e0 la maison pour poser ses valises\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pE4VHzhDZgvbx2QOllaXXPADiW1.jpg", "actors": ["Reese Witherspoon (Alice Kinney)", "Pico Alexander (Harry Dorsey)", "Michael Sheen (Austen Bloom)", "Candice Bergen (Lillian Stewart)", "Nat Wolff (Teddy Dorsey)", "Jon Rudnitsky (George Appleton)", "Lake Bell (Zoey Bell)", "Lola Flanery (Isabel Bloom)", "Eden Grace Redfield (Rosie Bloom)", "Reid Scott (Justin Miller)", "Dolly Wells (Tracy)", "P. J. Byrne (Paul)", "Josh Stamberg (Warren)", "Jen Kirkman (Kori)", "Hank Chen (Jason Greene)", "Alex Alcheh (Jason A.)", "Jeremiah Caleb (Rajeesh)", "Gwyneth Glover (Gwyneth Bell)", "Kovar McClure (Rob Bell)", "Samantha Ressler (Maya)", "Michael Cyril Creighton (Brad)", "Paige Cato (Miss Avery)", "David Netto (John Kinney)", "Gaylinn Dean (Young Alice Kinney)", "Christine Woods (Yoga Mom)", "Sophia Bui (1970 Actress)", "Hope Watson (1970 Actress)", "Alex Noiret (1970 Actress)", "Kim Senser (1970 Actress)", "Paige Spara (Bartender)", "Taylor Carr (Dance Club Bartender)", "Robb Derringer (Dinner Guest)", "Shi Ne Nielson (Zoey's Decorator)", "Nick L. Williams (Waiter)", "Doug Locke (Mad Youth Actor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Midlife crisis, and to begin life afresh!**\r\n\r\nWe the viewers ask for something different, and here's the one. This was slightly different than the usual films. Only on the characters, but the story was pretty much the same like about jealousness. The story of a middle aged woman and to begin the life again. Alice a daughter of a famous filmmaker, is not all happy in her life after the marriage is at in the risk of collapse. Then suddenly all changes when three youngsters she meets at the club. What follows after is to enlighten her life, but not everything's going to be fine. It could be more trouble than the solution she's hoping for, especially for a long term in mind. So what are those issues and how it resolved were told in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nFrom a new director. She wrote it as well. I've seen many women director's films in this year than any other. They are making revolution here. This is actually a decent film, but surely not a bad one as you have heard. Reese Witherspoon was awesome. She always good at such roles. So basically this film is for her to watch. But the three young actors too was not bad. The story was better, especially how it all ended. This is for the gown ups, above 25-30 years old people. Because of how everything revolved, only they can understand it better. And also for the open minded people, because it's about the modern moral thing like traditional sentiments in a relationship were removed to narrate this tale. So definitely a decent film to watch once in my opinion!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [431530, 384677, 353569, 397422], "youtube_key": "l9lmo3zdM4M"}