{"tmdb_id": 42797, "title": "The Unsinkable Molly Brown", "original_title": "The Unsinkable Molly Brown", "slug_title": "the-unsinkable-molly-brown", "date": "1964-06-11", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Majestic mountains are in the background and a waterfall in the foreground. Is that a canoe on the river? No it's a cradle with a baby. The buoyant Molly Brown has survived the first crisis of her life -- a flood. Sixteen years later she sets out to make her way in the world. Can she sing and play the piano? She assures the Leadville saloon keeper that she can and learns quickly. Soon she is the bride of Johnny Brown, who in a few years will be able to replace the original cigar wrapper wedding ring with a replica in gold and gemstones. But it takes more than a few million dollars to be accepted by Denver society. The Browns head for Europe and bring a few crowned heads back to Denver for a party that turns into a ballroom brawl. Molly goes to Europe alone, returning on the Titanic. She didn't survive a flood as a baby for the story to end here.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mTIrko0NYDlsU2EmP3dy2z2w1T9.jpg", "actors": ["Debbie Reynolds (Molly Brown)", "Harve Presnell (Johnny Brown)", "Ed Begley (Shamus Tobin)", "Jack Kruschen (Christmas Morgan)", "Hermione Baddeley (Buttercup Grogan)", "Fred Essler (Baron Karl Ludwig von Ettenburg)", "Harvey Lembeck (Polak)", "Lauren Gilbert (Mr. Fitzgerald)", "Kathryn Card (Mrs. Wadlington)", "Hayden Rorke (Malcolm Broderick)", "Harry Holcombe (Mr. Wadlington)", "Amy Douglass (Mrs. Fitzgerald)", "George Mitchell (Monsignor Ryan)", "Martita Hunt (Grand duchess Elise Lupavinova)", "Vaughn Taylor (Mr. Cartwright)", "Audrey Christie (Mrs. Gladys McGraw)", "Grover Dale (Jam)", "Brendan Dillon (Murphy)", "Gus Trikonis (Joe)", "Gertrude Astor (Denver Party Guest (uncredited))", "Minta Durfee (Denver Party Guest (uncredited))", "Anna Lee (Titanic Passenger in Lifeboat (uncredited))", "Scott McCartor (Ben (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [43750, 235012, 18700, 63180], "youtube_key": "Vk10MoMpMIA"}