{"tmdb_id": 42811, "title": "Free and Easy", "original_title": "Free and Easy", "slug_title": "free-and-easy", "date": "1930-03-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Gopher City Kansas hosts a beauty contest. The winner, Elvira Plunkett, and her mother go to Hollywood. The Chamber of Commerce also provides Elvira with an agent, Gopher City's own Elmer J. Butz. Elmer likes Elvira and the shy Elvira likes him, but Mrs. Plunkett, a formidable woman, has little use for hapless Elmer. On the train west, they meet movie star Larry Mitchell, who takes a shine to Elvira and helps her meet MGM directors once they get to Tinsel Town. Elmer, meanwhile, wants to help Elvira with her career and he also wants to be her man. Movie stardom does come to the Gopher City entourage, but to whom is a surprise. And who will win the lovely Elvira's hand?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4oNhFl4OMPVc4Rj5vh7b1l9soSZ.jpg", "actors": ["Buster Keaton (Elmer)", "Anita Page (Elvira)", "Trixie Friganza (Ma)", "Robert Montgomery (Larry)", "Fred Niblo (Himself)", "Edgar Dearing (Officer)", "Gwen Lee (Bedroom Scene)", "John Miljan (Bedroom Scene)", "Lionel Barrymore (Bedroom Scene)", "William Haines (A Guest)", "William Collier Jr. (Master of Ceremonies)", "Dorothy Sebastian (Cave Scene)", "Karl Dane (Cave Scene)", "David Burton (Himself)", "Jackie Coogan (Jackie Coogan - at Premiere (uncredited))", "Cecil B. DeMille (Director Cecil B. DeMille (uncredited))", "Ann Dvorak (Chorine (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}