{"tmdb_id": 428449, "title": "A Ghost Story", "original_title": "A Ghost Story", "slug_title": "a-ghost-story", "date": "2017-04-24", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique / Romance", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Apparaissant sous un drap blanc, le fant\u00f4me d'un homme rend visite \u00e0 sa femme en deuil dans la maison de banlieue qu'ils partageaient encore r\u00e9cemment, pour y d\u00e9couvrir que dans ce nouvel \u00e9tat spectral, le temps n'a plus d'emprise sur lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rp5JPIyZi9sMob15l46zNQLe5cO.jpg", "actors": ["Casey Affleck (C)", "Rooney Mara (M)", "Will Oldham (Prognosticator)", "Liz Cardenas Franke (Linda)", "Sonia Acevedo (Maria)", "Carlos Bermudez (Carlos)", "Yasmina Gutierrez (Yasmina)", "Brea Grant (Clara)", "Augustine Frizzell (Clara's Wife)", "David Lowery (Neighbor's Ghost)", "Kesha Rose Sebert (Spirit Girl)", "Rob Zabrecky (Pioneer Man)", "Grover Coulson (Man in Wheelchair)", "Kenneisha Thompson (Doctor)", "McColm Sephas Jr. (Little Boy)", "Barlow Jacobs (Gentleman Caller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "If a movie is boring on purpose, is it still boring?\r\nWell, as it turns out: Yes.\r\nBut props for trying something different.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A love story from another dimension!**\r\n\r\nI did not think what the title says was literal. I assumed some person with social-shy, wore a white cloth like a mask to confront it. Totally surprised by what I saw. Frankly, I did not like at the first. It was a boring start. I could not overcome that pie eating scene. It was damn too long for nothing. That kinds are the source of boredom. But the actress did good on that. Then what followed were amazing. I truly was not expected that. So at the end, I thought it was an average, then thought a decent and finally realised its something unique and awesome. The lesson is, the more time you give between watching the film and your opinion, the result would only get better.\r\n\r\nWell the story was so simple. A couple with their average life get affected when one of them dies in a car accident. Soon the ghost resides the house looking for a reason to stay. It is kind of a love story from another dimension. As the time passes on, things change and complicates the quest. But there's always a way to fix it, even for a ghost, so how its been done and what it is was the remaining story.\r\n\r\nThe cast was good, but most of the film it was about the ghost, which could have been anybody inside the sheet. So can't appreciate particularly anyone. As I have heard, Casey did all those parts as he should be. Even though that was not a praisable performance than a simple presence. It's his second collaboration with the director along with Rooney Mara. The one question that everybody who saw it needed to be answered is what was the note says. I googled and got the Q&A with the director that says, nobody knows, not even Mara remembers what she wrote.\r\n\r\nThis is one of the best films. With or without reason the story happened. But that's not the matter, instead, how cleverly, such a concept was developed and made into a film makes the interesting fact. They even did not require a higher end graphics, except in small quantity. It will gain a cult status and as the years go by, it will be considered one of best 1,000 films. So recommend it, but be patient, at least in the initial stage and take a day to give an opinion on it. Maybe reading articles about the plot if you have a doubt is good. Really a creative film!\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [418078, 429200, 399057, 394117]}