{"tmdb_id": 42852, "title": "Au revoir Mr. Chips!", "original_title": "Goodbye, Mr. Chips", "slug_title": "au-revoir-mr-chips", "date": "1939-07-28", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "M. Chipping, professeur dans un coll\u00e8ge anglais, m\u00e8ne une existence de solitaire. De nature discr\u00e8te, il ne parvient \u00e0 s'imposer aupr\u00e8s de ses \u00e9l\u00e8ves. Lors d'un voyage en Autriche, il tombe sous le charme de la s\u00e9duisante Kathie. Il l'\u00e9pouse et se m\u00e9tamorphose gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 son amour. Il parvient alors \u00e0 gagner le respect des \u00e9coliers. Mais Kathie meurt en donnant le jour \u00e0 leur enfant. Monsieur Chipping, que sa femme appelait \"Chips\", se consacre alors \u00e0 sa vocation d'enseignant. C'est alors que la guerre \u00e9clate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lQycgO2AB1KaQuyUFZYtsxYagJB.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Donat (Mr. Chips)", "Greer Garson (Katherine)", "Terry Kilburn (John Colley / Peter Colley I / Peter Colley II / Peter Colley III)", "John Mills (Peter Colley - as a Young Man)", "Paul Henreid (Staefel)", "Judith Furse (Flora)", "Lyn Harding (Wetherby)", "Milton Rosmer (Chatteris)", "Frederick Leister (Marsham)", "Louise Hampton (Mrs. Wickett)", "Austin Trevor (Ralston)", "David Tree (Jackson)", "Edmund Breon (Colonel Morgan)", "Jill Furse (Helen Colley)", "Scott Sunderland (Sir John Colley)", "Leonard Boucher ()", "Henry Caine (Bit Role)", "David Croft (Perkins - Greengrocer's Boy)", "Leo de Pokorny (Bit Role)", "Clive Dunn (Youth)", "Cyril Frankel (Schoolboy Extra)", "Peter Gawthorne (Army General)", "Dane Gordon (Cast Member)", "Martita Hunt (British Tourist on Bicycle)", "Simon Lack (Wainwright)", "John Longden (Raven)", "Patrick Ludlow ()", "Guy Middleton (McCulloch)", "Phyllis Morris ()", "Cyril Raymond (Teacher)", "J. H. Roberts (Doctor)", "Michael Shepley (Teacher)", "Nigel Stock (John Forrester)", "Ronald Ward ()", "Caven Watson ()", "Jack Lambert ((uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Open the dictionary, under the word charming it says Goodbye, Mr Chips.\r\n\r\nMr Charles Chipping is a very shy young man, he starts teaching at Brookfield, an all boys English school. His early days at the school don't go very well at all, after coming close to losing his job he goes too far by way of discipline and costs the school dearly by way of a sporting tradition. It seems that all the school is against him, be it the children or his fellow teachers, Mr Chipping can't do right for doing wrong. Whilst taking a holiday in the Austrian Alps, Chipping meets Katherine Ellis, from there his life and general manner will change dramatically - for the better.\r\n\r\nGoodbye Mr Chips just oozes classic status, from every single frame you get a wonderful vibe that takes you back to a time when innocence was all we had. I think that Goodbye Mr Chips surely touches most people? Maybe some folk in their make up have no time for such sweet sentimentality? But just maybe those people could do far worse than letting Mr Chips into their lives. It has taken me nigh on 30 years to actually get around to watching this film in its entirety, and having sat through it recently I feel rewarded beyond what I had originally hoped for. From the bumbling fear that Mr Chipping shows in the opening reel, to the closing scene that brings the whole damn film to its wonderful point, Goodbye Mr Chips is a truly beautiful, charming and joyous picture.\r\n\r\nOf all the Oscars that have been given over the years, Robert Donat's is one of the most deserved. It's a performance that fuses all the emotional traits required to outlay a character that's finding itself, be it shy and retiring, or a man driven by a willingness to succeed, Robert Donat layers this turn to such a point that it may well be a 30s standard. Greer Garson only has something like 20 minutes of screen time, but as 20 minute performances go - well it leaves a long and special impression. There is a scene as Donat and Garson dance with carefree abandon, this alone makes the film worth watching. Still, a film is only as good as its ending, and it's here that Goodbye Mr Chips delivers the crown to its royal subject, an ending that ties up all the emotional strings that make for a wonderful film. So if you haven't got a warm glow come the final credit? Well there is no hope for you really.\r\n\r\nThank you Mr Starkey and Mr Lowry, this film reminded me of your good teachings many years ago in my primary school years. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42607, 23283, 41253, 43258], "youtube_key": "3lk8Th5SAkE"}