{"tmdb_id": 428684, "title": "The Building of the Ark Encounter", "original_title": "The Building of the Ark Encounter", "slug_title": "the-building-of-the-ark-encounter", "date": "2016-08-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In this fast-paced new documentary, you will see the thrilling \"backstory\" of the building of the Ark Encounter. The hand of God is clear, so come along on a journey from the first brainstorming plan in 2004 to the Grand Opening in July 2016. Watch how this immense project came together. With behind -the-scenes interviews, beautiful fly-over footage, a time-lapse video of construction, a visit by former President Carter, and many other landmark moments, this DVD is one you will want to watch and share again and again. Hear from co-founders Ken Ham, Mark Looy, and Mike Zovath, plus lead exhibit designer Patrick Marsh and lead construction engineer LeRoy Troyer. Share the excitement! English subtitles. Approx. 30 minutes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jzZnOhg907EpB8Len4hL7Uv3HMk.jpg", "actors": ["Brad Benbow (Himself - Board Member)", "Craig Baker (Himself - Board Member)", "Don Landis (Himself - Chairman of the Board)", "Jenean Hampton (Herself - Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky)", "Ken Ham (Himself - President, CEO, and Co-founder)", "Mark Looy (Himself - CCO, Vice President of Outreach, and Co-founder)", "Dan Manthei (Himself - Board Member)", "Patrick Marsh (Himself - Vice President of Attractions Design)", "Harry Morton (Himself - Project Superintendent)", "Richard Skinner (Himself - Mayor of Williamstown)", "Keenan Tompkins (Himself - Owner of Colorado Timber Frame)", "LeRoy Troyer (Himself - Lead Architect)", "Mike Zovath (Himself - Chief Action Officer and Co-founder)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}