{"tmdb_id": 42860, "title": "The Stone Merchant", "original_title": "Il mercante di pietre", "slug_title": "the-stone-merchant", "date": "2006-09-15", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "The Merchant (Harvey Keitel) is a Westerner. A merchant dealing in precious stones from Afganistan and Turkey. He's above suspicion. In truth, the \"Stone Merchant\" is a Christian convert into Islam. He's rich, cultured, fascinating. Leda (Jane March) is a successful woman who works as Head of the Public Relations for a big company. She's married to Alceo, a professor at the Sapienza University, specialized in the history of terrorist movements. Alceo is on a wheel chair. He lost his legs in the attack to the American Embassy in Nairobi in 1998. Shahid is a terrorist. Now he's planning an attack along the English Channel. Their lives, their destinies cross in Turkey, where Leda and Alceo are on holiday. And the plot will go on to Rome and Turin till the epilogue of the attack on the ferry boat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g0ly1AjcaPFgRgZO1lUjVsj7H3o.jpg", "actors": ["Harvey Keitel (The Merchant)", "Jane March (Leda)", "Jordi Moll\u00e0 (Alceo)", "F. Murray Abraham (Shahid)", "Paco Reconti (Valerio)", "Bruno Bilotta (Libero)", "Lucilla Agosti (Lydia)", "Dhaffer L'Abidine (1st Egyptian (as Dhaffer Labidine))", "Eddy Lemare (2nd Egyptian)", "Federica Martinelli (Rita)", "Eleonora Martinelli (The Merchant Assistant)", "Riccardo Forte (Doc. Casellato)", "Alena Ivanov (Russian Woman)", "Maria Grazia Adamo (Female Student)", "Jonis Bashir (1st Somali)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58702], "youtube_key": "notfound"}