{"tmdb_id": 42871, "title": "Le Salaire de la violence", "original_title": "Gunman's Walk", "slug_title": "le-salaire-de-la-violence", "date": "1958-07-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Lee Hackett, un important \u00e9leveur de chevaux n\u2019est plus tr\u00e8s en phase avec son \u00e9poque, de plus en plus soucieuse de pacification. La loi du plus fort et celle des armes a tendance \u00e0 dispara\u00eetre alors qu\u2019il a construit son Empire en se basant essentiellement dessus. Veuf, il a \u00e9lev\u00e9 seul ses deux fils selon ses valeurs viriles sans se soucier du changement de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 ni des cons\u00e9quences sur deux caract\u00e8res aussi diff\u00e9rents. Ils vont finalement chacun lui poser des probl\u00e8mes et \u2018lui faire honte\u2019, le plus jeune d\u00e9cidant de s\u2019affranchir de sa tutelle en refusant la violence et, comble du d\u00e9shonneur, tombant amoureux d\u2019une m\u00e9tisse, l\u2019a\u00een\u00e9 en s\u2019enfon\u00e7ant au contraire dans la violence la plus d\u00e9brid\u00e9e sans arriver \u00e0 se contr\u00f4ler, cherchant \u00e0 \u00e9galer voire d\u00e9passer son p\u00e8re-mentor sans comprendre qu\u2019il s\u2019en \u00e9loigne encore plus. La confrontation entre ces trois figures arch\u00e9typales tournera \u00e0 la trag\u00e9die familiale,", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUGEWgmAeup5lh2tJ2f55nUYVSh.jpg", "actors": ["Van Heflin (Lee Hackett)", "Tab Hunter (Ed Hackett)", "Kathryn Grant (Cecily \"Clee\" Chouard)", "James Darren (Davy Hackett)", "Mickey Shaughnessy (Deputy Sheriff Will Motely)", "Robert F. Simon (Sheriff Harry Brill)", "Edward Platt (Purcell Avery)", "Ray Teal (Jensen Sieverts)", "Paul Birch (Bob Selkirk)", "Michael Granger (Curly)", "Will Wright (Judge)", "Dorothy Adams (Martha Stotheby)", "Harry Antrim (Dr. Thomas Butler)", "Bert Convy (Paul Chouard)", "Paul E. Burns (Cook)", "Everett Glass (Rev. Arthur Stotheby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm A Runaway.\r\n\r\nRancher and old school Westerner Lee Hackett is determined to mould his two sons in his own tough gun-fighting image. Something that backfires when his eldest boy, Ed, becomes a murderer.\r\n\r\nGunman's Walk on plot synopsis and summaries sounds like your standard B Western fare, and certainly the theme of parental influence is nothing new. But Phil Karlson's film, adapted from Ric Hardman's story, has many things going for it to keep it from being mundane and used solely as a time filler. It fuses together multiple issues, parenting, prejudice and ignorance during a time of change in the old Wild West, it's central character, Lee Hackett (Van Heflin), is seen as the link between old and new.\r\n\r\nHe has primarily lived his life as a shooter and killer of Indians, something that he is not totally committed to shaking off, but here he is now, a most respected and feared member of the community, faced with his two sons both taking different paths. One, Ed (Tab Hunter), is full of bile and gun slinging machismo, represents the old West. The other, Davy (James Darren), doesn't need a gun to feel like a man, his affection for half Indian Clee Chouard (Kathryn Grant) clearly gives a point of reference to the new West. It gives us two sides of the coin with one Lee Hackett perched firmly on the fence, to which Van Heflin gives an emotionally driven standout performance.\r\n\r\nI wouldn't say that Gunman's Walk is undervalued as such (its director most definitely is though), it's possibly more like it's been tarred with that old saying brush called \"B Western\", a saying that unfortunately some use derogatory. Whilst if the truth be told the support to Heflin is rather flat (both Hunter & Darren are average at best). But some average support acting can't stop Gunman's Walk from being an intelligent and potent genre piece. I mean if only for Heflin and the catchy central song, \"I'm A Runaway\", then you should see this, but as it is, if you give it your undivided attention you hopefully will find it's really rather good and clever. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [94139, 43351, 197605, 184129], "youtube_key": "yBDpJpBOgs0"}