{"tmdb_id": 42879, "title": "Miracle au village", "original_title": "The Miracle of Morgan\u2019s Creek", "slug_title": "miracle-au-village", "date": "1943-12-02", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance / Guerre", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une fille d'une petite ville avec un faible pour les soldats am\u00e9ricains se r\u00e9veille le matin apr\u00e8s une f\u00eate d'adieu sauvage pour les troupes de trouver qu'elle a \u00e9pous\u00e9 quelqu'un qu'elle ne se souvient pas.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/muufYsmj9bhiAWAUO8EJ108r3Np.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Bracken (Norval Jones)", "Betty Hutton (Trudy Kockenlocker)", "Diana Lynn (Emmy Kockenlocker)", "William Demarest (Constable Edmund Kockenlocker)", "Porter Hall (Jacob Woodson, Justice of the Peace)", "Emory Parnell (Mr. Tuerck)", "Al Bridge (Mr. Johnson)", "Julius Tannen (Mr. Rafferty)", "Victor Potel (Newspaper Editor)", "Brian Donlevy (Governor McGinty)", "Akim Tamiroff (The Boss)", "Chester Conklin (Pete (uncredited))", "Jimmy Conlin (Mayor (uncredited))", "Eddie Hall (Homecoming Spectator (uncredited))", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Sheriff (uncredited))", "Frank Moran (Military Police Sergeant #1 (uncredited))", "Almira Sessions (Mrs. Mariah Woodson)", "Esther Howard (Sally)", "Nora Cecil (Hospital Nurse)", "Joe Devlin (Benito Mussolini)", "Byron Foulger (Governor's Secretary)", "Arthur Hoyt (Governor's Secretary)", "Bobby Watson (Adolf Hitler)", "Torben Meyer (Dr. Meyer)", "Hank Bell (Homecoming Spectator)", "Jan Buckingham (Nurse)", "Georgia Caine (Mrs. Johnson)", "Bill Cartledge (Short Soldier)", "Hal Craig (State Policeman)", "Roger Creed (State Policeman)", "Robert Dudley (Man)", "Budd Fine (Military Police Sergeant #2)", "Kenneth Gibson (Secret Service Man)", "Louis Jean Heydt (Army Officer)", "George Melford (U.S. Marshal)", "Jack Norton (Country Club Man Ordering Champagne)", "Spec O'Donnell (Son of Townsman)", "Keith Richards (Secret Service Man)", "Harry Rosenthal (Mr. Schwartz)", "Freddie Steele (Soldier)", "Connie Tompkins (Cecelia)", "Max Wagner (Military Police Driver)", "Conrad Wiedell (Dancing Soldier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Magic Miracle Mirth In Morgan's Creek!\r\n\r\nAfter viewing this comic masterpiece I find during my research that the real miracle here is that the film ever got made in the first place! Coming as it did in 1944 wartime the film literally takes the rise out of everything held so wholesome in those troubled times. Preston Sturges has in his sights promiscuous servicemen, small town mentality, and the church, and it all makes for a complete riotous piece of work. Throw into the pot that Sturges cast the pristine Betty Hutton as a man mad airhead with few morals of note, well you can see that Sturges was pushing the censors as far as he could.\r\n\r\nTrudy Kockenlocker (Huton) gets drunk one night and has a night of passion with a soldier, in the morning she has sketchy recollections but thinks she may have married the guy? and not only that, she then falls pregnant.  Of course sure enough the soldier has long since gone as well. This turn of events is a big no no and Trudy's on & off boyfriend Norval Jones (Eddie Bracken) gets landed with the tag of being the Father. This sets us on an hilarious journey as Norval winds up being sought after by the authorities for a number of crimes he is oblivious to committing, thus is no hope for the couple unless a miracle can save them...\r\n\r\nThe performances here are sublime, both Hutton & Bracken seem to be having a competition to see who can out zany the other the best in each scene, and it really results in comedy gold. All the other actors give special shows as well, William Demarest is top dollar as Trudy's Policeman Father, Brian Donlevy, Diana Lynn & Akim Tamaroff are all in on the fun, and no frame is wasted, no line is a throw away, it's all right on the money. The direction is as flawless as the writing and it is just further proof that Preston Sturges was one of the greatest comedy directors to have ever worked. If you aren't holding your sides in during the final scenes here then you need to seek medical help immediately, either that or pray for a miracle...\r\n\r\n10/10 in every respect."}], "recommandations_id": [36498, 36495, 34778, 36497]}