{"tmdb_id": 428849, "title": "Mon h\u00e9ro\u00efne de No\u00ebl", "original_title": "A Firehouse Christmas", "slug_title": "mon-heroine-de-noel", "date": "2016-12-03", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Jenny est une jeune femme pompier. Sa relation avec Tom se complique lorsque l'ex-femme de celui-ci, Mary, fait appel \u00e0 lui pour booster les ventes de son nouveau livre. S'il n'accepte pas de faire semblant d'\u00eatre \u00e0 nouveau en couple avec elle, elle menace de demander la garde exclusive de leur fille...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/miroOiFcpeKkl3xtAB93KJ6q1df.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Hutchison (Jenny Jenkins)", "Marcus Rosner (Tom Norris)", "Anita Brown (Mary Hamilton)", "Bruce Dawson (James Hamilton)", "Jaeda Lily Miller (Sadie Norris)", "Benjamin Charles Watson (Parker Philips)", "Daniel Bacon (Jason Phillips)", "Rachel Hayward (Lori Lawrence)", "Jerry Trimble (Chief Taylor)", "Nelson Wong (Rob)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The writer, the firefighter, the town councilman, the shopkeeper and his daughter!**\r\n\r\nIt's the Christmas time, the television channels are filled with the Christmas contents. There are plenty of Christmas themed films, so it's hard to choose one, particularly the good one. Because they are first time airing, so there's no data about which one's good and which isn't. I randomly picked this one, but I have already seen half a dozen of titles in the current season. Every year, it's impossible to avoid them, so I go for it. But almost all of them are similar with slightly different to each other. That's what I expected in this as well.\r\n\r\nSo this film was focused on a gift shop man with a young daughter who is going through a divorce is looking to take the next step with his new girlfriend who is a firefighter. When his ex wanted him to pose as they are back together, just to increase the sales of her newly published book, it begins to hurt his girlfriend. Besides, all this complication, his daughter is the most affected. How everything will be solved once for all is brings the end to the tale.\r\n\r\nActually, this is not a bad film along those I have seen in the last couple of weeks. It was a simple story, the characters as well, but neatly expanded plot which is obviously predictable. The only thing I did not like was the lead actor, the remaining all were good. I'm not doubting his performance, which was actually fine, but he did not fit in with the others, especially for my eyes. So I won't expect similar distraction from you. The little girl Sadie, looked like some kind of related to Jeff Daniels, but I don't know. There's nothing big in the film and don't expect one. It is an enjoyable, silly, simple Christmas film with the family members.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [413441, 459828, 456191, 195757]}