{"tmdb_id": 429199, "title": "L'Autre c\u00f4t\u00e9 de l'espoir", "original_title": "Toivon tuolla puolen", "slug_title": "l-autre-cote-de-l-espoir", "date": "2017-02-03", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Helsinki. Deux destins qui se croisent. Wikhstr\u00f6m, la cinquantaine, d\u00e9cide de changer de vie en quittant sa femme alcoolique et son travail de repr\u00e9sentant de commerce pour ouvrir un restaurant. Khaled est quant \u00e0 lui un jeune r\u00e9fugi\u00e9 syrien, \u00e9chou\u00e9 dans la capitale par accident. Il voit sa demande d\u2019asile rejet\u00e9e mais d\u00e9cide de rester malgr\u00e9 tout. Un soir, Wikhstr\u00f6m le trouve dans la cour de son restaurant. Touch\u00e9 par le jeune homme, il d\u00e9cide de le prendre sous son aile.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ak1x5d7BwQxyASBrXfA79qdHP3o.jpg", "actors": ["Sakari Kuosmanen (Wikstr\u00f6m)", "Sherwan Haji (Khaled)", "Simon Al-Bazoon (Mazdak)", "Janne Hyyti\u00e4inen (Nyrhinen)", "Nuppu Koivu (Mirja)", "Ilkka Koivula (Calamnius)", "Kaija Pakarinen (Wikstr\u00f6m's Wife)", "Kati Outinen (Clothing Store Owner)", "Tommi Korpela (Melartin)", "Ville Virtanen (Judicial Authority)", "Timo Torikka (Police at the Station)", "Dome Karukoski (Huligan at the Bus Stop)", "Maria J\u00e4rvenhelmi (Reception Center Officer)", "Niroz Haji (Miriam)", "Mirja Oksanen (Judicial Authority)", "Lauri Untamo (Police in Front of the Shop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "In Aki Kaurism\u00e4ki's 2016 film <i>Toivon tuolla puelella</i> (\"The Other Side of Hope\"), the Finnish auteur continues a theme he explored in <i>Le Havre</i> from five years earlier: refugees fleeing to Europe and forced to survive when heartless officials and some locals are against them. While that earlier film was shot in the comparatively exotic setting of the eponymous French port, <i>Toivon tuolla puelella</i> returns to Kaurism\u00e4ki's familiar stomping grounds of downtown Helsinki.\r\n\r\nThe film consists of two converging plotlines. In one, the aging salesman Wikstr\u00f6m (Sakari Kuosmanen, a longtime member of Kaurism\u00e4ki's acting stable) leaves his wife, wins a lot of money in a poker game, and decides to open a restaurant. In the other, the Syrian refugee Khaled (Sherwan Haji) arrives in Helsinki after fleeing war-torn Aleppo and wandering across half of Europe, but he is worried about his sister that he got separated with along the way. Wikstr\u00f6m and Khaled eventually meet and become friends -- or the closest thing to friends that Kaurism\u00e4ki's exaggeratedly cold and morose Finns can get to each other. Before that, however, the Wikstr\u00f6m plotline serves to inject some humour, albeit of an extremely deadpan sort, into a film that, though Khaled, explores the depressing lives of refugees who are shuffled from one center to another and forced to wait for their cases to be processed.\r\n\r\nFor three decades now, Kaurism\u00e4ki has made all his films to a very distinctive template that virtually never varies. Its characters speak a minimum of dialogue to each other and show little expression on their faces. The sets are drab in colour and deliberately anachronistic, with gadgets, vehicles or clothes from the 1950s alongside computers and mobile phones from our time. At some point, a band will appear on stage playing oldies rock, blues, or Finnish tangos as the characters look on.\r\n\r\n<i>Toivon tuolla puelella</i> doesn't stray from that template either. Still, the script has enough fresh moments to it that it will feel worthwhile evento  longtime Kaurism\u00e4ki films who have sat through this template many times before. Some of the humorous bits are laugh-out-loud funny, but overall this does feel like a darker film than most of the director's work. It is ultimately a choked, restrained cry of rage at the way that refugees are treated, by a Nordic society that prides itself on fairness, equality and charity. While Kaurism\u00e4ki is roughly on the left politically, several of his films have attacked the Finnish welfare state for its opaque bureaucracy and its reduction of human beings to mere papers in a government file. This film continues that critique by depicting the refugees, who come from many countries but manage to band together to lend each other help, as the sort of neighborly solidarity that Kaurism\u00e4ki prefers to faceless bureaucracy.\r\n\r\nI personally wouldn't find this the best introduction to Kaurism\u00e4ki. His earlier film <i>Mies vailla menneisytt\u00e4</i> (\"The Man Without a Past\") depicted with more meat on its bone a down-on-his-luck man lost among bureaucracy, while the \u00fcber-idiosyncratic romantic comedy <i>Varoja paratiisissa</i> (\"Shadows in Paradise\") is one of Kaurism\u00e4ki's best achievements in deadpan humour. Still, <i>Toivon tuolla puelella</i> seems to tell a story universal enough to pull on everyone's heartstrings and is worth seeing."}], "recommandations_id": [407890, 407449, 374473, 58416]}