{"tmdb_id": 429204, "title": "Scientology: The Fundamentals of Thought", "original_title": "Scientology: The Fundamentals of Thought", "slug_title": "scientology-the-fundamentals-of-thought", "date": "2012-11-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "hat is the \u201cmeaning of life?\u201d So many of us spend most of our lives searching for the answer to this age-old question. Well, what if you have had the answers all along and all you ever needed were the tools to access them?  In this groundbreaking film, Scientology: The Fundamentals of Thought, you will embark on a remarkable journey, mastering the tools of life as you uncover the most important discovery you will ever make\u2014the knowledge of you.  Learn and immediately apply the fundamental processes and principles that define the primary architecture of how life works. Achieve a complete understanding of the mind, spirit and life. Recognize what motivates your actions and the actions of others, and unblock the barriers of the extraordinary potential you have locked inside.  Life is a game\u2014and quite simply, herein are the rules. You can be happier, more capable and play a better game, harnessing all life has to offer.  Scientology\u2014Behold the life force that is you.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a9gB2vsLJ1uZgyj5r5qViKckZax.jpg", "actors": ["Thomas Biebers (Boardmember)", "Brennan Burt (Joey)", "Jasmin De Main (Factory Worker)", "Danny Hansen (Husband)", "D'Andre Lampkin (Orientation Student)", "Marco Pancrazi (Painter)", "Danny Rawley (Football Player)", "Michelle Wei (Jennifer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "WG4i4JPd1Lk"}