{"tmdb_id": 42995, "title": "All\u00f4... Brigade sp\u00e9ciale", "original_title": "Experiment in Terror", "slug_title": "allo-brigade-speciale", "date": "1962-04-12", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Un psychopathe harc\u00e8le une employ\u00e9e de banque. Il ne lui laissera la vie sauve qu'\u00e0 la condition qu'elle d\u00e9tourne une forte somme d'argent \u00e0 son profit. La victime fait appel \u00e0 l'inspecteur John Ripley.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f5cebycHsrIH01RS5YU5BPyU3To.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (John 'Rip' Ripley)", "Lee Remick (Kelly Sherwood)", "Stefanie Powers (Toby Sherwood)", "Roy Poole (Brad)", "Ned Glass (Popcorn)", "Anita Loo (Lisa)", "Patricia Huston (Nancy Ashton)", "Gilbert Green (Special Agent)", "Clifton James (Capt. Moreno)", "Al Avalon (Man Who Picks Up Kelly)", "Ross Martin (Garland Humphrey 'Red' Lynch)", "Judee Morton (Louella Hendricks)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Operation Terror.\r\n\r\nExperiment in Terror is directed by Blake Edwards and adapted to screenplay by Mildred and Gordon Gordon from their own novel called Operation Terror. It stars Glenn Ford, Lee Remick, Stefanie Powers and Ross Martin. Music is by Henry Mancini and cinematography by Philip H. Lathrop. \r\n\r\nFilm begins with bank teller Kelly Sherwood (Remick) driving home through night time San Francisco, over head shots capturing the cityscape for backdrop purpose. Henry Mancini\u2019s haunting soundtrack hovers over Kelly\u2019s car in spectral fashion, until she arrives home in Twin Peaks and enters her garage, things fall silent as she gets out the car. She senses she\u2019s not alone, and she\u2019s right. A man whose face is obscured grabs her and puts one hand over her mouth, he tells her in his asthmatic voice that he knows everything about her and her young sister, and that if she doesn\u2019t do as she is told then pain, misery and death awaits them. She\u2019s to steal $100,000 from the bank where she works, he will even cut her in for 20%, what a swell fella eh? \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a brilliant opening, stylish film making meets a thematic atmosphere full of fear, tension and sexual menace. What follows is a superbly crafted movie, a bona fide thriller that is concerned with characterisations, concerned with wringing out maximum amounts of suspense by way of suggestions and conversations, there is no need to spill blood here, the threat and the fear is palpable throughout. The police procedural aspects of the story, headed by Ford\u2019s trusty and stoic detective, are played out with intelligence and always hold fascination appeal. Especially as the little snatches of time we spend with the villain leaves us in no doubt about how cruel and vile he can be. \r\n\r\nEdwards takes his time to build the story, stopping every once in a while to unfurl a special scene to reinforce the drama. Stand outs include a classic sequence in a room of mannequins and a genuinely chilling piece where our villain dresses in drag. Then there is the justifiably lauded finale played out at Candlestick Park during the culmination of a major league baseball game, thrilling in its execution and a fitting closure to the screw tightening approach favoured by Edwards. All the while Mancini\u2019s musical accompaniments act as a foreboding presence, dovetailing with the themes and characterisations at work in the play. \r\n\r\nVisually it\u2019s also impressive, filmed in gritty black and white, Edwards uses intense close-ups to ramp up the tension, dallies with angles to enforce emotional turmoil, while Lathrop always keeps the lenses stark, the contrasts rich and the use of angled shadows is most striking. Cast are superb, Remick makes for a strong heroine in spite of the constant peril she faces, Ford is a bastion of strength and virtue and Powers exudes youthful vulnerability without appearing as a whiny adolescent. Then there is Martin, turning in one of the most menacing villain turns of the 60s, it\u2019s a lesson in how to play evil without actually being extremely physical. As the character shifts from being a murdering predator to a man of heart who cares for a girlfriend\u2019s child, Martin convinces enough to make it a frightening proposition.\r\n\r\nHighly recommended. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [61105, 48155, 38042, 20298]}