{"tmdb_id": 43018, "title": "Gidget Goes Hawaiian", "original_title": "Gidget Goes Hawaiian", "slug_title": "gidget-goes-hawaiian", "date": "1961-06-02", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Musique / Romance", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uy53faGYcBfuBNyxVPwHLanG9Vg.jpg", "actors": ["Deborah Walley (Francine \"Gidget\" Lawrence)", "James Darren (Jeffrey \"Moondoggy\" Matthews)", "Michael Callan (Eddie Horner)", "Carl Reiner (Russ Lawrence)", "Peggy Cass (Mitzi Stewart)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Fun early 60\u2019s beach flick; lacks the depths of the first film\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1961 and directed by Paul Wendkos, \"Gidget goes Hawaiian\u201d chronicles events when Gidget (Deborah Walley) breaks up with Moondoggie (James Darren) and goes to Hawaii with her parents. By the time Moondoggie eventually shows up, Gidget is making time with a celebrity singer/dancer (Michael Callan) and soon has a rep as an \u201ceasy\u201d girl.  \r\n\r\nWalley has better curves than Sandra Dee in the original 1959 movie and she\u2019s generally fine as the new Gidget, but her annoying facial expressions paint a (seemingly) weaker, whinier protagonist. Dee was underdeveloped at 16 when \u201cGidget\u201d was shot, but there was something precious, dynamic and strong about her version of Gidget; moreover, the way the surf dudes cherished her was heartwarming. \r\n\r\nThis sequel comes up with its own group of five guys and five girls in Hawaii. The first half is entertaining as a fun early 60\u2019s beach drama, but the second half devolves into zany \u201cmistaken situation\u201d shenanigans (think Three\u2019s Company). Thankfully, this is made up by a commentary on the destructiveness of low-life gossip/slander. \r\n\r\nMiscellaneous observations: The beautiful Vicki Trickett is a highlight as Abby, which is contrasted by her two-faced, ignoble character. Trickett was 22 during shooting while Walley was 19. Callan has a remarkable song & dance sequence with a couple of masked females. The guy who plays Gidget\u2019s dad (Carl Reiner) is reminiscent of Nicolas Cage. There\u2019s an amusing bit on the Hawaiian moo moo dress, which is actually spelled muumuu or mu\u2019umu\u2019u.           \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 41 minutes and was shot in Malibu, California; Honolulu, O\u2019ahu, Hawaii; and 90 Mile Beach, Northland, New Zealand. WRITERS: Ruth Brooks Flippen & Frederick Kohner. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [42799, 43096, 39214]}