{"tmdb_id": 430193, "title": "Accident", "original_title": "Accident", "slug_title": "accident", "date": "2012-09-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Arko was a cricketer. He was an outstanding bowler and had also played for Bengal in the Ranjis. Unfortunately, a torn ligament and a blotched-up operation put an end to his budding career. Frustration and depression continuously bogged him down and he tried his best to seek an alternate career. One early morning, while dropping his son to school, an accident occurs. A private bus could not apply the brakes on time at a road crossing and runs over little his son. Arko is flung aside. He survives but his son does not. Arko's life is shattered.The driver of the private bus, is arrested and the bus is seized. The Insurance Company enters the scene. Investigations begin. Who was really at fault? Why did the bus not brake on time? Was it a mechanical fault? Was the bus driver only a scape-goat? As the investigations deepen, many unpleasant realities come to the fore and Arko together with Kartick, the driver and the Insurance agent, decide to take matters in his own hand.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Sabyasachi Chakraborty (Amit Durjari)", "Sankarshan Das (Babai)", "Rudranil Ghosh (Kartik)", "Debshankar Haldar (Swapan Chakraborty)", "Sampurna Lahiri (Riya)", "Kanchana Moitra (Rumki)", "Kharaj Mukherjee (MadanPatra)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko, Shiboprosad Mukherjee)", "Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay (Arko(Shiboprosad Mukherjee))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}