{"tmdb_id": 43051, "title": "Al Capone", "original_title": "Al Capone", "slug_title": "al-capone", "date": "1959-01-01", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Crime / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans cette biographie exceptionnellement pr\u00e9cis, capot petit temps Al Capone vient \u00e0 Chicago \u00e0 l'aube de l'interdiction d'\u00eatre le garde du corps de Johnny Torrio racketteurs. La mont\u00e9e en puissance de Capone \u00e0 Chicago gangdom est suivi par assassiner, l'extorsion, la fraude et politique. Il devient la t\u00eate du plus grand de Chicago \u00ab affaires \u00bb, mais se d\u00e9place inexorablement vers sa chute et \u00e0 la fin ignominieuse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oVGVWC615AHqwsVAiuRMEbdu7aD.jpg", "actors": ["Rod Steiger (Al Capone)", "Fay Spain (Maureen Flannery)", "James Gregory (Schaefler (narrator))", "Martin Balsam (Mac Keeley, reporter)", "Nehemiah Persoff (Johnny Torrio)", "Murvyn Vye (George 'Bugs' Moran)", "Robert Gist (Dion O'Banion)", "Lewis Charles (Earl Weiss)", "Joe De Santis (Big Jim Colosimo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Nobody who's smart goes hungry in Chicago.\r\n\r\nAl Capone is directed by Richard Wilson and written by Malvin Wald and Henry F. Greenberg. It stars Rod Steiger, Martin Balsam, Nehemiah Persoff, Fay Spain, Joe DeSantis and Murvyn Vye. Music is by David Raksin and cinematography by Lucien Ballard.\r\n\r\nAlphonse Gabriel Capone, it's a name synonymous with gangsters of 1920s America, and of course of cinematic films. Richard Wilson's film is one of the better gangster biopics out there, filmed in semi-doc style, it unfolds with great human drama without glorifying the subject matter. If anything it's refreshingly unsentimental in its approach.\r\n\r\nSteiger is Capone (never Caponee!) and he puts his method stomp all over the role, carrying the film squarely on his well cast shoulders. He has all the ticks and mannerisms of Capone to either chill the blood or charm the other characters in the play, it is very much a powerhouse performance.\r\n\r\nAs a history lesson it's not wholly accurate, but much of it is rigid in the life and times of the famous criminal. The period detail is splendid, with the backdrops boosted no end by the gorgeous monochrome photography served up by Ballard. Enthralling, sometimes violent and always intriguing, this is well worth a look. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [41279, 420347, 162771, 151614]}