{"tmdb_id": 430748, "title": "The Signs and Wonders Movement: Exposed", "original_title": "The Signs and Wonders Movement: Exposed", "slug_title": "the-signs-and-wonders-movement-exposed", "date": "1999-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Jesus said that the generation of believers alive for His second coming would be subject to the greatest onslaught of deception ever leveled at the body of Christ and that this deception would be predicated upon signs and wonders.  For many professing Christians this could be the most important video you ever watch. Perhaps the best expose of many modern so-called \u201cprophets &amp; healers\u201d ever made.  The National Prayer Network out of the United Kingdom has done an admirable job exposing such leaders as Benny Hinn, Kenneth Hagin, and Rodney Howard Brown, revealing that the tactics and methods they use when performing \u201csigns and wonders\u201d have their origin in the occult. These tapes are a sober warning for those caught up in TBN evangelists and leaders, believing them to be \u201canointed\u201d men and women of God.  Speakers include: Andre Kole, Brian Edwards, Dave Hunt, Mark Haville, Ole Anthony, Dr. Peter May, Philip Foster, Roger Oakland and Dr. Stephan Sizer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ltSMu0xR3B9e9u8n6MXVV3iRE9M.jpg", "actors": ["Andrew Kole (Himself)", "Brian Edwards (Himself)", "Dave Hunt (Himself)", "Mark Haville (Host, Himself)", "Ole Anthony ()", "Dr. Peter May ()", "Philip Foster ()", "Roger Oakland ()", "Dr. Stephan Sizer ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}