{"tmdb_id": 430754, "title": "Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe", "original_title": "Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe", "slug_title": "hank-zipzer-s-christmas-catastrophe", "date": "2016-12-12", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yPj9Ofw072utyRprP0KHEOaWhVp.jpg", "actors": ["Nick James (Hank Zipzer)", "Henry Winkler (Mr. Rock)", "Madeline Holliday (Emily Zipzer)", "Rebecca Root (Camilla Stevens)", "Kylee Russell (Hayden Chase)", "Richard Thomson (Director)", "Alicia Lai (Ashley)", "Tyler Kennington (Snowman)", "Tilly Kennington (School Girl)", "Marcus Garvey (Security Bob)", "Paul Chan (Jonathan Lao)", "Dan Carey (Cab Driver)", "Javone Prince (Mr. Joy)", "Felicity Montagu (Miss Adolf)", "Ceallach Spellman (Radio DJ)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A troubled boy tried to be good on this Christmas!**\r\n\r\nI haven't seen the television series, but I did not find any difficult to follow the film. The story started with a little introduction about a troubled high school student Hank. A few days to go for the Christmas that celebrated grandly in his school, but two unexpected visitors lead to cancel it. Followed by Hank's family is ready to welcome a new member, a baby to be born. With all the complications around, he meets a famed singer and be friends. Now how everything comes together to celebrate the festival as planned takes us to the final segment.\r\n\r\nOf all the Christmas films I have seen in this season, this one looked much better actually. Because all those were either the US or the Canadian films, and they all looked the same. A single woman with her young daughter, romance, Christmas preparation blah blah blah... So this one was completely different and a little fun.\r\n\r\nI don't have any idea about the series, so surely I'm missing something, like I'm not used to the characters or the type of the comedies. But I enjoyed watching with whatever it offered. I have seen many films like 'Inbetweeners', 'Entourage' et cetera. Most importantly, they did not affect me from having a good time, because of the lack of the knowledge of its original. This film might look silly, like the baby birth scene, but for a comedy, it'll work. So I think not a bad film, especially on the occasions like this.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": []}