{"tmdb_id": 43086, "title": "Dead Above Ground", "original_title": "Dead Above Ground", "slug_title": "dead-above-ground", "date": "2002-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "In the style of I Know What You Did Last Summer, troubled Goth student Jeff Lucas directs and screens his won \"horror movie\" and is subsequently ridiculed by his fellow students. Following a tragic car accident Jeff is burnt alive and not a trace of his body can be found. A year later, on the first day of school a new student arrives at Bay City High. he is living in Moss Point house where Jeff lived before he died. This new student, Chip Palmer, is having horrific nightmares and claims Jeff is talking to him and threatening to come back from beyond the grave and kill all of his tormentors. One by one, the students and teachers of Bay City High begin to die as Jeff's bloody horror movie suddenly becomes reality.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xHiH9y2KsYscHEWBuAkvdaSK31A.jpg", "actors": ["Antonio Sab\u00e0to, Jr. (Sgt. Dan DeSousa)", "Lisa Ann Hadley (Dr. Brenda Boone)", "Charlie Weber (Dillon Johnson)", "Corbin Bernsen (Mark Mallory)", "Adria Dawn (Zara Light)", "Cindy Margolis (Kari McClure Mallory)", "Keri Lynn Pratt (Kelly 'Kel' Britton)", "Reagan Gomez-Preston (Latrisha McDermont)", "Tony Denman (Bobby 'Monster' Mooley)", "Robert Conrad (Reed Wilson)", "Stephen J. Cannell (Carl Hadden)", "Lauren German (Darcy Peters)", "Craig Kirkwood (Jason Johnson)", "Cam Clarke (Loop Group (voice))", "Eddie Frierson (Loop Group (voice))", "Lara Cody (Loop Group (voice))", "Michael Reisz (Loop Group (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}