{"tmdb_id": 43096, "title": "Gidget", "original_title": "Gidget", "slug_title": "gidget", "date": "1959-04-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "En raison d'un accident en nageant dans la mer, Francis rencontre le surfer Moondoggy. Elle est fascin\u00e9e par son sport et commence \u00e0 tra\u00eener avec sa clique. Bien qu'ils se moquent d'elle au d\u00e9but, ils lui apprennent \u00e0 surfer. Bient\u00f4t, elle a accept\u00e9 et a re\u00e7u le surnom de \"Gidget\". Mais il est difficile de devenir plus qu'un ami de Moondoggy.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/30ZcFTJ1D6lgn3tcSlHyGfCp3fs.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Dee (Gidget)", "James Darren (Moondoggie)", "Cliff Robertson (The Big Kahuna)", "Arthur O'Connell (Russell Lawrence)", "The Four Preps (Band at Beach)", "Mary LaRoche (Mrs. Dorothy Lawrence)", "Joby Baker (Stinky)", "Tom Laughlin (Lover Boy)", "Sue George (Betty Louise aka B.L.)", "Robert Ellis (Hot Shot)", "Jo Morrow (Mary Lou)", "Yvonne Craig (Nan)", "Patti Kane (Patti)", "Doug McClure (Waikiki)", "Burt Metcalfe (Lord Byron)", "Dick Clark (Himself - Trailer Host (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "The first beach flick with surprising mindfood minus the goofiness\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1959 and directed by Paul Wendkos, \"Gidget\u201d is a beach drama about a 16 year-old tomboyish girl (Sandra Dee) who gravitates toward a group of surfing males in Southern Cal, specifically Malibu. Kahuna (Cliff Robertson), a surf \u201cbum\u201d and leader of the group, becomes her figurative big brother as she tries to attract the attentions of Kahuna\u2019s mentee, Moondoggie (James Darren).\r\n\r\nThe film is iconic and influential, leading to two sequels and a TV series, not to mention scores of 60\u2019s beach flicks, most inferior because they lack the depth and went the zany route. Dee was only 16 during shooting, but seemed more mature than her years and is remarkably strong as the petite protagonist. She\u2019s a combo of youthful energy, honesty and unexpected insight & understanding. The film scores high marks in the female department in general with curvy Yvonne Craig (aka Batgirl) notable in the first act, but there are several others in the periphery.\r\n\r\nThe movie\u2019s iconic because it\u2019s about way more than girl-meets-boy frolics, although there\u2019s some of that. For instance, Kahuna says \"Who says so?\" in response to how we 'have' to live our lives. Later, he recognizes \"everything has a price\" or, put differently, everything has a tradeoff. He desperately seeks total freedom, but realizes it doesn\u2019t really exist in our present world, but he instinctively seeks it. His epiphany leads to an important decision.\r\n\r\nThen there's Moondoggie who admires Kahuna and intends on following in his footsteps as an alternative to his staunch father's more conventional path to status. Yet it's still about status for Moondoggie and not a lifestyle choice for its own sake, as it supposedly is with Kahuna.\r\n\r\nWhat happens to Flyboy (the pet bird) sets up a weighty conversation between Kahuna and Gidget, which offers insights about Kahuna's past, including his time in the Korean War and how it affected him. Perhaps he was working out a case of PTSD. Five years of dropping out of mainstream life and living on the beach was what he needed to get it out of his system and, by the end of the movie, he seems back for the attack. Steve Jobs, founder of Apple computers, had a chapter in his life of living on the street and doing drugs, asking the big questions, etc. He now says it was an instrumental part of his life.\r\n\r\nEven the whole Kahuna almost having sex with the under-aged Gidget was ballsy for 1959. Kahuna genuinely didn\u2019t intend to, and actually wanted to teach Gidge a lesson, but he wasn\u2019t above doing it since he was a little drunk and she was sorta insisting. Shortly later, Moondoggie reprimands Kahuna for it.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 35 minutes and was shot in Leo Carrillo State Beach, Malibu, California. WRITERS: Frederick Kohner (novel) and Gabrielle Upton (screenplay).\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [38463, 43018, 38472, 33394], "youtube_key": "notfound"}