{"tmdb_id": 430, "title": "Un, deux, trois", "original_title": "One, Two, Three", "slug_title": "un-deux-trois", "date": "1961-12-15", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "A Berlin-Ouest, l'ambitieux Mac Namara repr\u00e9sente les int\u00e9r\u00eats de Coca-Cola. Il voudrait bien conqu\u00e9rir le march\u00e9 de l'Est, ce qui lui vaudrait \u00e0 coup s\u00fbr de l'avancement. Il entreprend donc de convaincre un trio d'attach\u00e9s commerciaux sovi\u00e9tiques. Sur ces entrefaites d\u00e9barque miss Coca, fille du grand patron de la firme et s\u00e9ductrice imp\u00e9nitente. Les tracas ne font que commencer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7X2k537Gzewly6LpBM74KU8sCak.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (C.R. MacNamara)", "Liselotte Pulver (Fr\u00e4ulein Ingeborg)", "Horst Buchholz (Otto Ludwig Piffl)", "Pamela Tiffin (Scarlett Hazeltine)", "Howard St. John (Wendell P. Hazeltine)", "Lo\u00efs Bolton (Melanie Hazeltine)", "Hanns Lothar (Schlemmer)", "Karl Lieffen (Fritz)", "Arlene Francis (Phyllis MacNamara)", "Leon Askin (Peripetchikoff)", "Ralf Wolter (Borodenko)", "Hubert von Meyerinck (Count von Droste Schattenburg)", "Peter Capell (Mishkin)", "Til Kiwe (Reporter)", "Henning Schl\u00fcter (Dr. Bauer)", "Karl Ludwig Lindt (Zeidlitz)", "Christine Allen (Cindy MacNamara)", "John Allen (Tommy MacNamara)", "John Banner (Krause / Haberdrasher (voice))", "Max Buchsbaum (Tailor (uncredited))", "Werner Buttler (East German Policeman (uncredited))", "Red Buttons (MP Sergeant (uncredited))", "Paul B\u00f6s (Krause (uncredited))", "Josef Coesfeld (Hairdresser (uncredited))", "Siegfried Dornbusch (East German Policeman (uncredited))", "Gernot Duda (Suitcase Salesman (uncredited))", "Otto Friebel (Interrogator (uncredited))", "Friedrich Hollaender (Conductor at Grand Hotel (uncredited))", "Rose Ren\u00e9e Roth (Berta (uncredited))", "Sig Ruman (Count von Droste Schattenburg (voice) (uncredited))", "Helmut Schmid (East German Policeman (uncredited))", "Jaspar von Oertzen (Haberdasher (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Amazing Cagney performance in a film that has no resonance now.\r\n\r\nC.R. MacNamara is the head of Coca-Cola's bottling interests in Germany, he is a forceful man who wants to be all that he can be. He hopes to be the head of European operations for the company and is well on his way until the teenage daughter of Coca-Cola big wig Wendell P. Hazeltine shows up and he is asked to baby-sit her for a two week trip thru the continent.\r\n\r\nI wish I could have been around to watch this on its release in 1961, for I'm sure I would of laughed my head off at the relevant jokes of the time. Full of communist bluster dialogue and jokes in keeping with the times, One, Two, Three has all the trademarks of a classic Billy Wilder/I.A.L. Diamond picture. Yet viewing it now, one finds that the jokes are tired and weary, and although the frenetic pace of the film is incredible {it really is like a scattergun exploding upon the viewers senses}, the film is something of an archaic oddity. Boasting a quite brilliant performance from James Cagney, the picture is never less than watchable, but the advent of time means the film is stuck firmly in 1961, regardless of the fine work from lead man and director alike. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [28580, 5185, 632, 980]}