{"tmdb_id": 43105, "title": "The Alligator People", "original_title": "The Alligator People", "slug_title": "the-alligator-people", "date": "1959-07-01", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kD0YWYL5kej1d7Bf5jy1X9Vw0cS.jpg", "actors": ["Beverly Garland (Joyce Webster, aka Jane Marvin)", "George Macready (Dr. Mark Sinclair)", "Frieda Inescort (Mrs. Lavinia Hawthorne)", "Richard Crane (Paul Webster)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (Manon)", "Bruce Bennett (Dr. Eric Lorimer)", "Douglas Kennedy (Dr. Wayne McGregor)", "Vince Townsend Jr. (Toby)", "Ruby Goodwin (Louann)", "Bill Bradley (Patient #6)", "Dudley Dickerson (Porter)", "Hal K. Dawson (Conductor)", "Boyd Stockman (Alligator-headed Paul)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "stugood", "content": "What seems to begin in the southern gothic vein, complete with voiceover narrative by a newlywed (likable Beverly Garland) concerning the sudden and mysterious disappearance of her husband, soon picks up the pace as a sci-fi monster picture, akin to previous year's <i> The Fly. </i> Unfortunately, the last act fully descends into tomfoolery and questionable monster makeup - namely a rubbery alligator suit. Despite its disappointing ending, the 1950s b/w cinematography is nice at times, but the film might have benefited with greater use of close-up shots to add a touch more melodrama to its undeniably laughable story."}], "recommandations_id": [84419, 80720, 55732, 29412]}