{"tmdb_id": 43119, "title": "Mitraillette Kelly", "original_title": "Machine-Gun Kelly", "slug_title": "mitraillette-kelly", "date": "1958-05-01", "genre": "Crime / Action / Histoire", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Petit gangster m\u00e9diocre, George Kelly, que son amie Florence Becker a surnomm\u00e9 \"Mitraillette\", a r\u00e9ussi un audacieux hold-up en compagnie de deux complices. Lors du partage, il s'aper\u00e7oit que Fandango a subtilis\u00e9 quelques billets. De rage, Kelly le jette dans la cage d'un puma qui lui arrache un bras... Peu apr\u00e8s, la bande attaque une nouvelle banque. Mais, superstitieux, Kelly est paralys\u00e9 par le passage d'un corbillard et fait \u00e9chouer le casse \u00e0 cause du minutage tr\u00e8s pr\u00e9cis. L'un des hommes est tu\u00e9 par la police. Howard, l'un des complices, s'oppose au gangster en le rendant responsable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nWlhySRaToW8GEyTj1t359Lo57j.jpg", "actors": ["Charles Bronson (George R. 'Machine Gun' Kelly)", "Susan Cabot (Florence 'Flo' Becker)", "Morey Amsterdam (Michael Fandango)", "Richard Devon (Apple)", "Jack Lambert (Howard)", "Frank De Kova (Harry)", "Connie Gilchrist ('Ma' Becker)", "Wally Campo (Maize)", "Barboura Morris (Lynn Grayson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lion\u2019s Stare You Down. \r\n\r\nMachine Gun Kelly is directed by Roger Corman and written by Robert Wright Campbell. It stars Charles Bronson, Susan Cabot, Morey Amsterdam, Jack Lambert, Frank DeKova and Connie Gilchrist. Music is by Gerald Fried and cinematography by Floyd Crosby. \r\n\r\nGeorge Francis Barnes Junior, AKA: Machine Gun Kelly, was a prohibition era American hoodlum, this movie is an interpretation of his time in the public enemy limelight. \r\n\r\nNever climbing up to high energy rat-a-tat-tat action levels, Corman\u2019s \u201cmini\u201d biopic none the less breezes along and remains fascinating throughout. The makers paint Kelly as something of a weak willed type of guy who is impotent without his Thompson Submachine Gun. This is a man firmly dangling on the end of the puppet strings being twirled and pulled by his Moll, Flo Becker. Oh he\u2019s not beyond slapping his woman around, or bullying one of his weaker willed accomplices, but Corman and Campbell assure us that Kelly is not to be gloried, even giving him a pathological fear of dying that shows him in this movie form as something of a coward. \r\n\r\nOf course this is just a movie, and for historical facts and figures et al, folks are warned this is not a biography to use as a starting point to explore Kelly\u2019s reputation\u2026 \r\n\r\nBronson as Kelly is wonderfully broody and he handles the fluctuations in Kelly\u2019s psyche with convincing skill. Cabot as Flo is a sex-bomb, and deviously appealing with it she is as well, while Amsterdam gets to play a character so colourful and kinked, it wouldn\u2019t be out of place in classic era film noir. Crosby was an ace cinematographer, capable of making the cheapest crime movie production looking a whole lot more expensive, such is the case here. While Fried provides a progressive jazz musical score that ranges from Ant Hill Mob like breeziness to funky piano based frenzies. \r\n\r\nAll in all, a good gangster movie that benefits from some well written and performed characterisations. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [110336, 52639, 249313, 31671]}