{"tmdb_id": 43114, "title": "L'Aventurier Du Texas", "original_title": "Buchanan Rides Alone", "slug_title": "l-aventurier-du-texas", "date": "1958-08-01", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir particip\u00e9 \u00e0 la r\u00e9volution mexicaine, le mercenaire Tom Buchanan rentre au Texas. En chemin, il fait escale dans la petite ville d'Agry Town, dirig\u00e9e par les membres d'une m\u00eame famille. Pour avoir pris la d\u00e9fense d'un mexicain, il est chass\u00e9 de la ville et d\u00e9pouill\u00e9 de son argent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n3ZAvO78SHJJYJJjHgP7yz7j0go.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Tom Buchanan)", "Craig Stevens (Abe Carbo)", "Barry Kelley (Lew Agry)", "Tol Avery (Judge Simon Agry)", "Peter Whitney (Amos Agry)", "L.Q. Jones (Pecos Hill)", "Manuel Rojas (Juan de la Vega)", "Robert Anderson (Waldo Peck)", "Joe De Santis (Esteban Gomez)", "William Leslie (Roy Agry)", "Jennifer Holden (K.T.)", "Nacho Galindo (Nacho)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There's Aggro In Agry.\r\n\r\nMaking his way home to Texas, Tom Buchanan stops off at the little town of Agry for rest and refreshments. Quickly finding that the town is run by the family Agry itself, Buchanan falls foul of one of them straight away. His problems are further compounded when he steps in to stop a young Mexican from taking a beating. Something that finds him on the end of a rope with things looking rather grim.\r\n\r\nHow you fare with Buchanan Rides Alone may depend on how many (if any) Budd Boetticher and Randolph Scott collaborations you have seen prior. For this adaptation of Jonas Ward's novel \"The Name's Buchanan\" is lighter in tone than their other well regarded pieces. Not to decry this as a standalone picture of course, but although it's part of the \"Ranown\" cycle, it's a long way from the more \"Adult Western\" richness of The Tall T, Ride Lonesome and Comanche Station for example. Conversely the other way is also true, if this is the first one you sample from the duo, and you enjoy it, well you may not take to the deeper themed, harsher other films in their cannon.\r\n\r\nBuchanan Rides Alone gets in a does a job without any fuss or boring filler play. Randolph Scott as Buchanan clearly is enjoying adding a bit of comic zip to proceedings, with Boetticher evidently happy to keep things smooth for the one hour and twenty minutes running time. Fine support comes from Barry Kelley, Tol Avery and the irrepressible L.Q. Jones, whilst Lucien Ballard was the obvious and right choice to photograph the Old Tuscon location. Not one to take too seriously, but enough drama to keep one interested, and certainly one that gives notice to what a fine and undervalued performer Randy Scott was. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1673, 39557, 167769, 44766], "youtube_key": "rHFFO3qe4Ic"}