{"tmdb_id": 43112, "title": "Les Yeux du t\u00e9moin", "original_title": "Tiger Bay", "slug_title": "les-yeux-du-temoin", "date": "1959-03-01", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Un marin polonais et un jeune gar\u00e7on manqu\u00e9 gallois deviennent des alli\u00e9s peu probables apr\u00e8s avoir t\u00e9moins de lui commettre un crime passionnel dans la zone de Cardiff docklands. Avec son tir de l'emplacement et des sc\u00e8nes de la culture de la rue de la ville portuaire, Tiger Bay pr\u00e9sageait le cin\u00e9ma de la Colombie-New Wave, tandis que la performance mettant en vedette Hayley Mills a remport\u00e9 le 12 ans un prix sp\u00e9cial au Festival de Berlin et a lanc\u00e9 sa carri\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lsKhc63xX1ci4huVTOT5GtHRnb.jpg", "actors": ["John Mills (Superintendent Graham)", "Horst Buchholz (Korchinsky)", "Hayley Mills (Gillie)", "Yvonne Mitchell (Anya)", "Megs Jenkins (Mrs. Phillips)", "Anthony Dawson (Barclay)", "Marne Maitland (Doctor)", "Kenneth Griffith (Mr. Seymour)", "Meredith Edwards (Williams)", "Marianne Stone (Mrs. Williams)", "Michael Anderson Jr. (Boy with Cap Gun)", "Rachel Thomas (Mrs. Parry)", "Brian Hammond (Dal Parry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I spy, I spy you.\r\n\r\nTiger Bay is directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by John Hawkesworth and Shelley Smith. It stars Horst Buchholz, Hayley Mills, John Mills, Megs Jenkins and Anthony Dawson. Music is by Laurie Johnson and cinematography by Eric Cross. \r\n\r\nA young girl witnesses a murder and complicates the investigation by becoming attached to the killer. \r\n\r\nThe Lord's My Shepherd. \r\n\r\nSet in the Principality of Cardiff, South Wales, Tiger Bay is a boffo noir drama in the tradition of the excellent Charles Crichton/Dirk Bogarde picture, Hunted (1952). The core of the story is about the friendship that forms between a murderer and the child that saw him do it. There is nothing remotely risqu\u00e9 in this friendship, it's tender and pertinent given the absence of parents and kin in Gillie's (H. Mills) life (she lives with her Auntie played by Jenkins). Korchinsky (Buchholz) is not a madman psychopath, his crime was a moment of madness, a crime of passion, and he is very likable and therefore it's believable that young Gillie would take him for surrogate kinship. \r\n\r\nIf you want to be happy and live a king's life, never make a pretty woman your wife. \r\n\r\nThe drama comes from the investigation led by Superintendent Graham (J. Mills), who has to stay on top of things whilst being spun lots of yarns by the precocious Gillie. Things are further spiced up by the presence of another suspect played by Dawson, who is all jittery and suspicious, this is a very good splinter in the narrative, ensuring that the pic never relies on being just about a special/odd friendship. The writers also provide much intelligence as regards the era, with nods to sexual politics, the changing of attitudes with children, while there's a multi cultural background to the play. Pat on the back is deserved as well for incorporating a thread about the opposing laws of maritime and those of the land. \r\n\r\nYes, I have, and a very brave man. \r\n\r\nThe aged dockside locales keep things earthy, as does the run down and cramped housing arrangements, these allow Thompson & Cross to cover it with noirish tints, the dockside scenes (and the church interiors) are all shadows and shimmers, it really is gorgeous work, the black and white compositions perfectly lit. Cast are superb, has Buchholz - away from the iconography of The Magnificent Seven - ever been better than he is here? J. Mills is class, but then he almost always was, Dawson is quality old boy, but it's young Hayley's movie, a stupendous performance from one so young, it's easy to see why she would carve out a considerable career in acting. \r\n\r\nA little irk exists about the complete lack of any scene showing Gillie's Auntie being worried that her charge has gone missing, especially since there has been a murder in the block, but it's a small itch to scratch. Tiger Bay, smart, pretty and dramatic. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [54966, 90042, 33765, 42490]}