{"tmdb_id": 43136, "title": "Tables s\u00e9par\u00e9es", "original_title": "Separate Tables", "slug_title": "tables-separees", "date": "1958-12-18", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans une station baln\u00e9aire \u00e0 Bournemouth sur la c\u00f4te sud de l\u2019Angleterre, quelques pensionnaires ont \u00e9lu r\u00e9sidence \u00e0 l\u2019h\u00f4tel Beauregard. L\u2019\u00e9tablissement est tenu par Miss Cooper et parmi ses pensionnaires il y a Mme Railton-Bell et sa fille Sybil jeune fille timide domin\u00e9e par sa m\u00e8re, Le major Pollack ancien militaire passant son temps \u00e0 raconter ses exploits guerriers et John Malcolm \u00e9crivain tourment\u00e9, fianc\u00e9 \u00e0 Miss Cooper. Sous cette apparente tranquillit\u00e9 d\u00e9barque une femme tr\u00e8s chic Ann Shanland qui se r\u00e9v\u00e8le \u00eatre l\u2019ex-femme de John.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qOZg26pCRsU93C5oFqWpL5xUOko.jpg", "actors": ["Deborah Kerr (Sibyl Railton-Bell)", "Rita Hayworth (Ann Shankland)", "David Niven (Major Angus Pollock)", "Wendy Hiller (Pat Cooper)", "Burt Lancaster (John Malcolm)", "Gladys Cooper (Mrs. Railton-Bell)", "Cathleen Nesbitt (Lady Matheson)", "Felix Aylmer (Mr. Fowler)", "Rod Taylor (Charles)", "Audrey Dalton (Jean)", "May Hallatt (Miss Meacham)", "Priscilla Morgan (Doreen)", "Hilda Plowright (Mabel (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Mann's film will certainly please those who are fans of 'Grand Hotel' and other such star-packed films with a soap operatic-flavor, although it definitely is smaller in scale. It has several of my favourite stars from that era, such as Deborah Kerr, Rita Hayworth, David Niven, Dame Wendy Hiller, Burt Lancaster and Rod Taylor, and their interplay befits such fine casting. It's weird seeing Lancaster and Niven cast as rogues, that a film set in Dorset, England was made entirely in Hollywood and that the screenplay was an amalgamation of two one-act plays by Terence Rattigan, opened up in order to include more stars. The endeavor worked, as Best Adapted Screenplay was one of its seven Oscar nominations (it ended up winning two, for Niven and Hiller's performances). I heartily recommend the film to anyone who enjoys either any of the aforementioned stars or fine films of the era (especially ones about the British, and ones derived from the stage). It'll certainly be 100 minutes worthy of your effort--Mann was one of the best at this sort of thing (also see 'Marty' if you have any such doubts)..."}], "recommandations_id": [62000, 24481, 51395, 37315], "youtube_key": "QtRz2zrjkSI"}