{"tmdb_id": 43149, "title": "Le Fils de Kong", "original_title": "The Son of Kong", "slug_title": "le-fils-de-kong", "date": "1933-12-22", "genre": ["Aventure / Horreur / Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Encore traumatis\u00e9 par la mort de Kong, Carl Denham d\u00e9cide de quitter d\u00e9finitivement New York. Il s'embarque pour une nouvelle exp\u00e9dition vers l'\u00eele de Kong, afin de terminer le travail qu'il n'avait pu achever lors de son pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent voyage. Une mutinerie \u00e9clate bient\u00f4t \u00e0 bord du navire....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p1VI7gFogYD39pRUz901G8idWmZ.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Armstrong (Carl Denham)", "Helen Mack (Helene Peterson)", "Frank Reicher (Captain Englehorn)", "John Marston (Captain Nils Helstrom)", "Ed Brady (Bo'sun Red)", "Victor Wong (Charlie, the Chinese Cook)", "Steve Clemente (Native Witch King)", "Fay Wray (Screaming voice)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Albino Baby Kong.\r\n\r\nThe Son of Kong is directed by Ernest B. Schoedsack and written by Ruth Rose. It stars Robert Armstrong, Helen Mack, Frank Reicher, John Marston, Victor Wong and Edward Brady. Music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by Edward Linden.\r\n\r\nThe makers wisely realised that to try and emulate King Kong would be folly, especially as this sequel was hurried out within the same year. Instead a more fun approach was taken, and as a result it\u2019s not half bad entertainment as it happens. \r\n\r\nAfter the devastation caused to New York by King Kong, lawsuits are abound for Carl Denham (Armstrong). So when he gets the chance to go out on the ocean again with Captain Englehorn (Reicher), he grabs the chance. There\u2019s no plans to go near Skull Island again, but a sequence of events will see them pitch up there, to be met by a myriad of creatures and The Son of Kong.\r\n\r\nLittle Kong is actually friendly, well to the humans he is because he is grateful to their help when he was stuck in quicksand. However, to other beasts of the island he is not so forgiving. For the first 33 minutes it\u2019s all about setting up the action carnage later in the play, characters are introduced, their reasons for being out at sea and etc. Then we get to the island and off we go. Kong scraps with dinosaurs, a bear, lizards and mother nature! The castaways are in the mix as well of course, and naturally they are thrust into a perilous life and death situation.\r\n\r\nAnd that\u2019s it, barely 70 minutes have passed by and it\u2019s nigh on impossible not to be smiling come the close. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [28421, 3077, 40797, 22602], "youtube_key": "ZORAQa93iyQ"}