{"tmdb_id": 43143, "title": "Terreur sur le Trollenberg", "original_title": "The Trollenberg Terror", "slug_title": "terreur-sur-le-trollenberg", "date": "1958-07-07", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Petit village des Alpes Suisses, Trollenberg est une station de haute altitude au pied d'un sommet du m\u00eame nom. Hors, depuis quelques temps, un \u00e9trange nuage radioactif s'est fix\u00e9 sur l'un des versants du massif, intriguant la communaut\u00e9 scientifique install\u00e9e dans un observatoire voisin. La curiosit\u00e9 va se transformer soudainement en peur quand un groupe d'alpinistes va se retrouver en position d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9e dans ce nuage, qui abrite apparemment d'effrayantes cr\u00e9atures...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fCmCVdk7j3qEQMbeyJFCZv9CkTd.jpg", "actors": ["Forrest Tucker (Alan Brooks)", "Jennifer Jayne (Sarah Pilgrim)", "Janet Munro (Anne Pilgrim)", "Laurence Payne (Philip Truscott)", "Warren Mitchell (Prof. Crevett)", "Andrew Faulds (Brett)", "Frederick Schiller (Mayor Klein)", "Colin Douglas (Hans)", "Derek Sydney (Wilde)", "Stuart Saunders (Dewhurst)", "Richard Golding (First Villager)", "George Herbert (Second Villager)", "Jeremy Longhurst (First Student Climber)", "Anthony Parker (Second Student Climber)", "Anne Sharp (The Mother)", "Caroline Glazer (The Child)", "Theodore Wilhelm ()", "Jack Cottland ()", "Jack Taylor (Voice of Beheaded Climber Jim)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Crawling Eye.\r\n\r\nThe filmic adaptation of a 1956 UK TV serial of the same name, The Trollenberg Terror is a whole bunch of fun and not deserving of the stinker reputation it has in some sci-fi loving circles.\r\n\r\nAction is set in Trollenberg, Switzerland and concerns a creature from outer space that has taken residence in a radioactive cloud atop of the Trollenberg mountain. As the bodies start to pile up and various climbers go missing on the mountain, the United Nations send a boffin to help the local scientists to hopefully solve the mystery.\r\n\r\nThe effects work has been the source of some disdain, and in truth it\u2019s poor but not the worst from the 1950s pantheon of \u201cB\u201d schlockers. The back projection scenes are crude, but again in keeping with the fun aspects of the genre and era. However, Jimmy Sangster\u2019s screenplay is tight and produces brainy conversations and strong sequences. \r\n\r\nHorror comes by way of headless bodies turning up and that once sane people turn into maniacs as \u201cthe terror\u201d weaves its magic. On the normal human side the narrative is given a boost by Janet Munro\u2019s (excellent) telepathic darling, something which troubles the visitors greatly and puts her in grave danger. The psychological aspects of the story mark this out as a genre piece of worth.\r\n\r\nElsewhere director Quentin Lawrence does a study job with what is available to him, Forest Tucker is the hero in waiting, playing it reserved like, and Warren Mitchell proves good foil for Tucker and the Terror! It\u2019s not a great film, but it is a good one, let down in some tech departments for sure, but strengths elsewhere make up for its flaws. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [29058, 44585, 31243, 26854], "youtube_key": "sUFSZSD8B1k"}