{"tmdb_id": 43150, "title": "Little Miss Marker", "original_title": "Little Miss Marker", "slug_title": "little-miss-marker", "date": "1934-06-01", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Big Steve Halloway, gambler and proprietor of New York's Horseshoe Cabaret, where his girl, Bangles Carson sings, is in desperate need of money. He arranges for his fellow bookies, especially Sorrowful Jones, to each pay him $1,000 for his racehorse, Dream Prince, to lose. With all bets being placed at the window, Sorrowful encounters a gambler, having lost $500, wanting to place his bet but is unable to come up with $20. Instead, he places his daughter, Marthy Jane (Shirley Temple), as security, or in bookie's terms, a \"marker\". Having lost his bet, he commits suicide, leaving \"little Miss Marker\" under the care of Sorrowful Jones. As Steve hides out in Chicago to avoid investigation for his crooked bets, he entrusts Sorrowful to watch over Bangles during his absence, at which time the \"gold digger\" helps \"tight-wod\" with his trouble. When Big Steve learns Bangles is involved with Sorrowful, he returns to New York to do something about it.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eLt4sYP6fJLkac7ETgy9lL5Kl6J.jpg", "actors": ["Adolphe Menjou (Sorrowful Jones)", "Dorothy Dell (Bangles Carson)", "Charles Bickford (Big Steve Halloway)", "Shirley Temple (Marthy 'Marky' Jane)", "Lynne Overman (Regret)", "Frank McGlynn Sr. (Doc Chesley)", "John Sheehan (Sun Rise, a Bookie)", "Garry Owen (Grinder (as Gary Owen))", "Willie Best (Dizzy Memphis (uncredited))", "Huey White (Eddie (as Puggy White))", "Tammany Young (Bugs)", "Sam Hardy (Benny the Gouge)", "Edward Earle (Marky's Father)", "John Kelly (Canvas Back)", "Warren Hymer (Sore Toe)", "Frank Conroy (Doctor Ingalls)", "Ernie Adams (Bettor (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kandarr", "content": "This movie really threw Shirley Temple into the spotlight, and for good reason. She hits every note perfectly, and showed that she had what it took to move beyond shorts and into feature films. The problems that Little Miss Marker suffers from are mostly caused by the times. The sound is pretty bad throughout the movie, the levels are all over the place, and the acting from a few characters is completely over the top. Of course, that's all due from the movie being made in 1934. The entire industry was still figuring out the whole sound thing, and this film is definitely a reminder of that. However, Little Miss Marker is still a heartwarming little movie with memorable performances and a solid story."}], "recommandations_id": [141906, 71436, 29879, 49308], "youtube_key": "notfound"}