{"tmdb_id": 43263, "title": "Jesse Stone 6: Sans remords", "original_title": "Jesse Stone: No Remorse", "slug_title": "jesse-stone-6-sans-remords", "date": "2010-05-09", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le chef de la police Jesse Stone a \u00e9t\u00e9 suspendu de ses fonctions par les autorit\u00e9s de la ville Paradise du Massachussets. Quand des affaires de vol avec violence se produisent, c'est \u00e0 Rose Gammon et Luther Simpson, ses adjoints de r\u00e9gler le probl\u00e8me. Jesse re\u00e7oit la visite du commandant Healy de la police de Boston, qui lui demande de l'aider \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir l'auteur d'une s\u00e9rie de meurtres dans sa ville. L'enqu\u00eate de Jesse le m\u00e8ne au chef maffieu Gino Fish, un homme qui n'aime pas qu'on lui cherche des histoires.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s1M2fZ8BbIFLTEEO418T8dpB64e.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Jesse Stone)", "Kathy Baker (Rose Gammon)", "Kohl Sudduth (Luthor 'Suitcase' Simpson)", "Stephen McHattie (Commander Healy)", "Krista Allen (Cissy)", "William Sadler (Gino Fish)", "Mae Whitman (Emily Bishop)", "Saul Rubinek (Hasty Hathaway)", "William Devane (Dr. Dix)", "Todd Hofley (Alan Garner)", "Kerri Smith (Sister Mary John)", "Jeremy Akerman (Councilman Carter Hanson)", "Guy Germain (John Kelly)", "Rothaford Gray (Mr. Jackson)", "Tom Gallant (Councilman Comden)", "Brian Heighton (Heartford Clerk)", "Christopher Killam (Steven)", "Suzanne Hawkins (Lorraine)", "Megan Edwards (Young Woman)", "Stephen Coats (Dad)", "Michael Pellerin (Short Man)", "Jeremiah Sparks (Priest)", "Scott Owen (Robber)", "John Shurko (Gay Man)", "Gillian Anderson (Jenn (voice))", "Gay Hauser (Elizabeth)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Out of the force, Jesse still manages to do his usual job.**\r\n\r\nI am already on the sixth film in the Jesse Stone series. Once again the film was not based on any book, but original characters from Robert B. Parker's novel. Very interesting opening credit, because that's the clips from a big city. So it leaves an impression that the tale has shifted its base to another town, but that's not entirely true. Yes, it is different from the previous ones, since Jesse's role slightly changed after what happened in the last film. Also a better film after the recent downfall, still not that great, but anyway, Jesse Stone fans will enjoy it.\r\n\r\nThere's a murder in the opening which was shown to us, but who was behind it remains a mystery, because that's the story of this film to reveal. So the one murder becomes two and followed by another, Jesse, who is now not in the force gets a chance to involve on it indirectly. Besides, the film not to focus on just one case, but multiple like the usual and that's the Jesse Stone series' special. With those layers, how it was developed and ended was smartly done.\r\n\r\nJesse's old boss is out of the prison and he lends some help on something to him. I surprised for the return of Mae Whitman, she's different and played a quite interesting part. I'm also happy for mentioning the Reggie in the film, so far he was unnoticed, but gets a slight recognition here. Finally the mysterious ex-wife's torture ends with this sequel; I believe that's what I saw. Besides, Jesse got a cell phone and there's a series of jokes regarding sharing the number, only minor ones.\r\n\r\n> \"Jealousy's a powerful thing.\"\r\n\r\nStill the same director, and he did a good job. Besides appearing in the lead, Tom Selleck also penned the story for this with another writer. They really did write a nice screenplay, even it could have been adapted for the big screen. So, for the television standard, it is a much better film. The sad part is the original writer, Robert B. Parker's unexpected death during before this film came out. So there's a mention at the end of the film with respect. His contribution must be appreciated, now there are many Jesse Stone fans out there after this series came out and I hope it continues for another decade. \r\n\r\nSince the Jesse's absent in the force, his colleagues had taken some serious steps to fight the crime in Paradise. Particularly Luther has taken the charge of the force, and with Rose, only they two are the ones left in the station. On the other hand, they're facing a threat from the town council that they might be disbanded if their work or the result does not meet the target. So that's why this tale becomes so exciting, because they try their best to keep their jobs, but only the follow-up film would disclose about how it all shapes up.\r\n\r\nRegarding the murders, the suspense was good, but also gives some hints for the viewers to have their opinion on the suspect. So the end was not bad or its simple twist. After what happened in this story, I'm curious where the next one would take us. Particularly, I'm eager to know Jesse's journey, whether he returns to Paradise or set to work for his boss at the Boston.\r\n\r\nAnyway, this film was a turning point for sure; many unexpected things might going to happen in the remaining films. In the those remaining three films, I expect at least one of it would end as the best in the series. So can't wait for those ones to watch and let me meet you with the next review in a couple of days.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [22555, 26114, 31047, 59238]}