{"tmdb_id": 433055, "title": "Honeybunnies", "original_title": "Kuudes kerta", "slug_title": "honeybunnies", "date": "2017-01-06", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Maarit Lalli film a woman who knew how to say yes, and the man who could not say no.  Ricky Kalin (Antti Luusuaniemi) is a real estate agent who loves women. Annika Lahti (Pihla Viitala) is a private, not so very good one at that. Annika specializes in the detection of complex relationships, to put it nicely. Ricky is a great salesman, who has two calendars - Work calendar and the calendar for women.  An assignment Annika collides with the real estate agent Stand. The apartment does not display unnecessary procrastination: Annika just wants to have sex without feelings. Ricky, this is just fine.  Relationship with works by mutual cooperation and assistance agreement - until it becomes famous for the sixth time.  \"There is hardly anything we love to look at, either.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oSv6qQKnX3OccTDkUnhZSYSSAso.jpg", "actors": ["Pihla Viitala (Annika Lahti)", "Antti Luusuaniemi (Risto-Matti 'Ricky' Kalin)", "Dick Idman (Ulf Shostakovich)", "Arja Saijonmaa (Brita)", "Anna-Maija Tuokko (Lotta V\u00e4h\u00e4tupa)", "Esko Salminen (Matteus)", "Sebastian Rejman (Esko)", "Minna Haapkyl\u00e4 (Kaisa)", "Paavo Kinnunen (Jape)", "Stig R\u00e4sta (Kristian)", "Aksa Korttila (Sanna)", "Pirkka-Pekka Petelius (Pekka)", "Ona Kamu (Monna)", "Kaarina Hazard (Vastaanottovirkailija)", "Kaisa M\u00e4kinen (Asiakas)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [484237, 484008, 161529], "youtube_key": "notfound"}