{"tmdb_id": 43319, "title": "L'homme qui n'a pas d'\u00e9toile", "original_title": "Man Without a Star", "slug_title": "l-homme-qui-n-a-pas-d-etoile", "date": "1955-03-24", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dempsey Rae et Jeff Jimson arrivent dans une petite ville de l'Ouest, o\u00f9 ils cherchent du travail. Ils sont embauch\u00e9s par Strap Davis, le contrema\u00eetre du ranch Le Triangle, dont la propri\u00e9taire est Reed Bowman, laquelle s'y entend \u00e0 mener ses affaires. Elle a pour voisin Tom Cassidy qui d\u00e9cide de cl\u00f4turer ses terres de fil barbel\u00e9, pour les prot\u00e9ger du b\u00e9tail en divagation. M\u00e9contente de Strap, Reed le renvoie et nomme \u00e0 sa place Dempsey qui n'appr\u00e9cie pas - il en a souffert autrefois - cette pose de cl\u00f4ture. C'est bient\u00f4t l'affrontement avec Tom et ses hommes, men\u00e9s par Steve Miles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kgw2E9Qhoh6yoQdjQjGdYyH9Vea.jpg", "actors": ["Kirk Douglas (Dempsey Rae)", "Jeanne Crain (Reed Bowman)", "Claire Trevor (Idonee)", "William Campbell (Jeff Jimson ('Texas'))", "Richard Boone (Steve Miles)", "Jay C. Flippen (Strap Davis)", "Myrna Hansen (Tess Cassidy)", "Mara Corday (Moccasin Mary)", "Eddy Waller (Tom Cassidy (as Eddy C. Waller))", "Sheb Wooley (Latigo)", "George Wallace (Tom Carter)", "Frank Chase (Little Waco)", "Paul Birch (Mark Toliver)", "Roy Barcroft (Sheriff Olson)", "William 'Bill' Phillips (Cookie (as Wm. \"Bill\" Phillips))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "To fence or not to fence, that is the question.\r\n\r\nMan Without A Star is directed by King Vidor and adapted by Borden Chase & D. D. Beauchamp from the Dee Linford novel. It stars Kirk Douglas, Jeanne Crain, Claire Trevor, William Campbell & Richard Boone. Photographed by Russell Metty in Technicolor around the Thousand Oaks area in California, with the title song warbled by Frankie Laine.\r\n\r\nDempsey Rae (Douglas) is easy going and a lover of life, so much so he has no qualms about befriending young hot head Jeff Jimson (Campbell). The pair, after a scare with the law, amble into town and find work at a ranch owned by the mysterious Reed Bowman. Who after finally showing up turns out to be a lady (Crain), with very ambitious plans. As sexual tensions start to run high, so do tempers, as the boys find themselves in the middle of a range war.\r\n\r\nIt's all very conventional stuff in the grand scheme of range war Western things, but none the less it manages to stay well above average in spite of a tricky first quarter. For the fist part Vidor and Douglas seem to be playing the film for laughs, with the actor mugging for all he is worth. Add in the wet behind the ears performance of Campbell and one wonders if this is going to be a spoof. But once the lads land in town and the girls show up (Trevor classy, Crain smouldering), the film shifts in gear and starts to get edgy with Vidor proving to have paced it wisely. The thematics of era and lifestyle changes, here signified by barbed wire, are well written into the plot. While interesting camera angles and biting photography keep the mood sexually skew whiff. Boone lifts proceedings with another fine villain performance, and Jay C. Flippen in support is as solid as he almost always was. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [65506, 71768, 50953, 115425]}