{"tmdb_id": 433252, "title": "Nos \u00c2mes la Nuit", "original_title": "Our Souls at Night", "slug_title": "nos-ames-la-nuit", "date": "2017-09-01", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s qu'Addie et Louis, deux voisins veufs, commencent \u00e0 dormir ensemble afin d'oublier un peu leur solitude, ils se font surprendre par une v\u00e9ritable histoire d'amour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/49136pSuzcNpzOgn4slkU9shHhi.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Redford (Louis Waters)", "Jane Fonda (Addie Moore)", "Matthias Schoenaerts (Gene)", "Judy Greer (Holly)", "Bruce Dern (Dorlan)", "Phyllis Somerville (Ruth)", "Iain Armitage (Jamie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Not about the first love! The other way around!**\r\n\r\nThis is one of my favourite genre, the tales about aging people. A rare kind. The lives, the struggle they go through, really melts my heart. So I won't miss such films. I have a long list of such films which are my favourites. And this is another fine one to add to it.\r\n\r\nSuperb casting. I could not miss Redford films of the recent. At this age, he's phenomenal. And Jane Fonda was equally great. Another Netflix's wonderful product directed by an Indian filmmaker. This was about two old guys, been single for a long time. Now trying to connect, with some effort, they develop an understanding relationship. But not everybody around is happy with it. They have to face them and keep it going. Afterall at this age what they have set to lose!\r\n\r\nMore like a real life event. There's no any twist, not like a surprising incident. Just beautiful, a kind of love tale. Obviously a little slow, but totally worth it. If you like drama films, this will be a treat to watch. Based on the book of the same name. My only issue was, the end was ordinary, though an acceptable one. Surely, the families, the middle aged members and above would enjoy it. One of the best films of the year.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [364223, 438639, 401278, 442033], "youtube_key": "lci71HjGvaM"}