{"tmdb_id": 433280, "title": "Your Will Be Done", "original_title": "So auf Erden", "slug_title": "your-will-be-done", "date": "2017-06-26", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "For Johannes and Lydia Klare, their faith in God comes first. Together they lead a small community in Stuttgart, successfully. People listen to them, they are becoming more and more close to them. There are even plans to make the donor-funded community much bigger by the generous contributions of Volker. First of all, the couple have quite different, more urgent points to take care of. When one day they watch the homeless street-boy Simon drifting back and forth in drug-related crises, they take him for a short while. Together they want to help him again on the right path. But it is not just the drugs that are causing conflicts. Simon's homosexuality also presents the two with great challenge, since it is not so easy to unite with their faith.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qjREekhumnOSdc25FHyTN0DbK34.jpg", "actors": ["Edgar Selge (Johannes Klare)", "Franziska Walser (Lydia Klare)", "Jannis Niew\u00f6hner (Simon R\u00fctzel)", "Rolf Kanies (Simons Vater)", "Peter Jordan (Volker Reiche)", "Thilo Prothmann (Bernd Trampe)", "Michael Ihnow ()", "Carlotta von Falkenhayn (Luisa Reiche)", "Falk Rockstroh (Dr. Gerd B\u00f6hme)", "Anton Spieker (Lennard)", "Anja Beatrice Kaul (Sonja Keppler)", "Ruth Blauert (Frau Reiche)", "Katharina Riepler (Eva)", "Gode Benedix (Obdachloser)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}