{"tmdb_id": 433450, "title": "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger vs. Ninninger the Movie: Super Sentai's Message from the Future", "original_title": "\u5287\u5834\u7248 \u52d5\u7269\u6226\u968a\u30b8\u30e5\u30a6\u30aa\u30a6\u30b8\u30e3\u30fcVS\u30cb\u30f3\u30cb\u30f3\u30b8\u30e3\u30fc \u672a\u6765\u304b\u3089\u306e\u30e1\u30c3\u30bb\u30fc\u30b8 from \u30b9\u30fc\u30d1\u30fc\u6226\u968a", "slug_title": "doubutsu-sentai-zyuohger-vs-ninninger-the-movie-super-sentai-s-message-from-the-future", "date": "2017-01-14", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "The chronology of Super Sentai may, at last, be at an end. A boy has arrived from the future to save the earth from catastrophe. Yamato and his team are not aware that they are part of the enemy's plans. The Ninningers, who once protected Earth, have returned! And this time, they believe the Zyuohger are Yokai monsters! This battle will be the end of both teams. Will the message of the future boy get to Yamato in time? An unbelievable roll call that brings together all the Rangers of the Super Sentai! In 2017 the battle of all battles begins!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/57wp15yFcUwuNWpk1oRIL8RsMV0.jpg", "actors": ["Masaki Nakao (Yamato Kazakiri / Zyuoh Eagle)", "Miki Yanagi (Sela / Zyuoh Shark)", "Tsurugi Watanabe (Tusk / Zyuoh Elephant)", "Haruka Tateishi (Amu / Zyuoh Tiger)", "Naoki Kunishima (Misao Mondo / Zyuoh The World)", "Shunsuke Nishikawa (Takaharu Igasaki / AkaNinger)", "Gaku Matsumoto (Yakumo 'Cloud' Katou / AoNinger)", "Kaito Nakamura (Nagi Matsuo / KiNinger)", "Kasumi Yamaya (Kasumi Momochi / MomoNinger)", "Tawada Hideya (Kinji Takigawa / StarNinger)", "Yuuka Yano (Fuuka Igasaki / ShiroNinger)", "Shohei Nanba (Leo / Zyuoh Lion)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "8rB079RdP5k"}