{"tmdb_id": 43348, "title": "Bataille Sans Merci", "original_title": "Gun Fury", "slug_title": "bataille-sans-merci", "date": "1953-10-09", "genre": "Romance / Crime / Action / Aventure / Western", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Ben Warren, ancien militaire part chercher sa fianc\u00e9e Jennifer pour la conduire en Californie o\u00f9 ils d\u00e9sirent s'\u00e9tablir. Leur diligence est attaqu\u00e9e par deux hommes masqu\u00e9s qui assomment Warren, s'emparent de deux sacs d'or et enl\u00e8vent Jennifer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eWstQ0U9w8B1a2ASnbcr428RyrJ.jpg", "actors": ["Rock Hudson (Ben Warren)", "Donna Reed (Jennifer Ballard)", "Lee Marvin (Blinky)", "Philip Carey (Frank Slayton)", "Roberta Haynes (Estella Morales)", "Leo Gordon (Tom 'Jess' Burgess)", "Neville Brand (Brazos)", "Ray Thomas (Doc)", "Bob Herron (Curly Jordan)", "Phil Rawlins (Jim Morse)", "Forrest Lewis (Weatherby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Whilst tackling the 3-D gimmick they forgot to form the characters.\r\n\r\nGun Fury is directed by Raoul Walsh and stars Rock Hudson, Donna Reed, Phillip Carey, Roberta Haynes, Leo Gordon, Lee Marvin & Neville Brand. It's adapted from the novel Ten Against Caesar written by Kathleen B. George & Robert A. Granger. Cinematographer is Lester White, with Sedona, Arizona used for the location work. It is a Technicolor production out of Columbia Pictures.\r\n\r\nPlot sees Hudson as Civil War veteran Ben Warren, who after meeting up with Jennifer (Reed), the girl he is soon to marry, catches the stage to Haynesville. But little do they know that two of the passengers (Carey & Gordon) that are travelling with them are outlaws who are after the strongbox on board the coach. Once the hold-up occurs a fight breaks out and during the m\u00eal\u00e9e Ben is shot and presumed dead . The outlaws flee taking Jennifer with them. But Ben is not dead, and now he's after them. Having recently turned pacifist, just what will he do to get his love back unharmed?.\r\n\r\nOriginally presented in 3-D on its release, Gun Fury is a brisk Western that unsurprisingly given it's director's keen eye for such things, isn't found wanting for action. However, for depth of story and character studies, it's not one too get excited about. Which is a shame because there's definitely scope within the plot to expand some of the protagonists psychological themes. Still, if one is after a quick fix of Western action staples then this serves its purpose. Gun play, horse pursuits and even fist fights in the water, Walsh delivers pulse raising scenes set in amongst the gorgeous back drops of Sedona. But be warned, the finale is some what tepid and doesn't do justice to what had gone before it.\r\n\r\nCast wise Hudson is solid enough but is blown off the screen by both Carey & Gordon. While Reed is attractive and professional in what is a pretty undemanding role. In the support cast there's the added bonus of having tough guys Marvin & Brand playing villains. The score from uncredited Arthur Morton & Mischa Bakaleinikoff links the narrative well enough, and there's some fun to be had with the 3-D moments as various items are launched at the screen. So a safe time filler for Western fans then, but it could, and should, have been much more. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [23115, 29032, 229401, 73810]}