{"tmdb_id": 43368, "title": "La Vall\u00e9e des g\u00e9ants", "original_title": "The Big Trees", "slug_title": "la-vallee-des-geants", "date": "1952-02-05", "genre": "Romance / Western", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Au d\u00e9but du si\u00e8cle dernier, pour faire fortune, un bucheron peu scrupuleux d\u00e9cide avec l'appui de la loi de d\u00e9cimer toute une vall\u00e9e d'arbres g\u00e9ants, occup\u00e9e par une colonie de Quaker qui ne le voit pas du m\u00eame \u0153il.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hlE6XJLSXQez5CwlgH4qy8rAKCp.jpg", "actors": ["Kirk Douglas (Jim Fallon)", "Eve Miller (Alicia Chadwick)", "Patrice Wymore (Daisy Fisher / Dora Figg)", "Edgar Buchanan (Walter 'Yukon' Burns)", "John Archer (Frenchy LeCroix)", "Alan Hale Jr. (Tiny)", "Roy Roberts (Judge Crenshaw)", "Charles Meredith (Elder Bixby)", "Harry Cording (Cleve Gregg)", "Ellen Corby (Sister Blackburn)", "William Challee (Brother Williams)", "Lane Chandler (Brother Dorn)", "Frank Hagney (Glen)", "Michael Jeffers (Lumberman)", "Bill McLean (Ivan)", "Lester Sharpe (Gray)", "Duke Watson (Murdock)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Old-fashioned atypical Western laden by complex legal/financial talk, but has several highlights\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1952 and directed by Felix Feist, \"The Big Trees\" stars Kirk Douglas as a conniving lumber baron, Jim Fallon, who schemes to make it rich in Northern California in 1900 when a new law means large tracks of land are up for grabs to whoever can pay the fees. He plans to cut down the mighty redwoods but a colony of homesteading Quaker-like Christians are unwavering in their resolve to save the largest of the sacred trees, which are the ones Fallon wants most. Edgar Buchanan plays Fallon\u2019s sidekick-turned-marshal in the Redwoods, Walter \"Yukon Lucky\" Burns. \r\n\r\nThis was a remake of Warner Brother's \"Valley of the Giants\" from fifteen years earlier. While Douglas worked for free to get out of his WB contract it doesn\u2019t seem like it, as he has his usual gusto. The old-fashioned tone will likely turn off modern viewers but the environmental message was certainly ahead of its time. The story lacks drive, however, due to the convoluted dialog about legalities & finance; it's as though you need a doctorate on California land law in order to follow what\u2019s happening.\r\n\r\nFallon (Douglas) naturally becomes smitten by religious beauty Alicia Chadwick (Eve Miller) while having dubious links to blonde showgirl Dora \"Daisy Fisher\" Figg (Patrice Wymore). Speaking of whom, jaw-dropping Wymore has a memorable song & dance sequence that\u2019s worth the price of admission, particularly when she, um, never mind. \r\n\r\nThere are several other highlights, like a scene that shows how ancient the redwoods are (e.g. they were fully grown when William the Conqueror invaded England in 1066). Furthermore, there are fistfights, a falling tree that crushes a cabin, a dynamited dam, a thrilling runaway train sequence, a huge trestle that collapses under the train, a sacrificial death and a good moral(s).\r\n\r\nI should add that the script perpetuates the myth that \u201cThe Lord helps those who help themselves\u201d comes from the Bible. While a worthy proverb, it\u2019s not Scripture. \r\n\r\nWatch out for Alan Hale Jr. (the Skipper from Gilligan\u2019s Island) playing Tiny.  \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 29 minutes and was shot in Redwood Groves, Orick and Eureka, California. WRITERS: John Twist and James R. Webb wrote the screenplay from Kenneth Earl\u2019s novel.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [112067, 485925, 257027, 94618]}