{"tmdb_id": 43380, "title": "L'Attaque de la malle-poste", "original_title": "Rawhide", "slug_title": "l-attaque-de-la-malle-poste", "date": "1951-03-25", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Tom Owens aide le vieux Sam Todd \u00e0 diriger le relais de diligences de Rawhide, un coin perdu de l'Arizona. Les deux hommes tentent de persuader une voyageuse de ne pas repartir le jour m\u00eame; ils lui conseillent d'attendre le lendemain \u00e0 cause des voleurs qui s\u00e9vissent dans la r\u00e9gion. Mais le chef d'un gang arrive au relais avec ses hommes dans l'intention de s'emparer d'une diligence transportant cent mille dollars en or. Le vieux Sam tente de s'opposer au chef du gang qui n'h\u00e9site pas \u00e0 le tuer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hRTKfCRk5v4GFlkHHIRM30yuXOz.jpg", "actors": ["Tyrone Power (Tom Owens)", "Susan Hayward (Vinnie Holt)", "Hugh Marlowe (Zimmerman / Deputy sheriff Ben Miles)", "Dean Jagger (Yancy)", "Edgar Buchanan (Sam Todd (Rawhide stationmaster))", "Jack Elam (Tevis)", "George Tobias (Gratz)", "Jeff Corey (Luke Davis)", "James Millican (Tex Squires)", "Louis Jean Heydt (Fickert ('New York Herald'))", "William Haade (Gil Scott)", "Milton R. Corey Sr. (Doctor Tucker)", "Kenneth Tobey (Lieutenant Wingate)", "Dan White (Gilchrist)", "Max Terhune (Miner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Desperate Siege. \r\n\r\nRawhide is directed by Henry Hathaway and written by Dudley Nichols. It stars Tyrone Power, Susan Hayward, Hugh Marlowe, Jack Elam, George Tobias, Dean Jagger and Edgar Buchanan. Music is by Sol Kaplan and Lionel Newman and cinematography by Milton Krasner. \r\n\r\nA stagecoach station employee and a stranded woman traveller and her baby niece find themselves held hostage by four escaped convicts intending to rob the next day's gold shipment. \r\n\r\nA Western remake of 1935 crime film Show Them No Mercy, Rawhide is the embodiment of a solid Western production. Beautifully photographed in black and white by Krasner, smoothly performed by a strong cast of actors and seamlessly directed by the astute Hathaway, it builds the hostage plot slowly, tightening the screws of character development a bit at a time, and it unfolds in a blaze of glory come film's end. \r\n\r\nCharacterisations are always interesting, if a bit conventional to anyone who has watched a lot of Oaters. Power is of course our hero in waiting and Hayward is spunky and feisty, I wonder if they will get together romantically? The four convicts are your typical scuzzy types, with Marlowe dominating the screen as the intelligent leader saddled with cohorts he really doesn't care for, while Elam is wonderfully vile as a lecherous loose cannon. \r\n\r\nThe thematics of greed, sexual hostility and jeopardy for Hayward and child keep the pot boiling nicely, so suspense is a constant, and some thought has gone into the writing as regards the convict group dynamic. Sadly Kaplan's musical score is quite often cheese laden, even ridiculously jolly and not at one with the noirish thriller conventions of the story. But regardless of irritating musical interludes, this is a very good Oater and comfortably recommended to Western fans who want more than your standard shoot em' up B pictures. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [145966, 44766, 279388, 22606], "youtube_key": "4jujbfORn7A"}