{"tmdb_id": 433808, "title": "Le Rituel", "original_title": "The Ritual", "slug_title": "le-rituel", "date": "2017-10-11", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Quatre amis de longue date dont les relations se sont peu \u00e0 peu tendues s'aventurent dans la nature sauvage de Su\u00e8de au risque de ne jamais en revenir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9022CYEGqYETCeXN1oE3uwYJWub.jpg", "actors": ["Rafe Spall (Luke)", "Robert James-Collier (Hutch)", "Sam Troughton (Dom)", "Arsher Ali (Phil)", "Paul Reid (Robert)", "Kerri McLean (Gayle)", "Jacob James Beswick (Fiend)", "Maria Erwolter (Sara)", "Hilary Reeves (The Curate)", "Peter Liddell (The Logger)", "Francesca Mula (The Witch)", "Matthew Needham (Junkie)", "Gheorghe Mezei (Parishioner)", "Adriana Macsut (Parishioner)", "Constantin Codrea (Parishioner)", "Zane Jarcu (Shop Keeper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm sorry, but who the fuck, with no promotional material, and with a name as generic as _The_ fuckin' _Ritual_, told this movie, it was allowed to be so good?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 2017 and directed by David Bruckner, \"The Ritual\" is a psychological adventure/horror about four British dudes in their 30s who embark on a hike in remote northern Sweden wherein it slowly becomes evident that some THING is stalking them in the dark woods. Will any of them make it out alive? \r\n\r\nThis is basically a meshing of \u201cThe Blair Witch Project\u201d (1999) and \u201cOgre\u201d (2008), but without the tongue-in-cheekiness of the latter. There\u2019s also a little bit of \u201cThe Wicker Man\u201d (1973/2006). Like \u201cBlair Witch\u201d the foul-mouthed protagonists become increasingly horrified in the foreboding forest and eventually turn on one another. But the sylvan cinematography is leagues superior due to the spectacular Romanian locations as opposed to the pedestrian film-work of \u201cBlair Witch\u201d in Maryland (which is understandable since the latter is a \u201cfound-footage\u201d flick).\r\n\r\nI\u2019m not going to give-away the creature, which isn\u2019t fully revealed until the last fifteen minutes, but it\u2019s basically a hybrid of the monsters in \u201cThe Relic\u201d (1997) and \u201cWendigo\u201d (2001), albeit bigger, and superior to both. The second half deviates from the book and people complain about it, but it\u2019s superior to the lame black metal cult of the book IMHO and you can\u2019t beat one potent sequence that smacks of hell-on-earth. There\u2019s also an intriguing element about achieving nigh-immortality at the price of submissive veneration. Despite these positives, the movie\u2019s a little uneventful and humdrum, plus it's lacking in the female department.                \r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour 34 minutes and was shot entirely in Romania. WRITERS: Joe Barton wrote the script based on Adam Nevill\u2019s 2012 novel. CAST: The four protagonists are played by Rafe Spall, Arsher Ali, Robert James-Collier and Sam Troughton. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B- (6.5/10)"}, {"pseudo": "EmkEyen", "content": "The Ritual is a monster movie with psychological ambitions and seemingly a decent budget. The j\u00f6tunn monster is actually quite good and so are the cyclic re-enactments of the early on liquor store trauma. Unfortunately the rest of the movie is as bland as the title and relies too much on exotism of the deep Swedish forests. Sadly even that component gets watered out and the endgame cultists seem to be some recycled wiccans from Scotland rather than pre-christians of northern Scandinavia."}], "recommandations_id": [424121, 441701, 452507, 493922], "youtube_key": "aBFyixPE7zA"}