{"tmdb_id": 43397, "title": "Pris au pi\u00e8ge", "original_title": "Caught", "slug_title": "pris-au-piege", "date": "1949-02-17", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Leonara ( Barbara Bel Geddes) est persuad\u00e9e que la cl\u00e9 du bonheur dans la vie est de trouver un mari tr\u00e8s riche. Elle \u00e9pouse un magnat c\u00e9l\u00e8bre, Smith Ohlrig (Robert Ryan), qui petit \u00e0 petit, l'enferme dans une cage dor\u00e9e. Insidieusement, leur relation se d\u00e9grade, Ohlrig consid\u00e9rant Leonara d'avantage comme une employ\u00e9e que comme une \u00e9pouse. D\u00e9\u00e7ue, bless\u00e9e, elle s'enfuit, trouve un emploi de secr\u00e9taire pour un modeste p\u00e9diatre incarn\u00e9 par James Mason ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7Pji2mAhDOHhQgsaaVdcWV3ersE.jpg", "actors": ["James Mason (Larry Quinada)", "Barbara Bel Geddes (Leonora Eames)", "Robert Ryan (Smith Ohlrig)", "Frank Ferguson (Dr. Hoffman)", "Curt Bois (Franzi Kartos)", "Ruth Brady (Maxine)", "Natalie Schafer (Dorothy Dale)", "Art Smith (Psychiatrist)", "Barbara Billingsley (Store customer in flowered hat (uncredited))", "Sonia Darrin (Miss Chambers (uncredited))", "Jimmy Hawkins (Kevin (uncredited))", "Bernadene Hayes (Mrs. Rudecki (uncredited))", "Pamela Mason (Mrs. Fuller (uncredited))", "Harold Miller (Shopper (uncredited))", "Bert Stevens (Businessman (uncredited))", "Max Wagner (Projectionist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Look at me! Look at what you bought!\r\n\r\nCaught is directed by Max Oph\u00fcls and adapted to screenplay by Arthur Laurents from the novel Wild Calendar written by Libbie Block. It stars Barbara Bel Geddes, Robert Ryan, James Mason, Frank Ferguson and Curt Bois. Music is by Frederick Hollander and cinematography by Lee Garmes. \r\n\r\nSeeking to make a comfy nest by marrying a rich man, Leonora Eames (Geddes) snags more than she bargained for when Smith Ohlrig (Ryan) becomes the man of her life. And then circumstance brings Doctor Larry Quinada (Mason) in to her life and things will never be the same again... \r\n\r\nPsychological swirls ago go in this fine piece of work. Story was changed somewhat by Oph\u00fcls after he was brought in as a last directing throw of the dice. Softening the harsh edges of Leonora's original persona on the page, he brings about a sort of piggy in the middle scenario. On one side she has a tyrant control freak of a husband, on the other she has a good honest gentleman doctor keen to impart his love to her life. It sounds an easy choice to make, but circumstance, the vagaries of noirish fate - of life affirming decisions, doesn't make this a straight forward narrative piece. \r\n\r\nSmith Ohlrig is based on Howard Hughes, who surprisingly didn't kick up too much of a fuss once the word got out. This is one troubled character, mean and controlling, superbly portrayed by a chilling Robert Ryan, it's just a pity there isn't time in the piece for more of Ryan's forceful nastiness. The best scenes feature Ryan, the shamble of the marriage is adroitly filmed by Oph\u00fcls around the gloomy Ohlrig mansion, with reverse shots, perception tinkerings and isolated shadow play emphasising the relationship from hell - the impact of Lee Garmes' (Nightmare Alley) photography and the art direction of Frank Paul Sylos (The Great Flamarion) also not to be under estimated. \r\n\r\nLeonora is a well written character, it would have been easy to have her as weak willed and spineless, but there's a strong feminist bent afforded her by the makers, giving her some guts and intelligence to off set the desperate situation she will find herself in later in the play. Geddes ticks all the right boxes for the emotional requirements of the role, never over doing the histrionics. Mason saunters into the pic with a grace and elegance that made the American market sit up and take notice, a class act and he fits the role perfectly. Oph\u00fcls steers this one admirably throughout, arriving at a culminating finale that's guaranteed to make you have conflicting feelings. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27543, 44041, 28007, 22985]}