{"tmdb_id": 43431, "title": "The Longest Penalty Shot in the World", "original_title": "El penalti m\u00e1s largo del mundo", "slug_title": "the-longest-penalty-shot-in-the-world", "date": "2005-03-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Fernando (Fernando Tejero) is a loser. A gray type, without ambition, that works like bookcases distributor in a supermarket of the quarter. In his free short whiles, he is a substitute keeper of a football team, a third regional one. In all the season he has not played a single minute. But the last Sunday of the league the referee indicates penalty and the regular keeper injures itself. Fernando must occupy the goal for the first time. If penalty scores, the team of the district will proclaim champion. If no, all the effort of a year will not have been worth for anything. When the penalty is just about to be kicked, a group of indignant fans with the referee invades the field and prevents the kick. The competition committee decides that the penalty must play the following Sunday, in the same goal, with same players and the field closed to the public. El Penalti m\u00e1s largo del mundo, (The Longest Penalty Shot in the World) is exactly the history of that week of delay.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l6tsbW1v00or5pkNiX4EdVS25r.jpg", "actors": ["Fernando Tejero (Fernando)", "Mar\u00eda Botto (Ana)", "Marta Larralde (Cecilia)", "Carlos Kaniowsky (Santos)", "Enrique Vill\u00e9n (Adri\u00e1n)", "Fernando Cayo (Bilbao)", "Luis Callejo (Khaled)", "Cristina Alc\u00e1zar (Julia)", "Benito Sagredo (Rom\u00e1n)", "H\u00e9ctor Colom\u00e9 (Rodr\u00edguez)", "Josean Bengoetxea ()", "Adri\u00e1n Portugal ()", "Chani Mart\u00edn (\u00c1rbitro)", "Alejandro Casaseca (N\u00famero 11)", "V\u00edctor Barba (Masajista)", "Javier Coromina ()", "Jos\u00e9 Mar\u00eda Sacrist\u00e1n ()", "Iris Oca\u00f1a ()", "Leonor Mart\u00edn ()", "Rafael Castej\u00f3n (Camarero)", "Javier Guti\u00e9rrez (Rafa)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [48635, 95932, 481, 260793], "youtube_key": "notfound"}