{"tmdb_id": 43435, "title": "Jolson Sings Again", "original_title": "Jolson Sings Again", "slug_title": "jolson-sings-again", "date": "1949-08-17", "genre": "Drame / Musique", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3wCWlyxCTgahHLLJ0vbIAHXVIeG.jpg", "actors": ["Larry Parks (Al Jolson / Himself)", "Barbara Hale (Ellen Clark)", "William Demarest (Steve Martin)", "Ludwig Donath (Cantor Yoelson)", "Bill Goodwin (Tom Baron)", "Myron McCormick (Ralph Bryant)", "Tamara Shayne (Moma Yoelson)", "Bing Crosby (Himself (voice) (uncredited))", "Al Jolson (Himself (singing voice) (uncredited))", "Nelson Leigh (Theater Manager (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CyrusPK", "content": "Columbia had scored a significant financial and critical success with The Jolson Story in 1946 featuring actor Larry Parks miming successfully to Al Jolson's singing voice, the ageing entertainer re-recording all his great hits for the film.  \r\n\r\nThen as now thoughts of a sequel were forthcoming but the story of Jolson's career had essentially been told in its entirety.  \r\n\r\nThis can be seen in the struggle the screenwriters had in creating a compelling narrative for the second film.  \r\n\r\nThe key plot points are fairly anaemic, including the end of one marriage, the gestation of another, a temporary retirement for Jolson and his re-discovery entertaining the troops in World War II.  The final third of the film, in almost an act of desperation, is given over to the production of The Jolson Story, resulting in Larry Parks playing Jolson opposite Larry Parks playing himself.  This includes one sequence where Parks playing Jolson stands on set urging Parks playing Parks who is in fact playing Jolson to successfully mime to the real Jolson's singing.  Possibly the word meta was invented to describe just this kind of scenario.\r\n\r\nThe lack of plot means that the audience is left mostly idling between musical numbers.  The actors try hard; Parks in particular is very personable and captures some of the sheer stage presence and energy of the real  Jolson.  Barbara Hale has a thankless role as Jolson's new wife, mostly sitting admiring the prolonged performance scenes.  Ludwig Donath is precise as Jolson's cantor father with concern for his son echoing through every scene even when he is conveying anger.  \r\n\r\nDespite the presence of Technicolor the production looks a little cheap with a lot of fairly basic sets - the cinema foyer looks like a re-dress of something used in another film and the Alaskan army hut is two walls and a backdrop.  Many scenes are conveyed through newspaper and other montages and there is never really much conviction to Jolson's international travels.\r\n\r\nThe music is the main drawcard here and the real Jolson provides committed and passionate singing throughout.  It is a pity that the surrounding fabric of the film could not better support his work."}], "recommandations_id": []}