{"tmdb_id": 43440, "title": "Un homme change son destin", "original_title": "The Stratton Story", "slug_title": "un-homme-change-son-destin", "date": "1949-06-01", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Monty Stratton est un jeune fermier partageant son temps entre une exploitation agricole qu\u2019il g\u00e8re avec sa m\u00e8re et sa passion pour le base-ball. Sa vie s\u2019\u00e9coule tranquillement jusqu\u2019au jour o\u00f9 un ancien joueur professionnel, Barney Wile, remarque ses qualit\u00e9s de lanceur. Persuad\u00e9 d\u2019avoir d\u00e9nich\u00e9 un futur champion, Wile prend Stratton sous son aile et l\u2019entra\u00eene afin qu\u2019il int\u00e8gre l\u2019\u00e9quipe des White Sox de Chicago. Malgr\u00e9 les r\u00e9ticences de sa m\u00e8re, Monty am\u00e9liore son jeu et convainc l\u2019entra\u00eeneur des Sox. Petit \u00e0 petit, Stratton remporte ses galons de titulaire puis devient un \u00e9l\u00e9ment cl\u00e9 de l\u2019\u00e9quipe. Parall\u00e8lement, il rencontre la belle Ethel dont il conquiert le c\u0153ur. Apr\u00e8s son mariage et alors que sa carri\u00e8re atteint son apog\u00e9e, le champion est victime d\u2019un accident de chasse et perd une jambe...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r7kWEmOJfOetHx9k1iQxbbwJihM.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Monty Stratton)", "June Allyson (Ethel)", "Frank Morgan (Barney Wile)", "Agnes Moorehead (Ma Stratton)", "Bill Williams (Eddie Dibson)", "Bruce Cowling (Ted Lyons)", "Cliff Clark (Josh Higgins)", "Mary Lawrence (Dot)", "Dean White (Luke Appling)", "Robert Gist (Earnie)", "Gene Bearden (Gene Bearden)", "Bill Dickey (Bill Dickey)", "Jimmy Dykes (Jimmy Dykes)", "Mervyn Shea (Mervyn Shea)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You can't keep a good man down.\r\n\r\nMonty Stratton (James Stewart) was a pitcher for the Chicago White Sox in the 1930s. From humble farm yard beginnings he became a top player, but tragedy struck and he lost a leg after a hunting accident. This is his inspirational story.\r\n\r\nIt is what it is really, a film heavy on sentimentality that is virtually impossible not to warm to. Perfect casting pitches (ahem) Stewart as the homespun Stratton, an American hero who defied the odds to play again the game he loved so much. His wife is played by June Allyson, who at times is a bit too precious, but again it works out as astute casting as the love and support Ethel gives to Monty positively booms out of the screen. This is a couple who are very easy to root for under trying circumstances.\r\n\r\nIt's not exactly kosher as per the facts, but the essence, the driving spirit rings true. Baseball sequences are well handled by director Sam Wood (see also The Pride of the Yankees 1942), while there's a distinct feeling of respect portrayed by all involved in baseball at the time which is ultimately nice. Agnes Moorehead and Frank Morgan add some solid weight to key characters, and it's nice to find that the writers (Douglas Morrow & Guy Trosper) don't write Stratton as some dumb farm boy in a big man's world.\r\n\r\nEasy to like entertainment. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27629, 28907, 48993, 45184]}