{"tmdb_id": 435117, "title": "La vie r\u00eav\u00e9e de Gwen", "original_title": "The Birthday Wish", "slug_title": "la-vie-revee-de-gwen", "date": "2017-01-21", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Romance"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Gwen, une talentueuse r\u00e9alisatrice de publicit\u00e9s, esp\u00e8re que son petit ami, Alex, la demandera en mariage. Mais ce dernier s'int\u00e9resse plus \u00e0 sa carri\u00e8re qu'\u00e0 la vie de couple. En soufflant ses trente bougies, Gwen fait le voeu de savoir ce que sera son quotidien dans dix ans. Elle se voit alors vivre avec Dave, son nouveau coll\u00e8gue. Mais la jeunefemme n'a pas du tout envie que cela se produise...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xxKd2bO84niAxWb5edkjLL4R2WW.jpg", "actors": ["Jessy Schram (Gwen Turner)", "Luke MacFarlane (Dave McKinley)", "Marcus Rosner (Alex)", "Cardi Wong (Greg)", "Derek Green (Charles)", "Drew Tanner (Kian)", "Manoj Sood (Optometrist)", "Benita Ha (Doctor)", "Ronald Patrick Thompson (Waiter)", "Robyn Ross (Cookie Actress)", "Mark Brandon (Pitchman)", "Maja Milkovich (Restaurant Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**For some people, the DELAY steers them to the right path.**\r\n\r\nThis is the first Hallmark film I'm watching after the end of the winter. When it is the Christmas season, I always go for the Hallmark films, but I got interested on this after learning about the plot. If you are very familiar with Hallmark films, you will know what to expect and how to enjoy them. I totally got entertained. This story is obviously not fresh, but refreshed with the great characters.\r\n\r\nGwen is who just tuned 30, was expecting the marriage proposal from her boyfriend, but nothing happened. She's an ad filmmaker, as her focus slipping away from the duty for not getting married, then she meets a new workmate, whose their initial impression does not go well. But later they start to have feelings for each other. If that's true how they are going make it real was revealed in the rest of the film.\r\n\r\nSome of the lines were very nice. Well executed utilising fine cast and locations. Jessy Schram was simply amazing and also the plus point of the film. The rest of them were not bad either. Since it is a television film, it did not go past the 90 minute mark. That means well paced narration with the well developed storyline. I think it will work better for family audiences. But I suggest it for everyone, if they watch it with low expectation. Surely worth a try, particularly in a date night.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [435107, 456213, 433677, 413440], "youtube_key": "notfound"}