{"tmdb_id": 43539, "title": "Les Trois Prochains Jours", "original_title": "The Next Three Days", "slug_title": "les-trois-prochains-jours", "date": "2010-11-18", "genre": ["Romance / Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "John Brennan, sa femme Lara et leur enfant vivent un bonheur sans nuage, jusqu'au jour o\u00f9 elle est arr\u00eat\u00e9e pour un meurtre qu'elle nie avoir commis. Trois ans apr\u00e8s sa condamnation, John se d\u00e9bat pour pr\u00e9server l'unit\u00e9 de sa famille, \u00e9levant seul leur fils, tout en se d\u00e9menant pour prouver l'innocence de sa femme. Lorsque leur derni\u00e8re tentative d'appel \u00e9choue, Lara s'enfonce dans la d\u00e9pression au risque de mettre fin \u00e0 ses jours. John n'a plus qu'une seule solution pour sauver sa femme : la faire \u00e9vader. Malgr\u00e9 son inexp\u00e9rience, John plonge dans les eaux troubles et dangereuses de l'ill\u00e9galit\u00e9 et se lance dans l'op\u00e9ration de la derni\u00e8re chance.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/odZECgJpQSUUK1tOMrkT7LWxSkI.jpg", "actors": ["Russell Crowe (John Brennan)", "Elizabeth Banks (Lara)", "Brian Dennehy (George Brennan)", "RZA (Mouss)", "Moran Atias (Erit)", "Olivia Wilde (Nicole)", "Jason Beghe (Detective Quinn)", "Nazanin Boniadi (Elaine)", "Tyrone Giordano (Mike)", "Ty Simpkins (Luke)", "Liam Neeson (Damon)", "Jonathan Tucker (David)", "Lennie James (Lieutenant Nabulsi)", "Michael Buie (Mick Brennan)", "Helen Carey (Grace Brennan)", "Remy Nozik (Jenna)", "Aisha Hinds (Detective Collero)", "Leslie Merrill (Elizabeth Gesas)", "Daniel Stern (Meyer Fisk)", "Rachel Deacon (Duty Nurse)", "Derek Cecil (Dr. Becsey)", "Kaitlyn Wylde (Julie)", "Kevin Corrigan (Alex)", "Jeff Hochendoner (Alex's Thug Buddy)", "Lauren Haggis (Lyla)", "James Ransone (Harv)", "Denise Dal Vera (Eugenie)", "Glenn Taranto (Hospital Security Guard)", "Veronica Brown (Female Guard 1)", "Lisa Ann Goldsmith (Female Guard 2)", "Alissa Haggis (Junkie)", "Allan Steele (Sergeant Harris)", "Zachary Sondrini (Photoshop Kid)", "Etta Cox (Notary)", "Barry Bradford (Jail Guard (Entry Hall))", "Rick Warner (County Jail Captain)", "Quantia Mali (Phone Operator)", "Trudie Styler (Dr. Byrdie Lifson)", "Fabio Polanco (Phone Repairman)", "David Flick (Male Nurse)", "Sean Huze (Prison Guard)", "Tamara Gorski (Hospital Nurse)", "Patrick Brennan (Hospital Guard)", "Brenna McDonough (Brenda)", "Melissa Jackson (Airline Clerk)", "Patrick McDade (Airport Security Chief)", "James Francis Kelly III (Lab Van Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheCakerBaker", "content": "If Paul Haggis is going to keep on making movies, would somebody do us all a favor and sign him up for a basic screenwriting class? I mean, please, this film could be a lesson all on its own on how not to write a decent screenplay. Its all in here: one-dimensional characters, supremely poor pacing, multiple threads that go absolutely nowhere and completely implausible action sequences.\r\n\r\nAnd, you know, it's just a B-thriller. It's not like I haven't seen these mistakes time and time again. What really bothers me is just how highly it thinks of itself. It not only thinks it's interesting (which it isn't whatsoever), but it thinks it's smart, edgy, and it probably even thinks it's clever. I mean, there are so many characters who function for exactly one plot point and are then left behind in the dust. For example, this one chick who's name I forget (did they ever even say her name?) is introduced fairly early on in the film, and looks even like Russell Crowe's love interest. We see the very, very beginnings of a meaningful relationship forming and then it turns out that she was only a device to fill in a little potential plot hole (trying not to spoil the movie.) The same with Russell Crowe's parents, there are a handful of scattered scenes with them showing little glimpses of a meaningful relationship, and then the same exact friggin' thing is done, they're used as a simple (and illogical) plot mechanism.\r\n\r\nIt's almost like one of Paul Haggis's friends was reading the script and said \"hey, Paul, this is completely ridiculous, how could they possibly manage to _________\" and Haggis wrote in these characters as devices to satisfy the issue, realized they were one-dimensional, and wrote in a pseudo-intelligent relationship (which doesn't in reality make them any better.) And this is how the first 2/3 of the movie moves so dreadfully slowly. I mean, I'm absolutely confident that with a decent editor, the first hour and fifteen minutes could be whittled down to maybe half an hour.\r\n\r\nThey could have especially left out the symbols that don't actually symbolize anything. Which seems silly to say, but the jar of quarters that keeps recurring in the movie not only has no plot significance, but has zero metaphorical significance. They barely explained what they were doing in their house. They were quite literally only in the film to make it look a little deeper. Not to make it more meaningful, but to make it look more meaningful. To make it \"smart,\" and \"edgy,\" and \"clever.\" I don't usually have a problem with making it through a movie but I had to push to make it through this ludicrous, self-righteous mess."}], "recommandations_id": [16995, 48138, 12201, 8848], "youtube_key": "Dwpw7HJ-XaU"}