{"tmdb_id": 43532, "title": "Summer Holiday", "original_title": "Summer Holiday", "slug_title": "summer-holiday", "date": "1963-02-18", "genre": ["Musique / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "1960s musical showcasing Cliff Richard. Four bus mechanics working for London Transport strike up a deal with the company: they do up a one of the company's legendary red double decker buses and take it to southern Europe as a mobile hotel. If it succeeds, they will be put in charge of a whole fleet. While on the road in France they pick up three young British ladies whose car breaks down and offer to take them to their next singing job in Athens. They also pick up a stowaway, who hides the fact that she's a famous American pop star on the run, chased by the media and her parents.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gXvQ9OPMLSYrNmKiKataxaOrPY6.jpg", "actors": ["Cliff Richard (Don)", "Lauri Peters (Barbara)", "Melvyn Hayes (Cryil)", "Una Stubbs (Sandy)", "Teddy Green (Steve)", "Pamela Hart (Angie)", "Jeremy Bulloch (Edwin)", "Jacqueline Daryl (Mimsie)", "Madge Ryan (Stella)", "Lionel Murton (Jerry)", "Christine Lawson (Annie)", "Ron Moody (Orlando)", "David Kossoff (Magistrate)", "Wendy Barrie (Shepherdess / Dancer (as Wendy Barry))", "Nicholas Phipps (Wrightmore)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lets see if it's true.\r\n\r\nSummer Holiday is directed by Peter Yates who also co-writes the story and screenplay with Ronald Cass. It stars Cliff Richard, Lauri Peters, Melvyn Hayes and Una Stubbs. Story sees Richard and three pals take a red London double decker bus into Europe for their summer holiday. On the way their adventure will see them pick up some girls and an assortment of characters. Fun, frolics and songs follow.\r\n\r\nLight on plot but big on heart, Summer Holiday is well dated and cheesy but still carries with it enough charm to entertain the undemanding musical fan. Some lively sequences dot themselves throughout, but it's with the foot tapping tunes that the picture remains most memorable. Stand outs include the title track, Batchelor Boy and The Next Time, while the presence of The Shadows is also a bonus. It's unlikely to make big fans of first timers who didn't have it as part of their childhood, but for many the nostalgia factor more than compensates for its 101 formula. And of course for fans of the ever amiable Cliff Richard, film remains essential. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [115494, 144121, 249313, 27112], "youtube_key": "notfound"}