{"tmdb_id": 43552, "title": "L'Empire des ombres", "original_title": "Vanishing on 7th Street", "slug_title": "l-empire-des-ombres", "date": "2010-09-11", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Pour une raison inexpliqu\u00e9e, la ville de D\u00e9troit est plong\u00e9e dans le noir. Encore plus inqui\u00e9tant, toute vie humaine semble avoir disparu. Les voitures sont abandonn\u00e9es dans les rues, les v\u00eatements des victimes dont les corps se sont volatilis\u00e9s sont r\u00e9pandus sur les trottoirs, les commerces sont d\u00e9serts, les postes de radio et de t\u00e9l\u00e9vision restent muets. Une poign\u00e9e de survivants converge vers le seul bar qui dispose encore d'\u00e9lectricit\u00e9 gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 un g\u00e9n\u00e9rateur de secours.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u28Utjvana3RxQmOeBT4FTTwm12.jpg", "actors": ["Hayden Christensen (Luke)", "Thandie Newton (Rosemary)", "John Leguizamo (Paul)", "Neal Huff (Chicago Reporter)", "Jacob Latimore (James)", "Taylor Groothuis (Briana)", "Jordan Trovillion (Concession Girl)", "Hugh Maguire (Patient)", "Erin Nicole (Paige Taylor)", "Carolyn Clifford (Female TV Anchor)", "Stephen Clark (Male TV Anchor)", "Larry Fessenden (Bike Messenger)", "Arthur Cartwright (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Vamoosh!\r\n\r\nDirected by Brad Anderson and written by Anthony Jaswinski. It stars Hayden Christensen, Thandie Newton, John Leguizamo and Jacop Latimore. Music is by Lucas Vidal and cinematography by Uta Briesewitz.\r\n\r\nDetroit falls dark and silent and people are disappearing into thin air. A tiny group of survivors \"exist\"...\r\n\r\nWell it went down like a lead balloon! Critics and horror fans alike can't find much to like about it. It's certainly a tricky film to have confidence in recommending to anyone, for it's a bit short on answers and scares, sort of? However, considering the budget there's some technical guile here, and if giving the makers some credit, there's possibly intelligence of thought in the writing as well. Religio observations, a sly incorporation of the Roanoke colony disappearance and an existential undercurrent.\r\n\r\nYet it's such a frustrating picture, especially if you are a fan of Anderson's best works, or even if you rock up expecting the scarer that the adverts and plot synopsis' suggested. Cast are by the numbers wasted due to being hamstrung by the plot's attempt at blending chills with deeper thought, rendering the characterisations as unfleshed, while the ending feels like a cheat of unfinished business.\r\n\r\nPersonally I'm glad I didn't pay at the cinema to see it, but with that comes the fact that in my darkened living room the other night I enjoyed it to a point. But here's a thing, it probably needs a second viewing for it to breathe better, but I'm not sure I could ever sit through it again... 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [63207, 11152, 30685, 10727], "youtube_key": "X-RA1U2rAw8"}