{"tmdb_id": 435645, "title": "Manchester United: The Official History 1878-2002", "original_title": "Manchester United: The Official History 1878-2002", "slug_title": "manchester-united-the-official-history-1878-2002", "date": "2002-10-21", "genre": ["Documentaire / Histoire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Manchester United Football Club started life as Newton Heath, a team founded by workers from the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1878. Recounting the history of Manchester United. Honors soon followed and the first of seven First Division titles was won in 1908. With an FA Cup win the following year, and another league title two years later, Manchester United were firmly establishing themselves as a force in English football. The era of great success and tragedy under the inspirational management of Sir Matt Busby and the Busby Babes. Charlton, Best and Law won the European Cup. Sir Alex Ferguson built the team of the nineties that have gone on to win seven premiership titles over the last ten years. Built around home-grown talent and inspirational signings (such as Eric Cantona), United moved into an era of unrivalled success which culminated in the remarkable treble of 1999. Further championships followed in both 2000 and 2001.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4o7e5vYy3V5NZm9JymwHXr0Vqlb.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Ferguson ()", "Arthur Albiston ()", "Sir Matt Busby ()", "Viv Anderson ()", "Ron Atkinson ()", "Dennis Bergkamp ()", "George Best ()", "Eric Cantona ()", "Andy Cole ()", "Rio Ferdinand ()", "Roy Keane ()", "Gary Neville ()", "Paul Scholes ()", "David Beckham ()", "David James ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}