{"tmdb_id": 43593, "title": "Piranha 3D", "original_title": "Piranha 3D", "slug_title": "piranha-3d", "date": "2010-08-20", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Alors que la ville de Lake Victoria s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 recevoir des milliers d'\u00e9tudiants pour le week-end de P\u00e2ques, un tremblement de terre secoue la ville et ouvre, sous le lac, une faille d'o\u00f9 des milliers de piranhas s'\u00e9chappent. Inconscients du danger qui les guette, tous les \u00e9tudiants font la f\u00eate sur le lac tandis que Julie, la sh\u00e9rif, d\u00e9couvre un premier corps d\u00e9vor\u00e9... La journ\u00e9e va \u00eatre d'autant plus longue pour elle que Jake, son fils, a d\u00e9laiss\u00e9 la garde de ses jeunes fr\u00e8res et soeurs pour servir de guide \u00e0 bord du b\u00e2teau des sexy Wild Wild Girls !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q112cRpvz05fg8T2nXMhbH8yPPP.jpg", "actors": ["Elisabeth Shue (Julie Forester)", "Adam Scott (Novak Radzinsky)", "Jerry O'Connell (Derrick Jones)", "Steven R. McQueen (Jake Forester)", "Jessica Szohr (Kelly Driscoll)", "Ving Rhames (Deputy Fallon)", "Dina Meyer (Paula Montellano)", "Kelly Brook (Danni)", "Richard Dreyfuss (Matthew Boyd)", "Christopher Lloyd (Henry Goodman)", "Devra Korwin (Mrs. Goodman)", "Riley Steele (Crystal)", "Cody Longo (Todd Dupree)", "Ricardo Chavira (Sam)", "Paul Scheer (Andrew)", "Eli Roth (Wet T-Shirt Host)", "Gianna Michaels (Parasailing Girl)", "Ashlynn Brooke (Cheerleader)", "Genevieve Alexandra (Propeller Girl)", "Bria Roberts (Teresa (featured))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "When evil, inbred, cannibal, devilish, prehistoric, underground piranha are unleashed on the tiny town of Lake Victoria during \"Spring Break\", the outcome is all rather predictable. Babes, bikinis, boobs, bums, blood, bazulco and bad acting.\r\n\r\nRun from a budget of $24M the film has almost no actors of note in lead roles. Although there is a cameo from Eli Roth (_Inglourious Basterds_), which is always cool.\r\n\r\nWhat we have here, is a virtually flawless example of stupid fun. There's no point in trying to evaluate a film like _Piranha 3D_ on factors like good taste, because it goes out of its way to smash these conventions apart. The film has this crazy energy about it from beginning to end.\r\n\r\nIt also however, is the perfect example of why 3D is so fucking unnecessary. And though I appreciate how forward the film is, that doesn't make it strictly speaking good. It's part creature-feature, part horror-comedy, but it doesn't stand up in a thrill sense to actual monster movies like _Anaconda_ or _King Kong_, and it doesn't stand up in a humour sense to actual horror comedy like _Shaun of the Dead_ or _Dead Snow_, but it sort of takes off on its own in a passable manner. Though it's kiiinda humorous, the film is mostly just \"fun\", as opposed to \"funny\".\r\n\r\nThe script seems cobbled together with a couple of different half assed plot points, but several half ass plots taped together is better than just one half assed plot trying to hold its own and ending up looking like no plot at all. Exploitation has never really been A-grade material, and even though the \"suspension of disbelief\" thing that films are supposed to have as a general rule, is sort of... not here, _Piranha 3D_ still manages to somehow get this piece of crap off the ground.\r\n\r\nI watched it at about 2am with a male friend of mine who has very similar taste and sense of humour to me, and that's pretty much got to be the best possible setting to watch it in. The CG gore is ridiculous, the 3D focus is ridiculous, the film itself is just fucking ridiculous. But brainless is great sometimes, just don't make a habit of thinking that you can get away with bad exploitation, and calling it Black Comedy, once or twice is fine, but soon it just looks like you're aiming for cult, and getting lazy.\r\n\r\n-Gimly"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is the 2010 remake of the old classic. The original is pretty much crap so I bought this one solely based on the fact that it has been getting unusually good reviews from both critics as well as viewers.\n\nI have to say that I am at loss as to why. There are loads of much better films in the action/horror/fantasy genre\u2019s that, at least the so called \u201ccritics\u201d totally hammer. Why the hell this trash got so good scores is beyond me.\n\nThe female acting consists of showing off your boobs then get eaten. The male acting consists of being an asshole, get your dick eaten, then get the rest eaten. The main \u201cevent\u201d is a contrived scene when the main asshole get his dick bitten off and the piranhas eat it and spit it out again under water. I\u2019m sure the 3D effects made it even more ridiculous than in 2d. I usually have rather high tolerance for poor acting and bad scripts when it comes to otherwise effects and gore loaded films but most of this film I was just thinking, \u201cwhat the f... is this shit!\u201d.\n\nMost of the film was just scenes stashed on top of each other designed to show of 3D effects with boobs and various ways a human could get eaten. This is a typical example of why 3D is bad for the movie industry."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Piranha hunt in packs - not for protection, but for overwhelming force.\r\n\r\nActually many of today's younger multiplex goers hunt in packs, they know what they like and they know how to have a good time with even the most crude or banal movie. I don't mean that as an insult, it's just indicative of the film market available to them, it's the reason why films like this here Piranha remake/re-imaging/re-jig exists and makes money. Even \"spawning\" a franchise on occasions.\r\n\r\nAlexandre Aja's Piranha 3D is a complete machine gun of a movie, it knew exactly how to sell tickets at the box office. Even before the 3D was used as a selling point, the word down the grapevine was the promise of lithe bodies in beach wear and loads of CGI killer fish shredding the hell out of a whole community. And that's exactly what is delivered, only with extras that see considerable nudity in the mammary areas and Elisabeth Shue and Ving Rhames kicking buttocks.\r\n\r\nIt's all very bloody, even lurid and exploitive, while it's difficult to know if you are meant to laugh, scream or do something that Russ Meyer would endorse? But, and I say this as a middle aged old fart, there is so much fun to be had here if you are prepared to unscrew your head and take out your brain. Strap yourselves in Piranha 3D haters, your grandchildren might just be enjoying in the future: Piranha 27: Sexy Mechanoid Bimbos Fight Back. But will they hate themselves in the morning? 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [71668, 29427, 1691, 9792], "youtube_key": "RdFx7-u4Q68"}