{"tmdb_id": 43601, "title": "Bombshell", "original_title": "Bombshell", "slug_title": "bombshell", "date": "1933-10-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Sexpot film star Lola Burns (Jean Harlow) is at the top of the pile in Hollywood in this pre-code film directed by Victor Fleming But with her father and brother always hanging around for handouts and the studio PR honcho cooking up endless lurid newspaper stories, she decides to get a new image by trying all sorts of schemes which go awry.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/icvubFLMdRxa7kd6C1L4z83VGtK.jpg", "actors": ["Jean Harlow (Lola Burns)", "Lee Tracy (E.J.\"Space\"Hanlon)", "Frank Morgan (Pops Burns)", "Franchot Tone (Gifford Middleton)", "Pat O\u2019Brien (Jim Brogan)", "Una Merkel (Mac)", "Ted Healy (Junior Burns)", "Ivan Lebedeff (Marquis Hugo)", "Isabel Jewell (A Girl Friend (as Isobel Jewell))", "Louise Beavers (Loretta)", "Leonard Carey (Winters)", "Mary Forbes (Mrs. Middleton)", "C. Aubrey Smith (Mr. Middleton)", "June Brewster (Alice Cole)", "Minerva Urecal (Autograph Seeker)", "Dorothy DeBorba (Autograph Seeker)", "Grace Hayle (Mrs. Titcomb)", "Nils Asther (Nightclub Patron (uncredited))", "Martha Sleeper (Lola's Hair Stylist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was so much fun to watch, as Harlow tries to have her cake and eat it too, in having both the fine career, adopt a baby, and have true love, which she's trying to discover amongst four very different suitors. Twists abound, and I greatly admire how unchanged she seemed to be (at least in her performance here) from her real self. She was definitely one of the best in this period of coming off that way. I simply wish she had made many more films, and hadn't died at such a young age. I definitely look forward to seeing the other six films in the 100th Anniversary Collection I found this in, from Warner Archives."}], "recommandations_id": [32996, 99732, 86087, 131455], "youtube_key": "3uow-mTwTQ4"}