{"tmdb_id": 436398, "title": "Aurora Teagarden - 5 - Affaire secr\u00e8te", "original_title": "Dead Over Heels: An Aurora Teagarden Mystery", "slug_title": "aurora-teagarden-5-affaire-secrete", "date": "2017-03-19", "genre": "T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Myst\u00e8re / Crime / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Il est de notori\u00e9t\u00e9 publique qu'Aurora Teagarden et le capitaine de police Burns ne s'appr\u00e9cient gu\u00e8re, mais lorsque le corps de ce dernier est jet\u00e9 d'un avion et tombe dans le jardin d'Aurora, c'est l'effroi... La biblioth\u00e9caire va mener l'enqu\u00eate avec l'aide des membres du club des amateurs de meurtres, de son ami journaliste Sally Allison et de son fianc\u00e9 Martin Bartell", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p6TUrrWS9R2pNGRw7NMw2cyLqkv.jpg", "actors": ["Candace Cameron Bure (Aurora Teagarden)", "Yannick Bisson (Martin Bartell)", "Marilu Henner (Aida Teagarden)", "Lexa Doig (Sally Allison)", "Miranda Frigon (Lynn Smith)", "Peter Benson (Arthur Smith)", "Bruce Dawson (John Queensland)", "Jeremy Guilbaut (Tim Prentiss)", "Jim Thorburn (Pete Lambert)", "Ellie Harvie (Lillian)", "Leah Cairns (Bess Burns)", "Craig March (Captain Burns)", "Catherine Lough Haggquist (Terry (Mayor))", "Scott Lyster (Perry)", "Brad Harder (Officer Heard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The death of the police chief!**\r\n\r\nThe fifth film in the Aurora Teagarden Mystery, based on the book of the same name. Another fine film in the film series, but not as good as the previous one. It all started off well, like usual intentional, that does not bother. Even the mid section stood to the expectation. But only the final event, that twist, that explanation did not convince me. Well, I'm not pointing out how the crime was solved, though the who did and the reason for it was not enough to wrap it up in a style.\r\n\r\nSo keep it yourself, if you see what happens in the first three minutes of the film. Because that's how all Aurora Teagarden Mystery rolls out. What follows after are the most crucial, in which these films has done so well. As I said, now this series is well settled down. I liked so far how all the characters worked out their differences with our lead, Aurora. In that, her mother, Aida and the police chief, Jack Burns are the only ones yet to come into resolution. But that's the twist, because Burns is the victim here.\r\n\r\nHis body was dumped in front of Aurora from a small plane while she was in her front yard with Sally. It was a deliberate act, but no one knows why, that's what they have to find out. Aurora, who goes after unsolved crimes, this time it came to her. This is where nobody can stop her, not even her mother. For the first time Aida sided with her daughter by giving some useful information. Except the main ones, most of the characters from the previous films were retained to fill the screen and give a broad view, particularly to make suspenseful. But there were also a couple of new ones added as the story demanded to extend the suspense.\r\n\r\n> \u275dYou are the only person I know that could have a near death experience and immediately start solving the crime.\u275e\r\n\r\nA few unavoidable clich\u00e9s. It was how the characters behaved during the probe. Because if it would not have been suspicious enough, the film had not lasted long. Basically, we call that the plot drag, but the polite way to say is, development. Happy to see Martin still hanging around. That looks does not change in the future as well. But this part somewhat discarded the romance sect. The other side of the story was going strong so. It had one fight sequence too. The television fights are not that impressive, but okay. Especially this being a woman oriented tale, that scene was the least expected. But in this kind of thematic, all are possible.\r\n\r\nMuch improved on the cops' perspective of the crime that Aurora interested in. Mainly because of this was an open case. Lynn was the one who always shining, but they tried to bring Arthur, the Aurora's ex into some actions. The narration kept the mystery moving towards the final section. During the middle, it was a bit slow. And the end twist, not the best one. Since how the story and characters were designed together, there's nothing they could have done it differently. Because you can change the path, but the destination is still the same, which I think let the film down.\r\n\r\nOther than the ending, it was a nice film, enjoyable with the beautiful characters and settings. The director's second straight stint in the franchise. His previous one was by far my favourite. This one too a decent one, if you had liked so far of the series. Nice performances, particularly the other librarian had more scope in this. That makes Aurora had worked out with everyone, which makes more interesting how the next film and all the following would roll out. The next one is the final, the remaining books are yet to turn into films. I'm not too far from reviewing that, before my wait begins for the rest.\r\n\r\n**6.5/10**"}], "recommandations_id": [455034, 414768, 436401, 393737]}