{"tmdb_id": 436932, "title": "Jawbone", "original_title": "Jawbone", "slug_title": "jawbone", "date": "2017-05-12", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Jimmy McCabe , un ancien champion de boxe, touche le fond. Il d\u00e9cide de retourner dans son club formateur et y retrouve son ancienne \u00e9quipe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kvL3CZRILLJ9STxRadGXI0MOeac.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Harris (Jimmy McCabe)", "Ian McShane (Joe Padgett)", "Ray Winstone (William Carney)", "Michael Smiley (Eddie)", "Luke J.I. Smith (Damian)", "Anna Wilson-Hall (Mary)", "Jermaine Allen (Boxing Ring Spectator)", "Archie Cocker (Boxing Ring Spectator)", "Stacey Lynn Crowe (Boxers Wife)", "Marilyn May James (Boxing Ring Spectator)", "Atul Sharma (Boxing Ring Spectator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**He wants to return to his glory days!**\r\n\r\nAnother boxing film and this time its from Britain. Seems a small scale film. Most part of the film was a drama. But the entire final act was the event what everyone had waited for. Like any boxing film, it had the same story that a struggling boxer wants to get back to his professional position and he's intended to do anything for it.\r\n\r\nThe pre-developments were a perfect setting for the what comes in the latter. More than that, a fine base laid for a sequel. This film was average, to me, but its open ending could take it to an even better level in his next. Because of the platform, it could become a small 'Rocky' series, if the filmmakers are willing to go that length. Besides, the title name was an ideal one for such sport.\r\n\r\nAn ex-boxing sensation seeks his return to the ring after losing everything in the life. Recovering from alcoholic, the age is not on his side to get his glory back. No one is supportive. All he has is his firm mindset. But can he do it, especially the professional level challenge is being far fetched, what are all his other options and how far he would go are the remaining story to tell us.\r\n\r\nAn okay film for a first time director. The cast looked okay too, and so the screenplay, even though built from a very familiar background. It tried its best to get the viewers sympathically with its main character. But not everyone gets that emotional appeal as he struggles. Particularly the final fight was guessable its direction. So not much impressive as it should have been, as there are great numbers of boxing films coming out every year. Just one time watchable film, otherwise not necessarily need to be watched, even if you love boxing.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [381712, 497658, 356216, 461515]}