{"tmdb_id": 437627, "title": "Father of Four: At The Top", "original_title": "Far Til Fire P\u00e5 Toppen", "slug_title": "father-of-four-at-the-top", "date": "2017-02-09", "genre": ["Familial / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Everyone is afraid of something. Also Father. He suffers from a terrible case of fear of heights. And for him to not decline a new job opportunity, located on the 27th floor, which could save the family from moving across the country, the family decides to travel to Norway to cure his phobia. But it will soon be clear that Father's phobia isn't the only obstacle standing in their way.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5U1pb2x7YLpYjIpWJBUaOAw6apY.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Brygmann ()", "Thomas Bo Larsen ()", "Elton Rokahaim M\u00f8ller ()", "Laura Lavigne Bie-Olsen ()", "Mingus Hellemann Hassing ()", "Coco Hjardemaal ()", "Anne Sofie Espersen ()", "Yrsa Bjarup Riis ()", "Lukas Toya ()", "Josefine Lindegaard ()", "Jacob Riising ()", "Ulrik Waarli Grimstad ()", "Anne Karin Broberg ()", "Frode Solbakk ()", "Elisabeth Grimmestad ()", "Lise Kamp Dahlerup ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Jolang", "content": "Everyone is afraid of something. Also Father. He suffers from a terrible case of fear of heights. And for him to not decline a new job opportunity, located on the 27th floor, which could save the family from moving across the country, the family decides to travel to Norway to cure his phobia. But it will soon be clear that Father's phobia isn't the only obstacle standing in their way."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}