{"tmdb_id": 437739, "title": "Le Manoir", "original_title": "Le Manoir", "slug_title": "le-manoir", "date": "2017-06-21", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Une bande d\u2019\u00e9tudiants vient f\u00eater la nouvelle ann\u00e9e dans un vieux manoir isol\u00e9 de tout, m\u00eame d\u2019internet. Mais peu apr\u00e8s leur arriv\u00e9e, des \u00e9v\u00e9nements \u00e9tranges perturbent l'ambiance, avant que la f\u00eate ne tourne carr\u00e9ment au cauchemar\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AuH2pXBYZlcQpQhAwgHYuF8rdFj.jpg", "actors": ["Kemar (Fabrice)", "Natoo (Nadine)", "Yvick Letexier (Djamal)", "Ludovik (Bruno)", "Vanessa Guide (Sam)", "J\u00e9r\u00f4me Niel (St\u00e9phane)", "Vincent Tirel (Drazic)", "Delphine Baril (Jess)", "Lila Lacombe (Charlotte)", "Baptiste Lorber (Enzo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "a_southern_horror_fan", "content": "Datis presents horror fans with a traditional, almost 'Mystery Inc.' concept filled with standard stereotypes, creepy setting and nice body count. Told with slapstick and satirical humor, the film is a fun treat. It is English subtitled  (just in case you prefer your international films voice-over). The characters are well developed and charismatic creatures one expects to see in this type of horror movie, but they work and they are entertaining.\r\n\r\nThe special effects could have been a bit harder and more graphic-\"Saturday Morning Mystery\" done this sort of thing a bit better. I'm American I want a more visceral and gory experience in my kill shots. Still even for the more subtle choices taken to create the horror elements, \"The Mansion\" is still fun to watch. \r\n\r\nOverall the movie is a nice watch. It is effective in giving a creepy, horror throwback experience. The funny is funny and the horror is classic. It is a bit grosser than it is scary,  a total New French Extremist fan film. Not good for the gore hound crowd,  but still a worthwhile selection for most horror fans."}], "recommandations_id": [432622, 392142, 442266, 432613], "youtube_key": "ME_vxenlMzM"}