{"tmdb_id": 437732, "title": "V\u016fn\u011b vanilky", "original_title": "V\u016fn\u011b vanilky", "slug_title": "vune-vanilky", "date": "2001-10-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A dramatic love story, taking place in the final days of the Second World War when the American Army liberated the Pilsen region of West Bohemia. Anne lives with her mother, husband and stepchildren at a solitary country farm. But her life is not what she would wish it to be. She had previously lived with her aunt in London, and the only reason why she returned to Czechoslovakia was to look after the orphaned children of her sister. She married their father, but the rural environment is alien to her, and neither does she get on very well with her husband. A group of American soldiers arrives at the farm, having strayed away from their designated route of advance. To their great surprise, they are welcomed by a young woman who speaks fluent English, and invite her to go with them to Pilsen as an interpreter. Anne long hesitates, well aware that she attracts the affection of one of the soldiers, and herself becomes fond of him, too. She feels that the trip to Pilsen could mean an ....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3sZ9SxsfI6Jib0KdT1OiGeDwvcT.jpg", "actors": ["Ji\u0159\u00ed Schmitzer ()", "Jana Hlav\u00e1\u010dov\u00e1 ()", "Barbora Munzarov\u00e1 ()", "Ji\u0159\u00ed Dvo\u0159\u00e1k ()", "Ladislav \u017dupani\u010d ()", "Pavel K\u0159\u00ed\u017e ()", "Michaela Maurerov\u00e1 ()", "Ale\u0161 H\u00e1ma ()", "Roman \u0160tolpa ()", "Michal \u010celi\u0161 ()", "Jaroslava Obermaierov\u00e1 ()", "Anton\u00edn Proch\u00e1zka ()", "Vlastimil Zav\u0159el ()", "Mat\u011bj H\u00e1dek ()", "Filip Tomsa ()", "Oliver Jahn ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}