{"tmdb_id": 437831, "title": "Back Home", "original_title": "Back Home", "slug_title": "back-home", "date": "2001-10-22", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The war in Europe is over, but the one at home has only just begun. The Second World War is ending and throughout Britain, evacuees are returning home to their families - but not the families they remember. Like so many other women, Peggy\u2019s life has been transformed by the war. Living and working with good friends, she is happier than she has been for years. Yet Peggy\u2019s life is not the only one changed by the war. Her daughter, Rusty, has just returned from the U.S., where she has been living as an evacuee for the last five years. After so long abroad, her home in England has become unrecognizable. Just as Peggy begins to restore normal family bonds, her husband returns from the war, damaged and desperate to make everything as it was before. Adapted from the novel by Michelle Magorian, author of Goodnight, Mister Tom, Back Home is the story of a family who struggle to make sense of their new lives in a world irrevocably altered by the far-reaching effects of war.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Sarah Lancashire (Peggy Dickinson)", "Jessica Fox (Virginia 'Rusty' Dickinson)", "Stephanie Cole (The Honourable Lady Beatrice 'Beattie' Langley)", "Jack Pierce (Mitch)", "Rosemary Leach (Mrs. Dickinson)", "Adrian Lukis (Roger Dickinson)", "Joan Blackham (Miss Bembridge)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}