{"tmdb_id": 43805, "title": "Le Grand Passage", "original_title": "Northwest Passage", "slug_title": "le-grand-passage", "date": "1940-02-23", "genre": "Aventure / Histoire / Western / Drame", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "New Hampshire, 1759. Par id\u00e9alisme, deux jeunes gar\u00e7ons, Langdon Towne (Robert Young) et Hunk Marriner (Walter Brennan), s'engagent dans une exp\u00e9dition command\u00e9e par le Major Rogers (Spencer Tracy), dont le but est d'an\u00e9antir une tribu indienne r\u00e9sidant \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re canadienne. Les deux individus ont cependant tr\u00e8s mal mesur\u00e9 les cons\u00e9quences de leur acte...(source,cine movies)", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h0HmqY3TACtgV7iNPvWtpJ1zmyF.jpg", "actors": ["Spencer Tracy (Major Robert Rogers)", "Robert Young (Langdon Towne)", "Walter Brennan ('Hunk' Marriner)", "Ruth Hussey (Elizabeth Browne)", "Nat Pendleton ('Cap' Huff)", "Louis Hector (Reverend Browne)", "Robert Barrat (Humphrey Towne)", "Lumsden Hare (Lord Amherst)", "Donald MacBride (Sergeant McNott)", "Isabel Jewell (Jennie Coit)", "Douglas Walton (Lieutenant Avery)", "Regis Toomey (Webster)", "Lloyd Bridges (Uniformed Soldier / Officer)", "Addison Richards (Lieutenant Crofton)", "Hugh Sothern (Jesse Beacham)", "Montagu Love (Wiseman Clagett)", "Lester Matthews (Sam Livermore)", "Truman Bradley (Captain Ogden)", "C.E. Anderson (Ranger)", "Arthur Aylesworth (Innkeeper Flint)", "Rand Brooks (Eben Towne)", "Don Castle (Richard Towne)", "Richard Cramer (Sheriff Packer)", "Warren Douglas ()", "George Eldredge (McMullen)", "Verna Felton (Mrs. Towne)", "Edward Gargan (Capt. Butterfield)", "Gibson Gowland (MacPherson)", "Denis Greene (Capt. Williams)", "Tony Guerrero (Capt. Jacobs)", "Frank Hagney (Capt. Grant)", "Gwendolyn Logan (Mrs. Browne)", "Tom London (Ranger)", "George Lynn (Joe Turner)", "Helen MacKellar (Sarah Hadden)", "Addie McPhail (Jane Browne)", "John Merton (Lt. Dunbar)", "Ferdinand Munier (Stoodley - Tavern Keeper)", "Ted Oliver (Farrington)", "Eddie Parker (Ranger)", "Andrew Pena (Konkapot)", "Lawrence Porter (Billy - Indian Boy)", "Kent Rogers (Odiorne Towne)", "George Sky Eagle (Indian Man)", "Robert St. Angelo (Solomon)", "Ray Teal (Bradley McNeil)", "Harry Wilson (Ranger)", "Hank Worden (Ranger Tying Oars)", "Frederick Worlock (Sir William Johnson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rogers And His Jolly Green Rangers.\r\n\r\nNorthwest Passage is directed by King Vidor and adapted to screenplay by Laurence Stallings and Talbot Jennings from the Kenneth Roberts novel of the same name. It stars Spencer Tracy, Robert Young and Walter Brennan. Music is by Herbert Stothart and cinematography by William V. Skall and Sidney Wagner.\r\n\r\n\"This is a story of our early America\u2026.of the century of conflict with French and Indians\u2026.when necessity made simple men, unknown to history, into giants in daring and endurance. It begins in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in 1759\u2026.\" \r\n\r\nHurrah! What with the film having a reputation as one of the greatest adventure films of all time, that opening salvo for Vidor's movie doubly whets the appetite.What follows is more a case of a visually great picture, dotted with action, that is more about actual heroes than heroic deeds. Certainly the first hour of the picture leans more towards the slow burn than anything raising the pulse. However, characters are well drawn by Vidor and his team, with quality performances to match from the leads, and when the action dose come, such as the excellent battle at the Abenaki village, they more than pay back the patience of the viewer. We need to be forgiving for the overtly racist fervour that permeates the plot, so instead just rejoice in men triumphing over many obstacles, both of the mind and the body. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [78331, 43604, 43046]}