{"tmdb_id": 43829, "title": "Le brigand bien-aim\u00e9", "original_title": "Jesse James", "slug_title": "le-brigand-bien-aime", "date": "1939-01-14", "genre": ["Western / Crime / Drame / Histoire"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la fin de la guerre de S\u00e9cession, les entrepreneurs du chemin de fer exproprient les propri\u00e9taires des terres situ\u00e9es sur le parcours du rail. N'h\u00e9sitant pas \u00e0 recourir \u00e0 la violence, ils s'en prennent bient\u00f4t aux James et abattent la m\u00e8re de cette paisible famille d'\u00e9leveurs. Jesse, le fils cadet, venge sa mort, avant de se r\u00e9fugier dans les collines avec Frank, son fr\u00e8re a\u00een\u00e9. Contraints \u00e0 la clandestinit\u00e9, les deux fuyards deviennent des bandits redout\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jNO5Q4QABjRr0yadjBZJ9L5yhig.jpg", "actors": ["Tyrone Power (Jesse Woodson James)", "Henry Fonda (Frank James)", "Nancy Kelly (Zerelda 'Zee' Cobb)", "Randolph Scott (Marshall Will Wright)", "Henry Hull (Major Rufus Cobb)", "Slim Summerville (Jailer)", "J. Edward Bromberg (Mr. Runyan)", "Brian Donlevy (Barshee)", "John Carradine (Bob Ford)", "Donald Meek (Mc Coy)", "Johnny Russell (Jesse James Jr.)", "Jane Darwell (Mrs. Samuels - Jesse's mother)", "Charles Tannen (Charles Ford)", "Claire Du Brey (Mrs. Bob Ford)", "Willard Robertson (Clarke)", "Harold Goodwin (Bill)", "Ernest Whitman (Pinkie)", "Eddy Waller (Deputy)", "Paul E. Burns (Hank)", "Spencer Charters (Minister)", "Arthur Aylesworth (Tom Colson)", "Charles Middleton (Doctor)", "Charles Halton (Heywood)", "George Chandler (Roy)", "Harry Tyler (Farmer)", "Virginia Brissac (Boy's Mother)", "Edward LeSaint (Judge Rankin)", "John Elliott (Judge Mathews)", "Erville Alderson (Old Marshall)", "George P. Breakston (Farmer Boy)", "Lon Chaney Jr. (One Of James Gang)", "Carol Adams (Minor Role)", "Donald Douglas (Infantry Captain)", "James Flavin (Cavalry Captain)", "Sam Garrett (Rider / Roper)", "Wylie Grant (Barshee's Henchman)", "Harry Holman (Engineer)", "Kenner G. Kemp (Union Soldier)", "Sidney Kibrick (Boy)", "Ethan Laidlaw (Barshee's Henchman)", "Tom London (Soldier)", "George O'Hara (Teller)", "Paul Sutton (Lynch - Barshee's Henchman)", "Leonard Kibrick (Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Special cast, special movie, just don't expect a history lesson.\r\n\r\nWe are at the time of the Iron Horse birth, the railroads are buying out the farm land at ridiculously low prices, even resorting to bully tactics to get the signature rights. When one particularly nasty railroad agent tries his strong arm tactics on the mother of the James brothers, he gets more than he bargained for. In an act of almost vengeful negligence, the agent causes the death of Mrs James and thus sets the wheels in motion for what was to become folklore notoriety, Jesse James, his brother Frank, and a gang of seemingly loyal thieves, went on to etch their names in outlaw history.\r\n\r\nThere is no getting away from the fact that history tells us that this is a highly fictionalised account of Jesse James and his exploits. What we are given here by director Henry King and his screenwriter Nunally Johnson, is a more romanticised look at the legend of the man himself; which sure as heck fire makes for one dandy and enjoyable watch. The cast is one to savour, Tyrone Power (Jesse James), Henry Fonda (Frank James), Randolph Scott (Will Wright), Brian Donlevy (Barshee) and John Carradine (Bob Ford) all line up to entertain the masses with fine results, with Fonda possibly owing his subsequent career to his appearance here. He would return a year later in the successful sequel The Return Of Frank James and subsequently go on to greater and more rewarding projects. Power of course would go on and pick up the trusty blade and start swishing away, a career beckoned for this matin\u00e9e idol for sure, but it's nice to revisit this particular picture to see that Power could indeed be an actor of note, capable of some emotional depth instead of making Jesse just another outlawish thug. If the makers have made the character too \"heroic\" then that's for debate, it's one of the many historical \"itches\" that have irked historians over the years. But Power plays it as such and it works very well. \r\n\r\nOne of the film's main strengths is the pairing of Power and Fonda, very believable as a kinship united in ideals, with both men expertly handled by the reliable Henry King. The Technicolor from Howard Greene and George Barnes is wonderfully put to good use here, splendidly capturing the essence of the time with eye catching results. While the film itself has a fine action quota, gun play and galloping horses all feature throughout, and the characterisations of the main players lend themselves to pulse raising sequences. To leave us with what? A highly accomplished Western picture that ends in the way that history has showed it should, whilst the rest of the film is flimsy history at best... Yes. But ultimately it really doesn't matter if one is after some Western entertainment, because for sure this picture scores high in that regard. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "DanDare", "content": "The film looks good in Technicolor but also becomes increasingly sluggish as it goes on.\r\n\r\nNunnally Johnson's screenplay ignores the truth and presents us with the legend. Jesse James (Tyrone Power) and Frank James (Henry Fonda) are just simple country folks. The railroad crooked agents have come round to buy up land on the cheap by using force.\r\n\r\nJesse and Frank become outlaws by robbing trains and banks only because the greedy railroad bosses were responsible for the death of their mother.\r\n\r\nJesse tries to settle down to a life of domestic bliss but his old friends keep calling to try to get him back to do a quick and easy job, only to be shot in the back by a cowardly Bob Ford."}], "recommandations_id": [24751, 42522, 53229, 39557], "youtube_key": "oh5VyrviJQs"}