{"tmdb_id": 43832, "title": "Seuls les anges ont des ailes", "original_title": "Only Angels Have Wings", "slug_title": "seuls-les-anges-ont-des-ailes", "date": "1939-05-15", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Au cours d'une escale \u00e0 Barranca, un petit port bananier d'Am\u00e9rique du Sud, Bonnie Lee, une danseuse de music-hall, rencontre Joe Souther et Les Peters, deux pilotes d'une compagnie assurant le transport du courrier. Joe doit accomplir une mission. Mais durant son vol, le temps s'aggrave et ce dernier refuse de revenir \u00e0 la base.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7v5ZsdIpK2m9p5nNSg4lcOGkjnI.jpg", "actors": ["Cary Grant (Geoff Carter)", "Jean Arthur (Bonnie Lee)", "Richard Barthelmess (Bat Mac Pherson)", "Rita Hayworth (Judy MacPherson)", "Thomas Mitchell (Kid Dabb)", "Allyn Joslyn (Les Peters)", "Sig Ruman (Dutchy)", "Victor Kilian (Sparks)", "John Carroll (Gent Shelton)", "Don Barry (Tex)", "Noah Beery Jr. (Joe Souther)", "Pat Flaherty (Mike)", "Stanley Brown (Harkwright Jr.)", "Cecilia Callejo (Felice Torras - Geoff's Lady Friend)", "Candy Candido (Bass Player)", "Vernon Dent (Ship's Captain)", "Forbes Murray (Mr. Harkwright - Mine Operator)", "Robert Sterling (Bit Role)", "Rafael Storm (Rafael - Purser with the Scar)", "Enrique Acosta (Tourist)", "Dick Botiller (Tourist)", "Curley Dresden (Mechanic)", "James Millican (Mechanic)", "Pedro Regas (Pancho)", "Manuel \u00c1lvarez Maciste (The Singer)", "Milisa Sierra (Lily)", "Lucio Villegas (Doctor)", "Pat West (Baldy)", "Wilson Benge (Assistant Purser)", "Lew Davis (Shorty - Mechanic)", "Eddie Foster (Mechanic)", "Ed Randolph (Mechanic)", "Al Rhein (Mechanic)", "Ky Robinson (Mechanic)", "Harry A. Bailey (Tourist)", "Ra\u00fal Lechuga (Tourist)", "Tessie Murray (Tourist)", "Aurora Navarro (Tourist)", "Elena Dur\u00e1n (Elena Silva - Geoff's Lady Friend)", "Budd Fine (First Mate on the Ship's Bridge)", "Tex Higginson (Foreman #2)", "Charles R. Moore (Charlie - Waiter)", "Inez Palange (Lily's Aunt)", "Sammee Tong (Sam the Cook)", "Francisco Mar\u00e1n (Plantation Overseer on Trolley)", "Jack Low (Banana Foreman)", "Victor Travis (Plantation Overseer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Howard Hawks on familiar territory with this aeroplane adventure/drama.\r\n\r\nGeoff Carter is the head of a small run down air freight company in Barranca, one of his best pilots (and friend) is killed, but this is merely only one of the problems he has to deal with as ex flames, potential new sweethearts, and dissension in the camp, all fuse together to test him to the limit.\r\n\r\nHoward Hawks was the perfect man for this film because of his aviation background, the result is a very well crafted character study set in a very small locale. Looking at it from the outside you would think that the film was lining up to be a soft soap romantic fable, but here the emotion is channelled into a sort of character bravado that is flawed - yet something that makes for a viewing experience that draws you in deep with the finely etched characters. \r\n\r\nThe cast are on fine form. Cary Grant gets to flex his non comedic muscles with great results as Carter, the film relies on Grant to glue the story together which he does with great aplomb. Jean Arthur & Rita Hayworth are the girls in amongst this strongly male orientated story, and it's a testament to both of the ladies ability that they don't get bogged down by all the macho heroism pouring out in the plot. Smart camera work and exciting aerial sequences further up the quality that is dotted within the piece, and were it not for some terribly twee dialogue, Only Angels Have Wings would surely be ranked as a classic of the 1930s. As it is, it's a wonderfully involving film that shows Hawks at his most humane. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Skubic", "content": "Holy Smokes.\r\n\r\nAnd they do smoke a lot in this film.\r\n\r\nGeoff as the prototypical \"man's man\" who runs a struggling air freight company near a difficult to pass mountain. I don't want to give too much away, but between a handful of airplane crashes and a new beau and ex lover showing up there is a lot going on.\r\n\r\nI can't remember the last time I teared up from pure joy from a film. But this movie has about a perfect an ending I've ever seen."}], "recommandations_id": [14675, 13562, 16274, 1405], "youtube_key": "WfvKH9aFlEQ"}