{"tmdb_id": 438493, "title": "Becoming Bond", "original_title": "Becoming Bond", "slug_title": "becoming-bond", "date": "2017-03-11", "genre": "Documentaire / Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oRyVYIqegDB5rWjfloeu1Zgk332.jpg", "actors": ["George Lazenby (Himself)", "Josh Lawson (George)", "Kassandra Clementi (Belinda)", "Jane Seymour (Maggie)", "Jeff Garlin (Harry)", "Dana Carvey (Johnny Carson)", "Adamo Palladino (Peter Hunt)", "Jake Johnson (Peregrine Carruthers)", "Jonathan Slavin (Dyson)", "Landon Ashworth (Ken)", "Sofia Mattsson (Gundel)", "Beeny Royston (Charles Jenkins)", "Matthew Josten (Teenage George)", "Teressa Liane (June Green)", "John A. McKenna (Belinda's Father)", "Roslyn Gentle (Belinda's Mother)", "Nicholas Popov (Belinda's Ex-Boyfriend)", "Jason Maybaum (Young George)", "Nathan Lovejoy (Chook Warner)", "Brendan Parry Kaufmann (Young Man Not Buying)", "Ben Bowen (Customer Buying Car)", "Monty Franklin (Johnny Horton)", "Mercer Boffey (Richard Bloque)", "Ben Seton (Australian Friend)", "Karina Deyko (Amelia)", "Julianna Guill (The Receptionist)", "Karen Teliha (Vocal Coach)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sykobanana", "content": "How does a non-actor become the lead in the highest grossing movie of the year and then not continue to act afterwards?  Do we have a new genre of film \u2013 the Docody (can I call a documentary-comedy that, because it sounded better than commedary)?  Is all of this just stranger than fiction?  \r\n\r\nAll of these could be used to describe this film, but there is so much more to George Lazenby's life story... especially the way he tells it...  So, what is it then?\r\n\r\nFirstly, Becoming Bond is not the Thin Blue Line, Grizzly Man, Bowling for Columbine, Citizenfour or any of the Oscar winning documentaries that you've seen.  \r\n\r\nIn Becoming Bond, Lazenby talks about his life, at times brutal honesty and poignancy.  Distilled from about forty hours of interviews, it could be surmised as boy meets girl, boy becomes man, man becomes Bond \u2013 but that sells it short.  \r\n\r\nGeorge has lived an interesting life and describes it in equally engaging ways.  What this means for the narrative is that sometimes the truth is not always bland... so much so that 40 minutes in:\r\nDirector: \tHow much of this story that you\u2019ve told me is true?\r\nGeorge:\tWhich one?\r\nDirector: \tThe whole story...\r\nGeorge: \tHey, how can I remember it if it wasn\u2019t true?\r\n\r\nBecoming Bond is made similarly to Touching the Void with actors dramatising parts of the story.  But where that doco was drama, this is more comedic and fittingly, the acting here is playful \u2013 reminiscent of the TV series and archetypes of that era (think Batman or the Brady Bunch).  \r\n\r\nTechnically, the film is solid, the directing and editing are sound and the score hints at Bond themes whilst staying individual (much like George's Bond).  Josh Lawson has obvious fun (he picks up George's swagger and little mannerisms well) and little cameos also pepper the film (Jane Seymour, Dana Carvey).  \r\n\r\nOne criticism that can be raised is that the secondary characters are very one dimensional, but I feel this is in line with the narrative of the film \u2013 it's George's take on his own life.  \r\n\r\nBecoming Bond is one of the most enjoyable documentaries I've seen.  \r\nIt's not a perfect film; Shakespearianly dramatic; nor is it covering a life changing topic.   \r\n\r\nBut what makes this movie special is that its just how I'd picture it if I happened to have the good fortune to ask George the same questions over a beer or six.  \r\n\r\nAnd thats a credit to both the filmmakers and Lazenby."}], "recommandations_id": [107321, 20802, 104274, 83781]}