{"tmdb_id": 43856, "title": "The Rage of Paris", "original_title": "The Rage of Paris", "slug_title": "the-rage-of-paris", "date": "1938-06-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Nicole has no job and is several weeks behind with her rent. Her solution to her problem is to try and snare a rich husband. Enlisting the help of her friend Gloria and the maitre'd at a ritzy New York City hotel, the trio plot to have Gloria catch the eye of Bill Duncan, a handsome millionaire staying at the hotel. The plan works and the two quickly become engaged. Nicole's plan may be thwarted by Bill's friend, Jim Trevor, who's met Nicole before and sees through her plot.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hEs5p4kPQtvFJVctIfuwf5JeLzY.jpg", "actors": ["Danielle Darrieux (Nicole de Cortillion)", "Douglas Fairbanks Jr. (Jim Trevor)", "Mischa Auer (Mike the Head Waiter)", "Louis Hayward (Bill Duncan)", "Helen Broderick (Gloria Patterson)", "Charles Coleman (Rigley)", "Samuel S. Hinds (Mr. William Duncan Sr.)", "Nella Walker (Mrs. Duncan)", "Harry Davenport (Pop the Caretaker)", "Edward Gargan (Truck Driver (uncredited))", "Jennifer Gray (Telephone Operator (uncredited))", "Charles Lane (Department Head (uncredited))", "Edwin Maxwell (Hotel Manager (uncredited))", "Matt McHugh (Department Head (uncredited))", "Jason Robards Sr. (Department Head (uncredited))", "Beryl Wallace (Model)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [38730], "youtube_key": "notfound"}