{"tmdb_id": 43853, "title": "The Girl of the Golden West", "original_title": "The Girl of the Golden West", "slug_title": "the-girl-of-the-golden-west", "date": "1938-03-18", "genre": ["Romance / Western"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Mary Robbins is a moderately educated, beautiful, young woman who owns the saloon called \"The Poker\". She is the only woman in the town of Couldee - making her the fancy of all the men there, especially to Sheriff Jack Rance. On the way to Monterey to sing at a mass officiated by Father Sienna, her stagecoach is held up by the infamous masked bandit, Ramerez. He too takes a fancy to Mary, and decides to secretly follow her, taking on the identity of an officer named, Lieutenant Johnson. While in Monterey, he dances, sings and courts Mary, who has now fallen in love with him. He then has to make a quick getaway. In the mean-time, Sheriff Jack has set up a trap to catch Ramerez at \"The Poker\". When Ramerez does arrive he soon discovers that Mary is the owner, and quickly changes to the identity of Lieutenant Johnson. How long can this charade last?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8RaX3ES2OqWPl6hfMHYO9WhIXFN.jpg", "actors": ["Jeanette MacDonald (Mary Robbins)", "Nelson Eddy (Ramirez)", "Walter Pidgeon (Sheriff Jack Rance)", "Buddy Ebsen (Alabama)", "Leo Carrillo ('Mosquito')", "Leonard Penn (Pedro)", "Priscilla Lawson (Nina Martinez)", "Bob Murphy (Sonora Slim)", "Olin Howland (Trinidad Joe)", "Cliff Edwards (Minstrel Joe)", "Billy Bevan (Nick)", "Brandon Tynan (The Professor)", "H.B. Warner (Father Sienna)", "Monty Woolley (Governor)", "Charley Grapewin (Uncle Davy)", "Noah Beery (The General)", "Bill Cody Jr. (Gringo)", "Jeanne Ellis (The Girl - Mary)", "Ynez Seabury (Wowkle)", "Sergei Arabeloff (Jose)", "Philip Armenta (Long Face in Prologue)", "Zita Baca (Dancer)", "Hank Bell (Deputy Sheriff)", "Chief John Big Tree (Indian Chief in Prologue)", "Walter Bonn (The Real Lt. Richard Johnson)", "Gene Coogan (Manuel)", "Joe Dominguez (Felipe)", "Jim Farley (Man in Sheriff's Office)", "Francis Ford (Miner)", "June Harrison (Child)", "Dell Henderson (Stagecoach Passenger)", "Virginia Howell (Governor's Wife)", "Rodolfo Hoyos (Soloist in 'Mariachi' Number)", "Hal Le Sueur (Governor's Adjutant)", "Tom Mahoney (Handsome Charlie)", "Owen Marsh (Young Boy)", "Jim Mason (Townsman in Saloon)", "Frank McGlynn Sr. (Pete - Gambler)", "Robert McKenzie (Townsman in Sheriff's Office)", "Robert Milasch (Townsman)", "Alberto Morin (Juan)", "Forbes Murray (Governor's Aide)", "Frank O'Connor (Stagecoach Passenger)", "Edward Peil Sr. (Townsman in Sheriff's Office)", "Bob Pierce (Ramerez Gang Member)", "Joe Popkin (Ramerez Gang Member)", "Victor Potel (Lem - Stagecoach Driver)", "Pedro Regas (Renegade in Prologue)", "Ronald R. Rondell (Ramerez Gang Member)", "Carlos Ruffino (Soloist in 'Mariachi' Number)", "Harry Semels (Peon Servant)", "Russell Simpson (Fred - Outrider in Prologue)", "Nick Thompson (Billy Jack Rabbit)", "Richard Tucker (Colonel)", "E. Alyn Warren (Miner)", "Armand 'Curly' Wright (Renegade in Prologue)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}