{"tmdb_id": 43866, "title": "The Firefly", "original_title": "The Firefly", "slug_title": "the-firefly", "date": "1937-11-05", "genre": ["Histoire / Musique / Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Nina Maria Azara is the beautiful and alluring singing spy for Spain during the Napoleonic Wars. Her mission is to seduce French Officers, in order for them to reveal Napolean's intentions toward Spain. She is sent to Bayonne, France to gather military secrets. Prior to this, she meets, Don Diego while performing at a club. Unknown to her, Don Diego is actually Captain Andre, who is sent to Spain to spy on her. While in France, Nina discovers Diego's true identity, only after she has fallen in love with him. Nina Maria outwits her potential captors and returns to Spain, and goes into hiding. Napoleon's troops invade Spain, resulting in Nina's capture. In a strange twist of fate, Nina and Captain Andre are reunited, but, the 2 nations are now at war... Written by Kelly", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hapt4Ms3Qn8lkG9TGUVYBvRPmQt.jpg", "actors": ["Jeanette MacDonald (Nina Maria)", "Allan Jones (Don Diego)", "Warren William (Major de Rouchemont)", "Billy Gilbert (Innkeeper)", "Douglass Dumbrille (Marquis de Melito)", "Henry Daniell (General Savary)", "Leonard Penn (Etienne)", "Tom Rutherford (King Ferdinard (as Tom Rutherfurd))", "Belle Mitchell (Lola)", "George Zucco (Secret Service Chief)", "Corbet Morris (Duval (as Corbett Morris))", "Matthew Boulton (Wellington)", "Robert Spindola (Juan)", "Pilar Arcos (Gypsy (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "ox26rL7UVpk"}