{"tmdb_id": 438604, "title": "Varan", "original_title": "\u5927\u602a\u7363\u30d0\u30e9\u30f3", "slug_title": "varan", "date": "1958-10-14", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Horreur"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "When a rare species of butterfly is found in a mysterious valley in Japan, a pair of entomologists go to investigate and find more. However, when they get there they find an uncharted lake and as they are observing it they are caught in a landslide and killed. A reporter named Yuriko, the sister of one of the men decides to go to the area to find out what exactly happened. She is accompanied by another entomologist named Kenji and a reporter named Horiguchi. When they get to the village where the men were last seen alive they find out about a legend regarding a giant monster. They soon find out that it is not a legend and the monster named Varan is very much alive. Soon Varan leaves the valley where he has lived for millions of years and is heading for Tokyo.  *Not* a lost film.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pPiGSoDquWaQdfOAbgNdFQzwzr7.jpg", "actors": ["K\u00f4z\u00f4 Nomura (Kenji Uozaki)", "Ayumi Sonoda (Yuriko Shinj\u00f4)", "Koreya Senda (Dr. Sugimoto)", "Akihiko Hirata (Dr. Fujimora, bomb expert)", "Fuyuki Murakami (Dr. Majima, Sugimoto's aide)", "Yoshio Tsuchiya (Military Officer Katsumoto)", "Minosuke Yamada (Secretary of Defense)", "Hisaya It\u00f4 (Ichiro, Yuriko's brother)", "Yoshifumi Tajima (Captain of Uranami)", "Nadao Kirino (Yutaka Wada)", "Akira Sera (Village High Priest)", "Akio Kusama (Military Officer Kusama)", "Noriko Honma (Ken's Mom)", "Akira Yamada (Issaku)", "Fumindo Matsuo (Horiguchi)", "S\u00f4ji Ubukata ()", "Toku Ihara ()", "Yoshikazu Kawamata (Jiro)", "Yasuhiro Shigenobu (Sankichi)", "Takashi It\u00f4 (Ken, the boy)", "Mitsuo Tsuda ()", "Takuz\u00f4 Kumagai ((as Jir\u00f4 Kumagai))", "Sh\u00f4ichi Hirose (Fisherman)", "Keisuke Yamada ()", "Hideo Shibuya (Cameraman)", "Toshitsugu Suzuki (Fisherman (as K\u00f4ji Suzuki))", "Masaki Shinohara ()", "Michiko Kawa ()", "Yasumasa \u00d4nishi ((as Yasuo \u00d4nishi))", "Toshiko Nakano ()", "Hiroshi Akitsu ()", "Mitsuo Matsumoto ()", "Toshiko Nomura ()", "Rinsaku Ogata ()", "Jun'ichir\u00f4 Mukai ()", "Satoko Taira ()", "Eisuke Nakanishi ()", "Takashi Narita ()", "Keiichir\u00f4 Katsumoto ()", "Haruya Sakamoto ()", "Y\u00f4ichir\u00f4 Kitagawa ((as Ry\u00fbichi Hosokawa))", "K\u00f4 Hayami ()", "Tokio \u00d4kawa ()", "Tsurue Ichimanji ((as Tazue Ichimanji))", "Hiroko Terasawa ()", "Toriko Takahara ()", "Katsumi Tezuka (Baran)", "Haruo Nakajima (Baran)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "AUcopZslB4M"}