{"tmdb_id": 438747, "title": "Raiponce : Moi, j'ai un r\u00eave", "original_title": "Tangled: Before Ever After", "slug_title": "raiponce-moi-j-ai-un-reve", "date": "2017-03-10", "genre": ["Aventure / Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial / Fantastique / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "La princesse Raiponce se sent \u00e9touff\u00e9e par ses nouvelles responsabilit\u00e9s. La crainte d'\u00eatre de nouveau enferm\u00e9e dans un ch\u00e2teau la pousse donc \u00e0 partir \u00e0 l'aventure avec sa nouvelle dame de compagnie, Cassandra. Au cours de leur escapade, elle d\u00e9couvre des roches mystiques qui lui rendent sa longue chevelure blonde\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/48biV3KlOVd8ObJCPfRsDVChvYH.jpg", "actors": ["Mandy Moore (Rapunzel (voice))", "Zachary Levi (Eugene Fitzherbert (voice))", "Eden Espinosa (Cassandra (voice))", "Clancy Brown (King Frederic (voice))", "Julie Bowen (Queen Arianna (voice))", "Laura Benanti (Lady Caine (voice))", "Jeffrey Tambor (Big Nose (voice))", "M.C. Gainey (Captain of the Guard (voice))", "Sean Hayes (Pete the Guard (voice))", "Diedrich Bader (Stan the Guard (voice))", "Jess Harnell (Pocket (voice))", "Kevin Michael Richardson (Otter (voice))", "Alan Dale (The Vicar (voice))", "Dee Bradley Baker (Pascal / Maximus / Additional Voices (voice))", "Mary Elizabeth McGlynn (Additional Voices (voice))", "Kari Wahlgren (Additional Voices (voice))", "Gideon Emery (Additional Voices (voice))", "Steve Blum (Attila Buckethead (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**So she returns, but on the small screen in 2D format.**\r\n\r\nIt was unexpected for the 'Tnagled' fans. I'm one of them. Apart from the short film, they had forgotten about this potential animation franchise. It has been 7 years since the first film and now this television film suddenly made its way. It is an hour long film and a television series is to follow. That news is even more exciting, isn't it. I already saw a couple of episodes and it was equally brilliant. It is good for Disney channel after their top show 'Girl Meets World' concluded, this one is replaced it just like that.\r\n\r\nThis is not a 3D animation, but a product for television in this format is not bad. Because I've seen 3D format TV series and I feel the quality is yet to improve. In fact, the 2D animation was awesome. From the textures to the colours, film characters, backgrounds, it was impressive. Very happy that they have retained almost all the voice-over artists. The original tale means always about the long hair princess. They wanted to keep that way. So that's why this film before the series to commence which reveals an important detail.\r\n\r\nI would say it is a breakthrough for the directors. From this success, I'm anticipating them to involve in a feature 3D animated film for Disney. Despite this triumph, I am hoping for a sequel to the 2010 film, particularly after the first season and before the second to commence to follow from that film. Anyway, this is short and sweet, a film not to be missed by animation fans, especially by Disney fans.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [20965, 78208, 19369, 84312], "youtube_key": "jHjWcahauZc"}