{"tmdb_id": 43884, "title": "La Charge de la brigade l\u00e9g\u00e8re", "original_title": "The Charge of the Light Brigade", "slug_title": "la-charge-de-la-brigade-legere", "date": "1936-10-20", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Suite \u00e0 l'imminence d'un conflit impliquant l'Angleterre et la Russie, un officier des Indes est charg\u00e9 de fournir des chevaux en Arabie. Faisant escale \u00e0 Calcutta pour voir sa fianc\u00e9e, la garnison est attaqu\u00e9e par le sultan Surat Khan, nouvel alli\u00e9 des Russes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x5x4U0tjIx67KHGHLrRMlYDkyTK.jpg", "actors": ["Errol Flynn (Major Geoffrey Vickers)", "Olivia de Havilland (Elsa Campbell)", "Patric Knowles (Capt. Perry Vickers)", "Henry Stephenson (Sir Charles Macefield)", "Nigel Bruce (Sir Benjamin Warrenton)", "Donald Crisp (Colonel Campbell)", "David Niven (Capt. James Randall)", "C. Henry Gordon (Surat Khan)", "G.P. Huntley (Major Jowett)", "Robert Barrat (Count Igor Volonoff)", "Spring Byington (Lady Octavia Warrenton)", "E.E. Clive (Sir Humphrey Harcourt)", "J. Carrol Naish (Subadar-Major Puran Singh)", "Walter Holbrook (Cornet Charles Barclay)", "Princess Baba (Prema's Mother)", "Charles Sedgwick (Cornet Lawrence Pearson)", "Scotty Beckett (Prema Singh)", "George Regas (Wazir)", "Helen Sanborn (Mrs. Jowett)", "Frank Baker (Officer (uncredited))", "Lumsden Hare (Colonel Woodward (uncredited))", "Holmes Herbert (General O'Neill (uncredited))", "Brandon Hurst (Lord Raglan (uncredited))", "Olaf Hytten (Officer (uncredited))", "Colin Kenny (Major Anderson (uncredited))", "Crauford Kent (Captain Brown (uncredited))", "Carlyle Moore Jr. (Junior Officer (uncredited))", "Paul Panzer (Russian Officer (uncredited))", "Georges Renavent (General Canrobert (uncredited))", "Reginald Sheffield (Bentham (uncredited))", "Michael Visaroff (Russian General (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Into the valley of death rode the 600.\r\n\r\nThe Charge Of The Light Brigade is a good military film boasting quality action sequences, it's not a true account of the actual event, and it should be noted there is a disclaimer of sorts at the film's beginning.\r\n\r\nThis telling begins in India in 1850 and leads us up to what would become the Crimean War. Indian chief Surat Khan (C. Henry Gordon) is plotting to sever his ties with the British and pitch his lot in with the Russians in readiness for a total revolt against the Empire. Khan oversees a sneaky bloody massacre of British troops that also see the slaughter of innocent women and children. Pumped up with revenge, Major Vickers (a dashing Errol Flynn) decides to take matters into his own hands and leads a brave charge on the Russians at Balaclava Heights where Khan has fled into hiding.\r\n\r\nThat's all you need to know as regards the plot, there is a love tryst sub-plot between Vickers, his brother Perry (Patric Knowles) and Elsa Campbell (a radiant Olivia de Havilland), but this is merely a side issue to add impetus to the bravery of the men in the charge. It's a rousing picture that provides a quite breath taking final reel as the charge is brought vividly to life by director Michael Curtiz.\r\n\r\nSadly 200 hundred horses and a stuntman were killed during the shooting of the famous charge, the then legal use of trip wires to impact falling horses taking its toll with very sad results. The practice was brought into the public eye the following year as congress raised the issue about the treatment of animals in motion pictures, thankfully the practice has long since been outlawed. A bit of a sad taint to the film for sure, but it was a golden age for cinema and nobody was doing anything deemed illegal at the time, and lets not hide the fact that the result is truly dynamite. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [47332, 151590, 37025, 20213], "youtube_key": "F2sNWQfdfq0"}