{"tmdb_id": 438, "title": "Cube z\u00e9ro", "original_title": "Cube Zero", "slug_title": "cube-zero", "date": "2004-10-15", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9ric Wynn est un homme respectable qui travaille pour une compagnie dont il croit tout conna\u00eetre. Son travail : surveiller des gens prisonniers d'une sorte de Cube, prison m\u00e9tallique \u00e9trange. Mais quand une innocente se fait capturer et est enferm\u00e9e dans le Cube, \u00c9ric commence \u00e0 comprendre qu'il y a quelque chose qui se passe derri\u00e8re ce que raconte la compagnie pour laquelle il travaille. D\u00e9cidant de ne pas se laisser faire, \u00c9ric d\u00e9cide d'entrer lui-m\u00eame dans le Cube, pour sauver le maximum de gens. Mais l'horreur ne commence pas \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur du Cube, mais \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur. Ceux qui \u00e9pient sont \u00e9pi\u00e9s, et la fin n'est que le commencement...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y80RYZl7IPTrLu8dTGKrMH3VhkL.jpg", "actors": ["Zachary Bennett (Eric Wynn)", "Stephanie Moore (Cassandra Rains)", "Michael Riley (Jax)", "Martin Roach (Haskell)", "David Huband (Dodd)", "Mike 'Nug' Nahrgang (Meyerhold)", "Richard McMillan (Bartok)", "Joshua Peace (Finn)", "Terri Hawkes (Jellico)", "Tony Munch (Owen)", "Diego Klattenhoff (Quigley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Norsk", "content": "Cube Zero completes the trilogy of Cube movies which are based upon people waking up inside of giant multiroom cubes filled with death traps and having no knowledge of how they got there or how to get out. In this film, the viewer finally sees what goes on behind the scenes (save for a snippet at the end of Hypercube), though since this is the first film chronologically, it does not necessarily follow that this is how things worked in the other two films. However, you will finally learn a little about the likely backstory of Kazan from Cube 1.\r\n\r\nIf you are looking for a film with a feel good ending then you've chosen the wrong trilogy. The ending of this one is a mixed bag. Who the bad guys and good guys are is a matter of opinion and you may change your view from the other two films. I personally feel this film was the weakest in the trilogy since there is a lot of focus on what goes on outside the cube and less focus on character development inside the cube.  It is still well worth watching. If you have not watched the other two Cube films, I do recommend watching them first and saving this one for last so the background revealed here doesn't spoil their viewing."}], "recommandations_id": [437, 431, 12590, 10133]}