{"tmdb_id": 439079, "title": "La Nonne", "original_title": "The Nun", "slug_title": "la-nonne", "date": "2018-09-05", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Quand on apprend le suicide d'une jeune nonne dans une abbaye roumaine, la stup\u00e9faction est totale dans l'\u00c9glise catholique. Le Vatican missionne aussit\u00f4t un pr\u00eatre au pass\u00e9 trouble et une novice pour mener l'enqu\u00eate. Risquant leur vie, les deux eccl\u00e9siastiques doivent affronter une force mal\u00e9fique \u2013 la nonne d\u00e9moniaque de \u00ab\u00a0Conjuring 2\u00a0\u00bb \u2013 qui bouscule leur foi et menace de d\u00e9truire leur \u00e2me.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e0XDl1xHWvtwmIQXVadQpiB7YN0.jpg", "actors": ["Bonnie Aarons (The Nun / Valak)", "Taissa Farmiga (Sister Irene)", "Demi\u00e1n Bichir (Father Burke)", "Jonas Bloquet (Maurice Theriault)", "Charlotte Hope (Sister Victoria)", "Ingrid Bisu (Sister Oana)", "Jonny Coyne (Gregoro)", "Sandra Teles (Sister Ruth)", "August Maturo (Daniel)", "Michael Smiley (Father Pasquale)", "Dee Bradley Baker (Demonic Voice)", "Debra Wilson (Demonic Voice)", "Mark Steger (Duke)", "Gabrielle Downey (The Abbess)", "David Horovitch (Cardinal Conroy)", "Lili Bord\u00e1n (Waitress Marta)", "Daniel Mandehr (Farmer Jozef)", "Christof Veillon (Older Maurice Theriault (archive footage))", "Jared Morgan (Marquis)", "Boiangiu Alma (Demon Nun)", "Lidiya Korotko (Barmaid)", "Tudor Munteanu (Grigore)", "Manuela Ciucur (Sister Christine)", "Jack Falk (Daniel)", "Lynnette Gaza (Mother Superior)", "Ani Sava (Sister Jessica)", "Scarlett Hicks (Scarlett)", "Izzie Coffey (Student)", "Laur Dragan (Villager)", "Eugeniu Cozma (Villager)", "Beatrice P\u00e9ter (Praying Nun)", "Ana Udroiu (Praying Nun)", "Andreea Sovan (Praying Nun)", "Dana Voicu (Praying Nun)", "Andreea Moldovianu (Praying Nun)", "Beatrice Rubica (Praying Nun)", "Claudia Susanu (Praying Nun)", "Patrick Wilson (Ed Warren)", "Vera Farmiga (Lorraine Warren)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "antimony", "content": "Appallingly cliched. Slow and boring. Not even the Conjuring hype could save this film. It moves forward at a painful pace, brings nothing new to the table, and is not even scary."}, {"pseudo": "Mark Rushow", "content": "Overall I liked The Nun it was a spooky fun movie with some pretty good shots and scenes (lighting, camera angles, and such). The transitions from one scene to another was a bit off and the story overall had a more fantasy tone over the more grounded and realistic tone The Conjuring and Annabelle movies had. Much of the story felt like it was just forced to setup a shot or scene which does hurt it. It isn't a perfect movie but I'd watch it again. It is like Indiana Jones meets Silent Hill. None of the character actors felt out of place or superficial either, I really appreciate that. Everyone felt believable and natural to their roles and environment, not forced."}, {"pseudo": "FluidMovieReviews", "content": "Horror is baaaaack! \r\nAnd with a vengeance.\r\n\r\nThe Nun is not for people that don\u2019t like horror movies or burnt out on them. Don't expect character development either. Don't expect to be shock like you were when you watched The Exorcist. I\u2019ve read several critic reviews were they just don\u2019t get it. They use words to describe it like \u201cusing every trick in the horror trope\u201d or \u201cpredictable\u201d, \u201cthrowing the kitchen sink at\u201d, or \u201cnot enough character development\u201d. Well forget what you heard because there is more bite to this movie than you\u2019d expect. \r\n\r\nOkay, so we begin with a spooky opening sequence where two nuns are fighting to save humanity from a malevolent presence that is about to enter our world. One is dragged into a room and the other commits suicide by hanging. Suicide is a sin, right? Makes you wonder what type of evil is powerful enough to destroy Catholic nuns?\r\n\r\nBeing the beginning of The Conjuring movie universe, this story begins like this, Father Burke (Demi\u00e9n Bichir) is summoned by the Vatican to investigate the suicide of a nun at The Abbey, a castle located somewhere in Romania. Apparently Father Burke has a trauma and a shameful past after having failed to save a teen from an exorcism he performed. Makes you wonder why The Vatican would send a priest like Father Burke on such a dangerous mission. The Vatican doesn\u2019t send Father Burke alone on this task though. They assign Sister Irene (Taissa Farmiga), who hasn\u2019t yet taken her vows. A nun that hasn't taken her vows yet, and not your typical nun either. She's contrary to the average nun. She seems so innocent.\r\n\r\nFather Burke and Sister Irene are taken to The Abbey by a local delivery man, Frechie (Jonas Bloquet). (You may remember Frenchie as the first exorcism performed by The Warrens from the original The Conjuring. Lorraine Warren has the painting of The Nun at their home and references it in the film.) Sister Irene was chosen to go on this assignment because she experiences visions, these visions provide the information needed to uncover what actually occurred at The Abbey.\r\n\r\nThe Abbey has been the site of a malevolent force locked away for centuries. The Church took over The Abbey and placed a congregation of nuns to pray 12 hours a day to keep the evil force in control. However, after WW2 bombing weaken the structure of The Abbey, the evil locked inside of it found another way to escape, and using the guise of a nun, slowly grows in strength causing terror on those around it. \r\n\r\nYes, The Nun is a supernatural survival horror installment of The Conjuring universe. You don\u2019t have to be a die hard fan of the horror genre in order to be scared. Yes, there is a lot of the same tropes from the most popular supernatural horror movies and that is because this is how demonic infestation happens. \r\nDirector Corin Hardy and screenplay writer Gary Dauberman do wonderfully.\r\n\r\nWhat this film gives us is tricky camera and visual effects that showcase how the demon works. We find out that the demon\u2019s name is Valak\u2013an ancient demon from Hell that was summoned by the count performed sacrificial rituals. \r\nIf you are expecting character development then you\u2019re not going to find it here. This story doesn\u2019t need a lot of characters at all. You don\u2019t need a lot of information about these characters because Valak is the only character this story is about.. One minute he\u2019s behind the character\u2019s back, the next his shadow appears on the wall, he reanimates dead corpses and even manifesting animals and the usual superhuman strength as well as taking on human form. He ghosts the characters as well. It\u2019s always interesting to see how the director and screenwriter pull off these visual effects. \r\n\r\nFather Burke character plays like a detective searching the castle for any information he can use to exorcise the demonic spirit from the world while Sister Irene uses her visions to lead her to the truth about what occurred at The Abbey as well as discover anything that she can use to send the evil spirit back to Hell. If you like Ash from the Evil Dead horror series, then you\u2019ll like Frenchie because he is the outsider in all of this providing necessary dark humor. Frenchie isn\u2019t afraid to use a shotgun to blow off the heads of a couple of deadites disguised as nuns.\r\n\r\nWhat also makes this film enjoyable to watch with a group, is the pacing. There are enough slow moments for you to make jokes about the characters or the visual bombarding your senses.\r\n\r\nI give this film an enthusiastic 7/10 for its creepy mood and intense disturbing images. And those squeamish people, no worries. There isn't a lot of gore. \r\n\r\nDefinitely a great popcorn horror flick to watch in the dark with your friends. Definitely worth the movie ticket. You won't be disappointed as long as you keep what I've said in this review in mind.\r\nIf I were to rate its place among the other films in The Conjuring universe, I would rate as follows\r\n\r\n1) The Conjuring\r\n2) The Conjuring 2\r\n3) The Nun\r\n\r\n* 4) Annabelle Creation"}], "recommandations_id": [424139, 439015, 493922, 406563]}