{"tmdb_id": 44025, "title": "Mr. Denning Drives North", "original_title": "Mr. Denning Drives North", "slug_title": "mr-denning-drives-north", "date": "1951-12-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "When well-off aircraft designer Denning finds his daughter's current boyfriend is a nasty character he tries to buy him off, ending up hitting him and causing his death when he falls. Instead of calling the police he dumps the body in a lonely spot on the road to the North, making it look like a hit-and-run accident. Weeks later there is still no report of the body being found, and Denning starts to go to pieces. When he lets his wife into his secret the two start making enquiries, possibly making things worse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bHkQmqVPyXSE7BdzMMc9aY1wMjt.jpg", "actors": ["John Mills (Tom Denning)", "Phyllis Calvert (Kay Denning)", "Eileen Moore (Liz Denning)", "Sam Wanamaker (Chick Eddowes)", "Herbert Lom (Mados)", "Raymond Huntley (Wright)", "Bernard Lee (Inspector Dodds)", "Russell Waters (Harry Stoper)", "Wilfrid Hyde-White (Woods)", "Freda Jackson (Ma Smith)", "Trader Faulkner (Ted Smith)", "Sheila Shand Gibbs (Matilda)", "Michael Shepley (Chairman of Court)", "Ronald Adam (Coroner)", "John Stuart (Wilson)", "Hugh Morton (Inspector Snell)", "David Davies (Chauffeur)", "Ambrosine Phillpotts (Miss Blade)", "Herbert C. Walton (Yardley)", "John Stevens (First Patrolman)", "Lyn Evans (Mr. Fisher)", "John Warren (Mr. Ash)", "Raymond Francis (Clerk of the Court)", "Edward Evans (Second Patrolman)", "Madge Brindley (Gypsy)", "Sam Kydd ()", "Harry Terry (Gypsy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Denning Desperation.\r\n\r\nMr. Denning Drives North is directed by Anthony Kimmins and adapted to screenplay from his own novel by Alec Coppel. It stars John Mills, Phyliss Calvert, Eileen Moore, Sam Wannamaker and Herbert Lom. Music is by Benjamin Frankel and cinematography by John Wilcox.\r\n\r\nA splendid collage of murder mystery, noir and thriller - with a slice of Hitchcockian black humour thrown in for good measure, Kimmins' film deserves to be better known. Plot finds Mills as the Mr. Denning of the title, who after accidentally killing what he believes to be his daughter's unscrupulous boyfriend, dumps the body and then finds himself in a whirl of stricken conscience and panic.\r\n\r\nTo say more would be to spoil the fun for there are plenty of interesting roads on which the story travels, but it's safe to say the investigation of the missing body is gripping and has a delicious slice of ironic fate about it. Cast are excellent, particularly Mills, with the leads boosted by a roll call of British greats in supporting roles. Frankel provides a very lively musical score and Wilcox's photography has the requisite tonal accompaniments for the unfolding plot. Hats off also to Kimmins, who keeps a tight hold on things to let the drama flow naturally without histrionics.\r\n\r\nFrom a nifty expressionistic opening to a very cheeky and fulfilling finale, this very much is one for murder mystery, noir, thriller fans to seek out. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [44526, 91472], "youtube_key": "notfound"}