{"tmdb_id": 440381, "title": "Miracle on Everest", "original_title": "Miracle on Everest", "slug_title": "miracle-on-everest", "date": "2008-07-01", "genre": ["Aventure / Documentaire"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "2006 was one of the deadliest Everest seasons on record. Experienced mountaineer Lincoln Hall was invited to join an expedition as a high altitude cameraman. It was his second attempt to summit the mountain, having turned back just short 22 years earlier. Shortly after reaching the summit, Hall began to behave irrationally, suffering from lack of oxygen. Aided by his loyal Sherpas for over 9 hours, he eventually collapsed and they declared him dead. His family were informed and the news hit headlines. But something happened that night that science cannot explain. The next morning Lincoln Hall was found alive by approaching climbers and his dramatic rescue began. Never before has a man been declared dead so high on Everest and survived. This is the remarkable true story of Lincoln Hall\u2019s extraordinary journey back from beyond.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aRugtSedbon86MJ5fplaaDGcTg8.jpg", "actors": ["Wayne Alexander (Lincoln Hall)", "Lincoln Hall (Himself)", "Johno Carr (David Sharp)", "Daz Caulton (Harry Kikstra)", "Nick Flyvberg (Myles Osborne)", "Daz Gaulton (Dab Mazur)", "Jeremy Little (Andrew Brash)", "Pedro Maher (Pemba Sherpa)", "Dawa Sherpa (Himself)", "Jehan Sherpa (Dorie Sherpa)", "Sonam Sherpa (Lakcha Sherpa)", "Andy Taylor (Thomas Weber)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "k43F8RTiBWc"}