{"tmdb_id": 440911, "title": "The Order", "original_title": "The Order", "slug_title": "the-order", "date": "", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Crime"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "The Order is an action packed movie that follows a covert group of vigilantes. This group is often times the shadow to groups like the FBI and CIA. The men and women of The Order, are trained, living weapons. They operate in secret. They have dedicated their lives to eliminating violent threats and imminent disasters. Their one focus is to fight to keep humanity safe from complete societal breakdown and maintain world order. The Order has faced the worst of enemies, but are crippled by the discovery that this world assault they now face, is being lead by some of their very own. Throw everything you thought you knew out the the window, you won't know the good guys from the bad.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aIMBrCOIJth9FRZ4BQKanT8osSW.jpg", "actors": ["Marina Sirtis (Katrine)", "David Yost (James)", "Nichelle Nichols (Athena)", "Walter Jones (Cole)", "George Lazenby (Peters)", "Karan Ashley (Alyssa)", "Erin Cahill (Aki)", "Gigi Edgley (Emily)", "Hilary Shepard (Helena)", "Yoshi Sudarso (Kazu)", "Steve Cardenas (Dax)", "Paul Schrier (Varus)", "Austin St. John (Jack)", "Catherine Sutherland (Erika)", "David J. Fielding (Ralston)", "Brad Hawkins (Nick)", "Jason Faunt (Connor)", "Nakia Burrise (Shania)", "Azim Rizk (Techie)", "Alyson Kiperman (Ember)", "Kevin Kleinberg (Marc)", "Deborah Estelle Philips (Bailey)", "Aaron Tyler (Reporter)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "j31lp7cO1GY"}