{"tmdb_id": 44133, "title": "Turning Point", "original_title": "Laughing Gor\u4e4b\u8b8a\u7bc0", "slug_title": "turning-point", "date": "2009-08-13", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Familial / Thriller"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Laughing (MICHAEL TSE) is formally a police undercover. However due to a drug trafficking case, Inspector Pan (FELIX WONG) is hot on his trails. Before Laughing becomes a police undercover, he works under triad leader Yi (ANTHONY WONG). Yi treats Laughing as his own brother, however to protect his territory and illegal businesses, Yi instructed Laughing to join the police force and act as his undercover. Laughing is a high-flyer in the police academy. However he never got a chance to join the force because he is specially picked by Inspector Xian (YUEN BIAO) to be an undercover in the underworld syndicate. Hence Laughing becomes a \u201cdouble-undercover\u201d. Yi is happy that Laughing is allocated to the triad of his rival (FRANCIS NG). To make his situation worse, Laughing falls in love with the triad leader\u2019s sister, Karen. Justice, brotherhood and love, what will Laughing decide on? His decision will be a turning point in his life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bvdeE4iciv8IWNGRg9OK2VOLEzu.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Tse (Laughing)", "Anthony Wong (Yi)", "Francis Ng (Zatoi)", "Eric Tsang (Master Ford)", "Yuen Biao (CIP Xian Sir)", "Fala Chen (Karen)", "Oscar Leung (Siu Lung)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [28917, 32162, 74718, 73897], "youtube_key": "37Mti_RNnF0"}