{"tmdb_id": 441719, "title": "Offline", "original_title": "Offline", "slug_title": "offline", "date": "2016-03-25", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Tiago doesn't understand the internet. Rita doesn't understand people.  Tiago is a 5th and 6th grade History teacher who, against the will of his mother and his boss, lives without a smartphone or computer, completely offline. Rita is his antisocial neighbour, who loves videogames and procrastinating. Sailorspoon and Davintji are funny and wise youtubers... Whilst Sailorspoon dreams of a trip to Japan, Davintji suffers with the love life of his brother Marco. Diana searches for love with an app... She and Marco form a romantic pair that meets over the net. All of them trying to discover who they are, and how to survive in a world that is increasingly digital. Dick pics, hashtags, youtubers, memes. Illuminati confirmed!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d6Lksr9u2Q1TQzoeB5mYS5Bpz6g.jpg", "actors": ["Duarte Gomes (Tiago Maia)", "Iris Cayatte (Rita)", "Sara Barros Leit\u00e3o (Carla 'Sailorspoon')", "Jo\u00e3o Nunes Monteiro (Leonardo Davintji)", "Daniela Love (Diana)", "Ana Bustorff (Mafalda Maia)", "Miguel Lemos (Marco Vint\u00e9m)", "Em\u00edlia Silvestre (Directora Isabel)", "Estrela Fernandes ()", "Jo\u00e3o Sena (Filipe)", "Gon\u00e7alo Santos ()", "Amy Paiva ()", "Petra Carneiro ()", "Matilde Magalh\u00e3es ()", "Wilson Silva ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}