{"tmdb_id": 442000, "title": "Angamaly Diaries", "original_title": "\u0d05\u0d19\u0d4d\u0d15\u0d2e\u0d3e\u0d32\u0d3f \u0d21\u0d2f\u0d31\u0d40\u0d38\u0d4d", "slug_title": "angamaly-diaries", "date": "2017-03-03", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9rXuCJoRfE2dJnHFirqqmpOLj1F.jpg", "actors": ["Antony Varghese (Vincent 'Pepe')", "Sarath Kumar ('Appani' Ravi)", "Tito Wilson ('U-Clamp' Rajan)", "Bitto Davis ('10ml' Thomas)", "Sinoj Varghese (Kunjoottan)", "Anna Reshma Rajan (Lily David 'Lichi')", "Kichu Tellus (Varkey)", "Ullas Jose Chemban (Shahul Hameed)", "Vineeth Vishwam (Bheeman)", "Jolly Chirayath (Vincent Pepe's Mother)", "Athira Patel (Pepe's Sister)", "Sreeja Das (Appani Ravi's Wife)", "Benny Varghese (Advocate)", "Merin Jose Pottackal ('Maramkothi' Sijo)", "Binny Rinky Benjamin (Sakhi)", "Sruthi Jayan (Alice)", "Sreekanth Dasan (Paripp Marti)", "Amrutha Anna Reji (Seema)", "Chemban Vinod Jose (Himself)", "Lijo Jose Pellissery (Man buying pork)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cOver-rated Movie\u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nWatched this movie after coming forward lots of hype in social medias saying that it\u2019s a must watch movie i felt it has heavily over-rated had great expectations but all was in vain. I felt that the story was copied from lots of Malayalam movies such as Kammatti Paadam, for example the narration part the way the movie starts making up gangs picking up fights then the 2 way love from premam and many movies like that plus to mention the foodies scenes shown in the movie seen a lot like that in salt and pepper and ustad hotel and many more. This movie was trying to bring a new slang into the Malayalam industry for me it felt as the worst slang ever nothing is clear to understand. Each scene ends in cursing and total violence it\u2019s not good for family audience. But I was able to learn that we could make 4 cores by just selling pork if that was the scene the whole of Kerala would have sold pork and got rich makes no sense. Don\u2019t know how this movie was a hit in the Malayalam movie industry it was complete nonsense and filled with lots of garbage. It was a mixture of lots of Malayalam movies they just wanted to fill up the given movie time with garbage that\u2019s all. After seeing this movie I have a complete bad reputation on the place Angamaly in Kerala and the people there. I personally would not suggest this movie to anyone cause if I do your going to end up cursing me.\r\nNotable acting\r\nNobody extremely disappointed by everyone\u2019s acting \r\nGenre: Action, Comedy and Thriller\r\nMy Rating: 1/10"}, {"pseudo": "jithindurden", "content": "Although the plot isn't particularly new in any way, the approach in the script and direction makes it look fresh. Actor turned screenwriter Chemban Vinod Jose's first-time script has a clear understanding of how life in Angamaly should be portrayed and is perfect for the style of Pellissery. The approach akin to kitchen sink realism gave a grounded sense, nevertheless, the elements, giving the adrenaline rush worked well too. The extraordinary performance of all the debutant actors and the local flavour of Angamaly makes \"Angamaly Diaries\" a very entertaining ride. Full review at http://www.asianfilmvault.com/2017/12/angamaly-diaries-2017-by-lijo-jose.html"}], "recommandations_id": [381691, 224057, 430521, 237725]}