{"tmdb_id": 44201, "title": "Personal Services", "original_title": "Personal Services", "slug_title": "personal-services", "date": "1987-02-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "The story of the rise of a madame of a suburban brothel catering to older men, inspired by the real experiences of Cynthia Payne.  The story follows Christine Painter (Julie Walters) as the down-at-heel waitress who, with the help of prostitute Shirley (Shirley Stelfox) and cross-dressing Wing Commander Morten (Alec McCowen), seeks to up her earnings by turning her suburban home into a brothel. Before long she and her girls are chaining up judges, spanking Generals and attending to the needs of Honourable Members. Christine sees herself as providing a vital service to these harmless pervs and when finally the house is busted and the case comes to court, it's fair to say that the presiding judge isn't unfamiliar with her work.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u7oeI6sP9okdtkZ2QygOssGhNpJ.jpg", "actors": ["Julie Walters (Christine Painter)", "Shirley Stelfox (Shirley)", "Alec McCowen (Wing Commander Morten)", "Danny Schiller (Dolly)", "Tim Woodward (Timms)", "Suzette Llewellyn (Helen)", "Victoria Hardcastle (Rose)", "Dave Atkins (Sydney)", "Ewan Hooper (Edward)", "Alan Bowyer (David Painter)", "Peter Cellier (Mr. Marples)", "Benjamin Whitrow (Mr. Marsden)", "Stephen Lewis (Mr. Dunkley)", "John Shrapnel (Lionel)", "Nigel Le Vaillant (The Man)", "Ron Pember (Ron)", "Ivor Roberts (Glossop)", "Arthur Cox (Lennox)", "Stanley Lebor (Jones)", "John Bailey (Mr. Gardner)", "Carolyn Allen (Carol)", "Sheila Gill (Mrs. Winter)", "Jagdish Kumar (Mr. Shah)", "Badi Uzzaman (Mr. Patel)", "Arnold Brown (The Vicar)", "Toni Palmer (Aunt Winnie)", "Andrew MacLachlan (Mr. McClellan)", "Arthur Hewlett (Mr. Francis)", "Andreas Markos (Mr. Costas)", "Michael Packer (Ralph)", "Ian McNeice (Harry)", "Helen Gemmell (Jenny)", "Clare Clifford (Fay)", "Joanna Dickens (Gloria)", "Charlotte Alexandra (Diane)", "Antony Carrick (Edgar)", "Leon Lissek (Mr. Popozogolou)", "Arthur Whybrow (Mac)", "Anthony Collin (Mr. Webb)", "Peter Wight (Detective Gibson)", "Adam Morris (Man in Video)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [45946, 33525, 264239, 93313], "youtube_key": "cbrR3Aot2Pw"}