{"tmdb_id": 443584, "title": "Custer's Last Stand (II)", "original_title": "Custer's Last Stand (II)", "slug_title": "custer-s-last-stand-ii", "date": "1936-04-02", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The feature length version of the serial by the same name. A mystical medicine arrow, the key to a lost gold treasure, is lost in one of many Indian attacks. It is recovered by the only two survivors, a Major and his daughter, who become the targets of those who wish to possess it. General George Armstrong Custer and army scout Kid Cardigan attempt to stop the ensuing war over the arrow, but fail in their efforts, which becomes the historic Custer's Last Stand.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uaGmoErUZuyD4qgJJEIgIUWDxJL.jpg", "actors": ["Rex Lease (Kit Cardigan / John C. Cardigan)", "Nancy Caswell (Barbara Trent)", "Reed Howes (Tom 'Keen' Blade)", "Frank McGlynn Jr. (Gen. George A. Custer)", "George Chesebro (Lt. . Frank Roberts)", "Lona Andre (Belle Mead)", "Josef Swickard (Maj. Henry Trent MD)", "Bobby Nelson (Bobby Trent)", "Milburn Morante (Buckskin - Scout)", "Chief Thundercloud (Yellow Wolf)", "Robert Walker (Henchman Pete)", "William Farnum (James Fitzpatrick)", "Jack Mulhall (Lt. Cook)", "Ruth Mix (Mrs. Elizabeth Custer)", "Howling Wolf (Chief Sitting Bull)", "High Eagle (Chief Crazy Horse)", "Iron Eyes Cody (Chief Brown Fox)", "Walter James (Judge Hooker)", "Dorothy Gulliver (Red Fawn)", "Ted Adams (Buffalo Bill / Henchman Barney)", "George Morrell (Sgt. Flanagan)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}