{"tmdb_id": 444102, "title": "Dead Man Tells His Own Tale", "original_title": "El Muerto Cuenta su Historia", "slug_title": "dead-man-tells-his-own-tale", "date": "2016-09-22", "genre": ["Fantastique / Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Angel is one of those typical macho\u2019s who does not hold women in high regard. With his fancy talk, his tight suit and his fashionable job as a director of publicity spots, he has ample opportunity to grab as many young aspiring actresses by the pussy as he can. His wife and kid are left to deal with the consequences. This is now drastically coming to an end. One night, when there\u2019s once again not enough blood flowing through his brains and too much through his nether regions, he walks into a trap set up by a circle of Celtic Goddesses. They transform him into a zombie and make him a pawn in their plan to end male dominance one and for all. Luckily Angel\u2019s not alone. He\u2019s part of a brotherhood of undead macho\u2019s. They do not only exchange tips in how to mask their increasingly penetrating body odor, they also come up with a plan to sabotage the Goddesses.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aoZDBnz0AQygpOawf7XjcN7bKN.jpg", "actors": ["Diego Gentile ()", "Mariana Anghileri ()", "Emilia Att\u00edas ()", "Dami\u00e1n Dreizik ()", "Lautaro Delgado ()", "Pablo Guisa Koestinger ()", "Berta Mu\u00f1iz ()", "Tamara Garz\u00f3n ()", "Chucho Fernandez ()", "Carolina Molinari ()", "Fiorela Duranda ()", "Pipi Onetto ()", "Marina Cohen ()", "Mikko Aromaa ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "dFCBuDCPbVY"}