{"tmdb_id": 444510, "title": "The Jetsons & WWE: Robo-WrestleMania!", "original_title": "The Jetsons & WWE: Robo-WrestleMania!", "slug_title": "the-jetsons-wwe-robo-wrestlemania", "date": "2017-02-28", "genre": ["Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Blast off to adventure in this animated feature where our favorite space-age family, The Jetsons, meet the superstars of WWE! When George unearths WWE\u2019s Big Show, who has been frozen for 100 years, the futuristic face-off begins! Once thawed, Big Show wastes no time in taking the WWE belt from the current robot champ as well as taking total control of Orbit City. It\u2019s up to The Jetsons to travel back in time and enlist help from WWE\u2019s brightest stars: Sheamus, Alicia Fox, Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins and the Uso brothers. Can this cosmic tag-team prevail and set this twisted time-warp straight? Tune in and see with The Jetsons and WWE!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f670DPuhv4OeqdlY7H8oRpnuQnX.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Bergman (George Jetson / Mr. Spacely (voice))", "Grey DeLisle (Jane Jetson (voice))", "Trevor Devall (Elroy Jetson (voice))", "Tania Gunadi (Gladys (voice))", "Tress MacNeille (Rosie the Robot (voice))", "Danica McKellar (Judy Jetson (voice))", "Frank Welker (Astro (voice))", "Leati Anoa'i (Roman Reigns (voice))", "Paul Wight (Big Show (voice))", "Colby Lopez (Seth Rollins (voice))", "Victoria Crawford (Alicia Fox (voice))", "Jonathan Fatu Jr. (Jimmy Uso (voice))", "Joshua Fatu (Jey Uso (voice))", "Stephen Farrelly (Sheamus (voice))", "Vince McMahon (Himself (voice))", "Michael Cole (Himself (voice))", "Cody Rhodes (Stardust (voice))", "Nick Nemeth (Dolph Ziggler (voice))", "Eric Bauza (Rolf Rodriguez)", "J. B. Blanc (Usher Robot)", "Will Friedle (Mayor Mercury)", "Kevin Michael Richardson (Drill Bot)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [519337, 334537], "youtube_key": "fUJkvYf5GZI"}