{"tmdb_id": 444902, "title": "Dirty Dancing", "original_title": "Dirty Dancing", "slug_title": "dirty-dancing", "date": "2017-05-24", "genre": "Musique / Drame / Romance / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9t\u00e9 1963, Baby, fille d'une riche famille americaine, passe ses vacances avec ses parents et sa s\u0153ur dans la r\u00e9gion des montagnes Catskill dans l'\u00c9tat de New York, \u00e0 la pension de la famille Kellerman. Elle se trouve m\u00eal\u00e9e \u00e0 la vie des employ\u00e9s de la pension et se trouve confront\u00e9e \u00e0 un monde qui lui est compl\u00e8tement \u00e9tranger, celui de la danse. Malgr\u00e9 le d\u00e9saccord de son p\u00e8re, Baby va conna\u00eetre une histoire d'amour avec Johnny, le professeur de danse de l'\u00e9tablissement, issu d'un milieu social tr\u00e8s diff\u00e9rent de celui de la jeune femme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/itjxxb8I1TfK1H3TGvrs5aJDM9a.jpg", "actors": ["Abigail Breslin (Baby Houseman)", "Colt Prattes (Johnny Castle)", "Sarah Hyland (Lisa Houseman)", "Debra Messing (Marjorie Houseman)", "Bruce Greenwood (Dr. Jake Houseman)", "Katey Sagal (Vivian Pressman)", "Nicole Scherzinger (Penny Rivera)", "Billy Dee Williams (Tito)", "Shane Harper (Robbie Gould)", "Casper Smart (Billy Kotsecki)", "Trevor Einhorn (Neil Kellerman)", "Tony Roberts (Max Kellerman)", "Michael Lowry (Leon Feinberg)", "Jennifer Schemke (Esther Feinberg)", "J. Quinton Johnson (Marco)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "AusFem", "content": "**BAD, BAD, BAD!**  (SPOILER)\r\n\r\nYou just can't help but compare this to the original.  Johnny is no actor and Baby is no dancer.\r\n\r\nThe lipsync was so noticeble it was annoying.\r\n\r\nThe first scene back at staff quarters it looked like the dirty dancers were ready to jump into an orgy.\r\n\r\nI don't really care about people's weight, but this Baby was too chunky to be a dancer (you couldn't half tell, much!)\r\n\r\nPrattes is also stiff and  seems to lack confidence. He certainly doesn't have the smoothness and grace of Swayze and his acting was wooden.\r\n\r\nI really didn't care about the parents marital dramas.  This was supposed to be a love story between Johnny and Baby.\r\n\r\nWhy did they completely destroy the last dance scene that was so iconic in the original. \r\n\r\nAnd just to add icing to the cake, the final scene,  Johnny and Baby do not end up together.  I would have liked that to be left up to the imagination as in the original movie.\r\n\r\nDirty Dancing didn't need a remake.\r\n\r\nThis is one movie I won't be watching again."}], "recommandations_id": [88, 401359, 87901, 424632]}