{"tmdb_id": 445246, "title": "Dance Fitness Workouts: Urban Street & African Beat with MaDonna Grimes", "original_title": "Dance Fitness Workouts: Urban Street & African Beat with MaDonna Grimes", "slug_title": "dance-fitness-workouts-urban-street-african-beat-with-madonna-grimes", "date": "", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Dance Fitness for Beginners with MaDonna Grimes DVD contains two complete workout programs: \u201cUrban Street Heat\u201d and \u201cAfrican Beat-Latin Heat\u201d.  \u201cUrban Street Heat\u201d: Urban Street Heat is more like a dance party than an aerobics class as MaDonna Grimes makes working out fun in this fresh and funky program. The routine combines attitude, street style, and easy-to-follow dance steps. The Hip Hop freestyle routines are bursting with style and energy and you'll learn some fresh new moves to really spice up your workout.  \u201cAfrican Beat-Latin Heat\u201d: Elevate your heart rate in this high-energy workout that moves and grooves. African Beat - Latin Heat is like having a dance party in your living room. Challenge your muscles and your spirit when you turn up the heat with this full-body cardio workout. MaDonna keeps you burning calories as you dance, move your arms and swing your hips to a dynamic mix of Latin and African rhythms. This program combines Latin dance steps with hip, urban moves.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rG83mice9Zs15H6aoORLLcTTaZi.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}