{"tmdb_id": 44542, "title": "Ivy", "original_title": "Ivy", "slug_title": "ivy", "date": "1947-06-26", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ww7JZaWNlbfO2xYZ9C0xiFY9uUY.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Fontaine (Ivy Lexton)", "Patric Knowles (Roger Gretorex)", "Herbert Marshall (Miles Rushworth)", "Richard Ney (Jervis Lexton)", "Cedric Hardwicke (Insp. Orpington)", "Lucile Watson (Mrs. Gretorex)", "Sara Allgood (Martha Huntley)", "Henry Stephenson (Judge)", "Rosalind Ivan (Emily)", "Lillian Fontaine (Lady Flora)", "Molly Lamont (Bella Crail)", "Una O'Connor (Mrs. Thrawn)", "Isobel Elsom (Miss Chattle)", "Alan Napier (Sir Jonathan Wright)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Evil influences are gathering.\r\n\r\nIvy is directed by Sam Wood and adapted to screenplay by Charles Bennett from the novel The Story of Ivy written by Marie Belloc Lowndes. It stars Joan Fontaine, Patric Knowles, Herbert Marshall, Richard Ney, Cedric Hardwicke and Lucile Watson. Music is by Daniele Amfitheatrof and cinematography by Russell Metty.\r\n\r\nIvy Lexton (Fontaine) has a hunger to be wealthy, and setting her sights on well-to-do Miles Rushworth (Marshall), Ivy plots a fiendish plan that spells trouble for her husband Jervis (Ney) and her lover Roger (Knowles). \r\n\r\nWell worth discovering, Ivy showcases the dark side of Fontaine\u2019s acting prowess for great entertainment rewards. The beautiful Madame Fontaine actually disowned the movie, and this after she stepped in to the role of Ivy Lexton after her sister Olivia de Havilland turned it down. Her lack of affection for the picture goes some way to explaining why it has remained largely forgotten, which is a shame because it\u2019s a high end gaslight noir propelled by a femme fatale of some considerable substance. \r\n\r\nThe budget was high, and it shows, in the cast list, the costuming and the stunning turn of the century production design by William Cameron Menzies. Metty\u2019s low-key photography cloaks the Edwardian settings with atmospheric snugness, while Amfitheatrof underscores the drama with music that is appropriately tinged with chills. Thematically the piece is focusing on obsessions, by way of man\u2019s ignorant lust and woman\u2019s pursuit of wealth above all else. All characters are defined not by fate here, but by their actions, making for a hornet\u2019s nest of murder and adultery. \r\n\r\n1947 was a stellar year for film noir, with big hitting movies like Out of the Past, Nightmare Alley, Kiss of Death, Odd Man Out and Brighton Rock further cementing the growing popularity of noir as a style of film making. As is often the case with the great noir years from the classic cycle, there\u2019s still little gems hidden away waiting to be brought out into the open, Ivy is one such film. Fontaine and the sumptuous noir visual style ensure this to be the case. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26385, 37352, 47167, 65014]}