{"tmdb_id": 445495, "title": "Panoh", "original_title": "Panoh", "slug_title": "panoh", "date": "2007-07-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A wealthy man hires two bodyguards, one a former paratrooper (Qodirov) and the other just released from prison (Soipov), to protect his two daughters, Gulnoza (Ashurboeva) and Dilnoza (Eshonqulova). Whilst at first the girls are reluctant to accept their fate, they soon realise how lucky they are to have the two young men in their lives\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hd8dqOW7urnznHjjnvpaGMvlSJx.jpg", "actors": ["Ulug'bek Qodirov (Elyor)", "Farruh Soipov (Sanjar)", "Gulchehra Eshonqulova (Dilnoza)", "Muborak Ashurboeva (Gulnoza)", "Jahongir Poziljonov ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bollywoodqueen", "content": "I actually watched this movie, WITHOUT subtitles! I don\u2019t think English subtitles exist. I don\u2019t even think Russian subtitles exist, although they may have dubbed the film in Russian (as I\u2019ve noticed on YouTube with several other Uzbek films). Not that Russian subtitles would have helped me either... Despite not being able to understand the majority of the dialogue, it was a good film! Quite funny. It was interesting getting a glimpse into Uzbek culture. I recognised almost all of the formal and informal greetings they used (like, _Yaxshimisiz_?), and when they were apologising (_kechirasiz_), or saying thank you (_rahmat_). But it\u2019s amazing how much of the plot and dialogue you understand, just by the gestures, expressions and actions of the leading characters. Oh, and of course, perfectly placed ominous music so you know when you\u2019re viewing the bad guy \ud83d\ude09\r\n\r\nIt reminded me of loads of mid to late 90\u2019s Bollywood films I\u2019ve seen \u2013 overdramatic scenes and facial expressions, the re-recording of dialogue in the studio so sometimes what they\u2019re saying doesn\u2019t quite match up with their mouths. In one scene, they even had the piano playing the theme song from 2003 Hindi film _Kal Ho Naa Ho_! The only thing this Uzbek film _didn\u2019t_ have was the crazy and colourful song and dance numbers that Bollywood is famous for.\r\n\r\nSo overall, if you like foreign films, especially thriller-romantic-comedies that are a little bit over the top, I would recommend you watch this movie. It is available to watch online, not sure if a DVD exists, might have to travel to Uzbekistan for that! Ideally, English subtitles would be nice because there were some scenes where I desperately wanted to know what they were talking about."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}