{"tmdb_id": 44545, "title": "The Werewolf", "original_title": "The Werewolf", "slug_title": "the-werewolf", "date": "1956-07-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "The arrival in a small mountain town of a dissheveled stranger launches a series of murders committed by some sort of animal.  As the town doctor and his daughter attempt to help the stranger, the sheriff investigates the murders; and they uncover a sinister experiment involving two rogue scientists, a car accident victim, his wife and children, and a serum that causes a man to turn into a ravaging werewolf.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yWWzmxfK0dKjTpEbPWZXlPRhGPS.jpg", "actors": ["Steven Ritch (Duncan Marsh)", "Don Megowan (Sheriff Jack Haines)", "Joyce Holden (Amy Standish)", "S. John Launer (Dr. Emery Forrest)", "George Lynn (Dr. Morgan Chambers)", "Ken Christy (Dr. Jonas Gilcrist)", "Eleanore Tanin (Mrs. Helen Marsh)", "Kim Charney (Chris Marsh)", "Harry Lauter (Deputy Ben Clovey)", "Larry J. Blake (Hank Durgis)", "James W. Gavin (Mack Fanning)", "George Cisar (Hoxie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "David Navratil", "content": "Seen this at the movies in 1956!  This is my favorite werewolf by far.  I try to watch it a couple of times a year.  Takes place in the mountains in Big Bear, Calif.  Very fast pace, no guts & gore, Werewolf makeup man did a good job.  Couple of scary moments, the cave scene and the jail scene!  Watch it if you get a chance - You just may like it!! \r\nDavid N."}], "recommandations_id": [35911, 39311, 147941, 35919], "youtube_key": "ZI4pMEpCkAI"}