{"tmdb_id": 446021, "title": "Sale temps \u00e0 l'h\u00f4tel El Royale", "original_title": "Bad Times at the El Royale", "slug_title": "sale-temps-a-l-hotel-el-royale", "date": "2018-10-04", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Sept \u00e9trangers, chacun avec un secret \u00e0 planquer, se retrouvent au El Royale sur les rives du lac Tahoe ; un h\u00f4tel miteux au lourd pass\u00e9. Au cours d\u2019une nuit fatidique, ils auront tous une derni\u00e8re chance de se racheter\u2026 avant de prendre un aller simple pour l\u2019enfer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AnKIN5w9U5G71YUCG8ODhr5eS0n.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Bridges (Father Daniel Flynn / Dock O'Kelly)", "Cynthia Erivo (Darlene Sweet)", "Dakota Johnson (Emily Summerspring)", "Jon Hamm (Laramie Seymour Sullivan / Dwight Broadbeck)", "Chris Hemsworth (Billy Lee)", "Cailee Spaeny (Rose Summerspring)", "Lewis Pullman (Miles Miller)", "Nick Offerman (Felix O'Kelly)", "Xavier Dolan (Buddy Sunday)", "Shea Whigham (Dr. Woodbury Laurence)", "Mark O'Brien (Larsen Rogers)", "Charles Halford (Sammy Wilds)", "Jim O'Heir (Milton Wyrick)", "Gerry Nairn (Reporter Paul Kraemer)", "Alvina August (Vesta Shears)", "London Morrison (Angela Harris, Vesta's Backup Singer)", "Bethany Brown (Florence Lemons, Vesta's Backup Singer)", "Rebecca Toolan (Helen Gandy)", "Hannah Zirke (Young Emily Summerspring)", "Billy Wickman (Hutch Summerspring)", "Charlotte Mosby (Young Rose Summerspring)", "William B. Davis (Judge Gordon Hoffman)", "Manny Jacinto (Waring 'Wade' Espiritu)", "Tally Rodin (Silvana 'Millie' Melvin)", "Sophia Lauchlin Hirt (Annabell Czuchlewski)", "Jonathan Whitesell (Chris 'Flicker' Grimes)", "Synto D. Misati (Norris 'Roman' Kindel)", "Austin Abell (Young Miles Miller)", "Katharine Isabelle (Auntie Ruth Pugh)", "Sarah Smyth (Ginger Miller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "kiersrocks", "content": "_Bad Times At The El Royale_ was exceptional. Through its preview period, I was hooked from the teaser trailer to the 24th TV Spot released. Drew Goddard knew how to make a wonderous and exciting thriller through its magnificent casting and so much more. All these trailers set high expectations which made me worry a little bit as I don\u2019t like getting myself too excited for movies because sometimes, I get very disappointed. But with this, it exceeded my high expectations. _Bad Times At The El Royale_ just crushed it and it felt riveting the whole time which is something that is hard to find in films nowadays.\r\n\r\nThe casting was incredibly on point for this with Dakota Johnson, Jeff Bridges, Jon Hamm, Lewis Pullman, Chris Hemsworth, Cailee Spaeny and Cynthia Erivo delivering Oscar-worthy performances. Both Lewis Pullman and Cailee Spaeny deserve a lot of recognition. They just both developed so well throughout and it just astounded me at the level that they could deliver. The best thing about all these wonderful and exciting characters were the connections they all had with each other whether it be a love/hate relationship. To avoid spoilers, I will not highlight who my favourite connection was but _Bad Times At The El Royale_ knew how to deliver excellent performances and wonderful connections.\r\n\r\nThe story was captivating in itself but what really accompanied this well-made film was its soundtrack which really packed quite a punch. Songs like This Old Heart Of Mine by The Isley Brothers, which was featured in the trailer and sung incredibly well by Cynthia Erivo, and Can\u2019t Take My Eyes Off You by Frankie Valli just fit in the most perfect ways. Movies like _Baby Driver_ and _Shaun Of The Dead_, both coincidentally directed by Edgar Wright, wouldn\u2019t have been what it was without its soundtrack, and it\u2019s unfortunate to say that _Bad Times At The El Royale_ would have suffered a bit without the \u201860s music. \r\n\r\nFortunately, nothing disappointed me at all with this movie because the height of intensity was just there without doing to much to establish it. Jon Hamm was most of the reason, along with Chris Hemsworth, that really helped make this such a great film. Drew Goddard produced beautiful camerawork and outstanding set design. It is truly one of the most brilliant films ever created and I\u2019ve only ever been astounded this much by _Searching_ as I kept feeling like I didn\u2019t know what was going to happen. And honestly, I didn\u2019t. But the big thing that would keep certain audiences away is the level of gore that I\u2019ve only ever seen in Tarantino films and _Brawl In Cell Block 99_. _Bad Times At The El Royale_ is a lot like Tarantino\u2019s _The Hateful Eight_ but it was done 10x better. Everything just seemed to click with me throughout the long runtime and I\u2019m glad I didn\u2019t give this a miss.\r\n\r\n_Bad Times At The El Royale_ is wonderful with unpredictable plot twists, exceptional casting and chemistry, a smartly written script and high intensity levels. I expect to see a lot of Oscar nominations for this movie as it deserves a lot of recognition whether it be surprising performances from the likes of Dakota Johnson and Lewis Pullman or fantastic costumes and design. _Bad Times At The El Royale_ just clicked with me 100% and could not lose my attention from the second I saw Nick Offerman walk into his hotel room. I paid attention to every second and enjoyed it so _Bad Times At The El Royale_ deserves a thrilling 10/10."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "More often than not, the fragmented, time-jump-y form of storytelling (a la Tarantino) doesn't do it for me. But _Bad Times at the El Royale_ nails the format, and just about everything else while it's at it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}], "recommandations_id": [438799, 487558, 500664, 401469]}