{"tmdb_id": 44603, "title": "Au-del\u00e0", "original_title": "Hereafter", "slug_title": "au-dela", "date": "2010-10-22", "genre": "Drame / Fantastique", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Au-del\u00e0 est l'histoire de trois personnages hant\u00e9s par la mort et les interrogations qu'elle soul\u00e8ve. George est un Am\u00e9ricain d'origine modeste, affect\u00e9 d'un \"don\" de voyance qui p\u00e8se sur lui comme une mal\u00e9diction. Marie, journaliste fran\u00e7aise, est confront\u00e9e \u00e0 une exp\u00e9rience de mort imminente, et en a \u00e9t\u00e9 durablement boulevers\u00e9e. Et quand Marcus, un jeune gar\u00e7on de Londres, perd l'\u00eatre qui lui \u00e9tait le plus cher et le plus indispensable, il se met d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment en qu\u00eate de r\u00e9ponses \u00e0 ses interrogations. George, Marie et Marcus sont guid\u00e9s par le m\u00eame besoin de savoir, la m\u00eame qu\u00eate. Leurs destin\u00e9es vont finir par se croiser pour tenter de r\u00e9pondre au myst\u00e8re de l'Au-del\u00e0.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xJgJHauKeTZ6VxtZqFXTF1Tb8vQ.jpg", "actors": ["Matt Damon (George Lonegan)", "Bryce Dallas Howard (Melanie)", "Thierry Neuvic (Didier)", "Cyndi Mayo Davis (Island Hotel Clerk)", "Lisa Griffiths (Stall Owner)", "Jessica Griffiths (Island Girl)", "Ferguson Reid (Rescuer)", "Derek Sakakura (Rescuer)", "George McLaren (Markus/Jason)", "Frankie McLaren (Markus/Jason)", "Lyndsey Marshal (Jackie)", "Jay Mohr (Billy)", "C\u00e9cile de France (Marie Lelay)", "Rebekah Staton (Social Worker)", "Declan Conlon (Social Worker)", "Charlie Creed-Miles (Photographer)", "Richard Kind (Christos)", "Claire Price (Marcus' Teacher)", "Franz Drameh (Teenager)", "Marcus Boyea (Teenager)", "Niamh Cusack (Foster Mother)", "George Costigan (Foster Father)", "Mathew Baynton (College Receptionist)", "Paul Antony-Barber (Nigel)", "Selina Cadell (Mrs. Joyce)", "Derek Jacobi (Derek Jacobi)", "Tim Fitzhigham (Bearded Author)", "Marthe Keller (Dr. Rousseau)", "C\u00e9line Sallette (Secretary)", "Myl\u00e8ne Jampano\u00ef (Reporter Jasmine)", "St\u00e9phane Freiss (Guillaume Belcher)", "Laurent Bateau (TV Producer)", "Calum Grant (Factory Worker)", "Steve Schirripa (Cooking Teacher 'Carlo')", "Joe Bellan (Tony)", "Jenifer Lewis (Candace)", "Tom Beard (Priest)", "Andy Gathergood (Jackie's Friend)", "Helen Elizabeth (Jackie's Friend)", "Jean-Yves Berteloot (Publishing Executive Michael)", "Surinder Duhra (Islamic Teacher)", "Sean Buckley (Dr. Meredith)", "Audrey Brisson-Jutras (Hospice Receptionist)", "Jess Murphy (Dying Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Clearly, no the best movie directed by Eastwood.\r\n\r\nThe performances are quite OK but the story is flat from the beginning to the end."}, {"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "Clint Eastwood has once again proved himself to be a formidable director. The style and structure of storytelling used in Hereafter will not appeal to a large audience, but something tells me he knew this all too well but honestly, didn't care and rightfully so. Because let's face it, he can afford it and it's certainly a privilege he has earned. And with Hereafter, it seems that all Mr. Eastwood wants to do is share a story. A very beautiful one at that.\r\n\r\nHereafter is divided into three story lines, spread over three different countries. We have Matt Damon as a reluctant psychic in the United States, C\u00e9cile De France who plays a journalist in France and a young pair of twin brothers (Frankie and George McLaren) in England. All of these peoples' lives are in one way or another affected by different aspects of death, whether that be a near-death experience or the passing of someone very dear. Or, in Damons case, the ability to establish a certain connection with those who are no longer with us. Eastwood has decided on a particularly art house-like approach, which, like I mentioned earlier, will certainly back off a large amount of potential viewers. However, I personally very much appreciate his decision. He has obviously chosen not to make this some big, hyped-up monster movie about all things paranormal. Instead, Hereafter deals with its subject with great integrity and subtlety. Although, despite said subtlety, it features a few moments which are, by contrast, incredibly intense and shocking (in a non-scary way). In fact, I would even go so far as to say it is not for the faint of heart, but I mean that mostly in an emotional sense, rather than a spectacular one. On a side note, I would actually not recommend this film to anyone who has, in any way, shape or form been confronted with the 2004 tsunami, or even the London terrorist attacks. It might be really confronting, so be advised.\r\n\r\nI personally think the film's user rating is a bit low, but on the other hand I do somewhat understand why this film has not received the appreciation it deserves. Simply put, not everyone (actually, many people) will not understand it. It is a small story, for a small audience. Also, anyone watching this because they think it's all about Matt Damon will be somewhat deceived. I fully understand why they put his name and picture on the poster, since he is the only big name on the payroll. But this is really not 'his' film, he just plays a part in it. And he does it well, but the rest of the cast actually deserves a great deal of credit, because they are quite simply phenomenal. And I mean *all* of them. C\u00e9cile de France is really impressive, she plays her part with great dignity and empathy. She truly carries every scene she's in, and she will definitely do her country proud. Personally, I was most affected (both story- and acting wise) by the 'London segment' of the film. The story of the two young brothers is absolutely heartbreaking, and the McLaren boys do a superb job at translating this onto the screen. Anyone who doesn't at least feel a shudder of emotion when watching their story unfold, well... honestly doesn't have a lot of heart. I refuse to give away any plot points at all, other than what I already have. This is really the kind of story you just need to surrender to in order to really appreciate it. The pacing demands some patience, but if this is your kind of film it really won't be too much trouble and you will be greatly rewarded.\r\n\r\nThe way the story unfolds (the three-way structure, which doesn't come together until the very end), inevitably evokes comparison to 'Babel', but honestly, that one cost me a far greater deal of effort to sit through than Hereafter. But that is entirely personal of course, and the structure is really the only similarity between the two; the stories are completely different. And I also think Hereafter is actually far more accessible than Babel, despite its subject matter. The stories are told with such tenderness that it didn't actually bother me at all that they were three separate stories which, until the end, had nothing to do with each other. They all intrigued me in their own personal way.\r\n\r\nActually, I could go on and on...\r\n\r\nIt's been a long time since a film has really touched my heart, but this one has. I've been thinking about what rating I should give it, but honestly, I can't think of a single reason why I wouldn't give this film a 10. Hereafter is a film of true beauty, a real gem. Which, unfortunately, won't be understood by many people, but who knows... Perhaps someday, its time will come.\r\n_(August 2011)_"}], "recommandations_id": [22972, 12201, 16995, 3683]}