{"tmdb_id": 446138, "title": "One Day", "original_title": "\uc5b4\ub290\ub0a0", "slug_title": "one-day", "date": "2017-04-05", "genre": ["Fantastique / Drame"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s la mort de sa femme, Gang-soo \u00e9tait tomb\u00e9 dans une profonde d\u00e9pression. Il a maintenant repris son travail d'enqu\u00eateur pour une compagnie d'assurances. Gang-soo est charg\u00e9 d'une affaire concernant Mi-so qui est d\u00e9sormais dans un \u00e9tat v\u00e9g\u00e9tatif. Pour enqu\u00eater sur son cas, il va la voir \u00e0 l'h\u00f4pital. L\u00e0, il rencontre une jeune femme qui pr\u00e9tend \u00eatre Mi-so. Il d\u00e9couvre qu'il est le seul qui puisse la voir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/anrjtPUUJEvB6BQRMQB4g3YIufB.jpg", "actors": ["Kim Nam-gil (Kang-soo)", "Chun Woo-hee (Mi-so)", "Jeong Seon-kyeong (Mi-so's Mother)", "Im Hwa-young (Seon-hwa)", "Park Hee-von (Ho-jung)", "Kim Jung-hyun (Assistant manager Cha)", "Lee Seung-yeon (Head nurse)", "Kim Ye-joon (Choi Ji-ho)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Once he'd failed, can he be second time keep an eye on it.**\r\n\r\nAn intended emotional drama. You could see it from the very first scene itself. But the story had no innovation, just the characters and all the events surrounding them differently written. This is not a bad film, though not everybody would say they enjoyed it, so am I. I have seen many similar films with better appealing melodrama than this. I love tearjerker film, simply this was not my cup of tea. That is where I lost, despite prepared to have a great time watching it.\r\n\r\nApart from that, it was very slow and get even slower when tale progresses. Nearly two hours long and overall drags a bit with plain events. Luckily, there were a few course changing scenes that kept the film alive for me. Too matured storytelling with less background score and more sorrowful atmosphere. That means, it's a grownup's film with realistic narration, but build on a fictional concept and a fantasy theme. One thing you must understand that it is not a romance film.\r\n\r\nThe story of an insurance agent who recently widowed. He's assigned to review a patient who met with an accident, is now in coma. Like he's the chosen one, her spirit is visible only for his eyes. After the initial differences, they develop a certain bond as they meet every day. But after some time, the things complicate once the time comes to move on in the world. So what happens to them and other things are told in the remaining.\r\n\r\nThe actors were decent. I am only familiar with the actress and she was good. The actors looked okay. Almost 90 per cent of the story between their roles. Those extra characters really brightened the narration occasionally. Sometimes meaningful and inspiring. Like I said, this is a good film for families, but not for everybody. One of the major reasons was the conclusion. It was kind of expected, but also immoral act. Otherwise, I guess, I would have liked it better.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "EYTM1EuZvso"}