{"tmdb_id": 446297, "title": "Dr. Shagetz", "original_title": "Dr. Shagetz", "slug_title": "dr-shagetz", "date": "1975-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Passing through a small town, two young hippie couples stumble upon a town where the old folks all act strange and even stranger things are happening at the local clinic. Filming was completed in 1973 but this original version of the film was barely released two years later under several different titles. It was shot as God Bless Grandpa and Grandma but posters were made for the titles Dr. Shagetz and God Bless Dr. Shagetz, with the \"Bless\" crossed over and replaced with \"Damn.\" In the early 80s, much of the older footage was scrapped and new scenes were put in their place for the 1987 video release Evil Town, which also boasted new music. In that version (the only one currently available), several of the characters in the original (including the garage mechanics and clinic nurse) have been removed entirely and replaced with new actors.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ZICwb7ty2xit2Y7txlMIq9DHkX.jpg", "actors": ["James Keach (Christopher Fuller)", "Michele Marsh (Julie)", "Robert Walker Jr. (Mike Segal)", "Doria Cook-Nelson (Linda)", "Dean Jagger (Dr. Shagetz)", "Dabbs Greer (Lyle Phelps)", "Lurene Tuttle (Mildred Phelps)", "Regis Toomey (Doc Hooper)", "Margo Farrar (Clarissa)", "Hope Summers (Alice Wylie)", "Richard Hale (Lester Wylie)", "E.J. Andr\u00e9 (Earl)", "Boyd 'Red' Morgan (Vernon Patterson)", "Harvey Parry (Howard Roscoe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}