{"tmdb_id": 4464, "title": "Pur Sang, la l\u00e9gende de Seabiscuit", "original_title": "Seabiscuit", "slug_title": "pur-sang-la-legende-de-seabiscuit", "date": "2003-07-22", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1936, alors que l'Am\u00e9rique ressent encore les effets de la Grande D\u00e9pression, Charles Howard, un vendeur de bicyclettes qui a fait fortune, ach\u00e8te un \u00e9talon hargneux, aigri et sauvage, laiss\u00e9 pour compte. Il le confie \u00e0 un entra\u00eeneur quasi mutique et \u00e0 un jockey borgne, une \u00e9toile d\u00e9chue.Ce trio insolite va m\u00e9tamorphoser le tocard Seabiscuit en un fabuleux champion. Des centaines de milliers d'Am\u00e9ricains vont suivre passionn\u00e9ment ses victoires. Les champs de courses sont envahis, la radio retransmet en direct les grands prix, les journaux en font leur une...Seabiscuit devient l'une des plus fascinantes ic\u00f4nes de l 'histoire am\u00e9ricaine. Il n'est plus seulement un cheval de l\u00e9gende mais incarne \u00e9galement, au coeur de la tourmente \u00e9conomique, la revanche de tous ceux qui ne devaientpas gagner.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5Okv51hRtnSRqIOSegaAjEYLIsL.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Bridges (Charles Howard)", "David McCullough (Narrator)", "Chris Cooper (Tom Smith)", "Tobey Maguire (Red Pollard)", "Elizabeth Banks (Marcela Howard)", "Gary L. Stevens (George Woolf)", "William H. Macy (Tick Tock McGlaughlin)", "Royce D. Applegate (Dutch Doogan)", "Eddie Jones (Samuel D. Riddle)", "Chris McCarron (Charley Kurtsinger)", "Michael Ensign (Steamer Owner)", "Jesse Hernandez (Male Mariachi Band)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Hope for the broken via a quirky, forsaken race horse***\r\n\r\nDuring the Depression, an undersized, \u201clazy\u201d horse named Seabiscuit becomes a champion, lifting the spirits of both its team and that of the nation. Jeff Bridges plays the owner, Tobey Maguire the jockey and Chris Cooper the trainer. Valerie Mahaffey is on hand as the owner\u2019s wife.\r\n\r\nBased on the real story, \u201cSeabiscuit\u201d (2003) is reminiscent in tone of another timeless historical drama starring Bridges, \u201cTucker: The Man and His Dream\u201d (1988) by Francis Ford Coppola. I prefer the underrated \u201cTucker\u201d because it\u2019s snappier and less vague, but \u201cSeabiscuit\u201d ain\u2019t no slouch. \r\n\r\nLike the historically-based \u201cJeremiah Johnson\u201d (1972) the manner of storytelling respects the intelligence of the viewer to sometimes read between the lines. One of the best parts is the build-up to the race with War Admiral and the thrilling race itself. Not knowing the real-life events, a couple of the twists were surprising. The first act, however, seems bogged down by extraneous details about the owner.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hour, 19 minutes and was shot in California, New York and Kentucky.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [2023, 11086, 1365, 39486]}