{"tmdb_id": 446445, "title": "Alles was recht ist \u2013 V\u00e4ter, T\u00f6chter, S\u00f6hne", "original_title": "Alles was recht ist \u2013 V\u00e4ter, T\u00f6chter, S\u00f6hne", "slug_title": "alles-was-recht-ist-vater-tochter-sohne", "date": "2011-01-13", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Two fathers are fighting for a child: Franz Bergen, head of a church choir, wants to fight the right of access to the young son of the pub Ren\u00e9 D\u00f6rfler. At first, Judge Lena Kalbach does not allow the lawsuit - until it turns out that Bergen, as a sperm donor, is the biological father of the child. A delicate case for which Lena has to find a solution with great tact. But she is also personally affected by the issue of fatherhood: Her adult daughter Nike finally wants to know who her father is. In the third part of the popular TV series, Michaela May again plays the smart judge Lena Kalbach.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4AwkfG9jQNqSqGG5JdIwdjvP0Z2.jpg", "actors": ["Michaela May (Dr. Lena Kalbach)", "G\u00f6tz Schubert (Friedrich Gross)", "Anna Schudt (Dr. Nike Reichert)", "Helmfried von L\u00fcttichau (Dr.K\u00e4stle)", "Sonsee Neu (Karin D\u00f6rfler)", "Max Herbrechter (Franz Bergen)", "Karl Kranzkowski (Domvikar Grossmann)", "Hans Martin Stier (Dr. Hansjohann Schrunz)", "Oliver Breite (Johannes Reichert)", "Aleksandar Jovanovi\u0107 (Ren\u00e9 D\u00f6rfler)", "Orlando Lenzen (Moritz D\u00f6rfler)", "Deborah Kaufmann (Amelie Bergen)", "Anna Hausburg (Klara Reichert)", "Maurice Engst (Emanuel Reichert)", "Matthias Scheuring (Dr. Plagge)", "Susanne Kubelka (Eva-Maria Gross)", "Lutz Lansemann (Wolfgang Br\u00fcckner)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}