{"tmdb_id": 446537, "title": "Vegetable House", "original_title": "Vegetable House", "slug_title": "vegetable-house", "date": "1985-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Vegetable House is no garden variety comedy. When actor/writers Joe Doyle, Ron Dean (Code of Silence), and Aaron Freeman (America's Political Satirist) team up, nothing is sacred. The Vegetable House players include some Chicago's brightest comedy stars drawn largely from the famed \"Second City\" comedy troupe. At Vegetable House, Brussels sprouts shiver in their sheets while above lurks the menace of the Vegomatic. Suburban housewives submit to weekly games of bondage bridge. Meet Tokai Lokoto, the 3rd World's funniest man, and Gordon, whose nailbiting has gotten out of hand. Follow the adventures of \"Kaa Kaa of the City\" who was abandoned at birth and raised by pigeons in Grant Park. And the Veggie Video, don't forget the Veggie Video. Hot Pop. Hot Veggies. Hot Video.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i0QPiUk9lgzMv4WPvnvstjvkN8S.jpg", "actors": ["Joe Doyle ()", "Ron Dean ()", "Aaron Freeman ()", "Susan Pinter ()", "Kathleen O'Grady ()", "Steve Assad ()", "Jim Fay ()", "Richard Henzel ()", "Walter Kelly ()", "Connie Medema ()", "Jeff Michaels ()", "Tracy Valcy ()", "Lee Ann Marie ()", "Sandy Lee ()", "Julie Spiegel ()", "Geryl Dockman ()", "Valerie Gobos ()", "Sharon Weitzman (Pretty Woman on the Street)", "Jaclyn Weitzman (Girl with Popcorn)", "Pretty Boy Floyd (Dog with Charley Cabbage)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "7UaVLTTlabE"}