{"tmdb_id": 44707, "title": "\u6df1\u6d77", "original_title": "\u6df1\u6d77", "slug_title": "shen-hai", "date": "2005-09-16", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Just coming out of the jail, depressed and close-hearted, Ah Yu met two men with different characters from each other. One is a businessman, charming and mature; the other is a young supervisor in a factory with a promising future. But these two loves are short-lived, fading away like bubbles on the beach. With a wounded soul, she went back to the cottage owned by Sister An, a friend from jail.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gpRkHJ8xYCOJyzOdCTJhC8ZPh2e.jpg", "actors": ["Tarcy Su (Ah Yu)", "Lu Yi-Ching (An-an)", "Leon Dai (Chen Sang)", "Lee Wei (Hao)", "Yang Kuei-Mei ()", "Wu Peng-Fong ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sitenoise", "content": "The film begins with Ah Yu, played by Taiwanese singer **Tarcy Su**, being released from prison. We aren\u2019t told why she was there or how long she was in for. She makes her way to the home of a weathered and motherly woman named An-an (Yi-Ching Lu) whom she had come to know in prison. An-an takes her in and gives her job at the hostess bar she operates. After an arranged date doesn\u2019t pan out the way Ah Yu expected, she quits the bar and takes a job at a computer factory. Her relationship with a young supervisor she meets there, along with her ongoing and anchoring relationship with An-an, is the meat of this film.\r\n\r\n_Blue Cha Cha_ requires patience. That\u2019s code for it being an art house film which moves slowly and doesn\u2019t offer a lot of detail as to why things are happening. Beyond an ambiguous statement near the end of the film revealing why Ah Yu was in prison we never learn anything about her past, and throughout the film it is clear that she has no idea nor concrete desires for her future. She just drifts along, medicated, mentally unstable yet always trying to be nice, hoping each day will offer some measure of fulfillment. _Blue Cha Cha_ isn\u2019t a low-budget indie film, tho. It has excellent production values and looks gorgeous. The direction is fluid and creative and the cinematography crisp and colorful.\r\n\r\nThese kinds of films need good characters and good performances in order to succeed. Blue Cha Cha delivers them. Yi-Ching Lu, who has been in a number of films by Ming-liang Tsai, is always reliable. She\u2019s tough and unafraid to do almost anything as an actress. But the real highlight here is **Tarcy Su**. She is able to make us care for a character we never learn much about. We\u2019re not always clear about what is going on inside her head but we\u2019re always sure she is experiencing something. It\u2019s surprising how well she is able to articulate a confused yet committed mind without offering any insight as to the details of the matter. There\u2019s a scene where she is lying in bed with a man, staring at him face to face as he drifts in and out of sleep. There is a frightening authenticity to her gaze which offers no explanation as to its genesis."}], "recommandations_id": [48261, 257733, 31205, 40974], "youtube_key": "notfound"}