{"tmdb_id": 447200, "title": "Skyscraper", "original_title": "Skyscraper", "slug_title": "skyscraper", "date": "2018-07-11", "genre": "Action", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Will Ford, ancien leader de l\u2019\u00e9quipe de lib\u00e9ration d\u2019otages du FBI, ancien v\u00e9t\u00e9ran de guerre, et maintenant responsable de la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 des gratte-ciels est affect\u00e9 en Chine. Il d\u00e9couvre le b\u00e2timent le plus grand et le plus s\u00fbr du monde soudainement en feu et est accus\u00e9 de l\u2019avoir d\u00e9clench\u00e9. D\u00e9sormais consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme un fugitif, Will doit trouver les coupables, r\u00e9tablir sa r\u00e9putation et sauver sa famille emprisonn\u00e9e \u00e0 l\u2019int\u00e9rieur du b\u00e2timent\u2026au-dessus de la ligne de feu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mMLNGnfo4HaAYCkUyvzBSVFLXjM.jpg", "actors": ["Dwayne Johnson (Will Sawyer)", "Neve Campbell (Sarah Sawyer)", "Chin Han (Zhao Long Ji)", "Noah Taylor (Mr. Pierce)", "Byron Mann (Inspector Wu)", "Pablo Schreiber (Ben)", "McKenna Roberts (Georgia Sawyer)", "Noah Cottrell (Henry Sawyer)", "Hannah Quinlivan (Xia)", "Adrian Holmes (Ajani Okeke)", "Elfina Luk (Sergeant Han)", "Kevin Rankin (Ray)", "Jett Klyne (Ray's Son)", "Kayden Magnuson (Ray's Daughter)", "Byron Lawson (Suit #1)", "Nelson Wong (News Camera Man)", "Colin Corrigan (Windbreaker Man)", "Omari Newton (Hostage Rescue Commander)", "Venus Terzo (Hostage Negotiator)", "Paul McGillion (On-Scene Commander)", "Matt O'Leary (Skinny Hacker)", "Tzi Ma (Fire Chief Sheng)", "Roland M\u00f8ller (Kores Botha)", "Gretal Montgomery (Ray's Wife)", "Jason William Day (Botha's Thug #1)", "Ryan Handley (Botha's Thug #2)", "Sean Kohnke (Botha's Thug #3)", "Shawn Stewart (Botha's Thug #4)", "Brian Ho (Shady Man)", "Tina Tong (Building Voice (voice))", "Carlo Yu (HKP Officer #1)", "Dimitry Tsoy (HKP Officer #2)", "Allen Keng (HKP Officer #3)", "Sam Yunussov (Penthouse Guard #1)", "Paul Wu (Penthouse Guard #2)", "Glenn Chow (Maintenance Technician)", "Robert Boyce (Helicopter Pilot)", "Aaron Au (Police Sniper)", "Grace Wang (News Reporter #1)", "Marcus Sim (News Reporter #2)", "Rene Wang (Hong Kong Newscaster)", "Kathy Wu (Chinese Newscaster #1)", "Lawrence Chau (Chinese Newscaster #2)", "Evan Lai (Chinese Newscaster #3)", "Shamel Hashish (Arabic Speaking Newscaster)", "Matthew Wolf (British Newscaster)", "Fabio Tassone (French Newscaster)", "Leanne Suter (American Newscaster #1)", "Rick Chambers (American Newscaster #2)", "Lasaundra Gibson (American Newscaster #3)", "Wendy Jacobson (Zhao Interviewer)", "Sarah K. Thurber (Ferry Princess)", "Malin Barr (Swedish Newscaster (uncredited))", "Vivian Full (Ben's Neighbour (uncredited))", "Hung Huynh (Asian Hipster (uncredited))", "Beatrice Ilg (Asian Lady (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Jedi Burrell", "content": "You might expect a former FBI agent to be able to handle a gun, or protect himself at gunpoint. But you sure as hell don\u2019t expect a doctor to, and yet, Sarah Sawyer can not only steal a gun pointed at her, she can stop a burning building\u2019s fire without even being in the building!\r\n\r\nWill Sawyer\u2019s posed with a challenge when the tablet that he was for some reason given with full control of the security system and just about everything else about the building, gets stolen, the building set on fire, and his family stuck above the fire with little means to get out.\r\n\r\nWill, who is now a suspect, takes it upon himself to enter the burning building, get his family, and leave the burning building. This isn\u2019t as easy as that sounds, because there\u2019s a MacGuffin to be gotten and the people that set the building on fire will stop at nothing to get it. Oh, and did I mention **he only has one leg!**\r\n\r\n_Minor spoilers ahead._\r\n\r\nSkyscraper was extremely predictable, the only thing I didn\u2019t see coming was the fact that they wasted five minutes of our time showing Will telling Sarah to turn off and back on her phone to fix it, just to set up the ending where Sarah turns off and back on the building to stop the fire.\r\n\r\nThe one thing I did enjoy from this film was near the ending when they\u2019re in _The Pearl_, but you don\u2019t watch a movie for a single scene.\r\n\r\nRawson Thurber should stick to comedy, where he has experience. This is a waste of the $125,000,000 it took to make it, and it\u2019s a waste of the $12 to watch it. Skip this one."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Well, if you are a fan of The Rock this is a decent enough high octane action, disaster and special effects movie. If not, well then you probably have to be a pretty big fan of special effects and action to overlook its weak points.\r\n\r\nLet\u2019s start with the good stuff. One, it is The Rock (yes I am a fan) although he certainly doesn\u2019t come out at his best in this movie. Personally I could do without the artificial leg crap but it didn\u2019t bother me too much in the end. It didn\u2019t really add anything except some silly (and unrealistic scenes) though.\r\n\r\nThen we have the action and the special effects. They were as good as you would expect from a multi million dollar action movie. At least I enjoyed them. I really liked the design of the Skyscraper. I thought it was booth cool and beautiful. I kind of would like to see it built in real life.\r\n\r\nWas the movie derivative? Well of course it can be said to be derivative! How many movies with burning Skyscrapers and bad guys hi-jacking them can you make before it becomes derivative after all? The first movie named Skyscraper was made in 1928 for Christ sake. It didn\u2019t bother me at all.\r\n\r\nNow for the not so good. The movie was hugely predictable. I mean, you could tell who the bad guys were from the first scene they were in. Especially the rat faced jerk Mr Pierce. The main bad guy? Well, he was no Hans Gruber that\u2019s for sure. More like a common thug. The movie really lacked a bad guy with some charisma. Overall, most of the movie from start to finish was really a no-surprise-there event from the first bad guy entering the scene to the rebooting of the systems.\r\n\r\nThen we have the realism factor. I do not expect an action and special effects movie to be realistic but there are some limits. Sawyer climbing around on the outside of the building (with one leg remember) in the updraft from 50 or so burning levels was just nonsense. Also, a building burning that much and that long and yet all the electrical wiring and plumbing still working was a bit too much. The absolutely worst offence though was how everyone magically survived sitting in the middle of the fire being extinguished by the release of halon gas (or some equivalent). That just brings stupidity (or maybe laziness) in script writing to a whole new level.\r\n\r\nSo, to sum it up, this move could have been a lot better. To me it was saved by The Rock and my love of special effects loaded action movies."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Die Hard in a (X)_ is a pretty classic movie formula, it doesn't get as much play now as it did in the 80s and 90s, but we can still reliably expect at **least** one every couple of years, even now. But when it's _Die Hard in a Skyscraper_... I mean... That's just _Die Hard_. Even _Die Hard 2_ had the sensibility to be _Die Hard in an Airport_.\r\n\r\nExcept that, no, this isn't just _Die Hard_, because (and I don't think anyone would be shocked to find this) it's not as good. I mean I love The Rock and all, but come on.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product."}], "recommandations_id": [427641, 345940, 353081, 345887]}