{"tmdb_id": 44766, "title": "Le tr\u00e9sor du pendu", "original_title": "The Law and Jake Wade", "slug_title": "le-tresor-du-pendu", "date": "1958-06-06", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Un sh\u00e9rif, ancien bandit, est en conflit avec l'un de ses plus fid\u00e8les complices du temps de ses m\u00e9faits.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dKUT6UDardg67QbaFqUVIWF1gqK.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Jake Wade)", "Richard Widmark (Clint Hollister)", "Patricia Owens (Peggy)", "Robert Middleton (Ortero)", "Henry Silva (Rennie)", "DeForest Kelley (Wexler)", "Burt Douglas (Lieutenant)", "Eddie Firestone (Burke)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "More than meets the eye in John Sturges' excellent Oater.\r\n\r\nJake Wade, a former thief and gunman is now the town marshal. Out of a need to clear a debt, he breaks a former accomplice of his, Clint Hollister, out of jail, and almost immediately starts to regret it. It seems that Wade hid some monetary spoils out in the hills and Hollister wants his hands on it. So along with his gang, Hollister forces Wade and his fianc\u00e9e to go out searching for the cash. But not only is there conflict within the group, there is the small matter of the deadly Comanche to worry about as well.\r\n\r\nThe Law And Jake Wade comes with some pretty solid Western credentials from the off. Directed by John Sturges (Gunfight at the O.K. Corral/The Magnificent Seven), starring Richard Widmark (Warlock/The Alamo), Robert Taylor (Saddle The Wind) and photographed by Robert Surtees (Oklahoma!/Escape from Fort Bravo). Widmark is on prime bad guy form as Hollister, and Taylor, who was often accused of being stiff, is perfect foil playing sedate off of Widmark's borderline evil. The cinematography is luscious from Surtees, both Death Valley and The Alabama Hills in California are as imposing as they are beautiful, with Sturges framing his blurry good vs bad characters amongst them to great effect. What action there is {this is primarily a talky picture in reality} is handled adroitly by the wily Stugess, with a Comanche attack on our protagonists in a ghost town, particularly exciting. It's very rare to see arrows and spears glide so gracefully on their path to pain as we do here, all crisply enveloped in MGM's choice of Metrocolor.\r\n\r\nBut really it's with the story itself that the film lifts its being to rank with the better genre offerings. William Bowers' screenplay, adapting from the Marvin H. Albert novel, on the surface looks like a standard good guy-bad guy dovetail piece, but things are purposely left unanswered to fully form the issues (yes you read it right). Is it for nothing that Wade, our law man, the \"good\" guy, is all in black throughout the piece? With Hollister all shiny in denim blue! Why is the money out buried in the hills after all this time? And come the finale you should be forced into a rethink about the law and all its little peccadilloes. There really is more on offer here if you give it your undivided attention. Some minor itches aside {Patricia Owens love interest looks lost for example}, The Law And Jake Wade is a fine genre piece that deserves better than being called a weekend time filler. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [83099, 138296, 48409, 61564], "youtube_key": "vx8PgF7mvgQ"}