{"tmdb_id": 448194, "title": "Pyewacket", "original_title": "Pyewacket", "slug_title": "pyewacket", "date": "2017-12-08", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Une adolescente frustr\u00e9e et angoiss\u00e9e r\u00e9veille une entit\u00e9 dans les bois quand elle ex\u00e9cute na\u00efvement un rituel occulte pour invoquer une sorci\u00e8re afin qu'elle tue sa m\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qJFbDjUNdVlcWtuqk2LiQ3Aq5hA.jpg", "actors": ["Laurie Holden (Mrs. Reyes)", "Nicole Mu\u00f1oz (Leah Reyes)", "Chloe Rose (Janice)", "Eric Osborne (Aaron)", "James McGowan (Rowen Dove)", "Victoria Sanchez (Teacher)", "Neil Whitely (Detective)", "Missy Peregrym (911 Operator (voice))", "Bianca Melchior (Pyewacket)", "Romeo Carere (Rob)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "A slow-burn horror that doesn't quite burn enough.\r\n\r\nBefore I get started let me just say that angst and anger are not the same thing.  I have read so many reviews that have described the character of Leah as angst-ridden.  Angst is fear or anxiety, often about the future, it is not the same thing as anger...\r\n\r\nLeah is a teen living with her grieving mother.  She likes black metal and the occult.  She's not completely off the rails, still respects her mother, but she is clearly dealing with the loss of her father as is her mother.  Her mum decides it is time to uproot from the family home and shift to a cabin in the woods.  After a massive argument the angry teen summons a demon/witch/entity to kill her mum, and spends the rest of the film regretting and trying to reverse the ritual.\r\n\r\nThere's some good acting, some nicely fleshed out characters with a lot of grey moral areas, no one is completely good or completely bad.  The mother is simultaneously cold, selfish, distant, loving, caring and concerned.  The daughter is angry, upset, respectful and loving.  \r\n\r\nThe witch is a little like the shark in jaws, all subtle out of focus, with only the odd decent look at it.  That is both a good and a bad thing.  Fans of horror might feel let down, but fans of thrillers might think it is all a little too much\r\n\r\nThere are some monumentally bad decisions which are hard to get over, and the ending lacked some punch, but it is mostly a well made quiet film.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [436973, 396321, 503752, 462036]}