{"tmdb_id": 44833, "title": "Battleship", "original_title": "Battleship", "slug_title": "battleship", "date": "2012-04-11", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Oc\u00e9an Pacifique\u2026 Au large d\u2019Hawa\u00ef, l\u2019US Navy d\u00e9ploie toute sa puissance. Mais bient\u00f4t, une forme \u00e9trange et mena\u00e7ante \u00e9merge \u00e0 la surface des eaux, suivie par des dizaines d\u2019autres dot\u00e9es d\u2019une puissance de destruction inimaginable. Qui sont-ils ? Que faisaient-ils, cach\u00e9s depuis si longtemps au fond de l\u2019oc\u00e9an ? \u00c0 bord de l\u2019USS John Paul Jones, le jeune officier Hopper, l\u2019Amiral Shane, le sous-officier Raikes vont d\u00e9couvrir que l\u2019oc\u00e9an n\u2019est pas toujours aussi pacifique qu\u2019il y para\u00eet. La bataille pour sauver notre plan\u00e8te d\u00e9bute en mer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7hN6WtMepoMZyeHZU2DM21cEj3z.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (Admiral Shane)", "Taylor Kitsch (Lieutenant Alex Hopper)", "Alexander Skarsg\u00e5rd (Commander Stone Hopper)", "Rihanna (Petty Officer Cora 'Weps' Raikes)", "Tadanobu Asano (Captain Yugi Nagata)", "Gregory D. Gadson (Lieutenant Colonel Mick Canales)", "Brooklyn Decker (Sam)", "Hamish Linklater (Cal Zapata)", "Jesse Plemons (Boatswain Mate Seaman Jimmy \"Ordy\" Ord)", "John Tui (Chief Petty Officer Walter \"The Beast\" Lynch)", "Jerry Ferrara (Sampson JOOD Strodell)", "David Jensen (NASA Director)", "Peter Berg (JPJ 2nd Gunner)", "Adam Godley (Dr. Nogrady)", "Rico McClinton (Captain Browley)", "Joji Yoshida (Chief Engineer Hiroki)", "Stephen Bishop (JPJ OOD)", "Austin Naulty (JPJ Fireman)", "James Rawlings (JPJ Scat)", "Dustin J. Reno (Electronic Warfare Supervisor)", "Rick Hoffman (Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff)", "Gary Grubbs (Air Force Chief of Staff)", "Rami Malek (Watch Officer)", "Peter MacNicol (Secretary of Defense)", "Louis Lombardi (Bartender)", "Jordan Kirkwood (JPJ Sailor)", "Doug Penty (CIC Watch Supervisor)", "Carson Aune (CIC Gunner)", "Josh Pence (Combat Systems Coordinator)", "Lloyd Pitts (JPJ Port Gunner)", "Michelle Arthur (British Newscaster)", "Natalia Castellanos (Spanish Newscaster)", "Leni Ito (Japanese Newscaster)", "Jackie Johnson (Jackie Johnson)", "Kerry Cahill (Cal's Female Colleague)", "Norman Vincent McLafferty (Old Salt)", "Dante Jimenez (JPJ XO Mullenaro)", "Daven Arce (JPJ Helmsman)", "Ralph Richardson (JPJ Starboard Gunner)", "Biunca Love (JPJ BMOW)", "Kyle Clements (Regent Sea Commander)", "Yutaka Takeuchi (Myoko XO)", "John A Weaver (JPJ Sailor)", "Dane Justman (Sampson OOD)", "Drew Rausch (Sampson XO)", "Bill Stinchcomb (Marine Commandant)", "John Bell (Angus)", "Arlene Newman (Naval Officer)", "George O'Hanlon Jr. (Tourist Guide (as George O'Hanlon))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It rhymes with ship!\r\n\r\nActually that's a little unfair, for those after a two hour plus movie of noise and robotic like destruction, then this has a modicum of popcorn frivolity about it. But it's all so vacuous, any semblance of a story is given over for a chance to show some Transformers effects work, the human characters constantly an afterthought as they play second fiddle to another CGI action scene. It feels like an extended toy advertisement, the acting is sub-standard and the editing - appropriately enough for the film's setting - is akin to a bout of sea sickness. The action sequences all carry a familiarity about them, while like their human counterparts, the alien foe here are devoid of any rhyme or reason as to their motive and being.\r\n\r\nCash infused metallic porn at its most tiresome. 5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I enjoyed this movie. The visual effects are great, the alien designs are interesting and there\u2019s lots of explosive hardware flying around. Although not exactly a very logical/practical design I did like the cool rolling \u201cballs\u201d of destruction that the aliens where using. Seeing the \u201cMighty Mo\u201d in action was of course an additional plus. It\u2019s really a shame that these magnificent floating fortresses have become obsolete.\n\nHowever, the enjoyment brought by this movie was almost purely one of visual effects. Well, I generally like Liam Neeson as well but not much else in this movie was of any higher standards. The story is the usual Hollywood stuff. The holes in the logic are big enough to drive, well, a battleship through. For instance, the aliens can come from far away, navigate between the stars, but they cannot avoid accidentally colliding with a satellite in earth orbit? Come on.\n \nIt unfortunately becomes even worse when they decide to fire up the Missouri. I could live with the fact that there\u2019s no way that a handful of veterans could have gotten that ship into running state. I could even live with the fact that the film ignores that it would take days to fire the ship up from cold storage even under optimal circumstances and with a full crew. But what really got me pissed off is when they drop the anchor to make a \u201chand break turn\u201d and turn the ship around on a dime actually sliding the ship on the water. What the fuck !!!\n\nHow utterly ignorant, dumb, stupid can you become as a Hollywood producer/scriptwriter/director? I\u2019m actually being kind to these morons now because if the people that wrote that scene is not total idiots then they are assuming that the audience are such idiots which would be even worse.\n\nThat part alone dropped it two stars for me. I still gave it 6 out of 10 because I enjoyed the visual effects and the sea battles so much."}], "recommandations_id": [44943, 64635, 14869, 49529], "youtube_key": "cp3646Zf8rg"}