{"tmdb_id": 4488, "title": "Vendredi 13", "original_title": "Friday the 13th", "slug_title": "vendredi-13", "date": "1980-05-09", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1957, un jeune gar\u00e7on, pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Jason, meurt noy\u00e9 au camp de Crystal Lake. L'ann\u00e9e suivante, les deux responsables du camp sont tu\u00e9s. Crystal Lake ferme. Mais en 1980, Steve Christy d\u00e9cide de le rouvrir un vendredi 13, jour anniversaire des d\u00e9c\u00e8s survenus vingt-trois ans auparavant. Lors de la pr\u00e9paration du camp pour son ouverture, les moniteurs du centre disparaissent les uns apr\u00e8s les autres pendant la nuit\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g5Up7qjZtdeSUGYJrCdAMhMc4v5.jpg", "actors": ["Betsy Palmer (Mrs. Voorhees)", "Adrienne King (Alice)", "Harry Crosby (Bill)", "Laurie Bartram (Brenda)", "Jeannine Taylor (Marcie)", "Kevin Bacon (Jack)", "Mark Nelson (Ned)", "Robbi Morgan (Annie)", "Peter Brouwer (Steve Christy)", "Rex Everhart (The Truck Driver)", "Walt Gorney (Crazy Ralph)", "Willie Adams (Barry)", "Debra S. Hayes (Claudette)", "Ari Lehman (Jason)", "Ronn Carroll (Sgt. Tierney)", "Ron Millkie (Officer Dorf)", "Dorothy Kobs (Trudy)", "Sally Anne Golden (Sandy)", "Mary Rocco (Operator)", "Ken L. Parker (Doctor)", "Noel Cunningham (Boy in 1958 Camping Circle (uncredited))", "Irwin Keyes (Busboy (uncredited))", "Tom Savini (Man The Knife Killer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Milo_Jeeder", "content": "Clearly, the team behind \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d expected at least to make a reasonable profit out of it, but I seriously doubt that anyone involved in the making of this film even considered the possibility of it becoming the cult classic that it is today. Victor Miller, who wrote the story, openly admitted that he was riding off the success of Halloween (1978). The late actress Betsy Palmer even claimed that, after reading the script, she thought the story was trash (well\u2026 she actually used another word), but she took the job because she needed a new car. Little did she know when she took the role that her character would immortalize her as one of the biggest horror icons of all times.\r\n\r\nYes, it is evident that Victor Miller and Don Mancini capitalized on the success of Halloween (1978), but the truth is that \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d manages to stand out on its own, and in the end, other than being two slasher films about a killer who prowls around murdering teenagers; these two films don\u2019t really have that much in common. To this day, John Carpenter\u2019s \u201cHalloween\u201d is considered a more \u201cserious\u201d horror film (for the lack of a better word), while \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d remains a classic, but is still seen as a less underappreciated respectable flick. Why? Probably because, even though I absolutely love it, I will admit that \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d certainly has a campy nature (no pun intended). In my case, I don\u2019t mind the campiness, I actually enjoy it.\r\n\r\nIn \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d, the story begins in 1958, in a summer camp named Camp Crystal Lake. We see two young camp counselors who are about to have sex, when someone appears out of nowhere and murders them both. We don\u2019t get to see who the killer is, since the murders are shown in a point-of-view shot, and the reason behind the murders is not yet explained either.\r\nThe story then jumps to 1980 and it focuses on Alice, a young and sensible girl who, along with other kids of her age, is hired as a counselor by a man who attempts to reopen Camp Crystal Lake. Unfortunately, someone doesn\u2019t seem too thrilled about the reopening of the place, which will lead to a series of gruesome murders. Could it be the same person who killed those two counselors back in 1958? In the end, it is Alice who will have to come face to face with the killer and fight for her own life.\r\n\r\n*Spoilers ahead*\r\n\r\nPlot-wise, \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d may not be too remarkable, but it doesn\u2019t really need to be either. I could be wrong, but I believe this film first introduced the formula that consists on: a summer camp as a scenario, a pinch of mystery, plentiful gore, creative deaths and a gratifying reveal towards the last minutes. Just like this film attempted to ride off the success of a previous slasher, ironically, \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d itself ended up generating a bunch of (arguably) inferior clones as well. Of course, commercial success doesn\u2019t necessarily imply quality, but I do think \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d has a certain something that makes it appealing to a lot of people.\r\n\r\nFor the most part, the characters in this film seem somewhat generic and one dimensional, which is a common attribute in slasher films. There really isn\u2019t much of a character development, and we don\u2019t get to know them very well. Most of the victims are young boys and girls who seem to be in the camp to have a good time themselves, rather than working hard to make the children happy. Surely, these characters don\u2019t really deserve to die for being immature and silly, but at the same time, it is hard to feel too bad for them either. However, the first character that gets killed after the time-jump seems genuinely sweet and caring, so one obviously feels bad for her when she is brutally murdered, just for being na\u00efve enough to trust a stranger. I think this death after the time-jump was a perfect move, because it sets the tone perfectly for what is going to happen later: a bunch of innocent young people will be brutally murdered without having done anything to deserve it. \r\n\r\nThe acting in \u201cFriday the 13th\u201d is mostly plain or, in some cases, over the top, which, along with the silly dialogs and lines, provides the film with an enjoyable campy nature. The late Betsy Palmer, who played the role of Mrs. Pamela Voorhees, was nominated for a Razzie Award, and while I love the character of Mrs. Voorhees and I felt bad to hear about Palmer\u2019s passing, I can understand why she was nominated. It\u2019s true, Betsy\u2019s portrayal of Jason\u2019s mother is over the top and it can appear as unintentionally funny during her delivery of some of her lines, but at the same time, I\u2019m not sure if I can imagine the character being played differently at this point. Then we have Crazy Ralph, literally jumping out of a closet, telling the kids to leave, because they\u2019re doomed and that Camp Crystal Lake has a death curse. This character, aside from being called \u201cCrazy\u201d Ralph, (in case anyone didn\u2019t notice that he was crazy in the first place), is perhaps one of the campiest characters in the slasher subgenre, which earned him an iconic place in the franchise and even a small part in the first sequel.\r\n\r\n\u201cFriday the 13th\u201d offers a nice variety of gory murders, with Tom Savini in charge of the makeup effects, which is an undeniable seal of quality. The legendary \u201caxe in the face\u201d death scene is perhaps one of the most memorable parts of the film for many fans. In this scene, Sean Cunningham and Tom Savini not only offer a morbidly satisfying and shocking on-screen death, we also get a lot of tension and suspense preceding the murder, which creates a feeling of panic and desperation. \r\n\r\nThe final confrontation between Alice, our final girl, and Mrs. Voorhees, Jason\u2019s vengeful mother is really extensive for a good cause, as it helps to build a lot of tension that culminates with a gruesome murder. To some extent, when Mrs. Voorhees suddenly appears out of nowhere and begins to tell the story of what happened to that \u201cpoor boy\u201d, it is easy to assume that she is responsible for the carnage, or at least, that she is involved to a certain degree. Up until this point, we had never seen her before throughout the entire film, so why is she popping out now? There are no other supporting characters left to blame for the murders and Mrs. Voorhees shows up the exact moment when things got really ugly? What could she be doing at Camp Crystal Lake in the middle of the night, other than murdering boys and girls? Of course, our final girl, even though she is not unintelligent, seems to be somewhat oblivious of what is really happening and this is what makes up want to scream \u201cGet out of there!\u201d. Mrs. Voorhees is basically explaining the whole story to the audience, but at the same time, she is subtly revealing herself as the killer, before going into a weird trance, in which she starts talking as if she is possessed by Jason, her own son, who drowned at the lake (I always considered this like a switched version of Norman Bates and his mother). \r\n\r\nAs mentioned before, the acting in this final confrontation is not exactly brilliant and the audience ends up getting more than they probably needed to understand the story, since Mrs. Voorhees\u2019 monologue basically goes into detail of what happened, just to make sure we get it right (just like when they make sure that we understand that Ralph is a crazy old man, by calling him \u201cCrazy Ralph\u201d). Regardless of the over the top acting and the spoon-feeding to the audience, the confrontation is full of tension, and it is still considered one of the most memorable \u201ckiller reveal\u201d moments in the history of horror for a good reason."}, {"pseudo": "inaneswine", "content": "Some films benefit with time, maturing and holding a nostalgic charm. Others rot like a bad apple, like _Friday the 13th_. Perhaps I had to be alive in 1980 to actually appreciate this one, but it is really not as groundbreaking as some people like to think it is, rather another spin on films like _Psycho_ and _Halloween_, minus the budget. And the acting."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Certainly not the first slasher movie, but arguably the most influential.\r\n\r\nThis original film stands alongside _Part V: A New Beginning_ as the only two movies in a 12 film long franchise where they play the killer as a mystery, I think that premise would wear thin had they tried it every go around, but here it is executed, if not masterfully, at least to the film's benefit. _Friday the 13th_ is a movie I'll watch at least once a year, ever since I first saw it in the early 2000s. Maybe it's not the best movie ever, or even the best slasher movie ever, Hell, maybe it's not even the best Friday the 13th movie ever, but the fact that I'm not sick of it yet has to count for something.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [9725, 9728, 9730, 9731]}