{"tmdb_id": 44890, "title": "Les Hommes-grenouilles", "original_title": "The Frogmen", "slug_title": "les-hommes-grenouilles", "date": "1951-01-25", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Durant la deuxi\u00e8me guerre mondiale, un commando d'hommes-grenouilles est sp\u00e9cialement form\u00e9 pour une mission p\u00e9rilleuse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p2RQNndtUUsb8x0qBrXD8Xz8Nfz.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Widmark (Lt. Cmdr. John Lawrence)", "Robert Wagner (Lt. (jg) Franklin)", "Dana Andrews (Jake Flannigan)", "Gary Merrill (Lt. Cmdr. Pete Vincent)", "Jeffrey Hunter (Pappy Creighton)", "Warren Stevens (Hodges)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Frogs Abound In WWII.\r\n\r\nDirected by Lloyd Bacon and starring Richard Widmark, Dana Andrews, Gary Merrill, Jeffrey Hunter and Robert Wagner. Plot finds Widmark as a strict disciplinarian who takes command of the Navy Underwater Demolition Team and quickly upsets the men with his forceful ways. With the team building up to a crucial mission the question is if the men and commander can find an accord for the war effort?\r\n\r\nLike the men at the film\u2019s heart, this is a sturdy war film that\u2019s for those who don\u2019t mind the focus being more on characterisations than action. The sets and construction of certain scenes show their age, but the underwater filming is neat and the strong cast keep the viewer engaged enough till the big mission arrives. Not essential war film buff viewing, but a decent time waster at least. 5.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31465, 43701, 42201, 26805], "youtube_key": "notfound"}