{"tmdb_id": 448916, "title": "2036 Origine inconnue", "original_title": "2036 Origin Unknown", "slug_title": "2036-origine-inconnue", "date": "2018-06-08", "genre": "Science-Fiction", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s que la premi\u00e8re mission habit\u00e9e vers Mars se termine dans un accident mortel, le contr\u00f4leur de mission Mackenzie \u2018Mack\u2019 Wilson assiste un syst\u00e8me d\u2019intelligence artificielle, A.R.T.I. Leur enqu\u00eate d\u00e9couvre un objet myst\u00e9rieux sous la surface de Mars, qui pourrait changer le futur de notre plan\u00e8te tel que nous le connaissons.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v3StJTYXbU3OZ26Vh1PbczqfyCD.jpg", "actors": ["Katee Sackhoff (Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson)", "Ray Fearon (Sterling Brooks)", "Julie Cox (Lena Sullivan)", "Steven Cree (ARTi (voice))", "Noush Skaugen (Jill Valentine (voice))", "Joe David Walters (Jake Wilson (voice))", "David Tse (Jian Lin (voice))", "Neil Robertson (Security Officer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Key-Si", "content": "Only one year after \"The Beyond\", director Hasraf Dulull releases his next take on the Sci-Fi genre in form of \"2036 Origin Unknown\". And once again we get a movie that is quite boring. Even more than \"The Beyond\". For pretty much the entire runtime Katee Sackhoff (who is mostly known for the lesbian merc who wanted to get laid by Riddick...) is alone in one room, communicating with the A.I. system of the ship or her character's sister via a monitor. And here we get the main problem. Let's face it, Katee Sackhoff is not a Tom Hanks kind of actress, to pull this off properly and you feel that very early on in the movie. She does a decent job working with what she is given, but in the end this movie is very monotone and yes, boring. On top you do get some shots from \"Mars\", but nothing that even get's close to look good at all. If you are looking for that, watch \"The Martian\". \"2036 Origin Unknown\" doesn't feel terrible or unwatchable, it just feels like a waste of time. Even for hardcore Sci-Fi fans."}, {"pseudo": "ausher8", "content": "It starts out very strong and does fall apart by the end, but it's still worth watching if you're into sci-fi. Don't expect everything to be bluntly explained."}], "recommandations_id": [535280, 551554, 526475, 388994]}