{"tmdb_id": 448988, "title": "Smoking Guns", "original_title": "Smoking Guns", "slug_title": "smoking-guns", "date": "2016-06-24", "genre": ["Drame / Crime / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Vendredi apr\u00e8s-midi dans le Nord de Londres, Jack fait un dernier pari au bookies. Il mise tout sur une triple victoire. Au mieux un pari risqu\u00e9, mais si son cheval gagne les trois courses, Jack et ses amis empocheront une petite fortune. Contre toutes probabilit\u00e9s, lorsque la chance semble finalement tourner en sa faveur, cela \u00e9veille soudain un int\u00e9r\u00eat particulier pour son ticket. Jack doit faire tout ce qui est en son pouvoir pour le conserver afin de revendiquer l\u00e9gitimement ses gains", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bMciPw4bLtdFtUaTwMoeXCfcYFk.jpg", "actors": ["Tommy O'Neill (Jack Cameron)", "Daniel Caltagirone (Richard Holt)", "Andreas Karras (Yiannis Papas)", "Dexter Fletcher (Paul McVeigh)", "Jamie Crew (Ian Fairbarn)", "Jamie Crew (Ian Fairbairn)", "Ewen MacIntosh (Chris Cameron)", "Mehmet Ferda (Bektash Ali)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lucabarbosa1", "content": "Smoking Guns is a 2017 crime drama about a serial gambler on track to hit a big windfall but now has to keep the betting slip safe to collect the winnings.\r\n\r\nA film like Smoking Guns, also known as A Punters Prayer, has only one thing going for it and if it\u2019s off by even a bit, it falls apart. That\u2019s the characters, which might seem obvious right out of the barrel, but many movies can still get by on visuals and plot. With basically a single room as its setting, and a carousal of oddballs and quirky types swinging through the doors, Smoking Guns thrives on the characters that come and go. It\u2019s not for everyone, but if Londoner black comedies are your thing, and you have even a passing interest in talky guerrilla filmmaking, this one will score big.\r\n\r\nAt the local bookies, a trio of friends spend a Friday afternoon, playing the action, talking big dreams and small chances. They\u2019re led by Jack (Tommy O\u2019Neill), a steady bettor wanting out of the rat race of weekly paychecks and so bets \u00a3250 on a horse to win the treble, which means if it wins all three of its races, would bag him a fortune, though the odds are astronomical against. With him are his pals Yiannis (Andreas Karras), an older guy with a hedge-your-bets attitude, and Ian (Jamie Crew), a wee-little man with a chip on shoulder. When two of the races come in his favor, news begins to spread, and in come some seedy fellows looking to tip the winnings their way, by any means necessary.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Savvas D. Michael, Smoking Guns is a chatty film, barely taking a moment to breath as the boys wax philosophical and ponder big and small as a game of wits and luck rules the roost as Jack stands his ground on a single bet that will either save him or end him. Michael starts his story with a jarring moment that sets a terrifying tone, though is cut off by a strip of purposefully amateurish animation and then a slow burn all the way back to the start. Stylistic to a degree, the film clips along on its snappy dialogue and Michael\u2019s sharp direction, both of which give this some real crackle. While it has very little action, the sheer energy of the performances have it bristling from start to finish.\r\n\r\nSmoking Guns\r\nSmoking Guns, 2017 \u00a9 Liontari Pictures\r\nThat begins with O\u2019Neill, who is electrifying throughout, the singular stable mate in the bunch, determined and convinced in his luck and the guiding hand of his newfound faith, twisted as it is. Equally good is Crew, who takes the tropes of the scrappy underling and pumps him full of genuine emotional punch. The film itself does a sublime job of convincing you it\u2019s a comedy until it swings \u2019round like hurricane and knocks flat any and all your expectations, with a truly disturbing and ambiguous end that will leave you debating what happens behind a closed door.\r\n\r\nSmoking Guns is an odd film to be sure, but in the best possible way. Taking its influences to heart, it feels larger than it is and while not everyone is going to be on board with the style choices and rapid-fire pace, it earns its wings easily enough and is well worth a look."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "WN8IJ5lcL74"}