{"tmdb_id": 44902, "title": "Des pas dans le brouillard", "original_title": "Footsteps in the Fog", "slug_title": "des-pas-dans-le-brouillard", "date": "1955-09-14", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Stephen a empoisonn\u00e9 sa femme et joue les inconsolables. Seule Elisabeth, sa servante, n'est pas dupe. Elle le fait chanter pour devenir la maitresse de la maison. Il tente de la tuer mais se trompe dans le brouillard. Il s'empoisonne pour faire croire \u00e0 un double meurtre de sa servante, mais absorbe trop tard son antidote.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5zlkqdFHjhHkOZMZ4tOtpjV1Z0J.jpg", "actors": ["Stewart Granger (Stephen Lowry)", "Jean Simmons (Lily Watkins)", "Bill Travers (David Macdonald)", "Belinda Lee (Elizabeth Travers)", "Ronald Squire (Alfred Travers)", "Finlay Currie (Inspector Peters)", "William Hartnell (Herbert Moresby)", "Frederick Leister (Dr. Simpson)", "Percy Marmont (Magistrate)", "Marjorie Rhodes (Mrs. Park)", "Peter Bull (Brasher)", "Barry Keegan (Constable Burke)", "Sheila Manahan (Rose Moresby)", "Norman Macowan (Grimes (as Norman Macowan))", "Cameron Hall (Corcoran)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Interruption.\r\n\r\nFootsteps in the Fog is directed by Arthur Lubin and collectively written and adapted by Lenore J. Coffee, Dorothy Davenport & Arthur Pierson. It is based on the short story, The Interruption, written by Gothic novelist W. W. Jacobs. It stars Stewart Granger, Jean Simmons, Bill Travers, Belinda Lee and Ronald Squire. Music is by Benjamin Frankel and Technicolor cinematography by Christopher Challis.\r\n\r\nStephen Lowry (Granger) is found by the house maid, Lily Watkins (Simmons), to have poisoned his wife. She promptly uses the information to blackmail Lowry. But with an attraction there they begin to have a relationship, however, motives and means are far from clear...\r\n\r\nA darn cracker of an Edwardian thriller that's redolent with Gothic atmosphere and film noir tints, Footsteps in the Fog also features nifty story telling that's acted considerably well by the then husband and wife team of Granger & Simmons. The plot features murder, betrayal and dangerous love, with warped psychology the order of the day, all done up splendidly in Technicolor by Powell & Pressburger's favourite cinematographer, Challis. Characterisations are deliberately perverse, Lily knows Stephen is a murderer, but is not afraid of him, she loves him on the terms of love that only she understands. Stephen is a dastard, dangerously so, but he's not beyond remorse either, and shows it. Both homme and femme are connivers, a recipe for disaster. These facts mark this particular coupling out as one of the most skew whiff in 50s thrillers. And thankfully when the denouement comes, it's a kicker, a real throat grabber that perfectly crowns this deliciously crafty picture. Support comes from a number of established British thespians like William Hartnel, Finlay Currie and Ronald Squire, while the art department have come up trumps for the period design. All told it's a film deserving of a bigger audience and easily recommended to classic melodrama/thriller fans. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74759, 83781, 54392, 25564], "youtube_key": "X5GRGFoVezs"}