{"tmdb_id": 449004, "title": "Thank You", "original_title": "Thank You", "slug_title": "thank-you", "date": "1925-10-05", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Young Kenneth Jamieson's millionaire father, fed up with his son's wild escapades, sends him to stay on a chicken farm in the small village of Dedham. On the day he arrives there pretty Diane Lee, the niece of local Rev. David Lee, arrives from Paris. A few days later Kenneth, reverting back to his wild ways, gets drunk and makes a spectacle of himself, but rather than reproving him, Rev. Lee gives him a heart-to-heart talk and gets Kenneth to turn his life around. Meanwhile, the reverend--barely able to get by on the pittance the local vestrymen pay him--asks for a raise but is denied it, being told that he must send Diane away before they'll even consider giving him any extra money. Soon afterward Kenneth falls gravely ill. His father, hearing of Kenneth's condition and of his infatuation with Diane, arrives at the village to see his son and isn't ready for what he finds.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Alec B. Francis (David Lee)", "Jacqueline Logan (Diane Lee)", "George O'Brien (Kenneth Jamieson)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Andy)", "George Fawcett (Cornelius Jamieson)", "Cyril Chadwick (Mr Jones)", "Edith Bostwick (Mrs Jones)", "Marion Harlan (Milly Jones)", "Vivia Ogden (Miss Blodgett)", "James Neill (Doctor Cobb)", "Billy Rinaldi (Sweet, Jr.)", "Aileen Manning (Hannah)", "Maurice Murphy (Willie Jones)", "Robert Milasch (Sweet, Sr.)", "Ida Moore (Gossiping Woman)", "Frankie Bailey (Gossiping Man)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}