{"tmdb_id": 44945, "title": "Trust", "original_title": "Trust", "slug_title": "trust", "date": "2010-09-10", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Une famille se retrouve d\u00e9munie quand leur fille adolescente devient la victime d'un pr\u00e9dateur sexuel sur internet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mY6LQ6KFtCThhyg6z5MU6nnLFuF.jpg", "actors": ["Clive Owen (William \"Will\" Cameron)", "Catherine Keener (Lynn Cameron)", "Liana Liberato (Annie Cameron)", "Jason Clarke (FBI Agent Doug Tate)", "Viola Davis (Gail Friedman)", "Chris Henry Coffey (Mr. Weston)", "Spencer Curnutt (Peter Cameron)", "Aislinn DeButch (Katie Cameron)", "Noah Emmerich (Al Hart)", "Olivia Wickline (Louise)", "Zoe Levin (Brittany)", "Zanny Laird (Serena Edmonds)", "Yolanda Mendoza (Tanya)", "Shenell Randall (Alexa)", "Jordan Trovillion (Waitress)", "Brandon Molale (Volleyball Coach)", "Inga R. Wilson (Aunt Nicole)", "Jennifer Kincer (Charlie's Mother)", "Milica Govich (Ms. Worley)", "Sarab Kamoo (Officer Gomez)", "Lise Lacasse (Passing Nurse)", "Joseph Sikora (Rob Moscone)", "Laura Niemi (Susanna)", "Garrett Ryan (Marcus Weston)", "Noah Crawford (Tyler Martel)", "Jamal Johnson (FBI Agent)", "Robert Axelrod (Gun Salesman)", "Anthonia Kitchen (Forensic Nurse)", "Marty Bufalini (Grandpa Cal)", "Ruth Crawford (Grandma Susan)", "Tristan Peach (Charlie)", "Wallace Bridges (Security Officer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "forsakeme4all", "content": "I don't know if this movie was trying convey an important message, but I believe it did just that. It was moving and it had a point. I also helped me see how clueless some young teenagers can be to some of the dangers in the world. The story was also well written. I gave this movie 4 stars, It is a must watch. The only reason I give 4 stars is because it's not like it's a blockbuster hit or anything of that nature if that is what you are looking for. But, it is a good movie just that same. Make's me think of that movie Doubt; but that movie was more of 5 star rating over this movie."}], "recommandations_id": [65760, 7304, 9692, 4959]}