{"tmdb_id": 449443, "title": "Criminal Squad", "original_title": "Den of Thieves", "slug_title": "criminal-squad", "date": "2018-01-18", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un c\u00e9l\u00e8bre groupe de braqueurs de banques d\u00e9cide de s'attaquer \u00e0 la R\u00e9serve F\u00e9d\u00e9rale de Los Angeles sous le nez des autorit\u00e9s locales.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AfybH6GbGFw1F9bcETe2yu25mIE.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (Nick Flanagan)", "Pablo Schreiber (Merrimen)", "Dawn Olivieri (Debbie)", "O'Shea Jackson Jr. (Donnie)", "50 Cent (Levi Enson)", "Evan Jones (Bosco)", "Cooper Andrews (Mack)", "Maurice Compte (Borracho)", "Kaiwi Lyman (Tony Z Zapata)", "Mo McRae (Gus Henderson)", "Meadow Williams (Holly)", "Eric Braeden (Ziggy Zerhusen)", "Brian Van Holt (Murph)", "Max Holloway (Bas)", "Jay Dobyns (Wolfgang)", "Steve Eifert (Bank hostage)", "Elle Whitfield (McKenna Flanagan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "chadrico", "content": "Great Movie! Loved the plot and the twist. Tense throughout. Glimps of The Usual Suspect\r\nAll star cast. Must watch"}, {"pseudo": "Tauseef Ashraf", "content": "Den of Thieves is a heist/caper film with a running time of 140 minutes. The movie gives tribute to classic crime thriller movies, including Heat (1995) and The usual suspects (1995). \r\n\r\nDen of Thieves is the directorial debut of Christian Gudegast, he also co-wrote the script and produced the film. The film features fast paced action sequences. Both the videography and sound of the film were very good. The acting and the plot twist was also good but the film contained some plot holes, some deficiencies in the writing. \r\n\r\nFinal verdict: 6.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "For a movie that's basically just _Heat_, _Heat_ this ain't.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [395990, 399035, 400535, 347375], "youtube_key": "HusPt_1-qto"}