{"tmdb_id": 449535, "title": "Dead Shack", "original_title": "Dead Shack", "slug_title": "dead-shack", "date": "2017-07-02", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "La dure \u00e0 cuire Summer, son baveux de petit fr\u00e8re Colin et sa chiffe molle de meilleur ami se retrouvent dans un chalet au fond des bois quand le p\u00e8re des deux premiers et sa copine d\u00e9cident de leur offrir une escapade pas ch\u00e8re. Pendant que les adultes se saoulent la gueule, les enfants partent explorer la for\u00eat et tombent sur une maison d\u00e9glingu\u00e9e o\u00f9 ils surprennent La Voisine en train de servir \u00e0 sa nich\u00e9e affam\u00e9e deux p\u00e9quenauds du coin. Lorsqu\u2019elle d\u00e9couvre les intrus, ils deviennent le prochain plat sur le menu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dAYhnAAoQvyNcsnh5k03GWVwixZ.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Nelson-Mahood (Jason)", "Lizzie Boys (Summer)", "Gabriel LaBelle (Colin)", "Lauren Holly (Neighbor)", "Donavon Stinson (Roger)", "Valerie Tian (Lisa)", "Taylor St. Pierre (Blonde)", "Bryan Demour (Brown)", "Raphael Kepinski (The Husband)", "Sean Robert Maclean (Man)", "June B. Wilde (Waitress)", "Hannah Burr (The Daughter)", "Cameron Alexander Andres (The Son)", "Angela Lee (Diner Mother)", "Nicole Lee (Diner Daughter #1)", "Ava Lee (Diner Daughter #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Suspension of disbelief? Never heard of it! But I still managed to have a good time with _Dead Shack_, and that's worth more to me than something as mundane as quality.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "**Fun little Canadian campy horror film**\r\n\r\nI went into this film totally blind, and really didn't know what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised at this tightly paced and amusing horror comedy.  \r\n\r\nA trashy family along with the son's best friend go on a holiday to a cabin in the woods, and accidentally stumble on some nefarious dealings at the neighbours house.\r\n\r\nThe young actors were great, the totally inappropriate father character stole every scene he was in.  The humour for the most part is crude and juvenile, but in a way that totally works and it mostly hits the mark.  Sure characters do stupid things (as they always do in horror films), but you can forgive them because they are either drunk or in their early teens.  \r\n\r\nThis film is not going to win any awards, but it is not aiming to.  It is a B Movie and proud of it.  Fun, campy, tongue in cheek, with enough well shot scenes to keep you entertained.  \r\n\r\nFor fans of Trailer Park Boys and Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [434520, 441766, 430450, 545957], "youtube_key": "ScahXsAiTjs"}