{"tmdb_id": 449700, "title": "My Pet Dinosaur", "original_title": "My Pet Dinosaur", "slug_title": "my-pet-dinosaur", "date": "2017-04-22", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Familial / Fantastique", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Une exp\u00e9rience militaire biologique rat\u00e9e donne vie \u00e0 une adorable cr\u00e9ature. Cette derni\u00e8re est alors d\u00e9couverte par un gar\u00e7on qui a r\u00e9cemment perdu son p\u00e8re. La cr\u00e9ature se d\u00e9veloppe rapidement et cr\u00e9e un v\u00e9ritable chaos dans la ville alors que les militaires cherchent par tous les moyens \u00e0 la r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer... Le jeune gar\u00e7on et ses amis vont alors s'allier pour sauver le nouvel ami dinosaure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o2VuO1XKl9gUYyPW3oJEYwkiRYt.jpg", "actors": ["Joanne Samuel (Doris Mercher)", "David Roberts (Doctor)", "Tiriel Mora (Trevor Brown)", "Sam Winspear-Schillings (Max Merriman)", "Annabel Wolf (Abbey Tansy)", "Darius Williams-Watt (Jimmy Jonas)", "Beth Champion (Jennifer Emory)", "Tom Rooney (Charles Altman)", "Christopher Gabardi (Fred Tansy)", "Scott Irwin (Officer Alan Farraday)", "Stephen Davis (Will Spencer)", "Meghan Drummond (Waitress)", "Aaron Bonham (Military Personnel)", "Jordan Dulieu (Jake Emory)", "Rowland Holmes (Col. Roderick)", "Harrison Saunders (Mike Emory)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story that has been told a thousand times before this!**\r\n\r\nThere are lots of low rated Aussie films, this is definitely not one of them. I thought it was deliberately bashed, but after watching it, I realised it's not any good and deserved those remarks. With such production, they should have come up with a nice storyline. Visually, it was okay-okay kind, but the story, the filmmakers are lucky that no one sued them for copying it from other flicks.\r\n\r\nKids with bikes, a science experiment gone wrong, annoying brother and mom's new boyfriend, A new girl in the town, it was everything you have already seen. All the above, that army general was insanely bad. Why did not they get a decent actor for that important role! Performances of those soldiers were even worse, very bad than a television film made for little kids.\r\n\r\nA young kid discovers a baby dinosaur in his room, that might have come from the chemical reaction from the materials he and his gang got while exploring the woods nearby. He finds hard to hide instantly growing this unknown species, especially from the army who are sweeping the town. Where the story heads and ends are the rest of the film with some adventures.\r\n\r\nThe kids were good, but not the rest. As I said the story was the worst thing happened to it. The film failed to give a proper answer to all the puzzle at the end. It's worth a watch only if you haven't seen many films in your life. But that's impossible among the majority. Yet I believe the children might enjoy it. However, I suggest films like 'ET', 'Earth to Echo', Goonies' many more over this one anytime.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [409582, 485296, 347872]}