{"tmdb_id": 449980, "title": "Hollywood Babylon", "original_title": "Hollywood Babylon", "slug_title": "hollywood-babylon", "date": "2014-04-30", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ambitious, slightly twisted pornographer Dana Vespoli presents \u201cHollywood Babylon,\u201d a real movie with sophisticated production values and a sinister mystery story framing intense, kinky sex scenes. Voluptuous Sovereign Syre plays an aspiring actress being chewed up by the film industry\u2019s brutally self-serving players. James Deen is a ruthless producer; Steven St. Croix is creepy even by the standards of plastic surgeons. Sovereign bounces from Deen\u2019s casting couch to a freaky \u201cfamily\u201d relationship with St. Croix and Dana DeArmond (as the good doctor\u2019s wicked wife). She joins Ramon Nomar and stunning Italian beauty Valentina Nappi in a lewd threesome and gets down with Ryan Driller on the beach. All this leads to a nasty, climactic orgy in which James thoroughly manhandles and sodomizes Ms. DeArmond, who joins cigar-puffing St. Croix in dominating and abusing our heroine. Wrapping around the scenes are eerie clues to a mystery unfolding around some unusual usual suspects.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p75ihI6nbjkhucCV1yYrj4LP2Vo.jpg", "actors": ["Sovereign Syre (Nomi Del Mar)", "Dana DeArmond (Karen Wisher)", "Valentina Nappi (Valentina Perez)", "Dana Vespoli (Nurse)", "James Deen (Gregory Todd)", "Steven St. Croix (Dr. Wisher)", "Ryan Driller (Tab Clifford)", "Michael Vegas (Monty Francis)", "Ramon Nomar (Dr. Perez)", "JM Darling (Detective Monroe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}