{"tmdb_id": 450496, "title": "8 Thottakkal", "original_title": "8 \u0ba4\u0bcb\u0b9f\u0bcd\u0b9f\u0bbe\u0b95\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bb3\u0bcd", "slug_title": "8-thottakkal", "date": "2017-04-07", "genre": ["Thriller / Action / Crime"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A cop\u2019s pistol gets stolen and even as the search for it gets underway, it ends up in the hands of someone who uses it to rob a bank.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3pGHKLYVj8QTcDFgvrHIRJAnneU.jpg", "actors": ["Vetri (Sathya)", "Aparna Balamurali (Meera Vasudevan)", "Meera Mitun (Maha)", "M. S. Bhaskar (Krishnnamurthy)", "Nassar (Pandian)", "Mime Gopi (Gunasekaran)", "Charles Vinoth ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The events surrounding a lost gun!**\r\n\r\nThese days I'm comfortable with B movies in Kollywood than its other end. Creative and fresh subjects are the reasons they are succeeding. For the past couple of years I have been watching some awesome B movies and this is one of those. It was not quite great, because of borrowing some of the usual Tamil film formulas. Like the songs which were totally unblendable with the story narration. And then the love story, which is a must in Tamil films, particularly to add romance tracks which again takes us to the point one.\r\n\r\nApart from those small flaws, I liked the film. Those second string and supporting actors had their dream roles. To identify their performance, they never had such focused character in their career. I'm taking about particularly MS Bhaskar. He might have played a negative role, but it is his career best performance. I've seen him in the hundreds of blockbusters, but never like this. Then the new faces, they were not bad. But in some places, it is easy to recognise their inexperience, especially while delivering the lines and expressions. While watching the film, you should stop counting the bullets as I did, because that's not how it goes. It has a different explanation for the title.\r\n\r\nThe film was about an orphan boy who was wrongly accused of a crime and then after he grew up, he became a police officer. I didn't know, a crime offender can become a police. Anyway, he's so innocent for the job. Meets a girl and while his life was going smoothly, he becomes terrified when he loses the department gun. Following the event, he closely investigates the bank robbery which could be linked to his lost gun. So if that's true, who's behind it and how to come out of the situation comes next.\r\n\r\nVery nice storyline, but it should have been 90 minute film. An additional hour was a drag. At least how it looked when the first stage of the development came to cease. In the second half, the focus shifted to the film's negative role. All his history was briefed for our understanding. I thought that parts were intentional and leans towards the sentiments. So when it comes the finale and prior to it, kind of unpredictable, yet compromise in places to knot all the threads together for a perfect conclusion. Nicely done, only keeping in the mind the native audience, but if you are into world cinema, then it is just an okay flick. Still a good film to try once, so I recommend it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [449742, 260619, 224930, 119123], "youtube_key": "gQ69ct9Ksfk"}