{"tmdb_id": 4513, "title": "30 jours de nuit", "original_title": "30 Days of Night", "slug_title": "30-jours-de-nuit", "date": "2007-10-17", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Alaska, de nos jours. Au coeur de l'hiver, les habitants de la paisible ville de Barrow s'appr\u00eatent \u00e0 passer, comme tous les ans, un mois sans soleil. \u00c0 la suite d'une s\u00e9rie d'\u00e9v\u00e8nements \u00e9tranges, Eben et Stella, les deux sh\u00e9rifs locaux, vont d\u00e9couvrir l'invraisemblable v\u00e9rit\u00e9. Un gang de vampires a investi la ville pour l'\u00e9radiquer de tous ses habitants. Eben, Stella et un petit groupe de survivants vont alors tenter de survivre jusqu'\u00e0 l'aube...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9Ux3sP2Uw6ESuUNdxe55RDCanZZ.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Hartnett (Eben Oleson)", "Melissa George (Stella Oleson)", "Ben Foster (The Stranger)", "Danny Huston (Marlow)", "Mark Boone Junior (Beau Brower)", "Craig Hall (Wilson Bulosan)", "Chic Littlewood (Isaac Bulosan)", "Manu Bennett (Billy)", "Nathaniel Lees (Carter Davies)", "Elizabeth Hawthorne (Lucy Ikos)", "Joel Tobeck (Doug Hertz)", "Kate Elliott (Dawn)", "Camille Keenan (Kirsten Toomey)", "Peter Feeney (John Riis)", "Pua Magasiva (Malekai Hamm)", "Mark Rendall (Jake Oleson)", "Amber Sainsbury (Denise)", "Megan Franich (Iris)", "Jared Turner (Aaron)", "Kelson Henderson (Gabe)", "Dayna Porter (Jeannie Colletta)", "John Wraight (Adam Colletta)", "Kate Butler (Michelle Robbins)", "Thomas Newman (Larry Robbins)", "Patrick Kake (Frank Robbins)", "Rachel Maitland-Smith (Gail Robbins)", "Min Windle (Ally Riis)", "Jack Walley (Peter Toomey)", "Elizabeth McRae (Helen Munson)", "Joe Dekkers-Reihana (Tom Melanson)", "Grant Tilly (Gus Lambert)", "John Rawls (Zurial)", "Melissa Billington (Kali)", "Jacob Tomuri (Seth)", "Kate O'Rourke (Inika)", "Ben Fransham (Heron)", "Andrew Stehlin (Arvin)", "Tim McLachlan (Archibald)", "Jarrod Martin (Edgar)", "Allan Smith (Khan)", "Aaron Cortesi (Cicero)", "Abbey-May Wakefield (Little Girl Vampire)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**The following is a long form review that I originally wrote in 2010.**\r\n\r\nA new-age, brilliant vampire movie that never got the acclaim it rightfully deserved.\r\n\r\n_30 Days of Night_ is one of the few films I like that I can never understand why other people don\u2019t. Though I do prefer other movies like _Revolver, Doomsday and Donnie Darko_ to it, with those I can always understand when people don\u2019t see in them what I do. With _30 Days of Night_, if you don\u2019t have a problem with gore, then you shouldn\u2019t have a problem with the film. And yet I have personal friends as well as people I\u2019ve heard from online who totally dig horror, gore, vampires etc. and yet don\u2019t like _30 Days of Night_, which confuses me all to Hell, let me tell you.\r\n\r\nThough I was mildly aggravated by the inconstancies in the number of vampires around, other than that I can find virtually nothing bad to say about _30 Days of Night_. Firstly you have Josh Hartnett (_The Faculty_) as Sheriff Eben, protagonist, secondly you have Danny Huston (_The Proposition_) as Marlow, leader of the vampires, who attack Alaska during the winter period of 30 days without sun (which in and of itself is an awesome concept, and thirdly there\u2019s Ben Foster (_Pandorum_) as the vampire\u2019s human lapdog, all of whom are personal favourites of mine. That\u2019s not even mentioning the fact that Eben\u2019s wife is played by Australian Melissa George (_Triangle_), who was born in my hometown, so even if she wasn\u2019t a great actor, she\u2019d get auto-points.\r\n\r\nBasically every point in which _30 Days of Night_ differentiates from the comic it\u2019s based on is an improvement to the story, which is (gasp, shock, horror) a mildly realistic Vampire film. God forbid. I love the vampires in this. Though they\u2019re not quite as sexy and well-dressed as they are in _Underworld _or as demonic as they are in _Buffy the Vampire Slayer_, they bring a totally new brutality to the vampire class. They wear what you\u2019d expect late 30-ish people living in 2007 to wear, they\u2019re stronger than the average human, but not impossibly so, they hunt in packs and give off bloodcurdling, atavistic shrieks (of which I give quite a good impression; sidenote) they\u2019re unrelenting an animalistic but just as intelligent as a regular person, they\u2019re quick, dark and deadly.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s no camp to be found here, not always a good thing, but in _30 Days of Night_, it is. I honestly cannot recommend this one enough, despite its intense gore and general panning, I implore you to at the very least give it a go, and decide for yourself.\r\n\r\nBoth the human survivors and the vampire invaders are there simply trying to stay alive, the vamps through their sadistic, systematic hunting of the local populace for their food-source, blood, and the people by trying to both hide, and fight back, but mostly the former. Ironically, it\u2019s the \u201chumanity\u201d of the humans that causes every one of their downfalls, while they\u2019re leached from above by a far superior race, who goes so far as to call humans a \u201cplague\u201d and invent a new language all for themselves, just so as to not have to speak the same filthy way we lower-beings do (and I mean, if your choice was between that and having to put up with American-English, wouldn\u2019t you?).\r\n\r\n86%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [29427, 1562, 19901, 924]}