{"tmdb_id": 45179, "title": "Lua de Cristal", "original_title": "Lua de Cristal", "slug_title": "lua-de-cristal", "date": "1990-06-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial / Fantastique / Romance"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Maria da Gra\u00e7a is a country girl who is looking to make it in the big city. She leaves her town to live with some relatives at the capital, but it doesnt take her long to find out that aunt Zuleika is a real bad witch, as well as cousin Cidinha. Cousin Mauricinho seems friendly enough, even flirtatious, but his motives are less than sincere. While trying to deal with aunt Zuleika and her kids, Maria da Gra\u00e7a meets a girl neighbour, Duda, who shows her the ropes of getting along in the dangerous city. She also makes friends with Bob, who provides her with great support right when she needs it. Bob is a bit clumsy, but hes the one who manage do find a job for Maria da Gra\u00e7a. Now that she is working, Maria da Gra\u00e7a can finally start taking singing lessons as she always dreamt of. Things start to look brighter, but theres only one problem: Mauricinho. The guy gets more and more obsessed with his cousin as she shuns him off, and ends up deciding to kidnap Maria da Gra\u00e7a.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hhIOeCBNi3ihyjeJnpHkSp4b6zj.jpg", "actors": ["Xuxa Meneghel (Maria da Gra\u00e7a)", "S\u00e9rgio Mallandro (B\u00f3bi)", "Marilu Bueno (Zuleika)", "J\u00falia Lemmertz (Lidinha)", "Avelar Love (Mauricinho)", "Duda Little (Maria \"Duda\" Eduarda)", "Leina Krespi (Cotinha)", "Cl\u00e1udio Mamberti (Seu Bart\u00f4)", "Rubens Correia (Prof. Uirapuru)", "Thelma Reston (Dona Rolinha)", "C\u00e1tia Paganote (C\u00e1tia)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [70817, 123571, 146541, 128449], "youtube_key": "YMuzIO1EihU"}