{"tmdb_id": 45184, "title": "Madame Bovary", "original_title": "Madame Bovary", "slug_title": "madame-bovary", "date": "1949-08-25", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Une femme ayant fait un mariage malheureux avec un triste et pitoyable m\u00e9decin de campagne r\u00eave d'amours romantiques.\r Gustave Flaubert, auteur de \"Madame Bovary\", oeuvre jug\u00e9e immorale, raconte son roman devant un tribunal : Emma Rouault, d'une nature ardente et d'une \u00e9blouissante beaut\u00e9, \u00e9pouse le petit m\u00e9decin de campagne, Charles Bovary. Elle se lasse vite de la monotonie d'une vie sans \u00e9clat. Un b\u00e9b\u00e9 survient, mais rien ne change. Emma devient la ma\u00eetresse de Rodolphe Boulanger, un jeune aristocrate, puis de L\u00e9on Dupuis...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vQk38nT9QxptJrEXwjCSKe5oasE.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Jones (Emma Bovary)", "James Mason (Gustave Flaubert)", "Van Heflin (Charles Bovary)", "Louis Jourdan (Rodolphe Boulanger)", "Alf Kjellin (Leon Dupuis)", "Gene Lockhart (J. Homais)", "Frank Allenby (Lheureux)", "Gladys Cooper (Madame Dupuis)", "John Abbott (Mayor Tuvache)", "Harry Morgan (Hyppolite)", "George Zucco (Dubocage)", "Ellen Corby (F\u00e9licit\u00e9)", "Eduard Franz (Rouault)", "Henri Letondal (Guillaumin)", "Esther Somers (Madame Lefran\u00e7ois)", "Paul Cavanagh (Marquis D'Andervilliers)", "Frederic Tozere (Pinard)", "Larry Sims (Justin)", "Dawn Kinney (Berthe)", "Vernon Steele (Priest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Do you know, Charles, why that clock strikes? To announce the death of another hour.\r\n\r\nMadame Bovary is directed by Vincente Minnelli and adapted to screenplay by Robert Ardrey from the Gustave Flaubert novel. It stars Jennifer Jones,  Van Heflin, Louis Jourdan, Alf Kjellin, Gene Lockhart and James Mason. Music is by Mikl\u00f3s R\u00f3zsa and cinematography by Robert H. Planck.\r\n\r\nIt's most interesting now watching Minnelli's picture and being able to place it in the time it was made. Also of major interest is reading up on what the critics of the time had to say about it. This version is an undoubted lesson in the technical crafts of film making, the visuals, the sound, art design, costuming and a literary pumped screenplay that allows the cast to play it classical. It's also black hearted, perfectly in keeping with the gathering storm of the era that was film noir.\r\n\r\nHere is the monster.\r\n\r\nSome of the complaints about the film, to me anyway, just don't add up. Why do we need to care about anyone in this story? It's a dark tale of illicit passions, greed, betrayals, bad parenting and etc. Is this frowned upon in some circles because of love for the classic novel? Or because there's some esteem held for other versions? The criticism of Jones is also very suspect given it's a classic femme fatale performance, Emma is cold and driven and shallow to others feelings, Jones works it perfectly.\r\n\r\nAs R\u00f3zsa's beautiful lush and poignant musical arrangements drift and hover over the various story instalments, Minnelli brings the film making guile. His camera work is sublime, like a ghost moving about the characters for the more vibrant scenes, tracking and roving, dizzyingly beautiful. At others it's close and personal, imbuing Emma's claustrophobia, with the black and white contrasts superbly photographed by Planck.\r\n\r\nSo it doesn't capture the essence of Flaubert's intent, then? Emma Bovary a figure of hate instead of sympathy, the lack of a caustic aside on a society of double standards? So what! Outstanding film making is just that, especially when it can tune into a style of film making prevalent at its birth. Madame Bovary - maybe the most film noir movie not actually considered a film noir. Brilliant. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [82101, 43440, 52278, 42815]}