{"tmdb_id": 452068, "title": "Drone", "original_title": "Drone", "slug_title": "drone", "date": "2017-05-26", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Un pilote de drone de haut niveau partage sa vie entre ses missions et sa vie de famille en banlieue, jusqu'\u00e0 ce qu'une fuite fasse de lui la cible d'un homme d'affaires pakistanais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o1Zp7DBOkxDhGCg6fXhuaFaFwsN.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Bean (Neil)", "Mary McCormack (Ellen)", "Joel David Moore (Gary)", "Patrick Sabongui (Imir)", "Sharon Taylor (Agent Jenkins)", "Kirby Morrow (Dave)", "Bradley Stryker (Ted)", "Kevin O'Grady (Father)", "John Emmet Tracy (Daniel Winters)", "Maxwell Haynes (Shane)", "Cary Alexander (Max)", "Corina Akeson (Mrs. Havers)", "Becky Hachey (Reporter)", "Peter Dwerryhouse (Ernie)", "Elissa Ciullo (HR Lawyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**For a right action, given a wrong message!**\r\n\r\nAnother terrorism sympathiser film. This is a second film to I watch which highlighted evil wins over good. That too coming from a nation like Canada is a bad example. The other film was 'The Wall'. There should be no mercy on terrorism and pisslam. If the characters, geographically altered to another continent, then it would have been a nice thriller with a message. The tagline was worst. You can't choose wisely, because there's no good terrorism and bad terrorism.\r\n\r\nAnyhow, Seasn Bean was good. Except the opening, it is a one day event film and most of the film take place in a house. The film was one sided perspective. Hence it gave a wrong message! I don't know why some filmmaker set to give people wrong information. It's only nurturing evil over good. This film could set a box office record in the middle-east, but not in the good part of the world. Easily a skippable film of the year, decade and forever.\r\n\r\n_1/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [390051, 433630, 413762, 479475]}