{"tmdb_id": 452151, "title": "Internees of Kampili", "original_title": "\u767d\u3044\u808c\u3068\u9ec4\u8272\u3044\u968a\u9577", "slug_title": "internees-of-kampili", "date": "1960-09-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the autumn of 1945, Petty Officer Tadashi Yamaji is among the numerous war crimes suspects facing death on the gallows for maltreatment of Allied women and children interned in camp Kampili. Kampili is located some ten kilometers outside Macassar on the island of Celebes. Eighteen-hundred Allied women and children were interned for the duration of the war. Yamaji's iron rule for camp administration is : No violence; hands off internees; He also endeavors to establish self-administration by internees while aiming at a self-supporting camp economy within six months. His ingenuity gains the camp numerous pigs to enrich their diet, and sewing machines with to make fatigue uniforms for the military. The internees are grateful for what little aid he can give them. As the tides of war changes, Allied planes bomb the camp in error. But the surrender of Japan changes everything, and the internees join forces to save their former camp commander from the gallows.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bJDDvWFRcGu4twwyuNpeF8AeLpQ.jpg", "actors": ["Minoru Oki (Tadashi Yamaji)", "Naoki Sugiura (Commander Akihara)", "Shinji Takano (Lieutenant Ohta)", "Keiko Kuni (Chiyoko)", "Kinz\u00f4 Shin (Lawyer Takakuwa)", "Ky\u00fb Sazanka (Commander Matsushita)", "Tatsuo Nagai ()", "Taiji Tonoyama ()", "Yoshito Yamaji ()", "Ry\u00f4hei Uchida ()", "Chish\u016b Ry\u016b (Vice-Admiral Shibata)", "Lea Smith (Mrs. Russell)", "Elise Richter (Mrs. Doorn)", "Jere Cosby (Mrs. Joustra)", "Judith Binns (Miss Marietta)", "Virgil Harton (Foreign public prosecutor)", "Barbara Wilson (Governor's Wife)", "Harold Conway (Foreign presiding judge)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}