{"tmdb_id": 45231, "title": "The Confidant", "original_title": "The Confidant", "slug_title": "the-confidant", "date": "2010-08-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Thriller"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "The feature weaves an intricate tale about childhood best-friends that have an unusually strong bond and a more intriguing secret. Both young men are on the right path to promising futures, a first round NFL draft pick, and a talented art major on a full scholarship. A complicated web of lies, gambling, murder and a pact between friends sends an innocent friend to prison and the other to fame. After spending eleven years in prison, the innocent comes to collect a debt and is determined to have the life he was promised... by any means necessary.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4QF0jdXP8BI47GqqfG3aP2gLhdF.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Kodjoe (Nigel Patterson)", "David Banner (Daniel Jackson)", "Kenya Moore (Eden Patterson)", "Richard Roundtree (Claude)", "Bai Ling (Black)", "Billy Zane (Monty)", "Camila Alves (Yuri)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Salt-and-Limes", "content": "**Spoilers Ahead:**\r\n\r\nWhat a disappointment! I never thought that it would be possible to make a boring film, starring Boris Kodjoe and Kenya Moore. How could they possibly go wrong with those 2 as the leads? I wasn't expecting this to be Academy Award material. I knew this would be a B-movie. I just wasn't expecting it to be dry and lacking in suspense. All the actors were wasted, and that's a shame. Billy Zane, Bai Ling, and Boris Kodjoe are such good actors.\r\n\r\nThe plot made no sense, whatsoever. Why would you willing go to jail for something you didn't do? There were also so many things that were unintentionally funny.\r\n\r\nThis movie is the ghetto version of \"The Hand that Rocks the Cradle,\" or at least it's trying to be.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nIf you want a guilty pleasure, sexy story, then pass on this. If you\r\n\r\n\r\nwant something to help you fall asleep, then rent it."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Q2iG1wjIUhE"}