{"tmdb_id": 452470, "title": "Jack's Playground 33", "original_title": "Jack's Playground 33", "slug_title": "jack-s-playground-33", "date": "2007-01-04", "genre": [""], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Jack's Playground 33, features Digital Playground's one and only insatiable and sexy Devon. She's eager to make the music video cut and demonstrates her distinct talents on Scott Nails' throbbing cock. She has mastered the corkscrew and just about every other blowjob technique ever invented; Scott gives her his vote as he fucks her beautiful face. Jerry, on the other hand, is pushing for Devaun and Renee Richards, who get together and tag team him in a delectable sex-travaganza. Tantalizing Bree and sensual Celeste Star don't want to share the camera. They let everyone get off watching them get off. Sara Stone delivers a dynamic tryst with a sloppy wet titty fuck, more than proving her worth. Before 33 wraps, Riley Mason makes herself a prime candidate by throwing some heavy lovin' into the mix. Jack's Playground 33 is a sure-fire, sensational, cum-fest. Intertwined throughout the stroke material, is plenty of entertaining \"Jack's TV!\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uBOW54TSsLRDdQv5CmdZxrbbkaG.jpg", "actors": ["Devaun Long ()", "Renee Richards ()", "Juliana Kincaid ()", "Riley Mason ()", "Sara Stone ()", "Celeste Star ()", "Devon ()", "Jerry ()", "Tommy Gunn ()", "Scott Nails ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}