{"tmdb_id": 452832, "title": "Serenity", "original_title": "Serenity", "slug_title": "serenity", "date": "2019-01-24", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Le capitaine d'un bateau de p\u00eache est confront\u00e9 \u00e0 un dilemme moral quand son ex refait surface et le supplie de tuer son mari violent.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/asawvXRMRtZmKZZ40tZQFEC1JYO.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (John Mason / Baker Dill)", "Anne Hathaway (Karen Zariakas)", "Diane Lane (Constance)", "Jason Clarke (Frank Zariakas)", "Djimon Hounsou (Duke)", "Jeremy Strong (Reid Miller)", "Charlotte Butler (Lois)", "David Butler (Jack)", "Rafael Sayegh (Patrick Zariakas)", "Robert Hobbs (Ape)", "Kenneth Fok (Lionel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nI will always respect and appreciate the will of a director/writer in trying to do something bold and bonkers. Whether that\u2019s a divisive plot twist, a double-faced character or even an unusual method of filming, it doesn\u2019t really matter, as long as it succeeds. Steven Knight delivers a story that doesn\u2019t feel right from the get-go. Everything feels strange and random, with weird dialogues and awkward hints at something underneath it all. Then, a somewhat predictable plot twist changes pretty much everything since our perspective is entirely different now. However, it sinks the movie even more and creates a whole bunch of incongruencies and plot holes.\r\n\r\nThe film wasn\u2019t near good before the twist, and it gradually transformed itself into something jaw-droppingly bad, after it. In addition to this, the final message that Steven Knight leaves the audience with, is probably one of the worst ones since The Emoji Movie. \u201cDoing the wrong things for the right reasons\u201d is always going to be a controversial statement, but in this particular case, having in mind what happens in the movie and who does it involve, it\u2019s 100% wrong and I want to believe that Knight didn\u2019t exactly want to transmit this in the way that he did.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s an intriguing and meaningful story to be told deep down in this messy screenplay. Behind all of the unnecessary exposition scenes (there\u2019s no need to describe what\u2019s happening since the twist is quite self-explanatory) and cringe-worthy dialogues, there\u2019s a well-structured narrative and an extraordinary concept to be explored. However, I have no idea what happened to the script nor the production and filming stages of the film, but I understand now why its original release date in October was postponed to the traditional January\u2019s garbage. This was supposed to be an Oscar-bait movie: an Oscar-nominated director/writer plus two Oscar-winner protagonists, in a film that seems to be more than what it actually is?  I guess the production companies saw this coming and they tried to prevent an even bigger flop. \r\n\r\nI\u2019m always the first to defend that a movie without at least \u201cgood\u201d technical attributes is rarely one of the best of the year. However, I\u2019m also the first to affirm that if a film fails to deliver a captivating story with compelling characters, there\u2019s no magnificent cinematography or mind-blowing special effects that can salvage it. Serenity doesn\u2019t even have that. Despite me feeling pleased that it was filmed in one-location and that the set design is pretty sweet, the editing is incredibly choppy. It feels like Knight had to remove several cuts in order to reduce the overlong runtime, which wasn\u2019t performed in the best way possible. There are a lot of moments where a character is facing a side, and in the next cut, the former is already facing a completely different one (this particular thing really occurs often).\r\n\r\nRegarding the characters, Baker and his son are definitely the ones that we learn more about since their connection is continuously addressed. Like I wrote above, there\u2019s a relevant story behind all of this mayhem, but I did saw (even if briefly) the light at the end of this very dark tunnel. That light is instantly consumed by the darkness as new characters or subplots start to show up, and the hollowness prevails over everything else. Jeremy Strong\u2019s character is baffling ridiculous, Diane Lane (Constance) is one of the dozens of logical reasons why the twist doesn\u2019t work, but the one who annoyed me the most didn\u2019t even show up. You spend a whole movie talking about this one person, like it is going to be a crucial subplot, and then you forget about it. You merely end the film, and it\u2019s like that character was never even mentioned\u2026 Why? Why give even more reasons for someone to leave the theater frustrated?\r\n\r\nThen, there\u2019s the tone. It\u2019s weird until the twist and weirder after it. Not even Matthew McConaughey or Anne Hathaway can save themselves from some awfully delivered lines. Nevertheless, it\u2019s the cast who saves this wreckage of being an F. McConaughey is a hell of an actor and he demonstrates his outstanding range throughout the runtime. Hathaway has less to do, and I felt that her lines were the worst, but I can\u2019t argue with her ability to deliver any emotion. Jason Clarke (Frank Zariakas) is perfect as the violent father/husband, and Djimon Hounsou (Duke) has some space to shine.\r\n\r\nIn the end, Serenity tries to go big and bold, but falls astonishingly flat. Plot holes, logical incongruencies, awful dialogues, terrible editing, hollow characters, and neglected subplots. Steven Knight had a great concept and a truly interesting thriller-mystery in his mind, but his execution is shockingly baffling, and the twist transforms everything into something way worse. The final message is the number one reason why I don\u2019t recommend anyone to see this movie, especially if you take teens or kids with you. Matthew McConaughey is good enough to avoid a total disaster, and I know that there was something incredible behind all of this horrible mess. It\u2019s probably going to end up as one of the worst films of 2019, unless we have a truly disastrous year in cinema.\r\n\r\nRating: D-"}], "recommandations_id": [561362, 399361, 438674, 511577]}