{"tmdb_id": 452963, "title": "Daughter of Don Q", "original_title": "Daughter of Don Q", "slug_title": "daughter-of-don-q", "date": "1946-06-27", "genre": ["Aventure / Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "When the unscrupulous Carlos Manning discovers that an old Spanish land grant recently unearthed will leave a huge section of California real estate to the heirs of Don Quantero, he employs Mel Donovan and his killer henchmen to murder them all. That will leave Manning as the sole heir to millions. However, Delores Quantero tumbles to this plot and enlists the aide of two-fisted reporter, Cliff Roberts to save all her relatives", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wXLraTEEsI4LktVQKjPX2pYUDFc.jpg", "actors": ["Lorna Gray (Dolores Quantero (as Adrian Booth))", "Kirk Alyn (Cliff Roberts)", "LeRoy Mason (Carlos Manning)", "Roy Barcroft (Mel Donovan)", "Claire Meade (Maria Martinez)", "Kernan Cripps (Insp. Grogan)", "Jimmy Ames (Romero (Nightclub Owner) [Chs. 3, 9])", "Eddie Parker (George Tomkins)", "Tom Steele (Kidnapper Norton / Streetsweeper Blake / MineThug Dow / BombThug Lyons [Chs. 2, 5, 7, 10])", "Dale Van Sickel (Thug Murphy / Police Officer Angus [Chs. 7, 8] / Pete (Truck Theft Thug / Bar Thug [Chs. 1, 9, 11])", "Fred Graham (Rollins - Killer [Ch. 6])", "Tom Quinn (R. J. Riggs (Bomb Maker) [Ch. 10])", "John Daheim (Morris Kelso (Artist-Thug) [Ch. 11] (as Johnny Daheim))", "Ted Mapes (Ned Gray (Thug) [Ch. 4])", "I. Stanford Jolley (Lippy Monroe (Thug) [Ch. 5] (as Stanford Jolley))", "Buddy Roosevelt (Woods Thug Moody / MineThug Eddie / Truck Thug Zarco [Chs. 4, 7, 12])", "George Chesebro (Art Warehouse Thug (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}