{"tmdb_id": 454780, "title": "WWE: The Best of the Intercontinental Championship", "original_title": "WWE: The Best of the Intercontinental Championship", "slug_title": "wwe-the-best-of-the-intercontinental-championship", "date": "2005-01-25", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Few matches deliver power, prestige, and pure adrenaline like the battles for the Intercontinental Championship. The title is as highly sought after now as it was when Pat Patterson, the first title-holder, earned the title in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in 1979. In this collection, five classic IC matches from 1992 - 1993 burst to life, featuring incredible action from Shawn Michaels, Bret Hart, Mr. Perfect, and more. Matches include: Shawn Michaels vs. Crush - Sheffield England 4/11/1993, Bret Hart vs. Skinner - Prime Time Wrestling 8/24/1992, Shawn Michaels vs. Marty Jannetty - Raw 7/19/1993, Shawn Michaels vs. Mr. Perfect - SummerSlam 8/30/1993, and Shawn Michaels vs. \"Hacksaw\" Jim Duggan - Raw 5/3/1993.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xbAQHnDPRvWaWxwnI3z3iZutAwD.jpg", "actors": ["Brian Adams (Crush (Archive Footage))", "Scott Charles Bigelow (Bam Bam Bigelow (archive footage))", "Nelson Frazier Jr. (Mabel (archive footage))", "Bret Hart (Bret 'The Hitman' Hart (archive footage))", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect (archive footage))", "Steve Keirn (Skinner (archive footage))", "Robert Marella (Gorilla Monsoon (archive footage))", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels (archive footage))", "Kevin Nash (Diesel (archive footage))", "Robert Rechsteiner (Rick Steiner (archive footage))", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}