{"tmdb_id": 454776, "title": "Fukrey Returns", "original_title": "\u092b\u0941\u0915\u0930\u0947 \u0930\u093f\u091f\u0930\u094d\u0928\u094d\u0938", "slug_title": "fukrey-returns", "date": "2017-12-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A year after the first movie, the four friends are enjoying their lives to the fullest, get in trouble once again with Bholi, who is released from prison earlier than expected and is broke.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c23cJsFyIw2OE3n4GXvrlzCKCxp.jpg", "actors": ["Priya Anand (Priya)", "Ali Fazal (Zafar)", "Pulkit Samrat (Hunny)", "Vishakha Singh (Neetu Singh)", "Varun Sharma (Choocha)", "Pankaj Tripathi (Pandit)", "Manjot Singh (Lali)", "Richa Chadda (Bholi Punjaban)", "Sanjana Sanghi (Katty)", "Nata\u0161a Stankovi\u0107 (Special appearance in \"Mehbooba\" Song)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "srjlove", "content": "Varun Sharma (Choocha), Richa Chadha (Bholi Punjaban), Pankaj Tripathi (Pandit) steal everyone's hearts by there punch lines and hilarious acts from start till end audience just keep laughing in cinema, In fact it is funnier than the first part. That familiar craziness you've seen in the characters is not just back; it has doubled, in fact. The scene stealer is Varun Sharma as Choocha. Richa Chadha and Pankaj Tripathi did superb job. Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani with director Mrighdeep Lamba have created a successful franchise and there is bright scope to make a Fukrey 3."}, {"pseudo": "Bibhuti Nath", "content": "This is one hell of a fun ride. Every scene in this movie is funny. All actors provided their fair share of laughs but the main attraction was Varun Sharma as Choocha. His antics, innocence and perfectly timed one liners steals the show. Pankaj Tripathi (Pandit) also makes you tickle with his apt English ironies. This is perfect sequel to previous installment. Funny, Crazy and full on masti. Go watch it with families and friends."}], "recommandations_id": [471919, 456567, 413588, 392271], "youtube_key": "f-UzOpuKOVY"}