{"tmdb_id": 45569, "title": "Red Hill", "original_title": "Red Hill", "slug_title": "red-hill", "date": "2010-11-05", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Western", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque le jeune officier de police Shane Cooper vient s\u2019installer dans la petite ville de province de Red Hill, avec son \u00e9pouse enceinte, il pense y trouver la tranquillit\u00e9 pour y fonder une famille. Mais l\u2019annonce de l\u2019\u00e9vasion de prison d\u2019un repris de justice s\u00e8me un v\u00e9ritable vent de panique au sein des forces de l\u2019ordre locales et le premier jour de Shane Cooper tourne vite au cauchemar.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a2jsQVoaf8gRXKFoMVe3bdLz8Y4.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Kwanten (Shane Cooper)", "Steve Bisley (Old Bill)", "Tom E. Lewis (Jimmy Conway)", "Claire van der Boom (Alice Cooper)", "Christopher Davis (Slim)", "Kevin Harrington (Jim Barlow)", "Richard Sutherland (Manning)", "Ken Radley (Earl)", "John Brumpton (Rex)", "Cliff Ellen (Gleason)", "Jim Daly (Ted)", "Dom Phelan (Ken)", "Eddie Baroo (Willy)", "Tim Hughes (Micky Carlin)", "Ken Connley (Joseph Carlin)", "Yesse Spence (News Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Dear _Red Hill_. I like you. Fondest wishes, Gimly... Ahem, just thought I'd make my opinion pretty straight forward from the get go.\r\n\r\nIt's Australian, so points. It's got tonnes o' blood and night skies, so points. An Aboriginal with a half a face actually kills someone with a boomerang (there you go Luke, apparently it is possible!), so points. There's lots of fire, but no explosions, so points. The executive producer is Greg McLean (the kid behind _Wolf Creek_ and _Rogue_) so points. Plus, it's entertaining!\r\n\r\nAnd I mean come on, Steve Bisley's in the damn thing! (the guy who played Goose in _Mad Max_). Ryan Kwanten (_The Knights of Badassdo, True Blood_) and Tom E. Lewis (_The Proposition_) make their presence known as the protagonist and antagonist respectively.\r\n\r\nIt's a little crazy, some sort of... Horror/Crime/Thriller/Western hybrid with a couple of comedic moments. Not that it's a comedy, or cheesy, just a bit funny once or twice... Like! There's this one bit where... Nah, better not ruin it. It's good though!\r\n\r\nThe score's great, one of the better I've heard lately. Though some of the more extreme Western elements bothered me (like quick-draws, horseback cops and white cowboy hats, etc.) I was more than willing to forgive these, after all, we as Australians are not yet in a position in the film industry where we can afford not to pander to the Yanks.\r\n\r\nFirst time Director Patrick Hughes certainly is somebody I'll be looking out for in the future, if this first effort is anything to go by. _Red Hill_ is imaginative, clever, bold, no-nonsense and entirely watchable film that I'm more than happy to have in my collection. I wasn't blown away, it was no fresh new thing I'd never see coming, but Bisley's screen presence and the general non-stop awesomeness makes _Red Hill_ it one of the better productions we Australians have unleashed onto the world.\r\n\r\n76%"}], "recommandations_id": [14851, 15912, 41846, 219575]}