{"tmdb_id": 45577, "title": "Three Cases of Murder", "original_title": "Three Cases of Murder", "slug_title": "three-cases-of-murder", "date": "1955-03-15", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Three stories of murder and the supernatural: A museum worker is introduced to a world behind the pictures he sees every day. When two lifelong friends fall in love with the same woman and she is killed, they are obvious suspects. Is their friendship strong enough for them to alibi each other? When a young politician is hurt by the arrogant Secretary for Foreign Affairs Lord Mountdrago, he uses Mountdrago's dreams to get revenge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lEZsJazisgvcDkYKEmlbGSO5mXw.jpg", "actors": ["Orson Welles (Lord Mountdrago (\"Lord Mountdrago\" segment))", "John Gregson (Edgar Curtain (\"You Killed Elizabeth\" segment))", "Elizabeth Sellars (Elizabeth (\"You Killed Elizabeth\" segment))", "Emrys Jones (George Wheeler (\"You Killed Elizabeth\" segment))", "Alan Badel (Owen (segment \"Lord Mountdrago\") / Mr. X (segment \"In the Picture\") / Harry (segment \"You Killed Elizabeth\"))", "Andr\u00e9 Morell (Dr. Audlin (\"Lord Mountdrago\" segment))", "Hugh Pryse (Jarvis (\"The Picture\" segment))", "Leueen MacGrath (Woman in the House (\"In the Picture\" segment))", "Eddie Byrne (Snyder (\"The Picture\" segment))", "Helen Cherry (Lady Mountdrago (\"Lord Mountdrago\" segment))", "Eamonn Andrews (Introductions)", "Zena Marshall (Beautiful Blonde (segment \"Lord Mountdrago\"))", "Patrick Macnee (Guard Subaltern (segment \"Lord Mountdrago\") (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Shepperton\u2019s Tricksy Trio.\r\n\r\nEamonn Andrews is the link man for two tales of supernatural suspense and one murder mystery. \r\n\r\nIn the first segment, titled In The Picture, an art gallery guide is lured into a macabre house painting by the artist and finds himself at the mercy of the residents who dwell there. In the second segment, titled You Killed Elizabeth, two friends fall in love with the same woman and when she is murdered it\u2019s obvious one of them did it. But which one?  The final segment, titled Lord Mountdrago, The Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ruins the career of an opponent in Parliament and finds the man appearing in his dreams enacting retribution.\r\n\r\nAs is always the case with anthologies, the quality of stories is mixed, with here the middle section being the one that is pretty standard fare. No such problem with the other two stories though.\r\n\r\nThe first one is very creepy, even bordering on the terrifying as the tale reaches its conclusion. Once the story reaches the insides of the house in the painting, we are treated to a trio of odd characters living in a house that instantly conjures up images of horror. Ramshackle and creaky, director Wendy Toye further enhances the discord by using canted angles and personalised framing. An excellent story. Starring Hugh Pryse, Alan Badel and Eddie Byrne.\r\n\r\nThe third tale is considerably boosted by Orson Welles giving bluster to the story written by W. Somerset Maugham. Not without genuine moments of humour, it never reaches scary heights but always it feels off-kilter, the revenge dream attack angle devilish and the production has good quality about it. Very good. Alan Badel co-stars and although the three stories are not related, he is the constant actor in all three.  Grand old British trilogy. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [87789, 74753, 29116, 131074], "youtube_key": "notfound"}