{"tmdb_id": 45655, "title": "For Sale by Owner", "original_title": "For Sale by Owner", "slug_title": "for-sale-by-owner", "date": "2006-03-02", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Emeryville: population 73,250, including one feared serial killer on the loose who carves the number 13 into his victims\u2019 chests. Sara is home alone on a stormy night when there is a knock at the door. Andrew, a real estate consultant, has stopped by regarding the sale of her house. Problem is, the house isn\u2019t for sale. Against her better judgment, she grants Andrew shelter from the rain. But tension builds as Andrew, talking about his impending custody battle for his daughter, becomes more and more agitated. Sara finds herself in possible peril, until there is another knock at the door. John, a scripture-quoting home security technician, has stopped by to fix a fuse. But he may not be all he seems when a knife is found in his bag. Cautious cat-and-mouse play ensues as the trio tries to determine just who the true threat is, while a surprise twist leaves you wondering just who it is that really needs to be saved \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3ymhzsqyyHBVxolWORsgwsGHqxN.jpg", "actors": ["Amanda Brown (Sera Night)", "John Lansch (Andrew Byrd)", "Marc Hustvedt (John Denton)", "Trant Batey (Priest)", "Rachel Robertson (Young Sera)", "Andy Wilson (Josh Growseski)", "Erika Santos ()", "Audrey Davis (TV Interviewer / Jerry)", "Michael Morlan (TV Author / Dr. Holmes)", "Lowell Moore (Radio Assistant DA)", "Lauren Alexander (Radio Reporter)", "Amy Levin (Radio Weatherperson)", "Eric De Los Santos (Police Officer #1)", "Andrew Perkel (Police Officer #2)", "Pritesh Chheda (Andrew's Ride Dudeman)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "LNVYjqA6uKI"}