{"tmdb_id": 45657, "title": "The Ward : L'H\u00f4pital de la terreur", "original_title": "The Ward", "slug_title": "the-ward-l-hopital-de-la-terreur", "date": "2010-09-13", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Kristen, la vingtaine, se r\u00e9veille couverte de bleus, bless\u00e9e, drogu\u00e9e et maintenue contre sa volont\u00e9 dans un institut psychiatrique. Compl\u00e8tement d\u00e9sorient\u00e9e, elle semble avoir perdu la m\u00e9moire et ne sait rien des raisons de sa pr\u00e9sence dans cet \u00e9tablissement. Les autres patientes rencontr\u00e9es dans la cour, quatre jeunes filles toutes aussi troubl\u00e9es, ne lui apportent aucune r\u00e9ponse et Kristen se rend rapidement compte que quelque chose de terrifiant se trame en ces murs aust\u00e8res: l'atmosph\u00e8re est lourde de secrets et, une fois la nuit tomb\u00e9e, des bruits \u00e9tranges et d\u00e9rangeants la tiennent en \u00e9veil.  Les filles disparaissent une \u00e0 une et Kristen doit s\u2019\u00e9chapper de cet enfer avant que le spectre ne s\u2019en prenne \u00e0 elle. Elle va cependant d\u00e9couvrir une r\u00e9alit\u00e9 bien plus dangereuse et horrible que ce qu\u2019elle n\u2019aurait pu imaginer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cMApNxaSq4udLTYBAd755E8VJok.jpg", "actors": ["Amber Heard (Kristen)", "Mamie Gummer (Emily)", "Danielle Panabaker (Sarah)", "Jared Harris (Dr. Stringer)", "Laura-Leigh (Zoey)", "Lyndsy Fonseca (Iris)", "Mika Boorem (Alice Hudson)", "Sydney Sweeney (Young Alice Hudson)", "D.R. Anderson (Roy)", "Susanna Burney (Nurse Lundt)", "Sean Cook (Jimmy)", "Jillian Kramer (Ghost Alice)", "Milos Milicevic (Predator)", "Sali Sayler (Tammy)", "Mark Chamberlin (Mr. Hudson)", "Andrea Petty (Mrs. Hudson)", "Tracy Schornick (Cop#1)", "Kent Kimball (Cop #2)", "Patrick Treadway (2nd Floor Nurse)", "Bev Holsclaw (Admitting nurse)", "Joanna Theobalds (Mental Ward Patient (uncredited))", "Lonny W. Waddle (Orderly (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Listen, don't let this place get to you. You stay locked up long enough and you start to believe that you're nuts.\r\n\r\nAfter a gap of nine years, horror legend John Carpenter returned to the movie screen directors chair for this solid if unspectacular horror movie. Though some of the critical reactions to it stink of an over expectation for a return to his former glories, the plain fact is that it's just safe horror film making. \r\n\r\nPlot finds Amber Heard (The Stepfather/All the Boys Love Mandy Lane) as troubled arsonist Kristen. Shunted into a mental institution post haste, Kristen finds herself menaced by a violent ghost that seems intent on ridding the ward of all its female inhabitants. \r\n\r\nAnd there you have it, a bunch of hopelessly pretty girls (seriously, are all institutionalised girls good looking babes?) are stalked and killed by a female spirit who is dressed up in poor rubbery make up. The odd boo-jump comes and goes, making it not a complete dead loss on the scare front, while the cast are solid in performances and Carpenter shows some trade mark camera techniques to make certain scenes pulse with anxiety. It then hurries along to the big reveal, which sadly disappoints because it just comes off as something done far better in horror/thriller films previously. It was easy money for Carpenter, and us acolytes don't begrudge him that, while it isn't the embarrassment some have made it out to be, but it is average fare and not a great way for JC to bow out from horror movie making - director wise that is. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [58428, 46261, 48572, 43552], "youtube_key": "buF-keImNYk"}