{"tmdb_id": 456711, "title": "Yalghaar", "original_title": "\u06cc\u0644\u063a\u0627\u0631", "slug_title": "yalghaar", "date": "2017-06-26", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Drame / Thriller / Guerre", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Bas\u00e9 sur des faits r\u00e9els : la vie de soldats pakistanais, passionn\u00e9s et patriotiques, pendant une op\u00e9ration militaire qui durera plus de 76 heures.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ioIDtz1gK0Yr4DgTplvC5ILNAz7.jpg", "actors": ["Shaan Shahid (Colonel Asad)", "Humayun Saeed (Trojan, (A Militant))", "Adnan Siddiqui (Lt Col. Imran)", "Armeena Khan (Kajo)", "Mansoor Ahmed (Capt. Mansoor)", "Ayesha Omar (Zarmina)", "Ayub Khoso (Col. Jogezai)", "Gohar Rasheed (Baran)", "Hassan Rana (Maj. Gen Hassan)", "Bilal Ashraf (Captain Bilal)", "Sikander Rizvi (Azhar)", "Sana Bucha (Sadia, (A Reporter))", "Uzma Khan (Capt. Samia)", "Aleeze Nasser (Fareeha)", "Umair Jaswal (Captain Umair)", "Ahmad Taha Ghani (Capt. Asif)", "Rehan Seerat (Capt. Adnan)", "Naeem-ul-Haq (Jalal Khan)", "Wali Yousaf (Capt. Abdullah)", "Haris Bukhari (A Spec Ops Tech)", "Ashir Azeem (Maj. Gen Ahmed)", "Talib Rizvi (Maj. Gen Taimur)", "Ahmed Taha Ghani (Capt. Asif)", "Capt. Zarrar (Capt. Zarrar)", "Shakeel Rana (Zoraiz Khan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Hasnain2002", "content": "I am a fan of the progressive nature that the Pakistani Film industry displays. The movies are now being released more frequently than ever. Although, like this movie very heavily reliant on advertising/product placement, I did not want a certain banks products shoved in my face Choppy editing seems to be the norm for Pakistani movies now, it's almost like they do not have enough budget to do things properly making scenes look incomplete.\r\n\r\nThe film itself was a tribute to the nation of Pakistan's army, and it did a good job of showing patriotism and giving an insight (if not a very loose insight) into what the young men & women do.\r\n\r\nThe movie did begin boring, as from the trailers a full on action movie was expected, it did get better and the action increased, also new actors need to be cast, as it's the same bunch of actors that are in every movie; there seemed to be an unnecessary amount of male lead characters, mostly whom are just models jumping on the project to make some extra money!"}], "recommandations_id": []}