{"tmdb_id": 456835, "title": "Witchcraft - Yesterday And Today", "original_title": "Witchcraft - Yesterday And Today", "slug_title": "witchcraft-yesterday-and-today", "date": "1990-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "This is a video by recognized Witchcraft authority Raymond Buckland, whose purpose is to straighten out the popular misconceptions about the Wiccan religion. For the approximately 70,000 to 75,000 people in the United States who consider themselves Wiccans or Pagans, this is the only completely factual \"how-to\" depiction of the rites and practices of their religion in the world.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oAkt7gGjNShS8j7NO4gDvgxYClh.jpg", "actors": ["Raymond Buckland (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pandemic1972", "content": "While this video is dated, it still holds a vast amount of knowledge for those either just looking for an understanding or genuine interest in the Old Religion. As a note to those in the latter category, this movie is best used with Buckland's Complete Book of Witchcraft.\r\n\r\nWhen I first watched this video back in 92', I kept feeling as if there was more that wasn't being revealed or the scope of the information was being limited on purpose. It wasn't until I started diving heavily into various other materials on the subject that while Raymond is discussing Wicca on a general level, the limits are from his own tradition he has created called Seax-Wicca. If you are to take this video in any serious light to use as a training aid, it is recommended that you use this only as a note of history. There are many other videos available now that are a better view of Wicca in a general sense.\r\n\r\nWhile this review may appear to tell you this video has little merit, that could not be further from the truth. It's just old and needs to be updated. Additionally, and one point I will speak highly of, is that it does one thing that I can say some other videos seem to fail at and that is it is not a \"fluffy white-lighter\" movie to make you feel good about yourself. It's not meant to make you all powerful by \"surrounding yourself in white light.\" It is a serious video teaching you not only history but also that of the responsibilities that come with being Wiccan."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}