{"tmdb_id": 45690, "title": "Je suis curieuse - version bleue", "original_title": "Jag \u00e4r nyfiken - en film i bl\u00e5tt", "slug_title": "je-suis-curieuse-version-bleue", "date": "1968-03-11", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Fin des ann\u00e9es 1960. Un vent de r\u00e9volte souffle sur l'Europe. En Su\u00e8de, le r\u00e9alisateur suit son amie, une jeune activiste de 22 ans, Lena Nyman, alors qu'elle interroge de nombreuses personnes sur diverses questions politiques et de soci\u00e9t\u00e9, \u00e0 travers le pays.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mepdO1qSTaEhn54F8bgBLRcauf3.jpg", "actors": ["Maj Hult\u00e9n (Doktor)", "Vilgot Sj\u00f6man (Vilgot Sj\u00f6man)", "Lena Nyman (Anna Lena Lisabet Nyman / Lena)", "B\u00f6rje Ahlstedt (B\u00f6rje)", "Sonja Lindgren (Sonja Lindgren)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "In the 1960s Sweden underwent an enormous social upheaval, which brought it from a rather rigidly stratified and staid society, which cinephiles might have seen in Ingmar Bergman's earliest films, to a place where the old sexual taboos collapsed and angry class war broke out just like in some other Western European countries. The Swedish filmmaker Vilgot Sj\u00f6man decided to reflect those changing mores (and possibly spur some further more-changing himself) with his pseudo-documentary project <i>I am Curious</i>. He developed a script through a great deal of improvisation and then shot enough footage to release it as two films: \"Yellow\" in 1967, and \"Blue\" the following year (these titles refer to the colours of the Swedish flag). This review treats both of them.\r\n\r\nThe main actress of these films was 22 year-old Lena Nyman who plays... Lena Nyman, a 22 year-old drama student already well into sexual exploration and political commitment. From the home she shares with her alcoholic father, she runs what she calls the Nyman Institute, keeping an enormous collection of files and wandering around Sweden with a microphone to record the reactions of Swedes to provocative questions like \"Does Sweden have a class system?\" and (to holidaymakers returning from fascist Spain) \"What do you think about Franco?\". She has tumultuous relationships, mainly sexual, with suave yuppie B\u00f6rje (B\u00f6rje Ahlstedt) and idealistic bohemian Hasse (Hans Hellberg). The films have another layer, however, where we see Vilgot Sj\u00f6man coaching his actors and establishing a sexual relationship with his lead actress -- but even this layer is fictional. One really admires everyone, director and his actors alike, for being able to play fictional versions of themselves at two different levels.\r\n\r\nThe two films have a yin-yang relationship, covering roughly the same themes but in different proportions. Yellow is more about political engagement and non-violence in the context of the Cold War, and it attacks the hypocrisy of the Swedish left (which had become entrenched and no longer a force for social change) and the monarchy. That film is set mainly in Stockholm and deals with Lena's home life. Blue, on the other hand, explores the themes of religion and the prison system, and more of it is set in the countryside where we hear some of the attitudes of rural Sweden as opposed to the capital.\r\n\r\nUpon their release, these films (especially Yellow) were attacked as pornography, and Sj\u00f6man as a letch (even though it was the real-life Nyman's idea that there be a subplot where the director seduces his lead actress). However, the sex and nudity here is not titillating at all, rather it is simply one of the many sociocultural themes that Sj\u00f6man wanted to present and as unsexy as any real documentary. Furthermore, Sj\u00f6man was really no letch at all \u2013 among countercultural artists, he may have been ahead of his time in confronting the possibility that the new permissiveness wasn't just female liberation, it was also men finding it easier to coerce women into sex by accusing them of being uptight if they didn't put out, something which didn't occur to many 1960s idealists until the next decade. Another way in which Sj\u00f6man critically examines the New Left is by charting how those who preach non-violence could be very cruel in their interpersonal relationships with friends and family.\r\n\r\nI had seen only Yellow a few times and was prepared to consider this only a four-star deal, highly interesting as documentary material about 1960s Sweden, but missing something that truly moved me. However, getting a DVD set and finally seeing Blue provided that moving experience; it is quite impressive how Sj\u00f6man made the two films interlock with just enough overlap to make it a convincing whole. There's also some latent humour that becomes clear only on seeing both."}], "recommandations_id": [42695, 72785, 12604, 135337]}