{"tmdb_id": 45714, "title": "Br\u00fble, Sorci\u00e8re, Br\u00fble !", "original_title": "Night of the Eagle", "slug_title": "brule-sorciere-brule", "date": "1962-04-25", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "A skeptical college professor discovers that his wife has been practicing magic for years. Like the learned, rational fellow he is, he forces her to destroy all her magical charms and protective devices, and stop that foolishness. He isn't put off by her insistence that his professional rivals are working magic against him, and her protections are necessary to his career and life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ePHAyuC6RFA6dxmmHtkuxSvbj4K.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Wyngarde (Norman Taylor)", "Janet Blair (Tansy Taylor)", "Margaret Johnston (Flora Carr)", "Anthony Nicholls (Harvey Sawtelle)", "Colin Gordon (Lindsay Carr)", "Kathleen Byron (Evelyn Sawtelle)", "Reginald Beckwith (Harold Gunnison)", "Jessica Dunning (Hilda Gunnison)", "Norman Bird (Doctor)", "Judith Stott (Margaret Abbott)", "Bill Mitchell (Fred Jennings)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Devil: The Principle of Evil.\r\n\r\nNight of the Eagle (AKA: Burn, Witch, Burn!) is directed by Sidney Hayers and adapted to screenplay by Charles Beaumont, Richard Matheson and George Baxt from the novel \"Conjure Wife\" written by Fritz Leiber. It stars Peter Wyngarde, Janet Blair, Margaret Johnston, Anthony Nicholls and Colin Gordon. Music is by William Alwyn and cinematography by Reginald Wyer.\r\n\r\nPsychologist Norman Taylor (Wyngarde) is rocked when he discovers that his wife Tansy has been dabbling in witchcraft. She is adamant that it keeps them from harm and is the reason why his career is flourishing. Not convinced at all, Norman sets about destroying all of Tansy's paraphernalia and soon finds his life taking a drastic downturn\u2026\r\n\r\nWhat is neurosis? A nerve-change, the physical basis of consciousness as distinguished from psychosis.\r\n\r\nThis, the second of three adaptations of the Leiber novel to get the big screen treatment, is easily the best, a smouldering suspenser ripe with paranoia and atmospheric unease. Subtle in pacing, it's a marked lesson in gaining the most out of suggestion and understated story telling. Clearly not armed with a gargantuan budget, Hayers and his team rely on the strength of writing and acting to let this Eagle soar, and soar it does.\r\n\r\nRites and Practice in Black Magic.\r\n\r\nThe back drop is a place of academic studies, where the faculty indulge in get togethers, of drinks, snacks and card games, but this is all a false veneer. Lurking underneath is a veritable hot-bed of spitefulness, jealousies and bitter rivalries that come to the fore once the black magic forces of evil gather to destroy the Taylors.\r\n\r\nI do (not) believe.\r\n\r\nIt builds with ambiguity lurking overhead, ensuring the belief system of Norman Taylor and the audience is constantly tested, and then the coiled spring is unleashed. The effects work may not be up to much, but it matters not, the impact is considerably suspenseful, even frightening. No gore or histrionics here, just damn great supernatural film making. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27409, 83519, 29074, 42594], "youtube_key": "hYqStfjLk7Q"}