{"tmdb_id": 457726, "title": "When God Falls in Love", "original_title": "Ketika Tuhan Jatuh Cinta", "slug_title": "when-god-falls-in-love", "date": "2014-05-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Fikri, groomed by a modest family, grows into a pious and independent figure. In addition to his study, he also helps his father and mother to make cakes, fried snacks, painting frames, and sand ornament sold through several galleries. One of which is Koh Acong\u2019s gallery who has a beautiful daughter, Lidya.  Fikri is the dream of many girls in campus. But, there is only one girl at Fikri\u2019s heart: Leni. Leni actually likes Fikri, but as a Muslim girl who always control her behavior, she keeps her feelings toward Fikri. She also rejects Fikri\u2019s friend, Irul who is handsome, rich, and famous playboy. After graduation and should be separated, Leni\u2019s and Fikri\u2019s feeling of mutual love revealed. However, when they are preparing the proposal, they must accept the fact that Leni will be matched to other men. Fikri solemnly remind Leni to abide by his parents", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/unkRu7pLkCV3auDJ5cO519LM9By.jpg", "actors": ["Reza Rahadian (Fikri)", "Aulia Sarah (Leni)", "Renata Kusmanto (Lidya)", "Enzy Storia (Shira)", "Ibnu Jamil (Irul)", "Tamara Tyasmara (Humaira)", "Dewi Irawan (Bu Fatimah)", "Joshua Pandelaki (Pak Qasim)", "Didi Petet (Koh Achong)", "Roy Karyadi (Pak Aziz)", "Yati Surachman (Ibu Leni)", "Maya Yuliana (Nissa)", "Erlando (Handy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "jsL3cZg04fo"}