{"tmdb_id": 457720, "title": "BrokenHearts", "original_title": "BrokenHearts", "slug_title": "brokenhearts", "date": "2012-05-16", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "To Olivia (Julie Estelle), Jamie (Reza Rahadian) is her first, and last, love. When they\u2019re having the time of their lives, doctor diagnoses Jamie with anorexia nervose. He must have a special treatment and soon feels that his condition is deteriorating. Suddenly he disappears. Olivia feels betrayed but Jamie secretly is devising a plan to make Olivia happy.  Jamie asks his friend, Aryo (Darius Sinathrya), a novelist, to replace his position in Olivia\u2019s heart. For the sake of Jamie, who\u2019s almost like a brother to him, Aryo does what he asks. At least since Olivia is close to Aryo, Jamie still can see her and give her a rose when she\u2019s asleep on Aryo\u2019s couch, whose apartment in next to Jamie.  Aryo\u2019s job as a novelist makes it easy for Olivia, who\u2019s an editor in a publishing house, to communicate with him. Trouble comes when Jamie discovers that Aryo is really in love with Olivia. Jamie asks him to cut ties with her, but nothing is easy when one is dealing with losing.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t2zfJeWKrmwngb415FH97dBZ6mk.jpg", "actors": ["Julie Estelle (Olivia)", "Reza Rahadian (Jamie)", "Darius Sinathrya Kartoprawiro (Aryo)", "Meriam Bellina ()", "Anto Hoed ()", "Melly Goeslaw ()", "Axel Andaviar ()", "Reynavenzka (Mira)", "Rani Agustina (Eris)", "Annie Klauss (Michelle)", "Edwin Onckelinx (Papa Jamie)", "Kiesha Alvaro (Jamie kecil)", "Cole Gribble (Aryo kecil)", "Gerhana Wanvi Nugrah (Teman Jamie kecil)", "Vito Kareliansyah (Teman Jamie kecil)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "GC5vzmpOb3M"}