{"tmdb_id": 457724, "title": "The Fabulous Udin", "original_title": "The Fabulous Udin", "slug_title": "the-fabulous-udin", "date": "2016-05-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Udin from  Cimaja, South Sukabumi, always able to solve the village\u2019s problems with the solution out of the box. This makes Udin become an idol in the school, especially among his friends, Jeki, Ucup and Inong. Udin has a new \"opponent\" when Suri, the girl  from Jakarta, moves to the school. Suri is intelligent and has a myriad of achievements. She was suffering from brain cancer, but remains optimistic.  She is determined to realize the dreams of others by regularly holding contest. Suri\u2019s different style from the others makes Udin secretly fall in love, despite the fact that Inong also loves Udin.  Suri\u2019s joining in the groups, Udin\u2019s teams is increasingly solid to resolve the problems: a case of attempted suicide, a teacher who bullies pupils in the school, to the mental disorder. But how clever is Udin, he is powerless to deal with the will of God for Suri.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r6aTUNO7YujudJsT35lfou3v026.jpg", "actors": ["Ajil Ditto (Udin)", "Bella Graceva (Suri)", "Aldy Rialdy (Ucup)", "Difa Ryansyah (Jeki)", "Zulfa Maharani (Inong)", "Raza Adhanzio (Sading)", "Musdalifah Basri (Ainun)", "Lydia Kandou (Ibu Udin)", "Fandy Christian (Cakka)", "Ussy Sulistiawaty (Ibu Suri)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "RCgi0xE9O04"}