{"tmdb_id": 457840, "title": "Psych: The Movie", "original_title": "Psych: The Movie", "slug_title": "psych-the-movie", "date": "2017-12-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "La vie d'un jeune psychiatre change du jour o\u00f9 il tente une nouvelle et peu orthodoxe th\u00e9rapie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nFtSyaquArYqHilRT2w3r8etXPX.jpg", "actors": ["James Roday (Shawn Spencer)", "Dul\u00e9 Hill (Burton Guster)", "Maggie Lawson (Julet O'Hara)", "Timothy Omundson (Carlton Lassiter)", "Corbin Bernsen (Henry Spencer)", "Kirsten Nelson (Karen Vick)", "Jimmi Simpson (Mary Lightly)", "Zachary Levi (Thin White Duke)", "Ralph Macchio (Nick Conforth)", "Kurt Fuller (Coroner Woody Strode)", "Robert LaSardo (El Proveedor)", "Jazmyn Simon (Selene)", "Ashley Fliehr (Heather Rockrear)", "Nathan Mitchell (Black Gentleman Ninja)", "Dexter Bell (Security Guard)", "Mena Suvari (Allison Cowley)", "Sage Brocklebank (Buzz McNab)", "John Cena (Ewan O'Hara)", "Julianna Guill (Dr. Butterfly McMillan)", "Sam Huntington (Sam Sloan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "insanenerd101", "content": "_Psych the Movie_ is the perfect example of how to come out of hiatus after years off the air. It feels so good to see James Roday and Dule Hill back in style. It just feels so right. Unfortunately, Timothy Omundson suffered a stroke before filming began and was subjected to a short cameo but it still felt like the gang was all back together. As usual, _Psych the Movie_ is filled with all sorts of cameos from John Cena to Jimmi Simpson, who played characters in the show and it's a breath of fresh air to see them bundled into one.\r\nEssentially the film picks up a few years after the show ends and it's back on track again with Shawn and Gus's one slap wit banter that goes back and forth to their side conversations that leads to everyone else's distraction. It feels just like home. Hopefully this isn't the end for our fun and play friends as there's definitely enough here to warrant a sequel. And hopefully, the boys behind the typewriter agree."}, {"pseudo": "Mon-Star", "content": "The reviews for Psych: The Movie are mostly positive. I agree that it was a good reunion film, better than expected. It contains a lot of the things that made the TV series successful, but did not overdo them.\r\n\r\nIt had a good musical score, which added to the story telling. Timothy Omundson as Carlton \"Lassie\" Lassiter had a stroke just before shooting began, so his role was reduced to a one-minute cameo. (Omundson was outstanding in the short-lived Galavant series.)\r\n\r\nAll of the scenes between Dul\u00e9 Hill as Burton \"Gus\" Guster and his real-life fiance, Jazmyn Simon as Selene, were well-written and hilariously performed. By contrast, James Roday and Maggie Lawson were reportedly dating during the entire run of the TV series, from 2006 to 2014. I always felt that their on-screen romance was forced by scripts. I never believed that their characters would be romantically involved. As the TV movie unfolds, their characters are still not married, and she is cold to him.\r\n\r\nKurt Fuller as recurring medical examiner Woody Strode was funny throughout. They gave him a lot of good lines, and used him in scenes where you normally would not see him. Kirsten Nelson as Chief Karen Vick was given more to do than usual. Corbin Bernsen as Henry Spencer was used mainly for comic relief. \r\n\r\nZachary Levi as Thin White Duke demonstrated that he is a good actor who can perform any role well. The dream sequence, written by James Roday, hilariously indicates that it's a dream. The script pays tribute to at least three celebrities who died recently. The use of Robert LaSardo as El Proveedor was inspired writing, and he gave an outstanding performance, the highlight of the TV-film.\r\n\r\nSurprisingly, the story did not unfold with the usual speech by Shawn Spencer solving the case. Juliet \"Jules\" O'Hara was more crucial to resolving things..An epilogue indicates that another Psych TV movie can be expected."}], "recommandations_id": [50901, 226268, 248376, 47508], "youtube_key": "yjxPGx1brCA"}