{"tmdb_id": 458019, "title": "Chasing Love to China", "original_title": "Kukejar Cinta ke Negeri Cina", "slug_title": "chasing-love-to-china", "date": "2014-12-04", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Ridwan Imam Fadli, called Imam by his friends, has a very Islamic name buat doesn\u2019t fulfill his responsibilities as a Muslim. His girlfriend Widya has already finished college and is working. They\u2019ve been dating four years and have been waiting for Imam to graduate so they can get married, though he keeps failing to advance. Imam\u2019s not happy with the way Widya has to behave at work.  When Imam accompanies his friend Billy to Sam Po Khong in Semarang, he meets Chen Jia Li, a muslim girl from China whose on vacation before her planned marriage to Ma Fu Hsien, owner of an Islamic and Wing Chun boarding school in Beijing. Imam starts to fall for the hijab wearing Chen Jia Li because of her friendliness and grace. Imam feels comfortable with Chen Jia Li. She never forces, tells, or even asks why Imam doesn\u2019t pray. For her, Imam\u2019s willingness to worship has to come from within.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nReQQ8qhlmeJdJBBT5Y3esTN53b.jpg", "actors": ["Adipati Dolken (Imam)", "Eriska Rein (Chen Jia Li)", "Nina Zatulini (Widya)", "Ernest Prakasa (Billy)", "Mithu Nisar (Ma Fu Hsien)", "Kemal Palevi (Dimas)", "Jaja Mihardja (Ayah Imam)", "Meriam Bellina (Ibu Imam)", "Ray Sahetapy (Papa Widya)", "Anton Medan (Kakek Chen Jia Li)", "Joshua Pandelaki (Pak Munawar)", "Stella Cornelia (Airin)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "v-b3XUvARvU"}