{"tmdb_id": 458126, "title": "9 Summers 10 Autumns", "original_title": "9 Summers 10 Autumns", "slug_title": "9-summers-10-autumns", "date": "2013-04-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "At the foot of Mount Panderman, in a house of 6 x 7 m, Iwan dreams to build a bedroom. Living with six other people in the cramped little house, a bedroom is truly a luxury. His father is a public car driver who can\u2019t remember his own birthday, while her mother didn\u2019t finish elementary school. Iwan grows up together with his four sisters.  It is education that grants a way out. With tenacity, the Apple Town boy can work in the Big Apple, New York. Ten years of his exploration in that most cosmopolitan city makes him able to raise his family\u2019s dignity. He manages to hold an important position in one of the biggest multinational corporations.  However the bright lights of New York can\u2019t heal a bitter memory. A shocking event brought forth someone who takes him to revisit the past. It is family love that saves all.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pY536lBY01sPdCX3FyGNkrRSuCX.jpg", "actors": ["Ihsan Tarore (Iwan dewasa)", "Dewi Irawan (Ngatinah/Ibuk)", "Alex Komang (Bapak)", "Agni Pratistha (Mbak Isa)", "Dira Sugandi (Mbak Inan)", "Hayria Faturrahman (Mida)", "Ence Bagus (Supir Angkot)", "Ria Irawan (Ibu Agus)", "Epy Kusnandar (Tukang Kredit Kelontong)", "Shafil Hamdi Nawara (Iwan kecil)", "Swasti Nuswantari (Mira)", "Ida Ayu Wadanthi Purnama Dewi (Rini)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "broLJh8j_Tk"}