{"tmdb_id": 458129, "title": "2014: Siapa Di Atas Presiden", "original_title": "2014: Siapa Di Atas Presiden", "slug_title": "2014-siapa-di-atas-presiden", "date": "2015-02-26", "genre": ["Drame / Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ricky Bagaskoro (Rizky Nazar), high school student, is in a dilemma: to pursue his dream of becoming teachers for displaced children or to follow the wishes of his father, Bagas Notolegowo (Ray Sahetapy), to continue his study to the highest level. Bagas hopes Ricky will follow in his footsteps of being a politician.  Bagas is struggling to become president of Indonesia 2014-2019  to replace President Jusuf Syahrir (Deddy Sutomo). Preoccupations make his relationship with Ricky tenuous. Ricky does not agree with his father's steps. Ningrum (Donna Harun), a faithful wife and mother, always tries to unify them.  The competition to the presidency between Bagas Notolegowo, Faisal Abdul Hamid (Rudy Salam) and Syamsul Triadi (Akri Patrio) is very tight. Bagas makes a careless step. One simple decision makes all his dreams shattered .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hXVQFHWxqR6Wvfumc03zxXRGdFd.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Sahetapy (Bagas Notolegowo)", "Rizky Nazar (Ricky Bagaskoro)", "Donny Damara (Krishna Dorojatun)", "Maudy Ayunda (Laras)", "Rudy Salam (Faisal Abdul Hamid)", "Atiqah Hasiholan (Iptu Astri)", "Rio Dewanto (Satria)", "Donna Harun (Ningrum)", "Donna Harun (Bripka Whisnu)", "Deddy Sutomo (Jusuf Syahrir)", "Fauzan Smith (Memey)", "Akri Patrio (Syamsul Triadi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "4KO6_e2lgpw"}