{"tmdb_id": 458150, "title": "Before the Morning Repeated", "original_title": "Sebelum Pagi Terulang Kembali", "slug_title": "before-the-morning-repeated", "date": "2014-05-08", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Yan (55) is an honest government official. His wife, Rachel (55) is a philosophy professor at a leading university. They have three children who are very different in character.  The oldest, Firman, the weakest, just get divorced and in idle condition. The second, Satria, a young contractor, has big ambitions to grow his business. Satria certainly be the golden boy of the family. And the last is Dian, the youngest, beloved of all family members, has been engaged to Hassan, a member of Parliament who is young, hungry and has a lot of connections to government officials.  Stress due to rumors around him, Yan decides to resign. Soen does not understand what is going with his son. She also gets stress and then is hospitalized. Soen finally died. Family\u2019s life is changed quickly and become more gloomy and not as warm as before. Money change all: the family\u2019s values begin to collapse and reveal the falsity around them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xtwFGXyfKVlTKMdc1PvZyTN4E7B.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Komang (Yan)", "Nungky Kusumastuti (Ratna)", "Adinia Wirasti (Dian)", "Teuku Rifnu Wikana (Firman)", "Fauzi Baadila (Satria)", "Ibnu Jamil (Hasan)", "Maria Oentoe (Soen)", "Arswendi Nasution (Himawan)", "Roy Marten (Budi)", "Maryam Supraba (Nisa)", "Ringgo Agus Rahman (Jaka)", "Sabai Morscheck (Caca)", "Yayu A.W. Unru (Sulaiman)", "Joko Anwar (Anggota DPR)", "Richard Oh (Anggota DPR)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "5IqFmo-gzCQ"}