{"tmdb_id": 45862, "title": "La Mal\u00e9diction du Pendu", "original_title": "Hangman's Curse", "slug_title": "la-malediction-du-pendu", "date": "2003-09-12", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Le suicide par pendaison d'Able Frye dans l'enceinte de son lyc\u00e9e hante les esprits de tous les \u00e9tudiants. Lorsqu'une maladie \u00e9trange foudroie plusieurs \u00e9l\u00e8ves, tous imaginent \u00eatre touch\u00e9s par la mal\u00e9diction du pendu. Pour faire face \u00e0 ces \u00e9v\u00e9nements tragiques, l'\u00e9cole fait appel \u00e0 la famille Springfield, sp\u00e9cialiste des enqu\u00eates les plus d\u00e9licates. Les jumeaux, Elisha et Elijah Springfield vont s'inflitrer dans l'\u00e9cole en tant qu'\u00e9tudiants et tenter de d\u00e9couvrir si ces ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes paranormaux sont r\u00e9ellement \u00e0 l'origine de la myst\u00e9rieuse maladie qui touche les \u00e9l\u00e8ves...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yOYlx9Ts420vHn3YRqOLRQdaK06.jpg", "actors": ["David Keith (Nate Springfield)", "Mel Harris (Sarah Springfield)", "Douglas Smith (Elijah Springfield)", "Leighton Meester (Elisha Springfield)", "Jake Richardson (Ian Snyder)", "Bobby Brewer (Leonard Baynes)", "Daniel Farber (Norman Bloom)", "Edwin Hodge (Blake Hornsby)", "Andrea Morris (Crystal Sparks)", "William R. Moses (Coach Marquardt)", "Margaret Travolta (Debi Wyrthen)", "Tom Wright (Dan Carillo)", "Frank Peretti (Dr. Algernon Wheeling)", "Liz Schilling (Shawna Miller)", "Teresa Suter (Julie)", "Jared Wagner (Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Mild high school horror flick based on Frank Peretti\u2019s supernatural book for youths\r\n\r\nI originally saw this 2003 movie on DVD a couple of years after its release and, preparing to re-watch, I couldn\u2019t remember anything about it, except the wacky professor, played by the author of the book, Frank Peretti, who comes across as a shorter Dr. Emmett Brown from \u201cBack to the Future.\u201d I saw an interview with him and he\u2019s really IS as eccentrically animated as he appears in the film.\r\n\r\nThe plot revolves around a Spokane, Washington, high school, which is supposedly haunted by the ghost of a kid who committed suicide ten years earlier. Several jocks have freaked out after seeing the apparition and subsequently went into a coma. The school enlists the services of the Veritas Project, a team of investigators who work undercover to unravel paranormal phenomena. They\u2019re like the family version of Mulder & Scully from The X-Files.  David Keith plays the father, Mel Harris the mother and the teen twins are played by Leighton Meester and Douglas Smith. The dad pretends to be a janitor at the school while the kids act as new students.\r\n\r\nTo enjoy this movie you have to accept the highly unlikely premise of a family team of investigators and the fact that this is a tame horror movie from an author who\u2019s writes Christian supernatural fiction with this movie being geared toward youths (tweens, teens & pre-teens). You also have to accept that, while the movie had a limited theatrical release, it had the budget of a TV movie ($2 million) and it shows. \r\n\r\nWith that in mind, there are several things to appreciate about \u201cHangman\u2019s Curse\u201d: The cast is likable, formidably headed by Keith; for once in a high school flick we get students who actually LOOK like they\u2019re in high school, rather than mid-20s; I like the forbidden wing of the school and its subterranean burrows (reminiscent of the boiler room sequences in the Nightmare on Elm Street flicks); there are loads of creepy arachnids; and there are some quality cuts on the soundtrack.\r\n\r\nOn the downside, the acting of the peripheral teens is understandably weak and the convoluted story could\u2019ve been relayed in a clearer, more compelling manner.\r\n\r\nAs far as the Christian-oriented content goes, it\u2019s so light that I can hardly see how anyone would be offended. For instance, a group prays before their meal. Woo, like that doesn\u2019t happen every day in every community throughout the Americas. Since the protagonists are Christians, it makes sense to portray them accordingly. If anything, the movie plays it too low-key in this regard.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 46 minutes and was shot in Spokane, Washington.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [141996, 106973, 66044, 352037], "youtube_key": "notfound"}