{"tmdb_id": 45891, "title": "The Ten Lives of Titanic the Cat", "original_title": "Titanics ti liv", "slug_title": "the-ten-lives-of-titanic-the-cat", "date": "2007-10-31", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Familial", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zJBSNGDMzL3EvQjuEzYqU0fB186.jpg", "actors": ["Tiril Eeg-Henriksen (Liv)", "Martin Mbugua (Thomas)", "Christian Skolmen (Arve)", "Anne Ryg (Jette)", "Cecilie A. Mosli (Thomas sin mor)", "Sossen Krohg (Reidun)", "Edvard L\u00f8vold Gaukstad (Erling)", "Shabana Rehman (Legen)", "Yngve Berven (Yngve)", "Inger Dietrichs (Maja)", "Ulla Marie Broch (Beate M\u00f8ller)", "Gard B. Eidsvold (Terminalsjef)", "Ragni Flagstad Kristiansen (Julia)", "Siri Lill Mannes (Nyhetsanker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "vivimorena", "content": "Liv is an eleven year-old Olso girl who lives in a dilapidated apartment building with her parents and her younger brother Erling. Her twelfth birthday rapidly approaching, Liv has been promised a family trip on the \"Danaworld\" when the sizable steamship sets out on its maiden voyage. On the morning of the big day, however, Liv begins to notice strange events unfolding on the ground level of her apartment building. When Liv and her best friend Thomas venture downstairs to get to the bottom of the mystery, they discover an aged photograph of two girls and a cat. Suddenly, the cat comes bounding out of the photograph, prompting young Liv to fall unconscious. Upon awakening in a nearby hospital, Liv is told by a doctor that she suffered a mild asthma attack. But Liv knows that wasn't the case, and quickly becomes convinced that the strange occurrences of late are inexorably tied to that bizarre photograph. But when Thomas returns to find the photograph, it is nowhere to be found. Later, Liv and Thomas discover a secret storeroom. Every time Liv touches something in the storeroom, she experiences a brief but incredibly vivid vision. Could it be that someone is trying to tell Liv something, and are these events tied to a strange catastrophe that unfolded on these same grounds nearly one hundred years ago? Despite the fact that few adults seem to believe her incredible story, an elderly neighbor living upstairs may just have the information that will allow Liv and Thomas to unlock the truth behind the strange events unfolding all around them."}], "recommandations_id": []}