{"tmdb_id": 459211, "title": "Rebel City", "original_title": "Rebel City", "slug_title": "rebel-city", "date": "1953-05-10", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Rebel City is a \"B\" western with \"A\" aspirations. Wild Bill Elliot plays gambler Frank Graham, who heads to Kansas in search of his father's murderer. This being 1864, the local military presence is more preoccupied with keeping Southern sympathizers out of the state to worry about Graham's problems. Thus, our hero undertakes the task of exposing the killer himself. As always, the least likely suspect is the guilty party (though sharp-eyed viewers were wise to the villain from the first reel). Marjorie Lord co-stars as Jane Dudley, the comely operator of the local freight line who helps Graham in his task. Producer Thomas M. Fennelly and director Thomas Carr later collaborated on the Richard Diamond TV series.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g2evYpv7v1yveCKPaOzGntnqFKz.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Elliott (Frank Graham (as Wild Bill Elliott))", "Marjorie Lord (Jane Dudley)", "Robert Kent (Capt. Ramsey)", "Keith Richards (Temple)", "I. Stanford Jolley (Perry (as Stanford Jolley))", "Denver Pyle (Greeley)", "Henry Rowland (Hardy)", "John Crawford (Joe Spencer)", "Otto Waldis (Spain - the Jeweler)", "Stanley Price (Herb)", "Ray Walker (Col. Barnes (credit only))", "Michael Vallon (Sam - the Barber)", "Bill Walker (William)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}