{"tmdb_id": 460060, "title": "A Family", "original_title": "Una Famiglia", "slug_title": "a-family", "date": "2017-09-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Vincent was born near Paris, but has cut off every link with his roots. Maria, fifteen years younger, grew up in Ostia, but no longer sees her family. Together they form a couple that does not seem to need anyone. They lead a secluded life in contemporary Rome, indolent and distracted. Furthermore, Vincent and Maria are good at blending in with their environment. When they return home, they make love with the passion of young lovers in a suburban apartment that she has carefully furnished. Yet, on closer inspection, their everyday life betrays what lies behind their seemingly normal appearance: a project carried out by him with a clear determination and accepted by her only by virtue of unconditional love. A plan to help couples who cannot have children. Maria decides that it is time to create a real family. This choice has an inevitable consequence: the rebellion against Vincent, the man of her life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/94S1RcilGRqlYQoYMaHnkcf2Hrg.jpg", "actors": ["Micaela Ramazzotti (Maria)", "Patrick Bruel (Vincenzo)", "Pippo Delbono (Saverio)", "Fortunato Cerlino (Dott Minerva)", "Marco Leonardi (Pietro)", "Matilda De Angelis (Stella)", "Ennio Fantastichini (Giorgio)", "Sebastian Gimelli Morosini (Federico)", "Alessandro Riceci (Alex)", "Gaetano Bruno ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [290695, 419878, 473760, 428492], "youtube_key": "iiejARZ2Ax8"}