{"tmdb_id": 46009, "title": "Revelation", "original_title": "Revelation", "slug_title": "revelation", "date": "1999-05-07", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "2.8/10", "synopsis": "This is the sequel to Apocalypse. In this movie Thorold Stone is still looking for his family. The Christians, whom the rest of the world has started to call The Haters, are being framed for many murders and terrorist acts. Thorold and his partner go to investigate the location of the detonator of one of these acts. They find a group of Christians holding a service. He arrests them and one of them hands him a disk from O.N.E. , One Nation Earth. He finds men in the building who aren't Christians. They chase them around and one of them is killed. Then he meets with Mr. Parker who works for Franco Malacousso. Parker shoots them both but Thorold doesn't die. He is then framed for the shooting of his partner and he goes to a computer programmer with the disk. Virtual Reality is used to bring the Day of Wonders to fruition. There is something odd about the cd that the woman gave Thorold because the programmer can't get access to it and they take it to the Christians headquarters...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ua4ACUDhiFwKqPVHyBCNb6CTG0M.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Fahey (Thorold Stone)", "Tony Nappo (Willie Spino)", "Carol Alt (Cindy Bolton)", "Leigh Lewis (Helen Hannah)", "Nick Mancuso (Franco Macalousso)", "Marium Carvell (Selma Davis)", "Rothaford Gray (Ron Spalding)", "David Roddis (Len Parker)", "Rick Demas (David Nidd)", "Patrick Gallagher (Jake Goss)", "Bruce McFee (Agent Spencer)", "Corry Carpf (Wendy Stone)", "Chloe Randle-Reis (Maggie Stone)", "Melville White (Victor Davis)", "Neville Edwards (Agent Walker)", "Frank Proctor (TV / Radio News Reporter)", "Howard Hoover (O.N.E. Agent)", "Desmond Campbell (O.N.E. VR Guard #1)", "Barbara Mamabolo (Davis Daughter)", "Darrell Hicks (Boy)", "Tim Lee (Man)", "Andrew Dolha (World Post Courier)", "James Binkley (O.N.E. Front Desk Guard)", "Paulino Nunes (Young Agent)", "Stephen McWade (Bomb Squad Agent)", "Lauren Spring (Injured Girl)", "Peter Schindelhauer (Terrorist)", "Richard Carmichael (O.N.E. Jail Guard)", "Rexella Van Impe (Herself)", "Jack Van Impe (Himself)", "John Hagee (Himself)", "Ken Ryan (WNN Voice (voice))", "Andr\u00e9 van Heerden (Bill Rowsome)", "Richard Anselmo (Revivalist #1)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [22385], "youtube_key": "pUxTQH_e7Gw"}