{"tmdb_id": 46041, "title": "Le secret du rapport Quiller", "original_title": "The Quiller Memorandum", "slug_title": "le-secret-du-rapport-quiller", "date": "1966-11-10", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Berlin. Au milieu de la nuit, un homme marche dans une rue d\u00e9serte. Il entre dans une cabine de t\u00e9l\u00e9phone, compose un num\u00e9ro, avant d'\u00eatre abattu par une balle tir\u00e9e d'un fusil \u00e0 lunette. Jones est le deuxi\u00e8me agent britannique \u00e0 \u00eatre tu\u00e9 par une organisation n\u00e9o-nazie, Phoenix. Les services secrets anglais envoient alors l'agent Quiller \u00e0 Berlin. Dans le stade construit pour les Jeux Olympiques de 1936, celui-ci rencontre son \"contr\u00f4leur\", Pol, qui lui explique qu'une nouvelle g\u00e9n\u00e9ration de nazis est apparue, difficile \u00e0 cerner car elle se fond dans la population. Pol lui ordonne de trouver le QG de l'organisation. Pour amener ses adversaires \u00e0 se d\u00e9masquer, Quiller va choisir de s'offrir comme app\u00e2t...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nf2xZyoBNDstdAnWShOn0bZwxgh.jpg", "actors": ["George Segal (Quiller)", "Alec Guinness (Pol)", "Max von Sydow (Oktober)", "Senta Berger (Inge Lindt)", "George Sanders (Gibbs)", "Robert Helpmann (Weng)", "Robert Flemyng (Rushington)", "Peter Carsten (Hengel)", "Ernst Walder (Grauber)", "Edith Schneider (Headmistress)", "Philip Madoc (Oktober's Man)", "Herbert Fux (Oktobers Gefolgsmann)", "Herbert Stass (Kenneth Lindsay Jones)", "G\u00fcnter Meisner (Hassler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Oktober, and the trees are stripped bare.\r\n\r\nThe Quiller Memorandum is directed by Michael Anderson and adapted to screenplay by Harold Pinter from the novel \"The Berlin Memorandum\" written by Elleston Trevor. It stars George Segal, Alec Guinness, Max von Sydow and Senta Berger. Music is by John Barry and cinematography by Erwin Hillier.\r\n\r\nThere's no frills and graces about The Quiller Memorandum, it follows a straight spy drama narrative that pitches Segal (excellently cool) into Berlin to unearth the location of some Neo-Nazis. He gets involved with the sensual Berger whilst battling his wits with an insidious Sydow. Location photography is pleasing, as is the swirly score, but even though there's a nice ambiguity to the finale, there's a feeling of disappointment that actually not a great deal has happened in over an hour and half of film. Not dull exactly, and in fact there's enough interest to, well, hold the interest, but for every leanly written passage of play there also comes a yearning to have some espionage pizazz to thrill the senses. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [34388, 66775, 38680, 94814]}