{"tmdb_id": 46074, "title": "The Old Curiosity Shop", "original_title": "The Old Curiosity Shop", "slug_title": "the-old-curiosity-shop", "date": "1995-03-19", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "1839. The young Nell Trent is leading a happy life with her grandfather in his curiosity shop. Wharf owner Daniel Quilp has given large amounts of money to Nell's grandfather as an investment, expecting a large profit. But when Quilp finds out the old man has lost all the money with playing cards, he is determined to get the man in a madhouse as revenge. Nell and her grandfather are forced to leave their house and to start traveling across the country. But Quilp isn't sitting still, his spies are everywhere. Meanwhile a stranger is also looking for Nell's grandfather.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u1dHvDUU3vCMKdH5Cv6ekPgglLo.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Ustinov (Grandfather)", "Alan Barry (Groves)", "Adam Blackwood (Dick Swiveller)", "Tom Courtenay (Daniel Quilp)", "Sally Walsh (Neil Trent)", "Brian de Salvo (Debtor Gentleman)", "Christopher Ettridge (Sampson Brass)", "James Fox (Single Gentleman)", "Ricci Harnett (Tom)", "Doreen Keough (Mrs. George)", "William Mannering (Kit Nubbles)", "Julia McKenzie (Mrs Jartley)", "Cornelia Hayes O'Herlihy (Mrs. Quilp)", "Alan Shearman (Short)", "Timothy Watson (Fred Trent)", "Anne White (Sally Brass)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [41839, 49798, 18091, 1873], "youtube_key": "VlDztlHCAss"}