{"tmdb_id": 460791, "title": "The Desperados Are in Town", "original_title": "The Desperados Are in Town", "slug_title": "the-desperados-are-in-town", "date": "1956-10-31", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In this western, a young man tries to walk the straight and narrow, but he is impeded by his past. The trouble begins when the young fellow flees his family's Texas dirt farm and becomes an outlaw. He is advised by one of the desperadoes to return home. The boy does, and with hard work, makes the farm successful. Harvest time rolls around. He is just about to celebrate when the outlaws ride up and force him to help them pull a local bank job. He refuses and kills the gang leader and his brother. Meanwhile, the boy's past is revealed to the town banker. Seeing that he truly has gone straight, the banker forgives him. The boy marries and lives with his lovely bride upon his land.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q34QKEEZlCCEmlhC2YKwkPuGq3w.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Arthur (Lonny Kesh)", "Kathleen Nolan (Alice Rutherford (as Kathy Nolan))", "Rhys Williams (Jud Collins)", "Rhodes Reason (Frank Banner)", "Dave O'Brien (Dock Lapman / Mr. Brown)", "Kelly Thordsen (Big Tobe Lapman)", "Mae Clarke (Jane Kesh)", "Robert Osterloh (Deputy Sheriff Mike Broome)", "William Challee (Tom Kesh)", "Carol Kelly (Hattie)", "Frank Sully (Carl Branch)", "Morris Ankrum (Mr. Rutherford)", "Dick Wessel (Hank Green)", "Dorothy Granger (Molly, Saloon Girl)", "Tod Griffin (Ranger)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}