{"tmdb_id": 46096, "title": "Le Petit retour en arri\u00e8re Chambre", "original_title": "The Small Back Room", "slug_title": "le-petit-retour-en-arriere-chambre", "date": "1949-02-21", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Au plus fort de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, les Allemands ont commenc\u00e9 \u00e0 chuter un nouveau type de bombe pi\u00e9g\u00e9e sur l'Angleterre. Sammy Rice, un officier d\u00e9mineur hautement qualifi\u00e9e, mais hant\u00e9, doit vaincre ses d\u00e9mons personnels pour vaincre cette nouvelle menace.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hruNnprEpClTKIIR52Knh2m8d7m.jpg", "actors": ["David Farrar (Sammy Rice)", "Kathleen Byron (Susan)", "Jack Hawkins (R.B. Waring)", "Leslie Banks (Col. A. K. Holland)", "Michael Gough (Capt. Dick Stuart)", "Cyril Cusack (Cpl. Taylor)", "Milton Rosmer (Prof. Mair)", "Walter Fitzgerald (Brine)", "Emrys Jones (Joe)", "Michael Goodliffe (Till)", "Ren\u00e9e Asherson (A.T.S. corporal)", "Anthony Bushell (Col. Strang)", "Henry Caine (Sgt. Maj. Rose)", "James Dale (Brigadier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I must have a drink. Ask me to have a drink woman.\r\n\r\nThe Small Back Room (AKA: Hour of Glory) is directed by Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, with both adapting the screenplay from the Nigel Balchin novel. It stars David Farrar, Kathleen Byron, Jack Hawkins, Leslie Banks and Michael Gough. Music is by Brian Easdale and cinematography by Christopher Challis.\r\n\r\nAs the Germans drop explosive booby-traps across coastline England, Sammy Rice (Farrar) will be tasked with learning the secret to disarming the deadly devices. But first he must beat his private battle with alcohol, his form of self medication due to the loss of one of his feet.\r\n\r\nThe Archers produce what is in essence a tale of redemption, it's a superbly mounted drama dripping with realism and infused with atmospheric black and white photography. It somewhat divided critics back on release, but that tended to be customary where Powell was concerned, who himself wasn't sure about the validity of this particular piece. Yet it finds Pressburger and himself on sure footings, returning to more grounded human dramatics, their willingness to explore the murky fallibility of mankind is a thing of bold and effective cinematic beauty. \r\n\r\nThe by-play between Farrar and Byron is sexually charged, but heart achingly poignant as well. The pic is at its best when these pair share scenes, the back drops to their troubled courting veering from vibrant (hope) to dour (despair), the latter always staged at Sammy's gloomy flat and the scene of a brilliantly filmed expressionistic nightmare that he suffers. Elsewhere various military types either stand tall or sit behind desks speaking in correct literary tones, their collective problem being that the pesky Germans have come up with a vile bomb tactic that needs addressing ASAP.\r\n\r\nCan Sammy come through for not only the war effort, but also for his sanity? Watch and see, it's great film making across the board. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32716, 80639, 44439, 111390], "youtube_key": "EiUTHTfp0S0"}