{"tmdb_id": 461515, "title": "My Name Is Lenny", "original_title": "My Name Is Lenny", "slug_title": "my-name-is-lenny", "date": "2017-06-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "The life story of one of Britain's most notorious bare-knuckle fighters, Lenny McLean, also known as \"the Guv'nor.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kQfOGwUGyXZOw43n2q5aJioYl08.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Helman (Lenny McLean)", "Michael Bisping (Roy Shaw)", "Chanel Cresswell (Valerie McLean)", "John Hurt (Leslie Salmon)", "Nick Moran (Johnny Bootnose)", "Rita Tushingham (Reenie Joyce)", "Charley Palmer Rothwell (Carrots McLean)", "George Russo (Frank Warren)", "Martin Askew (Jim Irwin)", "Jennifer Brooke (Trixie Marks)", "Nicola Duffett (Ethel)", "Ruth Alfie Adams (Mrs Anderson)", "Robert Goodman (Bobby Sunlight)", "Decca Heggie (Blockie Johnson)", "Dean Christie (Alan Draper)", "Frankie Fairbrass (Frankie)", "Cathal Pendred (Roofie)", "Jenna Manning (Nurse)", "Frankie Oatway (Kenny Mac)", "Lee Shone (Trevor Lemon)", "Ben Stylianou (Referee)", "Jack Veal (Little Lenny)", "Taylor Allen (Kruger)", "Shend (Mikey)", "Conor Boru (Paddy)", "Jody Halse (Mickey)", "James Grogan (Eric)", "Serena Orsi-Dadomo (Sadie)", "Gino Picciano (Judge)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Lenny, the daddy cool!**\r\n\r\nAnother boxing film based on a real person. Not exactly the sports film with actions you want to see. Because it is about the underground boxing theme with less traditional. So it is not like a real heroism story. Lanny, an orphan grew up with his abusive step-dad, developed a tough character. Being aggressive made him a champion at the barehanded street fights. With poverty ridden, now he's trying his luck on the underground boxing, which drastically brings a big change in his life.\r\n\r\nUsually biographical film fascinates. Because their achievements are hard earned. So their rise in life inspires thousands of people who watch the film. This was not the same kind. But it had some good side too. The story was okay, though the performances totally annoyed me. That's the main reason I consider it an average. It might be the right depiction of the character Lenny, but cinematically not right. Maybe different cast would have brought different, appropriate result. Only being a biopic is the reason it's worth a watch, but nothing else worked for it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [69961, 55831, 40737, 144124], "youtube_key": "GFpQ1IvZlkQ"}