{"tmdb_id": 46158, "title": "Holocauste 2000", "original_title": "Holocaust 2000", "slug_title": "holocauste-2000", "date": "1977-11-25", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Un riche homme d'affaires se rend sur un site o\u00f9 il d\u00e9cide de cr\u00e9er un r\u00e9acteur nucl\u00e9aire assez puissant pour alimenter en \u00e9nergie \u00e9lectrique toute la plan\u00e8te. Sur le site, il d\u00e9couvre une grotte enfouie sous les sables, sur les murs de laquelle sont inscrits d'\u00e9tranges dessins...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tns4LDq1hqcV5vhlU6ErrwS0TF.jpg", "actors": ["Kirk Douglas (Robert Caine)", "Simon Ward (Angel Caine)", "Agostina Belli (Sara Golan)", "Anthony Quayle (Professor Griffith)", "Alexander Knox (Meyer)", "Virginia McKenna (Eva Caine)", "Spiros Foc\u00e1s (Harbin)", "Ivo Garrani (Prime Minister)", "Massimo Foschi (Young Arab)", "Romolo Valli (Charrier)", "Adolfo Celi (Dr. Kerouac)", "Denis Lawson (2nd Journalist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm not counting on God. I put my faith in Nuclear Energy.\r\n\r\nHolocaust 2000 is directed by Alberto De Martino and co-written by Martino and Sergio Donati. It stars Kirk Douglas, Simon Ward, Agostina Belli, Anthony Quayle and Virginia McKenna. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Erico Menczer.\r\n\r\nNuclear industrialist Robert Caine (Douglas) refuses to heed warnings that the Antichrist is closer to home than he ever could have imagined...\r\n\r\nCaine and Angel\r\n\r\nCasting aside the fact that it is a cash in on the success of the far superior The Omen, it simply isn't smart or good enough to make its own mark. Knowing what is going on in the first instance is not a great thing for the audience, it would be were the narrative strong enough to keep us on our toes, but it never is. The plot speeds along merrily following the same trajectory as expected; mysterious deaths, pregnancy, loads of ominous warnings, repeat sequence of doom and on to the unsubtle reveal in preparation for a less than satisfying ending.\r\n\r\nThe makers do try to add some salt to the satanic broth, such as having Douglas roam around naked in a feverish nightmare, and some moments are kinda fun in that tacky Italian/England production way, but the zip, the originality, is sorely lacking. Cast seem to be working off of a different screenplay to each other, though Douglas is at least working hard to make the duff regurgitation come alive. It looks nice on occasions, and it's fun for the wrong reasons, but its low standing reputation is fully justified and therefore near impossible to recommend to anyone but Kirk Douglas completists. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}