{"tmdb_id": 46198, "title": "My Girlfriend's Boyfriend", "original_title": "My Girlfriend's Boyfriend", "slug_title": "my-girlfriend-s-boyfriend", "date": "2010-04-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "When Ethan arrives at the airport just in time to declare his undying love for his girlfriend, love appears to have conquered all. The scene, however, is really the ending of Ethan's novel, which his agent calls \"unrealistic.\" Ethan soon meets a waitress, Jesse, and falls in love with her despite her growing devotion to Troy, a charming businessman. But the line between reality and fiction becomes increasingly blurred.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d7cTlwJZdJmNi0pUeIWFkM7juRS.jpg", "actors": ["Alyssa Milano (Jesse Young)", "Christopher Gorham (Ethan Reed)", "Michael Landes (Troy Parker)", "Tom Lenk (David Young)", "Carol Kane (Barbara)", "Beau Bridges (Logan Young)", "Kelly Packard (Suzy)", "Stephen Carey (Matthew - Boy in Window)", "Elizabeth Hales (Restaurant Patron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> When you can choose a best man out of two...\r\n\r\nThe best thing about the film is the title. It got me curious, then I decided to give it a try to learn what's that mean. Love triangle is something what I anticipated, but to know how good it is going to be was my eagerness. I did not know anybody from it, well, except Alyssa Milano. It was a low cost film, but production was good. The opening was decent, so expected a fine development and conclusion. Then did I disappointed with it? Well, a little!\r\n\r\nIt got me. At one point I predicted it entirely wrong. I realised that only during the final few minutes. Yep, the actors were good and so the fairly fitting ending, but for some people that might look like a grand twist. I think the writing, including dialogues and direction was better than I expected. Feels like it is an ordinary version of 'Ruby Sparks'. If you had liked that, probably you would like it as well, though it is not a fantasy.\r\n\r\nWhatever you thought of it, the last 5-10 minutes makes you change your stance, that's how it is designed. So it is not a best romance-comedy, but a watchable one for being slightly original. I would surely give a thumbs up to you to go for it, only if you say you won't try to predict it, but try to watch it like the normal people. In my opinion, that's how it to be watched for the maximum benefit.\r\n\r\n6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25577, 83403, 282901, 165569], "youtube_key": "OC8g9EVe68s"}