{"tmdb_id": 462115, "title": "Dead Trigger", "original_title": "Dead Trigger", "slug_title": "dead-trigger", "date": "2017-07-19", "genre": ["Action / Horreur"], "score": "2.3/10", "synopsis": "2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world\u2019s population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called \u201cDead Triggers\u201d. The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xN5NWwTzTcTHRICad5gQEcjzGPG.jpg", "actors": ["Dolph Lundgren (Kyle Walker)", "Autumn Reeser (Tara Conlan)", "Romeo Miller (Gerald 'G Dog' Jefferson)", "Isaiah Washington (Rockstock)", "Chris Galya (Chris Northon)", "Oleg Taktarov (Lt. Martinov)", "Brooke Johnston (Lt. Marchetti)", "Natali Yura (Naomi Shika)", "Luciana Carro (Samantha Atkins)", "Joel Gretsch (General Conlan)", "Tamara Braun (Gloria Russo)", "Justin Chon (Daniel Chen)", "Alyona Chekhova (Nika)", "Seira Kagami (Lika)", "James Chalke (Father Julian)", "Derek Boone (Lt. Krycek)", "Michael Kupisk (Zack)", "Jeff Lam (Eric Green)", "Brandon Beemer (CSU Agent #1)", "Tony Messenger (CSU Agent #2)", "Alex Chansky (CSU Agent #3)", "Keil Oakley Zepernick (Subject Zero)", "Geoffrey Ross (Marketing Executive)", "Carl Colpaert (Cyglobe Executive)", "Toby Bronson (Old Soldier)", "Brandon L. Menchen (Fight promotor)", "Yanina Studilina (Executive Assistant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [87018], "youtube_key": "GnZyIbN1CZQ"}