{"tmdb_id": 462, "title": "Erin Brockovich, seule contre tous", "original_title": "Erin Brockovich", "slug_title": "erin-brockovich-seule-contre-tous", "date": "2000-03-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "M\u00e8re \u00e9levant seule ses trois enfants, Erin Brockovich n'avait vraiment pas besoin d'un accident de voiture. D'autant que le responsable sort du tribunal financi\u00e8rement indemne. Oblig\u00e9e de trouver rapidement un travail pour couvrir tous ses frais m\u00e9dicaux et de justice, Erin obtient de son avocat de l'employer comme archiviste dans son cabinet. Son allure et son franc-parler ne lui valent pas des d\u00e9buts faciles mais elle apprend vite. En classant des documents, Erin d\u00e9terre une affaire louche d'empoisonnement et d\u00e9cide de se jeter dans la bataille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/if90sXZkI4aaxdlhxKejpniT9ff.jpg", "actors": ["Julia Roberts (Erin Brockovich)", "Albert Finney (Ed Masry)", "Aaron Eckhart (George)", "Marg Helgenberger (Donna Jensen)", "Cherry Jones (Pamela Duncan)", "Veanne Cox (Theresa Dallavale)", "Conchata Ferrell (Brenda)", "Tracey Walter (Charles Embry)", "Peter Coyote (Kurt Potter)", "Erin Brockovich (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me. Please, don't ask me to give it up.\r\n\r\nThe film is based on a real case and is about real people so to that ends it is obviously simple in structure, and nagging away as you watch it is the fact that the ending is never in doubt, it \"is\" all too predictable. However, what made Erin Brockovich the success it was is that the title character is not only interesting but also, importantly, intriguing. A foul mouthed hard bitten, twice divorced mother of three has to fight her corner just to get an honest days pay. It's a fabulous story backed up by a simply incredible performance from Julia Roberts. Here Roberts has let her hair down, puts on a push up bra and a short skirt, she is clearly enjoying the freedom of the role, and the results are real effective.\r\n\r\nI have no doubt that working alongside Albert Finney helped Roberts no ends, but it is her show all the way, and she alone masks over what really is an ordinary film, there is nothing we haven't seen before here, it's just a more modern take on the good versus evil corporate company scenario. It's steadily directed by Steven Soderbergh, emotional scenes are not overstretched to treacle point, and all in all it's good solid story telling. Repeat viewings prove to dilute the uplift factor of the finale, but Roberts' performance certainly holds firm for evermore.\r\n\r\n8/10 for the film, 10/10 for Roberts' ballsy show. If only we could have had more of these performances from her."}], "recommandations_id": [9944, 4806, 6073, 8874], "youtube_key": "keZXGaDvK2s"}