{"tmdb_id": 46364, "title": "Insemino\u00efd", "original_title": "Inseminoid", "slug_title": "inseminoid", "date": "1981-01-23", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.6/10", "synopsis": "Au cours d'une exp\u00e9dition arch\u00e9ologique sur une plan\u00e8te hostile, l'\u00e9quipage d'un vaisseau subit les assauts r\u00e9p\u00e9t\u00e9s d'une pr\u00e9sence extra-terrestre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7F8ym7J4dN2npnjh2X8va6YYQ73.jpg", "actors": ["Robin Clarke (Mark)", "Jennifer Ashley (Holly)", "Stephanie Beacham (Kate)", "Steven Grives (Gary)", "Barrie Houghton (Karl)", "Rosalind Lloyd (Gail)", "Victoria Tennant (Barbra)", "Trevor Thomas (Mitch)", "Heather Wright (Sharon)", "David Baxt (Ricky)", "Dominic Jephcott (Dean)", "John Segal (Jeff)", "Kevin O'Shea (Corin)", "Robert Pugh (Roy)", "Judy Geeson (Sandy)", "Nick Maley (Alien Babies)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Inseminoid Devoid. \r\n\r\nInseminoid (AKA: Horror Planet) is directed by Norman J. Warren and written by Nick and Gloria Maley. It stars Judy Geeson, Robin Clarke, Jennifer Ashley and Stephanie Beacham. Music is by John Scott and cinematography by John Metcalfe. \r\n\r\nA crew of space scientists come under attack after an alien creature impregnates one of the team, causing her maternal instincts to turn her into a homicidal maniac. \r\n\r\nThe makers denied it is a cheap knock-off of Ridley Scott's Alien, and in their defence, 20th Century Fox supremo's viewed Inseminoid and had absolutely no problem with it. So? Is it a tacky cash in? Well judge for yourself, but ultimately it's films like this that make you treasure Alien even more; regardless of budget differences. \r\n\r\nInseminoid, great title at least, is hysterically bad. It doesn't make any sense (seriously, the screenplay must have been written in 5 minutes), its cheapness is \"not\" endearing and the acting is appalling. Add in some awful effects work, costuming care of the decade that time forgot, and the over powering sense of sleaze for gore's sake, and you got one bad movie on your hands. \r\n\r\nIs it mindless fun? Well it is funny! When actors like Brit babes Geeson and Beacham take it seriously, the former really throwing herself into the crazed mommy role, then it's hard not to laugh, even more so when the alien glove puppets show up. To be fair to Beacham, she came out and said she did it purely for the money, but the honourable thing to do would have been to wave her fee and distribute it back to the paying punters at the box offices who had to suffer this tripe. \r\n\r\nAlien rape, murder bedlam and cannibalism, it shouldn't be funny, but it is. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27832, 100671, 112328, 73218], "youtube_key": "pVnG15foHUM"}