{"tmdb_id": 463709, "title": "Murdered for Being Different", "original_title": "Murdered for Being Different", "slug_title": "murdered-for-being-different", "date": "2017-06-18", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tqSoi07TZI2NcLPaeN0WeSySoHv.jpg", "actors": ["Abigail Lawrie (Sophie Lancaster)", "Nico Mirallegro (Rob Maltby)", "Chanel Cresswell (DC Steph Farley)", "Sally Lindsay (Tracey Maltby)", "Sophie McShera (Mandy Gorman)", "Lewis Brown (Danny Hulme)", "Dominic Carter (DC Mark Green)", "Amelia Clarke (Sam Gorman)", "Chris Coghill (Dave Maltby)", "Mia Crossley (Michelle Sturry)", "Kirsty Fanning (Natalie Morley)", "Macauley Fogarty (Jo Hulme)", "Jodi Grensinger (Alyssa Bean)", "Callum Harrison (Danny Mallett)", "Jason Milligan (DI Dean Holden)", "Connor Mullan (Ryan 'Peanut' Herbert)", "Gino Nicholson (Steven Thorner)", "Ezra Dent-Watson (Brendan Harris)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sophie Lancaster - Lest Anyone Forgets.\r\n\r\nBacup, Rossendale, Lancashire on 11 August 2007, and Sophie Lancaster and her boyfriend Robert Maltby were set upon by a pack of feral thugs - their crime was to be different, to dress differently from their attackers. The attack left both Sophie and Robert in comas, Sophie would never wake up, murdered for being different. This BBC film tells the story.\r\n\r\nBack in the dead part of 1970s Great Britain, I was a Punk Rocker, something that to many was akin to being the Devil's spawn. So much so a car swerved to try and hit me one day as I crossed the road, the ignorance and intolerance back then still manifests itself today, quite often with tragic and hateful consequence. Upon watching Murdered for Being Different, the impact of the overwhelming sadness is only rivalled by the revulsion at those responsible for Sophie's death. \r\n\r\nThe film is a valid and highly worthy production, picking up on the burgeoning love between Sophie and Robert, and then taking us to that fateful early August 11th morning. We observe the immediate aftermath and subsequent investigation into the incident, the effects of such on family and a key witness to what had unfolded. The pic is guilty of cutting corners, we really should have had more on the attackers post the attack, on how they reacted in the run up to their arrest (media tells us they were unrepentant scum), while a tactful omission of Sophie's mother in the play is noted with respect but still leaves a hole.\r\n\r\nBut ultimately complaints are churlish, for this makes its mark. It's very well produced, the performances very tight, with Abigail Lawrie as Sophie doing her proud and Reiss Jarvis superb as the conflicted key witness Michael Gorman. Soundtrack is pin sharp, right up to the finale which is played out to the haunting grace of Placebo covering Kate Bush's Running Up That Hill. A distressing viewing experience but one that all should be privy to, point made and hopefully a jolt to the system of any human being with the potential for hate crime in their black hearts. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}