{"tmdb_id": 4638, "title": "Hot Fuzz", "original_title": "Hot Fuzz", "slug_title": "hot-fuzz", "date": "2007-02-14", "genre": ["Crime / Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Londres, le policier Nicholas Angel est le meilleur de son \u00e9quipe. Tellement bon qu'il fait passer ses coll\u00e8gues pour de simples gardiens de la paix. Le chef de la brigade d\u00e9cide donc de le \u00ab\u00a0promouvoir\u00a0\u00bb dans le petit village de Sandford, o\u00f9 il ne se passe rien. Aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s du policier local Danny Butterman qui r\u00eave de devenir Mel Gibson, Nicholas r\u00e8gle quelques contraventions sans grand int\u00e9r\u00eat. Une s\u00e9rie de crimes \u00e9tranges va le remettre dans l'action...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zqYnY7Y60oIlQOvx2tdzMSk6yYe.jpg", "actors": ["Simon Pegg (Nicholas Angel)", "Nick Frost (PC Danny Butterman)", "Jim Broadbent (Inspector Frank Butterman)", "Paddy Considine (DS Andy Wainwright)", "Rafe Spall (DC Andy Cartwright)", "Kevin Eldon (Sergeant Tony Fisher)", "Olivia Colman (PC Doris Thatcher)", "Karl Johnson (PC Bob Walker)", "Bill Bailey (Sergeant Turner)", "Timothy Dalton (Simon Skinner)", "Edward Woodward (Tom Weaver)", "Billie Whitelaw (Joyce Cooper)", "Eric Mason (Bernard Cooper)", "Stuart Wilson (Dr. Robin Hatcher)", "Paul Freeman (Rev. Philip Shooter)", "Rory McCann (Michael \"Lurch\" Armstrong)", "Kenneth Cranham (James Reaper)", "Maria Charles (Mrs. Reaper)", "Peter Wight (Roy Porter)", "Julia Deakin (Mary Porter)", "Trevor Nichols (Greg Prosser)", "Elizabeth Elvin (Sheree Prosser)", "Patricia Franklin (Annette Roper)", "Lorraine Hilton (Amanda Paver)", "Tim Barlow (Mr. Treacher)", "Anne Reid (Leslie Tiller)", "Ben McKay (Peter Cocker)", "Adam Buxton (Tim Messenger)", "David Threlfall (Martin Blower)", "Lucy Punch (Eve Draper)", "David Bradley (Arthur Webley)", "Ron Cook (George Merchant)", "Stephen Merchant (Peter Ian Staker)", "Alice Lowe (Tina)", "Martin Freeman (Met Sergeant)", "Steve Coogan (Metropolitan Police Inspector (uncredited))", "Bill Nighy (Met Chief Inspector)", "Peter Jackson (Thief Dressed as Santa (uncredited))", "Cate Blanchett (Janine (uncredited))", "Garth Jennings (Crack Addict (uncredited))", "Edgar Wright (Shelf Stacker / Voice of Dave (uncredited))", "Robert Popper ('Not' Janine)", "Joe Cornish (Bob)", "Chris Waitt (Dave)", "Colin Michael Carmichael (Heston Services Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Homage or parody, Hot Fuzz is the best of modern British comedy.\r\n\r\nPolice Constable Nicholas Angel is the pride of the London Service, trouble is is that he is making everybody else look bad, so much so his superiors promote him to Sergeant in the sleepy village of Sandford, Gloucestershire. Yet all is not right with Sandford as the locals start meeting grizzly deaths, thus thrusting Angel into his biggest case so far.\r\n\r\nThe biggest question on most film goers lips was could the pairing of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg triumphantly follow the monster cult success of Shaun Of The Dead? Well the plot premise for Hot Fuzz hardly leaps out as something to grab the attention span of many, but they have crafted a tremendously funny film that winks at the action genre with genuine love and admiration.\r\n\r\nSimon Pegg and his trusty sidekick, Nick Frost, clearly have an earthbound appeal that many (even outside of Britain) can warm too, not pretty or over svelt, these guys are fans of movies making movies purely for the fans, and it shows. Neither Pegg or Frost try to steal scenes from each other, both men after over a decade of working together are clearly comfortable with their coupling and thus manage to fine tune their working chemistry.\r\n\r\nOnce Angel (Pegg) lands at Sandford Village we are introduced to a ream of British Village stereotypes (archetypes actually), all characters ripe for hilarious scenarios that our fish out water (big city cop) Sergeant struggles to comprehend. We observe as he is dumb struck at the ineptitude of the Village Police Force (erm service actually) and is then forced to work alongside dough eyed Constable Butterman (a film stealing Frost). Angel's exasperation at where he finds himself is mirthful joy to us the viewers. The dialogue is priceless, one liners and hat tipping nods to the action genre come thick and fast, in fact you can watch Hot Fuzz repeatedly and play spot the homage each time. I mean come on people, we got both James Bond (a delicious turn from Timothy Dalton) and Belloq in here strutting their stuff. The action set pieces are not found wanting either, director Wright having the time of his life with the crash bang wallop that flows in the final third.\r\n\r\nThe test of a great comedy is how it stands up to repeat viewings, to me Hot Fuzz delivers no matter how many times it is viewed. For even when you know what is coming up next, the smile on your face is already there before the event, wonderful, wonderful film made by guys who love movies as much as ourselves. 10/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I was not sure what to expect from this movie that I found on Netflix a while ago while browsing through the catalog. The movie poster makes it look like a hard-boiled police action movie but reading the reviews it became clear that it was more of a comedy. I had not heard of the movie before but it generally got good reviews so the other evening me and the boys sat down to watch it.\r\n\r\nThis is a fun movie. A good, old-fashioned British comedy. The core story could very well have been a serious crime story but the way it is implemented makes it so incredibly silly in a fun way. It starts off pretty much right away when PC Angel is told that he will be promoted but moved, because he makes the rest if the bunch of the dimwits at the precinct look bad, to a small British town where the most fun you can have is to watch the grass grow or get drunk and from there it goes downhill for Angel.\r\n\r\nHis new colleagues are somewhat weird not to mention more or less useless when it comes to police work. The by-the-book Angel is getting more and more frustrated and his only friend is the son of his new boss, whom he arrested on the first day by the way. When the grizzly \u201caccidents\u201d starts to happen the movie, in particular the explanations as to why they are \u201caccidents\u201d and not crimes, become more and more absurd. The special effects guys seems to have learned a trick or two from the Monty Python gang when it comes to over the top gory blood splattered scenes by the way.\r\n\r\nIn the final showdown between Angel and the totally whacko gang that keeps the town \u201cclean\u201d by deadly serious methods is short references to great many action movies. The amount of shots fired and the ratio of misses versus actual hits is nothing short of ludicrous. It was just so absurdly funny that it is difficult to describe.\r\n\r\nIf you are in the mood for some good solid British comedy then I can recommend this one. It is a very well done comedy and a lot more enjoyable than the get drunk and/or fall on your arse and/or and puke all over the place \u201ccomedies\u201d that comes thirteen to the dozen today."}], "recommandations_id": [747, 107985, 8699, 22538], "youtube_key": "ayTnvVpj9t4"}