{"tmdb_id": 463821, "title": "La Proph\u00e9tie de l'horloge", "original_title": "The House with a Clock in Its Walls", "slug_title": "la-prophetie-de-l-horloge", "date": "2018-09-15", "genre": "Fantastique / Familial", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Lewis a dix ans lorsqu\u2019il part vivre chez son oncle dans une vieille demeure dont les murs r\u00e9sonnent d\u2019un myst\u00e9rieux tic-tac. Mais lorsque Lewis r\u00e9veille les morts accidentellement dans cette ville, en apparence tranquille, c\u2019est tout un monde secret de mages et de sorci\u00e8res qui vient la secouer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p4DsTlFCqW2rJVVNuzsTXnVBMQK.jpg", "actors": ["Owen Vaccaro (Lewis Barnavelt)", "Jack Black (Jonathan Barnavelt)", "Cate Blanchett (Florence Zimmerman)", "Kyle MacLachlan (Isaac Izard)", "Ren\u00e9e Elise Goldsberry (Selena Izard)", "Sunny Suljic (Tarby Corrigan)", "Vanessa Anne Williams (Rose Rita Pottinger)", "Colleen Camp (Mrs. Hanchett)", "Lorenza Izzo (Mrs. Barnavelt)", "Eli Roth (Comrade Ivan)", "Braxton Bjerken (Woody Mingo)", "Ricky Muse (Bus Driver)", "Charles Green (Soda Jerk)", "De'Jon Watts (Clark)", "Aaron Beelner (Clown Automaton #1)", "Joshua Phillips (Clown Automaton #2)", "Christian Calloway (Azazel)", "Caleb Lawrence (Sweet Shop Employee)", "Dylan Gage Moore (Sweet Shop Boy)", "Jalyn Hall (Devin)", "Jackson T. Giles IV (Student)", "Alli Beckman (Magician's Assistant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "There was a couple of instances over the course of _The House with a Clock in Its Walls_, particularly early on, that had my hopes up, but by the end? God I was so disappointed. The lead is not a great actor (often a trouble when you have to cast young), and the effects are pretty bad. The worst thing though is that _Clock in Its Walls_ can't keep its story straight, which is a pretty unforgivable sin when it's your own story. Like, you set the rules here, why are you going out of your way to break them for nothing?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}, {"pseudo": "donovanhill27", "content": "I was surprise about how much I enjoy this film. Jack Black and Cate Blanchett are great together in this film. The film felt like a 80s kids horror film. I would love to see more films with these characters. There are a few poop jokes which were the worst part of the film (but these jokes seem to be expected in modern kids films). I feel like this film would have cult film status in a few years."}], "recommandations_id": [442062, 426543, 338952, 400155]}