{"tmdb_id": 46429, "title": "Gallow Walkers", "original_title": "Gallowwalkers", "slug_title": "gallow-walkers", "date": "2012-10-27", "genre": ["Action / Horreur"], "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir reni\u00e9 Dieu, un cow-boy nomm\u00e9 Kaos, se voit afflig\u00e9 d'une mal\u00e9diction qui ram\u00e8nera \u00e0 la vie tous ceux qu'il a tu\u00e9 et qu'il tuera. Tr\u00e8s vite, une arm\u00e9e de victimes men\u00e9e par Kansa, revient du monde des morts et se lance \u00e0 sa poursuite. Afin d'\u00e9quilibrer le combat, Kaos engage un jeune guerrier, Fabulos, pour se battre \u00e0 ses c\u00f4t\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7WTMxkdCPlp3BYT0bqPHVrE7SUR.jpg", "actors": ["Wesley Snipes (Aman)", "Riley Smith (Fabulos)", "Tanit Phoenix (Angel)", "Simona Brhlikova (Kisscut)", "Steven Elder (Apollo Jones)", "Jenny Gago (Mistress)", "Kevin Howarth (Kansa)", "Alyssa Pridham (Sueno)", "Alex Avant (Forty Bold)", "Hector Hank (Hool)", "Jack Bowyer (Bubis)", "Patrick Bergin (Marshall Gaza)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dreadful.\r\n\r\nTis one of the toughest things in film making to tackle, that of the western/horror hybrid. Here things are further complicated by some sort of attempt to add Gothic leanings and fantastical surrealism. Sadly nothing in the whole film works, it's a collage of botched ideas performed poorly by cast and technical crew alike.\r\n\r\nPlot, the attempt at one as such, pitches Wesley Snipes' dreadlocks spirit walker type on a revenge mission to eradicate the undead - who once as humans raped his loved one. Lots of strands are dangled within, flashbacks upon flashbacks, time shifts and characterisation distortions, all set to a parched wild west backdrop. \r\n\r\nThere's plenty of blood dripped onto the corn but the corn is still corny, while the whole thing is a misogynists wet dream. Production design is decent, with the slaughterhouse sequences - and the costume design - better than average, and Snipes remains cool even if he surely knows he's in a very poor movie.\r\n\r\nBut ultimately this is very much one to avoid. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": [39368, 45773, 136476, 219247], "youtube_key": "RaBdUGCuTi0"}