{"tmdb_id": 46498, "title": "Candy", "original_title": "Candy", "slug_title": "candy", "date": "1968-12-17", "genre": "Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Aventure", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vykIzBpR2uy2wUnNgUuJjFmHy06.jpg", "actors": ["Ewa Aulin (Candy Christian)", "Charles Aznavour (Hunchback juggler)", "Marlon Brando (Grindl)", "Richard Burton (MacPhisto)", "James Coburn (Dr. A.B. Krankheit)", "John Huston (Dr. Arnold Dunlap)", "Walter Matthau (Gen. R.A. Smight)", "Ringo Starr (Emmanuel)", "John Astin (T.M. Christian / Jack Christian)", "Elsa Martinelli (Livia)", "Sugar Ray Robinson (Zero)", "Anita Pallenberg (Nurse Bullock)", "Lea Padovani (Silvia Fontegliulo)", "Florinda Bolkan (Lolita)", "Maril\u00f9 Tolo (Marquita)", "Micaela Pignatelli (Girl)", "Buck Henry (Mental Patient)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Zany, sometimes amusing, but dreadfully dull late 60\u2019s curiosity with Burton, Starr, Coburn and Brando***\r\n\r\nReleased during Christmas in 1968, \u201cCandy\u201d is a satirical interpretation of a classic of literature and thus producers could argue that it had redeeming social value and avoid being judged pornographic, as it was touted in order to draw men to the theater. But it bombed and deservedly so.\r\n\r\nThe titular character of the story (Ewa Aulin) is basically a feminine, swinging 60s version of Voltaire's Candide, who encountered all sorts of abhorrent and deceitful characters in the course of his wanderings but somehow managed to preserve his innocence. Writers Terry Southern (book) and Buck Henry (screenplay) morphed the character to a nubile girl and augmenting the episodes to be sexual in nature, which is what caused the uproar at the time. The \"encounters\" she experiences involve various stars of the period.\r\n\r\nBasically, Candy is an innocent & winsome adolescent continually seduced by several institutional isms: romanticism (Richard Burton), patriotism (Walter Matthau), professionalism (James Coburn) and mysticism (Marlon Brando); I\u2019m not sure what ism Ringo Starr\u2019s character falls under (ethnic-ism?). There is also intimidating manipulation, pity and the promise of fame. The institutions and corresponding positions on which every society is based are dubious and misused for men to seduce women.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the day this is a picaresque farce that rides the wave of the excesses, errors and magic of the mid-late 60s. It\u2019s a campy, kitschy, what-were-they-thinking late 60\u2019s flick that\u2019s wannabe magical, but epically fails in that it\u2019s dreadfully dull despite a few moments of genuine amusement, the stellar cast and the protagonist\u2019s na\u00efve beauty (who looks like a melding of Tuesday Weld and Britt Ekland). \r\n\r\nBrando\u2019s entertaining guru in the last act might be worth the price of admission though. Marlon was fit and never looked better, before he progressively got fat in the 70s-80s. As for the rumor that the movie was pornographic, there\u2019s some wacky titillation and a little tame nudity, but nothing to decry as diabolically pornographic. It\u2019s pretty harmless really.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 55 minutes and was shot in New York City and Rome, Lazio, Italy.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [86499, 81931, 71538, 105099]}