{"tmdb_id": 465642, "title": "Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran", "original_title": "Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran", "slug_title": "parmanu-the-story-of-pokhran", "date": "2018-05-25", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A look at India's second confidential nuclear test series at Pokhran lead by Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, during the time of PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/58X8iBxgT5n4aVBLkDFSnOrIHlD.jpg", "actors": ["John Abraham (Capt. Ashwat Raina)", "Diana Penty (Capt. Ambalika Bandyopadhyay)", "Boman Irani (Himanshu Shukla)", "Zachary Coffin (Stephen)", "Mark Bennington (Daniel)", "Arush Nand (Prahlad)", "Yogendra Tiku (Dr. Naresh Sinha)", "Vikas Kumar (Major Prem)", "Darshan Pandya (Pakistani Spy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "spandan888", "content": "**Based on true events, makes one proud to be an Indian**\r\n\r\nRating 10/10.\r\n\r\nYear 1998 - How a country fooled the then superpower country and established its presence in the world. If you are a true Indian, this movie will fill you with love for the country, its great people, and the wonderful PM Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee we had at that time. \r\n\r\nMost people don't know the story behind the headlines, and even those headlines are a distant memory for most.\r\nThis movie does justice in bringing the stories behind the proudest moment of the country.\r\n\r\nThough the names of the leads had to be changed for the sake of confidentiality and adding an element of entertainment to the layman, the archive footage more than compensates for that.\r\n\r\nThis movie has great background soundtrack including montage songs, good acting, great direction & camera work and visual effects. Not a moment is spent idle.\r\n\r\nMust watch."}, {"pseudo": "spandan888", "content": "**Based on true events, makes one proud to be an Indian**\r\n\r\nRating 10/10.\r\n\r\nYear 1998 - How a country fooled the then superpower country and established its presence in the world. If you are a true Indian, this movie will fill you with love for the country, its great people, and the wonderful PM Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee we had at that time. \r\n\r\nMost people don't know the story behind the headlines, and even those headlines are a distant memory for most.\r\nThis movie does justice in bringing the stories behind the proudest moment of the country.\r\n\r\nThough the names of the leads had to be changed for the sake of confidentiality and adding an element of entertainment to the layman, the archive footage more than compensates for that.\r\n\r\nThis movie has great background soundtrack including montage songs, good acting, great direction & camera work and visual effects. Not a moment is spent idle.\r\n\r\nMust watch."}], "recommandations_id": [503838, 526090, 489852, 512098], "youtube_key": "qN_9DnBh3hM"}