{"tmdb_id": 46623, "title": "La Ru\u00e9e vers l'Ouest", "original_title": "Cimarron", "slug_title": "la-ruee-vers-l-ouest", "date": "1960-12-01", "genre": "Drame / Western", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1889, le pr\u00e9sident Harrison ouvre aux pionniers l'Etat de l'Oklahoma, jusqu'alors vierge de toute population. Munis de leurs chariots, ceux-ci envahissent alors cette nouvelle terre. Yancey \"Cimarron\" Cravat et sa femme en font partie. Ils s'installent dans la ville d'Osage et fondent un journal. De plus en plus connus, ils doivent affronter une bande de tueurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hYlPk4bwQh91QbbzGI0x4Te3JXA.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Yancey 'Cimarron' Cravat)", "Maria Schell (Sabra Cravat born Venable)", "Anne Baxter (Dixie Lee)", "Arthur O'Connell (Tom Wyatt)", "Russ Tamblyn (William Hardy / The Cherokee Kid)", "Mercedes McCambridge (Mrs. Sarah Wyatt)", "Vic Morrow (Wes Jennings)", "Robert Keith (Sam Pegler)", "Charles McGraw (Bob Yountis)", "Harry Morgan (Jessie Rickey)", "David Opatoshu (Sol Levy)", "Aline MacMahon (Mrs. Mavis Pegler)", "Darvas Lili (Felicia Venable)", "Edgar Buchanan (Judge Neal Hefner)", "Royal Dano (Ike Howes)", "L.Q. Jones (Millis)", "George Brenlin (Hoss Barry)", "Vladimir Sokoloff (Jacob Krubeckoff)", "Mary Wickes (Mrs. Neal Hefner)", "Phyllis Douglas (Sadie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Thinking as I have, upon seeing the two versions (on consecutive days) depicting the fourth (from April 22, 1889) of the five Oklahoma land rushes, I have to reconsider my initial impression that the 1931 film was marginally better than this, Mann's 1960 version. I realize I'm not a member of the Glenn Ford Fan Club by any stretch of the imagination, but his co-stars are WAY better, and in Anthony Mann, you find a master of both the Western and the epic format (his later 'The Fall of the Roman Empire' is one of my favourite films from the 60's).\r\n\r\nA jar of beeswax could have out-acted Richard Dix's performance in the original (it's a dirty rotten shame HE even got nominated for Best Actor, in a year when MANY outstanding actors were overshadowed, not being so honoured), but I have to admit Ford was good, even if IMHO he didn't deserve the honour of being front-and-center of a 2 1/2 hour epic, and you can't beat what Maria Schell, Anne Baxter, Harry Morgan and Vic Morrow--just to name a select few--brought to the picture.\r\n\r\nSome scenes in the 1931 original still work better, but overall I believe this is one case in which the remake is better than the original. I further would insist that had Mann not been fired and replaced by Charles Walters, it would have been a minor masterpiece."}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 83667, 90968, 18929]}