{"tmdb_id": 467405, "title": "Don't Sleep", "original_title": "Don't Sleep", "slug_title": "don-t-sleep", "date": "2017-09-29", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir emm\u00e9nag\u00e9 ensemble, deux jeunes amoureux affrontent les horreurs sorties d'une enfance oubli\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3bDQd0sdMcGRxFcvqq1k8BwocE3.jpg", "actors": ["Cary Elwes (Dr. Richard Sommers)", "Dominic Sherwood (Zach Bradford)", "Drea de Matteo (Jo Marino)", "Jill Hennessy (Cindy Bradford)", "Andrew Caldwell (Timmy Mickelsen)", "Alex Rocco (Mr. Marino)", "Alex Carter (Vincent Marino)", "Marem Hassler (Sandy Sommers)", "Charlbi Dean Kriek (Shawn Edmond)", "Dash Williams (Young Zach)", "Riley Lio (Andre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I feel like this is like the 47th horror movie I watched this year that featured spousal rape to convey that a character has been possessed. In reality it's probably only about 12, but still. What's that you ask? Is that the reason that _Don't Sleep_ is terrible? Well, no. But it is terrible, of that there is no doubt. I've said it before and I'll say it again now, if you're gonna make a movie with something like \"sleep\" or \"look away\" or \"bad\" in the title, then you better make a good movie, otherwise you just declared open season on yourself for puns about how crappy your movie is. In this case, something as straight forward as \"I couldn't help it\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [452895, 518240, 469799, 457081]}