{"tmdb_id": 46757, "title": "El Perdido", "original_title": "The Last Sunset", "slug_title": "el-perdido", "date": "1961-06-06", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu\u2019elle engage son gigantesque troupeau vers le Texas, la famille Breckenridge re\u00e7oit la visite de Brendan O\u2019Malley, un aventurier que le sh\u00e9rif Stribling poursuit pour le meurtre de son beau-fr\u00e8re. Si les deux hommes pactisent le temps de convoyer les b\u00eates, les emb\u00fbches se multiplient sur le parcours, naturelles comme une temp\u00eate de sable, guerri\u00e8res comme l\u2019attaque d\u2019indiens rebelles. La tension monte encore lorsque O\u2019Malley s\u00e9duit la jeune Missy Breckenridge dont il ignore encore \u00eatre le p\u00e8re. Et, peu \u00e0 peu, l\u2019inexorable trag\u00e9die approche : un duel entre l\u2019aventurier et le sh\u00e9rif qui, pourtant s\u2019estiment\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wBYc2L0hTMadllfiit3OqiHhahF.jpg", "actors": ["Rock Hudson (Dana Stribling)", "Kirk Douglas (Brendan 'Bren' O'Malley)", "Dorothy Malone (Belle Breckenridge)", "Joseph Cotten (John Breckenridge)", "Carol Lynley (Melissa 'Missy' Breckenridge)", "Neville Brand (Frank Hobbs)", "Regis Toomey (Milton Wing)", "James Westmoreland (Julesburg Kid)", "Adam Williams (Calverton)", "Jack Elam (Ed Hobbs)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well, you see cowboys aren't very bright. They're always broke and generally they're drunk.\r\n\r\nThe Last Sunset is directed by Robert Aldrich and adapted by Dalton Trumbo from Howard Rigsby's novel Sundown at Crazy Horse. It stars Rock Hudson, Kirk Douglas, Dorothy Malone, Joseph Cotton and Carol Lynley. In support are Jack Elam, Neville Brand & James Westmoreland. The music score is by Ernest Gold, with contributions from Dimitri Tiomkin & Tom\u00e1s M\u00e9ndez, and Ernest Laszlo is the cinematographer. It's shot in Eastman Color by Pathe, with the locations for the shoot being Aguascalientes & Distrito Federal in Mexico.\r\n\r\nBrendan O'Malley (Douglas) is on the run and drifts into Mexico where he arrives at the home of old flame Belle Breckenridge (Malone). She resides with her drunkard husband John (Cotton) and her daughter Melissa, they are in preparation for a cattle drive to Texas. Hot on O'Malley's heels is lawman Dana Stribling (Hudson) who has a very personal reason for getting him back for justice to be served. Making an uneasy agreement, both men join the Breckenridge's on the drive. As they near Texas the tensions start to mount, not least because Stribling is starting to court Belle and O'Malley is increasingly drawn by her daughter Missy.\r\n\r\nLyrical, contemplative and evocative, three words you wouldn't readily associate with the director of Ulzana's Raid, The Longest Yard and The Dirty Dozen. Yet all three words are very fitting for this underseen Robert Aldrich movie. Although containing many of the basic elements that made up the American Western film's of the 50s, The Last Sunset has a very intriguing screenplay by Trumbo from which to flourish. The story is crammed full of sexual neurosis, yearnings, regret, hate, revenge and forbidden love. If that all sounds very \"Greek Tragedy\" then that's probably about right, as is the film being likened to a Western done by Douglas Sirk. It is melodramatic, but it does have moments of levity and up tempo action sequences, too. It's a very rounded picture, with very well formed characters, characters very well brought to life by the mostly on form cast. All played out amongst some gorgeous scenic panorama's that Aldrich and Laszlo have managed to make seem as poetic observers to the unfolding drama.\r\n\r\nSome of it's odd, and the film is far from flawless (Cotten is poor, Elam & Brand underused), but the little irks are easily forgiven when judging the film as a whole. Lyrical, contemplative and evocative: indeed. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well, you see cowboys aren't very bright. They're always broke and generally they're drunk.\r\n\r\nThe Last Sunset is directed by Robert Aldrich and adapted by Dalton Trumbo from Howard Rigsby's novel Sundown at Crazy Horse. It stars Rock Hudson, Kirk Douglas, Dorothy Malone, Joseph Cotton and Carol Lynley. In support are Jack Elam, Neville Brand & James Westmoreland. The music score is by Ernest Gold, with contributions from Dimitri Tiomkin & Tom\u00e1s M\u00e9ndez, and Ernest Laszlo is the cinematographer. It's shot in Eastman Color by Pathe, with the locations for the shoot being Aguascalientes & Distrito Federal in Mexico.\r\n\r\nBrendan O'Malley (Douglas) is on the run and drifts into Mexico where he arrives at the home of old flame Belle Breckenridge (Malone). She resides with her drunkard husband John (Cotton) and her daughter Melissa, they are in preparation for a cattle drive to Texas. Hot on O'Malley's heels is lawman Dana Stribling (Hudson) who has a very personal reason for getting him back for justice to be served. Making an uneasy agreement, both men join the Breckenridge's on the drive. As they near Texas the tensions start to mount, not least because Stribling is starting to court Belle and O'Malley is increasingly drawn by her daughter Missy.\r\n\r\nLyrical, contemplative and evocative, three words you wouldn't readily associate with the director of Ulzana's Raid, The Longest Yard and The Dirty Dozen. Yet all three words are very fitting for this underseen Robert Aldrich movie. Although containing many of the basic elements that made up the American Western film's of the 50s, The Last Sunset has a very intriguing screenplay by Trumbo from which to flourish. The story is crammed full of sexual neurosis, yearnings, regret, hate, revenge and forbidden love. If that all sounds very \"Greek Tragedy\" then that's probably about right, as is the film being likened to a Western done by Douglas Sirk. It is melodramatic, but it does have moments of levity and up tempo action sequences, too. It's a very rounded picture, with very well formed characters, characters very well brought to life by the mostly on form cast. All played out amongst some gorgeous scenic panorama's that Aldrich and Laszlo have managed to make seem as poetic observers to the unfolding drama.\r\n\r\nSome of it's odd, and the film is far from flawless (Cotten is poor, Elam & Brand underused), but the little irks are easily forgiven when judging the film as a whole. Lyrical, contemplative and evocative: indeed. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [46623, 60799, 83667, 79758]}