{"tmdb_id": 467660, "title": "Parano\u00efa", "original_title": "Unsane", "slug_title": "paranoia", "date": "2018-02-21", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme, convaincue d\u2019\u00eatre harcel\u00e9e, est enferm\u00e9e contre son gr\u00e9 dans une institution psychiatrique. Alors m\u00eame qu\u2019elle tente de convaincre tout le monde qu\u2019elle est en danger, elle commence \u00e0 se demander si sa peur est fond\u00e9e ou le fruit de son imagination \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lANmKXFa3iUuQNvxKKWH2WXXkrN.jpg", "actors": ["Claire Foy (Sawyer Valentini)", "Joshua Leonard (David Strine)", "Jay Pharoah (Nate Hoffman)", "Juno Temple (Violet)", "Aimee Mullins (Ashley Brighterhouse)", "Amy Irving (Angela Valentini)", "Zach Cherry (Denis)", "Sarah Stiles (Jill)", "Matt Damon (Detective Ferguson)", "Ra\u00fal Castillo (Jacob)", "Erin Wilhelmi (Hayley)", "Colin Woodell (Mark)", "Gibson Frazier (Dr. Hawthorne)", "Polly McKie (Nurse Boles)", "Ursula Triplett (Police (Arresting) Officer)", "Michael Mihm (Steve)", "Laura Rothschild (Restaurant Patron)", "Sol Marina Crespo (Female Patient)", "Kevin Dean O'Connor (George Shaw)", "Rashonna Jenkins (FBI Agent)", "Matt Mancini (Medical Technician)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Divisive Dilemas.\r\n\r\nHave to be honest, I had no idea this was filmed on an iPhone 7 or that it was directed by Steven Soderbergh. I was stuck for something to watch on cable the other night and I liked the sound of the plot premise. So unburdened by expectation of a searing horror classic I settled in to see what unfolds.\r\n\r\nPlot has Claire Foy as Sawyer Valentini who inadvertently commits herself to a mental health institution. Once inside things being to unravel and the threat of her one time stalker now being even close to her opens up the book of terror - but is it real?\r\n\r\nFirstly you have to say that the mental health authorities must have had kittens when they saw this, much of what is on screen is utterly ridiculous and paints the system in a damning light. Secondly you really have to jump on board with the improbability of it all, this really is made for dramatic entertainment purpose and not as a viable horror of the real world.\r\n\r\nAs a thriller it worked for me, the constant question of what is real or not keeps things on the slow burn. Either way, real or not, it's thought provoking enough to warrant staying till pics end. The psychological angle is pungent enough to say there's some thought in the writing, though this is undone by utter nonsense as things spiral into the impossible for the final quarter of film.\r\n\r\nFoy is good value up front and the fulcrum of it all, while elsewhere good work comes from Nate Hoffman and it's nice to see Juno Temple in a spicy role. Ultimately this is no blood letting horror picture, and certainly it's no One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest, Girl Interrupted etc etc. \r\n\r\nThe iPhone experiment is a gimmick that works here due to the confines of the location for story, but as a genre piece of worth it is unlikely to have legs. However, even though I enjoyed this as a one time only viewing experience, I perfectly understand why it has become divisive. So for those who haven't seen it yet then it is advised you understand this is no terrifying thrill a minute piece. It's tricky to recommend with any sort of confidence, and thus I feel the internet ratings of about 6.5/10 is just about right. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [493922, 429417, 397722, 476299]}