{"tmdb_id": 467808, "title": "Once a Hero", "original_title": "Once a Hero", "slug_title": "once-a-hero", "date": "1987-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In a world gone mad, one man lives to turn wrong to right, bad to good, and despicable to black-and-blue. One man lives to beat back the forces of evil with a legendary arsenal of superpowers. One man lives to kiss the babies, impress the ladies, and make grown men weep. He is Captain Justice, and this is his story. The Cicero Gang, the dregs of society, a vicious pack of power-hungry psychopaths, has taken Captain Justice's number one fan, Woody, and his mom hostage. Once again, evil reigns and innocent lives lay in danger. Can anyone survive? Is this really curtains for rosy cheeks, bubble gum and mom's apple pie? But wait! What is that speck on the horizon, blasting through the Forbidden Zone like a rocket? It's a force beyond the imagination. The man, the myth, the ultimate comic book superhero - it's Captain Justice, speeding towards perilous adventure and various acts of bravery.  74-minute movie is an assembly edit of various episodes from the TV show.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o40YRSObfAax5lWZBF2L7BB2EPU.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Lester (Captain Justice)", "Josh Blake (Woody Greely)", "Caitlin Clarke (Emma Greely)", "Robert Forster (Gumshoe)", "Milo O'Shea (Abner Bevis)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}