{"tmdb_id": 467938, "title": "Revenge", "original_title": "Revenge", "slug_title": "revenge", "date": "2017-09-10", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Trois riches chefs d\u2019entreprise quarantenaires, mari\u00e9s et bons p\u00e8res de famille se retrouvent pour leur partie de chasse annuelle dans une zone d\u00e9sertique de canyons. Un moyen pour eux d\u2019\u00e9vacuer leur stress et d\u2019affirmer leur virilit\u00e9 armes \u00e0 la main. Mais cette fois, l\u2019un d\u2019eux est venu avec sa jeune ma\u00eetresse, une lolita ultra sexy qui attise rapidement la convoitise des deux autres... Les choses d\u00e9rapent... Dans l'enfer du d\u00e9sert, la jeune femme laiss\u00e9e pour morte reprend vie... Et la partie de chasse se transforme en une impitoyable chasse \u00e0 l'homme...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aMv5ILxjzA9S930eLImSjfecETH.jpg", "actors": ["Matilda Anna Ingrid Lutz (Jen)", "Kevin Janssens (Richard)", "Vincent Colombe (Stan)", "Guillaume Bouch\u00e8de (Dimitri)", "Jean-Louis Tribes (Roberto)", "Avant Strangel (TV Soap Opera Actor (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The kick in the pants that exploitation films needs.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "ausher8", "content": "Revenge had so much going for it. The acting was surprisingly good. The symbolism was well done. She actually looked like she'd gone through hell in the desert with dirty hair and grime. Camerawork and the setting was outstanding. Unfortunately the first conflict, which is the basis for the rest of the movie, ended up being way over the top and completely unbelievable. Not to mention the ridiculous amounts of blood everywhere. I wanted more relatable believability and less pointless gore."}, {"pseudo": "Stephen Campbell", "content": "**_Gory, but brilliant_**\r\n\r\n> _It was very important for Jen to be fully objectified at the beginning of the film, to show that she is at ease with her body and how she uses it, at ease with how she seduces men and attracts male attention. But what I'm trying to get across is that this is not the problem, but rather that the male characters believe that the way she looks authorises them to treat her as though she is to be used and then disposed of like a worthless piece of rubbish. The male gaze in film often implies that women are to blame for acts of sexual violence committed against them,_ _which is deeply problematic. Through each male character, I wanted to show the different abusive behaviours that, to a large extent, have become normalised in today's society._\r\n\r\n- Coralie Fargeat; \"Exclusive Interview with _Revenge_ Director Coralie Fargeat\"; _Bird's Eye View_ (December 5, 2018)\r\n\r\n\r\nJen (a superb Matilda Lutz) and her married lover Richard (Kevin Janssens) are enjoying a romantic weekend in his isolated house in the desert. However, shortly after they arrive, Richard's friends, Stan (Vincent Colombe), Dimitri (Guillaume Bouch\u00e8de), and Roberto (Jean-Louis Tribes) show up unannounced, urging Richard to join them on a hunting trip. As tension mounts in the house, Stan rapes Jen, but when she says she is going to go to the police, and to alert Richard's wife of his affair, the men attack her and leave her for dead. However, unbeknownst to them, she survives the assault, and has set on revenge.\r\n\r\nVery much in the vein of films such as Sam Peckingpah's _Strawdogs_ (1971) and Meir Zarchi's _I Spit On Your Grave_ (1978), _Revenge_ is an insanely gory rape-revenge thriller. In her feature debut, writer/director Coralie Fargeat displays an astonishing visual panache as she reappropriates this exploitative sub-genre for the post #MeToo era. From the expansive Ford-esque vistas of the desert to the claustrophobic and labyrinthine finale, her visual language is as dexterous and thematically justified as one would expect from a master stylist such as Michael Mann. The film is very much about the dangers and darker implications of the male gaze, and the way Fargeat's constantly moving camera lingers on actress Matilda Lutz's half-naked body is deeply unsettling, challenging the audience to look at her in the same way the male characters do, before turning this notion on its head in the second half of the film. If you can ignore the plot contrivances, and stomach the gore, you will find a socially relevant film that is as auspicious a debut as you're likely to see all year."}], "recommandations_id": [500664, 493922, 460885, 470229], "youtube_key": "wEVxKimr1MU"}