{"tmdb_id": 468636, "title": "The Taker's Crown", "original_title": "The Taker's Crown", "slug_title": "the-taker-s-crown", "date": "2017-07-20", "genre": ["Fantastique / Aventure"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "The legendary King Wiglaf must assemble the most unlikely team to find The Taker's crown of power before Tome, the Titan thief, claims it and brings destruction upon humanity.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gwQTa8x6kE2LONQmKOAOWN3VwZg.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Kaiser (Wiglaf)", "Tiffany Burns (Caila)", "Jared Withrow (Albert)", "Mike Tremblay (Tome)", "Eric Moyer (Julian the Maverick)", "Noah Robbie (Rogan)", "Greg J. Wolfe (Caleb)", "Jennifer Sulkowski (Kara)", "Sophie Bolen (Jane)", "Schalet Jackson (Woman)", "Jeannine Thompson (Freya)", "Alethea Varner (Melissa)", "Stephan Brown (Theif)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zhadow900", "content": "_\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd_\r\n\r\n**POSSIBLE SPOILERS**\r\n\r\nRogan and Albert were easily my favorite characters (Rogan being number one). That said, I didn't feel super connected or cared enough about any of the others. I thought they were just fine. It's a fairly decent story and I'm glad I watch The Taker beforehand even though it didn't effect the plot too much. Two things that threw me off about the film (besides technical stuff) was that it A just dropped you in and you felt lost for the first couple minutes and B that it was set in the modern day. My second issue has more to do with costumes feeling bit and out of place (as well as looking annoyingly clean) given the time. That and when scenes were shot in the city or anywhere the showed anything modern I was confused if it was meant to be that way or not. I guess now that I think about it, the whole time travel deal with Wiglaf explained it. Even still I was confused about the time and the setting as the movie gives off a fantasy vibe.\r\n\r\nIf you've read all of this and for some reason haven't seen the movie, watch the movie because it is really impressive to pull something like this off. I'm still excited to see where WhiteShore Films takes the universe of Everwyn."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "AGIh1dkssuk"}