{"tmdb_id": 468619, "title": "Evolve 8: Style Battle", "original_title": "Evolve 8: Style Battle", "slug_title": "evolve-8-style-battle", "date": "2011-05-20", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The concept of the first ever Style Battle tournament is simple. EVOLVE took eight wrestlers, each representing a different style, and pitted them against each other in a one night single elimination tournament. This was a special event focused on determining the best style of wrestling and did not effect each wrestler's record. The only win that matters is the man left standing at the end of the night. He will go down in history as the first Style Battle winner. EVOLVE 8: STYLE BATTLE First Round Matches: AR Fox (High-Flying) vs. Rich Swann (Swann Style) Austin Aries (Hybrid) vs. Bobby Fish (Puroresu Jr. Heavyweight) Brodie Lee (Super Heavyweight) vs. Sami Callihan (Hard Hitting) Jon Davis (Power) vs. Tony Nese (Standing Combat) Plus Semi-Finals & Finals Non-Tournament Matches: The New Havana Pitbulls vs. The SAT FRAY! with the winner going to Dragon Gate USA featuring Scott Reed, Cheech Hernandez, Brian XL, Blain Rage, Kory Chavis, Pinkie Sanches, Derek Ryze & Ahtu", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Thomas James \"TJ\" Ballester (AR Fox)", "Rich Swann ()", "Jon Davis ()", "Anthony Nese ()", "Sam Johnston (Sami Callihan)", "Jon Huber (Brodie Lee)", "Robert Anthony Fish ()", "Daniel Healy Solwold Jr. (Austin Aries)", "Rick Diaz (Ricky Reyes)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "IYrHCGx0xHg"}