{"tmdb_id": 46874, "title": "Chiens, \u00e0 vous de crever", "original_title": "Hunde, wollt Ihr ewig leben", "slug_title": "chiens-a-vous-de-crever", "date": "1959-04-07", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Octobre 1942. Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral von Paulus qui commande la 6\u00e8me Arm\u00e9e ob\u00e9it aveuglement \u00e0 Hitler qui exige, co\u00fbte que co\u00fbte, qu\u2019il tienne Stalingrad et r\u00e9siste par tous les moyens \u00e0 l\u2019encerclement des troupes sovi\u00e9tiques. Dans les rangs allemands, les soldats priv\u00e9s d\u2019armes et de vivres commencent \u00e0 prendre conscience de la folie m\u00e9galomane du F\u00fchrer. Parmi eux, l\u2019aum\u00f4nier Bosh, le lieutenant Wisse, le sergent B\u00f6se et le caporal Kr\u00e4mer red\u00e9couvrent des valeurs humaines que la guerre avait annihil\u00e9es.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eCcNmvOg2QfYfWubx2iOEigSCdh.jpg", "actors": ["Joachim Hansen (Oberleutnant Wisse)", "Wilhelm Borchert (Gen. Friedrich Paulus)", "Wolfgang Preiss (Major Linkmann)", "Carl Lange (General von Seydlitz)", "Horst Frank (Feldwebel B\u00f6se)", "Peter Carsten (Gefreiter Kr\u00e4mer)", "Richard M\u00fcnch (Oberstleutnant Kesselbach)", "G\u00fcnter Pfitzmann (Wachmeister Kunowski)", "Sonja Ziemann (Katja)", "Gunnar M\u00f6ller (Leutnant Fuhrmann)", "Ernst von Klipstein (Ein General)", "Armin Dahlen (Major Stanescu)", "Karl John (Generaloberst Hoth)", "Alexander Kerst (Kriegspfarrer Busch)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A dead soldier dose not care who won or lost.\r\n\r\nHunde, wollt ihr ewig leben (Dogs, do you want to live forever?) Is directed by Frank Wisbar and adapted to screenplay by Wisbar, Frank Dimen and Heinz Schr\u00f6ter from the Fritz W\u00f6ss novel. It stars Joachim Hansen, Wilhelm Borchert, Wolfgang Preiss and Carl Lange. Music is by Herbert Windt and cinematography by Helmut Ashley. \r\n\r\nIt was a hell hole pocket. \r\n\r\nA little cracker jack of a war movie, coming at things from a German's point of view during the Battle of Stalingrad. Through the eyes of our protagonist we come to be part of his disillusionment with the Nazi ways, we witness cowardly majors and obstinate leaders who left the German troops and their allies ill equipped to fight the battle. \r\n\r\nA bitter Xmas present. \r\n\r\nAs Hermann G\u00f6ring preaches from his pulpit, many miles away from the battle, he's celebrating the 10th anniversary of The Third Reich, all while Stalingrad burns and his army lie dying or limbless in a makeshift grungy hospital. The impact is enough to sicken you to your stomach. \r\n\r\nAway from the anti-war thematic thrusts of the narrative, battle scenes are niftily constructed (though some of the spliced footage is incorrect to this battle). While the monochrome photography is in turns gorgeous and then potent to the horrors of war. Splendidly performed by the principals as well.\r\n\r\nAs has been noted by others who have reviewed this little seen film, the subtitles are poor. Too fast to read sometimes while any language not in German (Eastern Europeans) isn't catered for. A shame, but in the wake of what a very good film this is, it's a small price to pay. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [45538, 49837, 21073, 25911], "youtube_key": "DwULDQihrzs"}