{"tmdb_id": 46892, "title": "Who Done It?", "original_title": "Who Done It?", "slug_title": "who-done-it", "date": "1956-03-20", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "This movie debut for saucy British TV comic Benny Hill has Benny leaving his job as a sweeper after winning some money. He becomes a private detective and investigates a plot to assassinate British scientists.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kgcytVWn52acpG5WRhJ2l77IS9P.jpg", "actors": ["Benny Hill (Hugo Dill)", "Belinda Lee (Frankie Mayne)", "David Kossoff (Zacco)", "Garry Marsh (Det. Inp. Hancock)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Dill Detective.\r\n\r\nWho Done It? is out of Ealing Studios, directed by Basil Dearden and written by T.E.B. Clarke. It stars Benny Hill, Belinda Lee, David Kossof, Gary Marsh, George Margo, Ernest Thesiger and Denis Shaw. Music is by Philip Green and cinematography by Otto Heller.\r\n\r\nBenny Hill's first foray into film has him playing Hugo Dill, an Ice Rink attendant who dreams of one day becoming a detective like those in the magazines he reads. When he wins a competition that sees him land \u00a3100 and a Bloodhound! He promptly sets up his own detective agency, which provides colourful chaos...\r\n\r\nIt came out as Ealing Sudios was entering its last furlong, the great studio's wonderful comedies behind them, this very much feels like a last throw of the dice whilst giving Hill's career a timely push. As it happens, and as we now know, Hill would find his fame and fortune in Television and not on film. This s amiable stuff for those after a bit of slapstick and prat falling. Basically Hill is thrust into a murderous plot involving spies, where he's out of his depth and not aware of what is really going on half the time, which sets it all up for mishaps, misadventures and misunderstandings.\r\n\r\nLove interest and muscle foil (seriously) comes via the gorgeous Belinda Lee, sadly to lose her life in a road accident five years later, whilst a number of well known British acting faces are in and around the plot so we can play spot the star. The number of chaotic scenes involving chases and destruction of events and property etc are well played out, with the obligatory speed framing technique showing its face as well, and it builds to a frenetic last quarter of film that culminates at the old West Ham Stadium, a location familiar to Stock Car/Speedway/Greyhound enthusiasts before its closure in 1972. It's a finale that saves the film and rewards those who have stayed with the pic throughout its daft formulaic throes. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}