{"tmdb_id": 468996, "title": "Super Size Me 2: Holy Chicken!", "original_title": "Super Size Me 2: Holy Chicken!", "slug_title": "super-size-me-2-holy-chicken", "date": "2017-09-07", "genre": [""], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "Muckraking filmmaker Morgan Spurlock reignites his battle with the food industry \u2014 this time from behind the register \u2014 as he opens his own fast food restaurant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aDrS041E3E1nRtzkn9WpMnBmGOA.jpg", "actors": ["Morgan Spurlock (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "atomicpixle", "content": "Super Size Me 2: Holy Chicken! is a 2017 American documentary film directed by Morgan Spurlock. A sequel to the 2004 film Super Size Me, it explores the ways in which the fast food industry has rebranded itself as healthier since his original film through the process of Spurlock working to open his own fast food restaurant, thus exposing some of the ways in which that rebranding is more perception than reality.  -Wikipedia\r\n\r\nSince Spurlock's long-overdue indictment of the fast food industry in 2004, healthy menu options have become a popular trend, buoyed by clever marketing buzzwords such as organic, artisan, and all-natural. But does any of this really translate to improved alternatives for consumers? In his signature style, Spurlock creates his own fast-food chain from the ground up; he rents space at a chicken farm, conceives a menu, and hires a savvy marketing team to craft a brand that will appeal to health-minded customers. Recognizing how simple it is to follow the FDA's absurdly vague guidelines for applying terms like \"free-range\" to the food you serve, he opens Holy Chicken!, a restaurant peddling convenience fare under the guise of being better for you. Though he is overtly transparent about the ruse, will anyone actually notice? -Google"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}