{"tmdb_id": 469062, "title": "Scotty and the Secret History of Hollywood", "original_title": "Scotty and the Secret History of Hollywood", "slug_title": "scotty-and-the-secret-history-of-hollywood", "date": "2018-07-27", "genre": "Documentaire", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2uXDNXBoIrRBbfpVrvegoLr8OVt.jpg", "actors": ["Scotty Bowers (Himself)", "Peter Bart (Himself)", "William Mann (Himself)", "Robert Hofler (Himself)", "Stephen Fry (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "cityguide", "content": "\u201cScotty and the Secret History of Hollywood\u201d wears a lot of hats, none of which quite fits. A salacious tell-all about the hidden sex lives of postwar movie stars; a peek at the underbelly of the repressive moral dictates of the studio system; a breezy biography of a self-described Hollywood prostitute and procurer; and a psychosexual study of a possibly damaged victim of extreme childhood abuse.\r\n\r\nOnly the last offers a clue to interpreting the movie\u2019s more astonishing revelations and unprobed corners. Until then, Matt Tyrnauer\u2019s gossipy portrait of Scotty Bowers, an impish nonagenarian and former Marine, listens without judgment as he describes decades of servicing the closeted hungers of stars like Rock Hudson and Katharine Hepburn, helped by an eager network of World War II buddies. Back then, in a couple of trailers behind a gas station on Hollywood Boulevard, $20 could buy just about anything.\r\n\r\nMeandering behind Mr. Bowers as he shares faded photographs of extravagantly endowed young men and prurient factoids about his famous \u201ctricks\u201d \u2014 cheekily illustrated with scenes from classic movies that read rather differently in hindsight \u2014 Mr. Tyrnauer surreptitiously hoses away the layers of dirt to reveal the fragility of his subject\u2019s anything-goes hedonism. Benevolent hustler (he never took a cut of others\u2019 action) or naughty fabulist \u2014 perhaps both \u2014 Mr. Bowers putters around his hoarded Hollywood Hills home and gazes into the hole in his patio deck as if searching for something lost long ago.\r\n\r\nConsequently, what starts out salty ends up as something sadder and more complicated. And when he unabashedly recalls a childhood rife with sexual encounters \u2014 which he insists were consensual \u2014 with adults, the camera fixes on his mile-wide grin and we wonder if his mission to meet the needs of others has somehow ignored his own."}], "recommandations_id": [400617, 449176]}