{"tmdb_id": 46929, "title": "Coquin de Printemps", "original_title": "Fun & Fancy Free", "slug_title": "coquin-de-printemps", "date": "1947-09-27", "genre": ["Animation / Familial / Musique"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Jiminy Cricket raconte deux histoires: \"Bongo, Roi du Cirque\" et \"Mickey et le Haricot magique\". Dans la premi\u00e8re, un ours s'\u00e9chappe de son cirque pour vivre dans la for\u00eat. L\u00e0, il rencontre une belle ourse et tombe amoureux. Mais il devra affronter ses rivaux afin de triompher...  Dans la seconde, Mickey, Donald et Dingo doivent retrouver la Harpe chantante, vol\u00e9e par le g\u00e9ant Willie. Pour cela, ils devront grimper sur un haricot g\u00e9ant...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1OuUZOWCSwPSxkZZeArFSA01LlV.jpg", "actors": ["Edgar Bergen (Himself)", "Dinah Shore (Narrator)", "Mortimer Snerd (Himself)", "Luana Patten (Herself)", "Walt Disney (Mickey Mouse)", "Anita Gordon (Singing Harp)", "Cliff Edwards (Jiminy Cricket)", "Cliff Edwards (Willie the Giant)", "Clarence Nash (Donald Duck / Cat)", "The King's Men (Singers)", "The Dinning Sisters (Singers)", "The Starlighters (The Starlighters)", "Candy Candido (Lumpjaw the Bully Grizzly Bear)", "Pinto Colvig (Goofy)", "James MacDonald (Mickey Mouse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lwpcolonel", "content": "After World War 2 the Disney studio had difficulty getting back to where they were prior to the war's disruptive affects on the studio's operations. Having said that, they produced what they called \"Package Features\", which contained multiple stories rather than just one feature, as was the case with \"Snow White\", \"Pinocchio\", and \"Fantasia\", prior to the war. \n\nThis one, \"Fun And Fancy Free\", uses 2 story lines that were in development prior to the American declaration of War, in December of 1941. \"Mickey & the Beanstalk\", pictured on the cover, plus \"Bongo\" the 'Circus Bear'. 2 films that weren't fleshed out sufficiently to be a feature, on their own, but put together with Edgar Bergman and his act for narrative and time filling purposes. I have this and the others in this series on DVD for children and grandchildren, but this isn't Disney's best effort. There are special features on some of both the Video & DVD editions which does make the \"Package Feature\" worthwhile.\n\nOther \"Package Features\" include, \"Melody Time\", \"Make Mine Music\", \"Three Caballeros\", \"The Adventures of Ichabod & Mr. Toad\". All produced in the late 1940s and having somewhat pieced together though highly watchable formats made to suit a young audience."}], "recommandations_id": [13757, 20343, 14906, 13465], "youtube_key": "tzQZT3H6Nzc"}