{"tmdb_id": 46942, "title": "The Ranger, the Cook and a Hole in the Sky", "original_title": "The Ranger, the Cook and a Hole in the Sky", "slug_title": "the-ranger-the-cook-and-a-hole-in-the-sky", "date": "1995-06-15", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Western"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "A young ranger in the Montana wilderness discovers the great forces of nature while learning the importance of honor, trust and integrity. Legendary veteran ranger Bill Bell educates the young man and guides him toward manhood. The year is 1919-a time when being a ranger meant more than operating expensive equipment. Forest fires were fought with guts and courage, not chemicals and airplanes. Bill Bell was the toughest ranger in an elite crew of very rugged men. A figure of heroic proportions, he was generally feared and respected by all. It was even rumored that he had at one time killed a sheep farmer, which only fueled his already enormous reputation. The young ranger does everything to remain in the good graces of Bill Bell, the senior ranger he idolizes. Their tentative rapport grows into a friendship through a hilarious and heroic rite of passage in which the younger ranger meets the test-and the woman of his dreams.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/najTCV5BzO0CnuN802Ox05LJeSh.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Elliott (Bill Bell)", "Jerry O'Connell (Mac)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "A young man\u2019s experiences in the forest service in Montana in 1919\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 1995 and directed by John Kent Harrison, \"The Ranger, the Cook and a Hole in the Sky\" chronicles events in the western Montana wilderness in 1919 where a cocky 17 year-old (Jerry O'Connell) in the forest service is guided by a seasoned ranger (Sam Elliott), conflicts with a card shark cook (Ricky Jay) and becomes infatuated by a cute girl (Molly Parker).\r\n\r\nThere are only a few Western Staples, like the scenic landscapes, card games, a saloon fight and saloon girls (prostitutes). Other than that, this is a Wilderness Drama wherein a teen comes of age. It\u2019s fairly family friendly and only hints at the worldly temptation youths will eventually face. The beauty of the wilderness is emphasized with the corresponding arduous hiking, camping, forest work, relationships and so forth. It\u2019s a likable movie if this appeals to you and realistically low-key.  \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 34 minutes and was shot in British Columbia, Canada. WRITERS: Norman Maclean (book) and Robert Wayne (teleplay).  \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}