{"tmdb_id": 469882, "title": "A Tailor-Made Man", "original_title": "A Tailor-Made Man", "slug_title": "a-tailor-made-man", "date": "1931-03-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "John Paul Bart is just a pants-presser in a tailor's shop, but he has big ambitions. One night, he borrows the clothes of a wealthy client and bluffs his way into a high society party. After meeting wealthy businessman Abraham Nathan, John Paul quickly rises to the top of Nathan's company. Suffering during The Depression, John Paul helps Nathan save his company with a radical program of cooperative ownership between workers and management. Meanwhile, John Paul makes an enemy of Gustav, who is engaged to Tanya - the daughter of Mr. Huber, owner of the tailor shop. John Paul maintains a friendship with Tanya, provoking jealousy in Gustav. Gustav threatens to reveal John Paul's plain origins to Nathan, and John Paul briefly resigns from Nathan's company. However, John Paul's plan is a success, and Nathan hires him back immediately. Tanya leaves Gustav and ends up with John Paul.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7EFY1H9qxvQ5suEfZkfEZCTVIyj.jpg", "actors": ["William Haines (John Paul Bart)", "Dorothy Jordan (Tanya)", "Joseph Cawthorn (Huber)", "Majorie Rambeau (Kitty DuPuy)", "William Austin (Jellicott)", "Ian Keith (Dr. Gustav von Sonntag)", "Hedda Hopper (Mrs. Stanslaw)", "Hale Hamilton (Mr. Stanlaw)", "Hedda Hopper (Mrs. Stanlaw)", "Henry Armetta (Peter, Tailor)", "Walter Walker (Abraham Nathan)", "Forrester Harvey (Pomeroy)", "Joan Marsh (Beanie)", "Martha Sleeper (Corrine)", "Ann Dvorak (Bit (uncredited))", "Hilda Vaughn ((uncredited))", "Suzanne Wood ((uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}