{"tmdb_id": 470229, "title": "Summer of 84", "original_title": "Summer of 84", "slug_title": "summer-of-84", "date": "2018-08-10", "genre": "Thriller / Myst\u00e8re / Drame / Horreur", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "\u00c9t\u00e9 1984. Plusieurs adolescents disparaissent dans une petite ville des \u00c9tats-Unis. Le jeune Davey Armstrong est persuad\u00e9 que c\u2019est l\u2019oeuvre d\u2019un tueur en s\u00e9rie et se met \u00e0 soup\u00e7onner son propre voisin, policier en charge de l\u2019enqu\u00eate. Aid\u00e9 de ses 3 ins\u00e9parables amis, il d\u00e9cide d\u2019enqu\u00eater pour faire la lumi\u00e8re sur ces disparitions. Mais cette qu\u00eate de la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 va s\u2019av\u00e9rer extr\u00eamement dangereuse\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zastd8zM2ftOJpC7Y6gRFqAB7r.jpg", "actors": ["Graham Verchere (Davey Armstrong)", "Judah Lewis (Tommy 'Eats' Eaton)", "Caleb Emery (Dale 'Woody' Woodworth)", "Cory Gruter-Andrew (Curtis Farraday)", "Tiera Skovbye (Nikki Kaszuba)", "Rich Sommer (Wayne Mackey)", "Jason Gray-Stanford (Randall Armstrong)", "J. Alex Brinson (Officer Cole)", "William MacDonald (Sheriff Caldwell)", "Harrison Houde (Bobby)", "Mark Brandon (News Anchor)", "Susie Castillo (Brenda Woodworth)", "Jaiven Natt (Young Kid)", "Shauna Johannesen (Sheila Armstrong)", "Aren Buchholz (Kyle)", "Patrick Lubczyk (Teenage boy)", "Reilly Jacob (Dusty Dewitt)", "Patrick Keating (Fisherman)", "Jordan Buhat (Dorky Customer)", "Shahrokh Ferdowsi (Police Detective)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "A very pleasant surprise. It was hardcore derivative, but that didn't stop me from enjoying it. Even if it had, there is **nothing** old hat about that ending.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}, {"pseudo": "Kewl Kat", "content": "**Perhaps some mild spoilers**\r\n1/3 of the way through and so far it's rather annoying. Ridiculous dialog, unrealistic feel and cliche stuff that copies recent successful shows/movies. I'll finish it later but I'm not expecting much. OK...finished it! It actually ends up better than it started. I think it could have been vastly improved with a few changes. It tries too hard in places and a few of the characters were unrealistic or maybe the acting was just bad. The dad was acted poorly and the neighbor girl was too old and unbelievable. She seemed like some 25-year-old Playboy Bunny crushing on the nerdy kid she used to babysit. There is no universe in the multiverse where this would happen. All that said, the conclusion was pretty good and obviously opens it up for a sequel at some point.  I really thought the it was setting up for a giant twist where the guy who you thought was the killer was innocent and the real killer was the hot neighbor girl. That would have explained her unhealthy obsession with the boy next door. 6/10."}], "recommandations_id": [460885, 503752, 429417, 472226]}