{"tmdb_id": 470440, "title": "Big Butts Like It Big #7", "original_title": "Big Butts Like It Big #7", "slug_title": "big-butts-like-it-big-7", "date": "2010-09-29", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Self Absorbed Ass - Phoenix is the star of her band. She became famous for her big ass and has turned into a huge bitch. Her band members know just how to bring her back to reality.\r Ass for Directions - Fed up and lost, Mackenzee ditches her boyfriend and strikes out alone. She finds a store and demands a map. The clerk gives her a map leading her ass onto his dick.\r Do Not Touch - James loves big asses and Aletta's got one. He gets a lap dance from her but is not allowed to touch her at all. He waits until she gets off work and sinks his dick in her ass.\r Escorted to the Brazilian Back Door - Monica is a Portuguese escort trying to make ends meat. She goes to the wrong house by mistake. She won't leave until she gets the job done and gets paid!\r The Teleporter - The infamous villain Teleporter is back to his old tricks again. This time he is being pursued by Agent Heart. Can she catch him? Will he strike again? Stay tuned for some anal-packed action!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qtABYCcEHLz8gawPoJ7idK81iOv.jpg", "actors": ["Phoenix Marie ()", "Aletta Ocean ()", "Bobbi Starr ()", "Mackenzee Pierce ()", "Monica Santhiago ()", "Emma Heart ()", "Jordan Ash ()", "Scott Nails ()", "Johnny Sins ()", "James Deen ()", "Keiran Lee ()", "Mick Blue ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}