{"tmdb_id": 470528, "title": "The Blackwell Ghost", "original_title": "The Blackwell Ghost", "slug_title": "the-blackwell-ghost", "date": "2017-08-11", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "A filmmaker tries to prove that ghosts are real but soon regrets his intentions after he finds himself being terrorized in a haunted house by a ghost with a dark past. An authentic documentary that shows actual ghost footage that was captured on camera.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xqpbsZYPPULdZcErDtGKld6QJws.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zinema", "content": "59 minutes long and without much of a budget, The Black Well ghost is clever in how it manages to still creep out the audience. Proving once again, that when it comes to horror films, it's the unseen forces of evil and underlying implications that are always the scariest. \r\n\r\nThis is not to say the film is flawless, or even a classic of the faux-doc/found footage horror cannon (a particular favorite sub-genre of mine). For the first half hour or so, the film rivals that of the somewhat similar Lake Mungo in how convincing it is. Even someone like myself who has seen countless numbers of these types of films, I was uncertain if this was an actual documentary or not. While it isn't able to hold the spell in the second half, it still remains never less than authentic and effective. \r\n\r\nDespite some stumbles in the final stretch (that non-diagetic soundtrack is a no no, and the wife's behavior gives it away)  you must give credit where it's due. Consistently intriguing, well-acted, with a good dose of tension thrown in the mix, The Blackwell Ghost is an under seen gem, though it wont exactly convert those who aren't fans of these types of films."}], "recommandations_id": [326446], "youtube_key": "notfound"}