{"tmdb_id": 470641, "title": "The Brawler", "original_title": "\u092e\u0941\u0915\u094d\u0915\u093e\u092c\u093e\u095b", "slug_title": "the-brawler", "date": "2018-01-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Shravan Singh, un boxeur de basse caste, s'entra\u00eene dans une salle contr\u00f4l\u00e9e par Bhagwan Das Mishra, un parrain local. Shravan tombe amoureux de Sunaina, la ni\u00e8ce de Mishra. Le parrain d\u00e9sapprouve cette relation. Shravan s'efforce de gagner la main de Sunaina et de devenir un boxeur r\u00e9put\u00e9 tout en essayant d'\u00e9viter les repr\u00e9sailles du parrain.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qZP2VQwx6prmTbxWyolkhl3QYDU.jpg", "actors": ["Vineet Kumar Singh (Shravan Singh)", "Zoya Hussain (Sunaina Mishra)", "Ravi Kishan (Sanjay Kumar)", "Jimmy Sheirgill (Bhagwan Das Mishra)", "Shreedhar Dubey (Gopal Tiwari)", "Rajesh Tailang (Shravan's Father)", "Nawazuddin Siddiqui (Baaraat Singer)", "Shakti Kumar (Bhatia)", "Sadhana Singh (Meera)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "amanshroff", "content": "**\r\nU will love the 'Mike Tyson' of UP !!**\r\n\r\n\r\nThe title Anurag Kashyap's latest refers to the central character, aspiring boxer Shravan (Vineet Kumar Singh).This film, which is loosely based on a true story, focuses on the cross-caste romance between Shravan and Sunaina (Zoya Hussain), the feisty, mute niece of gangster boxing promoter Bhagwan Das (Jimmy Shergill, struggling with decidedly uncomfortable-looking contact lenses). Like Kashyap\u2019s impressive gangster epic The Gangs of Wasseypur, this is gritty, grubby film-making. The dialogue is robustly filthy, the violence unflinching and the music loaded with innuendo. And while the fight sequences lack polish, the plot points are pounded home with fists, feet and iron bars.\r\n\r\n\r\nShravan (Vineet Kumar Singh) is the true hero of this film. His is a tremendous performance, not least because of his staggeringly authentic physicality. Singh looks the part, from the way his t-shirt sleeve cuts into his biceps like tightly tied twine to the agility with which he skips in the ring, and his arduous workouts immediately put glossier Hindi film heroes in their place. He makes Shravan real, when he's throwing punches as well as when he's vulnerable.\r\n\r\n\r\nRavi Kishan blew me away with his role as a sincere Dalit coach, one who grew up idolising Pele, wasn't allowed to box, but is an athlete and sits bolt upright, even when being insulted.\r\n\r\n\r\nNow about the film's villain, Bhagwan - the coach named God - but Jimmy Shergill, bloodshot eyes and menacing rage, is incredible. Scary good, as they say. Why he is scary is something you should discover.\r\n\r\n\r\nThough in spite of a lengthy run time,Kashyap\u2019s films have an unpredictable energy that can be genuinely thrilling to watch. This is certainly true of this politics-infused sports melodrama. Each and every character has given a marvelous performance, And specially Shravan, You can feel him into the character.\r\n\r\n\r\n_Overall, It is Kashyap's one of the greatest movie, it has all sought of flavors which will keep u intact and admired from time to time. A worthy film and a true entertainer_"}], "recommandations_id": [470642, 517975, 523277, 480810], "youtube_key": "fl3gun0J8XM"}