{"tmdb_id": 47065, "title": "Tales of an Ancient Empire", "original_title": "Tales of an Ancient Empire", "slug_title": "tales-of-an-ancient-empire", "date": "2010-07-31", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Horreur / Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "A princess is on a quest to unite the five greatest warriors to save her kingdom from a demon sorceress.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kk272E9aP7vF5oH6vgYF2IlR7w4.jpg", "actors": ["Whitney Able (Xia)", "Kevin Sorbo (Aedan)", "Ralf Moeller (General Hafez)", "Jennifer Siebel Newsom (Queen Ma'at)", "Michael Par\u00e9 (Oda)", "Melissa Ordway (Princess Tanis)", "Matthew Willig (Giant Iberian)", "Sarah Ann Schultz (Malia)", "Lee Horsley (Talon)", "Scott Paulin (Tou-Bou Bardo)", "Inbar Lavi (Alana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Bob", "content": "This is a not as bad a movie as many people think. It is not a blockbuster nor an award winner. That said, the filmmaker does an excellent job of putting together a compelling story with a cast of characters, well performed I might add, that will keep you watching. However, it seems to end unexpectedly. My only hope is that a sequel will come along one day to finish the tale. I came across this movie as a Kevin Sorbo fan. He does Sci-Fi and Fantasy well and whenever I stumble across another movie with Sorbo in the cast, I give it a chance. His performance was typical of his style with action and humor rolled into the character. I found it to be a job well done on his part. The leading ladies in the film, and there are quite a few, provided quality performances along side Mr. Sorbo. The director's vision of vampires, however, was a little off in my opinion. There are many takes on the vampire tale and this one uses a variety of sources to create their creatures of the night... or day. Maybe I'm too wrapped up in the Universal Pictures version of the vampire to keep an open mind about those taking a different route with the film. The special effects were not bad for a movie that boasts a mere 1,000,000 dollar budget. The low cost may be a reason why the film seemed to end abruptly. In short, if you are looking for a decent movie, give it a try but don't expect too much. Go in understanding it is a low budget fantasy/sci-fi/monster flick that is meant to entertain. I hope that one day the writer and director get an opportunity to at least close out the story."}], "recommandations_id": [58782, 166752, 79078, 74016], "youtube_key": "notfound"}