{"tmdb_id": 470878, "title": "La voix du pardon", "original_title": "I Can Only Imagine", "slug_title": "la-voix-du-pardon", "date": "2018-03-08", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Musique"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Au Texas, Bart Millard, 10 ans, abandonn\u00e9 par sa m\u00e8re, doit subir au quotidien la violence d\u2019un p\u00e8re alcoolique. Des ann\u00e9es plus tard au lyc\u00e9e, sa passion pour la musique lui donne l\u2019occasion de s\u2019\u00e9vader loin de son p\u00e8re, avec son groupe. Mais pour s\u2019accomplir en tant qu\u2019artiste , il va devoir affronter son pass\u00e9. Trouvera-t-il assez de foi pour pardonner \u00e0 son p\u00e8re ? D\u00e9couvrez l'histoire vraie du chanteur Bart Millard, auteur du double disque de platine : I Can Only Imagine.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/veZszwMZu8d3WMU6TJX9sV5w1Y4.jpg", "actors": ["Dennis Quaid (Arthur)", "Cloris Leachman (Memaw)", "J. Michael Finley (Bart Millard)", "Brody Rose (Young Bart)", "Madeline Carroll (Shannon)", "Gianna Simone (Dr. Avondale)", "Kevin Downes (Singleton)", "Jason Burkey (Mike)", "Rhoda Griffis (Jen)", "Tanya Clarke (Adele)", "Nicole DuPort (Amy Grant)", "Priscilla C. Shirer (Mrs. Fincher)", "Taegen Burns (Young Shannon)", "Trace Adkins (Brickell)", "Mark Furze (Nathan)", "Randy McDowell (Jim)", "Cole Marcus (Robbie)", "Alexander Dominguez (Kent)", "J.R. Cacia (Rusty)", "Jake B. Miller (Michael W. Smith)", "Mark Robert Ellis (Coach)", "Samuel Sadovnik (Young Kent)", "Kerry McCormick (Nurse)", "David Norona (Bill Layton)", "Bill 'Bubba' Bussey Jr. (Radio DJ #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "There-Can-Be-Only-One", "content": "*Disclaimer: This isn't any sort of \"official\" review. This is just one ordinary movie-goer's opinion...\r\n\r\nLovely movie. \ud83d\ude0a\r\n\r\nI honestly wasn't expecting much, but I wanted to support MercyMe, and I always like to throw my support whenever a movie theater plays a good, clean movie like this one.\r\n\r\nI was actually quite amazed by the production. It had the look of a big budget film (I have no idea how much the budget was), and was lacking the cheese element prevalent in so many Christian movies. It was remarkably well cast, and I was particularly impressed by both guys who played Bart - the 11 year old Bart (Brody Rose), and the teenage/20something Bart (J Michael Finley). I also LOVED Trace Adkins as Brickell.\r\n\r\nI took my non-believer friend to it, because he likes MercyMe, and has enjoyed Bart's testimonies whenever I've taken him to a concert, and he liked the movie as well. He even teared up, and he is NOT an emotional guy! I cried too, but I'm an emotional girl! \ud83d\ude09\r\n\r\nI definitely recommend it. I'm not a person who enjoys going to the movie theater, and usually will only go in special circumstances. I think mainstream America playing a Christian movie in the theater is a special circumstance, and if you want to see more of this happening, I hope you'll go support it."}, {"pseudo": "Screen-Space", "content": "\"Though it will never be championed as an insightful work of either religious art or patriarchal psychology, I Can Only Imagine does manage to be a good film about a great song...\"\r\n \r\nRead the full review here: http://screen-space.squarespace.com/reviews/2018/3/23/i-can-only-imagine.html"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***The story behind the popular Christian band***  \r\n\r\nReleased in 2018, \u201cI Can Only Imagine\u201d is a biopic of Bart Millard (J. Michael Finley) of MercyMe, spanning his childhood, the abuse of his father (Dennis Quaid), meeting his true love (Madeline Carroll), starting the band, low-rent touring, acquiring a manager (Trace Adkins) and eventual success with the band\u2019s titular hit.\r\n\r\nWhile this semi-modest inspirational flick is nowhere near as good as \u201cCoal Miner\u2019s Daughter\u201d (1980) or even \u201cLa Bamba\u201d (1987), it\u2019s almost on par with the Johnny Cash biopic \u201cWalk the Line\u201d (2005), although it cost five times LESS and lacks the polish. Finley is an otherwise unknown actor, but he makes for a fine protagonist. And Carroll is winsome and curvy; unfortunately, her part is small.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s too by-the-numbers, but I could relate to the father/son issues and the story builds to an inspiring and emotional performance of their hit song.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 50 minutes and was shot entirely in Oklahoma.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [476968, 531647, 550172, 474392], "youtube_key": "Fgo6xs93OEw"}