{"tmdb_id": 470901, "title": "Face 2 Face", "original_title": "Face 2 Face", "slug_title": "face-2-face", "date": "2017-04-23", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Over a series of video chats, a teenage outcast reaches out to his childhood friend, but finds that behind the veneer of popularity and a seemingly perfect life, she hides a disturbing secret.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ySHBzrEt1waEXlCsItLJ3zPJAFv.jpg", "actors": ["Daniela Bobadilla (Madison Daniels)", "Daniel Amerman (Teel Johnson)", "Kevin McCorkle (David Daniels)", "Mary Gordon Murray (Sharon Johnson)", "Emily Jordan (Sophie)", "Eric Watson (Cole)", "Chelsea Alden (Ella)", "Thomas McNamara (Dix)", "Oscar Camacho (Carlos)", "Hayley McLaughlin (Ariel)", "Sam Meader (Jim)", "Matthew Amerman (Billy)", "Antonio Robles (Vince)", "Nicholas James Reilly (Sonny)", "Karrie Cox (Mrs. Spiceman)", "Lindsay Elston (Dana)", "Sheldon A. Smith (Erik)", "Michael Soulema (Sam)", "Russell Stout (Mr. Tillford)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The tale of a virtual friendship!**\r\n\r\nIt is a B movie and a good one too. Another 'Open Windows' or 'Unfiended' kind, but much better. Because, of course it was more cinematic than real, but thematically slightly inspiring. Inspiring to fight against the sexual abuse.\r\n\r\nThe film was like found-footage type, but then it used web cam for most of the time, so I'm not sure it still can be called that. Still, there some shots with outside this criteria. Anyway, a good film. Though not in the initial stage. Because it was like any small budget film like this, a casual opening. Then the middle part changed everything. Particularly the twist at the end.\r\n\r\nThis is about two online friends. They were never before, except childhood play buddies. So one day one of them finds another and befriends. Their's just online friendship, but they talk about everything. But then it becomes more than that when issues become serious. So how they confront it was revealed in the final act.\r\n\r\nThe actors were very good. The production quality too surprisingly good. I think one of the decent such small films with good intention of storytelling. I'm really happy to see it, so I suggest it if you want to try it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [334893, 334684, 393368, 419022], "youtube_key": "6msoCKNKoME"}