{"tmdb_id": 47103, "title": "A Run for Money", "original_title": "Ka\u00e7 para ka\u00e7", "slug_title": "a-run-for-money", "date": "1999-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "The film is set in present-day Istanbul. Selim is a shop owner in his early forties. He sells clothing for men in his shop situated in one of the back streets of Istanbul. Selim is a family man who has devoted his life to his home and his work. He lives with his wife Ayla, his six-year-old daughter Esma and his old father in a simple flat in and old, modest neighbourhood. He has warm relations with his family. He is an affectionate father. One of his neighbours, a young widow named Nihal tries to seduce Selim, but her flirtation leaves him cold.  Selim is known for his honesty and integrity among his family and friends. He is a careful spender. As a little child, he has learned that money is not easily earned. He has no tolerance for petty \"trickery\" met in daily life. One day, Selim finds a bag full of dollar bills (approximately 500,000$) in a cab. From that day on, Selim finds himself in a bewildered state with a bag full of money on his hands.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o8POYenqxyOKVelgEV0msXwaUHU.jpg", "actors": ["Taner Birsel (Selim)", "Bennu Y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131mlar (Ayla)", "Zuhal Gencer (Nihal)", "Engin Alkan (Ahmet)", "B\u00fclent Emin Yarar (\u00c7irak (as B\u00fclent Yarar))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [114222, 165140, 52187, 85694], "youtube_key": "notfound"}