{"tmdb_id": 471214, "title": "Young Mother Hubbard", "original_title": "Young Mother Hubbard", "slug_title": "young-mother-hubbard", "date": "1917-10-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Forced by the death of her mother to care for her three brothers and sisters, little Mona Fairfax is known to farmers of her district as Young Mother Hubbard. The children's step-father, heavily in debt and tired of the burden imposed by the little family, abandons his farm, leaving the children, penniless, to shift for themselves. The following day Daniel Banning, a wealthy \"country gentleman\" and owner of the Fairfax farm, calls to collect back rent. He finds Mona and her children panic-stricken over a note left by their step-father, telling of his decision to leave. Banning turns a deaf ear to Mona's pleas that she be allowed to remain on the farm with her wards. He notifies the Children's Welfare Society. Directors of the society go to the farm, load them into an automobile, and take them to the society's headquarters. At headquarters the chairman calls for volunteers to take the children into their homes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fxICjlYyalqHOaumnzPtCTP9zTA.jpg", "actors": ["Mary McAllister (Mona)", "William Clifford (John Banning)", "Carolyn Irwin (Mrs. Howard)", "Granville Bates (James)", "Virginia Holmes (Louise)", "Russell McDermott (Frank)", "Baby Peck (The Baby)", "Frank Dayton (Their Father)", "Robert Bolder (Undetermined Role)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}