{"tmdb_id": 471436, "title": "Navigation", "original_title": "Navigation (documentary film)", "slug_title": "navigation", "date": "2005-01-18", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "\u201cNavigation\u201d is the name of a documentary film directed by Hossein Rajabian, the Iranian filmmaker.It was produced for an anthropological NGO in the Middle East, but was never released due to censorship in Iran.The movie is about a group of children between eight and twelve years of age who had not left their village before the production of the work in 2005. They had not even gone to nearby villages because of the impassibility of the roads in their place of residence. However, one day, their teacher decides to take them to the sea. Their trip accidentally coincides with the travel of Anousheh Ansari, the first female Iranian astronaut, to space. The movie simultaneously narrates both events.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nW9TehbBDSh0Lz4xqxm7pnzkASo.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "The Upside-down Triangle", "content": "The movie is about a group of children between eight and twelve years of age who had not left their village before the production of the work in 2005. They had not even gone to nearby villages because of the impassibility of the roads in their place of residence. However, one day, their teacher decides to take them to the sea. Their trip accidentally coincides with the travel of Anousheh Ansari, the first female Iranian astronaut, to space. The movie simultaneously narrates both events"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "oWMouq8s2Z4"}