{"tmdb_id": 47149, "title": "Highway Dragnet", "original_title": "Highway Dragnet", "slug_title": "highway-dragnet", "date": "1954-01-27", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "An ex-Marine on the lam from a murder charge. He hitches a ride from glamor-magazine photographer, who is travelling cross-country with her principal model. Tensions rise when the woman realize the man with them may be a killer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4I6FY60iq6JuTlQtdHz7xzXFUd.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Conte (James 'Jim' Henry)", "Joan Bennett (Mrs. Cummings)", "Wanda Hendrix (Susan Willis)", "Reed Hadley (Det. Lt. Joe White Eagle)", "Mary Beth Hughes (Terry Smith - Bar Girl)", "Iris Adrian (Dolly - Cafe Waitress)", "Harry Harvey (Mr. Carson)", "Tom Hubbard (Det. Sgt. Ben Barnett)", "Frank Jenks (Marine in Civvies)", "Murray Alper (Ice Cream Truck Driver)", "Zon Murray (Trooper in Cafe)", "House Peters Jr. (Steve - Border Inspection Officer)", "Joseph Crehan (Elderly Border Inspection Officer)", "Charles Anthony Hughes (Chubby Border Inspection Officer (as Tony Hughes))", "Bill Hale (Harry - Trooper in Cafe)", "Fred Gabourie (Trooper Al)", "Johnny Duncan (Marine (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rock It Baby!\r\n\r\nHighway Dragnet is directed by Nathan Juran and written by Herb Meadow, U.S.Anderson, Roger Corman and Jerome Odlum. It stars Richard Conte, Joan Bennett, Wanda Hendrix and Reed Hadley. Music is by Edward J. Kay and cinematography by John J. Martin.\r\n\r\nAll I did was buy her a drink. One drink, and for 65 cents I bought a martini mixed with dynamite!\r\n\r\nThough indexed in some sources as film noir, this barely resonates as such. It is basically a man on the lam picture, where Conte is wrongly accused of murder and has to go on the run to escape police arrest. He hitches with two gals, who start to become wary of their newly acquired companion. So, we have cops trying to capture their target, with near misses and with Reed \"The Voice\" Hadley heading up the dragnet operation, whilst there's the mystery element of who is the killer hanging in the air. Cast are fine and the production is standard fare, the finale at least serves up an atmospheric locale, and there's some decent snatches of dialogue. But really it's average at best and not one to seek out as a matter of urgency. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86946, 77965, 30625, 4462], "youtube_key": "notfound"}