{"tmdb_id": 471506, "title": "Greta", "original_title": "Greta", "slug_title": "greta", "date": "2019-02-28", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme devient l\u2019amie d\u2019une veuve aux desseins troubles.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6Lgk1OGexD0fU8QqDBQHcvEwd1Z.jpg", "actors": ["Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Frances McCullen)", "Isabelle Huppert (Greta Hideg)", "Maika Monroe (Erica Penn)", "Colm Feore (Chris McCullen)", "Stephen Rea (Brian Cody)", "Zawe Ashton (Alexa Hammond)", "Jeff Hiller (Maitre D' Henri)", "Thaddeus Daniels (Officer Deroy)", "Raven Dauda (Officer Regan)", "Parker Sawyers (Gary)", "Jessica Claire Preddy (Actress)", "Jane Perry (Animal Shelter Worker)", "Angela Thompson Georgas (Subway Love Interest)", "Rosa Escoda (Lim's Date)", "Graeme Thomas King (Brian)", "Hershel Blatt (Random Kid)", "Arthur Lee (Lim)", "Romii Reilly (Woman in City Square)", "Nagisa Morimoto (Waitress)", "Navi Dhanoa (Cabbie)", "Darragh O'Connor (New York Pedestrian)", "Tariq Azees (Subway Passenger)", "Aneta Dina Keder (Frances's Mom)", "Elisa Berkeley (Madeleine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nEvery year, there are a couple of underrated and/or overlooked movies. Greta is 2019\u2019s first film to belong to both categories. It was definitely overlooked since Hellboy stole the spotlight, and it\u2019s also underrated based on online feedback. Critics being divisive is kind of expected, but audiences are disliking Greta more than the former group, which I find quite surprising. Nevertheless, I enjoyed a lot and that\u2019s mostly due to the outstanding performances of its leads. Isabelle Huppert is incredible as Greta, as expected from such an acclaimed actress. Her character has a very mysterious personality which is well-developed throughout the runtime. Undeniably, her character\u2019s past and decisions turn out to be a bit questionable, in terms of logic. I don\u2019t believe that it\u2019s straight-up rubbish, but I can\u2019t deny that some aspects of her persona lack consistency and sense. Fortunately, it\u2019s nowhere near Serenity\u2018s level of absurdity. In the end, Huppert elevates her script and delivers a creepily captivating display. \r\n\r\nChlo\u00eb Grace Moretz is one of the most talented young actresses out there, and I already stated a few years ago that she will be a much-desired star, sooner or later. In this movie, she shows off the subtlety of her expressions at the same time that she proves how amazing her range is. She embodies the charitable and innocent personality of her character like she is, indeed, Frances. Two wonderful performances that become even better due to the palpable chemistry that the two actresses have with each other. With such a short runtime, their interactions are interesting in the beginning, becoming more and more intriguing as time goes by. In addition to these two, Maika Monroe (Erica Penn) surprised the hell out of me! Not only her character doesn\u2019t follow the stereotypical \u201cblonde, dumb friend\u201d, but she really offers an exceptional performance.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay does have some narrative issues, being most of them related to Greta, as mentioned above. It\u2019s hard to imagine that what happens in the second half of the film could occur in real life as it\u2019s depicted, which instantly kills most movies. However, it\u2019s not as unbelievable as people might think at first, and after some thought, it\u2019s actually pretty reasonable, having in mind the psychological factor. It doesn\u2019t separate itself from the genre\u2019s cliches and it\u2019s quite predictable throughout, even though the ending comes as a nice surprise. It\u2019s the typical B-movie that\u2019s good to see at home on a Sunday afternoon, but if you catch it in the theaters, you won\u2019t regret the money spent.\r\n\r\nGreta is 2019\u2019s first underrated and overlooked film. With two extremely captivating performances by Isabelle Huppert and Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, this B-movie truly stands out from the most recent flicks of the same type. The leads\u2019 chemistry carries most of the engaging story, even though a word of praise must go to Maika Monroe for her display. The indisputable narrative problems can either be completely nonsensical or reasonable, at best, depending on what kind of moviegoer you are. There are enough justifications for interpreting the second half events and Huppert\u2018s character actions as both silly or realistic. I stand on the latter, and I enjoyed myself during the whole runtime. Go see it if you catch it near you. If you don\u2019t, be sure to watch at home.\r\n\r\nRating: B"}], "recommandations_id": [445629, 526050, 502385, 549559], "youtube_key": "WAEoJkL_8zU"}