{"tmdb_id": 471712, "title": "Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo! 2: God's Blessings on This Wonderful Work Of Art!", "original_title": "\u3053\u306e\u7d20\u6674\u3089\u3057\u3044\u30c1\u30e7\u30fc\u30ab\u30fc\u306b\u795d\u798f\u3092\uff01", "slug_title": "kono-subarashii-sekai-ni-shukufuku-wo-2-god-s-blessings-on-this-wonderful-work-of-art", "date": "2017-07-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Animation"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Bundled with the 12th volume of the light novel.  Kazuma meets a novice adventurer called Ran who claims to be Kazuma's fan. A quest is proposed to Kazuma and his party in front of Ran, so he accepts the quest to look good in front of his fan; after some convincing, they all go to fight the metal golem. Aqua prompts Megumin to destroy the golem, but it self detonates, annihilating everything nearby. Kazuma returns to the guild and boasts to Ran about the success of his quest. Another quest, yet again, is proposed to Kazuma in front of Ran. Kazuma accepts it and convinces his party to do it as well. Kazuma and his party search a mansion, in the ruins of the metal golem, for magical items. Among the many haunted golems, they find a diary filled with the life of a previous Japanese neet who was reincarnated into this world.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4TraZOIqsFlvVcFFgTs17F6hMpF.jpg", "actors": ["Rie Takahashi (Megumin)", "Jun Fukushima (Kazuma Satou)", "Sora Amamiya (Aqua)", "Ai Kayano (Lalatina \"Darkness\" Dustiness Ford)", "Sayuri Hara (Luna)", "Egushi Takuya (Kyouya Mitsurugi)", "Choo (Head Researcher)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}