{"tmdb_id": 47189, "title": "Un \u00e9t\u00e9 capricieux", "original_title": "Rozmarn\u00e9 l\u00e9to", "slug_title": "un-ete-capricieux", "date": "1968-05-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Middle-aged Antonin and his friends, the major, now retired, and the canon, are in the river, swimming and philosophizing. Then it starts to rain. It just seems to be that sort of summer. Antonin runs the swimming bath with his portly wife Katherine... A man appears with his horse-drawn caravan. He lays a striped pole across the river and walks over. With a handstand and a magic trick, Ernie the Conjuror invites everyone to that evening's performance... Ernie is a tightrope walker of only modest skill, but with a slim and beautiful assistant, Anna. Antonin speaks to her. The two spend the night in the change room by the river, Antonin massaging her feet all night long. Katherine decides to move into the caravan with Ernie. But now the major and even the canon sense Anna's attractiveness...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/79FdsMSDOtIJmfA7M5yVMnmMjss.jpg", "actors": ["Jana Preissov\u00e1 (Anna)", "Rudolf Hru\u0161\u00ednsk\u00fd (Anton\u00edn D\u016fra)", "Ji\u0159\u00ed Menzel (Arno\u0161tek)", "Vlastimil Brodsk\u00fd (Major Hugo)", "Franti\u0161ek \u0158eh\u00e1k (Canon Roch)", "M\u00edla Mysl\u00edkov\u00e1 (Katerina Durov\u00e1)", "Bohu\u0161 Z\u00e1horsk\u00fd (Starik)", "Vlasta Jel\u00ednkov\u00e1 (Sluzebna)", "Alois Vachek (Man in pub)", "Bohumil Koska (Man in pub)", "Antonin Prazak (Policeman)", "Pavel Bosek (Mayor)", "Karel Hovorka st. (Man in pub)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [87832, 189996, 48460, 99377], "youtube_key": "notfound"}