{"tmdb_id": 47271, "title": "Roger Waters - The Wall - Live In Berlin", "original_title": "Roger Waters - The Wall - Live In Berlin", "slug_title": "roger-waters-the-wall-live-in-berlin", "date": "1990-01-01", "genre": "Musique", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "The Wall Live in Berlin est un album live de Roger Waters enregistr\u00e9 lors du concert donn\u00e9 sur la Potsdamer Platz le 21 juillet 1990 pour comm\u00e9morer la chute du mur de Berlin. Il r\u00e9unit pl\u00e9thore d'invit\u00e9s, notamment Scorpions, Cyndi Lauper, Sin\u00e9ad O'Connor, Van Morrison, Marianne Faithfull, ou encore Bryan Adams. L'album sort le 21 ao\u00fbt 1990 sur le label Mercury Records et sera suivi par la parution d'une vid\u00e9o retra\u00e7ant le concert.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wTowWhCthTFxOfeWQs9lHHc4hfS.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Waters (Himself)", "Ute Lemper (Vocals)", "Cyndi Lauper (Vocals)", "Thomas Dolby (Synthesizer, vocals)", "Sin\u00e9ad O'Connor (Vocals)", "Rick Danko (Vocals)", "Levon Helm (Vocals)", "Garth Hudson (Accordion, saxophone)", "Eric Bazilian (Guitar)", "Rob Hyman (Keyboards)", "John Lilley (Guitar)", "Fran Smith Jr. (Bass guitar)", "David Uosikkinen (Drums)", "Joni Mitchell (Vocals)", "James Galway (Flute)", "Jerry Hall (Vocals)", "Paul Carrack (Vocals)", "Van Morrison (Vocals)", "Tim Curry (Vocals)", "Marianne Faithfull (Vocals)", "Albert Finney (Vocals)", "Rick Difonzo (Guitars)", "Snowy White (Guitars)", "Andy Fairweather-Low (Bass guitar, guitar, backing vocals)", "Peter Wood (Keyboards)", "Nick Glennie-Smith (Keyboards)", "Bryan Adams (Guitar, vocals)", "Graham Broad (Drums)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Orends", "content": "Nobody really expected the Berlin Wall to come down in 1989, and so suddenly. Roger Waters especially, because he had once made a promise never to perform The Wall again after the 1980 tour until the bricks fell in Berlin. But they did, and Waters had no intention to renege on his promise. The Wall became a star-studded megaconcert to benefit the Memorial Fund for Disaster Relief, with larger bricks, bigger inflatable puppets, and a larger audience than any of the original Pink Floyd shows. There was always a contradiction in performing such a personal work in a stadium setting, but here it becomes especially acute when opening up the vocal tasks to a variety of artists. Bryan Adams is actually an astute choice for the cock rock swagger of \"Young Lust,\" but Cyndi Lauper ruins the spare funk of \"Another Brick in the Wall, Pt. 2\" with over-enthusiastic yelping. And you'll definitely want to skip Jerry Hall's reading of the background dialog before \"One of My Turns\" (\"Oh my gawd, what a fabulous room! Are all these your guitars?\" -- a piece known word for word by every Floyd fan out there), as she seems unaware that a microphone can be used for amplification. By running through the album track by track, a lot of the effect of the live versions wears thin, as it invites constant comparison to the studio album. But the trial scene is handled well, with Albert Finney, Tim Curry, Marianne Faithfull, Thomas Dolby, and Ute Lemper taking on the characters in Waters' psychological drama. It's fun, a nice document, but only makes you want to return to the original album."}], "recommandations_id": [30859]}