{"tmdb_id": 472876, "title": "Zombies", "original_title": "Zombies", "slug_title": "zombies", "date": "2017-09-29", "genre": ["Horreur / Action"], "score": "3.1/10", "synopsis": "Quand le monde est en ruine, en proie \u00e0 une \u00e9pid\u00e9mie de zombies, seuls les forts survivront, mais combien de d\u00e9termination cela prendra-t-il? Est-ce que Luke et son \u00e9quipe auront assez d'ambition et de munitions pour rester en vie assez longtemps pour sauver la race humaine?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9DKBXrxD4K3TJlH76bJ8IEtbOqN.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Todd (Detective Sommers)", "Steven Luke (Luke)", "Raina Hein (Bena)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "At least once a year, we get a super-cheap (and super-bad) zombie apocalypse movie starring one moderately famous B-actor, which plays for \"action\" rather than horror, and brings absolutely nothing new to the scene. I assumed _Zombies_ was going to fit this bill for 2017. And for 99% of that sentiment, I was right. What was not cliched however, was the final minutes of the film. I'm not saying that it was a new idea entirely, in fact I know exactly which far better movie _Zombies_ stole it from, but I've never seen this particular set of circumstances play out specifically in a zombie movie before. So one tiny little prop for that choice. Shame it couldn't have happened first in a better zombie movie.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid where possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [513224, 464001, 464744, 27595], "youtube_key": "ZWwiyanPAr0"}