{"tmdb_id": 473165, "title": "Dead Again in Tombstone", "original_title": "Dead Again in Tombstone", "slug_title": "dead-again-in-tombstone", "date": "2017-08-30", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Guerrero est contraint d\u2019emp\u00eacher une relique vol\u00e9e de tomber entre les mains de Jackson Boomer et sa bande de soldats. Jackson, lui, est pr\u00eat \u00e0 tout pour ramener ses complices \u00e0 la vie et lib\u00e9rer la fureur de l\u2019enfer sur terre. Guerrero devra user de tous ses pouvoirs pour vaincre Jackson et obtenir sa r\u00e9demption\u2026 quitte \u00e0 en mourir, encore une fois", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2qCQLZWLRotE5BSUVMN4ZWSIshc.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Trejo (Guerrero)", "Jake Busey (Colonel Jackson Boomer)", "Elysia Rotaru (Alicia)", "Nathaniel Arcand (Bull Dog)", "Dean McDermott (Dr. Goldsworthy)", "Dave Burchill (Denizen)", "Elizabeth Lavender (Madame Du Vere)", "Leslie Hucul (Townswoman)", "Peter Skagen (Mr. Cravens)", "Joe Norman Shaw (Sheriff Judkins)", "John Tierney (Jeremiah)", "Jason Long (Squeeze Benteen)", "Michelle Rios (Zerelda De La Cruz)", "Chad Stanley Martin (Fighting Townsman)", "Dan McDougall (Bob)", "Bud Klasky (Lawyer)", "Gerrick Winston (Cowboy Boss)", "Colin A. Campbell (Boomer Brothel)", "Daryl King (Boots Benteen)", "Gwyn Auger (Brothel Girl (uncredited))", "Bernadette Janssen (Saloon Girl (uncredited))", "Marnie Madden (Townswoman (uncredited))", "Don Walker (Townsman (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Dead in Tombstone_ is not a movie I ever expected to see a sequel to. And this movie is not at all the direction I would have guessed at said sequel taking. But _Dead Again in Tombstone_ is a thing that happened, so I guess I was _dead wrong_. It's not quite as good as the original (and the original was not exactly a five star affair itself) . But _Dead Again_ does prove watchable, especially in the hit-and-miss field of today's Westerns, mostly thanks to the feud between Danny Trejo and a surprisingly bearable Jake Busey. It might lean a little too hard into the \"mythology\" angle when compared to its predecessor, but all told, _Dead Again in Tombstone's_ existence may have come as a surprise, but not an unpleasant one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The first movie, Dead in Tombstone, was fairly okay. Not great but okay. This movie, the second instalment, was a bit of a disappointment though. The general idea is a good one. At least it is one I would generally have liked. However, it is really poorly implemented.\n\nDanny is supposed to be the devil\u2019s servant imbued with supernatural powers and supposed to kick some serious ass. You know, a bit like Ghost Rider in the old west. Unfortunately he is nothing but. Most of the time he is roaming around sulking and trying to patch things up with his daughter.\n\nHe is really not showing much in terms of terrifying presence or supernatural powers. Whenever he springs into action he is just blundering in shooting at everything that moves and usually he gets shot up and \u201cdies\u201d in the process. Afterwards he get\u2019s revived and the process starts all over again.\n\nTowards the end of the movie we finally get some supernatural action but it is really too late to save it and not really that impressive to begin with.\n\nOn the whole the script is pretty bland and unconvincing. It is more suitable for a TV-show episode than a feature movie.\n\nReally a shame. I generally like Danny Trejo when he is playing badass."}], "recommandations_id": [561546, 532653, 508404, 151933]}