{"tmdb_id": 474016, "title": "Sarge Goes to College", "original_title": "Sarge Goes to College", "slug_title": "sarge-goes-to-college", "date": "1947-05-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Musique / Guerre"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A Marine Sergeant wounded in overseas combat service, requires an operation, and Navy psychiatrist Captain R. S. Handler, recommends to Marine Captain Russ Morgan and Colonel Winters that \"Sarge\" be given a few weeks rest before hospitalization. Through Dean McKinley of San Juan Junior College, Sarge enters the school on a temporary basis. The teenagers are rehearsing a school show and Freddie is worried because they have no band. Freddie, Dodie Rogers and Betty Rogers find Sarge asleep in the park, and the girls put him up at their house when they learn he can't find a room. Betty has a row with boyfriend Roy , and in order to make him jealous gets Freddie to invite her to the school dance after telling Freddie that his girlfriend Dodie is going with Sarge. Many misunderstandings follow but all is well when Sarge gets his marine captain to bring his band over to the school for the school's BIG SHOW.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cuHGif4s8zSKndscmz8AJbYVseS.jpg", "actors": ["Freddie Stewart (Freddie Trimball)", "June Preisser (Dodie Rogers)", "Frankie Darro (Roy Donne)", "Warren Mills (Lee Watson)", "Noel Neill (Betty Rogers)", "Alan Hale Jr. (Sarge)", "Arthur Walsh (Self)", "Russ Morgan (Self)", "Monte Collins (Dean McKinley)", "Frank Cady (Prof. Edwards)", "Margaret Brayton (Miss Koregmeyer)", "Selmer Jackson (Marine Capt. R.S. Handler)", "Earl Bennett (Eddie)", "Margaret Bert (Mrs. Rogers)", "Harry Tyler (Mr. Rogers)", "Pat Goldin (Rooming House Manager)", "William Forrest (Col. Winters)", "Irwin Kaufman (Buddy)", "Jack McVea (Self)", "The Jam Session (Band)", "Phil Arnold (Professor)", "Sam Ash (Professor)", "William Bailey (Professor)", "Wheaton Chambers (Professor)", "Gloria Cowan (Professor)", "Babs Donat (Teenager)", "Gloria Cowan (Teenager)", "Paul Gustine (Professor)", "Patricia Laird (Teenager)", "Julie Mitchum (Nurse Attendant)", "Dick Paxton (Teenager)", "Don Ripps (Intern)", "Wally Roberts (Teenager)", "Bill Williams (Janitor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}