{"tmdb_id": 47435, "title": "St. George Shoots the Dragon", "original_title": "Sveti Georgije ubiva a\u017edahu", "slug_title": "st-george-shoots-the-dragon", "date": "2009-03-11", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "St. George Slays the Dragon (Serbian: Sveti Georgije ubiva a\u017edahu) is a Serbian World War I drama. The movie starts with Kingdom of Serbia battling the remaining Turkish occupiers during the First Balkan War in 1912 and ends with the outbreak of World War I in 1914. The movie's central theme is a love triangle between the village gendarme \u0110or\u0111e, his wife Katarina and the young disabled war veteran Gavrilo who was previously engaged to Katarina before he went to war and lost his arm in battle. Even though Katarina in the meantime married \u0110or\u0111e, she still has affection for Gavrilo. At the onset of World War I, all able-bodied men in the village are recruited for combat. Left in the village are only women, children and disabled veterans from previous Balkan wars. Rumours start circulating that the invalids in the village are trying to take advantage of the situation by making their moves on the women in the village \u2013 the wives and sisters of the recruited men.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oQriCCBHPu8EchGhYIWiTemXA0U.jpg", "actors": ["Lazar Ristovski (\u0110or\u0111e)", "Milutin Milo\u0161evi\u0107 (Gavrilo)", "Nata\u0161a Janji\u0107 (Katarina)", "Borivoje Todorovi\u0107 (Aleksa)", "Zoran Cvijanovi\u0107 (Mile Vukovi\u0107)", "Dragan Nikoli\u0107 (Priest)", "Boris Milivojevi\u0107 (Rajko Pevac)", "Branislav Le\u010di\u0107 (Tasi\u0107)", "Mladen Andrejevi\u0107 (Teacher Mi\u0107un)", "Sr\u0111an Timarov (Mikan)", "Predrag Vasi\u0107 (Vane the orphan)", "Bojan \u017dirovi\u0107 (\u017doja)", "Milica Ostoji\u0107 (first sister)", "Milena Dravi\u0107 (Aunt)", "Milena Predi\u0107 (Jelena)", "Slobodan Ninkovi\u0107 (Ninko Beloti\u0107)", "Stefan Danailov (Minta)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [33579], "youtube_key": "notfound"}