{"tmdb_id": 474411, "title": "Far till sol och v\u00e5r", "original_title": "Far till sol och v\u00e5r", "slug_title": "far-till-sol-och-var", "date": "1957-10-28", "genre": [""], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Martin Wide inherits a bus from his dying grandfather. He restores it from being a hen house into a tourist bus. He puts an ad in the newspaper about \"travels to the sun\" and also advertises for a stewardess at the same time. The female reporter Vera Boman signs up for the job, in order to expose the \"tourist travel hoax\". The two, together with passengers of various kinds set off from a snowy Sweden towards Paris. During the trip, Vera starts to realize that Martin is not a \"tourist cheater\" but a kind and thoughtful travel arranger, who tries to tend to all his passengers as best as he can, even when the situations become difficult to handle. In addition, a famous Swedish diamond has just been stolen and it turns out that both the thieves and the private detectives who are after them, are passengers on the bus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sT3TjzdR6iSDM9hszYqQnXiZ3BG.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Ljung (Martin Wide)", "Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz (Vera Boman)", "Douglas H\u00e5ge (Kattmar)", "Git Gay (Tatjana)", "Erik 'Bullen' Berglund (Editor in Chief (as Erik Berglund))", "Fritiof Billquist (Wex\u00e9n)", "Erik 'Bullen' Berglund (Editor in Chief)", "Ragnar Arvedson (Alfonse Petitpoints)", "Astrid Bodin (Ms. Lundbom)", "Hanny Schedin (Ms. Brun)", "Torsten Lilliecrona (Trent)", "\u00c5ke Lindstr\u00f6m (Lang)", "Alexander von Baumgarten (Restaurant owner in Paris)", "Ulla-Bella Fridh (Mrs. Andersson)", "Carl-Axel Elfving (Mr. Andersson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}