{"tmdb_id": 474974, "title": "Miss No\u00ebl", "original_title": "Miss Christmas", "slug_title": "miss-noel", "date": "2017-11-05", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Une femme d\u00e9ploie des tr\u00e9sors de persuasion pour convaincre un homme et sa famille de lui c\u00e9der leur arbre de No\u00ebl.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v0LYOohG976PHjFr2F4Zw5ibX8v.jpg", "actors": ["Brooke D'Orsay (Holly)", "Marc Blucas (Sam)", "Luke Roessler (Joey)", "Erin Boyes (Aimee)", "Fiona Vroom (Erin)", "James Rha (Neighbor)", "Greg Rogers (George)", "Crystal Balint (Andrea)", "Parveen Dosanjh (TV Host)", "Taylor St. Pierre (Photographer)", "Shayn Walker (Volunteer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Don't kill, just celebrate Christmas with a live tree!**\r\n\r\nIt's December, so TV channels are flooded with Christmas films. But this is not my first Christmas film of the season. And Hallmark films are easily a go for it. TV movies have simple stories, so don't they to surprise me all the time. To create a story around Christmas is not that easy, because there are hundred of films comes every year based on the same festival. How it all starts and ends are almost predictable, but topic on which it rides on is very important. This one was about the tree. The decorated tree in the city centre that delights all the Chicagoans. But its responsibility to make sure are things are taken care comes under a young woman named Holly aka Miss Christmas.\r\n\r\nJust a week to go, Holly has reached the source destination for her new tree, but trouble awaits. That the family who own the tree is divided over donating it for some sentimental reason. Now she has to convince them, and how she does that with other personal events unfolds in the rest of the film. Being an animal and tree lover, I hated her approach. I never support such cruel act, just to please someone to enjoy the festival by killing a tree. Not just one, billions of people do it around the world which brings catastrophe in nature every year. Apart from that, the film was average. A family film, particularly for the female audience.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [483551, 474985, 474972, 549304], "youtube_key": "notfound"}