{"tmdb_id": 477092, "title": "The Month of Dreams", "original_title": "\u00c1lom hava", "slug_title": "the-month-of-dreams", "date": "2017-04-21", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "It is 1680 \u2013 the time of dreamt snow after the Turkish invasion. In the deserted plains of B\u00e1cska a living soul cannot be found in a few-days\u2019 walk. Three former prisoners returning from their Turkish captivity \u2013 Long-Legged, Lame and One-Eyed \u2013 appear among the crumbling walls of a huge abandoned church without a roof. They are looking for their long lost home. How to revive a disappeared civilization? What is the survivors\u2019 personal duty? Without a roof, a collapse is inevitable. The Old Man \u2013 a master of ancient knowledge \u2013 and his daughter come and with sharing sowing seeds they try to save the community of dispersion. No spiritual leader, no aims. Driven by rapacity, One-Eyed kills the Old Man, rapes his daughter and while looking for the remaining seeds he kills Long-Legged with a sudden anger. At the end of the film, the survivors need to face with dramatic encounters and special temptations. Their redemption under the leadership of Lame\u2019s young son is the pledge for the future.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c42ZLod5yCxsGsCmMUTgnpyQfvE.jpg", "actors": ["Nandor Szilagyi (H\u00f3rihorgas)", "Gy\u00f6rgy Bark\u00f3 (\u00f6reg t\u00e1ltos)", "Zsolt D\u00e1nielfy (Ferenc atya)", "Frigyes Kov\u00e1cs (S\u00e1nta)", "L\u00e1szl\u00f3 Csendes (M\u00e1ty\u00e1s kir\u00e1ly)", "\u00c1kos B\u00faza (Becse)", "Bal\u00e1zs D\u00e9vai (Becse (voice))", "Mikl\u00f3s B. Sz\u00e9kely (F\u00e9lszem\u00fc)", "J\u00e1nos Mercs (L\u00e1szl\u00f3 kir\u00e1ly)", "Nat\u00e1lia Vicei (S\u00e1nta feles\u00e9ge)", "Lajos Papp (Attila / Etele / \u00c1til)", "Csaba Horv\u00e1th (Cs\u00f6jt\u00f6r / P\u00e1sztor)", "Nikola Jan\u010di\u0107 (Kisfi\u00fa)", "Anita T\u00f3th ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}