{"tmdb_id": 4771, "title": "Gone Baby Gone", "original_title": "Gone Baby Gone", "slug_title": "gone-baby-gone", "date": "2007-10-19", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans une banlieue ouvri\u00e8re de Boston, la petite Amanda a disparu. Apr\u00e8s l'\u00e9chec des recherches men\u00e9es par la police, la tante et l'oncle de l'enfant d\u00e9cident de faire appel \u00e0 des d\u00e9tectives priv\u00e9s du coin, Patrick Kenzie et Angie Gennaro.Patrick et Angie connaissent bien le quartier, au point de savoir que H\u00e9l\u00e8ne, la m\u00e8re d'Amanda, est une drogu\u00e9e. Plus ils enqu\u00eatent, plus ils d\u00e9couvrent l'envers de la ville dans ce qu'il a de plus sombre. Ils s'enfoncent au-del\u00e0 des mensonges et des faux-semblants, vers les secrets les plus noirs de la ville, l\u00e0 o\u00f9 r\u00e8gnent les dealers, les criminels et les p\u00e9dophiles. Cela ne les aide pourtant pas dans leur enqu\u00eate et Amanda reste introuvable.Face \u00e0 la pression m\u00e9diatique, Remy Bressant, un enqu\u00eateur qui ne l\u00e2che jamais, et le capitaine de police Jack Doyle vont aussi s'attaquer \u00e0 l'enqu\u00eate. La v\u00e9rit\u00e9 finira par surgir, mais elle aura un prix. Chaque ville a ses secrets, chaque humain sa conscience...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dXXMPxGiRegd7NNCtE5uchAKRAG.jpg", "actors": ["Casey Affleck (Patrick Kenzie)", "Michelle Monaghan (Angie Gennaro)", "Morgan Freeman (Jack Doyle)", "Ed Harris (Sgt. Det. Remy Bressant)", "John Ashton (Det. Nick Poole)", "Amy Ryan (Helene McCready)", "Amy Madigan (Bea McCready)", "Titus Welliver (Lionel McCready)", "Michael Kenneth Williams (Devin)", "Edi Gathegi (\"Cheese\" Jean Baptiste)", "Mark Margolis (Leon Trett)", "Madeline O'Brien (Amanda McCready)", "Slaine (Bubba)", "Matthew Maher (Corwin Earle)", "Trudi Goodman (Roberta Trett)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Do you know people in the neighborhood who don't talk to the police?\r\n\r\nGone Baby Gone is directed by Ben Affleck and Affleck co-adapts the screenplay with Aaron Stockard from the novel of the same name written by Dennis Lehane. It stars Casey Affleck, Michelle Monaghan, Ed Harris, Morgan Freeman, John Ashton and Amy Ryan. Music is by Harry Gregson Williams and cinematography by John Toll.\r\n\r\nPrivate Investigators Patrick Kenzie (Affleck) and Angie Gennaro (Monaghan) are hired to find missing child Amanda McCready (Madeline O'Brien). It appears to be a simple case of a kidnapping, but the deeper the investigators go the darker the truths become.\r\n\r\nA potent drama, Gone Baby Gone offers up a mystery that is propelled by moral murkiness. Unsurprisingly given it's from a Lehane novel, the twists and deep characterisations dovetail seamlessly with the very real feel of a Boston neighbourhood, the sense of place and community superbly marshalled by Ben Affleck (in what was his debut as a director). The story is so strong it makes us the viewers part of the search for missing Amanda, which in turn forces us to answer the ethical quandaries thrust upon Patrick Kenzie.\r\n\r\nWith tech credits firmly in the plus column and the director un-showy and assured enough to keep the key third act from dragging the picture down, this proves to be very good film making. Pic only has minor faults to be bothered by. Monaghan is a fine actress but she is hard to take here in a street wise role, though with a nicely cast Casey Affleck dominating their scenes she gets away with it. The sharp of mind should pick up on what is driving the mystery forward, whilst the ambiguity at resolution point can go either way for respective viewers appreciation or otherwise. But this is all told a rewarding piece of adult cinema and recommended for sure. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [23168, 2252, 5236, 322], "youtube_key": "itPTyd3DkEw"}