{"tmdb_id": 479504, "title": "Stand By", "original_title": "Stand By", "slug_title": "stand-by", "date": "1991-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A painter gets infected by AIDS, and finds himself at disease clinic in Belgrade. He shared the hospital room with an ex-musician, junkie who tries to discontinue treatment and returns home to his wife. The painter believes in recovery through his paintings, believing that they have supernatural powers. In their room, the medics bring a boy suspected to be infected with the AIDS virus. Meanwhile, the musician's wife leaves him. Having desire for revenge, high on drugs and labile, he rapes nurse. The painter's health deteriorates and he dies. Shortly afterwards, the musician commits suicide. Only the boy remains in the room - a child of uncertain fate and in possession of dozens of \"totemic paintings\".", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Branislav Zeremski (Zel)", "Sr\u0111an Pe\u0161i\u0107 (\u0160ipi)", "Ivan Kati\u0107 (Prof. dr. Kara\u0161)", "Savo Radovi\u0107 (Dr. Ivanovi\u0107)", "\u0110ur\u0111ija Cveti\u0107 (Sestra Olga)", "Irena Stepic (Dr. Sukova)", "Mirjana Bjegojevi\u0107 (Sestra Selena)", "Milo\u0161 Trifunovi\u0107 (Mali)", "Predrag Bjelac (Veliki)", "Lidija Bulaji\u0107 (Majka)", "Elizabeta \u0110orevska (Sofi)", "Neboj\u0161a Mugo\u0161a (Pokojnik)", "Dubravka Ostoji\u0107 (Novinarka)", "Mihajlo 'Bata' Paskaljevi\u0107 (Otac)", "Branka Sekulovi\u0107 (Inspektorka)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}