{"tmdb_id": 479606, "title": "L'h\u00e9ritage de No\u00ebl", "original_title": "A Bramble House Christmas", "slug_title": "l-heritage-de-noel", "date": "2017-11-19", "genre": "Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Willa, une aide-soignante en difficult\u00e9, se voit l\u00e9guer la somme de cent mille dollars par un de ses patients d\u00e9c\u00e9d\u00e9s. Il lui offre \u00e9galement, avec son fils de neuf ans, un voyage pendant No\u00ebl dans un lieu cher \u00e0 son c\u0153ur, une maison d'h\u00f4tes situ\u00e9e dans un village de l'Oregon. Le fils de cet homme soup\u00e7onne Willa d'escroquer son p\u00e8re et part \u00e0 sa rencontre sans lui r\u00e9v\u00e9ler son identit\u00e9, et sans se douter qu'il va tomber sous son charme\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/597m2mYce5eITgKWCdFjm2a0BQI.jpg", "actors": ["Autumn Reeser (Willa Fairchild)", "David Haydn-Jones (Finn Conrad)", "Teryl Rothery (Mable)", "Liam Hughes (Scout)", "Hilary Jardine (Sage)", "Julia Benson (Molly)", "Andrew Airlie (Ken)", "Bruce Dawson (Greg)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The suspense behind $100,000.**\r\n\r\nJust as I thought watching Christmas films are over, only the real Christmas is what left to enjoy, I came across with this film. This is a last moment review written in the week of Christmas eve. The reason I liked was, it is another Christmas film based on the book of the same name. I think Hallmark should adapt books more often. The original screenplays are almost nothing. No innovation, not interesting enough. But literature based films like this makes a lot sense to watch. With an artistic presentation, the depth in characters and events, the story is well convincing.\r\n\r\nWell, the story is not new. We all know it, especially how it's going to turn out at the end. But that's not the issue. How much you are satisfied with the way it all were told matters. So apart from a good story, the actors and director too makes an impact. I think it all worked out well for this. Yet there was a small drawback that towards the end of the second act, the story dried up. I mean literally when all the important matter was sorted out, the rest of the narration till the final twist was simply a drag. A time killer with casual scenes.\r\n\r\n> -xX] Look around you, and then close your eyes. Put everything you just saw into your brain like a picture. That way, you can keep it, even after we've gone. [Xx-\r\n\r\nWilla, a single mother and her young boy is all set to enjoy their Christmas in the Bramble house BnB. On the other side of the tale, Finn disappointed with his father who had died weeks ago, left nothing to him, but for a stranger, Willa. So he decides to find out the reason and confront her with a legal option. Now, on the eve of the Christmas week, they meet at the Bramble house and develop an unexpected relationship with mother and son. Once the truth ready to get out, what happens and how the story would end was told quite nicely.\r\n\r\nThe character Finn looked good, but with a bad intention in his mind makes a villain, at least in the beginning. The actor who played it kind looked expressionless, even when he smiled. As the story went on, he looked better. Maybe I got used to it. Because slowly his behaviour has changed, leaving us to expect, how he would react at the end. You know without making something into a complicate, there's no end twist. In this, it was his identity and purpose of meeting Willa. That character makes this tale possible. But Willa is the one mysterious until she reveal about her life, particularly the secret about her son.\r\n\r\nOne of the good Christmas films of this season I've seen. More importantly, it emotionally get us. That's crucial if the film is aimed for families. Of course not without romance theme, otherwise these things won't work, but it was not focused on that thing alone. Mixing the festival occasion, romance, and personal life was neatly done. So if you want to watch a Christmas film, this won't be a bad pick. But as I always say, this is a television film, so be compromised on the overall perspective of the product and enjoy.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [479048, 480622, 576583, 453217]}