{"tmdb_id": 479, "title": "Shaft", "original_title": "Shaft", "slug_title": "shaft", "date": "2000-06-15", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Crime / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "New York. Une simple altercation va entra\u00eener l'Inspecteur John Shaft dans l'enqu\u00eate la plus explosive et la plus dangeureuse de sa carri\u00e8re... L'affaire commence une nuit, dans un bar de Manhattan o\u00f9 Shaft a \u00e9t\u00e9 appel\u00e9 \u00e0 la suite d'une agression raciste. Quelques minutes apr\u00e8s son arriv\u00e9e, la victime (l'\u00e9tudiant noir Trey Howard) succombe \u00e0 un traumatisme cr\u00e2nien. La barmaid Diane Palmieri, unique t\u00e9moin oculaire du drame, d\u00e9signe alors discr\u00e8tement \u00e0 Shaft le coupable : Walter Wade Jr., un gosse de riche qui invoque avec arrogance la l\u00e9gitime d\u00e9fense et d\u00e9fie ouvertement le policier. Shaft arr\u00eate Wade, mais l'avocat Fleming obtient sa lib\u00e9ration imm\u00e9diate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kPQyxTzCnguyYGSGasN37cFin4T.jpg", "actors": ["Samuel L. Jackson (John Shaft)", "Jeffrey Wright (Peoples Hernandez)", "Christian Bale (Walter Wade, Jr.)", "Busta Rhymes (Rasaan)", "Dan Hedaya (Jack Roselli)", "Toni Collette (Diane Palmieri)", "Richard Roundtree ((Uncle) John Shaft)", "Pat Hingle (Judge Dennis Bradford)", "Philip Bosco (Walter Wade Senior)", "Vanessa Williams (Carmen Vasquez)", "Lee Tergesen (Luger)", "Gordon Parks (Lenox Lounge Patron)", "Sonja Sohn (Alice)", "Amer Al-Khan (Bystander at Metronome)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I know cats who'd take out whole zipcodes for that kind of cheese.\r\n\r\nRemakes do work occasionally, case in point Shaft, John Singleton's update of the 1971 Blacksploitation movie that starred Richard Roundtree as the title character. Roundtree gets a part in this one as well, playing the uncle of Samuel L. Jackson's title character, John Shaft.\r\n\r\nIt's the perfect role for Jackson, lashings of cool and menace, on his bulky shoulders dose the film easily rest. Plot finds Shaft turning in his badge after the law proves useless to let racist murderer Walter Wade Junior (Christian Bale a sneering villain but awesome looking in a tux) out on the streets. Shaft vows to bring Wade to justice, by any means necessary. Though he also has other things on his plate, namely Latino drug lord Peoples Hernandez (Jeffrey Wright a riot) and some less than honourable police officers.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay is a little trite, but as an action movie, one with the coolness and sparky humour, it really hits the required spots of those just after such easy minded fare. The support cast is a roll call of sound performers with the likes of Vanessa Williams, Dan Hedaya and Toni Collette fronting up, while the awesome ebullience of Busta Rhymes is very infectious.\r\n\r\nIsaac Hayes gloriously famous theme tune is still in place, pumped up by composer David Arnold, which ensures the feel of the original isn't lost, and Donald E. Thorin's photography is pin sharp and in turns gorgeous (night shots) and streetwise gritty. Shaft, the 2000 version, still bad-ass and sadly under appreciated. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9208, 4824, 1537, 10538]}