{"tmdb_id": 480210, "title": "Truth or Dare", "original_title": "Truth or Dare", "slug_title": "truth-or-dare", "date": "2017-10-08", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l5Dyos3xViHP5ROuCi01P9Q6nZA.jpg", "actors": ["Cassandra Scerbo (Alex Colshis)", "Brytni Sarpy (Maddie Sotarez)", "Mason Dye (Tyler Pemhart)", "Alexxis Lemire (Jessie Havnell)", "Ricardo Hoyos (Luke Wyler)", "Luke Baines (Carter Boyle)", "Harvey Guill\u00e9n (Holt Thorne)", "Christina Masterson (Addison Troy)", "Heather Langenkamp (Donna Boone (Adult))", "Taylor Lyons (Donna Boone (Young))", "Victoria Spencer Smith (Clerk)", "Iantha Richardson (Nurse)", "Bailey Corley (Patient)", "Rob Wolfe (Professor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "True horror with Cassie Scerbo, but the second half's too painful\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2017 and directed by Nick Simon, \"Truth or Dare\" concerns eight college students who decide to party overnight at a house where several similar youths died under mysterious circumstances in 1983. Some kind of malevolent entity linked to the house forces them to play three rounds of 'Truth or Dare,' with each round upping the ante. Will any of them survive? \r\n\r\nWhile \"Truth or Dare\" begins as a haunted house flick, it branches out after the first act. In other words, the youths aren't stuck in the house the entire movie. This is good because a one-dimensional setting like that can be challenging to pull off for filmmakers, as well as tedious to sit through for viewers (but 2017's \"House of the Witch\" surprisingly pulled off the challenge). \r\n\r\nThe first 15 minutes or so are kinda fun due to the party element, but things quickly take a dark, serious turn. The mostly no-name cast is effective with Cassie Scerbo standing out as the main protagonist. She's not so no-name, of course, and the movie doesn't fail to highlight her beauty (and I'm not tawkin' 'bout nudity). Alexxis Lemire & Christina Masterson are also notable in the female department, as is Taylor Lyons in the prologue.\r\n\r\nThe story is deeper than it first appears, as an interesting psychological element is eventually introduced. If you like austere TV-budget horror akin to \"House of the Witch\" mixed with \"From Within\" (2008), you'll appreciate \"Truth or Dare,\" but be forewarned: The second half becomes increasingly painful to watch due to the \"Hostel\"-like 'dares' the kids must face. These parts aren't entertaining in the least, but they're gripping. And the actors are convincing. \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS about 89 minutes and was shot in the Eastern USA (no info on the exact town/state). WRITERS: Thommy Hutson & Ethan Lawrence. ADDITIONAL CAST: Heather Langenkamp from \"A Nightmare on Elm Street\" fame has a small role. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [513510, 508839, 590164, 426034]}