{"tmdb_id": 480414, "title": "La Mal\u00e9diction de la Dame Blanche", "original_title": "The Curse of La Llorona", "slug_title": "la-malediction-de-la-dame-blanche", "date": "2019-04-17", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Quand elle \u00e9tait en vie, elle a noy\u00e9 ses enfants dans un acc\u00e8s de folle jalousie, puis, d\u00e9vast\u00e9e par le chagrin, elle s'est jet\u00e9e dans le fleuve d\u00e9cha\u00een\u00e9.  D\u00e9sormais, ses larmes sont devenues \u00e9ternelles. Elles sont m\u00eame mortelles et tous ceux qui entendent ses appels sinistres la nuit sont maudits. Tapie dans l'ombre, la \"Llorana\" s'attaque aux enfants, cherchant d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment \u00e0 remplacer les siens. Au fil des si\u00e8cles, elle est devenue de plus en plus pr\u00e9datrice\u2026 et ses m\u00e9thodes de plus en plus terrifiantes.  Los Angeles, ann\u00e9es 1970. La Llorana hante la nuit\u2026 et les enfants.  Ignorant les avertissements d'une m\u00e8re soup\u00e7onn\u00e9e de violence sur mineurs, une assistante sociale et ses enfants sont projet\u00e9s dans un monde surnaturel des plus effrayants. Pour esp\u00e9rer survivre \u00e0 la fureur mortelle de la Llorana, leur seul recours est un pr\u00eatre d\u00e9sabus\u00e9 et ses pratiques mystiques destin\u00e9es \u00e0 repousser les forces du mal\u2026 \u00e0 la fronti\u00e8re o\u00f9 la peur et la foi se rencontrent\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jhZlXSnFUpNiLAek9EkPrtLEWQI.jpg", "actors": ["Linda Cardellini (Anna Tate-Garcia)", "Raymond Cruz (Rafael Olvera)", "Marisol Ramirez (La Llorona)", "Patricia Vel\u00e1squez (Patricia Alvarez)", "Sean Patrick Thomas (Detective Cooper)", "Roman Christou (Chris)", "Jaynee-Lynne Kinchen (Samantha)", "Tony Amendola (Father Perez)", "Madeleine McGraw (April)", "Sierra Heuermann (Sam)", "Oliver Alexander (Carlos)", "Irene Keng (Donna)", "Aiden Lewandowski (Tomas)", "Paul Rodr\u00edguez (Officer Claro)", "John Marshall Jones (Mr. Hankins)", "Ricardo Mamood-Vega (Perez)", "Andrew Tinpo Lee (ER Doctor)", "Sophia Santi (Bocanegra / Female customer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s not as bad as The Nun, let me write this straight away. If there\u2019s one thing that this movie proves is Michael Chavestalented filmmaking skills, which offers hope for The Conjuring 3. Contrary to the other spin-off of the universe, The Curse of La Llorona toned down on the lazy exposition and elevated its scary sequences, simply by having a more capable director. Beautiful one-take scenes are spread throughout the runtime, which not only increase the suspense but prove that Chaves actually works hard to provide a terrifying environment.\r\n\r\nHe also delivers some effective and innovative jump scares, even though most of them still follow an annoyingly predictable timing. These are still heavy on the cliche of \u201ccharacter turning her head, big ugly monster face screams and the score goes from silence to screeching volume.\u201d Scenes like these aren\u2019t scary anymore and they feel dated, as well as the typical origin story. There\u2019s nothing new or exciting in an \u201curban legend turned true.\u201d Fortunately, the backstory is simple, it isn\u2019t filled with explicit exposition every two minutes, and the short runtime helps the film to develop through a fast pacing. Sadly, it\u2019s just another common horror screenplay that the writers took from the scripts cabinet.\r\n\r\nLinda Cardellini gives a strong performance as the protagonist. Even though every character in this movie makes questionable decisions that lead to avoidable events (something inevitable in horror films), Anna is a compelling and courageous woman, who only wants to do what\u2019s best for any children, not only their own. Raymond Cruz portrays Rafael, a priest who sort of almost is a deus ex machina. He barely has any kind of decent character development, but he works well enough as comic relief to lighten up an otherwise too dark tone. The kids are good, but Patricia Velasquez (Patricia Alvarez) is way over-the-top, which doesn\u2019t help her already not-so-good script.\r\n\r\nAll in all, The Curse of La Llorona is \u2026 okay. It\u2019s not near as horrible as The Nun, and honestly, that\u2019s a good compliment for such a typical and cliche horror flick. Michael Chaves truly saves what could have been a disaster with another director. Wonderfully handled one-take sequences, which elevate the suspense levels, and he also produced some imaginative jump scares, even if most of them still lack actual scariness. Linda Cardellini is great as the lead, but every character is compelled to make dumb decisions to move the plot forward. Some characters needed more care in their scripts, and more focus on the story to tell instead of just creating scares after scares.\r\n\r\nClose, but not close enough \u2026\r\n\r\nRating: C+"}], "recommandations_id": [157433, 458723, 522681, 532671], "youtube_key": "ALhy6XTpMlk"}