{"tmdb_id": 480638, "title": "Mister No\u00ebl", "original_title": "The Perfect Christmas Present", "slug_title": "mister-noel", "date": "2017-11-04", "genre": "Romance", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Tom est surnomm\u00e9 \"Mister No\u00ebl\" car il a la capacit\u00e9 de d\u00e9terminer \u00e0 la perfection quel sera le cadeau de No\u00ebl parfait en fonction de la personnalit\u00e9 de la personne concern\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3GyGZhHGFfsCSGaxvAafiWMeSe2.jpg", "actors": ["Tara Holt (Jenny)", "Sam Page (Tom Jacobs)", "Ta'Rhonda Jones (Meg)", "Emily Peterson (Victoria)", "Phillip Edward Van Lear (Sam)", "Stacia Crawford (Rosie)", "Sam Guinan-Nyhart (Paul)", "Dan Brown (Lewis)", "Richard Butts (Cafe Patron)", "Annie McKinnie (Fundraiser Attendee)", "Sharon Kluge (Edith)", "Nicholas Lindblad (Matthew)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An intentional Christmas romance tale!**\r\n\r\nThis is a male version of 'A Gift Wrapped Christmas'. Like most of the Christmas films, this is also a romance-drama. A man who earned the nickname Mr. Christmas for his ability to pick the ideal Christmas gifts for people is now not set to find one for his friend's girlfriend. But when they are introduced to each other, the things changes around. They two seems started to have feelings. Then there's always a truth that's ready to strike to make the issue even complicated. How this love triangle tale ends were told in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nThe story was just okay. But the actors were good. Typical Hallmark Christmas film. Always guessable and a romance drama that takes place in the snow falling region/city. Mainly instantly falling in love kind of theme. Knowing the storyline, I knew it was not my cup of tea. Despite I did not enjoy it very much, it was not that bad. I did not feel boring, or annoyance. Using old contents and giving a decent film is not an easy task, but they have done a better job. Its for the home audience, the women would enjoy it. So I respect and give it an average. Neither loved nor disliked, like 50/50.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [474976, 480614, 586654, 480622]}