{"tmdb_id": 481240, "title": "A Decade of Delain - Live at Paradiso", "original_title": "A Decade of Delain - Live at Paradiso", "slug_title": "a-decade-of-delain-live-at-paradiso", "date": "2017-10-27", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "8.7/10", "synopsis": "Delain 10th Anniversary Show and Live  1. Intro (The Monarch)  2. Hands of Gold (featuring Alissa White-Gluz)  3. Suckerpunch  4. The Glory and the Scum  5. Get the Devil Out of Me  6. Army of Dolls  7. The Hurricane  8. April Rain  9. Where Is The Blood (featuring Burton C. Bell)  10. Here Come the Vultures  11. Fire With Fire  12. The Tragedy of the Commons (featuring Alissa White-Gluz)  13. Danse Macabre  14. Sleepwalkers Dream (featuring Rob van der Loo, Sander Zoer, and Guus Eikens)  15. Your Body is a Battleground (featuring Marco Hietala \u2013 video)  16. Stay Forever  17. See Me In Shadow (featuring Liv Kristine and Elianne Anemaat)  18. The Gathering  19. Pristine (featuring George Oosthoek)  20. Mother Machine  21. Sing to Me (featuring Marco Hietala \u2013 video)  22. Don\u2019t Let Go  23. We Are the Others  DVD/Blu-Ray Bonus Content:  1. We Are the Others \u2013 A Decade of Delain documentary  2. \u201cWe Are the Others\u201d \u2013 live at Masters of Rock 2015  3. \u201cSuckerpunch\u201d official music video", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4NcFToHjEHGXLK2HdIDcNF68BQx.jpg", "actors": ["Martijn Westerholt (Self)", "Charlotte Wessels (Self)", "Timo Somers (Self)", "Merel Bechthold (Self)", "Otto Schimmelpenninck van der Oije (Self)", "Ruben Israel (Self)", "Liv Kristine (Guest)", "Burton C. Bell (Guest)", "George Oosthoek (Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ColinJ", "content": "Excellent retrospective concert for the Dutch symphonic metal band. Often dubbed 'Lightwish' by detractors I personally find them the best of those bands derivative of the Finnish legends.\r\n\r\nMy only real complaints about this show are the use of backing tapes for even guitar parts. You have two guitarists on stage, so what the hell!?! The other is the fact that there are only two songs from the phenomenal second album 'April Rain'.\r\n\r\nBeyond that, this is slick, looks and sounds great and will make fans happy. I just wish they had squeezed in 'Nothing Left' or 'On The Other Side'."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}