{"tmdb_id": 4816, "title": "Ghost Dog, la voie du samoura\u00ef", "original_title": "Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai", "slug_title": "ghost-dog-la-voie-du-samourai", "date": "1999-09-13", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans l'\u00c9tat du New-Jersey, un tueur \u00e0 gage noir vit selon les pr\u00e9ceptes du Hagakure, code d'honneur des samoura\u00efs du Japon m\u00e9di\u00e9val. Il vit seul, tr\u00e8s simplement, en nourrissant ses pigeons, se faisant appeler \u00ab Ghost Dog \u00bb. Son sauveur \u00e0 la suite d'un incident survenu huit ans auparavant, qu'il consid\u00e8re comme son \u00ab Ma\u00eetre \u00bb, fait partie de la mafia italienne locale. Quand la fille du \u00ab Parrain \u00bb devient le t\u00e9moin d'un des contrats de \u00ab Ghost Dog \u00bb, celui-ci semble alors bien g\u00eanant pour les mafieux qui d\u00e9cident de s'en d\u00e9barrasser au plus vite...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/40xNTY01iODNsQdkKm0o0uFEJUa.jpg", "actors": ["Forest Whitaker (Ghost Dog)", "Cliff Gorman (Sonny Valerio)", "Tricia Vessey (Louise Vargo)", "Henry Silva (Ray Vargo)", "Victor Argo (Vinny)", "Joseph Rigano (Joe Rags)", "Vince Viverito (Johnny Morini)", "John Tormey (Louie)", "Damon Whitaker (Young Ghost Dog)", "Frank Minucci (Big Angie)", "Richard Portnow (Handsome Frank)", "Gene Ruffini (Old Consigliere)", "Frank Adonis (Bodyguard)", "RZA (Samurai)", "Isaach De Bankol\u00e9 (Raymond)", "Chuck Jeffreys (Mugger)", "Gano Grills (Gangsta in Red)", "Jamie Hector (Gangsta in Red)", "Roberto Lopez (Punk in Alley)", "Jerry Todisco (Punk in Alley)", "Camille Winbush (Pearline)", "Gary Farmer (Nobody)", "Jerry Sturiano (Lefty)", "Alfred Nittoli (Al)", "Sharon Angela (Blonde with Jaguar)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "The eponymous protagonist of Jim Jarmusch's 1999 film GHOST DOG is an African-American hitman (Forest Whitaker) working for an Italian mafia in New Jersey and living according to the Hagakure, Japan's samurai code. After a hit goes wrong through no fault of the assassin's own, his mafia liaison Louie (John Tormey) is sympathetic, but explains that his superiors now want Ghost Dog dead. The film follows Ghost Dog's revenge and depicts a clash between two ancient tribes that both seem out of date in this modern world: Ghost Dog's samurai code and Italian mafia ideas of loyalty.\r\n\r\nJarmusch has always been open about the fact that he soaks up a huge number of inspirations from earlier films, books, and music and then lets them reflect in his own work. Any cinephile will instantly recognize Jean-Pierre Melville's 1967 film Le Samoura\u00ef as the point of departure for GHOST DOG. In Meville's classic, a Parisian hired assassin lives according to a strict code. But Melville didn't really know much about Japan, and even the quotation from a samurai text at the beginning of his film was just made up by Meville himself. Jarmusch seems to have decided, \"OK, I'll show you a hired-assassin film that's *really* rooted in the code of the Samurai\". Forest Whitaker quotes from Hagakure throughout the film, and there are also references to the work of Akira Kurosawa.\r\n\r\nBut GHOST DOG is not a remake, and Jarmusch takes the basic premise in a very individual direction. There's a lot of humour here, something missing from the serious Melville inspiration. In casting for the mafia dons, Jarmusch chose faces as brutal and distinctive as Dick Tracy's rogues gallery: Henry Silva as the don, and Cliff Gorman and Gene Ruffini as his righthand men. But Jarmusch then gives them the occasional zany line that cracks that chilling fa\u00e7ade. Isaach de Bankole plays a supporting role as a French-speaking Haitian immigrant and Ghost Dog's best friend, a role that is pure comic relief because the man doesn't speak English and Ghost Dog doesn't understand French, but they always manage to understand each other.\r\n\r\nUntil the late 1990s, Jarmusch had mainly been known as a fairly low-budget independent filmmaker writing cute little stories about personal relationships in low-key American life. Jarmusch's America was consistently depicted as run-down neighbourhoods and overgrown vacant lots. With its generous budget, large cast and special effects, GHOST DOG marked a huge leap forward in Jarmusch's work. Still, it maintains Jarmusch's interest in America as a land of urban blight and seedy underbellies: most of the film takes place in an ugly New Jersey urban setting. Furthermore, instead of being glamorized, the Italian mafia is depicted as a spent force, mainly elderly men who can't rake in the cash and influence they used to, and even forced to pay protection money to Chinese newcomers. As the film reaches its shocking ending, the glamour is drained from Ghost Dog's warrior code, as well.\r\n\r\nThe music for GHOST DOG was provided by RZA, at the time still best known as part of the Wu-Tang Clan. The music mainly consists of wordless beats, though, with actual rapping only at a few points. Personally, I find the use of hip-hop a weak point of the film (Jarmusch looks like an outsider looking in to this scene, unable to organically make it part of his own work), and RZA's insistence on appearing in the film itself disrupts the rhythm of the film's climax."}], "recommandations_id": [922, 308, 1554, 469]}