{"tmdb_id": 481847, "title": "I Am Elizabeth Smart", "original_title": "I Am Elizabeth Smart", "slug_title": "i-am-elizabeth-smart", "date": "2017-11-18", "genre": "Documentaire / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z6TvxU1gC2TBUpXigKRKhuy3x1p.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Smart ()", "Alana Boden (Elizabeth Smart)", "Skeet Ulrich (Brian David Mitchell)", "Deirdre Lovejoy (Wanda Barzee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Lloyd", "content": "Excellent movie!  I read about Elizabeth Smart since she was rescued and loved how this movie. One gets what she had to live through being a captive of these two phychos. I found it wonderful from beginning to end."}, {"pseudo": "Kewl Kat", "content": "Kinda boring but that's how it was in real life. It's a good thing the police finally came along or else Elizabeth would still be a tent bride. This movie makes one thing perfectly clear, learn science and skip religion. It's a form of brainwashing that our country protects. It's evil. Her captors were evil and the religion her parents drown her in didn't do her any favors, either. Elizabeth can try and rationalize her story any way she likes, it's her life... but thinking that rain fall or a cup of water were \"miracles\" is flat out childish. A magic sky daddy didn't save her, cops did. And while I am happy she was rescued, she played practically no part in it. Being submissive and scared isn't heroic."}], "recommandations_id": []}