{"tmdb_id": 4820, "title": "La Proie des Vautours", "original_title": "Never So Few", "slug_title": "la-proie-des-vautours", "date": "1959-12-07", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Se battant dans la jungle birmane contre l'arm\u00e9e imp\u00e9riale japonaise, les capitaines Reynolds (Frank Sinatra) et De Mortimer (Richard Johnson) se rendent \u00e0 Calcutta rechercher des m\u00e9dicaments et un m\u00e9decin. Reynolds y rencontre dans une r\u00e9ception une femme fatale, Carla Vesari (Gina Lollobrigida).  De retour aupr\u00e8s de leurs hommes, dans la jungle, ils doivent faire face aux multiples attaques japonaises tr\u00e8s meurtri\u00e8res et sont amen\u00e9s \u00e0 traverser la fronti\u00e8re chinoise en d\u00e9pit des ordres, pour neutraliser des fournitures d'armes et de mat\u00e9riel. Apr\u00e8s avoir ordonn\u00e9 de fusiller des prisonniers en repr\u00e9sailles, le capitaine Reynolds est traduit en cour martiale mais gr\u00e2ce au soutien du g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Sloan (Brian Donlevy), il est acquitt\u00e9 et retrouve Carla.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5TzI4sDBPscxeq2SNcM8GZEL0Mh.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Sinatra (Capt. Tom Reynolds)", "Gina Lollobrigida (Carla Vesari)", "Charles Bronson (Sgt. John Danforth)", "Steve McQueen (Bill Ringa)", "Peter Lawford (Capt. Grey Travis)", "Paul Henreid (Nikko Regas)", "Brian Donlevy (Gen. Sloan)", "Kipp Hamilton (Margaret Fitch)", "Dean Jones (Sgt. Jim Norby)", "Robert Bray (Col. Fred Parkson)", "Aki Aleong (Billingsly)", "Richard Johnson (Capt. Danny De Mortimer)", "John Hoyt (Col. Reed)", "Whit Bissell (Capt. Alofson - Psychiatrist)", "Philip Ahn (Nautaung)", "James Hong (General Chao (uncredited))", "Mako (Soldier in Hospital (uncredited))", "William Smith (MP Officer #1 (uncredited))", "George Takei (Soldier in Hospital (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "alarmgy", "content": "This was Steve McQueen's breakout role and I can see why. He does not have that much screen time, but he makes the most of every scene he is in. The jungle parts are okay, but they could have lost the whole Frankie and Gina romance thing and no would miss it. There was just no chemistry there. Actually the Burmese girl was more his type, except for the whole spy thing. Then there is Peter Lawford. Kind of disappointing. He seemed to be just collecting a paycheck. The rest is okay. It was worth 2 hours to see McQueen's first staring role, but I would not pay to see it again."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Nothing in this war makes sense. Why you expect it to make sense now?\r\n\r\nAn allied guerrilla unit led by Capt. Tom Reynolds (Frank Sinatra) deals with the Japanese army and warlord controlled Chinese troops out in the Burma jungle.\r\n\r\n\"In the hills of North Burma, gateway to the vast prize of Asia, less than a thousand Kachin warriors, fighting under American and British leadership of the O.S.S., held back 40,000 Japanese in the critical, early years of World War II. It has been said NEVER have free men everywhere owed so much to SO FEW\".\r\n\r\nKiller Warrants and The Unprecedented War.\r\n\r\nDirected by John Sturges and featuring Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Peter Lawford, Brian Donlevy, Gina Lollobrigida, Richard Johnson and Paul Henreid. Never So Few it's fair to say has a iffy reputation, originally conceived as a rat pack war film, it has some great strengths and some annoying weaknesses. The story itself is great, a part of the war that deserves to have been portrayed on the big screen, but why the makers didn't exorcise the whole romantic thread remains not just a mystery, but nearly a film killer.\r\n\r\nAs lovely as Miss Lollobrigida is, her whole character arc, and the relationship with Sinatra's stoic Reynolds, is surplus to requirements. It serves absolutely no purpose to defining other characters or for narrative invention. This strand of the story carries the film to over two hours in length, without this strand it's a film of 90 minutes focusing on the brave souls who fought in the Burmese conflict. Which is what it should have been.\r\n\r\nWhen dealing with the conflicts, both outer and inner, the film does excite. The wily Sturges knows his way around an action scene and all the efforts here are gripping. Cast are fine and dandy, with McQueen dominating his scenes, Johnson the class act on show, while Sinatra, once he gets rid of the fake beard, shows his knack for tortured emotion to the point you just can't help but root for him even when he's being pig-headed (not a stretch for old blue eyes of course).\r\n\r\nTech credits are mixed, the studio sets are easily spotted, but conversely so are the real and pleasing location sequences filmed in Ceylon. The Panavision photography (William H. Daniels) is beautiful, a Metrocolor treat, but Hugo Friedhofer unusually turns in a lifeless musical score. All told it's not hard to see why it's a film that divides opinions, it's very episodic and that romance drags it something terrible. But still strong merits exist and it at least gets the core of the real story out in the public domain. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [5917, 5922, 55305, 37214], "youtube_key": "3eNLWO6LFKc"}