{"tmdb_id": 4824, "title": "Le Chacal", "original_title": "The Jackal", "slug_title": "le-chacal", "date": "1997-11-14", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Aventure / Crime"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "On ne conna\u00eet de lui que son surnom : Le chacal. Tueur impitoyable aux multiples visages, le chacal pr\u00e9pare un attentat contre une des plus hautes personnalit\u00e9s des Etats-Unis. Pour le contrer, une seule solution : lib\u00e9rer Mulqueen, ancien terroriste. Une lutte implacable s\u2019engage, qui se poursuit aux quatres coins du monde. Une course effr\u00e9n\u00e9e contre le temps\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6Hh2ROGTRKdbUfEXVVv5fNhmXK3.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (The Jackal)", "Sidney Poitier (Carter Preston)", "Diane Venora (Major Valentina Koslova)", "Richard Gere (Declan Mulqueen)", "J.K. Simmons (FBI Agent T. I. Witherspoon)", "Mathilda May (Isabella Zanconia)", "John Cunningham (FBI Director Donald Brown)", "Jack Black (Ian Lamont)", "Stephen Spinella (Douglas)", "Tess Harper (The First Lady)", "David Hayman (Terek Murad)", "Ravil Isyanov (Ghazzi Murad)", "Maggie Castle (Maggie)", "Richard Lineback (FBI Agent McMurphy)", "Karen Kirschenbauer (Speaker)", "Daniel Dae Kim (Akashi)", "Serge Houde (Beaufres)", "Leslie Phillips (Woolburton)", "Steve Bassett (George Decker)", "Yuri Stepanov (Victor Politovsky)", "Jonathan Aris (Alexander Radzinski)", "Richard Cubison (General Belinko)", "Bob Kingdom (Ambassador Koldin)", "Peter Sullivan (Vasilov)", "John Harrington Bland (Dave)", "Terry Loughlin (Davis)", "Walt MacPherson (Dennehey)", "Jim Grimshaw (Green Beret Colonel)", "Terrence Currier (Surgeon General)", "Sophie Okonedo (Jamaican Girl)", "Michael Caton-Jones (Man in Video)", "Laura Viederman (Woman in Video)", "Gregory Porter Miller (Paramedic)", "Murphy Guyer (NSC Representative)", "Philip LeMaistre (Bored Teenage Clerk)", "James McCauley (CIA Representative #1)", "Victor Sobchak (Doctor)", "Serge Christianssens (Immigration Officer)", "Boris Boscovic (Interrogator)", "Ewan Bailey (Prison Guard)", "Danette Alberico (Woman with Champagne #1)", "Debra Gano (Woman with Champagne #2)", "Pamela Poitier (Law Clerk)", "Eddie Bo Smith Jr. (Washington Cop)", "Dan Ziskie (CIA Representative #2)", "Gayle Jessup (Reporter)", "Bill Collins (Medic)", "David Gene Gibbs (Pilot)", "James M. Helkey (Co-Pilot)", "Larry King (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Globetrotting pursuit of a master-of-disguise assassin\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1997 and directed by Michael Caton-Jones, \"The Jackal\u201d is an international crime thriller about a joint FBI/MVD mission (led by Sidney Poitier and Diane Venora) that enlists the aid of an imprisoned IRA combatant (Richard Gere) to stop a brutal master-of-disguise assassin known as The Jackal (Bruce Willis) from completing a big hit in Washington DC. This was a loose remake of the film \u201cThe Day of the Jackal\u201d (1973), which was based on the 1971 novel by Frederick Forsyth.\r\n\r\nThe first act is too convoluted for my tastes as the story globetrots from Moscow to Helsinki to Canada to the USA. But the movie finds its footing and settles into an entertaining political action flick not far removed from the tone of \u201cThe Saint\u201d with Val Kilmer, released the same year. Both films are from the same genre, have the same tone, were made for the same amount ($60 million), feature an antagonist who\u2019s a master-of-disguise and are named after that person. While both movies made roughly the same in North America ($55-60 million), \u201cThe Jackal\u201d proved more popular worldwide, making almost $160 million, which was $50 million more than \u201cThe Saint.\u201d IMHO \u201cThe Jackal\u201d is the more all-around entertaining picture.\r\n\r\nCritics love to lambaste this movie because (1.) it deviates too much from the original film and (2.) because of the mounting nonsensical elements. But (1.) \u201cThe Jackal\u201d was made to stand on its own in late 90\u2019s cinema and (2.) why do other action thrillers like James Bond get a pass when it comes to ridiculous plot holes? Besides, many of the supposed nonsensical moments can easily be cleared up if you pay attention to the details; not all of them, of course, but many of them.\r\n\r\nWhat I don\u2019t like is the disingenuousness of many of the criticisms. For instance, Roger Ebert\u2019s opening criticism of the film was to mock the way The Jackal sneaks into the USA from Canada by purchasing a sailboat and entering a race from Mackinaw to Chicago. Ebert reasoned that there are easier ways to enter the US inconspicuously along the 3000-mile border, but he left out an important detail: The Jackal was smuggling a huge computerized machine gun and its formidable mount. THAT is why he bought the yacht and used the race as a means to enter the country unnoticeably amidst a crowd of other crafts. Aduh.\r\n\r\nOne of the best aspects of this flick is the great cast and seeing them work together. Poitier was 69 during filming and looks very distinguished; this was incidentally his last theatrical release (although he appeared in four TV movies in the ensuing four years). Jack Black is effective in a peripheral role tailor-made for him.\r\n\r\nBut it\u2019s Gere and Willis who steal the show, naturally. The latter is particularly entertaining in an almost shocking departure from his typical easy-going, friendly persona. As The Jackal, Willis is relaxed, carefree, cold, malicious, cunning, calculating, smart, icy and ruthless; a charming psychopath.\r\n\r\nI shouldn't close without mentioning the excellent score by Carter Burwell mixed with an edgy alternative rock soundtrack, featuring cuts by Massive Attack (\"Superpredators\" and \"Dissolved Girl\") and the like.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hour, 4 minutes and was shot in Moscow, Finland, Montreal, London, the Carolinas, Virginia and Chicago. SCREENPLAY: Chuck Pfarrer.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [9208, 9319, 8838, 9691], "youtube_key": "nszMBbCZKo4"}