{"tmdb_id": 482635, "title": "Bellator 185: Mousasi vs. Shlemenko", "original_title": "Bellator 185: Mousasi vs. Shlemenko", "slug_title": "bellator-185-mousasi-vs-shlemenko", "date": "2017-10-20", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Bellator 185: Mousasi vs. Shlemenko took place on October 20, 2017 at Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut .  Bellator 185 marked the debut of heralded middleweight fighter Gegard Mousasi. Having competed for the UFC for the last four years, Mousasi opted to sign with Bellator MMA when his contract came up.  Muhammed Lawal was scheduled to face Liam McGeary in a Light Heavyweight bout in the co-main event. However, on October 2, he pulled out of the fight due to an undisclosed injury. He was replaced by Bubba McDaniel.  The following week, McGeary pulled out of the fight due to a thumb injury.  Brennan Ward was scheduled to face David Rickels in a welterweight bout on the main card. However, on October 16, Ward was removed from the card due to injury and Rickels was pulled from the card as a result.  Javier Torres was scheduled to face Neiman Gracie on this card, but pulled out due to injury. He was replaced with welterweight Zak Bucia.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8h3hdYFkTC1QBpPCITxfImsUFWP.jpg", "actors": ["Gegard Mousasi ()", "Alexander Shlemenko ()", "Neiman Gracie ()", "Zak Bucia ()", "Kristina Williams ()", "Heather Hardy ()", "Ryan Quinn ()", "Marcus Surin ()", "Lisa Blaine ()", "Ana Julaton ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}