{"tmdb_id": 482809, "title": "Gehenna: Darkness Unleashed", "original_title": "Gehenna: Darkness Unleashed", "slug_title": "gehenna-darkness-unleashed", "date": "2015-10-25", "genre": ["Thriller / Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The horror/suspense thriller feature film GEHENNA opens with an intense scene where a large man is running through the dark woods while screaming. As he approaches an abandon old garage out of the fog and darkness an unseen image(Antagonist) ascends from beneath the fog. Within a minute he over powers the large man who desperately try's to escape from being pulled into the darkness. Three days later a group of hikers accidentally stumble upon badly mangled body parts and quickly report it to the police. Over the next few weeks several murders are discovered. The killings appear to be committed using some sharp object and still no one including the police has a clue how or why they are occurring. Seasoned police detective Roger Cook(Protagonist) is a burnt-out burly looking investigator who is earnestly looking forward to retiring in 10 days.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yLlN0kpLGWDAHMwCxuHDTvIIoID.jpg", "actors": ["Kazarr (Rodash)", "Lauren Cash (Detective Brown)", "Therron Dumas (Sgt. Coleman)", "Caleb J. Jackson (Detective Sgt. Cook)", "W. Keith Scott (Pastor John Baker)", "Akiba Robinson (Pastor's Wife)", "Brilliance Hall (Creepy Man)", "Tasha Wooday (Church Member)", "Marcus Murphy (Hiker 1)", "Marissa Carioscia (Hiker 2)", "Dave Fairbanks (Community Member)", "W. Keith Scott (Community Member)", "Tasha Nwude (Community Member)", "Barry Battle (Running Man)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "RvF1ftnnv7Q"}