{"tmdb_id": 48340, "title": "Sanctum", "original_title": "Sanctum", "slug_title": "sanctum", "date": "2011-02-03", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Plongeur expert, Frank McGuire se lance dans l\u2019exploration \u00e0 haut risque des grottes immerg\u00e9es d\u2019Esa\u2019ala, dans le Pacifique sud. Il emm\u00e8ne avec lui entre autres son fils de dix-sept ans, Josh, et le milliardaire Carl Hurley, qui finance l\u2019exp\u00e9dition. L\u2019\u00e9quipe s\u2019engage dans le plus vaste, le plus myst\u00e9rieux et le plus inaccessible des r\u00e9seaux de grottes du monde. Lorsqu\u2019une temp\u00eate tropicale s\u2019abat sur la zone, ils sont oblig\u00e9s de s\u2019enfoncer dans le labyrinthe sous-marin pour lui \u00e9chapper. D\u00e9sormais perdus dans un d\u00e9cor incroyable, ils doivent absolument trouver une issue avant qu\u2019il ne soit trop tard. Ce monde inconnu ne leur pardonnera aucune erreur\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5l92uVRYsFeszIBnYNmmkKaO6Rh.jpg", "actors": ["Ioan Gruffudd (Carl Hurley)", "Richard Roxburgh (Frank McGuire)", "Alice Parkinson (Victoria Elaine)", "Daniel Wyllie (Crazy George)", "Allison Cratchley (Judes)", "Christopher James Baker (J.D.)", "Nicole Downs (Liz)", "Cramer Cain (Luko)", "Andrew Hansen (Dex)", "John Garvin (Jim Sergeant)", "Sean Dennehy (Chopper Pilot)", "Nea Diap (Kastom Shaman)", "Rhys Wakefield (Josh)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A private place from which most people are excluded\u2026\r\n\r\nMuch was made during the publicity and promotion for Sanctum of James Cameron\u2019s name being attached, understandably so. Sanctum is what it is, a glossy exercise in 3D film making, a disaster movie awash with clich\u00e9s and contrivances, a picture that\u2019s narrative drive comes from following a well worn formula in this particular sphere of genre film making. Is it fun? Thrilling? Oh absolutely! The effects work is super at times, the scenery equally so, whilst some of the set pieces are dynamite. If you can get past the cheese and clich\u00e9 buffet bar then there\u2019s a whole bunch of tasty treats to be sampled down in those dark and dingy cave formations\u2026\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s directed by Alister Grierson but in truth this is a Cameron movie, and with that comes the fact that it\u2019s the best and worst of Cameron. Take that as you will\u2026  6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [22787, 25769, 503, 29427]}