{"tmdb_id": 483708, "title": "Sailor Moon - Le Mouvement Final", "original_title": "Sailor Moon - Le Mouvement Final", "slug_title": "sailor-moon-le-mouvement-final", "date": "2017-09-08", "genre": ["Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Usagi has come to the airport to see Mamoru off as he heads to the US to study abroad, but someone shatters Mamoru's body to pieces. In shock, Usagi loses her memory and collapses, but a member of the super idol group the Three Lights is there to catch her. That day, the Three Lights were to star in a music festival. Usagi and friends were planning to perform as well, but a new enemy arrives. Calling themselves \"Shadow Galactica,\" these enemies are Sailor Guardians aiming to steal Sailor Crystals!  At the same time, a mysterious young girl named Chibi Chibi and new Sailor Guardians, the Sailor Starlights, also appear, and a battle on an unprecedented scale begins.  Sailor Guardians vs. Sailor Guardians! Fittingly the Sailor Moon \"final battle\" has the future of the galaxy at stake and it starts now!!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vOpGn7FmWwg7NOu3Q32MeVo99Hl.jpg", "actors": ["Hotaru Nomoto (Sailor Moon)", "Yume Takeuchi (Sailor Mercury)", "Karen Kobayashi (Sailor Mars)", "Kaede (Sailor Jupiter)", "Rimo Hasegawa (Sailor Venus)", "Mikako Ishii (Sailor Pluto)", "Yuuga Yamato (Tuxedo Mask)", "Shuu Shiotsuki (Sailor Uranus)", "Sayaka Fujioka (Sailor Neptune)", "Mirai (Sailor Saturn)", "Airi Kanda (Sailor Chibi Moon)", "Meiku Harukawa (Sailor Star Fighter)", "Riona Tatemichi (Sailor Star Maker)", "Saki Matsuda (Sailor Star Healer)", "Asami Okamura (Princess Kakyuu)", "Hinari Yamaguchi (Sailor Chibi Chibi)", "Chise Niitsu (Sailor Chibi Chibi)", "Satomi Okubo (Sailor Cosmos)", "Coco Isuzu (Sailor Galaxia)", "Shion Aoki (Sailor Iron Mouse)", "Yuka Kobayashi (Sailor Aluminium Siren)", "Iriya Yuto (Sailor Lead Crow)", "Miyu Hashigaki (Sailor Tin Nyanko)", "Ryuuji Kasahara (Voice of Chaos)", "Yukari Shiihara (Members of Shadow Galactica)", "Yochimi Hidano (Members of Shadow Galactica)", "Ayumi Sagisaka (Member of Shadow Galactica)", "Ayano Nagasawa (Member of Shadow Galactica)", "Yochimi Hidano (Member of Shadow Galactica)", "Yukari Shiihara (Member of Shadow Galactica)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "e49KPuYdXh0"}