{"tmdb_id": 48408, "title": "Dirty Dingus Magee", "original_title": "Dirty Dingus Magee", "slug_title": "dirty-dingus-magee", "date": "1970-11-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Ass-breaker Dingus Magee is looking for a gold train when he comes upon old acquaintance Hoke Birdsill on stage to San Francisco, and robs him of his money. Hoke goes to the nearby town of Yerkey's Hole, where Belle Knops is both mayor and bordello-mistress. She appoints Hoke Town Sheriff and tries to get him to stir up the Indians so the soldiers at the nearby fort (the main customers) won't go to Little Big Horn. Dingus tries to stir up more trouble and get involved with the pale, baby-talking Indian, Anna. The film is a send-up of the oft-repeated phrase \"the Code of the West\" and exaggerates it and what it stands for into the ridiculousness that it is.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ekGTRq3UYzUmdso2Nw1Uv9SLMLU.jpg", "actors": ["Frank Sinatra (Dingus Billy Magee)", "George Kennedy (Herkimer 'Hoke' Birdsill)", "Anne Jackson (Belle Nops)", "Lois Nettleton (Prudence Frost (schoolteacher))", "Jack Elam (John Wesley Hardin)", "Michele Carey (Anna Hot Water)", "John Dehner (Brig. Gen. George)", "Henry Jones (Rev. Green)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Charles Stuart)", "Paul Fix (Crazy Blanket (Anna's father))", "Marya Christen (China Poppy (Belle's maid))", "Terry Wilson (Sergeant)", "Willis Bouchey (Ira Teasdale)", "Tom Fadden (Trooper)", "Mina Martinez (Belle's girl)", "Sheila Foster (Belle's girl)", "Irene Kelly (Belle's girl)", "Diane Sayer (Belle's girl)", "Jean London (Belle's girl)", "Gayle Rogers (Belle's girl)", "Timothy Blake (Belle's girl)", "Lisa Todd (Belle's girl)", "Carol Andreson (Belle's girl)", "Maray Ayres (Belle's girl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "_ryPe4S7m60"}