{"tmdb_id": 484247, "title": "L'Ombre d'Emily", "original_title": "A Simple Favor", "slug_title": "l-ombre-d-emily", "date": "2018-08-29", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Stephanie cherche \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur la soudaine disparition de sa meilleure amie Emily.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/shkTxVgVbKx0xyaVyqOBBCqowcH.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Kendrick (Stephanie Smothers)", "Blake Lively (Emily Nelson)", "Henry Golding (Sean Townsend)", "Andrew Rannells (Darren)", "Rupert Friend (Dennis Nylon)", "Ian Ho (Nicky Nelson)", "Joshua Satine (Miles Smothers)", "Paul Jurewicz (Bobby Chelkowsky)", "Roger Dunn (Bruce Hargrave)", "Dustin Milligan (Chris)", "Eric Johnson (Davis)", "Bashir Salahuddin (Detective Summervile)", "Linda Cardellini (Diana Hyland)", "Jason Oliveira (Diego)", "Danielle Bourgon (Grace, Stephanie's Mom)", "Patti Harrison (Kiko)", "Ava LaFramboise (Lulu)", "Jean Smart (Margaret McLanden)", "Sarah Baker (Maryanne Chelkowsky)", "Glenda Braganza (Mrs. Kerry)", "Zach Smadu (Officer Blanco)", "Andrew Moodie (Sergeant Molloy)", "Aparna Nancherla (Sona)", "Kelly McCormack (Stacy)", "Gia Sandhu (Valerie)", "Melissa O'Neil (Beth)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "First and foremost, this film feels like someone went to their local grocery store, grabbed a random three-dollar mystery novel off the checkout shelf, and decided to make it a movie with some extremely popular and attractive people. In other words, it's a silly mystery movie with crazy, zany twists and turns.\r\n\r\nSome of those twists and turns were easy enough to see coming, but some of them were straight out of left field. In addition to the entertaining twists, the film does a decent job of not taking itself seriously. The humor in the movie is peppered in during great moments. Some of it is cheesy, but if you're going to this film for a deep, thought-provoking film, don't.\r\n\r\nThe characters themselves are all extremely exaggerated. Lively's Emily is over-the-top sophisticated, crass, and private to the point where she won't allow pictures or even paintings of her face. Kendrick's Stephanie is bubbly, eager, awkward, and overly friendly. The rest of the cast fills in the needs around them, and while the cast is filled with one-note characters, they fulfill the needs well. Golding's Sean was my least favorite, but mainly because he doesn't have a defined archetype in a film filled with single-aspect characters.\r\n\r\nThe biggest issue with the film is the plot itself. Emily contradicts herself with the motive for her faking her own death. She tells Sean that she did it for him and for Nicky. Then she says she did it for her. On top of it all, she doesn't appear to have a plan to get the insurance money after it comes through. The film could have easily alleviated all of these issues with a quick scene or a line about fake passports for Emily and Nicky.\r\n\r\nAll in all, A Simple Favor is a fun romp filled with crazy twists and turns, humor, and great acting. Don't think too much about the film itself, and just go have some fun. It's definitely worth a getaway matinee."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I **really** don't know what vibe _A Simple Favor_ was going for, but I know I kinda liked it.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [454992, 489999, 455207, 402900]}