{"tmdb_id": 48572, "title": "Red State", "original_title": "Red State", "slug_title": "red-state", "date": "2011-08-19", "genre": ["Horreur / Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Trois adolescents vivant dans le midwest am\u00e9ricain r\u00e9pondent sur Internet \u00e0 une annonce promettant des relations sexuelles. Ils sont loin de se douter qu'ils vont tomber entre les mains d'une secte d\u2019extr\u00e9mistes religieux aux intentions macabres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h43jPTebYOabSXqNQqrRQpg6DPc.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Parks (Pastor Abin Cooper)", "John Goodman (Joseph Keenan)", "Melissa Leo (Sara)", "Michael Angarano (Travis)", "Kyle Gallner (Jarod)", "Nicholas Braun (Billy-Ray)", "Kerry Bish\u00e9 (Cheyenne)", "Stephen Root (Sherrif Wynan)", "Matt Jones (Deputy Pete)", "Kevin Alejandro (Harry, the Tactical Agent)", "Ralph Garman (Caleb)", "Anna Gunn (Travis' Mother)", "Kevin Pollak (ASAC Brooks)", "Betty Aberlin (Abigail)", "Jennifer Schwalbach Smith (Esther)", "Patrick Fischler (Agent Hammond)", "Damian Young (Agent Carol)", "David Marciano (Agent Eccles)", "Kaylee DeFer (Dana)", "Ronnie Connell (Randy)", "Alexa Nikolas (Jesse)", "Cooper Thornton (Plastic Wrap Man)", "James Parks (Mordechai)", "Haley Ramm (Maggie)", "Elizabeth Tripp (Melanie)", "Molly Livingston (Fiona May)", "John Lacy (Travis' Father)", "Catherine McCord (News Reporter)", "Deborah Aquila (Mrs. Vasquez)", "Joey Figueroa (Route 9 Friend)", "Rose Colasanti (Believer)", "Carryl Lynn (Believer)", "Alyssa Petersen (Believer)", "Bill Cleavelin (Believer)", "Sadey Paige Nifong (Believer)", "Scott Nifong (Believer)", "Gary Sievers (Believer)", "Marc Blucas (ATF Sniper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Berserker \u2013 Berserker.\r\n\r\n\r\nKevin Smith breaks away from his comedic roots to direct and write this religious/political/bigot baiter that lurches from Hostel type madness into a siege of the damned. Starring Melissa Leo, Michael Parks, John Goodman, Michael Angarano, Kerry Bishe and Nicholas Braun, story finds Parks heading up a Christian cult that lures horny youngsters to their place of worship on the promise of sex with an older woman. Of course once the lads get there it\u2019s not long before the truth of the lure is revealed and we are treated to hate spiel by sermon and some unpleasantness from the production code edition of the torture porn play book. \r\n\r\nRed State is an infuriating movie in many ways, but it is never dull and it always remains challenging, even if some of Smith\u2019s sermonising agendas lack cohesion entering the final third of the piece. In fact there are three tonal shifts that don\u2019t make an altogether appetising whole, Smith straining to bridge the gap between satire and horror \u2013 cum \u2013 thriller. And sadly the climax to all the damaged threads is very anti-climatic. On the major plus side is a cast doing fine work, headed by Goodman, Leo and Parks, the latter getting to play lead dog for a change. It\u2019s impressively shot by Dave Klein and Smith shows flickers of there being a good director in the mix. \r\n\r\nPoor box office and bad reviews upon release inevitably got it tarnished as a bad film. In truth it\u2019s a fascinating failure, but it has merits enough to warrant time spent with it. From Westboro to Waco, stopping briefly for a night in a Hostel, Red State is not easily forgotten once sampled. For better or worse. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [246403, 2293, 25983, 74725], "youtube_key": "uJ1v6oFHefc"}