{"tmdb_id": 487635, "title": "Laugh or Die", "original_title": "Suomen hauskin mies", "slug_title": "laugh-or-die", "date": "2018-03-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Parikka, the actor once called the Funniest Man in Finland, and his troupe are about to be executed for the atrocities committed during the Civil War in Finland. Jaeger Lieutenant Nyborg, an admirer of Parikka, suspects a definite miscarriage of justice. He wants to save the actors. The forthcoming visit of the German General von der Goltz to the prison island provides him with a suitable opportunity. Nyborg suggests that the actors prepare a comical performance for the visitor and not be shot. Instead, they will be given a new trial. Preparing a comedy in the horrible circumstances, in the midst of hunger and death, seems quite an overwhelming task. Only a handful of real actors are still alive, the rest of the troupe consists of stagehands. Parikka has to use all his inventive skills to be able to produce something funny.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7L0QhTjs5dmOxbPUt5GCsrn0OF1.jpg", "actors": ["Martti Suosalo (Toivo Parikka)", "Tommi Eronen (Elo)", "Vesa Vierikko (Johansson)", "Leena P\u00f6ysti (Helen Kalm)", "Jani Volanen (Hjalmar Kalm)", "R\u00fcdiger Klink (Von Der Goltz)", "Jussi Nikkil\u00e4 (Aulis)", "Paavo Kinnunen (Alfred Nyborg)", "Panu Vauhkonen (Rautio)", "Anton Kettunen (German soldier)", "Marko Pesonen (Prisoner cook)", "Paleface (\u00c4im\u00e4l\u00e4)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "5rSkgOtoAjw"}