{"tmdb_id": 487702, "title": "F*&% the Prom", "original_title": "F*&% the Prom", "slug_title": "f-the-prom", "date": "2017-12-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Maddy and Cole were inseparable friends until high school started and Maddy became the most popular girl on campus. When she starts feeling lonely and heartbroken, she reconnects with Cole and the duo conspire to destroy the ultimate teen popularity contest", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1vh1i0JwSeKs5sD8jamH4dvTmVX.jpg", "actors": ["Danielle Campbell (Maddy)", "Joel Courtney (Cole)", "Meg DeLacy (City)", "Madelaine Petsch (Marissa)", "Michael Chey (Sweats)", "Cameron Palatas (Kane)", "Luke Bilyk (TJ)", "Aidan Alexander (Nick)", "Ian Ziering (Ken)", "Nicholle Tom (Principal Statszill)", "Cheri Oteri (Christine)", "Richard Karn (Murphy)", "Diamond White (Rayna)", "Edward Zo (Yang)", "Lilly Singh (Teacher)", "Marnie Alexenburg (Teacher)", "Mika Cigic (Young Christine)", "Logan Shroyer (Teenage Ken)", "Jill Cimorelli (Abbey / Tig)", "Adan Allende (Emile / Mutey)", "Mike Gray (James)", "Corey Allen Kotler (Uncle Moish)", "Jeannie Elise Mai (Anna)", "Eric Beckerman (Achiva)", "Alexa Speyer (Alexa)", "Spencer Watson (Jock Bully #1)", "Michael Davis McLean (Young Murphy)", "Michele B. McGraw (Prom Attendee (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Campy teen flick not as bad as detractors say\r\n\t\r\nRELEASED IN 2017 and directed by Benny Fine, \"F the Prom\u201d is a campy high school dramedy about two inseparable neighbor-friends, Cole (Joel Courtney) and Maddy (Danielle Campbell), who separate when they enter high school wherein Cole is relentlessly teased while Maddy becomes the most popular girl. When they reunite two and a half years later, they scheme to destroy the Prom (the ultimate teen popularity contest) teamed with a ragtag gang of outcasts.\r\n\r\nThere are a lot of 1 Star votes (out of 10) of this movie on IMDb, which is absurd. While this may be a low-budget teen flick, it\u2019s not THAT bad. Many of these critics lament how unrealistic the movie is, which is ridiculous in light of its campy tone. It would be like criticizing the 60\u2019s Batman TV show for being unrealistic. In other words, there\u2019s a lot of silliness and exaggerations in \u201cF the Prom,\u201d but it\u2019s intentional. Underneath it all, the movie reflects several real-life issues, mostly pertaining to popularity and the drive to be liked. Others argue that the point is elusive and characters contradict themselves. No, the point(s) are obvious and some characters change their minds because they\u2019re fickle teens.\r\n\r\nThis is a solid low-budget high school flick, but it\u2019s a little too talky for my tastes. And I guess the staple \u201cgay\u201d character is here to stay at this juncture, but the movie wins points for boldly illustrating that even gays have their cliques and shun those who don\u2019t conform.\r\n\r\nCampbell and Madelaine Petsch are solid on the female front, but the director could\u2019ve showcased their beauty better (and I\u2019m not talking about nudity). Meg DeLacy is intelligent & winsome as Stuft (aka City) and has a beautiful face, but needs to gain some curves.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in Southern Cal. WRITERS: The Fine Brothers and Molly Prather.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [416494, 457262, 551554, 454983], "youtube_key": "CLWrLZMyzhU"}