{"tmdb_id": 488382, "title": "Une m\u00e8re malveillante", "original_title": "Mom Wars", "slug_title": "une-mere-malveillante", "date": "2017-10-08", "genre": "Thriller / Drame", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Mandy Wallace accompagne sa fille, Riley, dans son nouveau lyc\u00e9e o\u00f9 elle est accueillie par Olivia Peterson, m\u00e8re de Chelsea et pr\u00e9sidente du comit\u00e9 de parents d'\u00e9l\u00e8ves. Leurs filles respectives ayant pour point commun la gymnastique, elles deviennent amies et les deux m\u00e8res se lient \u00e9galement. Olivia prend Mandy sous son aile et l'introduit au club priv\u00e9 de la ville. Mais Mandy, qui reprend go\u00fbt \u00e0 la vie apr\u00e8s un divorce difficile, d\u00e9chante vite et d\u00e9couvre qu'elle est manipul\u00e9e", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p2lTy74hH0v6mSP6SZz5KrIOXxh.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Atherton (Beau)", "Jessica Blackmore (Mandy)", "David Clyde Carr (Leonard Harbinger)", "Joy Darash (Colleen)", "Jeff Delaney (Jim)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Svumpukkel85", "content": "Surprisingly interesting drama about adult bullying 6/10!\r\n\r\nThe drama is about bullying between moms in a small community. Well, some people thrives on drama, even mommies. It is a shame that the movie is a bit soapy, pink and Lifetimemovie-like, no one is ugly, and the villains are reeeally evil and the goodies are really sweet and naive. This story could be used in a more dark and realistic drama for the big screen. Nevertheless, the story and subject is interesting and kudos for using non-anorexic  gymnastics teens in this! Yay for real bodies!\r\n\r\nBullying is a subject, not being discussed a lot about when you are an adult. But for many, both in private and in work, bullies can gain a lot of power, when no one stand up to them. It is a big problem in society!\r\n\r\nEnjoy and cheerios!"}], "recommandations_id": []}