{"tmdb_id": 48838, "title": "London Boulevard", "original_title": "London Boulevard", "slug_title": "london-boulevard", "date": "2010-11-10", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors que Mitchel sort de prison plein de bonnes intentions, il tombe sur son vieil ami Billy, petit voyou \u00e0 la recherche d\u2019un complice, qu\u2019il accepte d\u2019aider en \u00e9change d\u2019un toit. Incapable de rompre avec son pass\u00e9, il fait la connaissance de Charlotte, une star de cin\u00e9ma terr\u00e9e dans un luxueux h\u00f4tel particulier pour \u00e9chapper aux hordes de paparazzi. Sensible \u00e0 la vuln\u00e9rabilit\u00e9 de la s\u00e9duisante jeune femme, Mitchel devient rapidement son garde personnel.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rBkJpTc4boVl5sT59nEbtub5cJ3.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Farrell (Harry Mitchel)", "Keira Knightley (Charlotte)", "David Thewlis (Jordan)", "Anna Friel (Briony Mitchel)", "Ben Chaplin (Billy Norton)", "Ray Winstone (Gant)", "Eddie Marsan (DI Bailey)", "Sanjeev Bhaskar (Dr. Raju)", "Stephen Graham (Danny)", "Ophelia Lovibond (Penny)", "Jamie Campbell Bower (White Boy)", "Matt King (Fletcher)", "Donald Sumpter (Pentonville Governor)", "Velibor Topic (Storbor)", "Lee Boardman (Lee)", "Andrew Havill (Unlikely Vagrant (uncredited))", "Jonny Coyne (Heavy One)", "Alan Williams (Joe)", "Nick Bartlett (Beaumont)", "Tony Way (Lone Paparazzo)", "Daniel Ryan (Bank Manager (uncredited))", "Gregory Foreman (Kid with Footballer)", "Katrina Durden (Girl in pub)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I will hurt someone before they hurt me.\r\n\r\nLondon Boulevard is written and directed by William Monahan. It stars Colin Farrell, David Thewlis, Ray Winstone, Ben Chaplin, Keira Knightley and Anna Friel. Music is by Sergio Pizzorno and cinematography by Chris Menges.\r\n\r\nAfter serving his stretch for GBH, Harry Mitchel (Farrell) returns to his manor and finds gangland boss Rob Gant (Winstone) wants him as one of his charges.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by the man who co-wrote The Departed, it's not hard to guess what sort of tone London Boulevard is set at. Which for anyone who follows neo-noir will find plenty to like here, not least the stylish and tonally compliant photography of Menges.\r\n\r\nHowever, falling under the neo-noir banner becomes a curse in a way because there are far greater films of this ilk to liken it too. Pic at least does have the courage to not cop out in resolutions, but again there is no surprise factor for the genre faithfuls.\r\n\r\nThe narrative often meanders, shoehorning in Knightley's (underused) harassed actress as a love interest in the process, and London accents are choppy. It also is criminal to have Stephen Graham and Eddie Marsan in your movie and barely give them screen time!\r\n\r\nOn the plus side of things, the violence and dialogue is often taut and tart respectively, backed by a scorching rocky hipster soundtrack. Farrell is good value as a tough guy, Winstone does what he does best, menacing of course, while Thewlis steals the film as a wired cool cat with menace surprisingly lurking in is heart.\r\n\r\nAs a whole it fails to hit all the right spots, but enough in here for neo-noir fans to feed on as an appetiser to a more fulfilling noir meal. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [48289, 55846, 38363, 27579]}