{"tmdb_id": 4883, "title": "Dix petits n\u00e8gres", "original_title": "And then there were none", "slug_title": "dix-petits-negres", "date": "1974-09-24", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Dix personnes de tous bords sont r\u00e9unies dans un palais du sud de l'Iran \u00e0 l'invitation d'un myst\u00e9rieux Owen, que personne n'a jamais vu. Le premier soir, alors que le chanteur Michel Raven interpr\u00e8te son r\u00e9cent succ\u00e8s, une voix r\u00e9sonne soudain, accusant chacun des convives d'un meurtre rest\u00e9 impuni et qu'elle jure de venger. C'est alors que Raven s'\u00e9croule, empoisonn\u00e9. Owen se trouve parmi les h\u00f4tes restants...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A4l2beSnBorZsRQOBF15ex41UE9.jpg", "actors": ["Oliver Reed (Hugh Lombard)", "Elke Sommer (Vera Clyde)", "Richard Attenborough (Judge Arthur Cannon)", "Charles Aznavour (Michel Raven)", "Herbert Lom (Dr. Edward Armstrong)", "St\u00e9phane Audran (Ilona Morgan)", "Gert Fr\u00f6be (Wilhelm Blore)", "Adolfo Celi (General Andr\u00e9 Salv\u00e9)", "Alberto de Mendoza (Otto Martino)", "Maria Rohm (Elsa Martino)", "Orson Welles (Voice on Tape)", "Naser Malek Motiee (Inspector)", "Rik Battaglia (Rick Battaglia)", "Teresa Gimpera (Maria)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And then they were gone \u2013 again!\r\n\r\nTen Little Indians (AKA: And Then There Were None) is directed by Peter Collinson and adapted to screenplay by Peter Wellbeck (AKA: Harry Alan Towers) from the Agatha Christie novel. It stars Charles Aznavour, Stephane Audran, Elke Sommer, Gert Frobe, Herbert Lom, Oliver Reed and Richard Attenborough. Music is by Bruno Nicolai and cinematography by Fernando Arribas.\r\n\r\nAgatha Christie\u2019s famous novel gets another make-over, this time the action is located at a near empty hotel in the Iranian desert. Premise is exactly the same as the 1965 version, 10 people gather at the location on the request of the mysterious U.N. Owen (here voiced by Orson Welles), who via a tape recorded message calls them out for dastardly deeds committed in their respective lives. When they start being killed off one by one it becomes apparent that the price they have to pay for said crimes is death. But who is doing the killing?\r\n\r\nWell it\u2019s the first version in colour and it has what can only be described as a pretty formidable cast, yet it\u2019s as bland as bland can be. Especially if you have seen the superior 45 and 65 versions. The murders lack vitality, the cast go through the motions, seemingly just happy to be on location in Iran, while suspense is in very short supply. The only mystery is who is doing the killings? And once revealed at pic\u2019s finale it just isn\u2019t enough to warrant having sat through over an hour and half of mundane scripting and zero chills. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [47149, 30644, 27280, 48280]}