{"tmdb_id": 48834, "title": "Liam", "original_title": "Liam", "slug_title": "liam", "date": "2000-09-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "A morality tale of xenophobia, religious prejudice, mob violence, poverty, and their effect on two children in Liverpool during the Depression. When a shipyard closes, Liam and Teresa's dad loses his job. Liam, who's about 8, making his first Holy Communion, gets a regular dose of fire and brimstone at church. Teresa, about 13, has a job as a maid to the Jewish family that owns the closed shipyard. The lady of that house is having an affair, and Teresa becomes an accomplice. Liam stutters terribly, especially when troubled. Dad comes under the sway of the Fascists, who blame cheap Irish labor and Jewish owners. A Molotov cocktail brings things to a head.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kith4VihfjgJXfFI40hobWkWEGw.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Hart (Dad)", "Claire Hackett (Mum)", "Anthony Borrows (Liam)", "David Hart (Con)", "Megan Burns (Teresa)", "Anne Reid (Mrs. Abernathy)", "Russell Dixon (Father Ryan)", "Jane Gurnett (Mrs Samuels)", "Gema Loveday (Jane Samuels)", "Julia Deakin (Aggie)", "Andrew Schofield (Tom)", "Martin Hancock (David)", "David Knopov (Mr Samuels)", "Arnold Brown (Pawnbroker)", "James Foy (Lofty)", "Bernadette Shortt (Lizzie)", "David Carey (Lizzie's Husband)", "Sylvia Gatril (Nunney)", "Chris Darwin (Nunney's Husband)", "Stephen Walters (Black shirt)", "Sean McKee (Little Micky)", "Sean Styles (Big Micky)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [53741, 83732, 100017, 57022], "youtube_key": "v2xN_6VOMNA"}