{"tmdb_id": 489221, "title": "Both", "original_title": "Both", "slug_title": "both", "date": "2005-03-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Rebeca Duarte is a strong woman and resolute bisexual. Drawn to the risk and adrenaline-rush that her job provides, outsiders think Rebeca must have it all together. But Rebeca is still looking for something more. When she receives an unexpected package from an aunt, Rebeca\u2019s neatly wrapped life begins to unravel. The package contains a photo album of her family in Peru, including pictures of her brother, who died before Rebeca could know him. The photos set off memories that cannot be silenced. As she follows the leads, Rebeca learns a truth about herself that shakes her to the core: the brother she was always told about was, in fact, herself. Rebeca learns of her childhood diagnosis as a hermaphrodite and the ensuing surgery that turned her \u201cofficially\u201d into a girl. A compelling and skillful telling of a necessary story, BOTH is based on the experiences of the filmmaker as well as those of many other intersex adults.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jMLB09SPizCcDAH64o49ydG7NnB.jpg", "actors": ["Fabrizio Aguilar (Roberto)", "Ximena Ameri (Roberto's wife)", "Pablo Barcellos (Pedrito)", "J.D. Brumback (Rogelio (mechanic))", "Yvonne Frayssinet (Gloria (mother))", "Richard Goodman (Dr. Silver)", "Carol Hyman (Dr. Silver's secretary)", "Mike Martinez (Bob)", "Brazil Moorehouse (Morgan)", "Jackie Parker (Rebeca)", "Nicole Wilder (Kara (actress))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}