{"tmdb_id": 49001, "title": "L'Autre monde", "original_title": "L'Autre monde", "slug_title": "l-autre-monde", "date": "2010-07-14", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "C\u2019est l\u2019\u00e9t\u00e9 dans le Sud de la France. Gaspard est un adolescent heureux qui partage son tempsentre ses amis et sa copine, Marion. Mais Gaspard va rencontrer Audrey et sa vie va basculer. Car Audrey est belle, sombre et double. Sur un jeu en r\u00e9seau elle se fait appeler Sam et cherche un partenaire pour mourir. Pour tenter de l\u2019approcher Gaspard se cr\u00e9e lui aussi un avatar, Gordon, et part la retrouver dans Black Hole.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7XTFuAhaVBdKcYpxKWoz2OkEiEU.jpg", "actors": ["Gr\u00e9goire Leprince-Ringuet (Gaspard)", "Melvil Poupaud (Vincent)", "Pauline \u00c9tienne (Marion)", "Louise Bourgoin (Audrey)", "Pierre Niney (Yann)", "Ali Marhyar (Ludo)", "Swann Arlaud (Dragon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "A young couple, Gaspard (Gr\u00e9goire Leprince-Ringuet) and Marion (Pauline Etienne) are enjoying summer in the idyllic South of France when, by chance, they find a mobile phone. Their curiosity is piqued by the mysterious tone of the messages on the phone \u2013 as well as by photographs of a beautiful woman stored on it \u2013 so they decide to go along to the meeting-place of a church suggested by \u2018Dragon\u2019 (Swann Arlaud) to \u2018Sam\u2019 (Louise Bourgoin). Having got a glimpse of the couple, they decide that following them further would be an interesting afternoon\u2019s diversion.\r\nThis doesn\u2019t prove as easy or as enjoyable as they anticipate: things turn sinister as, when they catch up with the couple, they find them attempting to commit suicide in their car. They manage to get into the vehicle to save the girl but it\u2019s too late for her partner and, disturbingly, Marion swears that she saw someone watching this scene unfold from the nearby woods. As shaken as they both are by these events, Gaspard\u2019s curiosity hasn\u2019t been abated; he cannot resist stealing a camera evidently rigged up to film the suicide attempt, and watches it when he finds himself alone \u2013 though he doesn\u2019t get the references to the \u2018Black Beach\u2019 mentioned by the couple, nor does he know why Dragon and Sam would (with such sentimental aplomb) record their deaths.\r\nLife for Marion and Gaspard proceeds as normal. However, when by chance Gaspard again encounters Sam \u2013 real name Audrey \u2013 whilst out scoring weed with his friends, he cannot resist telling her how he recognises her. They talk briefly, but in that time Gaspard is able to make sense of some of the information he saw in the texts. Some of the places described are to be found in an online game called Black Hole. His interest in the enigmatic Audrey leads him to enter to game to look for her alter-ego: however, in Black Hole the distance between self and avatar is complicated, and for a newbie like Gaspard this almost instantly poses problems\u2026\r\nThe press release accompanying Black Heaven describes the film as \u2018Tron meets Blue Velvet': well, thankfully there\u2019s very little of Tron here, but you can certainly pick up some Lynchian elements in the film\u2019s mysterious femme fatale, its incidental music and most of all the feeling that we, like at least one of the protagonists, don\u2019t have a grasp on what is going on, that there is a mystery to be solved. Internal states take precedence over action for much of the film and not simply because parts of the plot occur in a virtual environment; the focus is very much on what motivates our characters, particularly Gaspard, whose na\u00efvety leads him badly astray. Nothing is immutable though, and the audience isn\u2019t allowed to settle into any one mode of understanding. Gaspard starts out being called a \u2018kid\u2019 by others, yet the plot bestows him with a steep learning curve only to spit him back out as a \u2018kid\u2019 again. Audrey/Sam is also affected by this, apparently moving from victim to vamp and back (whilst giving the film\u2019s best performance, whether on screen or not, virtual or not.)\r\nAs for Black Hole itself, the world of the game looks impressive: whilst the South of France is warm, sunny and populated by the beautiful people, Black Hole is its opposite, always swathed in darkness and populated mainly by a fascinating array of grotesques. There\u2019s always a danger, though, that what looks cutting-edge now will look ridiculously outdated within a relatively short amount of time, and if the technology carries the plot rather than the other way around this effect nearly always feels worse. Black Heaven may be spared that fate: the idea of MMORPGs is of course a modern phenomenon, but after all the game is still just an arena to explore more timeless ideas such as selfhood, identity and obsession. I\u2019d actually have liked more of the film to take place in this virtual world, as I thought the interplay between avatar and self raised lots of intriguing points, but as it stands I hope Black Heaven will not lose its impact by virtue of its computer graphics. There\u2019s a lot more going on here, to the point that some more explication would not have gone amiss \u2013 just a little, because I appreciate that one of the strong points here is the gently-unsettling atmosphere. Another criticism would be that Leprince-Ringuet doesn\u2019t always communicate all the brooding emotions we know must be present in that head of his, and sometimes seems dwarfed by the strongly-delineated roles being played out around him.\r\nFor all that, I really liked Black Heaven; it\u2019s an innovative, stylish and languid film whilst its successful elements far outweigh the less-successful. Oh, and as a David Lynch fan I can\u2019t help but wonder if director/writer Gilles Marchand is too, not just because of the overall tone but for one scene in particular which reminded me very strongly of Mulholland Drive"}], "recommandations_id": [78293, 75733, 86096, 138587]}