{"tmdb_id": 49017, "title": "Dracula Untold", "original_title": "Dracula Untold", "slug_title": "dracula-untold", "date": "2014-10-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Action / Drame / Fantastique / Guerre"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Les origines du mythe sont r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9s dans ce film situ\u00e9 dans les ann\u00e9es de r\u00e8gne de Vlad Tepes, prince roumain qui a inspir\u00e9 la l\u00e9gende pour ses m\u00e9thodes propres \u00e0 provoquer la peur parmi son peuple et ses ennemis. Un m\u00e9lange de mythologie et d'histoire nous raconte la mani\u00e8re dont l'empereur sanguinaire est devenu le premier vampire de l'histoire. L'un des personnages les plus terribles et sadiques d'Europe qui a inspir\u00e9 le classique de la litt\u00e9rature de Bram Stoker m\u00e9langeant l'horreur, le surnaturelle et une touche d'amour.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4oy4e0DP6LRwRszfx8NY8EYBj8V.jpg", "actors": ["Luke Evans (Dracula / Vlad Tepes)", "Sarah Gadon (Mirena / Mina Murray)", "Dominic Cooper (Mehmed II)", "Art Parkinson (Ingeras)", "Charles Dance (Master Vampire)", "Diarmaid Murtagh (Dimitru)", "William Houston (Cazan)", "Noah Huntley (Captain Petru)", "Ronan Vibert (Simion)", "Zach McGowan (Shkelgim)", "Ferdinand Kingsley (Hamza Bey)", "Joseph Long (General Omer)", "Thor Kristjansson (Bright Eyes)", "Jakub Giersza\u0142 (Acemi)", "Dilan Gwyn (Governess)", "J.J. Murphy (The Village Elder)", "Paul Kaye (Brother Lucian)", "Louise Parker (Mirena's Handmaiden)", "Joana Metrass (Handmaiden (uncredited))", "Paul Bullion (Nicolae)", "Mish Boyko (Andrei)", "Arkie Reece (General Ismail)", "Tom Benedict Knight (Turkish General)", "Gordon Bell (Boyar Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "FX, Evans and Dance's performances are the only things to save in this movie.\r\n\r\nIf you think Dracula becoming a hero and a martyr is a good idea, you will like it. Otherwise, like in my case, you will think that it was the worst idea in quite some time.\r\n\r\nSo, Dracula is not the most evil creature in the world any more ... :("}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "That the so called \u201ccritics\u201d at Rotten Tomatoes screws this movie over is not really a surprise. Said \u201ccritics\u201d are usually out of sync with both my opinions and the opinions of most of the viewers which can be seen again from the fact that these people give this movie a 23% rating whereas the actual viewers give it a 60% rating. At lot of \u201cpurists\u201d also seem to take a disliking to this movie. Well, the movie is named Dracula Untold so it should be no surprise that the story would be a new one.\n\nPersonally I found this movie quite enjoyable. Yes it is not the original Dracula story but it is not straying too far from the basic origins and it is really a quite decent story unlike some of the disastrous Hollywood rewrites. The original story claims that Dracula became a vampire during his battles with the Turks and this movie picks up on that and tells the story of how that happened. Unlike most (all?) Dracula movies, Dracula is not really the bad guy but rather the inverse and the movie tells a story about sacrifices and Dracula\u2019s quest to keep some of his humanity, moral and sanity.\n\nIt would not be a Dracula movie without some blood flowing and this movie delivers without overdoing it. Actually the actual bloodsucking stuff is quite played down until the end of the movie. There are a fair amount of fights against the Turks (who are the real bad guys in this movie) though and blood as well as various body parts no longer attached to their proper places does float around quite a bit. The special effects are not forgotten and I quite liked the bat swarms that Dracula commanded during the final fights against the Turks.\n\nI found Luke Evans performance as the prince and unwilling Dracula to be quite good. The rest of the characters were also well played. I am sure that none of them will be nominated for Oscars due to their part in this movie but I have nothing negative to say about their performance.\n\nOn the whole I found this movie quite enjoyable and I definitely disagree with all the people blasting it. I did also quite like the last couple of scenes in modern time at the end which teased of a follow up movie. I would definitely like to see that happen."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Dracula: The dark Superman\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2014 and directed by Gary Shore, \"Dracula Untold\u201d tells the origin of Dracula: In the 15th century Prince Vlad the Impaler (Luke Evans) must protect his small kingdom of Wallachia (in modern-day Romania) from a Turk warlord (Dominic Cooper) who demands a thousand boys from Wallachia & Transylvania, including Vlad\u2019s son. Threatened by the unsurmountable Turk army, Vlad desperately makes a dubious pact with a formidable caged vampire in order to acquire its dark powers and save his family & kingdom. Sarah Gadon plays Vlad\u2019s winsome wife. \r\n\r\nThe producers flirted with the idea of \u201cDracula Untold\u201d being part of Universal\u2019s Dark Universe; and the epilogue of the movie, set in the modern world, suggests this, insinuating a franchise. This idea was dropped, however, and \u201cThe Mummy\u201d (2017) became the first official film in the Dark Universe. In any case, \u201cDracula Untold\u201d was fairly successful at the Box Office, making $56.3 million in North America and $217.1 million worldwide against a cost of $70 million.\r\n\r\nMy title blurb pretty much tells you all you need to know: \u201cDracula Untold\u201d is basically the dark Superman of 15th century Eastern Europe where Dracula wields the power to defeat a thousand-man army. If you like the great prologue to Coppola\u2019s \u201cBram Stoker\u2019s Dracula\u201d (1992), you\u2019ll probably like this movie, which gives several nods to that forerunner. \r\n\r\nThe film LOOKS awesome and has a fine cast. But unlike \u201cBram Stoker\u2019s Dracula,\u201d it\u2019s rapidly paced and doesn\u2019t leave much room to breathe; so the characterizations aren\u2019t quite deep enough. It\u2019s good, but somehow hollow and forgettable. \u201cBram Stoker\u2019s Dracula\u201d was perhaps a little too slow while \u201cDracula Untold\u201d is too hurried. I wish the creators found the happy medium between the two because, with just a little bit more time and attention to detail, it could\u2019ve been great.              \r\n                   \r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot entirely in Northern Ireland. WRITERS: Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless. \r\n \r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [184315, 68737, 147441, 98566], "youtube_key": "m6wXYp-AMgs"}