{"tmdb_id": 490228, "title": "We Always Find Ourselves in the Sea", "original_title": "We Always Find Ourselves in the Sea", "slug_title": "we-always-find-ourselves-in-the-sea", "date": "2017-12-14", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3sZ7e7AwbSCqDUnT91W4LWdmE4F.jpg", "actors": ["Billy Clarke (Patrick)", "Jamie Birkett (Nina)", "Nick Harwood (Site Manager)", "Belinda Kordic (Voice of the Sea)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "We Always Find Ourselves in the Sea is an atmospheric ghost story driven by its cinematography just as much as its characters.\r\n\r\nThe story is of an estranged father and daughter, separated by a divorce. The father has fallen apart and really needs someone to pull him out of the dark.\r\n\r\nThroughout the film, color is used very selectively. Almost everything is drab, dull tones, except for the stunning red which surrounds Nina, the daughter.\r\n\r\nAfter Christmas Dinner, Nina and Patrick, the father, go have a talk. She tells her father of a memory, one he claims not to remember, before she disappears.\r\n\r\nThe story hadn't been exactly happy, and shortly after, a woman in a mask begins to follow Patrick around. He attempts to drink away the memory, but that only induces a nightmare.\r\n\r\nThe nightmare turns dangerous, and the next day, the site manager finds Patrick strangled by seaweed.\r\n\r\nThis film is fantastic as a short. We don't know how or why Nina died, but we do know that she did not have a happy life with Patrick. It's implied that he drank to the point of forgetfulness and had more than your average temper. We know that Nina was seeking revenge.\r\n\r\nIn the end, the details of Nina's life after Patrick and even her death don't matter. Heck, her life before her parents split probably doesn't matter to the story much.\r\n\r\nWithout the uncessceary fluff, the filmmaker can spend more screen time on breathtaking cinematic shots, showing a world devoid of color, except for the color that surrounds Nina's coming and going. Every interaction between Nina and Patrick is also incredibly important to figuring out anything about either of them, especially with how few lines of dialogue fill the film."}], "recommandations_id": []}