{"tmdb_id": 490405, "title": "The Saint Bernard Syndicate", "original_title": "Sankt Bernhard Syndikatet", "slug_title": "the-saint-bernard-syndicate", "date": "2018-05-09", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The film is a comedy about Rasmus and Frederik, two Danish men in their 30s, who head out on a business venture. They know each other from a boarding school back in Denmark and none of them have really been successful in life so far. Now they meet, 15 years later, both keen to set up a dog breeding centre.  The two partners have learned that so-called luxury dogs are extremely popular among the Chinese upper class and therefore expect this to be their way into fast and overwhelming wealth in China. A 200 plus lb St. Bernard dog by the name of Dollar travels with them to Chongqing. Here they meet up with the mysterious Mr. Liu who owns the largest bakery in Western China and who believes that dogs are as powerful as humans. Soon, the dog business evolves in unexpected ways, while the friendship between the two Danes grows stronger.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aGPyyN7wankkqnCfOQ22IHOjvBH.jpg", "actors": ["Rasmus Bruun (Rasmus)", "Frederik Cilius J\u00f8rgensen (Frederik)", "Flemming S\u00f8rensen (Dad)", "Vibeke Manniche (Doctor)", "Mohamed Ali Osman (Mohamed)", "Jonas Bransholm (Customer)", "Odessa (Dollar)", "Boyang Li (Beyond)", "Tan Zheng (Jenny)", "Wang Jiafei (Jason)", "Liu Chonghua (Mr. Liu)", "Lee Liheng (Mr. Ling)", "Hongye Dai (Mr. Ling Assistant)", "Chen Xiang (Tea Master)", "Deng Zhong (CEO Arch Model Company)", "Wang Shi ()", "Tang Zhenquan ()", "Chen Yi ()", "Li Jian ()", "Yu Yu ()", "Lisa Li ()", "Yang Qianxi ()", "Chun Chan ()", "Wang Shihua ()", "Jing Peng ()", "Gao Pengju ()", "Leng Chunyan ()", "Wang Jingyu ()", "Yang Chenguang ()", "Xue Chenglei ()", "Qiu Yu ()", "Shao Qianying ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}