{"tmdb_id": 49047, "title": "Gravity", "original_title": "Gravity", "slug_title": "gravity", "date": "2013-10-03", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Pour sa premi\u00e8re exp\u00e9dition \u00e0 bord d'une navette spatiale, le docteur Ryan Stone, brillante experte en ing\u00e9nierie m\u00e9dicale, accompagne l'astronaute chevronn\u00e9 Matt Kowalsky qui effectue son dernier vol avant de prendre sa retraite. Mais alors qu'il s'agit apparemment d'une banale sortie dans l'espace, une catastrophe se produit. Lorsque la navette est pulv\u00e9ris\u00e9e, Stone et Kowalsky se retrouvent totalement seuls, livr\u00e9s \u00e0 eux-m\u00eames dans l'univers...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uPxtxhB2Fy9ihVqtBtNGHmknJqV.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Bullock (Dr. Ryan Stone)", "George Clooney (Lt. Matt Kowalski)", "Ed Harris (Mission Control (voice))", "Orto Ignatiussen (Aningaaq (voice))", "Phaldut Sharma (Shariff (voice))", "Amy Warren (Explorer Captain (voice))", "Basher Savage (Space Station Captain (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Great story, great cast and performances, great direction, FX, photography, care for the details, OST and editing.\r\n\r\nAlfonso Cuar\u00f3n is a real titan and Sandra Bullock goes for the Oscar.\r\n\r\nIt is not a 10 because at some point the chain of events goes further that it should."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "There is no doubt that this is a very pleasing movie from a purely visual point of view. This is probably a movie that would benefit from being watched in a good theater with its grandiose scenery.\n\nHowever, I have to say that I found the rest of the movie somewhat mediocre. The part that I felt dragged down the movie the most is that Dr. Ryan is behaving rather clumsily and amateurish first being real slow in obeying the order to evacuate and then floating around huffing and puffing, talking a lot when she should really conserve oxygen. Did they not give her the basic course before letting her up in space? I also found it soooo Hollywood that she was able to get onto the Chinese space station and seconds later it starts to descend into the atmosphere. In general I felt that the script writer was not really very technically knowledgeable.\n\nOverlooking these, unfortunately all too often occurring issues, the movie is fairly okay as a whole. Obviously I cannot agree with the glowing all-star ratings that some people have been giving it but it is far from the single star trashing that other people have been giving it. Technically it was very good with nice special effects. Bullock performed as well as can be expected with the script she was given. Clooney felt a bit out-of-place as a skilled astronaut to me but then he was not really in the movie that much.\n\nTo me it was a fairly enjoyable popcorn movie."}], "recommandations_id": [68724, 109424, 17654, 137113], "youtube_key": "OiTiKOy59o4"}