{"tmdb_id": 490830, "title": "Pigs vs. Freaks", "original_title": "Pigs vs. Freaks", "slug_title": "pigs-vs-freaks", "date": "1984-06-07", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In a small town, the hippie faction often clashes with the mainstream. To settle their differences, the hippie \"freaks\" take on the town police \"pigs\" in a football game. On opposing sides of the fence are Frank, the police sergeant, and his son Neal. Also at odds are Neal and one time friend Doug, a returned Vietnam Vet who has joined the police force, who is also protective of his younger sister who prefers the hippie element. To make things even more intense, Mickey South, who has fled to Canada to avoid the war, returns to play for the Freaks football team. Tensions mount and all are challenged as the climax of the film approaches.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/641CiF7fArACrkZo9LDCfam2RqU.jpg", "actors": ["Eugene Roche (Police Chief Frank Brockmeyer)", "Grant Goodeve (Neal Brockmeyer)", "Adam Baldwin (Mickey South)", "Penny Peyser (Janice Zimmer)", "Brian Dennehy (Sergeant Cheever)", "Stephen Furst (Steamboat)", "Gloria DeHaven (Maureen Brockmeyer)", "Patrick Swayze (Doug Zimmer)", "William Windom (Mayor Malcolm Wallwood)", "Tony Randall (Rambaba Organimus)", "Elisha Cook Jr. (Novatney)", "Tom Harmon (Game Announcer)", "Joe Kapp (Pete Bose)", "Pat Studstill (Mad Dog Osloff)", "Graham Jarvis (Commander Oliver Krebs)", "Brad Wilkin (Ben Grimaldi)", "J.D. Hall (Riley Webster)", "Jim Greenleaf (Blatz)", "Lanny Horn (Morton)", "Jack Eiseman (Cochran)", "Curt Hanson (FBI Agent #1)", "Vern Taylor (Pop)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}