{"tmdb_id": 4909, "title": "Chacal", "original_title": "The Day of the Jackal", "slug_title": "chacal", "date": "1973-05-15", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1963, trois dirigeants de l'OAS engagent un tueur professionnel pour assassiner le G\u00e9n\u00e9ral de Gaulle. Sans identit\u00e9, sans visage, son nom de code est Chacal et ses services valent un demi million de dollars ! Pour collecter les fonds, l'OAS commet une s\u00e9rie de hold-up qui \u00e9veille l'attention de la police fran\u00e7aise. Tandis que le Chacal organise avec m\u00e9thode et dans le moindre d\u00e9tail son meurtre, la police tente de le prendre de vitesse.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lsu99G9rqGmZUhrN2DIN18pKVyZ.jpg", "actors": ["Edward Fox (the Jackal)", "Michael Lonsdale (Lebel)", "Olga Georges-Picot (Denise)", "Delphine Seyrig (Colette)", "Eric Porter (Colonel Rodin)", "Michel Auclair (Colonel Rolland)", "Anton Rodgers (Jules Bernard)", "Raymond G\u00e9r\u00f4me (Flavigny)", "Derek Jacobi (Caron)", "Jean Sorel (Bastien-Thiry)", "Barrie Ingham (St. Clair)", "Ronald Pickup (The Forger)", "Terence Alexander (Lloyd)", "Tony Britton (Inspecteur Thomas)", "Philippe L\u00e9otard (Gendarme)", "Alan Badel (Ministre)", "Denis Carey (Casson)", "Cyril Cusack (Gunsmith)", "Maurice Denham (General Colbert)", "Jacques Fran\u00e7ois (Pascal)", "Jean Martin (Wolenski)", "Donald Sinden (Mallison)", "G\u00e9rard Buhr ()", "F\u00e9odor Atkine ()", "Andr\u00e9a Ferr\u00e9ol ()", "Bernard Archard ()", "David Swift ()", "Timothy West ()", "Van Doude ()", "Nicolas Vogel ()", "Adrien Cayla-Legrand (Charles de Gaulle)", "Nicole Desailly (Yvonne de Gaulle)", "Edward Hardwicke (Charles Calthrop (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Chacal.\r\n\r\nThe Day of the Jackal is directed by Fred Zinnerman and adapted to screenplay by Kenneth Ross from the novel of the same name written by Frederick Forsyth. It stars Edward Fox, Michael Lonsdale, Terence Alexander, Michel Auclair, Alan Badel, Tony Britton and Denis Carey. Music is by Georges Delerue and cinematography by Jean Tournier.\r\n\r\nAs the French political climate reaches boiling point over the Algeria situation, underground organisation the OAS plot to have President Charles de Gaulle assassinated. When an attempt fails the OAS members not caught are exiled in Vienna and decide that bringing in an outsider to kill the President is the best way forward now. That outsider is an Englishman, code name The Jackal, a methodically cunning and deadly assassin\u2026\r\n\r\nWonderful, the kind of character driven thriller that has become in short supply over the decades. It\u2019s all so simple, even sedate, yet this calm approach serves the plotting perfectly. After the initial set ups we follow The Jackal (a super icy turn by Fox) on his mission to kill General de Gaul. His planning, the people he meets, the people he has to kill to stay one step ahead of the authorities. From cons to weapon smuggling, to disguises and sexual encounters, it\u2019s thoroughly compelling from Jackal\u2019s story arc alone, but the frequent shifts to the hunt for him by a whole ream of suits and detectives is also fascinating viewing.\r\n\r\nBacking Fox up is a raft quality performers, a cast very much in tune with the material to hand. Delure\u2019s musical composition is purposely of the minimalist breed, Tournier\u2019s photography is period compliant and smooth, while Ralph Kemplen\u2019s excellent editing was rightly nominated for an Academy Award. Zinnerman does sterling work from the director\u2019s chair, amazingly keeping a two and half hour movie free of extraneous scenes or pointless exposition. Everything is relative, it really is a film to stay focussed with, to give it respect by giving it your undivided attention. So go the bathroom before sitting down to view this truly great and smart thriller. 9/10 "}], "recommandations_id": [983, 11509, 5916, 21489], "youtube_key": "lQdYPtm2u2k"}