{"tmdb_id": 4910, "title": "La seconde mort d'Harold Pelham", "original_title": "The Man Who Haunted Himself", "slug_title": "la-seconde-mort-d-harold-pelham", "date": "1970-07-18", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Harold Pelham est le directeur d'une industrie de technologie maritime. Sa vie va changer lorsqu'il survit miraculeusement \u00e0 un accident de la route. Il se rend compte que son entourage lui pr\u00eate des actions qu'il ne souvient pas d'avoir accompli, qu'on l'a vu dans des lieux dans lesquels il ne se rappelle pas avoir mis les pieds. S'ensuit une v\u00e9ritable psychose pour cet homme qui en vient \u00e0 se persuader d'avoir un double mal\u00e9fique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2xhsEd05QJ6UKMwNzBdNnyRgJYk.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Moore (Harold Pelham)", "Anton Rodgers (Tony Alexander)", "Olga Georges-Picot (Julia Anderson)", "Freddie Jones (Dr. Harris)", "Alastair Mackenzie (Michael Pelham)", "Hugh Mackenzie (James Pelham)", "Kevork Malikyan (Luigi)", "Thorley Walters (Frank Bellamy)", "Ruth Trouncer (Miss Bird)", "Hildegard Neil (Eve Pelham)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Pelham Paranoia.\r\n\r\nWith its 1970s chic cheese and swagger and Roger Moore's excellent performance, The Man Who Haunted Himself has a considerable cult fan base. Directed by British legend Basil Dearden, plot finds Moore as Harold Pelham, who after being involved in a serious car accident, comes around from the trauma to find that his life is being turned upside down. It seems that somebody is impersonating him, people he knows swear he was in places he hasn't been, that he has been making decisions at work that he knows nothing about, and that he has a sexy mistress that threatens to destroy his marriage. Is he going mad? A victim of a collective practical joke? Or is there really something more sinister going on?\r\n\r\nDon't be a slave to convention!\r\n\r\nSo yeah! A cult gem waiting to be rediscovered is The Man Who Haunted Himself, it has a plot that positively bristles with intrigue. As the doppleganger motif is tightly wound by Dearden, who smartly sticks to understated scene constructions as opposed to supernatural excess, there's a realistic and human feel to the story. The makers are not going for jolt shocks, but taking a considered approach that has the pertinent mystery elements lurking in the background, waiting for their chance to reveal themselves for the utterly thrilling finale. A finale that is bold and special, obvious but not, and definitely tinged with cunning ambiguity.\r\n\r\nWith Moore drawing on talent from his acting pool that many thought he didn't have (two different characterisations smartly realised here), and Dearden pulling the technical strings (love those off-kilter angles and multi mirrored images), this is a film that has surprises in store all across the board. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [44698, 114201, 265393, 12774], "youtube_key": "qFxVWaDdNII"}