{"tmdb_id": 491273, "title": "Aponi", "original_title": "Aponi", "slug_title": "aponi", "date": "2016-10-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A loving family, a successful career, finding true love. The things we all strive for in life. Many find their paths to be easy and straightforward \u2013 others are like metal to magnets, being pulled in directions with no control of their own. This is the story of Jack Hipp; a successful veteran police detective whose life always seemed to work out well enough. Yet he was always searching for more \u2013 whatever it might take to make his time on earth meaningful. And like most, he hoped to find true love and happiness in his life journey. A well rounded man, Jack moved up in the ranks in his career, had been a role model to kids, treated his family with respect and love. It was quite by accident that he found himself falling for a beautiful, up and coming criminal defense lawyer, Aponi Rhodes, who was almost twenty years his junior. Ironically, she was also on the prosecuting end of a case being built against his former police partner, Mike Deluca. Could their differences stack the cards \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iuXa2J3BgRSOLXhj2WxFmWuCoHF.jpg", "actors": ["Azumi Tsutsui (Student/Nurse)", "John Bernard Richardson (Mike Deluca)", "Brian S. Carpenter (Jack Hipp)", "Gregory Cole (Joseph Fairmont)", "Shanna Bess (Michelle)", "Regine Mont-Louis (Aponi Rhodes)", "Lis Locascio (Student/Nurse)", "Helen Stevens (Allyson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}