{"tmdb_id": 491481, "title": "The Private Police", "original_title": "\u7d44\u7e54\u66b4\u529b\u3000\u5144\u5f1f\u76c3", "slug_title": "the-private-police", "date": "1969-09-06", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "After the war, Kijima (Bunta Sugawara) returns to Tokyo where he meets \u00d4ba (Noboru And\u00f4), an Ex-Kamikaze pilot, and the two ruffians gather hooligans to join their group. In Ginza, the Togawa gang have taken over Sakurada's territory. After several fights Kijima and \u00d4ba gain control of the territory by chasing out the notorious Togawa Group in the name of Sakurada. But Kijima is arrested for assaulting an American soldier. A few years pass. Kijima has served his prison term and the sears of war have been erased from Ginza. \u00d4ba is now president of a company specializing in collection of bad debts, cheque frauds and everything that means money. People call their organization the \u201cPrivate Police,\u201d and Kijima begins to work for \u00d4ba. Now the Takegami gang waits a chance to seize the Ginza territory.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yOqQ6apKHdye3fgIzYDBHGAYNsc.jpg", "actors": ["Noboru And\u00f4 ()", "Bunta Sugawara ()", "Ky\u00f4suke Machida ()", "Hitomi Nozoe ()", "Shingo Yamashiro ()", "Asao Uchida ()", "H\u00f4sei Komatsu ()", "Kei Taguchi ()", "Masuyo Iwamoto ()", "Hideo Murota ()", "Tatsuo Terashima ()", "Hiroshi Nawa ()", "Fumio Watanabe ()", "Kanj\u00fbr\u00f4 Arashi ()", "Tetsur\u014d Tamba ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}