{"tmdb_id": 491418, "title": "Apprentis parents", "original_title": "Instant Family", "slug_title": "apprentis-parents", "date": "2018-11-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Pete et Ellie veulent devenir une famille. En adoptant trois fr\u00e8res et s\u0153urs, dont une adolescente rebelle de 15 ans, Pete et Ellie r\u00e9alisent tr\u00e8s vite qu\u2019ils n\u2019\u00e9taient pas pr\u00e9par\u00e9s \u00e0 devenir parents du jour au lendemain ! Leur parentalit\u00e9 \u00ab instantan\u00e9e \u00bb va les placer dans des situations inattendues, \u00e9mouvantes et souvent hilarantes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sABPzAXJI6tAasMLNAaiDy6z67l.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Wahlberg (Pete Wagner)", "Rose Byrne (Ellie Wagner)", "Isabela Moner (Lizzy)", "Margo Martindale (Sandy  Wagner)", "Julie Hagerty (Jan)", "Tig Notaro (Sharon)", "Octavia Spencer (Karen)", "Gustavo Quiroz Jr. (Juan)", "Julianna Gamiz (Lita)", "Allyn Rachel (Kim)", "Tom Segura (Russ)", "Michael O'Keefe (Jerry)", "Britt Rentschler (Linda)", "Jody Thompson (Jim)", "Iliza Shlesinger (October)", "Gary Weeks (Dirk)", "Joy Jacobson (Dana)", "Hampton Fluker (Kit)", "Randy Havens (Michael)", "Andrea Anders (Jessie)", "Kenneth Israel (David)", "Joan Cusack (Mrs. Howard)", "Valente Rodriguez (Judge Rivas)", "Carson Holmes (Charlie)", "Connor Jones (Young Pete)", "Jaiden Byrd (Young Brian)", "James Arthur Sims (Brian's Dad)", "Rosemary Dominguez (Mrs. Fernandez)", "Javier Ronceros (Mr. Fern\u00e1ndez)", "Eve Harlow (Brenda Fernandez)", "Nicholas Logan (Jacob)", "Charlie McDermott (Stewart)", "Joselin Reyes (Carla)", "Erika Bierman (Kylie)", "Sarah Kirkpatrick (Kimberly)", "John McConnell (Mr. Muskie)", "Maureen Brennan (Mrs. Muskie)", "Kelly Tippens (Miss Peppers)", "Layla Felder (Savannah)", "Allen Zwolle (Principal)", "Stella Doyle (Ms. Franks)", "Andrene Ward-Hammond (Sue)", "Denitra Isler (Bailiff)", "Remy Ortiz (Random Dad)", "William J. Simmons (Lita's Classmate)", "Maria Wilson (Social Worker (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "trineo03", "content": "First of all, the acting in this film just perfect. In every scene, you can see and tell that all the actors and actresses were giving it their one hundred and ten percent. Mark Wahlberg and Rose Byrne played compelling characters that seemed like real people. I think any parent will be able to relate to them in one way or another. The kid actors did great, especially Isabela Moner who plays Lizzy. Just like how Mark and Rose played characters parents can relate to Isabela played a character that a majority of teens can relate to. I know I could easily relate to her. The pacing in the film was surprisingly great. I thought for a film like this they would want to rush some scenes but no. All the scenes seemed to have the perfect pacing in them and only a few of them were cut a bit too short but that didn\u2019t bother me too much. The humour in this film was placed in the right places and didn\u2019t seem forced. This film will take you on an emotional rollercoaster. At some parts, you\u2019ll be happy and laughing while in others trying to hold back tears. I also really enjoyed how the film felt like you were a fly on the wall during all the scenes. I think my only big problem with this film is when they tried to throw more conflict into the film. I won\u2019t say what they did but it was unnecessary and could have just been cut out of the film altogether. Also, the few scenes that should have been longer but weren\u2019t also kind of bugged me but didn\u2019t ruin my enjoyment of the film. In the end, this film is an excellent film for the whole family to go and see. I give Instant Family a 9.5/10."}], "recommandations_id": [503616, 484247, 404368, 455207]}