{"tmdb_id": 491838, "title": "Losing Our Religion", "original_title": "Losing Our Religion", "slug_title": "losing-our-religion", "date": "2017-10-06", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Brendan is a pastor in a small, evangelical church, and he has a secret. He doesn't believe in God anymore. His wife is still a true believer - and she just told the wrong person. Losing Our Religion is a feature length documentary about preachers who are not believers, and what atheists do when they miss church. Allowed access to the 600 members of The Clergy Project - a safe haven for preachers from all faiths who no longer believe - the documentary follows ex-members and clergy who are still undercover. They are not just losing their religion, for many they are losing their friends, community and even family. As well as their job. As events unfold that change lives forever, their stories also connect with secular communities that are growing in surprising places. New groups are experimenting in ways to have church without god, and asking the same question as unbelieving clergy - \"what's next?\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1WpJrabLyoxpapJogIKkSpw4qOC.jpg", "actors": ["Dan Barker (Himself)", "Richard Dawkins (Himself)", "Daniel C. Dennett (Himself)", "Brendan Murphy (Himself)", "Jenn Murphy (Herself)", "Garth Shostal (Stan)", "Birnie McIntosh (Phil)", "Jason Le Brun (Walking Man)", "Thea Hughes (Running Girl)", "Teagan Kaldor-Mair (Praying Girl)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "RuWRNT98iuY"}