{"tmdb_id": 4923, "title": "Zardoz", "original_title": "Zardoz", "slug_title": "zardoz", "date": "1974-02-06", "genre": ["Fantastique / Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "2293, La Terre a \u00e9t\u00e9 totalement d\u00e9vast\u00e9e et la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 est divis\u00e9e en plusieurs castes : les Brutes, les Exterminateurs et les Barbares qui vouent un culte sans limites au dieu Zardoz. Tous oeuvrent pour les \u00c9ternels, un groupe d'humains immortels. Ce nouvel \u00e9quilibre social va \u00eatre boulevers\u00e9 lorsque Zed, un Exterminateur, d\u00e9cide de p\u00e9n\u00e9trer chez les \u00c9ternels, d\u00e9fiant ainsi le dieu Zardoz...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x4jEa65IzQu5MRbIyBtucd11B8e.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (Zed)", "Charlotte Rampling (Consuella)", "Sara Kestelman (May)", "John Alderton (Friend)", "Sally Anne Newton (Avalow)", "Niall Buggy (Arthur Frayn / Zardoz)", "Bosco Hogan (George Saden)", "Jessica Swift (Apathetic)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***When liberal fascism takes over***\r\n\r\nNearing the end of his physical prime, Sean Connery stars as Zed, an \"Exterminator,\" who wants to discover the truth about \"Zardoz,\" a gigantic menacing head and supposed god of earth in the year 2293. Zed stows away and sneaks into the \"vortex\" where live the ruling class of the planet, essentially futuristic hippies, extremely bored by their immortality.\r\n\r\nI was expecting something goofy like \"Barbarella\" (1968), but \u201cZardoz\u201d (1974) is closer to \"Logan's Run\u201d (1976), yet weirder due to writer/director John Boorman\u2019s eccentric style. It\u2019s a completely serious 70's futuristic sci-fi flick, although Arthur Frayn/Zardoz (Niall Buggy) is amusing as a jester-like fop.\r\n\r\n\u201cZardoz\u201d is a must for Connery fans as he sports a long ponytail & mustache and dashes around in a skimpy futuristic outfit throughout. Charlotte Rampling and Sara Kestelman star on the feminine front as leaders of Vortex 4, Consuella and May respectively. The former perceives Zed as a threat and therefore wants him executed whereas the latter finds him fascinating and perhaps useful.\r\n\r\nThe cinematography, locations, score, sets, costumes and special effects are all pretty much first rate for the time period; just don't expect \"Star Wars\" class F/X. Actually, the flick's worth seeing for the Irish scenery alone.\r\n\r\nYet it\u2019s in the realm of themes that \u201cZardoz\u201d soars. It\u2019s about what happens to a society/nation/planet when liberal fascism takes control: The liberal intelligentsia lives in secure enclaves, enjoying superior technology and nigh-immortality wherein the women are controlling and the men effeminate. \r\n\r\nThe deplorable \u201cBrutals\u201d live in the \u201cOutlands\u201d while the Leftist \u201cEternals\u201d control them through hireling Brutals who are provided guns by the Eternals and dubbed \u201cExterminators,\u201d which would be the liberal utopia\u2019s police or military. Of course, only the Brutals are allowed guns, not the common people; and the Eternals are sure to keep the population down through the power they hold. I can\u2019t help but think of the Left\u2019s almost religious advocacy of the killing of millions every year through abortion.\r\n\r\nIf that sounds heady, the movie goes even deeper, way deeper. The Crystal technology is like a superior form of our internet & smart phone. So \u201cZardoz\u201d is a great flick if you\u2019re interested in potent mindfood, but the viewer needs to have some knowledge of politics, philosophy, sociology and comparative religion to appreciate it. If not, you can at least enjoy the positive items noted above. Its biggest flaw is that the story isn\u2019t very compelling, despite the great themes; Boorman\u2019s script needed tweaked by someone who understood how to make a story engaging.  \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 45 minutes and was shot in County Wicklow, Ireland.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [10540, 811, 11234, 36819], "youtube_key": "TVakHZp5ZBE"}