{"tmdb_id": 492323, "title": "The Years of Decision", "original_title": "Leta odlo\u010ditve", "slug_title": "the-years-of-decision", "date": "1984-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "When Peter comes back from the war, he finds his father changed and alone. Their former maid, Leni, has also left and soon Peter's grandfather also dies. His father begins writing his memoirs of his Partisan years. Peter blames his father for his mother's death, but the final blow comes when he catches his father together with his (Peter's) former girlfriend. He moves in with his brother and accuses Leni of having had an affair with his father. Peter decides to kill his father but cannot carry out the plan. His father tells him in a fit of rage that he isn't his son at all. Feeling desperate and down, he goes to Leni's place for comfort, and finds her dead on the floor. The police arrest Peter for the murder of Leni. Will Peter have to serve a jail sentence on his road to maturity and will political connections have a bearing on the final verdict of the trial? Peter doesn't even know whom he can trust anymore.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tGBPlpno9QdKPoeHZfr584qMQwM.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Ostan (Peter)", "Ale\u0161 Vali\u010d (Jernej)", "Boris Cavazza (O\u010de)", "Damjana \u010cerne (Leni)", "Jo\u017eica Avbelj (Cveta)", "Polde Bibi\u010d (Silni)", "Slavko Jan (Ded)", "Andrej Nahtigal ()", "Roman Kon\u010dar ()", "Iztok Mlakar ()", "Jo\u017ee Mraz ()", "Slavko Cerjak ()", "Jana \u0160mid ()", "Angel Ar\u010don ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}