{"tmdb_id": 492809, "title": "Kappalu Muthalali", "original_title": "\u0d15\u0d2a\u0d4d\u0d2a\u0d32\u0d4d \u0d2e\u0d41\u0d24\u0d32\u0d3e\u0d33\u0d3f", "slug_title": "kappalu-muthalali", "date": "2009-11-27", "genre": [""], "score": "2.3/10", "synopsis": "Bhoominathan (Ramesh Pisharody) keeps big aspirations in his life. His dreams are all revolving around a property in the city, which he inherited. Bhoominathan finds that making a tourist resort in the land, is the best possible business which can bring him big returns. He starts to realise his plans to build a resort by digging down for making a good basement. And he finds to his astonishment, the archaic remnants of a ship.  Bhoomi takes no time to inform the archaeological department which lands him to further troubles and his project of resort building gets blocked. Bhoomi has got a friend in Radhika (Sarayu), who also works with the same department. Now with the help of some fresh ideas from her, he plans to venture into a new arena of business. The movie goes on to tell in a lighter manner, how some unexpected happenings can change the fate of a youth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xB2cHP96PMLJvTzsvIAhYrnxHW1.jpg", "actors": ["Ramesh Pisharody (Anaparambil Bhoominathan)", "Sarayu (Radhika)", "Kaviyoor Ponnamma ()", "Mala Aravindan (Astrologer)", "Bijukuttan (Mahout)", "Mukesh ()", "Jagadish (Thulasidharan)", "Jagathy Sreekumar (Dubai Chandy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}