{"tmdb_id": 4934, "title": "Les 5 hors-la-loi", "original_title": "Firecreek", "slug_title": "les-5-hors-la-loi", "date": "1968-01-24", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Les habitants de la ville de Firecreek se r\u00e9voltent pour le respect de leur droits apr\u00e8s avoir subi les nombreuses injustices commises par les brigades arm\u00e9es. Une lutte sanglante et acharn\u00e9e s'annonce.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/am21gcj8jh78veuHH8lzlzYH2XV.jpg", "actors": ["James Stewart (Johnny Cobb)", "Henry Fonda (Bob Larkin)", "Inger Stevens (Evelyn Pittman)", "Gary Lockwood (Earl)", "Dean Jagger (Whittier)", "Ed Begley (Preacher Broyles)", "Jay C. Flippen (Mr. Pittman)", "Jack Elam (Norman)", "James Best (Drew)", "BarBara Luna (Meli)", "Jacqueline Scott (Henrietta Cobb)", "Louise Latham (Dulcie (midwife))", "Brooke Bundy (Leah)", "Kitty Kelly (Mrs. Sawyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It's a lesson I learned a long time ago. A man worth shootin' is a man worth killin'.\r\n\r\nFirecreek is directed by Vincent McEveety and written by Calvin Clements Sr. It stars James Stewart and Henry Fonda. Music is by Alfred Newman and cinematography by William H. Clothier.\r\n\r\nA Technicolor/Panavision production, plot finds Stewart as Johnny Cobb, the part time Sheriff of Firecreek who has to make a stand when a gang fronted by Fonda's Bob Larkin invade the town and create mayhem.\r\n\r\nThis be a traditional Western fan's picture, a sort of one for the fans made by stars who served the genre so greatly previously. The story is a complete throwback to the decade previously, even having shades of the magnificent High Noon in the process. It looks fabulous with the great Clothier on photography duty, and with a strong supporting cast list backing up our ever dependable leads it's a production of worth.\r\n\r\nIt's appreciatively noted that the makers didn't pander to feel good homespun Western formula in story telling, for although it treads a well worn path in plotting, it's a grim and moody piece. Sexual harassment, vigilantism, bullying and revenge fuel the fires in Firecreek, with Stewart and Fonda playing conflicted peace keeper and calm villainy respectively. All this while Newman lays a moody evocative score across the play.\r\n\r\nIs there enough within to justify the running time? No not really, we have to deal with pacing issues and the action junkies among us are asked to sit tight till film's closing quarter for a fix. Shaving fifteen minute off of this wouldn't have been hard to do since there are filler sequences that don't improve the narrative. Yet this is still a treasure, where if one is prepared for a deliberately paced adult Western, that's loaded with smart dialogue and compelling performances, then genre entertainment awaits. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42261, 153228, 57035, 43440]}