{"tmdb_id": 49417, "title": "Bruce Springsteen And The E Street Band - London Calling Live in Hyde Park", "original_title": "Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band - London Calling Live in Hyde Park", "slug_title": "bruce-springsteen-and-the-e-street-band-london-calling-live-in-hyde-park", "date": "2009-06-28", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "London Calling: Live In Hyde Park\u2019 conveys both the experience of being on-stage and the vast crowd experience of the festival environment. Viewers are able to see Springsteen spontaneously directing the E Street Band and shaping the show as it evolves.BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN &amp; THE E STREET BANDLONDON CALLING: LIVE IN HYDE PARK1. London Calling2. Badlands3. Night4. She\u2019s The One5. Outlaw Pete6. Out In The Street7. Working On A Dream8. Seeds9. Johnny 9910. Youngstown11. Good Lovin\u201912. Bobby Jean13. Trapped14. No Surrender15. Waiting On A Sunny Day16. Promised Land17. Racing In The Street18. Radio Nowhere19. Lonesome Day20. The Rising21. Born To Run22. Hard Times (Come Again No More)23. Jungleland24. American Land25. Glory Days26. Dancing In The Dark27. Music under end credit sequence: Raise Your HandBONUS MATERIAL:The River: Glastonbury Festival, 2009Wrecking Ball: Giants Stadium, 2009", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yXzvXyEEBgZcOzyh4Aeztl5J0yJ.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Springsteen (himself)", "Steven Van Zandt (himself)", "Nils Lofgren (himself)", "Max Weinberg (himself)", "Roy Bittan (himself)", "Garry Tallent (himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [28717, 39826, 28099], "youtube_key": "notfound"}