{"tmdb_id": 4949, "title": "La Poursuite des tuniques bleues", "original_title": "A Time for Killing", "slug_title": "la-poursuite-des-tuniques-bleues", "date": "1967-08-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la guerre de Secession, un officier sudiste enleve la fiancee d'un capitaine nordiste.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cgP7RyPDIWbwEzgVGKKxetvpUch.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Tom Wolcott)", "George Hamilton (Dorrit Bentley)", "Inger Stevens (Emily Biddle)", "Paul Petersen (Blue Lake)", "Todd Armstrong (Lt. 'Pru' Prudessing)", "Max Baer, Jr. (Sgt. Luther Liskell)", "Kenneth Tobey (Sgt. Cleehan)", "Timothy Carey (Billy Cat)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Sgt. Dan Way)", "Richard X. Slattery (Cpl. Paddy Darling)", "Kay E. Kuter (Owelson)", "Dick Miller (Zollicoffer)", "Emile Meyer (Col. Harries)", "Marshall Reed (Stedner)", "Duke Hobbie (Lt. Frist)", "Harrison Ford (Lt Shaffer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Protracted mess that's nearly saved by the high action quota.\r\n\r\nConfederate POWs escape a Union camp and make for the Mexico border chased by Union troops. This in spite of the fact that the war has just been declared over...\r\n\r\nDirected by Phil Karlson with Roger Corman on hand for uncredited duties, this stands up as an odd, interesting, but messy Western. The production problems involved do show, for we get a pic that more or less consists of similar scenes strung together as a whole. The pursued can be found squabbling and bickering, in fighting and macho posturing, while the pursuers do the same.\r\n\r\nNo opportunity is wasted for some violence on tap, lots of gunplay, bloodletting and noise, while sexual aggression rears its ugly head. Sadly it just comes off as trying to keep the pic interesting, to stop the viewers from falling asleep as the narrative fails to offer anything of substance. Oh it's trying, the futility of war and its corruption of the soul are bubbling away, but it never bears out, buried under the urgency for an action scene and awful over acting (Max Baer Junior is appalling).\r\n\r\nIn its favour is the cast list, which contains Glenn Ford, George Hamilton, Inger Stevens, Timothy Carey, Kenneth Tobey, Harry Stanton, Harrison \"Indiana Jones\" Ford and Todd \"Jason Of The Argonauts\" Armstrong - amongst others. It's a strange roll call befitting the strangeness of the piece, compounded by Mundell Lowe's awfully intrusive musical score - on the evidence of this it's not hard to understand why he had such a short and mundane career as a composer. The Utah and Arizona locations however are a treat, so props to Kenneth Peach, his work deserves a better picture.\r\n\r\nA Time for Killing (AKA: The Long Ride Home), more a curio piece than a genre pic to avidly seek out. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [233795, 148847, 204994, 213668], "youtube_key": "K5cjHRZhT5o"}