{"tmdb_id": 49502, "title": "Alors Mal Mon Amour", "original_title": "So Evil My Love", "slug_title": "alors-mal-mon-amour", "date": "1948-03-03", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Une veuve de missionnaire rencontre charmante Mark Bellis, artiste et voyou, sur le navire de les prendre \u00e0 la fois retour \u00e0 Londres 1890.. Elle va bient\u00f4t d\u00e9couvrir qu'il a des ambitions sombres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1clYpr9tsYBJzxCIAtT89TMizHh.jpg", "actors": ["Ray Milland (Mark Bellis)", "Ann Todd (Olivia Harwood)", "Geraldine Fitzgerald (Susan Courtney)", "Leo G. Carroll (Jarvis)", "Raymond Huntley (Henry Courtney)", "Raymond Lovell (Edgar Bellamy)", "Martita Hunt (Mrs. Courtney)", "Moira Lister (Kitty Feathers)", "Roderick Lovell (Sir John Curle)", "Muriel Aked (Miss Shoebridge)", "Finlay Currie (Dr. Krylie)", "Maureen Delaney (Curtis)", "Ivor Barnard (Mr. Watson)", "Ernest Jay (Smathers)", "Hugh Griffith (Coroner)", "Zena Marshall (Lisette)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Locket Love!\r\n\r\nSo Evil My Love (AKA: For Her to See/The Obsessed) is directed by Lewis Allen and adapted to screenplay by Ronald Millar & Leonard Spigelgass from the novel written by Joseph Shearing (AKA: Marjorie Bowen). It stars Ray Milland, Ann Todd, Geraldine Fitzgerald and Leo Carroll. Music is scored by William Alwyn & Victor Young and cinematography by Max Green. \r\n\r\n\"This is a true story...one of the strangest chapters in the annals of crime. Its characters lived more than fifty years ago...the leading figures in a passionate game of love and murder. It began on a sailing vessel homeward bound from the West Indies for Liverpool....\" \r\n\r\nLewis Allen's movie falls into that category of films tagged as Gaslight Noir \u2013 Period Noir. Marjorie Bowen's literary works were always ripe for such noirish period pickings, given that many of them feature dark doings, bad people, idiotic people and just plain misery, and this filmic adaptation is no different in that respect; gloriously so for the film noir faithful. \r\n\r\nWhile not in the same league as the two Gaslight movies, So Evil My Love pulses throughout with tainted blood. The period flavours are lovely, the lead cast members at home in their settings, yet you will have to search far and wide for someone you can respect. Heading up the cast is Milland, who around this time was thoroughly enjoying himself playing troubled or bad boy roles, and here, as he drags all around him through the mud, he's having a grand old time of it. \r\n\r\nUnfortunately the long running time proves a bit much for director Allen, who sinks into deep melodrama for a good portion of the mid- section, and this is where it comes close to being dull, but the final third is worth waiting for as the septic and the stupid trot along to their respective fate. It's also disappointing that Green's photography doesn't always enhance the turbulent atmosphere, so for better work from him seek out Hatter's Castle (1942) and the mightily great Night and the City (1950). \r\n\r\nLots to like here for period and gothic noir fans though. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37742, 35418, 25548, 73983]}