{"tmdb_id": 495121, "title": "Jai Simha", "original_title": "\u0c1c\u0c48 \u0c38\u0c3f\u0c02\u0c39\u0c3e", "slug_title": "jai-simha", "date": "2018-01-12", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Narasimha is a man on the run with his one-year-old son. He reaches Kumbakonam and stays at the house of the village temple's dharma karta's house. But while there, he bumps into Gowri who seems to dislike him for some reason, despite being his childhood friend. A death row inmate Rami Reddy also seems to hold a grudge against Narasimha. Who is Narasimha and what did he do to make so many enemies?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ewx2AsWbXqpp5Z856nxfO5tpyy8.jpg", "actors": ["Nandamuri Balakrishna ()", "Nayanthara (Gauri)", "Prakash Raj ()", "Brahmanandam ()", "Ashutosh Rana ()", "Hariprriya ()", "Murali Mohan ()", "Natasha Doshi (Dhanya)", "Prabhakar ()", "Jayaprakash Reddy ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pavan98801", "content": "> Jai Simha is an interesting film in the recent times. The teaser of the movie was launched four days back and now we have the trailer. The trailer is packed with a lot of action elements. There are dialogues that would definitely make every Balakrishna fan proud. Balakrishna is looking stunning and he has played a dual role in the film.\r\n\r\nThe film introduces all the interesting characters. There is a good romantic track between Balayya and Nayanathara. Natasha Joshi and Hari Priya are also seen in the trailer. The trailer is looking like a complete action drama. KS Ravi Kumar has directed the movie in an interesting manner that all Balakrishna fans will celebrate it big in the theatres.\r\n\r\nDirected by KS Ravi Kumar, the movie is produced by C Kalyan on CK Entertainments banner."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}