{"tmdb_id": 49517, "title": "La Taupe", "original_title": "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "slug_title": "la-taupe", "date": "2011-09-16", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "George Smiley (Gary Oldman), r\u00e9cemment pensionn\u00e9 du MI6, fait de son mieux pour mener sa vie en dehors des services secrets. Lorsque un agent disgraci\u00e9 refait surface avec des informations concernant une taupe au sein du service, Smiley revient. Charg\u00e9 de d\u00e9couvrir lequel de ses anciens coll\u00e8gues l'a trahi ainsi que son pays, Smiley concentre ses recherches sur quatre suspects tous exp\u00e9riment\u00e9s et talentueux. Mais les histoires du pass\u00e9, les rivalit\u00e9s et amiti\u00e9s lui rendent la t\u00e2che dfficile.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zQVync40ZyIMq2vkmwiqY6W663S.jpg", "actors": ["John Hurt (Control)", "Gary Oldman (George Smiley)", "Kathy Burke (Connie Sachs)", "Benedict Cumberbatch (Peter Guillam)", "Colin Firth (Bill Haydon)", "Mark Strong (Jim Prideaux)", "Toby Jones (Percy Alleline)", "Stephen Graham (Jerry Westerby)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (Roy Bland)", "Simon McBurney (Oliver Lacon)", "David Dencik (Toby Esterhase)", "Tom Hardy (Ricki Tarr)", "Svetlana Khodchenkova (Irina)", "Arthur Nightingale (Bryant)", "Zolt\u00e1n Mucsi (Magyar)", "Amanda Fairbank-Hynes (Belinda)", "Laura Carmichael (Sal)", "Konstantin Khabenskiy (Polyakov)", "Ilona Kassai (Woman in Window)", "Imre Csuja (KGB Agent)", "P\u00e9ter K\u00e1lloy Moln\u00e1r (Hungarian Waiter)", "Peter O'Connor (Fawn)", "Roger Lloyd Pack (Mendel)", "Stuart Graham (Minister)", "Jamie Thomas King (Kaspart)", "Philip Martin Brown (Tufty Thesinger)", "Christian McKay (Mackelvore)", "Rupert Procter (Guillam's Boyfriend)", "Linda Marlowe (Mrs McCraig)", "Michael Sarne (Karla (Voice))", "Katrina Vasilieva (Ann Smiley)", "John le Carr\u00e9 (Christmas Party Guest)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "The russians have placed a mole within the Circus (who is the british intelligence service, by the way). George Smiley (Gary Oldman), having been fired from the Circus, has now been rehired (secretly) to find the mole. He assembles his small team and begins to look into the matters. The possibilities are plenty, Percy (Toby Jones), Esterhase (David Dencik), Roy Bland (Ciaran Hinds) and Bill Haydon (Colin Firth). His old friend, Control (John Hurt), even suspected George himself of being the mole.\r\n\r\nThis movie is directed by a personal favorite of mine, Tomas Alfredson, who also created the vampire movie, _Let the Right One In_ (Lad den rette komme ind), as well as the amazing, _Four Shades of Brown_ (fire nuancer af brun). He is a master of creating a dark and mysterious atmosphere, and does exactly that in this movie. The pace is slow, the music is scarce and the colours are old and faded, perfect for a spy movie such as this.\r\n\r\nWatching this movie is like watching a puzzle being carefully put together in front of you. It takes time to get it just right, and you have to look carefully at all the pieces. Good things takes time, and this movie understands that. The viewer has to watch carefully, because it constantly goes from the present and into the past. People who have died, are resurrected in the memories of the past, to help us construct the final image.\r\n\r\n_Last words... this movie will not appeal to everyone, it requires the viewer to be active, watch carefully, and to appreciate the slow narrative. I will gladly admit that I have tried watching this movie three times before I finally succeeded in watching all of it. I am not normally a fan of these sort of movies, but I can always appreciate spectacular acting, and the craftmanship of a truly great director, and so, this movie becomes so much more than just a spy movie. It becomes a movie about people living on the edge of a war, trying to survive, trying to find the one threat that might break down the wall and destroy the british empire._"}], "recommandations_id": [231, 4566, 10316, 1985]}