{"tmdb_id": 495195, "title": "Death Ouija", "original_title": "\u789f\u4ed9\u8a6d\u8b5a", "slug_title": "death-ouija", "date": "2014-08-08", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Yang Tin Lok (Alex Fong) receives a phone call from his old classmate Han Yang one morning, inviting everyone to a meeting at an old villa in the wilderness. The same day, Tin Lok drives with Jiang Weiping to the villa, where the old classmates come in twos and threes. In this quiet corner, they are talking and laughing, generally being noisy. Just as the party is going well, a sudden heavy rain hits, disturbing the crowd of Masin. While they are hid in the room sulking, Han Yang suddenly surprises everyone with the unexpected guest Lin Yue Lin. Fifteen years ago, these good classmates went to White Dragon Pool to play at night. When they invited Dish Sin for some reason, Lin Yue was severely burned by an inexplicable fire. Weirdly though, his face now has no signs of burns. As night falls, when everyone is enjoying the time, Jiang Weiping unexpectedly dies. With this as an opportunity, everyone becomes involved in the terrible darkness...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qNfwrdyrNfW17Ija2wRjXgJZujr.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Fong Lik-Sun ()", "Milky Han ()", "Liu Xiao-Jia ()", "Apple Hong ()", "Chen Qiao ()", "Yao Yi-Ai ()", "Yin Shan-Shan ()", "Liu Ling ()", "Sun Jian ()", "Liu Xiang-Jing ()", "Ma Kai-Man ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "I87m3gFiZC4"}