{"tmdb_id": 49521, "title": "Man of Steel", "original_title": "Man of Steel", "slug_title": "man-of-steel", "date": "2013-06-12", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un petit gar\u00e7on d\u00e9couvre qu'il poss\u00e8de des pouvoirs surnaturels et qu'il n'est pas n\u00e9 sur Terre. Plus tard, il s'engage dans un p\u00e9riple afin de comprendre d'o\u00f9 il vient et pourquoi il a \u00e9t\u00e9 envoy\u00e9 sur notre plan\u00e8te. Mais il devra devenir un h\u00e9ros s'il veut sauver le monde de la destruction totale et incarner l'espoir pour toute l'humanit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4tS3qHfYYB6C9I831pYQyLQivp8.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Cavill (Clark Kent / Superman / Kal-El)", "Amy Adams (Lois Lane)", "Michael Shannon (General Zod)", "Kevin Costner (Jonathan Kent)", "Russell Crowe (Jor-El)", "Diane Lane (Martha Kent)", "Laurence Fishburne (Perry White)", "Antje Traue (Faora-Ul)", "Christopher Meloni (Colonel Hardy)", "Jadin Gould (Lana Lang)", "Tahmoh Penikett (Emerson)", "Ayelet Zurer (Lara Lor-Van)", "Richard Schiff (Dr. Emil Hamilton)", "Dylan Sprayberry (Clark Kent at 13)", "Michael Kelly (Steve Lombard)", "Carla Gugino (Kelor (voice))", "Richard Cetrone (Tor-An)", "Mackenzie Gray (Jax-Ur)", "Julian Richings (Lor-Em)", "Mary Black (Ro-Zar)", "Samantha Jo (Car-Vex)", "Rebecca Buller (Jenny)", "Christina Wren (Major Carrie Farris)", "David Lewis (Major Laramore)", "Doug Abrahams (Heraldson)", "Brad Kelly (Byrne)", "Alessandro Juliani (Officer Sekowsky)", "Jack Foley (Teenage Pete Ross)", "Robert Gerdisch (Whitney Fordman)", "Harry Lennix (General Swanwick)", "Jacqueline Scislowski (Student)", "Sean Campbell (Bar Buddy)", "Raj Lal (Rubble Survivor (uncredited))", "Rebecca Spence (Young Mother)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "KCruz88", "content": "Overall this movie is great! It has flaws but it still delivered.  For instance, they didn't really explore the loving side of Superman that is the reason for saving humans.  But i get it that this could just be a different interpretation of his motives. The relationship between Clark and Lois was almost spontaneous and didn't really develop. Not to mention there was so much action! Sure this is Superman and he deserves a big movie, but that action is just so mind numbing and distracts from the plot. I really did like how they explored Clarks childhood just enough to give justification to his emotions. Although there are criticism about the ending, I thought it was well made. Clark spent his entire youth listening to his father to control himself and he had to learn to make a tough decision. I think this movie has a lot of potential for a sequel if they do it right. I look forward to being able to look back on this and watch it as part of a trilogy and not a stand alone film."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The cast is well chosen but the Amy Adams as Lois Lane. Not that she performances bad but she is just not Lois Lane.\r\n\r\nSmart choosing to focus in Krypton. Probably, the less repeated story told about Superman.\r\n\r\nYou can really feel Christopher Nolan's touch in the script and, probably, that's the problem. It is just too similar to Batman Begins. Also, the script repeats Batman's stupidities like the way in which Klark Kent father dies or feeling that Crowe, Superman's father, has everything under control, even his own stupid death.\r\n\r\nTons of FX with incredible fights that may feel exhausting for some but that I think are totally justified in this character.\r\n\r\nThe OST is again in the hands of Hans Zimmer that keeps abusing of the drumming and grave sounds.\r\n\r\nAll in all, still looking forward for the next movie of this reboot."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I guess I am being stubbornly traditional here but this was not really the Superman that I grow up with. I am sure that a lot of people are not going to agree with me on this one but personally I was not overly thrilled with this movie.\r\n\r\nSure, if what you wanted was a wild action ride and unchecked destruction then this movie will most likely satisfy you. However, as a \u201cSuperman\u201d movie it just did not feel right to me.\r\n\r\nThe original story is tweaked and tinkered with too much. The Kryptonians, not only General Zod and his minions, are portrayed in a quite negative light. Superman himself project a hugely negative aura. Lois Lane gets to meet Superman and learn who he really is before he even starts to work for The Daily Planet. And so on and so forth\u2026\r\n\r\nThe first part of the movie with the back-flashes, with Kal-El just trying to hide, getting bullied etc. is just sad and even boring. It is not until General Zod arrives that things starts to get going. However even then they continue to tinker with things. Apparently it is now enough to breathe Krypton-like air for him to lose his powers. This is just so wrong. Actually, the entire bla bla when they try to \u201cexplain\u201d his powers is just dumb. There is an established story behind Superman. Even though it is fantastic and unscientific just stick to it. It is a fantasy comic character after all. Leave it at that. The story itself is not bad but it is not Superman.\r\n\r\nHaving said all that, when the fighting starts, the special effects and the action definitely have a high \u201ccoolness factor\u201d. Superman and General Zod wrecks more havoc than half a dozen Godzillas with a bad case of hangover. Actually the level of mayhem is bordering on the ridiculous but it was fun to watch. Unfortunately I have to admit that this was my enjoyment of this movie, to watch the special effects."}], "recommandations_id": [68721, 76170, 54138, 1930]}