{"tmdb_id": 49529, "title": "John Carter", "original_title": "John Carter", "slug_title": "john-carter", "date": "2012-03-07", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "L'ancien capitaine John Carter, las de la guerre, se retrouve myst\u00e9rieusement transport\u00e9 sur la plan\u00e8te Mars, o\u00f9 il se retrouve impliqu\u00e9 malgr\u00e9 lui dans un terrible conflit entre les habitants de cette plan\u00e8te, y compris Tars Tarkas et la fascinante princesse Dejah Thoris. Dans un monde au bord du gouffre, Carter red\u00e9couvre son humanit\u00e9 en prenant conscience que la survie de Barsoom et de ses habitants est entre ses mains.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uhk0kESibUVlGXNdaOuxmq2e8Hq.jpg", "actors": ["Taylor Kitsch (John Carter)", "Lynn Collins (Dejah Thoris)", "Samantha Morton (Sola)", "Willem Dafoe (Tars Tarkas)", "Thomas Haden Church (Tal Hajus)", "Mark Strong (Matai Shang)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (Tardos Mors)", "Dominic West (Sab Than)", "James Purefoy (Kantos Kan)", "Bryan Cranston (Powell)", "Polly Walker (Sarkoja)", "Daryl Sabara (Edgar Rice Burroughs)", "Arkie Reece (Stayman #1 / Helm)", "Davood Ghadami (Stayman #3)", "Pippa Nixon (Lightmaster)", "James Embree (Thern #2)", "Philip Philmar (Thern #1)", "Emily Tierney (Pretty Woman in NYC Doorway)", "Edmund Kente (Telegraph Clerk)", "Nicholas Woodeson (Dalton)", "Kyle Agnew (Stable Boy)", "Don Stark (Dix the Storekeeper)", "Josh Daugherty (Rowdy #1)", "Jared Cyr (Rowdy #2)", "Christopher Goodman (Stockade Guard)", "Amanda Clayton (Sarah Carter)", "Joseph Billingiere (Apache #1 (as Joe Billingiere))", "Steven Cree (Humble Guard)", "Umit Ulgen (Tattooist (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Totally forgettable and full of stereotypes"}, {"pseudo": "YetAnotherMovieWatcher", "content": "Edgar Rice Burroughs wrote his series of John Carter novels before space flight was more than a fancy.  This movie is more adventure and romance and very little (if any) actual science.\r\n\r\nThis movie is the best production of A Princess of Mars, the first story in the series, that I've seen.\r\n\r\nIf you're a fan of the John Carter novels then you will probably get some enjoyment from John Carter.  While there are some differences you'll meet some familiar characters and recognize quite a few relevant plot points.\r\n\r\nNot a great film, but not a bad one, either."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "We sat down and watched this movie on Blu-ray yesterday evening to nicely end our little excursion day. This is a good film but it could have been (much) better.\r\n\r\nThe film itself and its special effects are quite good. I would say that the special effects are very good. The airships are very cool looking. The design nicely captures the retro atmosphere of the book without looking silly. I think they made the green men too slim though. I have always pictured them as way more bulky and monstrous. I like Woola\u2019s appearance although him moving around at \u201csupersonic\u201d speeds is a bit over the top.\r\n\r\nHowever, why is it that every film-company/producer/director/whatever now thinks that he can take an old classic, slam on the name in the title, and then do what the hell he likes with the material? This film has borrowed the basic idea and the names from Edgar Rice Burroughs John Carter book but almost nothing else. At most 10% of the story of the books is in the movie. The rest is pure invention and it does not improve the story. As a matter of fact it turns what was a good story into a standard unintelligent Hollywood faire. Been there, seen that, done that.\r\n\r\nThe examples are plentiful, the white apes the size of dinosaurs, the city of Zodanga moves around (what the f\u2026), most of the plot as I said before is invented, the Therns have a completely different role etc. etc.\r\n\r\nI especially dislike how they have made John Carter, the honorable gentleman from Virginia, into a fairly plain American guy who at first refuses to do the \u201cright\u201d thing. And what about these bloody wife and child flashbacks? That\u2019s just disturbing.\r\n\r\nNone of this improves the movie. It got 6 stars, it could have gotten 9 or 10 if it had followed the books properly. It is Disney\u2019s own fault that this movie was a disappointment at the box office, they screwed with classical material\u2026again."}], "recommandations_id": [44833, 49849, 57165, 64635]}