{"tmdb_id": 4953, "title": "Soyez sympas, rembobinez", "original_title": "Be Kind Rewind", "slug_title": "soyez-sympas-rembobinez", "date": "2008-01-20", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Un homme dont le cerveau devient magn\u00e9tique efface involontairement toutes les cassettes du vid\u00e9oclub dans lequel l'un de ses amis travaille. Afin de satisfaire la demande de la plus fid\u00e8le cliente du vid\u00e9oclub, une femme d\u00e9mente, les deux hommes d\u00e9cident de r\u00e9aliser les remakes des films effac\u00e9s parmi lesquels \"SOS Fant\u00f4mes\", \"Le Roi Lion\" et \"Robocop\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/f0oX20YrQEiVPDH9InCQ1d3Cm66.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Black (Jerry)", "Yasiin Bey (Mike (as Mos Def))", "Danny Glover (Mr. Fletcher)", "Mia Farrow (Ms. Kimberley)", "Marcus Carl Franklin (James)", "Arjay Smith (Manny)", "Paul Dinello (Mr. Rooney)", "Melonie Diaz (Alma)", "Sigourney Weaver (Ms. Lawson)", "Kid Creole (West Coast Video Employee Passaic (as August Darnell))", "Matt Walsh (Officer Julian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "mastergsg", "content": "This is a unique specimen of a film, as it engages directly in the art of remaking classic films that we've grown up on, with a twist. Even more so fitting given the films setting of a mom and pop owned video store. Mos Defs character Mike is excellent as the straight man to Jerry (played by Jack Black) and his more then outrageous stunts and escapades. You can also feel sympathy for the character of Mr. Fletcher (played by Danny Glover) whose trying everything to keep his video rental store and apartment from being demolished. I won't spoil any further plot details or the ending, but the way things are wrapped up are bittersweet, and by the time the credits roll, everything is left in ambiguity. Overall I didn't go into major parts of this film because it just has to be experienced for oneself for full enjoyment. Be Kind Rewind is a funny, touching, and nostalgic trip down the roads of analog film renting, and fan film creation, all in one. Four and a half stars, out of Five."}], "recommandations_id": [13092, 300, 2293, 6575], "youtube_key": "62CZL9Rhz8Y"}