{"tmdb_id": 49538, "title": "X-Men : Le Commencement", "original_title": "X-Men: First Class", "slug_title": "x-men-le-commencement", "date": "2011-06-01", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Aventure", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "\"X-Men : Le Commencement\" nous entra\u00eene aux origines de la saga X-Men, r\u00e9v\u00e9lant une histoire secr\u00e8te autour des \u00e9v\u00e9nements majeurs du XXe si\u00e8cle. Avant que les mutants n\u2019aient r\u00e9v\u00e9l\u00e9 leur existence au monde, et avant que Charles Xavier et Erik Lehnsherr ne deviennent le Professeur X et Magneto, ils n\u2019\u00e9taient encore que deux jeunes hommes d\u00e9couvrant leurs pouvoirs pour la premi\u00e8re fois. Avant de devenir les pires ennemis, ils \u00e9taient encore amis, travaillaient avec d\u2019autres mutants pour emp\u00eacher la destruction du monde, l\u2019Armageddon. Au cours de cette op\u00e9ration, le conflit naissant entre les deux hommes s\u2019accentua, et la guerre \u00e9ternelle entre la Confr\u00e9rie de Magneto et les X-Men du Professeur X \u00e9clata\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uFkBKp7wnllRXdqOMLpY7avAKQ4.jpg", "actors": ["James McAvoy (Charles Xavier / Professor X)", "Michael Fassbender (Erik Lehnsherr / Magneto)", "Jennifer Lawrence (Raven Darkholme / Mystique)", "Kevin Bacon (Sebastian Shaw / Black Bishop)", "Rose Byrne (Moira MacTaggert)", "Nicholas Hoult (Hank McCoy / Beast)", "January Jones (Emma Frost / White Queen)", "Jason Flemyng (Azazel)", "Lucas Till (Alex Summers / Havok)", "Caleb Landry Jones (Sean Cassidy / Banshee)", "Zo\u00eb Kravitz (Angel Salvadore / Tempest)", "Oliver Platt (Man in Black Suit)", "Edi Gathegi (Armando Mu\u00f1oz / Darwin)", "\u00c1lex Gonz\u00e1lez (Janos Quested / Riptide)", "Matt Craven (CIA Director McCone)", "Rade Serbedzija (Russian General)", "Glenn Morshower (Colonel Hendry)", "Michael Ironside (Captain)", "Morgan Lily (Young Raven (10 yrs))", "Laurence Belcher (Charles Xavier (12 Years))", "Beth Goddard (Mrs. Xavier)", "Bill Milner (Young Erik)", "Don Creech (William Stryker)", "Demetri Goritsas (Levene)", "James Remar (US General)", "Ray Wise (Secretary of State)", "Brendan Fehr (Communications Officer)", "Hugh Jackman (Logan / Wolverine (Uncredited))", "Rebecca Romijn (Mystique - older)", "David Agranov (Soviet NCO)", "Neil Fingleton (Russian General's Bodyguard)", "Corey Johnson (Chief Warden)", "Annabelle Wallis (Co-Ed)", "\u00c9va Magyar (Edie Lensherr)", "Tony Curran (Man In Black Suit Agent)", "Randall Batinkoff (Man In Black Suit Agent)", "Arthur Darbinyan (Aral Sea Captain)", "Georg Nikoloff (Mr. Lensherr (Erik's Dad))", "James Faulkner (Swiss Bank Manager)", "Ludger Pistor (1st German / Pig Farmer)", "Wilfried Hochholdinger (2nd German / Tailor)", "David Crow (Weasley Agent)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "A very good movie!\r\nI'm not a massive comic book reader/fan and when I watched the first couple of the X-men movies I always wondered how it all begin and this movie do it justice! The actors where great (there no Patrick Stewart or Ian McKellen), Kevin Bacon played the baddie very well and was well suited for it and it was graphically impressive.\r\nLoved to see the development of the characters over the duration of the film.\r\nIn all, I think it was a excellent movie."}, {"pseudo": "Travis Bell", "content": "I didn't love this movie. There were aspects about it from the perspective of an origin story that were interesting but something about the pacing and acting just felt\u2026 off. I can't quite put my finger on it but the first word that comes to mind is \"campy\". Kind of like I was watching one of the last three Star Wars movies. The dialog and overall tone just weren't serious enough.\r\n\r\nThe trailer for [X-Men: Days of Future Past](https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/127585-x-men-days-of-future-past) looks better and Bryan Singer is back at the helm. The best X-Men movies are without a doubt 1 & 2 so here's hoping he can steer this back a bit."}, {"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "On IMDb, X-Men: First Class has garnered the highest rating of all films in the X-Men franchise so far. Given the fact that this film features only a few of the familiar characters of the previous films, portrayed by different, younger actors, and the complete absence of Wolverine, the (current) rating of 8.1 somewhat surprised me. That was before I had seen it...\r\n\r\nBeing a pretty big X-Men fan myself, I was excited to see this, regardless of plot or characters. However, I was also a little wary of what to expect, for the reasons stated above. I suspect that anybody reading this might feel the same way. But rest assured, any doubts were quickly dispelled no later than the opening scene. First Class starts off very well, with the exact same opening scene as the first X-Men, featuring a young Erik Lehnsherr being separated from his parents in a Nazi concentration camp. What follows after this familiar story is something completely new and particularly dark and brutal. I won't give away any important plot lines, but suffice it to say there won't be a single person left wondering why Magneto is so resentful of \"normal\" people. This event also sets the tone for the rest of the film, and, to a great extent, explains why First Class is such a success: this film is all about character. Whereas all the other films were mostly about cool superheroes and special effects, First Class is all about character development and the history of those who would later become Professor X and Magneto. This concept might have failed big time if it wasn't for the superb screenplay. I take my hat off to whoever managed to incorporate every little, but crucial, character and storyline and made it flow together so beautifully. Literally everything comes together in this film, everything you might have wondered (why is Xavier paralyzed?) is given a credible and fitting explanation. \r\n\r\nAnother real strength of FC is its cast. Everybody in this film is right where they should be. Kevin Bacon is the perfect villain (but we already knew that\u2026), James McAvoy not only looks, but sounds and moves like the young Charles Xavier would. Jennifer Lawrence is a convincing, young (and believe it or not, insecure) Mystique. All other characters are perfectly cast as well, humans and mutants alike. However, I feel that most credit is due to Michael Fassbender, an actor I am now ashamed to say I had never even heard of before. The way he portrays the 30-something Erik Lehnsherr/Magneto is stunning. His entire physique, down to every little twitch in his face, truly captivates all the pain and agony Erik has had to endure throughout his life. It makes you sympathize with Magneto and understand why he is the way he is. Whereas the \"old\" Magneto was little more than a bitter old man who despised Homo sapiens for undisclosed reasons (with no discredit to Ian McKellen intended here), Michael Fassbender does something I thought was almost impossible in a superhero flick: he gives Magneto a soul.\r\n\r\nIn case I might have given the impression that X-Men: First Class is no more than some wishy-washy character drama, don't worry. There are plenty of awesome action sequences and special effects to keep the more adrenaline-pumped movie-goer satisfied. And before I forget: there are two small, but awesome cameo appearances which I know you will enjoy\u2026 \r\n\r\nFinally, a small note on parental guidance: I was absolutely baffled to see that half of the audience consisted of parents with small children. Like I said before, this is not just another cool superhero movie. X-Men: First Class features elements which are quite dark and graphic, and especially the scenes portraying Nazi brutality are not intended for a young audience. Personally, I would say 14 is the appropriate minimum age. \r\n\r\nWith all that said, I would recommend this film to anyone, even to those of you who aren't X-Men fans. It doesn't happen very often that I can't find a single flaw in a film, but I guess this is just one of those rare cases. Great directing, great acting, great everything. Period.\r\n_(July 2011)_"}], "recommandations_id": [36668, 36657, 2080, 36658]}