{"tmdb_id": 495638, "title": "The Soil", "original_title": "\u0d2e\u0d23\u0d4d\u0d23\u0d4d", "slug_title": "the-soil", "date": "1978-10-06", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Mannu is about the struggle between Damu, a tenant whose legal right to his land is obscure, and Krishnan Nair, a rapacious landlord. The local leader of the party, comrade Mulamkadan, supports the tenant. and the landlord's political strategy to evict the tenant fails. When the landlord gores to a Nambudiri priest, the priest advises recourse to the Lord.  One morning a Devi Vigraha (an idol) is discovered on Damu's land. The villagers are awed; the landlord promptly declares his intention to build a temple on the land. Damu tries to fight both landlord and superstition from within the village and fails. Krishnan Nair is killed and Damu is forced to go underground. His wife continues to fight to regain land that is rightfully hers. Krishnan Nair's son, Rajan returns from the front and searches for Damu, eventually tracking him down.  Will he live out his role as landlord or will he imagine a justice in which Damu has a share?  Reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mannu", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["M G Soman (Damu)", "P K  Abraham (Krishnan Nair)", "Sharada (Paru)", "Sukumaran (Rajan)", "Adoor Bhasi (Supran Thirumeni)", "Nellikode Bhaskaran (Mulankadan)", "Kuthiravattam Pappu (Keshavan)", "Mallika Sukumaran (Naani)", "Kunjandi (Kakka)", "Santha Devi (Krishnan's mother)", "Nilambur Balan (Velappan)", "Sreenivasan (Mathai)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}