{"tmdb_id": 49565, "title": "L'homme qui plantait des arbres", "original_title": "L'homme qui plantait des arbres", "slug_title": "l-homme-qui-plantait-des-arbres", "date": "1987-05-13", "genre": "Animation / Drame", "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Au cours d'une de ses promenades en Haute-Provence, le narrateur a un jour rencontr\u00e9 un personnage extraordinaire, un berger solitaire et paisible qui plantait des arbres, des milliers d'arbres. Au fil des ans, le vieil homme a r\u00e9alis\u00e9 son r\u00eave : la lande aride et d\u00e9sol\u00e9e est devenue une terre pleine de vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b4b59erEl31yUEKHi6Pg77boYOg.jpg", "actors": ["Philippe Noiret (Narrator (voice: French version))", "Christopher Plummer (Narrator (voice: English version))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dej", "content": "**Classics are created from works of art that speak to everyone through all times; they exhibit beauty, depth, acute insight, truth, inspiration. They often reveal new techniques or groundbreaking achievements. This animated short fulfills all of those characteristics and more. It has my vote for the greatest, most meaningful and important animation of all time. Its beauty is beyond mere prettiness or attractiveness; it approximates the grandeur of nature and the human soul. It is innovative and uses music and sound effects to evoke hesrtbreaking sadness and joyous exhilaration. This is a film to be watched numerous times and act as a force for goodness and understanding. If you are looking for a film that is stunning to look at and hear and also spiritually rewarding, this is the one."}], "recommandations_id": [53211, 48000, 100247, 145762]}