{"tmdb_id": 49706, "title": "Dream Home", "original_title": "\u7dad\u591a\u5229\u4e9e\u58f9\u865f", "slug_title": "dream-home", "date": "2010-04-25", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Cheng s'est jur\u00e9e qu'un jour, elle s'offrirait un appartement avec vue sur la sublime baie de Hong Kong. Pour atteindre son r\u00eave, elle assume deux jobs en m\u00eame temps, va m\u00eame jusqu'\u00e0 voler des donn\u00e9es pour les revendre \u00e0 la concurrence. Mais Hong Kong est une des villes les plus ch\u00e8res du monde, elle n'arrive pas \u00e0 concr\u00e9tiser son r\u00eave..., elle ne va pas en rester l\u00e0 !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/edY2IRaCGEKuJstuLLJ9MQNAYKX.jpg", "actors": ["Josie Ho (Cheng Lai Sheung)", "Eason Chan (Siu To)", "Lawrence Chou (On Jai)", "Derek Tsang (Cheung Jai)", "Juno Mak (Cop Fat)", "Felix Lok Ying-Kwan (Cop Man)", "Norman Chu (Sheung's dad)", "Pau Hei-Ching (Sheung's mother)", "Lo Hoi-Pang (Sheung's grandpa)", "Vivian Leung Chi-Ching (Young Sheung)", "Michelle Ye (Flat 8A female owner)", "Tan Lap-Man (Flat 8A male owner)", "Phat Chan Fei (Blondie)", "Wong Ching (Security guard)", "Jo Kuk (Friend of Flat 8A owner)", "Nelson Yu Lik-wai (Brother Wah)", "Pierre Yu Wai-Tat (Richard)", "Benny Lau (Nelson)", "Dewi Ariyantl (Filipino maid)", "Song Xiao-Cheng (Woman A)", "Zhou Chu-Chu (Woman B)", "Man Jan-Saan (Man)", "Chow Fai-Kin (Man's cousin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Hotsake", "content": "Wow, I had heard good things about this movie and went into it with high expectations and I wasn't let down. This is a great horror movie but better than that it a great film period. The main part of the movie takes place during a 2 hour time period and is filled with flash backs through out, which brings depth to the main character. The movie s very gory and becomes more so as it goes on. There is plenty of black humor and drama as well to help balance things out and even most of the minor characters are given a bit of depth and development. The film is based on a true mass murder incident even if the story itself is fiction. I've seen some other movie with Jose in them but she never really made an impression on me until now. Josie Ho was amazing in this and I will be checking out more of her films."}], "recommandations_id": [45737, 59421, 51455, 24922], "youtube_key": "oSwIrXpvwIo"}