{"tmdb_id": 49852, "title": "Casse-Noisette: l'histoire jamais racont\u00e9e", "original_title": "The Nutcracker in 3D", "slug_title": "casse-noisette-l-histoire-jamais-racontee", "date": "2010-11-24", "genre": ["Musique / Fantastique / Action / Familial"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Sortie de l'imagination du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre r\u00e9alisateur Russe Andrei Konchalovsky, l'histoire de Casse-Noisette a \u00e9t\u00e9 port\u00e9e en 3D. Le soir de No\u00ebl, la jeune Mary \u00e2g\u00e9e de 9 ans (Elle Fanning) re\u00e7oit de son oncle bien-aim\u00e9 Albert (Nathan Lane), un casse-noisette enchant\u00e9. Le Casse-Noisette (Charlie Rowe) vient \u00e0 la vie et am\u00e8ne la petite fille dans un voyage merveilleux o\u00f9 il y a des f\u00e9es, des drag\u00e9es et autres jouets de No\u00ebl qui prennent vie. Mary se rend vite compte que ce royaume fantastique est en danger \u00e0 cause de \"King Rat\" (John Turturro) et de sa m\u00e8re (Frances de la Tour)...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vMDLIB1cwsaOK4GJRMXIgukb9OX.jpg", "actors": ["Elle Fanning (Mary)", "Nathan Lane (Uncle Albert)", "John Turturro (The Rat King)", "Frances de la Tour (The Rat Queen / Frau Eva)", "Charlie Rowe (The Prince / Nicholas Charles)", "Aaron Michael Drozin (Max)", "Richard E. Grant (Father)", "Yuliya Vysotskaya (Mother / The Snow Fairy)", "Jonny Coyne (Gnomad)", "Shirley Henderson (The Nutcracker (voice))", "Richard Philipps (Dr. Freud)", "Fernanda Dorogi (Dr. Freud's Niece)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jesseyu", "content": "I watched this back-to-back with the newer (as of January, 2019) Nutcracker movie (The Nutcracker and the Four Realms [2018]) and I liked this one better as it is more attuned for kids and as my 10-year-old said, it's more \"Christmassy\" than the Four Realms one. \r\n\r\nI can understand the low ratings as maybe those who rated this low might have been expecting a holiday movie and was turned off by the heavily sci-fi and dystopian society renderings. Well, for me it wasn't that bad. I wasn't expecting anything as I never knew about any of the original Nutcracker story that this might have been based on or haven't seen a Nutcracker ballet performance. I just wanted to watch a holiday movie with my family and this looked okay. Story seemed simple and child-friendly enough that I wouldn't give this one a bad rating. And comparing this to the more recent Nutcracker movie which we watched after this one, the new one was from Disney and was obviously budgeted a lot more with bigger stars so we were sort of expecting a lot more. But we were let down by the newer offering as the plot was severely lacking excitement there. It was boring. And in the end, hard to care for. This one at least, for me and my boy, offered a bit of excitement and action and got us a bit more invested in while watching. Rating: 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72509, 20177, 16045, 62999], "youtube_key": "dgv6W7xkomk"}