{"tmdb_id": 49857, "title": "Tant d'amour \u00e0 donner", "original_title": "Love's Unfolding Dream", "slug_title": "tant-d-amour-a-donner", "date": "2007-12-15", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame / Familial / Romance / Western"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Au XIXe si\u00e8cle, Belinda Tyler, une jeune femme \u00e9mancip\u00e9e de l'Ouest am\u00e9ricain, ne r\u00eave que de pratiquer la m\u00e9decine. Passionn\u00e9e, elle d\u00e9cide d'en faire son m\u00e9tier mais elle doit d'abord parvenir \u00e0 convaincre le docteur Micah Jackson. Ce m\u00e9decin misogyne se montre r\u00e9calcitrant. A ses yeux, les femmes ne peuvent pas s'astreindre aux difficult\u00e9s de ce m\u00e9tier. Acceptant finalement de l'engager comme assistante, il r\u00e9alise qu'elle a tout pour devenir un excellent m\u00e9decin. Il tente alors de convaincre son fianc\u00e9, le beau Drew Simpson, d'aider Belinda \u00e0 entreprendre des \u00e9tudes. Car elle a indubitablement la vocation...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7DGVwjBLDTdiJT8880l8sGMEGhz.jpg", "actors": ["Erin Cottrell (Missy Tyler)", "Scout Taylor-Compton (Belinda Tyler)", "Dale Midkiff (Clark Davis)", "Robert Pine (Dr. Micah Jackson)", "Victor Browne (Sheriff Zach Taylor)", "Samantha Smith (Mart Davis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 6. The story of Belinda: When romance collides with career.\r\n\r\nThe sixth installment in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series. I can't believe I have crossed the halfway mark with this in the series, yet a long way to go. I really enjoyed so far with many ups and lows. I am happy with this part compared to the previous two where the series hit the rock bottom. This film was much better and had a very nice storyline. Yet a few more new characters were introduced as the storytelling expanded to the next timeline.\r\n\r\nI am just recalling the whole series very briefly to remind you that it all began with Marty and then moved later to her step-daughter, Missie. From this, the third generation story begins with Missie's step-daughter, Belinda. So the theme is getting little modern while proceeding in the each film in the series. Modern means that contrasts with the period of time when the story sets in. The story remains still in the cowboy culture and explores the various subjects.\r\n\r\n> \"The only thing you have to rely\r\n> on this world is yourself.\"\r\n\r\nOne of the best movie in the series that perfectly represents the title. Most importantly for the first time the story focuses other than the family issue. Well, there's romance as well, which is short and cute. The actual narration is Belinda's interest in taking up her career very seriously. For a late 19th century woman, even in the New World that was a challenging thing. So how everything goes is the entire movie.\r\n\r\nWell, 'Love Comes Softly' and deaths in its all the films are not co-incident, but a customary, that's how I felt so far. Some of the deaths were very emotional and connected deeply with the main characters, those had a strong hold in the storytelling. But some were simply unnecessary, like in this one perhaps. Maybe it was a lesson, a turning point, or medicines were not advanced to save people from the deaths or 'to make realise its value/worth' kind of stuff. So I accept it in this, because it was not that bad, but the way it happened was so silly.\r\n\r\nBesides the 'deaths', the loverboy is the other thing who comes from nowhere and steals the woman of the movie. I mean in a good way, but I don't know, maybe that is the way it was happening in those times. Like I mentioned earlier, it's flourishing towards the 20th century. Maybe the next movie would take place in the city, but have to wait and see. Because that is an exciting thing to see a city for the first time. I had a very good time with this, and believe the forthcoming films would be even better. So see you later...\r\n\r\n7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30975, 25182, 22488, 20583], "youtube_key": "notfound"}