{"tmdb_id": 4993, "title": "5 Cartes \u00c0 Abattre", "original_title": "5 Card Stud", "slug_title": "5-cartes-a-abattre", "date": "1968-07-28", "genre": ["Action / Western / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "1880, \u00e0 Rincon, une petite ville du Colorado. Accus\u00e9 d'avoir trich\u00e9 au poker, un \u00e9tranger est lynch\u00e9 par ses partenaires de jeu. Seul Van Morgan tente d'intervenir en sa faveur, mais ne r\u00e9colte que sa part de coups. Eprouv\u00e9, il quitte Rincon pour Denver. Peu apr\u00e8s, les assassins du malheureux flambeur sont \u00e9limin\u00e9s un \u00e0 un. Averti, Van Morgan ne r\u00e9siste pas au d\u00e9sir de revenir \u00e0 Rincon, d\u00e9sormais envahie par les chercheurs d'or. Il fait ainsi la connaissance d'une ravissante inconnue et d'un \u00e9trange et belliqueux pasteur. Les crimes myst\u00e9rieux s'accumulent. Van Morgan met un point d'honneur \u00e0 identifier le coupable...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ow1esWlXoRPijAvR6GZQbv0uv9r.jpg", "actors": ["Dean Martin (Van Morgan)", "Robert Mitchum (Reverend Jonathan Rudd)", "Inger Stevens (Lily Langford)", "Roddy McDowall (Nick Evers)", "Katherine Justice (Nora Evers)", "John Anderson (Marshal Dana)", "Ruth Springford (Mama Malone)", "Yaphet Kotto (Little George)", "Denver Pyle (Sig Evers)", "Bill Fletcher (Joe Hurley)", "Whit Bissell (Dr. Cooper)", "Ted de Corsia (Eldon Bates)", "Don Collier (Rowan)", "Roy Jenson (Mace Jones)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "When he played he played for blood.\r\n\r\n5 Card Stud is directed by Henry Hathaway and adapted to screenplay by Marguerite Roberts from a novel written by Ray Gaulden. It stars Robert Mitchum, Dean Martin, Inger Stevens, Roddy McDowall, Katherine Justice, John Anderson, Ruth Springford and Yaphet Kotto. Music is by Maurice Jarre and cinematography by Daniel L. Fapp.\r\n\r\nRincon, Colorado and when a gambler is caught cheating at poker, the rest of the players administer frontier justice and hang the man. All except one man that is, Van Morgan (Martin), who tried desperately to stop the lynching. When members of the card school from that night start being killed off, it's clear that somebody is also administering their own brand of retribution justice. Morgan teams up with the new unorthodox preacher in town, Reverend Jonathan Rudd (Mitchum), to try and crack the case.\r\n\r\nI don't think anyone would seriously try to argue that 5 Card Stud is a great movie, but it is a fun picture made by people who knew their way around the dusty plains of the Western genre. Basically a Western take on Agatha Christie's Ten Little Indians, it's a whodunit at the core, but surrounded by Western staples as fights, gun-play, murders, barroom shenanigans and thinly veiled prostitution exist during the run time, while the Durango location photography is most pleasant (TCM HD print is gorgeous).\r\n\r\nIt's not short of flaws, mind. Jarre's musical score is simply odd, I'm not even sure what film genre he thought he was scoring, but it's about as far removed as being in tune with a film as can be. McDowall as a whiny weasel villain doesn't work, the costuming is a bit sub-par and the reveal of the perpetrator is revealed too early. Yet film overcomes these problems because being in the company of Mitchum and Martin brings rewards.\r\n\r\nDino harks back to his Western glory days in the likes of Rio Bravo, and Mitch gets to parody his Night of the Hunter preacher whilst adding six- shooter charms into the bargain. The girls are short changed by the writing, but both Stevens and Justice grace the picture with their presence, and Kotto enlivens a role that quite easily could have been standard fare. A good time to be had with this Poker Oater \u00a9 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26714, 6610, 43750, 25551], "youtube_key": "0NFRsdAtPwE"}