{"tmdb_id": 499890, "title": "The Long Goodnight: A Film About Phil Collins", "original_title": "The Long Goodnight: A Film About Phil Collins", "slug_title": "the-long-goodnight-a-film-about-phil-collins", "date": "2007-06-11", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "\"In 2004 I came to a major decision in my life. I decided to stop my seemingly endless days of touring. I had been on the road for the last 30 years, and now with 2 young children I decided that enough was enough. It was time to say goodnight. This film documents the last stage of that goodnight tour. It covered many places I'd never played before, and some places NO ONE had played before. The result was that we encountered many remarkable obstacles. Sadly it was during this tour that my marriage slowly disintegrated before my eyes... and there was nothing to be done but continue. Filmmaker Anthony Mathile was with me from the first day of rehearsals to the last date in Prague. Therefore he captured many moments, good/bad... happy/sad. For me it is a film of mixed emotions, but it is also a film that touches me more than anything I've done before.\" - Phil Collins", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Phil Collins (Himself)", "Daryl Stuermer (Himself)", "Leland Sklar (Himself)", "Chester Thompson (Himself)", "Tony Smith (Himself)", "Ronnie Caryl (Himself)", "Luis Conte (Himself)", "Bill Cantos (Himself)", "Brad Cole (Himself)", "Lynne Fiddmont (Herself)", "Dan Fornero (Himself)", "Harry Kim (Himself)", "Arnold McCuller (Himself)", "Lamonte Van Hook (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}