{"tmdb_id": 499, "title": "Cl\u00e9o de cinq \u00e0 sept", "original_title": "Cl\u00e9o de cinq \u00e0 sept", "slug_title": "cleo-de-cinq-a-sept", "date": "1962-04-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Cl\u00e9o, belle et chanteuse, attend les r\u00e9sultats d'une analyse m\u00e9dicale. De la superstition \u00e0 la peur, de la rue de Rivoli au Caf\u00e9 de D\u00f4me, de la coquetterie \u00e0 l'angoisse, de chez elle au Parc Montsouris, Cl\u00e9o vit quatre-vingt-dix minutes particuli\u00e8res. Son amant, son musicien, une amie puis un soldat lui ouvrent les yeux sur le monde.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k6i46qdrSrChHzCBhxByxb9xkwk.jpg", "actors": ["Corinne Marchand (Florence 'Cl\u00e9o' Victoire)", "Antoine Bourseiller (Antoine)", "Dominique Davray (Ang\u00e8le)", "Doroth\u00e9e Blanck (Doroth\u00e9e)", "Michel Legrand (Bob, the Pianist)", "Jos\u00e9 Luis de Vilallonga (The Lover)", "Loye Payen (Irma)", "Anna Karina (Actress in Silent Film)", "Jean-Luc Godard (Actor in Silent Film)", "Ren\u00e9e Duchateau ()", "Lucienne Marchand (La conductrice du taxi)", "Serge Korber (Plumitif)", "Robert Postec (Docteur Valineau)", "Jean-Claude Brialy (L'infirmier)", "Emilienne Caille (La fianc\u00e9e noire)", "Raymond Cauchetier (Raoul)", "Jean Champion (Le patron du caf\u00e9)", "Eddie Constantine (L'arroseur)", "Georges de Beauregard (Le conducteur du corbillard et de l'ambulance)", "Dani\u00e8le Delorme (La vendeuse de fleurs)", "Fernande Engler (La fille au caf\u00e9)", "Sami Frey (Le croque-mort)", "Yves Robert (Le vendeur de mouchoirs)", "Alan Scott (Le marin)", "Jean-Pierre Taste (Le gar\u00e7on de caf\u00e9)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "When I think of interesting filmmakers, the world over, whose movies are always a pleasure to watch, I thank God every day for Agn\u00e8s Varda. I had her '4 Films by' Criterion boxed set, seemingly forever, left unwatched, and I don't really know why. Perhaps I felt her films wouldn't excite me enough, I don't know. I certainly enjoy foreign, and French, filmmaking enough. Maybe it was because she was female, I don't know. I hope not, but I'm simply being honest. Sometimes I'm apprehensive about starting to investigate the works of a director who's different from me: Female, non-English, non-Caucasian. I think it's difficult for me to start, because I'm afraid that I won't be able to fully emphasize with their sphere of reference, and thus won't be able to either appreciate or enjoy the filmic experience as much as I should. Once I start, and watch that first film I see of theirs, I'm fine. But until that point, it's truly a challenge.\r\n\r\nMy university library had her two recent critically-acclaimed films, 'The Gleaners and I' and its sequel, on one DVD, and one of my favourite critics, Roger Ebert, had made a 'Great Movie' article about the original. So I gave that series a viewing, each film a separate night, and I fell in love with her as a person, and found that her films were not going to be a challenge for me at all. Thus I then turned to my previously-imposing, aforementioned boxed set, and went through it chronologically.\r\n\r\nThis, the second film of the set, was extraordinary, basically a real-time cinematic exercise of a lady who is waiting for the results of a biopsy, and thus wondering if her quality of life is going to be seriously challenged or not. In it, as I've found in all of her films so far, there's an extraordinary visual flair, a great and natural storytelling facility present, and you can really tell that Varda both loves people and is glad to be alive, and it shows in everything she does. If you are in a similar boat, and are reluctant to investigate Varda's works, please do yourself a favour and don't hesitate any longer. Appreciate this extraordinary woman and her work while she is still alive. You will never be the same."}], "recommandations_id": [4495, 15244, 778, 44018]}