{"tmdb_id": 50008, "title": "Citizen Welles", "original_title": "RKO 281", "slug_title": "citizen-welles", "date": "1999-11-20", "genre": ["Histoire / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9barquant \u00e0 Hollywood en 1940 avec une r\u00e9putation de g\u00e9nie, gr\u00e2ce au succ\u00e8s de son canular radiophonique La guerre des mondes, le jeune Orson Welles n'arrive pas \u00e0 trouver le sujet de son premier long m\u00e9trage. Or, tout Hollywood attend de lui un chef-d\u2019\u0153uvre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vpmgVnESA8inkZmyWCN3MIx7y6K.jpg", "actors": ["Liev Schreiber (Orson Welles)", "James Cromwell (William Randolph Hearst)", "Melanie Griffith (Marion Davies)", "John Malkovich (Herman Mankiewicz)", "Brenda Blethyn (Louella Parsons)", "Roy Scheider (George Schaefer)", "Liam Cunningham (Gregg Toland)", "David Suchet (Louis B. Mayer)", "Fiona Shaw (Hedda Hopper)", "Anastasia Hille (Carole Lombard)", "Roger Allam (Walt Disney)", "Simeon Andrews (John Houseman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gurre", "content": "RKO 281 is a very underrated movie I haven't seen alot of people talking about. It's based in part upon the real-life story of the behind the scenes of Orson Welles' Citizen Kane, and in part of the documentary The Battle over Citizen Kane that made as a part of The American Experience.\r\n\r\nOrson Welles (Liev Schreiber) has been offered a carte blanche-contract with RKO after his legendary War of the Worlds broadcast, however he has troubles coming up with a picture, and he lacks inspiration. One night, at a party hosted by newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (James Cromwell) he finds the inspiration. He wants to make a movie about this powerful man. He and writer Herman Mankeweizc (John Malkovich) starts writing the screenplay and Citizen Kane gets into production. When the movie is near completion, Hearst gets the information that Citizen Kane is about him (and not the most flattering portrait either) so he is determined to have the film destroyed. He blackmails the studio-bosses in Hollywood to buy the filmnegative... and burn it...\r\n\r\nHonestly, I find this movie much more interesting and BETTER than Citizen Kane itself. Although I love that movie, I find this so much better! A compelling, well-written film (with a kind of downbeat ending) that keeps your (atleast my) attention all the way through. The highlight of the film for me is when Welles is filming Kane! Great re-creation of the sets in Kane, the details are just right! The actors do a good job at portraying their characters and it's well-directed. \r\n\r\nTo fully appreciate this movie, you have to watch Citizen Kane first. If you have already seen Citizen Kane, then go right ahead and watch RKO 281! Highly recommended!\r\n\r\nI give it a 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [16800, 36826, 51182, 57680], "youtube_key": "notfound"}