{"tmdb_id": 500, "title": "Reservoir Dogs", "original_title": "Reservoir Dogs", "slug_title": "reservoir-dogs", "date": "1992-09-02", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s un hold-up manqu\u00e9, des cambrioleurs de haut vol font leurs comptes dans une confrontation violente, pour d\u00e9couvrir lequel d'entre eux les a trahis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9rHkQllIFW7O9xRhJkZG8yeKG6m.jpg", "actors": ["Harvey Keitel (Mr. White / Larry Dimmick)", "Tim Roth (Mr. Orange / Freddy Newandyke)", "Michael Madsen (Mr. Blonde / Vic Vega)", "Chris Penn (\"Nice Guy\" Eddie Cabot)", "Steve Buscemi (Mr. Pink)", "Lawrence Tierney (Joe Cabot)", "Randy Brooks (Detective Holdaway)", "Kirk Baltz (Officer Marvin Nash)", "Edward Bunker (Mr. Blue)", "Quentin Tarantino (Mr. Brown)", "Rich Turner (Sheriff #1)", "David Steen (Sheriff #2)", "Tony Cosmo (Sheriff #3)", "Stevo Polyi (Sheriff #4)", "Michael Sottile (Teddy)", "Robert Ruth (Shot Cop)", "Lawrence Bender (Young Cop)", "Linda Kaye (Shocked Woman)", "Suzanne Celeste (Shot Woman)", "Steven Wright (K-Billy DJ (voice))", "Laurie Lathem (Background Radio Play (voice))", "Maria Strova (Background Radio Play (voice))", "Burr Steers (Background Radio Play (voice))", "Craig Hamann (Background Radio Play (voice))", "Rowland Wafford (Diner Patron (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This unique take on the heist-film-gone-wrong was excellent--stylish and intelligently made, yet very funny and inexpensive. Tarantino's accolades from giving American cinema the resuscitation it needed mirrors what has happened, at least since the 70's, with Martin Scorsese's 'Mean Streets', both in terms of entertaining violence and usage of music in the scoring of films. I greatly thank Harvey Keitel for taking a chance on Tarantino back then--It paid off in spades."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "The cuss-oriented squabbles of lowlife crooks for 99 minutes (and no women)\r\n\t\r\nRELEASED IN 1992 and written/directed by Quentin Tarantino, \"Reservoir Dogs\u201d is a crime drama/thriller about a diamond heist gone disastrously wrong in Los Angeles wherein the surviving thugs bicker back-and-forth in a warehouse about which of their members is a police informant. The main thieves are played by Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Steve Buscemi, Michael Madsen and Chris Penn while Lawrence Tierney appears as the old salt mastermind.\r\n\r\nThis was Tarantino\u2019s first feature film, costing only $1,200,000, and it has quirky glimmerings of future greatness, as seen in \u201cPulp Fiction\u201d (1994), \u201cJackie Brown\u201d (1997), \u201cKill Bill\u201d (2003/2004), \u201cInglourious Basterds\u201d (2009) and \u201cDjango Unchained\u201d (2012), but \u201cReservoir\u201d didn\u2019t work for me. It\u2019s hampered by a low-budget vibe, which I can handle, but not the uninteresting lowlife characters, their self-made conundrum, their interminably dull dialogue and the one-dimensional setting where about 80% of the story takes place in an old warehouse, not to mention no females in the main cast.\r\n\r\nStill, it\u2019s interesting to observe Tarantino\u2019s first serious stab at filmmaking and it has its moments of genuine entertainment. It\u2019s a lesson on humble beginnings, which shows potential while not being up to snuff.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 39 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles & Burbank.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [184, 103, 393, 769]}