{"tmdb_id": 50153, "title": "L'homme de la plan\u00e8te X", "original_title": "The Man from Planet X", "slug_title": "l-homme-de-la-planete-x", "date": "1951-04-27", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller / Romance", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Alors que des scientifiques du monde entier ont d\u00e9couvert la future probable collision d'une nouvelle plan\u00e8te, encore inconnue dans le syst\u00e8me solaire, avec la Terre, le Professeur Elliot s'\u00e9tablit sur l'\u00eele \u00e9cossaise de Burray pour \u00e9tudier le ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne.Peu apr\u00e8s son arriv\u00e9e, la fille du Professeur Elliot d\u00e9couvre une \u00e9trange capsule en forme de cloche de plong\u00e9e, \u00e0 la vitre de laquelle elle aper\u00e7oit un visage qui la terrifie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/K7YtkAVvAbR1tWyofRjRJjsf88.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Clarke (John Lawrence)", "Margaret Field (Enid Elliot)", "Raymond Bond (Prof. Elliot)", "William Schallert (Dr. Mears)", "Roy Engel (Tommy the Constable)", "David Ormont (Inspector Porter)", "Gilbert Fallman (Dr. Robert Blane)", "Pat Goldin (The Man from Planet X)", "Tom Daly (Donal, a searcher)", "June Jeffery (Wife of Missing Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Knowledge would only bring more fear in a world already filled with it.\r\n\r\nA planet is orbiting dangerously close to planet Earth and a mysterious spaceship has landed on the Scottish Moors...\r\n\r\nFriend or Foe?\r\n\r\nBreaking it down you find that The Man from Planet X is a standard sci-fi movie that would often be bettered the longer the 1950s boom of sci-fi films continued. However, this is in no way a bad thing given the guile and craft that went into making it a picture of worth.\r\n\r\nEdgar G. Ulmer and his crew are armed with a $100 budget (exageration of course, but you understand I'm sure) and almost make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. Working with old sets that were used on Joan of Arc (1948), the pic is a lesson in low budget film making of note. Ulmer brings a plethora of fog and mists to cloak the sets, while he shoots his cast in low lights and shadows to ensure his sci-fi tale never has a chance to be found out as a cheapie.\r\n\r\nAs it happens the story is decent enough. Alien visitor from a dying planet needs something, but what? He can't communicate vocally and of course the humans meeting the visitor have different agendas. There's some suspense, a little bit of nutty science, and even some sexual flirtations. All in all a good solid sci-fi picture, one that showcases the unheralded skills of its director. And not even a papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 headed alien can under value that fact. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52196, 36521, 69780, 31980]}