{"tmdb_id": 501619, "title": "Thalaivasal", "original_title": "\u0ba4\u0bb2\u0bc8\u0bb5\u0bbe\u0b9a\u0bb2\u0bcd", "slug_title": "thalaivasal", "date": "1992-09-03", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Nachiappan College is considered to be one of the worst college of Chennai; everyday violence erupts between two final-year groups. The students are influenced by the local bigwig Beeda Settu, who sells ganja to the students and basically rules the college from outside. The first group is led by Sudhakar whereas the other one is led by Kalaiarasan. The college management and the police get tired of that situation. They decide that they need to change the principal. The vice-president, Chandran, dies to sit in that post but the college management asks the successful Shanmugasundaram  to take the post. His daughter Shobana will study in the same college. The rest of the story is how Shanmugasundaram succeeds in his mission.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["S. P. Balasubramaniam (Shanmugasundaram)", "Anand (Sudhakar)", "Sivaranjani (Shobana)", "Nassar (Beeda Settu)", "Napoleon (Chandran)", "S. N. Vasanth (Gupta)", "Thalaivasal Vijay (Babu)", "Vichitra (Madippu Hamsa)", "Sabitha Anand (Saradha)", "Vaishnavi (Anandhi)", "Mahanadhi Shobana (Meena)", "Bhanu Prakash (Kalaiarasan)", "Swaminathan ()", "Vincent Roy ()", "Anand Krishnamoorthi ()", "M. R. Krishnamurthy ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "C53rMKV6-88"}