{"tmdb_id": 502070, "title": "Super Da", "original_title": "Super Da", "slug_title": "super-da", "date": "2004-06-25", "genre": ["Action / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kathirvel comes to the city to live with his friend Subramani. While Reshma is a soft-spoken college student, her mother Gangamma is an heartless lady rowdy. Rahul, a college student, falls in love with Reshma at the first sight. Reshma also loves him but to save Rahul's life, she tries to avoid him. Finally, Reshma accepts his love. Gangamma, knowing their love affair, hurts heavily Rahul in front of Kathirvel and Subramani and they reached Rahul to the nearby hospital. Reshma insults Kathirvel for being passive during the attack and Kathirvel tells his tragic past to Reshma. In the past, Kathirvel was in love with Reshma's sister Meenakshi. They So Gangamma tried to kill Kathirvel but Meenakshi intervened and was accidentally by her mother. Before her death, Kathirvel promised Meenakshi to not kill her mother. Kathirvel is now determined to unite the lovers. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3RFrLne8UTzNmrmu3yQXELrQfKe.jpg", "actors": ["Ramki (Kathirvel)", "Kunal (Rahul)", "Livingston (Subramani)", "Telangana Sakuntala (Gangamma)", "Paravai Muniyamma (Muniyamma)", "Senthil ()", "Vaiyapuri ()", "Ambika ()", "Anuradha ()", "Shakeela (Meera Krishnan)", "Abhinaya Sri ()", "Sharmily (Sarasu)", "Ponnambalam ()", "Balu Anand ()", "Anu Mohan ()", "Uday Prakash ()", "Aravind Akash ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "S02Urx-Cugk"}