{"tmdb_id": 502241, "title": "Lincoln Lake Giants", "original_title": "Lincoln Lake Giants", "slug_title": "lincoln-lake-giants", "date": "2010-10-30", "genre": ["Aventure / Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Lincoln Lake Giants is a story about climbing in the high country of Colorado. Mt. Evans is  a world renowned bouldering destination and the newest development has been at Lincoln Lake  near the summit of the 14,000ft Mountain. Chapter 1: our heroes brave the rugged tundra of Mt. Evans to clash heatedly with the most inspiring blocks of granite they can find. Unbeknownst to them, large, ill-spirited residents of the lake lurk nearby. Chapter 2: our heroes seek boulders to conquer, mauling their skin and spilling blood on the way to their noble achievements!  Chapter 3 portrays our heroes slaying yet more classic boulders! Sadly, the slayers become the slain, as a Giant begins terrorizing them. Much blood is shed from our heroes\u2019 toned bodies. Their deaths arrive awash in honor, ridden with glory. In Chapter 4, our two remaining climbers experience a massive resurgence of psych, even in the wake of their friends\u2019 atrocious murders. The surrounding boulders are simply too enticing.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3IhTOobisIm23OdQp6nCv8AbF8B.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Jorgeson ()", "Carlo Traversi ()", "Jon Glassberg ()", "David Tucker ()", "David Wetmore ()", "Jonny Hork ()", "Jordan Shipman ()", "Max Zolotukhin ()", "Ryan Silven ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}