{"tmdb_id": 502980, "title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 2 The Hollywood Years Pt. I 1956-1961 & Pt. II 1962-1969", "original_title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 2 The Hollywood Years Pt. I 1956-1961 & Pt. II 1962-1969", "slug_title": "the-definitive-elvis-25th-anniversary-vol-2-the-hollywood-years-pt-i-1956-1961-pt-ii-1962-1969", "date": "2002-02-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Part I: 1956-1961 Love Me Tender, Jailhouse Rock, King Creole, Blue Hawaii...These are a few Elvis Presley movies you will encounter as you look behind the scenes of Elvis' early movie career. Hear untold stories from producers, directors and co-stars who were on the set. Be there as Elvis gets his best acting notices, only to be put on hold when he is drafted. Witness Elvis' triumphant return to Hollywood for G.I. Blues and Blue Hawaii.  Part II: 1962-1969 Blue Hawaii set the tone for may lightweight films to come for Elvis. Those who worked on these films share their stories including costars Deborah Walley, Sheree North, Billy Barty, Stella Stevens, Diane McBaine, Mary Ann Mobley, Celeste Yarmall, and Ann-Margret. You'll see clips and rare photos from movies such as Follow That Dream, Fun In Acapulco, The Trouble with Girls, and Change of Habit. You'll learn the truth about \"A Star Is Born\" movie that would've changed Elvis' movie career as told by Barbara Streisand.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2t4lGhBJ5eFtCHsJ3PQaYbrEFKK.jpg", "actors": ["Elvis Presley (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}