{"tmdb_id": 503020, "title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 5 The Many Loves Of Elvis & The Intimate Loves Of Elvis", "original_title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 5 The Many Loves Of Elvis & The Intimate Loves Of Elvis", "slug_title": "the-definitive-elvis-25th-anniversary-vol-5-the-many-loves-of-elvis-the-intimate-loves-of-elvis", "date": "2002-02-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In The Many Loves of Elvis you'll hear how Elvis dated every woman in his life, kept their affection and devotion, while seeing other women. You'll hear how the Memphis Mafia kept one girl on the back burner in a attempt to keep them separated. You'll hear from costars and friends about how it was like to live a world where Elvis' dates walked through an ever revolving door.  The Intimate Loves of Elvis explores what it was like to be close to Elvis. You'll hear from woman who knew Elvis best. From his private thoughts, darkest fears, and his deepest desires. The intimate Loves of Elvis covers the Rock 'n' Roll image, then dives into the soul of a man who was adored by millions, but whose loneliness threatened to consume him. You'll hear from the likes of Barbara Leigh, Sheila Ryan, Mindy Miller, Ann-Margret, & Linda Thompson. The women who loved the man behind the myth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kXDmP1PMCrXcxDU1EKzQ5TVGX6t.jpg", "actors": ["Elvis Presley (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}