{"tmdb_id": 503012, "title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 4 Elvis & Priscilla & Elvis & The Colonel", "original_title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 4 Elvis & Priscilla & Elvis & The Colonel", "slug_title": "the-definitive-elvis-25th-anniversary-vol-4-elvis-priscilla-elvis-the-colonel", "date": "2002-02-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "During his army years Elvis met the 14 year old Priscilla Beaulieu while stationed in Germany. This volume: Elvis & Priscilla takes a deep look into the private lives of the most misunderstood & controversial couples in the history of entertainment. For the first time unheard stories are told by Joe Esposito, Jerry Schilling, Sonny West, Larry Geller, Bill Medley, Glen Campbell, Sandy Martindale, and George Barris. Find out what really went on behind closed doors in this reveling hour.  Was Colonel Tom Parker the best thing that happened to Elvis Presley or was he simply a greedy, money making madman who kept Elvis from fulfilling him dream of becoming a serious actor? No other relationship in Elvis' life was as controversial or misunderstood. Joe Esposito, Loanne Parker, George Klein, Richard Davis, Glen Campbell, Hugh O'Brien, & Eddie Arnold clear up the misconceptions, half truths, and all out lies.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/43S3btoxGFQQr80AAHDwINhtJcL.jpg", "actors": ["Elvis Presley (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}