{"tmdb_id": 503380, "title": "Kalyana Vaibhogam", "original_title": "\u0b95\u0bb2\u0bcd\u0baf\u0bbe\u0ba3 \u0bb5\u0bc8\u0baa\u0bcb\u0b95\u0bae\u0bcd", "slug_title": "kalyana-vaibhogam", "date": "1997-09-05", "genre": ["Familial / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ramya and Shanthi are step-sisters. Ramya is arrogant while Shanthi is soft-spoken and sensitive. Sakthi is a writer and Shanthi is Sakthi's avid fan and sends him letters every week anonymously, she is in love with him. Sakthi really likes her letters,decides to meet her and he is eager to confess his love. Sakthi misunderstoods that the anonymous fan is Ramya. Later, Sakthi and Ramya fall in love with each other. By luck, Ramya becomes a model, and thereafter her popularity grows rapidly. Sakthi and Ramya decide to get married whereas the heartbroken Shanthi remained silent. The day of the wedding, Ramya runs away with dreams of being a cinema actress and Ramya asks him to wait for him. Feeling betrayed, Sakthi cannot accept it and he finally gets married with Shanthi. They live happily until Ramya comes back. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wFPKON5f4HYuGm1s3KEcmkjc39e.jpg", "actors": ["Ramki (Sakthi)", "Sangita (Shanti)", "Khushboo (Ramya)", "Vadivelu (Jacky)", "R. Sundarrajan (Ganesan)", "V. K. Ramasamy ()", "Venniradai Moorthy (Ramu)", "Vijay Krishnaraj (Rajasekhar)", "Kavitha (Kavitha)", "Khaja Sharif ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}