{"tmdb_id": 503663, "title": "Irattai Roja", "original_title": "\u0b87\u0bb0\u0b9f\u0bcd\u0b9f\u0bc8 \u0bb0\u0bcb\u0b9c\u0bbe", "slug_title": "irattai-roja", "date": "1996-04-05", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Uma marries Balu, an honest civil engineer. Uma thinks that he is rich and receives lot of bribes but turns out Balu is from the middle-class like her. Uma is a miser and dreams to become rich. After few years, they have two children. In the meantime, Priya, the daughter of Balu's boss Rajasekhar, falls in love with Balu and asks him to marry her unaware of Balu's marriage and his two children. Balu refuses to marry her as he was already married but she compels him. When Priya meets Uma, she offers her one crore rupees in exchange for marrying Balu. Uma immediately agrees and she starts forcing Balu for remarriage. Finally, Balu agrees with heavy heart as Uma threatens to commit suicide. Soon, Balu also starts falling in love with Priya. Uma slowly realizes her mistake and wants to get Balu back. The rest of the story is what happen to Balu, Uma and Priya.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7InpRGfyIWSNMbqAQoNOGLhh7qq.jpg", "actors": ["Ramki (Balu)", "Urvashi (Uma)", "Khushboo (Priya)", "Kavitha (Uma's Mother)", "Suhasini Maniratnam (Geetha)", "Srividhya (Advocate)", "Venniradai Moorthy (Uma's father)", "Chinni Jayanth ()", "Pandu ()", "Thiyagu ()", "Anuja ()", "Shakeela ()", "Sharmily ()", "M. R. Krishnamurthy ()", "Oru Viral Krishna Rao ()", "Junior Balaiya ()", "Swaminathan ()", "Disco Shanti ()", "Ajay Rathnam ()", "Visu (Cameo)", "Sridevi Vijayakumar (Baby Sridevi)", "Rajasekar ()", "Premi ()", "Prameela ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}