{"tmdb_id": 50372, "title": "C.C. and Company", "original_title": "C.C. and Company", "slug_title": "c-c-and-company", "date": "1970-10-14", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g1ZtjoecUV1g6V6RKdjnRlSbMS1.jpg", "actors": ["Joe Namath (C.C. Ryder)", "Ann-Margret (Ann McCalley)", "William Smith (Moon)", "Jennifer Billingsley (Pom Pom)", "Sid Haig (Crow)", "Bruce Glover (Captain Midnight)", "Mike Battle (Rabbit)", "Greg Mullavey (Lizard)", "Teda Bracci (Pig)", "Don Chastain (Eddie Ellis)", "Kiva Kelly (Tandalaya)", "Jacquie Rohr (Zit-Zit)", "Bonnie Emerson (Model)", "Paula Warner (Model)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bensonmum2", "content": "C.C. Ryder (Joe Namath), a motorcycle mechanic, is a somewhat reluctant member of an outlaw biker gang known as The Head. By accident, he meets a fashion photographer, Ann McCalley (Ann-Margret), and saves her from the other members of his gang. C.C. falls for Ann, but realizes he'll have to leave the gang if he is to win her over. C.C. enters and wins a dirt bike race, giving him the funds he needs to strike out on his own and pursue Ann. But gang leader Moon (William Smith) doesn't see it that way. He wants C.C.'s money for his own and goes after Ann to prove his point. C.C. will have to defeat Moon if he is to be free of The Head.\r\n\r\nGiven its relatively poor online reputation, I'm as shocked as anyone by how much I enjoyed C.C. and Company. The movie just clicked with me and worked quite nicely. Director Seymour Robbie may have been mainly a television director, but I felt he handled this transition to film very professionally. C.C. and Company is well-paced with plenty of sight gags and fight scenes that work as intended. For example, the scene where C.C. steals the dirt bike is really cleverly handled. The shot of him towing the dirt bike behind his chopper was a real kick. As for fight scenes, the fight between C.C. and Moon in the creek is really well choreographed and filmed. It's a solid action piece. Robbie also manages to throw in some menacing set-pieces, none more so than the kidnap of Ann. Again, nicely done.\r\n\r\nThe acting in C.C. and Company is also a highlight. I wasn't expecting much from Namath, but he gives a reasonably competent performance. In a lot of scenes he's not asked to do much more than sit on his bike and smile, but when challenged, he's more than capable. Ann-Margret is Ann-Margret and gives the performance you expect. The chemistry she had with Namath seemed natural and easy. The real star for me, however, is William Smith. He plays Moon as a hulking, menacing presence capable of snapping at a moment's notice. He's always struck me as a wonderful actor and, here, he really gets a chance to shine. \r\n\r\nAs I said near the start of this, I enjoyed C.C. and Company more than most. I was entertained throughout and that's all I ask of a film. A solid 7/10 from me."}], "recommandations_id": []}