{"tmdb_id": 504032, "title": "Aathma", "original_title": "\u0b86\u0ba4\u0bcd\u0bae\u0bbe", "slug_title": "aathma", "date": "1993-07-30", "genre": ["Action / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Raghu, an atheist archaeologist, and his father goes to an isolated village for research, his father disappears mysteriously and Raghu finds out a strange prophecy : God will come to earth on Purnima day at the Nagakali Amman temple and the people who will submerge completely under the waterfall near the temple will be cured of any disease. His colleague Pathma informs her blind Journalist  friend Divya and the news reaches the public. Pathma is in love with Naveen, in the final stages of cancer. Soon, an atheist terrorist group, led by Saravanan, try to destroy the temple. Saravanan's sister and brother-in-law were brutally killed by the temple's donor. Police officer Hari, Divya's brother, is charged with eradicating the terrorist group. Pathma believes in this prophecy, gets married to Naveen and takes him to the temple. Divya compels Hari to come with him to restore her sight and he agrees. A race against the clock starts.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Rahman (Raghu)", "Gautami Tadimalla (Divya)", "Ramki (Saravanan/Vignesh)", "Kasturi Shankar (Uma)", "Vinodini (Padhma)", "Riyaz Khan (Naveen)", "Vaani ()", "Vijayachander (Raghu's father and Nagalinga Siddhar)", "Senthil (Meiyappan)", "Vikas Rishi (Vikas)", "Vimalraj Ganesan (Nambiyatri)", "Sathyapriya (Naveen's mother)", "Sangeetha (Saravanan's Sister)", "Surekha ()", "Venniradai Moorthy (Kattabomman)", "A. K. Veerasamy (Esakki Muthu)", "Chinni Jayanth (Erimalai)", "R.S. Shivaji (Shiva)", "Subbu Panchu (Anil)", "LIC Narasimhan ()", "Thideer Kannaiya ()", "Thalapathi Dinesh ()", "Vichitra ()", "C. R. Vijayakumari (Guhai amma)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}