{"tmdb_id": 505273, "title": "Love Movie", "original_title": "Liebesfilm", "slug_title": "love-movie", "date": "2018-06-29", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Lenz is a daydreamer. Charming, visionary and \u2013 as it is good manners for a thirty-year-old in Berlin \u2013 radically incapable of decision making. After an intense party night, Lenz wakes up next to Ira, completely deranged. Lenz is in love. As well as Ira. The summer of love begins: fooling through the nights of Berlin, beers at the canal, talks about sex and childhood. Everything is beautiful. Up until the moment when Ira asks this one question that changes everything: \u201eDo you want to have kids?\u201c Now is the time for Lenz to do what he knows best, when things get tricky. He runs off. Anchorless, he stumbles through the summer and has to take up with the heroes of his daydreams, who keep examining him about his feelings. Meanwhile, his friend Kenn covers Lenz with affectionate incomprehension. When autumn arrives, Ira eventually confronts Lenz and he has to face the big \u201cwhatsoever\u201d.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5eXXK8WjIVXS86SkGm0kJotFH0x.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Klotzsch (Lenz)", "Lana Cooper (Ira)", "Gerdy Zint (Kenn)", "Hartmut Becker (Lenz Senior)", "Sabine Vitua (Irene)", "Roger Bonjour (Oliver)", "Matthias Lier (Benno)", "Judith Neumann (Anna)", "Katharina Sporrer (Cara)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}