{"tmdb_id": 505383, "title": "Regan", "original_title": "Regan", "slug_title": "regan", "date": "1974-06-04", "genre": ["Action / Crime / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Rough, tough and politically incorrect in the way that only the best 70's dramas can be, Regan was a pilot film for The Sweeney - one of the major television successes of the last fifty years. fetauring John Thaw as the irascible Detective Inspector Regan and Dennis Waterman as his loyal 'oppo' detective sergeant Carter, Regan was an immediate critical and ratings hit, resulting in four series of The Sweeney and two successful feature films.  Jack Regan is a good copper, but his tough, intuitive style is becoming unfashionable in a Scotland Yard seeking a new image. When a policeman is mysteriously murdered, Regan breaks all the rules to find the killer - but he finds there are men in the Flying Squad prepared to break him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8xGqjLnWavShNOCb4yF8wRjCRLH.jpg", "actors": ["John Thaw (Det. Insp. Jack Regan)", "Dennis Waterman (Det. Sgt George Carter)", "Garfield Morgan (Det. Chief Insp. Haskins)", "Lee Montague (Arthur Dale)", "David Daker (Tusser)", "Maureen Lipman (Annie)", "Janet Key (Kate Regan)", "Morris Perry (Det. Chief Supt. Maynon)", "Stephen Yardley (Det. Insp. Laker)", "Barry Jackson (Morton)", "Miquel Brown (Miriam)", "Peter Blythe (Peter)", "Carl Rigg (Det. Sgt. Kent)", "Michael De Costa (South)", "Ron Pember (Landlord)", "Jonathan Elsom (Interviewer)", "Betty Woolfe (Mrs Berry)", "Seymour Matthews (Doctor)", "Don Henderson (Strip Club Heavy)", "Nancy Gabrielle (Johno's Wife)", "Del Baker (Det. Sgt. Cowley)", "Peter Brayham (Edward Grenfell (uncredited))", "Josie Grant (Woman in Pub (uncredited))", "Joe Griffiths (Miriam's Pianist (uncredited))", "Peter Hannon (Detective (uncredited))", "Helen Keating (Busty Woman in Pub (uncredited))", "Jim O'Brady (Man in Pub (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}