{"tmdb_id": 50637, "title": "Alias Boston Blackie", "original_title": "Alias Boston Blackie", "slug_title": "alias-boston-blackie", "date": "1942-04-02", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "It is the Christmas Holidays and reformed thief, Boston Blackie goes to Castle Theater to pick up players who will perform for prisoners that are still in prison. He takes a girl with him who has a brother already in prison. She has visited the prison twice in the month, so is not suppose to visit again. However when the group is completed the girl is included as well as Inspector Farrady. One of the clowns in the show is kidnapped and replaced by a con who wants to get even with two ex-partners. Boston Blackie figures out that a con has replaced one of his clowns but is unable to stop him. Blackie's clothes are stolen and a murder is committed. Of course, the Inspector immediately suspects Blackie of being involved. Now it is Blackie's job to find the killer, exonerate himself and help the girl free her brother.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a66NmQXZHQjVKCduabsqN1IPUkN.jpg", "actors": ["Chester Morris (Boston Blackie)", "Adele Mara (Eve Sanders)", "Richard Lane (Inspector Farraday)", "George E. Stone (The Runt)", "Lloyd Corrigan (Arthur Manleder)", "Walter Sande (Detective Mathews)", "Larry Parks (Joe Trilby)", "George McKay (Roggi McKay)", "Cy Kendall (Jumbo Madigan)", "Paul Fix (Steve Caveroni)", "Ben Taggart (Warden)", "Ernie Adams (Pop - Stage Doorman)", "Lloyd Bridges (Bus Driver)", "Edmund Cobb (Police Dispatcher Sergeant)", "Harry Depp (Mr. Jones - Hotel Desk Clerk)", "Mike Donovan (Policeman)", "Lester Dorr (Henry - Desk Clerk)", "Bud Geary (Policeman)", "Kit Guard (Taxi Driver)", "Dave Harper (Policeman)", "Al Herman (Guard)", "George Hickman (Elevator Boy)", "Dick Jensen (Martin - Driver of Squad Car 29)", "William Lally (Policeman)", "Eddie Laughton (Ambulance Driver)", "James T. Mack (Bill - Manleder's Valet)", "Teddy Mangean (Singing Telegram Boy #1)", "Sidney Miller (Herman - Bellhop)", "Eileen O'Hearn (Hotel Maid)", "Lee Prather (Guard Counting Guests)", "Frank Richards (Mack - Prisoner Next to Joe)", "Francis Sayles (Laundry Proprietor)", "Walter Soderling (Dr. Crane)", "Cyril Thornton (Meggs - Manleder's Chauffeur)", "Duke York (Johnson - Policeman in Squad Car 29)", "Suzanne Ridgeway (Chorus Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [180135, 90149, 188996, 121259], "youtube_key": "notfound"}