{"tmdb_id": 5065, "title": "Continuez Cowboy", "original_title": "Carry On Cowboy", "slug_title": "continuez-cowboy", "date": "1965-11-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Stodge City est sous l'emprise de la Rumpo Kid et sa bande. identit\u00e9 Mistaken reprend une main comme un \u00ab ing\u00e9nieur sanitaire \u00bb (plombier) par le nom du Marshal P. Knutt est pris pour un mar\u00e9chal de loi! \u00catre le genre de conscience, le mar\u00e9chal essaie d'aider la ville \u00e0 se d\u00e9barrasser de Rumpo, et une \u00e9preuve de force est in\u00e9vitable. Le mar\u00e9chal a deux aides - vengeance \u00e0 la recherche Annie Oakley et son expertise sanitaire", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AtrxYQrFKAUTMdijCPNWZXJQCPc.jpg", "actors": ["Sid James (Johnny Finger, the Rumpo Kid)", "Jim Dale (Marshal P. Knutt)", "Angela Douglas (Annie Oakley)", "Kenneth Williams (Judge Burke)", "Charles Hawtrey (Chief Big Heap)", "Joan Sims (Belle Armitage)", "Bernard Bresslaw (Little Heap)", "Peter Butterworth (Doc)", "Percy Herbert (Charlie, the Bartender)", "Jon Pertwee (Sheriff Albert Earp)", "Sydney Bromley (Sam Houston)", "Edina Ronay (Dolores)", "Lionel Murton (Clerk)", "Peter Gilmore (Henchman Curly)", "Davy Kaye (Josh the Undertaker)", "Alan Gifford (Commissioner)", "Margaret Nolan (Miss Jones)", "Bryan Mosley (Rider (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Rumpo Kid and the parody supreme.\r\n\r\nWhen Judge Burke sends for help to rid Stodge City of The Rumpo Kid and his gang of trouble makers, he's delighted to hear that he is being sent a trained Marshall. Trouble is is that it's Marshall P. Knutt, a trained sanitary engineer.\r\n\r\nIn 1964 the \"Carry On\" team has ventured into their first parody of the movies with Carry On Cleo. A huge success, and arguably the best film of the lot to many fans, it prompted the Thomas/Rogers/Rothwell team to believe that movie pastiche's was the way forward for the franchise. Enter Carry On Cowboy a year later. With a knowing of the genre and all its conventions, screenwriter Talbot Rothwell produced one of the better parodies to have ever been made. The stock cartoon fervour and cheeky asides still exist, but Carry On Cowboy is a more leaner, even darker \"Carry On\" than any of the others film's in the series. In its own right, with out the \"Carry On\" name attached, it's a fine comedy, with dashes of violence and even a revenge thread running thru it (courtesy of the gorgeous Angela Douglas as Annie Oakley). It's also one of the few film's in the series to demand a bit more from its actors outside of guffaw jinx and innuendos. Sid James, Kenneth Williams and Joan Sims rise to the challenge, happy in the knowledge that Jim Dale and Charles Hawtrey were there to grab (and get) the laughs. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32109, 26327, 19293, 24568], "youtube_key": "AG5-ro86Em0"}