{"tmdb_id": 50671, "title": "La Locataire", "original_title": "The Resident", "slug_title": "la-locataire", "date": "2011-02-10", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Une femme m\u00e9decin emm\u00e9nage dans un loft \u00e0 Brooklyn, mais rapidement elle se sent \u00e9pi\u00e9e, elle se rend alors compte que son propri\u00e9taire la suit partout...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2jO9rxa6XbpIZVDcVMm7e6TQ7Kd.jpg", "actors": ["Hilary Swank (Juliet)", "Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Max)", "Christopher Lee (August)", "Lee Pace (Jack)", "Aunjanue Ellis (Sydney)", "Sean Rosales (Carlos)", "Deborah Martinez (Mrs. Portes)", "Sheila Ivy Traister (ER Nurse (as Sheila Traister))", "Michael Showers (August ER Doctor)", "Nana Visitor (Real Estate Agent)", "Arron Shiver (Architect)", "Michael Badalucco (Moving Man)", "Michael Massee (Security Tech)", "Penny Balfour (Drug Addict)", "Mark Morocco (ER Surgeon (as Mark Vincent Morocco))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Generic Cat and Mouse Thriller.\r\n \r\nWhen young doctor Juliet Dermer (Hilary Swank) moves into a spacious New York apartment, she can\u2019t believe her luck. More so as she is attracted to her landlord, Max (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). However, something isn\u2019t quite right with the apartment and Juliet soon comes to regret having ever moved in.\r\n \r\nThere has been a number of similar thrillers over the years, the type where a humble home is turned into a nightmare by the presence of some psychopath. The Resident, in spite of some lovely technical touches, sits comfortably on auto-pilot and hopes that is enough to seal the thriller deal. Sadly it isn\u2019t!\r\n \r\nDirector Antii Jokinen and his co-writers Robert Orr and Erin Cressida Wilson have forgot to add twists and shocks to their picture. Things are further compounded by the fact that Morgan\u2019s villain (it\u2019s signposted a mile away) is about as scary as a puppy letting out its first bark.\r\n \r\nSwank gives it a good go as the woman in peril, while Christopher Lee is a reassuring presence even if he is utterly set up as a token character. The sexual violation angle feels like a lame attempt to put some horror into a standard thriller set up, while the script is wooden and kills what chance of suspense there briefly was.\r\n \r\nSome impressive cinematography and camera techniques keep it interesting to the eyes at least, but this is a waste of acting talent and a waste of time for those looking for something to chill the blood. In all honesty you would be better off renting The Tenant or Single White Female instead. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1683, 81390, 45094, 18476], "youtube_key": "flIB-e4-J-Y"}