{"tmdb_id": 506797, "title": "Thrill St. Blues", "original_title": "Thrill St. Blues", "slug_title": "thrill-st-blues", "date": "1985-02-22", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Hookers! All deliciously different and waiting for you at \u201cBelle De Balle\u2019s\u201d Thrill St. Bordello. Yes, Western Visuals\u2019 own Jerome Tanner has filled our plate with another feast of fabulously beautiful female flesh to stimulate our pelvic urges. Belle\u2019s girls are experts at separating you from your cash for their juicy secrets. That is until the arrival of \u201cFlash, the magic dork\u201d. In a flash he can stand a girl\u2019s career on its head and have his sex-stunned victim paying him for the pleasure of his sexual prowess. Another recurring threat is the \u201cHeat\u201d, who do their best to catch our girls in the act. However, in the end, lust conquers all. Flash, the hookers, the detectives and even Flash\u2019s kinky dad come together in an all out lust crazed orgy!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bBLriVRHsAYIOSPVT3FH7OoRiBH.jpg", "actors": ["Heather Wayne (Mary Lou)", "Stacey Donovan (Hooker)", "Helga Sven (Belle)", "Lana Burner (Economy Line Hooker)", "Joanna Storm (Cassandra)", "Heather Manfield (Hooker)", "Tom Byron (Boris Morris)", "Peter North (Cop)", "Marc Wallice (Cop)", "Jamie Gillis (Leroy Morris)", "Paul Thomas (Police Det. Sgt. Bill Barnes)", "Jack Baker (Guy in Line with Bottle)", "Dino Alexander (Sailor (uncredited))", "Michael Morrison (Guy Playing Cards (uncredited))", "Stacey Donovan (Hooker (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}