{"tmdb_id": 506725, "title": "Fr\u00fchlings Erwachen", "original_title": "Fr\u00fchlings Erwachen", "slug_title": "fruhlings-erwachen", "date": "1929-01-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Moritz Stiefel faces expulsion due to poor marks. When he is caught with an essay titled \u201cShame and Lust\u201d, he is indeed kicked out \u2013 instead of classmate Melchior Gabor, who actually penned it. Gabor was drawing on his experiences with neighbourhood girl Wendla. Then Wendla turns up pregnant. Stiefel descends into despair ... Exploitation between Eros and Thanatos in this \u201csexual tragedy of youth\u201d based on Frank Wedekind\u2019s play. Setting the film in the 1920s provided a chance to explore \u201cmodern\u201d youth culture, complete with cigarettes, jazz music, the gramophone, and a goodly bit of alcohol. Richard Oswald, a master of films of manners and young sex beginning in the 1910s, fully explores the temptations of the youthful body, even early childhood flirtatiousness. At the same time, with his target audience in mind, the film laments the bigotry and double standards of the adult world.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eybSd0YYI3XYTZoQn1JxymWEWhQ.jpg", "actors": ["Toni van Eyck (Wendla)", "Ita Rina (Ilse)", "Carl Ballhaus (Moritz)", "Rolf von Goth (Melchior Gabor)", "Paul Henckels (Stiefel)", "Mathilde Sussin (Mrs. Bergmann)", "Willy Clever (Fahrendorf)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}