{"tmdb_id": 50688, "title": "Isle of the Snake People", "original_title": "La muerte viviente", "slug_title": "isle-of-the-snake-people", "date": "1971-03-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "2.6/10", "synopsis": "The inhabitants of a small, remote island have been practicing voodoo rites and worshipping an evil priest named Damballah for years, but the local law officials generally turn a blind eye to this death cult's bizarre activities. Captain Labesch arrives from the mainland, determined to crack down on the island's lawlessness and clean up the ineffectual, hard-drinking police force. He appeals for assistance from wealthy plantation tycoon Carl Van Molder, who owns nearly half of the island and wields a great deal of influence over the population. Van Molder has made the study of parapsychology his life's work and believes in the secret powers of the mind. He warns Labesch not to interfere with this forgotten island's ancient ways. Also visiting is Van Molder's niece, Annabella, a temperance crusader who wants her uncle to help fund the International Anti-Saloon League. She falls in love with handsome police lieutenant Andrew Wilhelm", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3fAoduEQfivcJNjtpC7MphtIDU6.jpg", "actors": ["Boris Karloff (Carl van Molder / Damballah)", "Julissa (Anabella Vandenberg)", "Carlos East (Lt. Andrew Wilhelm)", "Rafael Bertrand (Capt. Pierre Labesch)", "Yolanda Montes (Kalea)", "Quint\u00edn Bulnes (Klinsor)", "Santan\u00f3n (Dwarf)", "Julia Marichal (Mary Ann Vandenberg)", "Quintin Miller (Gomez)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [41023, 30637], "youtube_key": "notfound"}