{"tmdb_id": 508, "title": "Love Actually", "original_title": "Love Actually", "slug_title": "love-actually", "date": "2003-09-07", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance / Drame", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "L'amour est partout, impr\u00e9visible, inexplicable, insurmontable. Il frappe quand il veut et souvent, \u00e7a fait pas mal de d\u00e9g\u00e2ts... Pour le nouveau Premier Ministre britannique, il va prendre la jolie forme d'une jeune collaboratrice. Pour l'\u00e9crivain au coeur bris\u00e9 parti se r\u00e9fugier dans le sud de la France, il surgira d'un lac. Il s'\u00e9loigne de cette femme qui, install\u00e9e dans une vie de couple ronronnante, suspecte soudain son mari de songer \u00e0 une autre. Il se cache derri\u00e8re les faux-semblants de ce meilleur ami qui aurait bien voulu \u00eatre autre chose que le t\u00e9moin du mariage de celle qu'il aime. Pour ce veuf et son beau-fils, pour cette jeune femme qui adore son coll\u00e8gue, l'amour est l'enjeu, le but, mais \u00e9galement la source d'innombrables complications. \u00c0 l'approche de No\u00ebl, \u00e0 Londres, ces vies et ces amours vont se croiser, se fr\u00f4ler et se confronter.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rJAML5icaPEkj8CU4wLHjpL4RWd.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Grant (The Prime Minister)", "Liam Neeson (Daniel)", "Colin Firth (Jamie Bennett)", "Laura Linney (Sarah)", "Emma Thompson (Karen)", "Alan Rickman (Harry)", "Keira Knightley (Juliet)", "Martine McCutcheon (Natalie)", "Bill Nighy (Billy Mack)", "Rowan Atkinson (Rufus, jewellery salesman)", "Gregor Fisher (Joe)", "Rory MacGregor (Engineer)", "Sienna Guillory (Jamie's Girlfriend)", "Lulu Popplewell (Daisy)", "Kris Marshall (Colin Frissell)", "Heike Makatsch (Mia)", "Martin Freeman (John)", "Joanna Page (Just Judy)", "Chiwetel Ejiofor (Peter)", "Andrew Lincoln (Mark)", "Nina Sosanya (Annie)", "Frank Moorey (Terence - Who's in Charge)", "Jill Freud (Pat the Housekeeper)", "Tim Hatwell (Vicar)", "Lynden David Hall (The Wedding Singer)", "The Big Blue (Church Musicians)", "Jont Whittington (Guitarist)", "Dan Fredenburgh (Jamie's Bad Brother)", "Julia Davis (Nancy the Caterer)", "Edward Hardwicke (Sam's Grandfather)", "Caroline John (Sam's Grandmother)", "Thomas Brodie-Sangster (Sam)", "Rodrigo Santoro (Karl)", "January Jones (Jeannie)", "Billy Bob Thornton (The US President)", "Claudia Schiffer (Carol)", "Ivana Mili\u010devi\u0107 (Stacey)", "Elisha Cuthbert (Carol-Anne)", "Shannon Elizabeth (Harriet - the Sexy One)", "Denise Richards (Carla - the Real Friendly One)", "Sheila Allen (Jamie's mum)", "L\u00facia Moniz (Aurelia)", "Declan Donnelly (Dec)", "Adam Godley (Mr. Trench)", "Olivia Olson (Joanna)", "Laura Rees (Record Company Executive)", "Nancy Sorrell (Greta)", "Carla Vasconcelos (Sophia Barros)", "Joanna Bacon (Natalie's Mum)", "Bill Moody (Natalie's Dad)", "Anthony McPartlin (Ant)", "Elisabeth Margoni (Eleonore)", "Jo Whiley (Radio DJ)", "Frances de la Tour (Lesbian Lover (uncredited))", "Richard Curtis (Trombone Player (uncredited))", "Richard Hawley (Alex - Deputy Prime Minister)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "God only knows what I'd be without you.\r\n\r\nLondon, England, and it's the run up to Christmas, and we are in the company of a number of couples dealing with the joys and problems that love can bring.\r\n\r\nWe open with a narration from Hugh Grant who tells us that when he is troubled by the hate in the world, he thinks of the arrivals area of Heathrow airport. A place where loved ones greet returning loved ones, a place that indeed showcases a strand of love in its joyous form. He further ventures that when the aeroplanes hit the twin towers on 9/11, as far as he knows, all those phone calls from those sadly involved were messages of love, not hate. Pertinent musings that although somewhat sombre for an opening, sets it up nicely for what Richard Curtis (writer and director) wants to say.\r\n\r\nA roll call of fine British and Irish actors, and American Laura Linney, lend their considerable talents to Curtis' ensemble piece. The structure is surprisingly simple considering the number of stories being woven together, the result being that there is sure to be a story in there to either love, or, yes, even hate. Is it sentimental? Of course. Is it as stuffed as a turkey on Xmas day? Naturally. Does it stretch credibility in some strands? For sure. But only the coldest of hearts could truly decry that Love Actually is all around. Very often it's funny too. Curtis, following on from writing credits such as Four Weddings And A Funeral, continues to show himself to be a very fine writer of comedy. None more so than with Bill Nighy's past his sell by date pop star, Billy Mack. There's something for everyone in here, indeed there's likely to be something that many can associate with.\r\n\r\nIt's a lovely affecting film that should hopefully perk up those that get blue around the holiday season. With perceptive writing, some excellent acting (Nighy, Emma Thomson, Colin Firth et al) and a soundtrack of some worth, Love Actually is a winner. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [634, 509, 1581, 712]}