{"tmdb_id": 509089, "title": "Forever", "original_title": "Za vedno", "slug_title": "forever", "date": "2009-01-08", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Tanya is 35, with a successful career. Her husband Mare is an architect. One Friday, Tanya comes home late at night. Mare confronts her and they exchange some edgy words; Mare is clearly jealous, he loses control of himself and slaps her in the face. Obviously, it is not the first such incident. Tanya locks herself in the bathroom. They continue their conversation over the locked doors. Mare calms down, but when Tanya comes from the bathroom, he becomes abusive again. The noise wakes up a neighbor who reports them to the police. The police arrive and the couple calms down. When the police leave, the couple resorts to psychological abuse. What follows is the night of hateful and skillful twisting of words that unveils, step by step, all the dark secrets of their relationship. Behind a facade of a successful couple, there are suppressed feelings of inferiority, weaknesses, deceit, frustration and traumas from their youth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iz8gluBdvYx7nOv52Y5ErJhA55y.jpg", "actors": ["Dejan Spasi\u010d (Mare)", "Marjuta Slami\u010d (Tanja)", "Peter Musevski (Neighbour)", "Mojca Partlji\u010d (Neighbour's Wife)", "Aljo\u0161a Kova\u010di\u0107 (Policeman 1)", "Matija Kozamernik (Policeman 2)", "Primo\u017e Petkov\u0161ek (Taxi driver)", "Bla\u017e Vali\u010d ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}