{"tmdb_id": 509109, "title": "Prescription: Murder", "original_title": "Prescription: Murder", "slug_title": "prescription-murder", "date": "1968-02-20", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pvKgkyYVgr0uHI47rizIFD46JCZ.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Falk (Columbo)", "Gene Barry (Dr. Ray Flemming)", "Katherine Justice (Joan Hudson)", "William Windom (Burt Gordon)", "Nina Foch (Carol Flemming)", "Virginia Gregg (Miss Petrie)", "Andrea King (Cynthia Gordon)", "Susanne Benton (The Blonde)", "Ena Hartman (Nurse)", "Sherry Boucher (Air Hostess)", "Anthony James (Tommy)", "Frank Baker (Man in Park (uncredited))", "Jim Creech (Policeman in Hospital (uncredited))", "Ed Haskett (Party Guest (uncredited))", "Robert Hitchcock (Pilot (uncredited))", "Clark Howat (Doctor (uncredited))", "Mark Russell (Policeman (uncredited))", "Don Stewart (Airline Ticket Man (uncredited))", "Tom Williams (Laundry Delivery Man (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***\u201cPrescription: Murder\u201d (1968)***\r\n\r\nPLOT: An arrogant, nonchalant psychiatrist (Gene Barry) murders his wife and uses his na\u00efve actress girlfriend to get away with it (Katherine Justice), but Lt. Columbo strongly suspects the therapist and steadfastly works to obtain evidence. William Windom is on hand as the doctor\u2019s loyal professional friend.\r\n\r\nCOMMENTARY: This was the first of two pilot movies for the Columbo series (1968-2003). It featured the inverted detective story, which starts by showing the murder and the murderer; and then focuses on HOW the perpetrator is ultimately caught and exposed. Because this format has no \"whodunit\" element, these shows/movies are sometimes referred to as a \"howcatchem.\u201d\r\n\r\nSince Falk was 40 during shooting, it features the youngest version of the detective (Falk was 75 when his last episode was shot in 2002, \u201cColumbo Likes the Nightlife,\u201d 69 installments in all). All the notable quirks of the famous detective are here, although some aren\u2019t as pronounced yet. As he ages they would naturally become more prominent in future segments, like his disheveled appearance.\r\n\r\nThis is easily one of the best Columbo episodes ever (which are actually TV movies). The script, cast and acting are of top caliber, which makes the story gripping despite the fact that it\u2019s all drama and no violence beyond the original murder. It helps that the antagonist is a psychologist because he accurately psychoanalyses our beloved expert sleuth and by the end we feel we know and understand the Lieutenant, which lays a strong foundation for the forthcoming series. Katherine Justice is a winsome beauty and a highlight.      \r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": []}