{"tmdb_id": 509219, "title": "Tomorrow", "original_title": "Jutri", "slug_title": "tomorrow", "date": "2015-11-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Three different lives. Three different stories. One homeless person. He might change their lives forever. - A young waitress and an aspiring actress is from a broken home, living with her abusive father. She will do anything to seek freedom. The problem is that she is searching it in all the wrong places. - An art student comes from a warm and bubbly home. She is now facing a harsh reality and all the dilemmas that come by with living in the city. - A priest, sworn to God, is enchanted by the seductive charms of a young catholic girl. Now, he must make the life-changing decision. All seek redemption. But will they find it? We all make mistakes on our path and have big stories to tell to the world. Sometimes, we don't get a second chance. But hey, there's always tomorrow!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3bQBbmnAvTpDqr04tt0lUdJSqoy.jpg", "actors": ["Anja Wutej (Polona)", "Jaka \u017dilavec (Polona's dad)", "Mia Bo\u017ei\u010d (Anja)", "Ana Roza Cimperman (Mojca)", "Tamara Dervi\u0161evi\u0107 (Sanja)", "Ana Coleman (Sanja's mom)", "Nevenka Gamulin (Polona's mom)", "Jure Janet (Polona's brother)", "Andrej Perani\u010d (Sanja's dad)", "Damjan Vavh (Dejan)", "Primo\u017e Vrhovec (Vili)", "Jure \u0160tajn (Bishop)", "Jasna Klan\u010di\u0161ar (Polona's teacher)", "An\u017ee Selan (Polona's schoolmate Matjaz)", "\u017diga Novak (Polona's schoolmate Stojan)", "Alen Stoj\u0161 Goljar (Homophobic bully #1)", "Nejc Ho\u010devar (Homophobic bully #2)", "Andrej Kopa\u010d (Sanja's boss)", "Ma\u0161a Zia Len\u00e1rdi\u010d (Nika)", "Marjana \u0160ercer (Landlord)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}