{"tmdb_id": 50925, "title": "Laurel et Hardy - Habeas Corpus", "original_title": "Habeas Corpus", "slug_title": "laurel-et-hardy-habeas-corpus", "date": "1928-12-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Comme ils frappent \u00e0 la porte du professeur Padilla, Laurel et Hardy sont aussit\u00f4t engag\u00e9s contre une forte somme pour aller d\u00e9terrer un corps au cimeti\u00e8re et le rapporter ! Ce qu'ils ignorent, c'est que le professeur n'a plus toute sa t\u00eate et, surveill\u00e9 par la police, est intern\u00e9 sit\u00f4t qu'ils quittent la maison. Ils ignorent tout autant qu'ils sont pris en filature par le faux-valet vrai-inspecteur de police\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d28tRwnOmo3cdqXDWpfyEnSwAvE.jpg", "actors": ["Stan Laurel (Stan)", "Oliver Hardy (Ollie)", "Richard Carle (Professor)", "Charley Rogers (Ledoux - the Butler (as Charlie Rogers))", "Chester A. Bachman (2nd Policeman (uncredited))", "Leo Sulky (Detective On Telephone (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "They buried somebody too soon!\r\n\r\nStarring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy, Habeas Corpus is directed by James Parrott and photographed by Len Powers. Plot finds Stan and Ollie as a couple of drifters short of cash who agree to do a bit of grave robbing to earn themselves $500, courtesy of the mad professor Padilla (Richard Carle). But the cemetery at night is not a fun place to be...\r\n\r\nNot so much Burke & Hare, more like Berk & Berk!\r\n\r\nNot a prime short from the boys but lots to enjoy. The frenetic organ swirls as Stan & Ollie prat about down at the cemetery. After the tone is set via a fun escapade with wet paint, the spooky shenanigans begin - which constitutes the boys scaring each other even without outside influences! \r\n\r\nThere's the usual visual ticks, the various looks at the camera, which are supplemented by some animal participation (including the world's fastest cat and a fun tortoise). An extended sequence of them trying to get over the wall of the cemetery is overplayed, but after an Ollie wrecking ball moment and a quite brilliant and hilarious body bag sequence of events, this short is back on track and showing why they would become legends of cinema. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [50898], "youtube_key": "notfound"}