{"tmdb_id": 509499, "title": "Three Stories About Sleeplessness", "original_title": "Tri pri\u010de o nespavanju", "slug_title": "three-stories-about-sleeplessness", "date": "2008-05-14", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "It is nighttime. In Croatia, a young woman cannot sleep because her baby keeps crying. Her mother-in-law is also being kept awake by the baby's crying and she is not shy about offering unwanted child-rearing advice to her daughter-in-law. In Spain, a young husband and wife are also wide awake in the dead of night: they are in the middle of a turbulent argument. She is Spanish, he is Croatian and their marriage is in crisis because they simply do not understand one another. Back in Croatia, the young man's elderly mother is also awake, plagued with indigestion pains. The old woman is also worried about her lodger, a young Spanish girl who happens to be the sister of the old woman's daughter-in-law in Spain. The young girl comes home with her new lover. He is a taxi driver who drifts aimlessly through the night while his own wife endures a sleepless night with a crying baby and a nagging mother-in-law.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8RxOKyC08agn4GXZAsG7qvzD1Td.jpg", "actors": ["Mar\u00eda Almud\u00e9ver ()", "Jasna An\u010di\u0107 ()", "Dra\u017een Bratuli\u0107 ()", "\u017du\u017ea Egreny ()", "Dario Markovi\u0107 ()", "Ecija Ojdani\u0107 ()", "Rosana Pastor ()", "Marinko Prga ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}