{"tmdb_id": 50955, "title": "The Dirty Mind of Young Sally", "original_title": "The Dirty Mind of Young Sally", "slug_title": "the-dirty-mind-of-young-sally", "date": "1973-01-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oEljhQwzumMYCm0IpGj7AFv3E8o.jpg", "actors": ["Colleen Brennan (Sally (as Sharon Kelly))", "George Buck Flower (Toby (as C.D. LaFleure))", "Norman Fields (Sgt. Dimwittle (as Cliff Bradley))", "Angela Carnon (Babs)", "John Paul Jones (Ron (as Jaype Jones))", "Jacqueline Giroux (Kim (as Robyn Whitting))", "James Mathers (Mike)", "Sandy Dempsey (Rose)", "Norman Sheridan (Rose's Boyfriend)", "Margie Lanier (Catfight Girl)", "Penny Boran (Orange Bikini Girl)", "Marius Mazmanian (Beach Guy in Hat)", "Jefferson Richard (Bookie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DrMarty", "content": "One of a kind, irresistible soft core (not that soft either) staring Sharon Kelly, from time when young girls had naturally large firm breasts. Sharon is a travelling radio artiste who, despite being chased all over by the cops, manages to broadcast three shows a day. These consist of her talking dirty whilst playing with herself, or her engineer, or even a competition winner. Young teens then gather around to listen in and perform along with her, on the beach, at their club or in the back of their car. Essentially therefore the 'plot' allows for multiple activity and minimal dialogue. Just as well because although Sharon is excellent, those around her range from average to unbelievably poor. It matters not, however, because it's her , her activities and those she inspires that's the thing. The individual acts are all slightly overlong but they are so well done that it's a little churlish to complain. Everybody seems to be enjoying themselves, everything looks good, the music is bearable and that evocative mix of furtive fumbling and Woodstock style freedom will always seem good to those of a certain age!"}], "recommandations_id": []}