{"tmdb_id": 51153, "title": "The Price of Fear", "original_title": "The Price of Fear", "slug_title": "the-price-of-fear", "date": "1956-03-13", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "A co-owner of a race track goes on the run after witnessing something he shouldn't have at the track.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kCKQ2QZW7LLmjrExlVTIA86oRca.jpg", "actors": ["Merle Oberon (Jessica Warren)", "Lex Barker (Dave Barrett)", "Charles Drake (Sgt. Pete Carroll)", "Gia Scala (Nina Ferranti)", "Warren Stevens (Frankie Edare)", "Phillip Pine (Vince Burton)", "Mary Field (Ruth McNab)", "Dan Riss (Lt. Jim Walsh)", "Konstantin Shayne (Bolasny)", "Stafford Repp (Johnny McNab)", "Tim Sullivan (Lou Belden)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Jessica Warren I Love You.\r\n\r\nThe Price of Fear is directed by Abner Biberman and adapted to screenplay by Robert Tallman from a story by Dick Irving Hyland. It stars Merle Oberon, Lex barker, Charles Drake and Warren Stevens. Music is by Heinz Roemheld and cinematography by Irving Glassberg.\r\n\r\nLittle seen or just forgotten these days, The Price of Fear is actually a rather tight and entertaining piece of film noir film making. Rising above some production limitations, pic is strong on characterisations and it looks just splendid. Story essentially finds Barker as an innocent man out to prove he didn't kill two people in two separate incidents!, while Oberon slips into femme fatale clothes as a love interest who's trying to avoid being found out for one of the killings Barker is under scrutiny for.\r\n\r\nNarrative is deliciously twisty in how characters react and perform during the play. Into the mix is an intrepid detective, smooth talking villain, a blackmailing wife, a witness under duress and even a train sick canine! Old noir faithfuls coincidence and fate play their big hands, as does some narration drive. The look is minus chiaroscuro but the nighttime scenes are impressive enough, shiny streets and bulbous lights excellently photographed by Glassberg, while Biberman plays with frame tilts and interesting framing of the lady characters.\r\n\r\nThere's been some complaints about cast performances, but all are fine here. OK, so it lacks in viper femininity and laconic masculine as per noir classics previously, but nothing here hurts the piece. Solid as a rock is this, it even has the courage of its convictions to provide a genuine surprise ending. Where the main players catch a train to noirville, the termination point worth waiting for. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Lhwl8FaRoaA"}