{"tmdb_id": 512196, "title": "Happy Birthdead 2 You", "original_title": "Happy Death Day 2U", "slug_title": "happy-birthdead-2-you", "date": "2019-02-13", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "La suite de Happy Death Day, Tree va d\u00e9couvrir que revivre la journ\u00e9e de sa mort \u00e9tait bien plus facile que les dangers qui l'attendent..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4tdnePOkOOzwuGPEOAHp8UA4vqx.jpg", "actors": ["Jessica Rothe (Theresa \"Tree\" Gelbman)", "Israel Broussard (Carter Davis)", "Phi Vu (Ryan Phan)", "Suraj Sharma (Samar Ghosh)", "Sarah Yarkin (Dre Morgan)", "Rachel Matthews (Danielle Bouseman)", "Ruby Modine (Lori Spengler)", "Steve Zissis (Dean Roger Bronson)", "Charles Aitken (Gregory Butler)", "Laura Clifton (Stephanie Butler)", "Missy Yager (Julie Gelbman)", "Jason Bayle (David Gelbman)", "Caleb Spillyards (Tim Bauer)", "Jimmy Gonzales (Police Officer)", "Peter Jaymes Jr. (Police Officer)", "Rob Mello (John Tombs)", "Kenneth Israel (Dr. Parker)", "James W. Evermore (Homeless Man)", "Blaine Kern III (Nick Sims)", "Johnny Ballance (Angry Student)", "Tenea Intriago (Student Protester)", "Lindsey G. Smith (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nJessica Rothe leads the follow-up to Blumhouse's surprise 2017 smash hit of riveting, repeating twists and comic turns. This time, our hero Tree Gelbman (Rothe) discovers that dying over and over was surprisingly easier than the dangers that lie ahead. Jason Blum once again produces, and Christopher Landon returns to write and direct this next chapter.\r\n\r\nI don\u2019t have a Happy Death Day review online, but I agree with the adjectives above-mentioned. It was one of last year\u2019s surprises, and I genuinely had great fun with it. Overall, I would have rated it a B/B+, in case you\u2019re wondering. But let\u2019s get to its sequel and find out if it stood up to the original\u2019s level\u2026  \r\n\r\nShort answer: no. Not even close. Honestly, it even diminishes what the first one accomplished. The 2017 original flick was a refreshing surprise because it took a different concept and mixed a bunch of genres in an unexpectedly entertaining way. It was funny, imaginative and Jessica Rothe proved to be a star in the making. 2U just has Rothe. That\u2019s it. Its comedy bits only worked a couple of times throughout the whole runtime, and there wasn\u2019t a single scary sequence that didn\u2019t remind me of thousands of other familiar scenes done better in other films.\r\n\r\nThis movie is simply an easy money-grab, and BlumHouse doesn\u2019t mind if it doesn\u2019t stand up to the original as long as it succeeds in the box office, which it already did. Unfortunately, that\u2019s how Hollywood and the world of cinema works nowadays. If an unique and even risky film, one that was only planned to be a single installment, becomes a box office hit, chances are that a sequel is going to be produced, even if it has to wrongly retcon what happened in the original movie, consequently taking some of its value. This rarely works quality-wise, but I can\u2019t deny that, as a marketing strategy, it\u2019s very profitable for studios.\r\n\r\nMy main issue with Happy Death Day 2U is that it risks too much with no reasonable payoff. Story-wise, it has tons of logical incongruencies, and I don\u2019t buy the ending, at all. Christopher Landon asks too much of the audience since we have to accept so much nonsense in order to actually enjoy the film. In the original movie, the only thing we needed to \u201cgo with\u201d was the actual concept, but that was pretty clear from the get-go. In 2U, there\u2019s a compelling and captivating moral dilemma at its core, but that same dilemma becomes less and less like one by the end of it. It\u2019s still a complicated situation, but it\u2019s like they forgot what was really important and went with other poorly explained route.\r\n\r\nIt doesn\u2019t matter the genre from which you analyze this film. If you look at it as a comedy, you\u2019ll barely laugh. If you think of it as a scary movie, you\u2019ll never get scared. If you want to be intrigued by who the killer is this time around, you won\u2019t be because the mystery is pretty straightforward. I really don\u2019t want to rant on this film because I do love its cast and I really enjoyed the first movie, but it\u2019s really hard not to be upset since it damages an eventual second viewing of the first one now. When the original installment doesn\u2019t have an open door to other adventures, just don\u2019t try to make a sequel for the sake of it. I know, I know\u2026 Money. Bah.\r\n\r\nI don\u2019t want to end this review on a sad note, so I left the brilliant cast to the end. Everyone is fantastic, and I hope that at least this film can catapult some of these actors into the spotlight, especially Jessica Rothe. She has a tremendous range of expressions and incredible ease in changing between emotions. She can look scared, sad and happy in a matter of seconds, with tears and all. She\u2019s a full package. I hope that she can grab either a major role on a big TV series or a supporting role in a blockbuster or Oscar-bait movie in the next couple of years. Surely, Jason Blum has some plans for her.\r\n\r\nAll in all, Happy Death Day 2U does not deserve the box office success that it is having. It\u2019s receiving a lot of credit due to the 2017 original\u2019s surprise hit, and that\u2019s unfair to the first installment. This sequel not only wrongly retcons unnecessary plot details of its predecessor, but it makes that correction its main plot, continuously reminding the audience that we just have to accept it. It\u2019s not as funny, scary, unique or surprisingly entertaining as the original, and if the returning cast didn\u2019t deliver strong performances, this would be one of the worst films of the year. Fortunately, there are a couple of good moments here and there, and Jessica Rothe alone saves the movie from a much more negative review. \r\n\r\nOh, and please, do NOT make a third one! Just leave it alone.\r\n\r\nRating: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [522681, 440021, 450465, 458723], "youtube_key": "IeXqWDFJZiw"}