{"tmdb_id": 51227, "title": "Richard C\u0153ur de Lion", "original_title": "King Richard And The Crusaders", "slug_title": "richard-coeur-de-lion", "date": "1954-08-07", "genre": "Aventure / Drame / Musique", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "En 1192, la troisi\u00e8me croisade men\u00e9e par Richard Coeur de Lion combat les infid\u00e8les en Terre sainte pour d\u00e9livrer le Saint-S\u00e9pulcre. Victime d'une conspiration ourdie par quelques subordonn\u00e9s, Richard est gri\u00e8vement bless\u00e9 par une fl\u00e8che et d\u00e9signe rapidement Gilles Amaury pour commander son arm\u00e9e. Kenneth Huntingdon, garde du corps d\u00e9vou\u00e9 de Richard et valeureux chevalier, le met vainement en garde contre la f\u00e9lonie de Gilles. Au m\u00eame moment arrive un myst\u00e9rieux Sarrasin, qui pr\u00e9tend gu\u00e9rir le roi de sa terrible blessure \u00e0 condition que celui-ci accepte de l'aider \u00e0 se battre contre Saladin, le chef des infid\u00e8les. Le roi accepte son offre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6wQoNGM0qhRqh96nwJ2kCMZjpwo.jpg", "actors": ["Rex Harrison (Emir Hderim Sultan Saladin)", "Virginia Mayo (Lady Edith Plantagenet)", "George Sanders (King Richard I)", "Laurence Harvey (Sir Kenneth of the Leopard)", "Robert Douglas (Sir Giles Amaury)", "Michael Pate (Conrad, Marquis of Montferrat)", "Paula Raymond (Queen Berengaria)", "Lester Matthews (Archbishop of Tyre / Narrator)", "Anthony Eustrel (Baron De Vaux)", "Henry Corden (King Philip of France)", "Wilton Graff (Duke Leopold of Austria)", "Nejla Ates (Moorish Dancing Girl)", "Nick Cravat (Nectobanus)", "Leslie Bradley (Castelaine Captain)", "Bruce Lester (Castelaine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "By Saint George \u2013 Or Andrew\u2026\r\n\r\nKing Richard and the Crusaders  is directed by David Butler and adapted to screenplay by John Twist from the novel \u201cThe Talisman\u201d written by Sir Walter Scott. It stars Rex Harrison, Viginia Mayo, George Sanders, Laurence Harvey, Robert Douglas, Michael Pate and Paula Raymond. A WarnerColor/CinemaScope production, music is by Max Steiner and cinematography by J. Peverell Marley.\r\n\r\nUnfairly maligned as one of the 50 worst movies of all time, David Butler\u2019s picture has enough spectacle about it to ensure it can be enjoyed by fans of such fluffy fare. The script is often awful, the historical accuracy equally so, while Rex Harrison \u2013 who is otherwise excellent \u2013 singing like a love sick minstrel, is a touch bizarre! But on the other side of the fence is the lush colour, the costuming, Harrison and Sanders\u2019 playful jostling, Steiner\u2019s rumbling score and the lively action scenes (mucho jousting high in calibre). \r\n\r\nIt for sure isn\u2019t approaching the top end of the swords and shields list of movies, but is it really worse than the likes of Androcles and the Lion, Helen of Troy, Sword of Lancelot etc? No say I! There\u2019s fun to be had, both intentional and otherwise. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [79180, 38395, 38683, 89995]}