{"tmdb_id": 512293, "title": "As I Fall", "original_title": "N\u00e5r jeg faller", "slug_title": "as-i-fall", "date": "2018-09-21", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Joachim is 25 years old. His charming smile veils the daily battle he fights within himself as he struggles to manage a heroin addiction. He smokes everyday and tries to quit almost every other. He hates the drug and the control it has over him, but it removes his pain. His loneliness. After years locked in a cycle of abuse, Joachim is on the verge of a breakdown. He gets an unexpected call from his ex-girlfriend, Maria. She's been arrested and is worried about their 5-year-old son, Lukas. Joachim hasn't seen Lukas since he was born, and she begs Joachim to take care of Lukas until she's released. Without much of a choice and thinking it will only be for a few hours, Joachim agrees. To his own surprise Joachim wants to keep Lukas. He wants a reason to be the person he thinks he is - a responsible man. A sober man. A father.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5eWXuFOcaMttefO8fEHe1JFFpej.jpg", "actors": ["Preben Hodneland (Joachim)", "Marius Aandal Pedersen (Lukas)", "Alexandra Gjerpen (Maria)", "Vidar Sandem (Sverre)", "Morten Svarteit (Thomas)", "Trine Wiggen (Pshycologist)", "Kj\u00e6rsti Odden Skjeldal (Mette)", "Selome Emnetu (Tove)", "Ola G. Furuseth (Phillip)", "Ingeborg Sundrehagen Raust\u00f8l (Susanne)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}