{"tmdb_id": 512766, "title": "Vanambadi", "original_title": "\u0bb5\u0bbe\u0ba9\u0bae\u0bcd\u0baa\u0bbe\u0b9f\u0bbf", "slug_title": "vanambadi", "date": "1963-09-03", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Meena (Devika), a young woman, escapes from the clutches of a womanizing Zamindar. She attempts suicide and is saved by an elderly couple, who adopt her. They wish her to wed their nephew (S. S. Rajendran) and the wedding is arranged. But, during the ceremony, another man (R. S. Manohar) shows up claiming Meena to be his wife. She is arrested for the attempted murder of the Zamindar. But, she say she doesn't him. Her adoptive brother (Muthuraman) and a friend (T. R. Ramachandran) try to solve the mystery. Meena runs away from the family to relieve them of the anguish she has caused them and they later find her as a stage/playback singer calling herself as Kausalya Devi. But Kausalya Devi claims she has never seen them before. How do they resolve the mystery forms rest of the story.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hICvFD7LK2ybKmYJLZ38PCJW3Rk.jpg", "actors": ["S. S. Rajendran (Sekhar)", "Devika (Uma/Meena/Sumathi/Kausalya Devi(twin sisters))", "R. Muthuraman (Mohan)", "S. V. Sahasranamam (Thanikachalam)", "T. R. Ramachandran (Nithyanandham)", "R. S. Manohar (Gopal (Sumathi/Kausalya devi's Husband))", "Javar Seetharaman (Shiva Shkaran (Chithra father))", "Kamal Haasan (Child Artist Ravi (Mohan younger brother))", "T. R. Rajakumari (Parvathi (Thanikachalam wife))", "Pushpalatha (Kalyani (Nithyanandham wife))", "Sheela (Chithra (Mohan wife))", "V. S. Raghavan (Somasundaram (Sumathi's father))", "O. A. K. Thevar (Zamindar Marthandam)", "Madhavan Edappal (Sundaramoorthy (Meena's Maternal Uncle))", "Janaki (Thanikachalam)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}