{"tmdb_id": 51270, "title": "The Shift", "original_title": "The Shift", "slug_title": "the-shift", "date": "2009-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire / Drame"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "From the creators of You Can Heal Your Life: The Movie comes a compelling portrait of three modern lives in need of new direction and new meaning. In his first-ever movie, Wayne Dyer explores the spiritual journey in the second half of life when we long to find the purpose that is our unique contribution to the world. The powerful shift from the ego constructs we are taught early in life by parents and society\u2014which promote an emphasis on achievement and accumulation\u2014are shown in contrast to a life of meaning, focused on serving and giving back. Filmed on coastal California\u2019s spectacular Monterey Peninsula, The Shift captures every person\u2019s mid-life longing for a more purposeful, soul-directed life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w38wHd7mJV551FLU8bK2Xgpkc4r.jpg", "actors": ["Wayne Dyer (Himself (as Dr. Wayne W. Dyer))", "Portia de Rossi (Denise Moore)", "Edward Kerr (Chad Moore)", "Michael DeLuise (David)", "Ron Marasco (Joe)", "Shannon Sturges (Quinn Harper)", "Maury Sterling (Jason Harper)", "Ethan Lipton (Himself)", "Molly Bryant (Sarah)", "Don Franklin (Rob)", "Ron Garcia (Ron)", "Karen Kondazian (Sophia)", "Ethan Kelley (Brandon Harper)", "Jack Kelley (Kyle Harper)", "Joel Virgel (Homeless Man)", "Clyde J. Bruff (Hugh Johnson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Matthew Sanders", "content": "Don't waste your time. \"Dr.\" Wayne Dyer's post doctorate title is fake. He spouts bald faced lies to a camera without supporting a thing he says. He treats anecdotes as evidence. This is meant to trick naive people out of their money. Just google him..."}], "recommandations_id": [47426, 391626, 95755, 193613], "youtube_key": "wEM0SF04Rw4"}