{"tmdb_id": 512936, "title": "4/20 Massacre", "original_title": "4/20 Massacre", "slug_title": "4-20-massacre", "date": "2018-04-03", "genre": ["Horreur / Action"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "A group of five women go camping in the woods to celebrate a friend's birthday over 4/20 weekend. But when they cross the turf of an illegal marijuana grow operation they must struggle to survive the living nightmare.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mirbK78bE0KBBbMRDU5U8OYmajm.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Bernadette (Jess)", "Vanessa Rose Parker (Aubrey)", "Stacey Danger (Donna)", "Justine Wachsberger (Rachel)", "Marissa Pistone (Michelle)", "Jim Storm (Rick)", "James Gregory (The Shape)", "Mark Schroeder (Buddy)", "Drew Talbert (Dug)", "Jim Round (Roy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "Two hikers, in search of \"something in the woods\" find Pothead Heaven. One breaks the first rule of wilderness survival, while the other flees in a blind panic. Miles away, a disparate quintet park the SUV and unpack gear for a \"birthday celebration in the woods.\" The park ranger drops by for a beer and issues the usual warnings: Stay on the trail, Read all the signs, and STAY AWAY FROM THE HIGH VALLEYS! \r\nAfter banter about Life and the Wilderness, they're about to hit the trail when the hysterical hiker stumbles into the clearing and leaves a baby blue pack.\r\nThe quintet are on the trail when they hear \"shots fired\" and encounter a \"second amendment\" jackrabbit hunter, who leaves with something to fill a cigar.\r\nThe party arrives at a clearing and set up camp. Then it's time for Champagne and sampling the contents of the hiker's pack. The jackrabbit hunter returns to his camp, hollows out his cigar, stuffs it, and gets a surprise visit. The women pair off and wander around the area, leaving their Pothead friend to \"get the biggest bong\" session ever. Ranger Rick, adds something stronger to his beer, then spots something running across the dirt road. He gives chase and finds hysterical hiker. Mayhem ensues...3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}