{"tmdb_id": 512, "title": "Scoop", "original_title": "Scoop", "slug_title": "scoop", "date": "2006-07-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "L'enqu\u00eate du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre journaliste d'investigation Joe Strombel, consacr\u00e9e au \"Tueur au Tarot\" de Londres, tourne court quand il meurt de fa\u00e7on aussi soudaine qu'inexplicable. Mais rien, pas m\u00eame la mort, ne peut arr\u00eater Joe.A peine arriv\u00e9 au purgatoire, il d\u00e9cide de transmettre ses toutes derni\u00e8res informations \u00e0 la plus charmante des \u00e9tudiantes en journalisme : Sondra Pransky.De passage \u00e0 Londres, Sondra entend le fant\u00f4me de Joe s'adresser \u00e0 elle durant un num\u00e9ro de magie de l'Am\u00e9ricain Splendini, alias Sid Waterman. Boulevers\u00e9e et folle de joie \u00e0 l'id\u00e9e d'avoir d\u00e9nich\u00e9 le scoop du si\u00e8cle, l'effervescente cr\u00e9ature se lance avec Sid dans une enqu\u00eate \u00e9chevel\u00e9e, qui les m\u00e8ne droit au fringant aristocrate et politicien Peter Lyman. Une idylle se noue en d\u00e9pit de troublants indices semblant d\u00e9signer le beau Peter comme le \"Tueur au Tarot\".Le scoop de Sondra lui sera-t-il fatal ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mRRSxsCnJriz3geocV4i6Lm0nox.jpg", "actors": ["Scarlett Johansson (Sondra Pransky)", "Hugh Jackman (Peter Lyman)", "Woody Allen (Sid Waterman)", "Ian McShane (Joe Strombel)", "Kevin McNally (Mike Tinsley)", "Romola Garai (Vivian)", "Charles Dance (Mt Malcolm)", "Fenella Woolgar (Jane Cook)", "Julian Glover (Lord Lyman)", "Geoff Bell (Strombel's Co-Worker)", "Christopher Fulford (Strombel's Co-Worker)", "Robert Bathurst (Strombel's Co-Worker)", "Nigel Lindsay (Strombel's Co-Worker)", "John Sessions (Strombel's Co-Worker)", "Paula Wilcox (Lyman Party Guest)", "John Standing (Lyman Party Guest)", "Doreen Mantle (Joe's Co-Passenger #1)", "David Schneider (Joe's Co-Passenger #2)", "Meera Syal (Joe's Co-Passenger #3)", "Toby Jones (Joe's Co-Passenger)", "Jim Dunk (Funeral Speaker)", "Carolyn Backhouse (Vivian's Mother)", "Victoria Hamilton ()", "Sam Friend (Vivian's Brother)", "Mark Heap (Compere)", "Jody Halse (Stagehand)", "Sanjeev Bhaskar (Poker Player)", "John Light (Poker Player)", "Elizabeth Berrington (Antique Shop Couple)", "Rupert Frazer (Antique Shop Couple)", "Christopher Godwin (Desk Clerk)", "Suzy Kewer (Splendini\u2019s Assistant)", "Matt Day (Jerry Burke)", "Anthony O'Donnell (Bystander)", "Moya Brady (Bystander)", "Rosie Cavaliero (Bystander)", "Lynda Baron ()", "Caroline Blakiston ()", "Phil Cornwell ()", "Alexander Armstrong ()", "Anthony Stewart Head ()", "Richard Johnson ()", "Margaret Tyzack ()", "Julia Deakin ()", "Tina Rath ()", "Robyn Kerr (Tinsley\u2019s Fan #1)", "Richard Stirling (Tinsley's Fan #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Enjoyable mystery/comedy with Scarlett Johansson***  \r\n\r\n\"Scoop\" (2006) is a mystery/dramedy/romance written and directed by Woody Allen. Scarlett Johansson stars as Sondra Pransky, a geeky college journalist vacationing in England. She gets a tip from the ghost of a dead newsman (Ian McShane) on the identity of a local serial killer and proceeds to partner with bumbling magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen); the tip leads them to the rich son of a prominent lord, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), whom Sondra starts to date to acquire information. Is Lyman the notorious killer or isn't he? \r\n\r\nAlthough fantastical and somewhat goofy, \"Scoop\" is first and foremost a mystery and I did enjoy trying to figure out if Peter Lyman is the \"Tarot Card killer.\" In the story we perceive Peter Lyman largely through the lens of Sondra, who is falling for the guy; hence, the viewer warms up to him.\r\n\r\n\"Scoop\" is a comedy but not in the laugh-out-loud sense of, say, \"Ace Ventura: Pet Detective\"; it's mildly amusing, witty and fun but not knee-slapping funny. So if you're looking for the latter don't bother.\r\n\r\nThe three stars and their chemistry are a highlight. I enjoyed the team-up of Woody (Sid) & Scarlett (Sondra) and their surrogate father/daughter relationship. I knew when I saw \"The Horse Whisperer\" that Scarlett would grow up to be one of cinema's leading beauties, and so she is! Scarlett was 21 while filming \"Scoop\" and the film is worth catching solely for her; just don't expect any raunch or t&a exploitation (although she does have a one-piece bathing suit scene and a nightie sequence, which are rather modest).\r\n\r\nHugh Jackman is a great modern masculine actor, of course, and he does fine here, although I couldn't help wondering if long metal claws would suddenly shoot out of his knuckles! \r\n\r\n\"Scoop\" is an enjoyable mystery/dramedy highlighted by refreshing originality, a quality cast with good chemistry and English locations. I admit that I didn't think I'd like the film during the first 25 minutes or so, but then I caught on to the movie\u2019s vibe. The interactions between the three main characters, their story and the mounting mystery pulled me in and glued me until the end. I also enjoyed the creative zany elements (e.g. crossing the River Styx with the Grim Reaper and the reappearing ghost reporter) and the film's overall refreshing air. \r\n\r\nThe movie runs 96 minutes and was shot in London & the English countryside.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [2779, 116, 9689, 9688], "youtube_key": "epKoj5BIZV0"}