{"tmdb_id": 513151, "title": "Chintamani", "original_title": "\u0b9a\u0bbf\u0ba8\u0bcd\u0ba4\u0bbe\u0bae\u0ba3\u0bbf", "slug_title": "chintamani", "date": "1937-03-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Chintamani (Tamil: \u0b9a\u0bbf\u0ba8\u0bcd\u0ba4\u0bbe\u0bae\u0ba3\u0bbf) is a 1937 Tamil-language film directed by Y. V. Rao starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Serugulathur Sama and Aswathamma.[2] It was the first Tamil film to run for a year in a single theatre.  Chintamani was based on the legendary story of a Sanskrit poet and devotee of Lord Krishna named Bilwamangal (M. K. Thyragaraja Bhagavathar). Bilwamangal, a resident of Varanasi, was a Sanskrit scholar, who gets infatuated towards a courtesan called Chintamani (Aswathamma), a woman of ill-fame. As a result, he deserts his wife. However, Chintamani is an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna (Serugalathur Sama) and spends most of her time singing bhajans in praise of Lord Krishna. His attraction towards Chintamani eventually draws Bilwamangal closer towards Lord Krishna and transforms his life forever. Bilwangal, himself, becomes a devotee of Lord Krishna and pens a monumental Sanskrit work Sri Krishna Karnamritam.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bjglR7OBqckeK7Pdfa7rJDk9Jia.jpg", "actors": ["Aswathamma (Chintamani)", "L. Narayana Rao (Alwar Chetty)", "S. S. Rajamani ()", "Y. V. Rao (Manoharan)", "M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar (Bilwamangal)", "Serugalathur Sama (Lord Krishna)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}