{"tmdb_id": 513295, "title": "Nothing Really Happens", "original_title": "Nothing Really Happens", "slug_title": "nothing-really-happens", "date": "2017-06-26", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction", "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m2EzkXZQfjlPzEzcZEmv8ZWxq82.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Edwards (Dave)", "Joseph Graham (Carl)", "Lindsay Gustin (Jess)", "Bobby Dornbos (Randy)", "Sami Ismail (Miguel)", "Kam Franklin (Health Dept. Operator (voice))", "AJ Latta (Young Dave)", "Anthony Obi (Aspirin Dealer)", "Stephani Palmer (Dr. Dubbard)", "Anna Tran (Clerk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Polnaszek5", "content": "I mean.....the title doesn\u2019t lie. But also DOES IT THOUGH!?\r\n\r\nA tired phrase for sure, but I have 100% never seen anything like this before in my entire time of watching and appreciating the craft of film. It\u2019s all in its own universe of structure, pacing, and overall storytelling. You for real cannot explain to people in passing what happens here without getting a headache, or them looking at ya as if you\u2019ve just had a blunt. Legitimately put me in this headspace dude that no other movie has, but I was enamored for the whole ride. Making me laugh hard more than once coupled with moments that generally scared me shitless.\r\n\r\nAnd yes this is obviously gonna be a high recommendation from me. Go in as blind as possible, don\u2019t even look up the plot. (Not that it\u2019ll give you any useful synopsis of the shit that goes down) Already has become my favorite movie from this year thus far, or at least at the moment is gonna stay with me. I rented the movie from prime, and am already considering buying it just to study the damn thing. \r\n\r\n10/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}