{"tmdb_id": 513241, "title": "Leona Calderon", "original_title": "Leona Calderon", "slug_title": "leona-calderon", "date": "2013-05-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Leona Calderon is a retiring altruistic music lover earning her living cleaning establishments and private homes. Having a fun loving nature she is fancied by her landlord who dreams of dancing with her to her favorite tune. Another admirer is a homeless man who gets endears by her jolly disposition and not by her loose pennies for a can of lager. She befriends an isolated elderly English lady, a migrant worker with no visa and a charitable middle age woman. As a breadwinner she looks forward to her much awaited retirement which is now doomed following a diagnoses of cancer. The island where she comes from where she plans to spend her life with her family becomes just a dream. She now faces a dilemma between losing her hard earned savings to medical expenses or losing the time with her family if she spends her retirement in a country where her treatment is free. Leona's wit and fun nature will make you smile, laugh and cry. What happens to this happy lady in this funny world?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9W8aUtOwDzDllpEVgvl5wyZ0TGk.jpg", "actors": ["Pilar Pilapil ()", "Irene Alano ()", "Gabriela Belard ()", "Sarah Borges ()", "Greg Canestrari ()", "Junix Inocian ()", "Jiin Jang ()", "Virginia McKenna ()", "Imelda de los Reyes ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}