{"tmdb_id": 514241, "title": "Waking the Wild Colonial", "original_title": "Waking the Wild Colonial", "slug_title": "waking-the-wild-colonial", "date": "2018-03-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In this era of digital communication, 16-year-old Madeleine and her four eclectic friends are negotiating the emotional turbulence of teenage life in the Berkshires of Western Massachusetts by creating and posting YouTube video diaries. The diaries are a microscopic look into the contemporary landscape of adolescence; sexual confusion, dubious antics, and existential angst. Mad is the center of her single mother, Iris' struggle to parent and produce a living, as a visual artist. This pursuit often includes Mad and her friends' participation in the creation of Iris' edgy paintings. Iris is the eccentric, breezy mom every kid wants. Mad's reality is shattered when she discovers that Iris has a serious illness. Forced into adulthood, Mad grapples with these harsh circumstances as her friends rally around her. They accompany Mad on her journey, inspired by the links she uncovers to her mother's surprising past.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vD1BMtN8LmWGX6n8XoCEfNztPHs.jpg", "actors": ["Allison Mackie (Pamela)", "Mark Byrne (Tommy the hood)", "Katherine Allentuck (Sarah Levy)", "Dennis Gagomiros (Peter Sullivan)", "Amy Brentano (Iris Levy)", "Jorge Marques (Club Bouncer)", "Dawn Young (Dr. Clay)", "Conn Horgan (Jim O'Hara)", "Noah Bailey (Eli)", "Patricia Triana (Gallery Owner)", "Molly Murphy (Madeline \"Mad\" Levy)", "Carly Yon (Mary David)", "Micheal Trainor (Landlord)", "Merudjina Normil (Ann)", "Liam English (Paul)", "Joseph Weinberg (Joey)", "Michael Wallace (Lou)", "Jade Roy (Coffee House Manager (Dottie's Manager))", "Denise Yon (Nancy)", "Adam Weinberg (Darryl)", "Karla McMahon (Lenny)", "Arnie DeMarco (Receptionist)", "Phoebe Tahiti (Eli's Mom)", "Richard Lichte (Security)", "Barby Cardillo (Patient 1)", "Dan Pytko (Patient 2)", "Kelly Courtney (Patient 3)", "Leonard Yon (Patient 4)", "Dana Widstrand (Patient 5)", "Ashlee MacDonald (ER Nurse)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}