{"tmdb_id": 514277, "title": "Mara", "original_title": "Mara", "slug_title": "mara", "date": "2018-09-06", "genre": ["Crime / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Kate Fuller, une experte en psychologie criminelle, enqu\u00eate sur le meurtre d'un homme qui semble avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9trangl\u00e9 pendant son sommeil par sa femme. Le seul t\u00e9moin du crime n'est autre que la fille du couple, Sophie, \u00e2g\u00e9e de huit ans. Kate s'int\u00e9resse \u00e0 un d\u00e9mon qui tue ses victimes quand elles dorment...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gQDmXAef1Oc1SXci5mui2x5DJwt.jpg", "actors": ["Olga Kurylenko (Kate)", "Javier Botet (Mara)", "Mitch Eakins (Martin Ellis)", "Lance E. Nichols (McCarthy)", "Rosie Fellner (Helena)", "Mackenzie Imsand (Sophie)", "Dandy Barrett (Dr. Botet)", "Craig Conway (Dougie)", "Melissa Bolona (Carly)", "Kathy McGraw (Alicia)", "Jacob Grodnik (Josh)", "BettyLynn Allison (Weird Old Lady)", "Montr\u00e9 Everett (Head Orderly)", "Gia Skova (Maria)", "Charles Lawlor (Coroner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm a fan of Olga Kurylenko. I first saw her in _Hitman_ (and she's a big part of why I like that movie) then a few more times before watching her steal the show in _Centurion_. So when I heard that there was going to be a Kurylenko-led horror movie in 2018 I was on board. Then it turned out Craig Conway was in it too! That cemented it for me, there was no way I was gonna miss _Mara_.\r\n\r\nAnd even though they're both good in this, I probably should have been paying less attention to the fact that I like two of the actors in this movie, and more attention to something like, say, the plot synopsis, because _Mara_ is just one in a recent slew of practically identical (and never very good) horror movies about sleep paralysis. Maybe it's a touch more competently made than most of the others, but it's still as banal as any of them.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [340601, 551608, 521934, 409056], "youtube_key": "zfkBx9PproA"}