{"tmdb_id": 514302, "title": "Swan Song", "original_title": "Labedzi spiew", "slug_title": "swan-song", "date": "1988-09-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "After discussions with Schwartz, a producer from the West, screenwriter Stefan comes back to Poland. Everybody reminds him of his previous success: \u201cThe Flame\u201d. The tired protagonist goes back to his wife, actress Ewa, who is eagerly awaiting him. Ewa goes to an audition which doesn\u2019t turn out too well. On the next day, Stefan and his collaborators are wondering what to write a scenario about. Meanwhile, Stefan has a tooth ache. He decides to visit a dentist but is scared away by the price he has to pay for the treatment. Stefan still can\u2019t find an idea for a scenario, and Ewa is not being cast. They decide to sell the car, but a man who takes their car out for a test drive doesn\u2019t return. Stefan is changing ideas for the scenario constantly, he can\u2019t make up his mind\u2026 at home, a pipe goes off\u2026 the wine he keeps in gallons blows up\u2026 the milicia (People\u2019s Republic of Poland\u2019s police) comes and general chaos ensues, as they are drowning in water and wine\u2026 which gives Stefan an idea\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iEWM5UhjfAsMBCEpltAgLOVDGAD.jpg", "actors": ["Jan Peszek (Stefan Dziedzic)", "Gra\u017cyna Barszczewska (Ewa)", "Bogdan Baer (Film Studio Manager)", "Jolanta Pi\u0119tek-G\u00f3recka (Heroine in Stefan's ideas)", "Tomasz Zygad\u0142o (Director Zieba)", "Leon Niemczyk (Director Rogozinski)", "Bronis\u0142aw Pawlik (Director Zyga)", "Magdalena Zawadzka (Lena)", "Maria Probosz (Dentist's Assistant)", "Ludwik Benoit (Cactus Lover)", "Bogus\u0142aw Sochnacki (Police officer)", "Boguslaw Sobczuk (Dentist)", "Jerzy Matula (Assistant Director)", "Kazimierz Iwinski (Gentleman Buying a Car)", "Ryszard Kotys (Customs Officer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}