{"tmdb_id": 51467, "title": "Shed No Tears", "original_title": "Shed No Tears", "slug_title": "shed-no-tears", "date": "1948-06-09", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o5FlBWb9oeEUB9j0KUHwrVhip6t.jpg", "actors": ["Wallace Ford (Sam Grover)", "June Vincent (Edna Grover)", "Mark Roberts (Ray Belden - Edna's Lover (as Robert Scott))", "Johnstone White (Huntington Stewart - the Private Detective)", "Dick Hogan (Tom Grover - Sam's Son)", "Frank Albertson (Hutton - Police Detective)", "Elena Verdugo (Marilyn)", "Betty Blythe (Mrs. Peet)", "Mary Treen (Hilda)", "Oliver Blake (Ray Belden's Landlord)", "Paul Maxey (Insurance Investigator)", "Frank Marlowe (Taxi Driver)", "Ida Moore (Bus Passenger)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Single Indemnity\u2026\r\n\r\nDirected by Jean Yarbrough and starring Wallace Ford and June Vincent, Shed No Tears was once one of those lost film noirs that noiristas craved to see. Now widely available to view, it proves to be a decent journey into noirville, even if it becomes a touch shaky come the final third. \r\n\r\nPlot has Vincent as a devious femme fatale wife who convinces her husband (Ford) to fake his own death. The plan is to get rich on the insurance claim, but soon it becomes apparent that hubby is caught in a web of murder, blackmail and treachery. The plot dynamics are laid out for us very early in the peace, leaving the rest of the narrative to tease us with the shifty shenanigans of the protagonists. Classic noir staples are adhered to with the characterisations, viper woman, dupes, dopes, crooks and cronies. Yarbrough moves it along at a good old \"B noir\" clip, while the screenplay has enough twists and surprises in it to keep the noir faithful pleased. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42066, 28560, 4462, 43822]}