{"tmdb_id": 51476, "title": "Shoot to Kill", "original_title": "Shoot to Kill", "slug_title": "shoot-to-kill", "date": "1947-03-15", "genre": "Crime", "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/arXUNFgZIBrwxZSxC7OzKDj4yJH.jpg", "actors": ["Russell Wade (George 'Mitch' Mitchell)", "Luana Walters (Marian Langdon (as Susan Walters))", "Edmund MacDonald (Lawrence Dale (as Edmond MacDonald))", "Robert Kent ('Dixie' Logan aka Judge Joel Conroy (as Douglas Blackley))", "Vince Barnett (Charlie Gill)", "Nestor Paiva (Gus Miller)", "Charles Trowbridge (District Attorney John Forsythe)", "Harry Brown (Jim Forman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Janitor's Crushed Body Found At Bottom Of Elevator Shaft!\r\n\r\nShoot to Kill (AKA: Police Reporter) is directed by William Berke and written by Edwin V. Westrate. It stars Robert Kent (AKA: Douglas Blackley), Luana Walters (AKA: Susan Walters), Edmund MacDonald and Russell Wade. Music is by Darell Calker and Gene Rodgers and cinematography by Benjamin H. Kline.\r\n\r\nWhen gangster Dixie Logan (Kent) is framed by crooked Assistant District Attorney Lawrence Dale (MacDonald), his wife Marian (Walters) and a reporter, George Mitchell (Wade), set about proving how corrupt Dale is.\r\n\r\nYou see the phrase poverty row B noir mixed with statements like double crosses and disloyalties, and it pricks up the ears of the film noir fan. Unfortunately Shoot to Kill has gained a small cult fan base without any surface justification. The film quite simply is a mess, oh the twists and flashback structure look impressive in the page, but the construction by the director is awful, with cast performances to match as well! This is amateur film making 101 and we even get a Keystone Cops like fist fight...\r\n\r\nIt opens with a promising car chase and crash, but that is a false dawn, from there it's a collage of weak characterisations as the director throws it all together and hopes it works. The best things in the film are an extended piano playing sequence by Gene Rodgers, some of the blaring newspaper headlines that raise a smile and the odd bit of noirish shadow play. While mercifully it only runs at just over an hour. Don't be fooled, this is no hidden treasure for the noir head to seek out, it really doesn't know what to do with the plot machinations. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [33923, 25550, 46042, 45740]}