{"tmdb_id": 51498, "title": "Six Kids and the Honeymooners", "original_title": "Min s\u00f8sters b\u00f8rn p\u00e5 bryllupsrejse", "slug_title": "six-kids-and-the-honeymooners", "date": "1967-10-13", "genre": ["Familial / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Erik and Lisbeth are getting married and then honeymoon to Austria. When Mom and Dad need to have another baby, the four small decides to go on the honeymoon as well. They hide in the caravan and come unseen to Austria. Since they do not have passports, Erik can not just send them home. The children are only listed in their mother's passport and she is in the hospital giving birth. Lisbeth and Erik have to take care of the kids. It provides a lot of fun entanglements between the wedding couple and the children. Erik and Lisbeth doing now what they can just get a few moments alone. However, there is always something, so it will be an unforgettable honeymoon with my sister's children.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A76aBCGtigXm3NHRVXOzDZgerQ5.jpg", "actors": ["Axel Str\u00f8bye (Onkel Erik Lund)", "Birgit Sadolin (Lisbeth Andersen)", "William Rosenberg (Peter Berg)", "Jeanne Darville (Else Berg)", "Sonja Oppenhagen (Rikke Berg)", "Jan Priiskorn Schmidt (Jan Berg)", "Michael Rosenberg (Michael Berg)", "Vibeke Houlberg (Lotte Berg)", "Pusle Helmuth (Pusle Berg)", "Bj\u00f8rn Puggaard-M\u00fcller (Pr\u00e6st)", "Karl Stegger (Andersen)", "Thecla Boesen (Edel Andersen)", "J\u00f8rgen Kiil (Ren\u00e9)", "Ernst Meyer (Harald)", "Gunnar Lemvigh (Nielsen)", "Lars Madsen ()", "J\u00f8rgen Buckh\u00f8j ()", "Holger Vistisen ()", "Horst Werner Loos ()", "Michel Hildesheim ()", "Karl Heinz Neumann ()", "Ludwig Kornherr ()", "Marius Hansen ()", "Ole Ernst ()", "Knud Hallest ()", "Helga Werner Loos ()", "J\u00f8rgen Bidstrup ()", "Ebba H\u00f8eg ()", "Gitte Palsby ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}