{"tmdb_id": 514947, "title": "Uttharavindri Ulle Vaa", "original_title": "Uttharavindri Ulle Vaa", "slug_title": "uttharavindri-ulle-vaa", "date": "1971-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The movie deals with four friends. Ravichandran, the hero, is the son of a rich man (Veera Raghavan), and he along with his three friends Nagesh, Mali and Murthy, lives in a mansion owned by his father. While they plan to go on a holiday, a young woman (Kanchana) sneaks into the bungalow, fleeing from danger, and begs the hero to offer her solace for two days. He agrees and the trip is cancelled. Kanchanca and Ravichandran fall in love.  Another woman (Vijaya Chandrika) suddenly appears one night and leaves her child, Baby Shanthi, with a note claiming that she is Mali\u2019s daughter. Mali asserts that he has never seen the baby before and asserts that he doesn\u2019t know the woman in the letter. But he falls for the child and brings her up with love and affection.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bnbsOdWRohjjkdNJxDZIHn0MRNk.jpg", "actors": ["Ravichandran (Ravi)", "Kanchana (Janaki)", "Nagesh (Raju)", "Rama Prabha (Andal, Raju's Lover)", "Venniradai Moorthy (Mani)", "Sachu (Nurse Sarasa, Mani's Lover & Dr. Swamynathan's Daughter)", "Thengai Srinivasan (Dr. Swamynathan, sarasa's father)", "M. S. Sundari Bai (Sivakami, Andal's Mother)", "Gemini Mali (Mahalingam or Mali)", "Veera Raghavan (Ravi's Father)", "Vijaya Chandrika (Saradha)", "Baby Shanthi ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "9PuCHnwbVd8"}