{"tmdb_id": 515160, "title": "Irreversible Choices", "original_title": "Irreversible Choices", "slug_title": "irreversible-choices", "date": "2016-07-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dante Kathlego is married to Alisha Kathlego. As a result of his poor health Dante loses his job. This causes some friction between husband and wife, but Alisha still decides to travel to Melbourne to promote Dantes new novel. Dantes health condition is so serious that he is unable to drive. Whilst his wife is away, Dante enlists the help of his best friend Mike to be his driver and companion. However, Mike is reckless. He is known to take risks and put himself, and others, in serious danger. Dante tries to educate Mike about the danger he puts himself in when he these risks, but Mike doesnt listen!  Whilst in Melbourne, Alisha meets the rich, handsome and dangerous Nate (Scott Murphy). He convinces her to abandon her children and family. This choice begins a chain reaction of violence, death, heart break and trauma. No one is left unharmed by these irreversible choices.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iCRdG3dW1BekgHK5JmkX32dYM3t.jpg", "actors": ["John K-ay (Dante Kathlego)", "Joshua William Parker (Mike Jensen)", "Suzan Mutesi (Alisha Kathlego)", "Scott Murphy (Nate)", "Morrison James (Robert Jensen)", "Tsu Shan Chambers (Officer Dan)", "Penny Day (Mrs. Jensen)", "Jean-Pierre Yerma (Dr. Ken)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "YEioERB3KbA"}