{"tmdb_id": 51512, "title": "Entretien avec un tueur", "original_title": "Dear Mr. Gacy", "slug_title": "entretien-avec-un-tueur", "date": "2010-05-10", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "John Wayne Gacy, le clown meurtrier ayant fait une trentaine de victimes aux \u00c9tats-Unis jusqu\u2019\u00e0 sa capture en 1980, reste encore aujourd\u2019hui l\u2019un des tueurs en s\u00e9rie am\u00e9ricains les plus notoires. Quelques mois avant son ex\u00e9cution, le 10 mai 1994, un jeune \u00e9tudiant en criminologie de l\u2019universit\u00e9 de l\u2019Illinois nomm\u00e9 Jason Moss prend contact avec le meurtrier. En se faisant passer pour un jeune homosexuel qui cherche sa place dans la soci\u00e9t\u00e9, Moss esp\u00e8re se rapprocher de Gacy afin de lui soutirer des informations sur ses motivations et son \u00e9tat d\u2019\u00e2me en tant que tueur en s\u00e9rie\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cpmMbvnu7wIsBiXbsacvcLtIm7p.jpg", "actors": ["William Forsythe (John Wayne Gacy)", "Jesse Moss (Jason Moss)", "Richard Harmon (Victim)", "Patrick Gilmore (Glen Phillips)", "Karissa Tynes (Amy)", "Emma Lahana (Alyssa)", "Belinda Metz (Valerie Moss)", "Cole Heppell (Alex Moss)", "Eric Keenleyside (Stan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dear Mr. Gacy.\r\n\r\nThe Last Victim (AKA: Dear Mr. Gacy) is directed by Svetozar Ristovski and adapted to screenplay by Kellie Madison and Clark Peterson from Jason Moss' memoir novel The Last Victim. It stars Jesse Moss, William Forsythe, Emma Lahanna, Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and Patrick Gilmore. Music is by Terry Frewer and cinematography by Larry Lynn.\r\n\r\nJohn Wayne Gacy, the mere mention of his name brings shivers, his legacy that of the rape, torture and murder of 33 young men between 1972-1978. Serial Killer films have always been popular, they tap into the psyche where fascination resides. Unfortunately more often than not the films don't contribute much in the way of provoking interesting discussion or adding insight to the killer who is the topic. In fact some skirt the line of tastelessness and exploitation to the point of making the adult viewer a trifle sheepish having just watched them. The Last Victim is thankfully a different beast.\r\n\r\nJason Moss was a criminology student who was fascinated by serial killers. Choosing to use that for the major part of his thesis, he would go on to form a dangerous relationship with the incarcerated Gacy. Posing in profile to that which Gacy was attracted to, Moss began with letters, then phone calls and eventually a meeting with the beast himself. Jason Moss would kill himself in 2006, the significance of which, dates and state of mind etc, are not covered here. This is purely about the naivet\u00e9 of youth, dangerous fascination and the perils of letting a bona fide monster inside of your head.\r\n\r\nIt's not a blood soaked film, it's very character driven, the horrors more of the human mind. Boosted by an intense performance from Forsythe as Gacy, the pic is always compelling, though some poetic licence has been taken to advance the plot dynamics. The flashbacks used are well tied into the narrative thrust, tension is well orchestrated by Ristovski and Frewer's score is unobtrusive but still orchestral and eerie. One of the better serial killer movies available to the intrigued audience, but not because of any stalk and kill tactics and portrayals. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [70877, 28943, 268956, 55888]}