{"tmdb_id": 51565, "title": "The Dragon Murder Case", "original_title": "The Dragon Murder Case", "slug_title": "the-dragon-murder-case", "date": "1934-08-25", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Wonderful idea to give a party with people who dislike each other. Late at night, everyone decides to go into the pool, except Stamm, who is drunk. Montague dives in as does Greeff and Leland, but only Greeff and Leland come out. Montague is no where to be found so Leland suspects foul play and calls the cops. Luckily, Philo is with the D.A. and comes along, but they do not find Montague. When they drain the pool the next day, they find nothing except what looks like dragon prints. Philo has his suspicions and tries to piece the clues together to find out what has happened.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1M1mpCaJ6c7VvadKN7x61d04WFp.jpg", "actors": ["Warren William (Philo Vance)", "Margaret Lindsay (Bernice Stamm)", "Lyle Talbot (Gale Leland)", "Eugene Pallette (Sgt. Ernest Heath)", "Helen Lowell (Mrs. Stamm)", "Robert McWade (Markham)", "Robert Barrat (Stamm)", "Dorothy Tree (Ruby)", "George E. Stone (Tatum)", "Etienne Girardot (Dr. Doremus)", "George Meeker (Monty Montague)", "Robert Warwick (Dr. Halliday)", "William B. Davidson (Greeff)", "Arthur Aylesworth (Trainor - Stamm's Butler)", "Charles C. Wilson (Det. Hennessey)", "Milton Kibbee (Service Station Attendant (uncredited))", "Wilfred Lucas (Police Sergeant (uncredited))", "Bruce Mitchell (Commander (uncredited))", "Cliff Saum (Burt - Detective (uncredited))", "Eddie Shubert (Detective (uncredited))", "Eric Wilton (Currey - Vance's Butler (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [87881, 223816, 201477, 144469], "youtube_key": "notfound"}