{"tmdb_id": 516730, "title": "Story of the Mini", "original_title": "Story of the Mini", "slug_title": "story-of-the-mini", "date": "2003-10-05", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "'The Story of the Mini' tells the story of the small car that became one of the giants in automobile history. Using exclusively shot footage, this programme charts the rise and rise of one of the best loved cars ever made.  Key models have been specially filmed to bring to life the history of this remarkable car from the earliest Mark 1s through to the last versions that saw a revival of interest in the car in the last years of the 20th century. The programme also illustrates just how adaptable the Mini is from mild tuning to full blown customising including a 4 x 4 version with enormous ballon tyres.  This programme includes an interview with Dr Alex Moulton, suspension designer and one of the last surviving members of the small team that created the Mini. We also look at the Mini's remarkable competition heritage both on the track and in rallying. Renowned Mini racer and tuner, Richard Longman whose racing exploits did much to revive interest in the Mini during the late 1970s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fhEzK8I8t5HzEMkKddigOuJblWH.jpg", "actors": ["Alex Moulton ()", "Richard Longman ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "heitbaum", "content": "Additional content from the back cover:\r\n\r\n... exclusively demonstrates his '77 and '78 championship winning car.  Finally the film is brought right up to date with an insight into the new BMW Mini which seems to have created a whole new generation of fans.  Footage and interviews recorded during the 2003 London to Brighton Mini run only underline the enduring popularity of the Mini."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}