{"tmdb_id": 517360, "title": "Temporary Difficulties", "original_title": "\u0412\u0440\u0435\u043c\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438", "slug_title": "temporary-difficulties", "date": "2018-10-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Sasha Korolev has a congenital disorder. The boy\u2019s father has chosen what seemed to him the only correct way to put the son on his feet: to treat him like a healthy person. \u201cYou\u2019re not a patient, you have temporary difficulties\u201d. Eating, getting dressed, going downstairs and walking up the front door steps \u2014 every day the child spends hours on such simple household tasks. At school he is mocked by his peers, and there is no help to expect.  The boy has coped with the illness, but started hating the father. When he finished school, Sasha left home and stopped all contact with the father. Over the past 15 years he has become the best business consultant in the country, who has helped hundreds of businesses out of crisis. \u201cYou have no a crisis, you have temporary difficulties\u201d, \u2014 Sasha would say to his clients, having gone along a difficult path himself. And one day, a new order unexpectedly gives him the opportunity to settle accounts with the father...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4QfcpRiM2f0cNSq8N4jnqNG07Nw.jpg", "actors": ["Rinal Mukhametov (Sasha Kovalev)", "Ivan Okhlobystin (Sasha Kovalev's father)", "Ilya Ryazanov (Sasha Kovalev in childhood)", "Viktoriya Solovyova ()", "Yan Tsapnik ()", "Irina Pegova ()", "Irina Bezryadnova ()", "Nicholay Kovbas ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [511374, 499346, 440627, 444218], "youtube_key": "notfound"}