{"tmdb_id": 5174, "title": "Rush Hour 3", "original_title": "Rush Hour 3", "slug_title": "rush-hour-3", "date": "2007-08-08", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans quelques heures, l'ambassadeur chinois Han compte r\u00e9v\u00e9ler l'identit\u00e9 du ma\u00eetre du plus puissant syndicat criminel du monde, les Triades chinoises. Lee est charg\u00e9 de le prot\u00e9ger. Lorsque Carter, rel\u00e9gu\u00e9 depuis quelque temps \u00e0 la circulation, apprend que l'ambassadeur vient de se faire tirer dessus, il se pr\u00e9cipite sur les lieux pour intervenir, mais il ne parvient qu'\u00e0 g\u00eaner Lee et \u00e0 permettre \u00e0 l'assassin de s'enfuir.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qgaDWYLrnEPJpc5Lp35WbgX7GfS.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Tucker (Det. James Carter)", "Jackie Chan (Chief Insp. Lee)", "Hiroyuki Sanada (Kenji)", "Max von Sydow (Varden Reynard)", "Yvan Attal (George)", "Roman Polanski (Det. Revi)", "Zhang Jingchu (Soo Yung)", "Philip Baker Hall (Capt. William Diel)", "No\u00e9mie Lenoir (Genevieve)", "Sarah Shahi (Zoe (uncredited))", "Youki Kudoh (Dragon Lady)", "Tzi Ma (Ambassador Han)", "Dana Ivey (Sister Agnes)", "Henry O (Master Yu)", "Mia Tyler (Marsha)", "Michael Chow (Chinese Foreign Minister)", "Kentaro (French Assassin)", "Ann Christine (Dressing Room Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lee I got a big problem man this guys on steroids! His head is as big as Barry Bonds!\r\n\r\nAh look, as you have most likely heard by now, this is not as good as the first two films and it's just a little bit tired in formula. However, it's still a bunch of fun if you already buy into the fastest mouth/fastest hands pairing of Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. The plot is incidental, thus simple, and the emphasis here is more on fun than electrifying action. Though the finale here is edge of the seat exciting and laugh inducing in equal measure. There's some truly good one liners thrown out and the chemistry between the two actors is still very much evident.\r\n\r\nUndemanding it is for sure, even disposable if it was to be judged as a single action/comedy entry, but it closes the trilogy down safe enough and the smile should rarely leave your face upon viewing. 6.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Arguably works as an example of the sort of red flags one might want to look out for if they suspect that a film's director is (like Brett Ratner) a sex offender.\r\n\r\nBut as a movie? Nah, not so much.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605 - Of no value. Avoid at all costs._"}], "recommandations_id": [5175, 2109, 6038, 8584], "youtube_key": "sKf4ef4j6qQ"}