{"tmdb_id": 518958, "title": "Timeless: The Composer/Arranger Series (Arthur Verocai)", "original_title": "Timeless: The Composer/Arranger Series (Arthur Verocai)", "slug_title": "timeless-the-composer-arranger-series-arthur-verocai", "date": "2010-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Folk-jazz composer/arranger Arthur Verocai was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has created challenging arragements and compositions for Brazilian artists Jorge Ben, Ivan Lins, Leny Andrade and Gal Costa. In 1972 Verocai recorded a self-titled solo LP. It is a stunningly innovative effort. It puts Verocai into a rarified field with the heavy string oriented music of Charles Stepney, David Axelrod and Frank Zappa. Released in a period marked by the Brazilian military government, the album fared poorly. Following its re-issue in 2003, the album has become a highly influential oft sampled classic (see Ludacris, MF Doom and Little Brother). The performance of this seminal 1972 record in its entirety brought the capacity Luckmann crowd to a stand still. According to Verocai, 'he had never played the record, alive or dead!' His delight can be seen on the DVD. The music has been mixed by Verocai himself in Rio. History turned on its head and musical justice served.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m4ucG0JOQJw6yRjOSYu8Wq93Rf6.jpg", "actors": ["Aloisio Aguiar ()", "Eothen Alapatt ()", "Justo Almario ()", "Woody Aplanalp ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}