{"tmdb_id": 51947, "title": "Secouez la main du diable", "original_title": "Shake Hands with the Devil", "slug_title": "secouez-la-main-du-diable", "date": "1959-06-24", "genre": ["Drame / Action"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1921 \u00e0 Dublin, l'IRA lutte contre les \u00abBlack & Tans\u00bb, forces sp\u00e9ciales britanniques qui se livrent \u00e0 des mesures s\u00e9v\u00e8res. L'\u00e9tudiant en m\u00e9decine irlando-am\u00e9ricain Kerry O'Shea esp\u00e8re rester \u00e0 l'\u00e9cart, mais sauver un ami bless\u00e9 le met hors la loi, et inexorablement attir\u00e9 dans l'organisation rebelle ... sous son ancien professeur Sean Lenihan, qui a \"serr\u00e9 la main du diable\" et commenc\u00e9 \u00e0 penser au combat comme une fin en soi. Des complications surviennent lorsque Kerry tombe amoureux d'un bel otage anglais, et que les Britanniques offrent un trait\u00e9 de paix qui ne suffit pas \u00e0 satisfaire Lenihan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sGwbTul6yAI7BkYqzY0C0tT7Ue8.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (Sean Lenihan)", "Don Murray (Kerry O'Shea)", "Dana Wynter (Jennifer Curtis)", "Glynis Johns (Kitty Brady)", "Michael Redgrave (The General)", "Sybil Thorndike (Lady Fitzhugh)", "Cyril Cusack (Chris Noonan)", "Marianne Benet (Mary Madigan)", "John Breslin (Timmy McGrath)", "Harry Brogan (Tom Cassidy)", "Richard Harris (Terence O'Brien)", "William Hartnell (Sergeant Jenkins)", "John Le Mesurier (British General)", "Niall MacGinnis (Michael O'Leary)", "Ray McAnally (Paddy Nolan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Loaded Weapon.\r\n\r\nShake Hands with the Devil is directed by Michael Anderson and adapted to screenplay by Marian Spitzer from the novel written by Rearden Conner. It stars James Cagney, Don Murray, Dana Wynter, Glynis Johns, Michael Redgrave and Sybil Thorndike. Music is by William Alywyn and cinematography by Erwin Hillier.\r\n\r\nIt's 1920s Dublin, Ireland, and the Irish Republican Army are at war with the British Black & Tans. Into the conflict comes Irish American Kerry O'Shea (Murray), who in spite of being apolitical is drawn into darker waters as the violence rages. Complications arise when a hostage situation unfurls, all while the strings are being pulled by the IRA's fearsome commandant, Sean Lenihan (Cagney), who wants Kerry under his wing.\r\n\r\nIt has always been a tricky subject to film, the so called Irish Troubles, for too many film makers have either been ignorant of the facts in the name of good cinema, or so fuelled by other motives it's difficult to get on side with such one sided venom. Michael Anderson's film, whilst itself harbouring dubious political material, deserves plaudits for trying to come at the topic from both sides, embracing the complexities of the issues and never shying away from the violence that tore through parts of Ireland. Even if it ends up being a little confused as to its aims.\r\n\r\nFilmed on location predominantly in Dublin, there's almighty strength in the cinematography of Hillier (The Mark of Cain/Chase a Crooked Shadow). The night time shots of damp cobbled streets and gaslights are ethereal, while in daytime the lush landscapes are imposing yet still giving off a depressing hue. On the acting front it's Cagney who dominates, in one of his craziest and most crafty roles, he's a Vesuvius who darts between being the honourable cause man, to that of a psychotic who doesn't believe peace is a viable option. Strong support comes from Wynter and Johns.\r\n\r\nPolitical hot-pot with wrought emotion, and action scenes that impact as Cagney does his stuff, Shake Hands with the Devil leaves a mark. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [56530, 130602, 24512, 47256], "youtube_key": "notfound"}