{"tmdb_id": 51997, "title": "Une Balle sign\u00e9e X", "original_title": "No Name on the Bullet", "slug_title": "une-balle-signee-x", "date": "1959-02-01", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Western"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "John Gant, un tueur \u00e0 gages, arrive \u00e0 Lordsburg. Personne ne sait qui il est venu abattre et la parano\u00efa s'empare de la ville.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n8qVixxzI01vNDJbeXuIpxX675O.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (John Gant)", "Charles Drake (Luke Canfield)", "Joan Evans (Anne Benson)", "Virginia Grey (Roseanne Fraden)", "Warren Stevens (Lou Fraden)", "R.G. Armstrong (Asa Canfield)", "Willis Bouchey (Buck Hastings)", "Edgar Stehli (Judge Benson)", "Simon Scott (Reeger)", "Karl Swenson (Stricker)", "Whit Bissell (Pierce)", "Charles Watts (Sid)", "Jerry Paris (Harold Miller)", "Russ Bender (Storekeeper)", "John Alderson (Chaffee)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "He could be as innocent as a baby, but the things that are happening here are still his fault.\r\n\r\nJohn Gant is a hired assassin, whenever he rides into a town the whole townsfolk wonder who it is who is on his list. John Gant is a very shrewed assassin for he never gets arrested because he never draws first, he psychologically gets under his targets skins forcing them to shoot first, and John Gant always has witnesses. Today, John Gant has rode into Lordsburg, and from today things will never be the same again...\r\n\r\nIn CinemaScope and Eastman Color\r\n\r\nDirected by Jack Arnold, we open with a vision of sprawling hills and a vast landscape (DOP: Harold Lipstein), a man handsomely attired in pristine black clothing trots past on his shiny black horse, he gathers pace and gallops off over the hills, we next see him trotting into Lordsburg, elegance and grace oozing from his pores. This is John Gant, also known as Audie Murphy, and for me we are introduced to one of the greatest Western characters outside of the critics favoured lists of usual suspects.\r\n\r\nAudie Murphy had his critics, he himself hardly went out of his way to embrace stardom and pander to the ink scribblers, but here as Gant is a performance of icy cold wonderment that in my opinion proves any doubters wrong. Gant rides into Lordsburg and his mere presence sends the town into panic, friends and associates implode with suspicion whilst Gant just calmly floats amongst them with little leers and low speaking pearls of wisdom. As Gant forms a weird sort of friendship with Charles Drake's Dr. Luke Canfield, the picture gains some much needed heart, and once the finale arrives it helps to close the picture on a hugely rewarding note.\r\n\r\nThe film reminded me very much of a Twilight Zone episode called The Monsters Are Due On Maple Street, it's a great story to work from {courtesy of Howard Amacker}, because it's morally suspicious and it has characters always on the brink of breaking the law through the sheer worry of their sins and dubious intentions coming back to get them. My only real complaints are that the film is far to short, not sure if it was down to budget or acting restrictions? But clocking in at just 77 minutes I personally feel that another 15 minutes was a must to fully flesh out the finale, and sadly the exterior filming of the gorgeous locale is sparse, which is most galling after the attention grabbing opening shots. However, the film still works a treat and comes highly recommended to even those who don't like Westerns. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [78550, 71768, 43308, 64139], "youtube_key": "Pn8lxntvjXY"}