{"tmdb_id": 51992, "title": "And Soon the Darkness", "original_title": "And Soon the Darkness", "slug_title": "and-soon-the-darkness", "date": "1970-09-10", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Two young English women go on a cycling tour of the French countryside. When one of them goes missing, the other begins to search for her. But who can she trust?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r2ztVT5hUCM2okTH9CxwKYLvYJr.jpg", "actors": ["Pamela Franklin (Jane)", "Michele Dotrice (Cathy)", "Sandor El\u00e8s (Paul)", "John Nettleton (Gendarme)", "Clare Kelly (Schoolmistress)", "Hana Maria Pravda (Madame Lassal)", "John Franklyn (Old Man)", "Claude Bertrand (Lassal)", "Jean Carmet (Renier)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Daylight Dread.\r\n\r\nJane (Pamela Franklin) and Cathy (Michele Dotrice) are a couple of British nurses taking a bicycle vacation through rural France. When they have an argument, Jane storms off ahead leaving Cathy sunbathing on the grass. Later on Jane returns but can find no trace of Cathy, stuck in a foreign land and unable to speak the language, Jane soon finds herself in grave danger as she searches frantically for her lost friend.\r\n\r\nThe title is about the protagonist trying to resolve a mystery/terror situation before the darkness falls. Film is completely set in daylight time, with a very limited amount of characters, and no extended bouts of dialogue. Looking at it from the outside, you would not be thought of as ignorant for expecting this to not be frightening or thrilling, yet it is both. The isolation of the countryside is a foreboding presence here, which coupled with Jane\u2019s isolation as a foreigner, makes for edgy atmospherics.\r\n\r\nDirector Robert Fuest is in no hurry what so ever to start turning the screws, so the first half of pic is very slow, but patience is rewarded once the girls argue and split up. Then Fuest starts introducing peripheral characters, and writers Brian Clemens and Terry Nation dangle bits of dark information into the plot, about the area and its history. The mystery element is amped up high, the perpetrator could quite easily be anyone who Jane meets, and then we lurch into paranoia and peril when all will be revealed in a wave of daylight dreadfulness. \r\n\r\nCritics were (are) very much divided about the picture, complaints ranging from it being nasty and distasteful, to it being too labourious for its own good. But it has a very good fan base, and it certainly does what it sets out to do by putting those wiling to invest fully in it on to the edge of their seats. Recommended on proviso you are prepared to bare with it for the first 45 minutes. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42594, 42676, 29562, 41035], "youtube_key": "DmEOl29iy8c"}