{"tmdb_id": 52109, "title": "Torrents d'amour", "original_title": "Love Streams", "slug_title": "torrents-d-amour", "date": "1984-02-20", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "En amour, Sarah est passionn\u00e9e, jalouse et possessive. Se sentant trahie par son mari et sa fille, elle d\u00e9barque chez son fr\u00e8re Robert, riche \u00e9crivain accro \u00e0 la d\u00e9bauche, alors que le fils de ce dernier vient de lui \u00eatre confi\u00e9. D\u00e8s qu\u2019il la reconna\u00eet, il se jette dans ses bras. La crise qu'ils traversent les r\u00e9unit de nouveau. Une \u00e9trange et folle relation s'\u00e9tablit entre ces deux \u00eatres \u00e0 la d\u00e9rive... Leur amour mutuel r\u00e9ussira-t-il \u00e0 les apaiser ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c5uyQfWvzCVsCHL13J5JBZ61SQJ.jpg", "actors": ["Gena Rowlands (Sarah Lawson)", "John Cassavetes (Robert Harmon)", "Diahnne Abbott (Susan)", "Seymour Cassel (Jack Lawson)", "Margaret Abbott (Margarita)", "Jakob Shaw (Albie Swanson)", "Eddy Donno (Stepfather Swanson)", "Joan Foley (Judge Dunbar)", "Al Ruban (Milton Kravitz)", "Tom Badal (Sam the Lawyer)", "Doe Avedon (Mrs. Kiner)", "Leslie Hope (Joanie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "It was wonderful seeing John Cassavetes and wife Gena Rowlands play brother and sister, each with serious sanity issues, in 'Love Streams' (I had only previously seen them together in the stellar 'Opening Night', my favourite Cassavetes film), from a script he co-wrote with the author of the 1980 stage play, Ted Allan (Cassavetes' character, Robert Harmon, was originally played by Jon Voight on stage). While his earliest film, 'Shadows', is least pleasing to me simply because I don't feel his cast there was of the quality necessary to handle that large degree of spontaneity and improvisation, by two decades later, he had refined (and perhaps perfected) his approach, and it's a great day for the two stars as well as stock company mainstay Seymour Cassel, who's always a treat to see. I strongly urge that if you have a sibling you love but currently have problems relating with, to take the time, watch the film with them, and learn something about yourself. This is probably the finest moment of Golan-Globus Films as well..."}], "recommandations_id": [33665, 55847, 24349, 36226], "youtube_key": "vYgfCTWA9TU"}