{"tmdb_id": 521171, "title": "God Code", "original_title": "God Code", "slug_title": "god-code", "date": "2018-04-08", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Behind locked doors in St. Petersburg, Russia is the Leningrad Codex, the world's oldest complete text of the Hebrew Bible. Because of its ancient origins, it is a purer version of the Bible--containing words and characters lost in later translations. Timothy Smith, an antiquities expert, believes he's found an intricate code hidden within its text, one that may not show up in later translations. This two-hour special takes viewers on a journey across the globe to find out if the hidden code is real. If it is, could this be the actual word of God? A code written into his own divine work. A master plan for history? The code is said to point to a diverse variety of historical events from the rise of Hitler to the threat of North Korea and it may even point to the location of one of the greatest treasures of all, the lost Arc of the Covenant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zAJMnPXCmg8rVMNudwtlMQDAQjh.jpg", "actors": ["Timothy P. Smith (Self)", "Ruby Namdar (Self)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dsnake1", "content": "Biblical code prophecies aren't anything new. They aren't even particularly interesting. Finding tangentially connected phrases using arbitrary letter skips that somewhat relate to past events in a massive text isn't particularly groundbreaking. \r\n\r\nThankfully, the documentary doesn't really focus on apocalyptic Bible codes or even past ones. The narrator mentions it a few times around planned commercial breaks early in the documentary to keep people around, but the most interesting part of the film came near the end. \r\n\r\nThe documentary is primarily focused on locating the Ark of the Covenant and the rumored original Torah contained within. This is Tim Smith's, the man who found the codes, goal, as an original copy of the Torah could reveal codes that have been lost to time due to errors from scribes.\r\n\r\nWhile the general theme of the movie, unsurprisingly, is about using the God Code found in the Bible to locate the Ark, other interesting tidbits of information are added as well in regards to the location of Solomon's temple. This information compounds with the code Smith has found regarding the Ark's location.\r\n\r\nOf course, the film doesn't offer any opposing information, but overall, it's a fairly interesting History Channel-style documentary, even if the first 30 minutes could be cut out."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "w8RJPPKyzH0"}