{"tmdb_id": 52117, "title": "Hamburger: The Motion Picture", "original_title": "Hamburger: The Motion Picture", "slug_title": "hamburger-the-motion-picture", "date": "1986-05-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Russell has been expelled from several schools for lewd, crude and nude conduct. Busterburger University is his last chance at education and satisfying his disappointed parents", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/phvXzZDieOOp0eOXBdHBIfqLb8v.jpg", "actors": ["Leigh McCloskey (Russell)", "Dick Butkus (Drootin)", "Randi Brooks (Mrs. Vunk)", "Chuck McCann (Dr. Mole)", "Jack Blessing (Nacio Herb Zipser)", "Charles Tyner (Lyman Vunk)", "Debra Blee (Mia Vunk)", "Sandy Hackett (Fred Domino)", "John William Young (Prestopopnick (as John Young))", "Chip McAllister (Magneto Jones)", "Barbara Whinnery (Sister Sara)", "Maria Richwine (Conchita)", "Karen Mayo-Chandler (Dr. Victoria Gotbottom)", "Robert Hogan (Russell's Parent)", "Lillian Garrett (Russell's Parent)", "Jon Lovitz (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Brandon", "content": "The eighties were a strange and amazing time. Sex, Drugs and Political Incorrectness were all the rage. Synth heavy pop and bright colors ran rampant while coke and booze fueled it. This particular eighties picture delivers the above in strides. \r\n\r\nA fast food company holds a job fair retreat to find perspective employees. Needless to say things go a bit awry and hilarity ensues. At least I think it's supposed too. \r\n\r\nThe highlight for me was seeing Dick Butkus acting comically. He was a delight. It's a contrast to the rest of the movie. Typical cliche campy schlock. \r\n\r\nThis movie delivers nothing but nostalgia. It's not creative, funny or enticing. But it delivers memories in spades. Movies like this might suck to some degree but they still make me smile."}], "recommandations_id": [38981, 53151, 85182, 25576], "youtube_key": "JUpWMN9Rm5Q"}