{"tmdb_id": 522726, "title": "School of Black Cock", "original_title": "School of Black Cock", "slug_title": "school-of-black-cock", "date": "2012-07-05", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Indigo got sent to Detention for breaking school rules and decided to use her time there wisely...by getting double-teamed by two black monster cocks! Once a rebel, always a rebel.  Sidney Scarlet's teacher, Mr. Marcus, taught her all about girth, size and the relative elasticity of her tight pussy...with his huge black cock.  In Woodshop class, Professor Sean Michaels gave Mr. Pete a lesson on how to work his wood in-and-out of Severin Graves' ass while he fucked her pussy with his dark \"tool\". DP 101.  Nerdy Veruca James broke down the school's firewall so Julius could access BurningAngel.com in the computer lab. He thanked her by pounding her asshole with his big black dick. In HTML code, that's.  After she was diagnosed with \"Jungle Fever\", Sally ran to the school nurse for treatment. Luckily, the nurse had just the right medicine for her: chocolate cock milk to coat the throat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aiHO9o1RHtiyHt3JqlffEXSMHPn.jpg", "actors": ["Indigo Augustine ()", "Sally Sparrow ()", "Severin Graves ()", "Sidney Scarlet ()", "Veruca James ()", "Joanna Angel ()", "Chad Alva ()", "Dane Cross ()", "Danny Wylde ()", "John Strong ()", "Julius Ceazher ()", "Mark Wood ()", "Mick Blue ()", "Mr. Marcus ()", "Mr. Pete ()", "Sean Michaels ()", "Tee Reel ()", "Wolf Hudson ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}