{"tmdb_id": 52274, "title": "Les yeux de Julia", "original_title": "Los ojos de Julia", "slug_title": "les-yeux-de-julia", "date": "2010-10-29", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Quand Julia apprend la mort de sa soeur Sara, tout semble indiquer qu\u2019elle s\u2019est suicid\u00e9e. Mais Julia n\u2019arrive pas \u00e0 accepter cette version des faits et commence \u00e0 passer au crible les \u00e9v\u00e9nements qui ont eu lieu les derniers mois avant le drame...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5u4kxQVmyWmg9Aw95SRR7bapnmN.jpg", "actors": ["Bel\u00e9n Rueda (Julia / Sara)", "Pablo Derqui (Iv\u00e1n)", "Joan Dalmau (Cr\u00e9spulo)", "Clara Segura (Mina)", "Llu\u00eds Homar (Isaac)", "Francesc Orella (Inspector Dimas)", "Julia Guti\u00e9rrez Caba (Soledad)", "Daniel Grao (Dr. Rom\u00e1n)", "\u00d2scar Foronda (Polic\u00eda 2 Aparcamiento)", "Boris Ruiz (Blasco)", "Andrea Hermosa (L\u00eda)", "Dani Codina (Iv\u00e1n)", "Pere Ventura (Polic\u00eda Aparcamiento 1)", "Ram\u00f3n Moreno (Enfermero 1)", "Jos\u00e9 S\u00e1nchez Orosa (Enfermero 2)", "Carlus F\u00e1brega (Subinspector)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Matt Golden", "content": "Twin sisters Julia and Sara (each played by Bel\u00e9n Rueda) both suffer from a degenerative eye disease that robs them of their sight; Sara lost her vision completely, and it\u2019s only a matter of time before Julia\u2019s sight follows. The film begins with the death of the blind Sara, apparently being menaced by someone in her home, then hanging herself. Details surrounding Sara\u2019s death don\u2019t add up for Julia, however; why would Sara kill herself? She was scheduled to have an operation to restore her sight, and she just met someone. Julia and her husband Isaac (Llu\u00eds Homar) begin to investigate, but time is running out: Sara may have been murdered, her danger is now turning toward Julia, and the added stress is stealing Julia\u2019s remaining vision ever faster...\r\n\r\nThere are so many great concepts here. The most primary is blindness, and the terror it invokes. Our heroine knows the remaining time she has with her sight is short, and the agony she (and her husband) feels over its loss is palpable. Not content with the mundane horror of blindness, the film ups the ante by putting this woman with ever-dimming sight into a life-or-death struggle to discover what happened to her sister and prevent it from befalling her as well. Few horror films are able put their protagonist in such a nail-bitingly vulnerable position.\r\n\r\nEven fewer horror films, however, have the terrific Bel\u00e9n Rueda anchoring them. Rueda\u2019s performance is incredible, by turns vulnerable, heartbroken, terrified and full of steely resolve. She and Homar have a warm, believable chemistry that informs their performances as a married couple with a devastating disease hanging over their heads. Will he love her when she\u2019s blind? Will he abandon her? He\u2019s sick with worry over the stress and her imminent plunge into blindness. She\u2019s driven by guilt to discover what happened to her sister, even knowing what it may cost her.\r\n\r\nThe film itself is a masterwork of tension and style, including some gorgeous and clever cinematography by \u00d3scar Faura. This is indeed one of the most stylish thrillers I\u2019ve ever seen, particularly a conceit that director Guillem Morales effects around the midway point and is clever, frustrating, and hideously effective. The film eschews (as all the best do) copious blood and gore, and milks the quiet horror of Julia\u2019s predicament for everything it\u2019s worth.\r\n\r\nThere are a couple of story beats high-concept enough they may raise your eyebrow after the fact, but when your film is this immaculately-crafted, this terrifying, this effective\u2026who the hell cares? If you\u2019re not on the edge of your seat by the time of the film\u2019s hellishly tense finale, I fear you may require medical attention. Mystery, thriller, horror, character study\u2026the film is all these things and more, blended into an arresting film experience that elicits a full catalog of fears ranging from the mundane to the Grand Guignol.\r\n\r\nJulia\u2019s Eyes is ever more proof of what I\u2019ve been saying: these days, the best horror films speak Spanish."}], "recommandations_id": [6537, 77495, 111083, 17111]}