{"tmdb_id": 52324, "title": "Sixty Million Dollar Man", "original_title": "\u767e\u8b8a\u661f\u541b", "slug_title": "sixty-million-dollar-man", "date": "1995-08-19", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Shing est un \u00e9tudiant pourri par l\u2019argent de son milliardaire de p\u00e8re. Il croise un beau jour la superbe Sylvia qu\u2019il pense pouvoir dominer comme il domine tous les gens qui l\u2019entourent. Mais la belle s\u2019av\u00e8re \u00eatre la fianc\u00e9e d\u2019un terrible yakuza qui l\u2019envoie bien vite \u00ab ad patres \u00bb\u2026\r Un scientifique parvient \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer sa bouche et d\u00e9cide de le recomposer \u00e0 partir de cet organe. L\u2019op\u00e9ration est un succ\u00e8s et donne naissance \u00e0 \u00ab l\u2019Homme qui valait 60 millions de dollars \u00bb\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dgwypn4WirPhsDscYzBKGZByvc4.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Chow (Lee Chak-Sing)", "Gigi Leung (Chung-Chung)", "Ng Man-Tat (Tat)", "Paulyn Sun (Bonnie)", "Chi Fai Chan (Teacher)", "Joe Cheng (Fumito)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TehBotolSosro", "content": "I have always been a big fan Stephen Chow's earlier works(mid 80's to late 90's) as his slapstick comedies never failed to make me laugh, and I am the type of person who usually don't laugh too easily when watching comedies.\r\n\r\nThe main setting where the film was being shot is in Hawaii, I think. The story revolves around a rich playboy who gets blown into pieces by a group of mafia when he got into trouble messing with the lady of the boss. That is the point when the plot gets ridiculously funny. Most of the jokes do not make much sense, and that is where this movie takes off.\r\n\r\nThe partially dead playboy was resurrected by a white-haired Einstein like professor for $6000 since the dad couldn't pay for the expenses of the real operation, sixty million dollars. That is where the title of this movie was taken from. Well, you guessed it right. From sixty million dollars to six thousand dollars. A whopping reduction in operation costs that resulted in a less-than-perfect resurrected form.\r\n\r\nThe playboy can now turn into various forms as he wishes and consumes batteries as his main diet. The funniest aspect of this movie is IMO the imperfect state of his penis which has been substituted with a shower hose. The first time when he wanted to take a pee and found out about his penis, when he took the hose in his hand and said \"What is this ah\" before he fainted, I nearly choke on my popcorn. Damn that is hilarious.\r\n\r\nLater on, he got a post as a school teacher in an institution that was full of problematic students. Things just get crazier from there.\r\n\r\nTo summarize, Stephen Chow is the Asian Jim Carrey with the jokes taken to more ridiculous levels."}], "recommandations_id": [64083, 75197, 51730, 37703]}