{"tmdb_id": 5241, "title": "A fleur de peau", "original_title": "Two Moon Junction", "slug_title": "a-fleur-de-peau", "date": "1988-04-29", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Sur le point de se marier avec un homme fortun\u00e9, la belle April fait la rencontre de Perry, dont elle tombe amoureuse...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/l06WvRHE9pTLp8QYknkKr74uWqJ.jpg", "actors": ["Sherilyn Fenn (April Delongpre)", "Richard Tyson (Perry)", "Louise Fletcher (Belle Delongpre)", "Burl Ives (Sheriff Earl Hawkins)", "Kristy McNichol (Patti Jean)", "Martin Hewitt (Chad Douglas Fairchild)", "Juanita Moore (Delilah)", "Don Galloway (Senator Delongpre)", "Millie Perkins (Mrs. Delongpre)", "Milla Jovovich (Samantha Delongpre)", "Chris Pedersen (Speed)", "Herv\u00e9 Villechaize (Smiley)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A Southern belle has second thoughts about getting married after meeting a carnie hunk***  \r\n\r\nFreshly graduated from college, a sultry Alabama debutante (Sherilyn Fenn) is sidetracked from her semi-arranged marriage in a couple of weeks by a hunky carnival worker (Richard Tyson). Louise Fletcher plays the unbending matriarch, Kristy McNichol a street-smart trucker and Burl Ives a seasoned sheriff.\r\n\r\nThis is a drama/romance that would fit into Southern Gothic. Unlike most of these films, \u201cTwo Moon Junction\u201d (1988) curiously throws in softcore nudity and sex. If that turns you off, I suggest staying away. I think it\u2019s the main reason people look down on this flick and write it off as \u201csexploitation trash\u201d and \u201ca romance novel put to film.\u201d I wouldn\u2019t know because I\u2019ve never read one, although my wife encouraged me to read one once (because it had fantasy elements) and I couldn\u2019t get past the first chapter; too much kissy-kissy.\r\n\r\nIf you can get past that or roll with it, this is an entertaining Southern Gothic with a worthy script and the social mindfood thereof (I\u2019m not getting where people say it comes off as if it were written by a 10 year-old, not at all). There\u2019s a hypnotic quality to some of the proceedings, like the haunting \u201cPoison Ivy\u201d (1992), but without the melancholy.  \r\n\r\nTyson as the roustabout looks like a more rugged version of Val Kilmer, albeit with darker, longer hair. Fenn is surely beautiful and shown tastefully (and unnecessarily) nude in the last act, but she\u2019s actually outshined by McNichol in her physical prime. Seriously, Kristy is just stunning and worth the price of admission.\r\n\r\nThe script was well thought out and includes several gems, like the deep communication through the windows of the soul phenomenon and the dilapidated mansion that April (Fenn) and her friends used to hang out at when they were teens, calling it \u201cour place.\u201d Then there\u2019s the sheriff, who\u2019s in the pocket of the matriarch, and his respectful, but no-nonsense dealings with Perry (Tyson); and the latter\u2019s love for his dog. Also, the commentary on the gulf between the Southern aristocracy and the \u201criffraff\u201d is insightful. Should April mind that gulf and be well compensated or go with her heart? Either way, it\u2019s a risk.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 44 minutes and was shot in Los Angeles County, California. The producers do a pretty good job of trying to make Southern Cal look like Alabama, but you can tell in a few scenes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [18588, 57035, 47676, 104334]}