{"tmdb_id": 524720, "title": "Sound of the Pipe", "original_title": "T\u00fct\u0259k S\u0259si", "slug_title": "sound-of-the-pipe", "date": "1975-12-01", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The novelette was written by I.Huseynov.  In the film, the problem of war is viewed from the perspective of love. Almost all of the men of the village are at the battlefront. The women who stayed in the night and day to support their efforts. Children wake up in the middle of the night, crying for bread. All of the villagers feel anxious for the men to return. Mothers are waiting for their sons; wives, for their husbands and children, for their fathers. When Sayali's husband dies at the front, her husband's friend Jabrayil proposes to her. The people of the village are furious. Jabrayil's brothers leave home, convinced that their family has been disgraced. One brother goesw crazy; the other fall ill and dies. The only person who doesn't blame Jabrayil is the \"agsaggal\" (the wise old man) of the village - Isfandiyar Kishi. In this film, note single sound of weaponry is heard, not are any battle scenes depicted, yet we still witness the inherent tragedy of war.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qJjZZLnIpDbL3fIBAlfqOZViSLC.jpg", "actors": ["Akif Maharramov (Tapdig)", "Mikhail Volontir (Jabrail)", "Mammadrza Sheikhzamanov (Isfandiyar)", "Yusif Valiyev (The Sword Gurban)", "Liya Eliava (Sayali)", "Safura Ibrahimova (Ismat)", "Khalida Guliyeva (Milli)", "Shukufa Yusupova (Tutu)", "Otkam Isgandarov (Nuru)", "Sadig Huseynov (Rza)", "Susan Majidova (Sughra)", "Gumrah Rahimov (Mukhtar)", "Zemfira Sadigova (Khadica)", "Vagif Mustafayev ()", "Mukhtar Avsharov ()", "Sadagat Zulfugarova (Villager)", "Samaya Musayeva ()", "Mammadsadig Nuriyev (Salim)", "Sadig Hasanzadeh (Zahid)", "Garay Alibeyov ()", "Shamil Suleymanov (Jumru)", "Javahir Bayramova (Villager)", "Shamsi Shamsizadeh (Tahir)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}