{"tmdb_id": 52505, "title": "Un hiver \u00e0 Central Park", "original_title": "The Other Woman", "slug_title": "un-hiver-a-central-park", "date": "2010-10-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune femme qui cherche d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment \u00e0 sauver son mariage, va tenter d'y parvenir au travers de sa relation avec son beau-fils, pr\u00e9coce pour son \u00e2ge...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kdXQTMwQlHqnx21nYAN8g3tAn46.jpg", "actors": ["Natalie Portman (Emilia Greenleaf)", "Scott Cohen (Jack Woolf)", "Charlie Tahan (William Woolf)", "Lauren Ambrose (Mindy)", "Lisa Kudrow (Carolyne Soule)", "Michael Cristofer (Sheldon Greenleaf)", "Debra Monk (Laura Greenleaf)", "Elizabeth Marvel (Pia)", "Anthony Rapp (Simon)", "Mona Lerche (Sonia)", "Kendra Kassebaum (Sharlene)", "Mary Joy (Marilyn)", "Maria Dizzia (Jamie Brennan)", "Ira Hawkins (Businessman)", "Daisy Tahan (Emma)", "Natalia Volkodaeva (Tatiana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A guilt for losing the own baby and being labelled as a bad step-mother.**\r\n\r\nIt is also known as 'Love and Other Impossible Pursuits', which is the name of the book the film was adapted. According to me this is a very underrated film. Especially Natalie Portman was never seen before. This film was beautiful because of her. Might have been the same if any other actress who had played that role, but the thing is the character Emilia makes this story great. I would have given any top award the available around the globe for that incredible character display. It should have been recognised, sadly that did not happen because of the filthy film critics.\r\n\r\nFeels good watching it. This might not be a biographical film, but surely this is happening around us. The writing was so impressive. How the character Emilia was portrayed is the film's highlight. It was a simple character, that does not mean the life has to be simple as well. She falls in love with a married man and later she get married to him to become a step-mother to his child. That's where the problem arises when her baby dies in her arm, everybody points her for not being cautious with her step-son. This is a big task and how she comes out of it was revealed with lots of small twists and turns in the tale.\r\n\r\nNot just Natalie, but all the supporting cast was brilliant, including the husband, the kid and the ex. The story of loss, marriage, taking care a child and other struggles in life. Initially it did not look good with those affairs, but when it got past the half way mark, the rest of the film rebalanced the entire film. I liked how it ended. That final scene was very good. Even if you are an atheist, that end dialogues makes the major difference to favour the film. I haven't read the book, but seems the film was better than the book. Being a film fanatic and failing to recommending it to you would be a mistake. So I recommend it to particularly the grown-ups.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [358180, 134434, 358148, 359921], "youtube_key": "VzWY97XJR2M"}