{"tmdb_id": 525041, "title": "A Christmas Prince : The Royal Wedding", "original_title": "A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding", "slug_title": "a-christmas-prince-the-royal-wedding", "date": "2018-11-30", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "L'heure du mariage de l'ann\u00e9e a enfin sonn\u00e9 ! Mais Amber et Richard parviendront-ils \u00e0 surmonter le poids des convenances royales pour convoler en justes noces ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/26X0iff17g5cW51QPBFYWED541N.jpg", "actors": ["Rose McIver (Amber)", "Ben Lamb (Prince Richard)", "Alice Krige (Queen Helena)", "Honor Kneafsey (Princess Emily)", "Theo Devaney (Simon)", "Sarah Douglas (Mrs. Averill)", "John Guerrasio (Rudy Moore)", "Andy Lucas (Mr. Zabala)", "Simon Dutton (Lord Leopold)", "Katarina \u010cas (Chef Ivana)", "Richard Ashton (Mr. Little)", "Raj Bajaj (Sahil)", "Joel McVeagh (Andy)", "Tahirah Sharif (Melissa)", "Tom Knight (Prime Minister Denzil)", "Billy Angell (Tom Quill)", "David Broughton-Davies (Ernest Mason)", "Claudiu Trandafir (Drunkard)", "Razvan Gheorghiu (Pastor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "trineo03", "content": "First of all, the acting in this film is still pretty good. For some of the characters, they started to become for like real people, again I would love to give an example but I forgot all about this film. I don\u2019t know how this is possible but the writing got worse in this film. Some of the lines contradicted each other like one writer wrote one version of the script and then left and another had to pick it up and didn\u2019t read the first half. One thing that bugged me was the transitions in this film. They were all over the place and pretty much none of them were smooth. In one scene you\u2019ll see them having fun and then all of a sudden transition to a guy at a laptop. Once again the scenery looked stunning and you can see all the detail they put into every scene. The costumes looked terrific once again for each character. At some points, the outfits didn\u2019t suit the character, unlike the last film. There is a subplot in this film that takes over the film until the end of this film. This bugged me because the trailer showed me something different then what I got and the original storyline was already interesting. You would think they would have learned their lesson about pacing from the last movie and they didn\u2019t and made it worse. It was a mixture of writing and the subplot that took over. The beginning felt to slow and then the last fifteen minutes felt way too quick. Finally, the relationship in the film made me want to break them up. The creators gave me nothing in this film to make me want to root for them. In the end, this film is once again mainly for people who love RomComs but I still wouldn\u2019t recommend it for them. I give A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding a 5/10."}], "recommandations_id": [483104, 556803, 555850, 488113]}