{"tmdb_id": 525213, "title": "Ya veremos", "original_title": "Ya veremos", "slug_title": "ya-veremos", "date": "2018-07-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "The story of Santi, a preteen who is dealing with the recent separation of his parents Rodrigo and Alejandra. Despite their divorce, Santi's parents are both desperately devoted to their son. When the three learn that Santi has a medical condition that could jeopardize his eyesight, Santi's father encourages him to make a list of places and things he wants to see and do before losing his sight completely. Santi immediately obliges with an elaborate list but with one condition - the estranged couple must come together to help him fulfill his dreams. As the three embark on the amazing, sometimes wacky adventure, the couple must learn how to live together for the sake of their son. But will the adventure open their eyes and make separating impossible? We'll see....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9mHra4oybSoJQJ96EvKDHTdIiGB.jpg", "actors": ["Mauricio Ochmann (Rodrigo)", "Fernanda Castillo (Alejandra)", "Emiliano Aramayo (Santi)", "Erik Hayser (Enrique)", "Rodrigo Cachero (Dr. Rub\u00e9n Dar\u00edo)", "Ariel Levy (Dr. Ernesto)", "Paco Rueda (Enfermero Ignacio)", "Marianna Burelli (Enfermera)", "Luisito Rey (Estilista)", "Estefan\u00eda Ahumada (Irma)", "Arturo Barba (Anestesi\u00f3logo)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [267093, 375794, 157433, 425134], "youtube_key": "Cx43SzczJd0"}