{"tmdb_id": 52660, "title": "D\u00e9tective Philippe Lovecraft", "original_title": "Cast a Deadly Spell", "slug_title": "detective-philippe-lovecraft", "date": "1991-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Horreur / Fantastique"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Dans une de fantasmatique de 1940 o\u00f9 la magie est utilis\u00e9 par tout le monde, un d\u00e9tective dur enqu\u00eate sur le vol d'un tome mystique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/afJIJ9AXD2WyNmnzbiWLKZU0tQ9.jpg", "actors": ["Fred Ward (Det. Harry Philip Lovecraft)", "David Warner (Amos Hackshaw)", "Julianne Moore (Connie Stone)", "Clancy Brown (Harry Bordon)", "Lee Tergesen (Larry Willis / Lilly Sirwar)", "Alexandra Powers (Olivia Hackshaw)", "Charles Hallahan (Det. Morris Bradbury)", "Arnetia Walker (Hypolite Kropotkin)", "Raymond O'Connor (Tugwell)", "Peter Allas (Det. Otto Grimaldi)", "Becky Mullen (Amber Peru)", "Ritch Brinkley (Owl Wagon Manager)", "George P. Wilbur (Own Wagon Cook)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Matt Golden", "content": "The year: 1948. Magic is everywhere, the hallmark of progress. Hardboiled gumshoe Philip Lovecraft is a PI for hire, but his latest case, a search for a missing book called \u201cThe Necronomicon,\u201d leads him down darker alleys than he\u2019s ever traversed before, filled with black magic and hideous creatures intent on doing him harm. Charged with protecting a virtuous dame, finding a magical tome, and unravelling a murderous mystery, Lovecraft will have only his wits, his fists, and a trusty pistol to come out alive. And in this world, coming out undead is a distinct possibility\u2026\r\n\r\nSupernoirtural would be the perfect word for this film. Cast a Deadly Spell is a fascinating anomaly, a rare treat and a helluva fun ride. It was made for HBO in 1991, directed by Martin Campbell (GoldenEye, Casino Royale, The Mask of Zorro) and starring Fred Ward (as Lovecraft), Clancy Brown, David Warner, and Julianne Moore as Lovecraft\u2019s ex-lover and current gun moll, Connie Stone. And since it\u2019s inexplicably never been released on DVD, it\u2019s never seen the audience that it deserves. This is a pitch-perfect blend of film noir, droll comedy, and Lovecraftian horror. The script (by Joseph Dougherty) is smart, funny without being silly, and filled with perfectly-placed nods to H.P. Lovecraft\u2019s oeuvre.\r\n\r\nFred Ward is fantastic as the gruff, acerbic detective, turning in one of the best modern-day performances of a noir PI. He has great fun with the \u00fcber-noir dialogue. Case in point:\r\n\r\n> Hackshaw: You don\u2019t believe in magic?\r\n> Lovecraft: I believe it, just don\u2019t use it.\r\n> Hackshaw: Why?\r\n> Lovecraft: Personal reasons.\r\n> Hackshaw: And they are?\r\n> Lovecraft: Personal.\r\n\r\nor\r\n\r\n> Olivia: That\u2019s quite a tie.\r\n> Lovecraft: Oh, thanks.\r\n> Olivia: Did it put up much of a fight?\r\n> Lovecraft: No, I snuck up behind it.\r\n\r\nClancy Brown makes a magnificent gangster heavy, Julianne Moore would fit perfectly alongside Barbara Stanwyck as a classic noir dame, and David Warner is in prime form. Director Campbell fully embraces the tale\u2019s pulpy roots and directs with the most stylish flair I\u2019ve seen out of him; it\u2019s almost as though he filmed it in the style of the old Roger Corman shlock films, with exaggerated shots and colors cranked up to 11. The performances ground the film and the direction gives it more class than its origins as a cheap made-for-cable movie should warrant. It\u2019s a heady, exuberant pairing.\r\n\r\nWith the talent both behind and in front of the camera for this made-for-TV flick, it\u2019s incredible that it\u2019s never seen a DVD release. It managed an ugly VHS transfer (and, thanks to the internet, a rather cruddy but serviceable copy can be downloaded) but it\u2019s high time for HBO to release this gem on home video. Two-fisted, brawny action, horror-tinged, a tad campy (in all the right ways)\u2026this is a magnificently fun film that needs to seen. Highest recommendation."}], "recommandations_id": [117377, 204761, 56192, 35976], "youtube_key": "ka-1ekOcRcQ"}