{"tmdb_id": 527416, "title": "The Raven and the Seagull", "original_title": "Lykkel\u00e6nder", "slug_title": "the-raven-and-the-seagull", "date": "2018-03-18", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The relationship between Greenland and Denmark is full of fantasy and myths. And these are exactly what Danish artist Lasse Lau reflects upon \u2013 and in turn documents \u2013 in his first feature-length film. But how do you give a form to the Greenlandic experience when you are an outsider yourself? Lau has created a sensitive film about authenticity and recreation by letting both elements become a part of the work, together with his performers. But also by watching and listening intently. The colonial history is entrenched in both Greenland's infinitely beautiful landscapes and in the collective consciousness. But so is the willingness to break with it and look ahead with a new political self-awareness. 'Lykkel\u00e6nder' is the result of a long-term research project, but talks about its extremely complex topics in a way that grounds the postcolonial perspective in a recognisable life experience. It does so with both a sense of humour and with emphasis.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kWe88fF0kgHYyLtJBRTjFeIG0D8.jpg", "actors": ["Nuk\u00e2ka Coster-Waldau ()", "Makka Kleist ()", "Aasiaat Nipaat ()", "Josef Tarrak-Petrussen ()", "Vivi Nielsen ()", "Aannguaq Ren\u00e9 J. Hansen ()", "Angunnguaq Larsen ()", "Varna Marianne Nielsen ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}