{"tmdb_id": 52745, "title": "La Femme sangsue", "original_title": "The Leech Woman", "slug_title": "la-femme-sangsue", "date": "1960-05-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "Une femme, obs\u00e9d\u00e9e par l'id\u00e9e de conserver une \u00e9ternelle jeunesse, d\u00e9cide d'utiliser une ancienne recette vaudou. Elle utilise alors un extrait de la glande pin\u00e9ale des hommes qu'elle parvient \u00e0 tuer apr\u00e8s les avoir pi\u00e9g\u00e9. Mais l\u2019\u00e9lixir, avec le temps, se r\u00e9v\u00e8le de moins en moins efficace...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nXmRwrs1MkzYYQ8fTy6o09LaOYQ.jpg", "actors": ["Coleen Gray (June Talbot)", "Grant Williams (Neil Foster)", "Phillip Terry (Dr. Paul Talbot)", "Gloria Talbott (Sally Howard)", "John van Dreelen (Bertram Garvay)", "Estelle Hemsley (Old Malla)", "Kim Hamilton (Young Malla)", "Arthur Batanides (Jerry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Old women always give me the creeps!\r\n\r\nWhat do you expect from a film called The Leech Woman? It is by definition one of those sci-fi \"B\" movies strung together as a support feature that played whilst theatre patrons were still necking, chatting and eating etc.\r\n\r\nPlot follows in the tradition of something like The Wasp Woman (1959), that plays on the theme of a woman striving to stay young as the advent of time catches up with her. Cue bonkers science, where here it involves a trek to the jungles of Africa to unearth the secret of eternal youth. Naturally things get very bent out of shape and pain and misery are sure to follow.\r\n\r\nThematically it has mixed messages, on one hand it dares to say, unappealingly so, that a woman is only viable for love and happiness by being young and beautiful. On the other hand it is possibly having caustic observations on the dangers of vanity? The makers intentions are not clear so really the viewers are left to their own devices on that one.\r\n\r\nIt's never scary and some of the latex effects work is poor and befitting the minuscule budget. While the first half hour feels awfully padded out. But all things considered it's not a bottom feeder of the genre, and actually would make a nice companion piece with The Wasp Woman. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [84719, 31244, 141600, 31118], "youtube_key": "dsUUC99ONpE"}