{"tmdb_id": 527533, "title": "Pleasure", "original_title": "Pleasure", "slug_title": "pleasure", "date": "1994-10-25", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Alan Bleasdale's modern re-telling of Madame Bovary. A tale of passion, greed, revenge, and of course pleasure, set in France. Starring Line of Duty's Adrian Dunbar, Jennifer Ehle and James Larkin.  In the French city of Rouen, the beautiful, young but bored Emma seeks to escape her dull married life. Her dreams are answered, and her comfortable, peaceful existence soon tarnished when she answers a lonely-hearts ad.  She meets Gustave, a unsuccessful toy salesman, and potential con man. Together they begin a passionate affair, where they indulge in illicit sex and illegal scams. But parallel to their exhilarating affair, the police are on the hunt for a mysterious masked robber known only as Le Terroriste.  As the stakes rise, and a betrayal means Emma finding herself alone, her own talents for deception develop into an overwhelming and obsessive desire for her to get her revenge.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7n01qd5YVDbAwfoR1pye2HT5jcx.jpg", "actors": ["Jennifer Ehle (Emma Desneuves)", "Adrian Dunbar (Gustave Coudray)", "James Larkin (Charles Desneuves)", "Rosalind Knight (Madame Desneuves)", "Judith Paris (La Patronne)", "Robert Austin (Le Patron)", "Sarah Badel (The Widow)", "Trevor Byfield (Hotelier)", "John Forgeham (Police Chief)", "Sarah Franzl (Young Widow)", "Mark McGann (Detective Jimenez)", "Michael McGinn (Terrorist)", "Beth Porter (Amber)", "Bryan Pringle (Flaubert)", "Mireille Rivat (Tart)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}