{"tmdb_id": 5286, "title": "Eleven Men Out", "original_title": "Str\u00e1karnir okkar", "slug_title": "eleven-men-out", "date": "2005-09-02", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8yBlJXHDVnHU53zCMs8YPkguxd5.jpg", "actors": ["Bj\u00f6rn Hlynur Haraldsson (Ottar Thor)", "Lilja N\u00f3tt \u00de\u00f3rarinsd\u00f3ttir (Gugga)", "Arnmundur Ernst Bj\u00f6rnsson (Magnus)", "Helgi Bj\u00f6rnsson (P\u00e9tur)", "\u00deorsteinn Bachmann (Georg)", "Sigur\u00f0ur Sk\u00falason (Eirikur)", "Damon Younger (Br\u00f3si)", "Marius Sverrisson (Starri)", "Hilmar J\u00f3nsson (Viktor Ingi)", "P\u00e9tur Einarsson (Bj\u00f6rgvin)", "Felix Bergsson (Domari)", "Erlendur Eir\u00edksson (Alfred)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bobbeijing", "content": "Ottar Thor (Bjorn Hlynur Haraldsson) is the handsome, arrogant star player of a pro soccer team, as well as main breadwinner for a family in which the overbearing males seem to spend most of their time telling long-suffering wives to shaddap. Ottar is divorced from his spouse, a former Miss Iceland (Lilja Nott as Gugga) turned full-time alcoholic. They share custody of adolescent son Magnus (Arnmundur Ernst), who buries himself in videogames.\r\n\r\nOttar doesn\u2019t think about the repercussions when he decides to tell a journalist \u2014 in the locker room after a game \u2014 that he\u2019s gay. His motivation is no loftier than securing a magazine cover for himself. But teammates, the conservative owners, and everyone else immediately freak out. Ottar finds himself banned from play, and for lack of anything else to do, joins a friend\u2019s amateur league team, which already has a couple of gay guys on board. Soon more show up \u2014 drawn by the protag\u2019s notoriety \u2014 as hetero players flee.\r\n\r\nReconstituted squad\u2019s league status skyrockets, even if its winning streak is largely a matter of forfeits by rivals who refuse to play the \u201cqueers.\u201d Meanwhile, Ottar\u2019s former team is suffering a publicity backlash from having kicked him out. They want him back \u2014 even if they\u2019re still nowhere near to accepting \u201cthe gay thing.\u201d\r\n\r\nThings culminate in a farfetched but agreeable showcase match between amateurs and pros, which just happens to be scheduled on Gay Pride Day.\r\n\r\nA similarly acerbic but not unkind humor pervades the story\u2019s other threads. Ottar\u2019s parenting skills are fairly lousy, but he does care, as does the generally hapless Gugga. Magga\u2019s rising hostility turns out to be based not in homophobia, but in the fact that no 13-year-old is thick-skinned enough to welcome a parent\u2019s coming out in the national media.\r\n\r\nWhen Ottar tries to settle down into his new lifestyle by going steady with a teammate, the effort flops \u2014 because he chooses a partner even more shallow than he. Subsidiary characters \u2014 notably, the hero\u2019s incredibly obnoxious father (Sigurdur Skulason) and brother (co-scenarist Jon Atli Jonasson \u2014 have no redemptive qualities, but make up in sheer hilarity whatever they lack in psychological nuance.\r\n\r\nPerfs are perfectly in tune with the director\u2019s deadpan yet boisterous tone. Design contribs hit the right gritty but polished note, while the tech package is first-rate."}], "recommandations_id": [84882, 157114, 214144, 161243]}