{"tmdb_id": 528730, "title": "All That I Have", "original_title": "All That I Have", "slug_title": "all-that-i-have", "date": "1951-10-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dr. Charles Greyson is a famous and wealthy former surgeon. His nephews have taken him to court to challenge his competency, due to his recent inexplicable gifts of large amounts of cash to the church, and, apparently, to some nefarious scam artists. The film is portrayed as a courtroom drama first painting \"Dr. Charlie\" as incompetent and easily swindled, then telling his side of events and putting them into context. In the courtroom, and by use of flashback, we hear of Dr. Charlies' move away from impersonal contribution on an institutional level, and preferring to express Christian stewardship directly to people who need it, and by helping spread the word of God by donating to Mission fronts who fight fear, anxiety and destitution around the world. We even find the scam artists having turned a new leaf, and creating new lives for themselves. Message being that all that we are we owe to God, and the profits gained from our God-given abilities require care and thought before sharing.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iWwVDL6ieA4OLBYU2StF7hub7ya.jpg", "actors": ["Houseley Stevenson ()", "Donald Woods ()", "Onslow Stevens ()", "Robert Stevenson ()", "John Eldredge ()", "Tom Neal ()", "Paul Cavanagh ()", "Russell Hicks ()", "Al Bridge ()", "Effie Laird ()", "Joe Devlin ()", "Esther Howard ()", "Houseley Stevenson Jr. ()", "Chester Clute ()", "Tim Ryan ()", "Jimmy Lloyd ()", "Emory Parnell ()", "Franklin Parker ()", "James Guilfoyle ()", "Clark Howat ()", "George Pembroke ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}