{"tmdb_id": 528922, "title": "Balarama Krishnulu", "original_title": "\u0c2c\u0c32\u0c30\u0c3e\u0c2e \u0c15\u0c43\u0c37\u0c4d\u0c23\u0c41\u0c32\u0c41", "slug_title": "balarama-krishnulu", "date": "1992-11-07", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Balaramaiah (Sobhan Babu) is the head of the village. His word is an ordinance to villagers. He lives with his wife Vasumathi (Srividya) and daughter Pooja (Rajeevi). He strictly adheres to the caste. He got rid of his half-brother Krishna Murthy (Dr. Rajashekhar) and half-sister Seeta (Kalpana) because their mother is from a lower caste. They live next door (by partitioning their ancestral home).  Shivaji (Jagapati Babu) cousin (son of maternal uncle) of Krishna Murthy comes to the village.Krishna Murthy gives shelter in his house. Shivaji falls in love with Pooja. Balaramaiah comes to know about this and makes arrangements for Pooja's marriage with Antharvedi (Tanikella Bharani), son of Chintamani (Gollapudi Maruthi Rao) who instigates clashes between Balaramaiah & Krishna Murthy.  At the end Balaramaiah realizes his mistake with the advice of Vasumati, accepts Krishna Murthy as his brother. A happy ending with united family ensues.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fFmyJof1fXqxDCPisc0HLZWUWRn.jpg", "actors": ["Sobhan Babu (Balaramaiah)", "Dr. Rajasekhar (Krishna Murthy)", "Jagapati Babu (Sivaji)", "Ramya Krishnan (Lalitha)", "Srividhya (Vasumathi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}