{"tmdb_id": 52916, "title": "Sabata", "original_title": "Ehi amico... c'\u00e8 Sabata. Hai chiuso!", "slug_title": "sabata", "date": "1969-09-16", "genre": "Western / Action", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Sabata, chasseur de prime, arrive \u00e0 Daugherty, petite ville du Texas. Alors qu'il se d\u00e9salt\u00e8re au saloon, il apprend que 60 000 dollars viennent d'etre d\u00e9rob\u00e9 \u00e0 la banque. Une prime de 5 000 dollars est offerte en r\u00e9compense \u00e0 celui qui retrouvera le butin, ce qui incite Sabata \u00e0 partir \u00e0 la recherche des voleurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yxwUPbJ2QHhQ9jMV9f11NvdM5hE.jpg", "actors": ["Lee Van Cleef (Sabata)", "William Berger (Banjo)", "Ignazio Spalla (Carrincha)", "Aldo Canti (Indio)", "Franco Ressel (Stengel)", "Antonio Gradoli (Ferguson)", "Linda Veras (Jane)", "Claudio Undari (Oswald)", "Gianni Rizzo (Judge O'Hara)", "John Bartha (Sheriff)", "Romano Puppo (Rocky Bendato)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Spaghetti Western with Lee Van Cleef in the mold of Sergio Leone\u2019s Man with No Name trilogy.\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1969 and directed by Gianfranco Parolini, \u201cSabata\u201d chronicles events in a west Texas town when a black-clad gunfighter named Sabata (Lee Van Cleef) teams-up with an alcoholic ex-soldier named Carrincha (Ignazio Spalla) and an acrobatic Indian (Bruno Ukmar) to thwart the town leaders (Antonio Gradoli  & Gianni Rizzo) who want to steal $100,000 from their own bank to purchase land that the encroaching railroad will cross. William Berger plays a minstrel of dubious loyalties while Franco Ressel is on hand as the effeminate heavy. Linda Veras appears as the stock saloon babe. \r\n\r\nThis was the first of the official Sabata trilogy released in 1969-1971. There were four other Sabata films released in 1970-1972, but they were considered unofficial imitations. The only other Sabata flick I\u2019ve seen is the third imitation one, \"Dig Your Grave, Friend... Sabata's Coming,\u201d with Raf Baldassarre in the eponymous role. While that one lacked Van Cleef, the story is more compelling than this debut.\r\n\r\n\u201cSabata\u201d starts promisingly enough with a colorful cast of characters and an innovative bank robbery, but the story bogs down in the second act and tries to make up for it with an action-packed climax and typical Italo Western epilogue (think \u201cThe Good, the Bad and the Ugly\u201d). Speaking of which, \u201cSabata\u201d is reminiscent of Sergio Leone\u2019s Dollars trilogy. Van Cleef simply takes over the Eastwood role while Spalla is basically a re-dressed Tuco. \r\n\r\nThankfully, there are original elements, like the acrobatic Native and the effeminate kingpin. Still, as with most Spaghetti Westerns, the characters are cardboard-thin caricatures rather than three-dimensional people, which limits their appeal and prevents the story from having much suspense. The usual goofy absurdities don\u2019t help.   \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 51 minutes and was shot in Almer\u00eda, Spain and (studio) Rome. WRITERS: Parolini and Renato Izzo. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [72032, 61594, 73832, 6474]}