{"tmdb_id": 52941, "title": "Je suis un monstre", "original_title": "I, Monster", "slug_title": "je-suis-un-monstre", "date": "1971-11-01", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Horreur"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Le docteur Marlowe, un scientifique mal dans sa peau, vient de mettre au point une drogue qui permet de lib\u00e9rer les pulsions enfouies en chaque \u00eatre humain. Le m\u00e9decin a l'id\u00e9e saugrenue de tester le produit sur lui-m\u00eame, sans prendre la mesure des cons\u00e9quences que l'exp\u00e9rience pourrait entra\u00eener. Tr\u00e8s rapidement, le savant commence \u00e0 ressentir les effets de la drogue. Il se transforme petit \u00e0 petit en un \u00eatre monstrueux, monsieur Blake. A chaque fois que Marlowe utilise la drogue, son double mal\u00e9fique devient plus cruel encore. Il est en train de perdre le contr\u00f4le de la situation et risque de ne plus pouvoir revenir en arri\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/SXWoCiQx0W1RyjPnlNtbBYnj8R.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Lee (Dr. Charles Marlowe)", "Peter Cushing (Frederick Utterson)", "Mike Raven (Enfield)", "Richard Hurndall (Lanyon)", "George Merritt (Poole)", "Kenneth J. Warren (Deane)", "Susan Jameson (Diane)", "Marjie Lawrence (Annie)", "Aim\u00e9e Delamain (Landlady)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Charles Marlowe is I, Monster.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nI, Monster is directed by Stephen Weeks and written by Milton Subotsky. An interpretation of Robert Louis Stevenson\u2019s The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, it stars Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Mike Raven, Richard Hurndall, George Merritt, Kenneth J. Warren, Susan Jameson and Marjie Lawrence. Music is by Carl Davis and cinematography by Moray Grant.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nKept By The Power Of God!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nStevenson\u2019s age old tale gets another make-over as Dr. Charles Marlowe (Lee) invents a   drug that releases his patients\u2019 inhibitions. However, upon trying the drug himself, Marlowe finds that he turns into the monstrous Mr. Blake, who with each transformation becomes more cruel and debauched.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nDull and Hyde!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nAmicus never quite made the mark on British Horror that they aspired to, a few films are enjoyable, certainly there\u2019s good value to be found with some of the segments in their portmanteau releases, but so many others just come off as weak attempts to create a niche in the market. Quite often there was good intentions on the writing table, such is the case with I, Monster, which has literary intentions that are honourable. The Eastman Color photography is lovely, the period design equally so, and the use of canted angles is a good move, but unfortunately the film is just too dull and beset with problems elsewhere.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFirst off is Cushing and Lee, two bona fide legends of British cinema and bastions of horror. Lee is miscast, never quite convincing in the Mr. Blake role, which isn\u2019t helped by the make up work which would look more at home in Carry On Screaming. With Cushing it\u2019s just a case of him being underused, which is unforgivable in a horror film aiming for literary smarts. Carl Davis\u2019 musical score is awful, at times I sounds like something that belongs in a silent movie farce.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nStarting out as a 3-D venture, that idea was abandoned early in the production, it\u2019s hard to believe that the gimmick would have stopped this being the dreary film that it is. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [68714, 81841, 107920, 38346], "youtube_key": "notfound"}