{"tmdb_id": 529532, "title": "Across the Tracks", "original_title": "Across the Tracks", "slug_title": "across-the-tracks", "date": "2015-03-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Tara and Ella Hines are sisters living very different lives. Tara is a big city architect with a fighting spirit that has brought her great success. Ella, a few years younger, never left the hometown of their youth and has been the primary caretaker of the family. Estranged for 40 years, they are brought together finally with the death of their mother. Through a series of flashbacks, their childhood in rural 1960s Georgia unfolds. The \"Coloreds only\" bathroom and side entrance to shops. The train tracks that separated the town by skin color. We see them navigate this world full of inferiority and bullying, ultimately leading to Ella's decision to become white. As the sisters lay their mother to rest, the past rises up to meet them and we're finally shown the moment that tore their family apart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6QQwdZNvUblzu2qK6Z4TNsCY4Rb.jpg", "actors": ["Don Battee (Walter Lee)", "Nicky Buggs (Mama)", "Berkeley Clayborne (Young Ella)", "Brynn Crosby (Young Tara)", "Thursday Farrar (Tara)", "Britney Heard (Sandra)", "Reese Houston (Susie)", "Madalin Jones (Jane)", "Shelby Grace Jones (Lizzie)", "Alina Lia (Tara's Assistant)", "Carla McCullough (Ella)", "E. Roger Mitchell (Daddy)", "Eric Oliver (Pastor)", "Mattilyn Winburn (Brittany)", "Andrew Winkler (Chuck)", "Austin Winkler (Bobby Ray)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}