{"tmdb_id": 52952, "title": "Charlie Brown's All-Stars", "original_title": "Charlie Brown's All-Stars", "slug_title": "charlie-brown-s-all-stars", "date": "1966-06-08", "genre": ["Animation / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "After Charlie Brown's team loses their first game of the season (123-0), his team throws down their caps in disgust and quits. Frustrated and depressed, Charlie Brown wanders around aimlessly until Linus meets him with good news: Mr. Hennessey, operator of a local hardware store, is offering to sponsor Charlie Brown's team, place them in an organized league, and even buy them new uniforms. The excitement gets the better of Charlie Brown, and he eagerly tells the team the good news. Lucy is apprehensive, but states that if Charlie Brown can really get the team uniforms, they will give him another chance and return to the team. Later at home, Charlie Brown gets a phone call from Mr. Hennessey, and is told that the league does not allow girls or dogs. Charlie Brown tries to reason with Mr. Hennessey, but is told that the stipulations are rules set by the league. Unwilling to sacrifice his friends, Charlie Brown reluctantly declines Mr. Hennessey's offer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iaT0KwssfESCV7VVIQK3riC4ji8.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Robbins (Charlie Brown)", "Sally Dryer (Lucy van Pelt)", "Christopher Shea (Linus van Pelt)", "Kathy Steinberg (Sally Brown)", "Bill Melendez (Snoopy)", "Ann Altieri (Frieda)", "Glenn Mendelson (Schroeder)", "Lynn Vanderlip (Patty)", "Gail DeFaria (Shermy)", "Geoffrey Ornstein (\"Pig-Pen\")", "Karen Mendelson (Violet)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [60897, 28069, 31595, 23998], "youtube_key": "notfound"}