{"tmdb_id": 529537, "title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 7 A Man And His Music & The Spiritual Soul Of Elvis", "original_title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 7 A Man And His Music & The Spiritual Soul Of Elvis", "slug_title": "the-definitive-elvis-25th-anniversary-vol-7-a-man-and-his-music-the-spiritual-soul-of-elvis", "date": "2002-02-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A Man & His Music examines Elvis' amazing relationship to music. From his childhood influences to his early rockabilly sound, to The King of Rock 'n' Roll. You'll hear from the Jordanaires, Mac Davis, Tony Orlando, Barry Gibb, Ray Manzarek, Jackie DeShannon, Patti Page, Kenny Rogers, Glen Campbell, Bill Medley, & Connie Stevens about the genesis of the Presley sound. You'll take look at the historic jam session between The King & The Fab Four when they paid Elvis a visit in 1965.  The Spiritual Soul of Elvis covers Elvis' love for gospel music. You'll hear from Larry Geller, Elvis' spiritual adviser, & Joe Espisito, his confidant about Elvis' battle to make sense out of a life that would be scrutinized by many. You'll hear from those closest to Elvis about his search for spiritual fulfillment that started when he was a boy until hisdeath at the age of 42. Elvis is gone, but his soul is still alive.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9JiAA3Tiin3Wfg2Ge56I3cCztYg.jpg", "actors": ["Elvis Presley (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}