{"tmdb_id": 530567, "title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 8 The Day The Music Died & All The Kings Disciples-The Fans", "original_title": "The Definitive Elvis 25th Anniversary: Vol. 8 The Day The Music Died & All The Kings Disciples-The Fans", "slug_title": "the-definitive-elvis-25th-anniversary-vol-8-the-day-the-music-died-all-the-kings-disciples-the-fans", "date": "2002-02-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "\u201cThe Day The Music Died\u201d follows the decline and fall of The King as told by Joe Esposito, George Klein, Larry Geller, and many others. Featured is a rare interview with  Elvis\u2019 physician and private nurse. You\u2019ll hear from music legend Tony Orlando and his premonition he had about Elvis\u2019 death and about thousands of grief-stricken fans who descended on Graceland, upon the passing of The King.  In \"All The Kings Disciples\" no one could have predicted the passing of Elvis Presley in 1977 and the impact his death would have on the fans who had supported him throughout his storied career. After a period of profound grief, they simply carried on\u2026as if he had never left. From the streets of Memphis, to the gates of GRACELAND and beyond. ALL THE KING\u2019S DISCIPLES will give you a glimpse into the very special world of those who have made Elvis Presley their touchstone, their hero, and their life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kjEYUP6lf59E03iveE2VLcd8NF0.jpg", "actors": ["Elvis Presley (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}