{"tmdb_id": 531437, "title": "XConfessions 12", "original_title": "XConfessions 12", "slug_title": "xconfessions-12", "date": "2018-01-01", "genre": ["Romance / Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "XConfessions Volume 12 is here! Featuring 6 brand new short films, one of which is an unseen exclusive! Including multiple female Guest Directors, and of course Erika Lust herself. Every story in this digital download is inspired by a confession submitted to Erika Lust's site XConfessions.com, where anonymous members of the public submit their wildest and most personal sexual fantasies.  XC Vol. 12 features the debut XConfessions film by the infamous Poppy Sanchez, Moist. Have you seen her films Girls Night In or Electrify Me on the store? Then you're going to love this underground Berlin woman's exploration of a swingers sauna, an exhibitionist couple and a voyeur!  There's also a threesome with a real-life couple, a voyeuristic, Black Mirror-esque short and lot's more real fantasies for you to sink your teeth into!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3QXnq7RkzZLMm9HqUAVDjk59MDY.jpg", "actors": ["Lucy & Miro (Lucy & Miro)", "Dion De Rossi (Dion De Rossi)", "Parker Marx (Parker Marx)", "Heidi Switch (Heidi Switch)", "Eris (Eris)", "Bel Gris (Bel Gris)", "Bishop Black (Bishop Black)", "Paulita Pappel (Paulita Pappel)", "Dante Dionys (Dante Dionys)", "Bruno D'Ugo (Bruno D'Ugo)", "Ronaldo Serruya (Ronaldo Serruya)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "4EUN9z1AoRg"}