{"tmdb_id": 53182, "title": "300 : La naissance d'un Empire", "original_title": "300: Rise of an Empire", "slug_title": "300-la-naissance-d-un-empire", "date": "2014-03-05", "genre": ["Action / Guerre / Fantastique"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "En l'an 490 avant J.C., les troupes ath\u00e9niennes doivent contrer les attaques de l'empire perse. Une grande bataille se pr\u00e9pare. Non loin d'Ath\u00e8nes, \u00e0 42 km au nord, Marathon est l'un des derniers remparts prot\u00e9geant la grande Ath\u00e8nes. Les Perses sont nombreux, beaucoup plus nombreux que les Ath\u00e9niens, qui vont devoir faire appel aux Spartiates pour les aider.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gWQf5j3ZqEfOdW2rIZnkuOOva78.jpg", "actors": ["Sullivan Stapleton (Themistocles)", "Eva Green (Artemisia)", "Lena Headey (K\u00f6nigin Gorgo)", "Callan Mulvey (Scylias)", "David Wenham (Dillios)", "Rodrigo Santoro (Xerxes)", "Jack O'Connell (Calisto)", "Andrew Tiernan (Ephialtes)", "Ashraf Barhom (General Bandari)", "Andrew Pleavin (Daxos)", "Hans Matheson (Aesyklos)", "Peter Mensah (Persian Emissary)", "Ben Turner (General Artaphernes)", "Christopher Boyer (Senator)", "Fred Ochs (Senator)", "Price Carson (Senator)", "John Michael Herndon (Senator)", "David Pevsner (Senator)", "Peter Ferdinando (Greek Ambassador)", "Igal Naor (King Darius)", "Luke Roberts (Butcher)", "George Georgiou (Greek Citizen)", "Farshad Farahat (Persian Officer)", "Christopher Sciueref (General Kashani)", "Steven Cree (Decapitated Greek marine)", "Caitlin Carmichael (8 Year Old Artemisia)", "Jade Chynoweth (13 Year Old Artemisia)", "Kevin Fry (Lascivious Greek)", "David Sterne (Old Statesman)", "Gregor Truter (Small Ambassador)", "Vincent Walsh (Naval Commander)", "Nick Court (Theban Commander)", "Mark Killeen (Greek Commander)", "Daniel Rashev (Persian General)", "Dimiter Martinov (Persian General)", "Stefan Ivanov (Persian Commander)", "Atanas Srebrev (Blacksmith)", "Mark Aaron Wagner (Artemesia's Father (uncredited))", "Nancy McCrumb (Athenian Woman (uncredited))", "Bo Roberts (Spartan Warrior (uncredited))", "Gregory Shelby (Spartan Warrior (uncredited))", "Velizar Peev (Spartan Warrior (uncredited))", "Wayne Dalglish (Young Spartan (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zag", "content": "Thought this movie was pretty good when I wasn't expecting too much from the bad ratings and reviews I'd seen. I was pleasantly surprised at the storyline, and the visuals and battle scenes were pretty epic. Overall I would say this is worth a watch but don't expect too much from the film. The original is better but this is a worthy follow up."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is one of these movies which will always have its detractors because it is not historically correct. There are certain movies in which you expect a certain amount of historical accuracy and there are certain movies where you do not. This is one of the latter. You must be out of your mind if you ever expected any great deal of historical accuracy from this movie (or any Hollywood production nowadays for that matter). Therefore it pains me to see the reviews that slams this movie with a one-star rating and moans about how it is screwing with the (their) history. I would certainly not call this a great movie but, as a movie, it is far from the one-star range.\r\n\r\nThe movie is watchable, it is even somewhat enjoyable to watch but it is not really a great and epic movie. There are lots of action which is one of the good parts. Some of the scenery, especially the naval ones, are quite magnificent even though they are somewhat overdone in the usual Hollywood way. The bow waves make these heavy, wooden, oar-powered ships look like they are speeding ahead at 30 knots for instance.\r\n\r\nThe action is of the rather gory and blood splattering type. Given all the slow motion scenes with copious amounts of blood slowly floating in the air I would assume this was more out of intention than out of ignorance although the ease by which these ancient swords chopped through bones and necks seemed rather unbelievable. I do not mind blood and gore in my movies but I have to say that the blood and gore in this movie seemed to have taken precedence over the rest of the creative process.\r\n\r\nThe movie simply failed to inspire the awe that one would expect an epic movie of this type would do. Someone said that the movie played out a lot like a video game and to some extent that is true. I never really felt much for any of the characters when watching the movie. I found myself just waiting for the next action scene. The enjoyable part of this movie is really the action, the scenery and the effects, not the story or the characters.\r\n\r\nThe movie is watchable, even enjoyable depending on your expectations but far from great."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Did they really have to do a second movie?\r\n\r\nMore of the same but with lack of innovation and talent. The story is predictable and unconnected, the same than the battles.\r\n\r\nStapleton's character doesn't have the same power in screen than 300's Butler's.\r\n\r\nProbably, the only thing to save is Eva Green although I think she is walking a path in which she is not gaining points to perform in better future movies."}, {"pseudo": "ColinJ", "content": "Turgid sequel with a towering performance by Eva Green at its center.\r\n\r\nMake no mistake, she dominates this movie and lays scorched earth wherever she goes. The male cast members flex and grimace with all they've got but when Green is on screen she is all you look at.\r\n\r\nIt's definitely one of the best performances in a bad movie I can recall."}], "recommandations_id": [1271, 64686, 184315, 97020], "youtube_key": "2zqy21Z29ps"}