{"tmdb_id": 53199, "title": "WWE WrestleMania V", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania V", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-v", "date": "1989-04-02", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania V was the fifth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It took place on April 2, 1989 at the Trump Plaza in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The event was commentated by Gorilla Monsoon and Jesse Ventura.  The main event was Hulk Hogan versus Randy Savage for the WWF Championship billed \"The Mega Powers Explode\" which Hogan won after a leg drop. Featured matches on the undercard were Rick Rude versus The Ultimate Warrior for the WWF Intercontinental Championship, The Hart Foundation (Bret Hart and Jim Neidhart) versus Greg Valentine and The Honky Tonk Man and Demolition (Ax and Smash) versus Powers of Pain and Mr. Fuji in a handicap match for the WWF Tag Team Championship.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6rvrGO4qFMTAhzTYEXSmlReCgfn.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Randy Savage (Himself)", "Bobby Heenan (Himself)", "Steven Kenneth Lombardi (The Brooklyn Brawler)", "James Edward Duggan Jr (Himself)", "Richard Erwin Rood (Rick Rude)", "The Ultimate Warrior (Himself)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "James Henry Neidhart (Himself)", "The Honky Tonk Man (The Honky Tonk Man)", "Greg Valentine (Himself)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "Aurelian Jake Smith Jr. (Himself)", "Andr\u00e9 the Giant (Himself)", "Richard Vigneault (Rick Martel)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Bill Eadie (Ax)", "Barry Allen Darsow (Smash)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Owen James Hart (The Blue Blazer)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Ted DiBiase (Himself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Shawn Michaels)", "Ray Fernandez (Hercules)", "Tonga Fifita (King Haku)", "Jacques Rougeau (Himself)", "Marty Jannetty (Marty Jannetty)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [53195, 58599, 32580, 58604], "youtube_key": "notfound"}