{"tmdb_id": 53190, "title": "The Two Escobars", "original_title": "The Two Escobars", "slug_title": "the-two-escobars", "date": "2010-06-22", "genre": ["Crime / Documentaire"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Pablo Escobar was the richest, most powerful drug kingpin in the world, ruling the Medellin Cartel with an iron fist. Andres Escobar was the biggest soccer star in Colombia. The two were not related, but their fates were inextricably-and fatally-intertwined. Pablo's drug money had turned Andres' national team into South American champions, favored to win the 1994 World Cup in Los Angeles. It was there, in a game against the U.S., that Andres committed one of the most shocking mistakes in soccer history, scoring an \"own goal\" that eliminated his team from the competition and ultimately cost him his life. The Two Escobars is a riveting examination of the intersection of sports, crime, and politics.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8XNYGyq9Z4OQVJnqyciouKA90wD.jpg", "actors": ["Mar\u00eda Ester Escobar (Herself)", "Francisco Maturana (Himself)", "Alexis Garc\u00eda V. (Himself)", "Jaime Gaviria G\u00f3mez (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "manny123", "content": "I don't normally write reviews but this documentary is worth one! It's very well made and is entirely narrated by the people being interviewed which gives it a very authentic feel. \r\n\r\nEven if you're not into sports, the political aspects of this documentary make for a very interesting perspective. It's more about what Columbia as a nation was going through rather than about drugs or sports.\r\n\r\nFor anyone who wants to learn more about this period of history, I highly recommend The Two Escobars."}], "recommandations_id": [54683, 54677, 54741, 67857], "youtube_key": "dKTpGn3BM64"}