{"tmdb_id": 533139, "title": "Crescent City Chronicles: Chains in the Attic", "original_title": "Crescent City Chronicles: Chains in the Attic", "slug_title": "crescent-city-chronicles-chains-in-the-attic", "date": "2018-05-19", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Welcome to the city of gods and monsters. Crescent City is a melting pot for both. Dealing with both human cases and special cases Detective Joseph Chapel along with his partner Detective Severina Sinclair, his god daughter Kayla Perkins and the police force of C.C.P.D. do there best to clean up the city of natural and supernatural things. Chains in the Attic is the first film in a 4 part film series. A series of murders is happening in Crescent City. It's up to Detective Joseph Chapel and the officers of Crescent City P.D. to solve these mysterious murders while various things are set in motion for the future of Crescent City. Written and Directed by Kelly D. Weaver. Produced by Terminal 52 Films.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5jiC1nF8MQWs2wlBrVtaZyvi0MG.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Penney (Detective Gabriel Turner)", "Harvey C. Wilkes (Bar & Grill Patron)", "Tiffany Amanda (Beatrix Thorn (as Tiffany Amanda Kerr))", "Blayze Hippensteel (Randall Wilson)", "Clayton Royal Johnson (Adrian DeMarco)", "Lisa Mcconnell (Noel Perryman)", "Isabella Goodwin (Kendra Thorn)", "Sophie Elizabeth Gonzalez (Anita Delfino)", "Wanda Gates (Club Patron)", "Bruce Pobanz (Bar & Grill Patron)", "Isabella Jones (Leyonna Dunbar)", "Kelly Weaver (Detective Joseph Chapel)", "Anthony Aikens (FCI Agent)", "Sean Devlin (Nicholas Walken)", "Susanna Matza (Amanda Palmer)", "Nicole Morgan (Dr. Janine KIng)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}