{"tmdb_id": 533662, "title": "Out of Darkness", "original_title": "Out of Darkness", "slug_title": "out-of-darkness", "date": "2016-01-25", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Out of Darkness is a full length three-part documentary by director Amadeuz Christ (\u0394+), examining the untold history of African people, the African cultural contribution to the nations of the world, and the events that have contributed to the condition of African people today. Out of Darkness will explore the Nubian/Kushitic origins of Nile Valley Civilization, contact between Africa and the Americas since the times of antiquity, as well as the influence of the Moors in Europe leading to Europe\u2019s intellectual Renaissance. In addition, the film will analyze the history of modern day racism, the concept of \u201cwhite supremacy,\u201d the impact of Hip Hop as a social movement, and the idea of nationhood.  Out of Darkness is narrated by Prof. Kaba Kamene and co-stars Dr. Umar Johnson, Dr. Claud Anderson, Tim Wise, Prof. James Small, Dr. Joy DeGruy, Anthony Browder, Sabir Bey, Atlantis Browder, and Taj Tarik Bey.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/57XZdi8L7yGv7jpAGBttZqOyRuT.jpg", "actors": ["Dr. Umar Johnson (Himself)", "Sabir Bey (Himself)", "Claud Anderson (Himself)", "Kaba Kamene (Himself)", "Tim Wise (Himself)", "Joy Degruy (Herself)", "Tony Browder (Himself)", "Atlantis Browder (Herself)", "James Small (Himself)", "Taj Tarik Bey (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "FN6vLVXu1bg"}