{"tmdb_id": 534205, "title": "Face of Evil", "original_title": "Face of Evil", "slug_title": "face-of-evil", "date": "2016-09-22", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur", "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cmxq0reISn0fqtEnQJbDj0PDF9L.jpg", "actors": ["Scott Baxter (Jay)", "Chad Bishop (Sarge)", "Jamie Bernadette (Katy)", "David Alan Graf (Dr. Smith)", "Shobhit Agarwal (Store Clerk)", "Janet Roth (Jenny)", "James Hutchinson (Mike)", "Christopher Thorpe (Frank)", "Charmane Star (Sara)", "Bryan Howard (Bob)", "Gera Hermann (Limo Driver)", "Kymedienne Jackson (Reception Nurse)", "Raven Hughes (Bar Singer)", "Kathlyn Angelica (Bar Waitress)", "John Rhymes (Cop pullover)", "Erik Thurman (Bartender)", "Vito Dinatolo (Cop)", "Alexander von Roon (Security)", "Justin Ferrari (Cop)", "Mark Schaefer (Cop)", "Exie Andrade (Will)", "Romane Simon (Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "a_southern_horror_fan", "content": "Dinatolo's story is a blend of classic horror tropes and contemporary social awareness. There is a hint of zombie-esque attitude, but I got a strong \"Night Of The Demons\" vibe through the first half of the movie.  The dialog is a bit rough and characters could have been developed a bit better, however the movie has some cool moments.\r\n\r\n\"Face Of Evil\" really shines during a few quality scenes. The main character's hypnotic- like moment starring at the singer in the bar scene, the drive through skid row with the radio broadcast, and the big reveal at the end during the guy struggling to come to terms with the truth. Great moments both in story , and acting.\r\n\r\nThe special effects really state the low budget quality of the film. The CGI over practical kind of hurt the horror momentum that \"almost but not quite gets there\". Some of the effects work great, the big win visually in \"Face Of Evil\" is the cinematography choices. It is very stylized and atmospheric which sells the classic horror influences.\r\n\r\nOverall \"Face Of Evil\" will disappoint a large section of horror fans, but the low budget,  true indie crowd will find as much to enjoy as dislike. Suspend belief and give into total fantasy, and respect and feel the very real message of mental health crisis and our veterans."}, {"pseudo": "a_southern_horror_fan", "content": "Dinatolo's story is a blend of classic horror tropes and contemporary social awareness. There is a hint of zombie-esque attitude, but I got a strong \"Night Of The Demons\" vibe through the first half of the movie.  The dialog is a bit rough and characters could have been developed a bit better, however the movie has some cool moments.\r\n\r\n\"Face Of Evil\" really shines during a few quality scenes. The main character's hypnotic- like moment starring at the singer in the bar scene, the drive through skid row with the radio broadcast, and the big reveal at the end during the guy struggling to come to terms with the truth. Great moments both in story , and acting.\r\n\r\nThe special effects really state the low budget quality of the film. The CGI over practical kind of hurt the horror momentum that \"almost but not quite gets there\". Some of the effects work great, the big win visually in \"Face Of Evil\" is the cinematography choices. It is very stylized and atmospheric which sells the classic horror influences.\r\n\r\nOverall \"Face Of Evil\" will disappoint a large section of horror fans, but the low budget,  true indie crowd will find as much to enjoy as dislike. Suspend belief and give into total fantasy, and respect and feel the very real message of mental health crisis and our veterans."}], "recommandations_id": []}