{"tmdb_id": 534966, "title": "Acharam Ammini osaram Omana", "original_title": "\u0d05\u0d1a\u0d4d\u0d1a\u0d3e\u0d30\u0d02 \u0d05\u0d2e\u0d4d\u0d2e\u0d3f\u0d23\u0d3f \u0d13\u0d36\u0d3e\u0d30\u0d02 \u0d13\u0d2e\u0d28", "slug_title": "acharam-ammini-osaram-omana", "date": "1977-12-23", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ammini is the daughter of Sivan Pilla Muthalaali. Sivan Pillai was one of the richest man in the locality years ago. However he spoiled all wealth once he became addicted to gambling. Now they are staying in a house whose condition is pathetic. Ammini joins police and currently appointed as the traffic police in the locality, which Sivan Pilla can't accept. After watching a young and energetic Ammini, a medical representative Sudhakaran falls for her. Sudhakaran comes to Ammini's house and asks for her hand. When Sivan Pillai and his wife Padmavathi was about to accept the proposal, Ammini tells that she is not prepared for the marriage now and she will think about it only after 5 years. A dejected Sivan Pillai, with the remaining money in hand decides to restart the business of wood export along with his staff Kittu Pillai and leaves home.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7LfqnUlgV0wIUWMtoq9I3O1T0WV.jpg", "actors": ["Prem Nazir (Paakkaran)", "Jayan (Sudhakaran)", "Sheela (Ammini/Omana)", "Sukumari (Padmavathi)", "Kaviyoor Ponnamma (Dhakshayani)", "Adoor Bhasi (Kittu Pilla)", "K P Ummer (Sivan Pilla Muthalali)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}