{"tmdb_id": 534, "title": "Terminator Renaissance", "original_title": "Terminator Salvation", "slug_title": "terminator-renaissance", "date": "2009-05-20", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "En 2018, apr\u00e8s l'apocalypse qui a vu s'affronter les hommes et les robots, John Connor est devenu le chef de la r\u00e9sistance humaine contre Skynet et son arm\u00e9e de Terminators. Sa vision du monde est pourtant remise en cause par l'apparition de Marcus Wright, un inconnu qui se souvient seulement de s'\u00eatre trouv\u00e9 dans le quartier des condamn\u00e9s \u00e0 mort. Connor doit d\u00e9couvrir si Marcus a \u00e9t\u00e9 envoy\u00e9 du futur ou s'il est un rescap\u00e9 du pass\u00e9. Alors que Skynet pr\u00e9pare l'assaut final, Connor et Marcus s'engagent dans une odyss\u00e9e qui va les mener au c\u0153ur m\u00eame des op\u00e9rations de Skynet. Ils y perceront le terrible secret qui se cache derri\u00e8re l'annihilation programm\u00e9e de l'humanit\u00e9 tout enti\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1U43k2IHdBxdH18ZmQg4zPJUGmk.jpg", "actors": ["Christian Bale (John Connor)", "Sam Worthington (Marcus Wright)", "Anton Yelchin (Kyle Reese)", "Moon Bloodgood (Blair Williams)", "Bryce Dallas Howard (Kate Connor)", "Helena Bonham Carter (Serena)", "Common (Barnes)", "Roland Kickinger (Prototype T-800)", "Michael Ironside (General Ashdown)", "Ivan G'Vera (General Losenko)", "Jane Alexander (Virginia)", "Chris Browning (Morrison)", "Chris Ashworth (Richter)", "Jadagrace (Star)", "David Midthunder (Soldier #1)", "Linda Hamilton (Sarah Conner (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Anton2k", "content": "What can I say about this movie, its amazing! full of explosions and action. The setting is slightly different than other terminator films but I like this new \"survival\" setting more so than the older terminators. Terminator 2 was and always will be my favourite terminator movie but this one sure comes close, defiantly my second favourite terminator movie.\r\n\r\nThere is only so much a review can tell you but this is a must watch movie for any one who has not seen it yet."}, {"pseudo": "Hady Palsu", "content": "worst of the terminator series"}, {"pseudo": "Jodie", "content": "What can I say about Terminator Salvation? It's a decent addition to the Terminator series, but has major issues. Some would say that it is the worst of the series, but I disagree. T3 will always hold that top honor for me. \r\n\r\nIt was nice to see the return of Kyle Reeese. It was a different look at a character that was forgotten to quickly. John Connor was a bit stale and I wanted way from his character. \r\n\r\nIt was nice to see this future everyone spoke about in past films, Problem was this film felt darker than all the others, excluding T1. The first film was pretty dark but had a storyline And an R Rating to back that up. This film just didn't feel like it belonged to the Terminator world. And a few nostalgic lines and visuals did nothing to make it feel like it was part of the franchise. \r\n\r\nAll of that being said, the film still had some decent action scenes and some interesting moments. It's not bad, but its not fantastic either."}], "recommandations_id": [296, 280, 218, 1571]}