{"tmdb_id": 53651, "title": "Le Relais De l'Or Maudit", "original_title": "Hangman's Knot", "slug_title": "le-relais-de-l-or-maudit", "date": "1952-11-15", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1865, un groupe de soldats conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9s conduits par le Major Matt Stewart attaque un convoi de l'Union transportant de l'or. Un survivant parmi les victimes leur apprend que la guerre est termin\u00e9e depuis un mois, ce qui fait d'eux des criminels. Ils se rendent alors compte qu'ils ont \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9sinform\u00e9s par le commanditaire du coup.\r Ils d\u00e9cident de garder l'or pour eux, mais la nouvelle de l'attaque se propage. Ils sont vite pris en chasse par un groupe d'hommes d\u00e9termin\u00e9s \u00e0 mettre la main sur le butin. Pour leur \u00e9chapper, ils s'emparent d'une diligence dans laquelle se trouvent Molly Hull et son courtisan, Cass Browne. Apr\u00e8s une course poursuite, ils se retrouvent accul\u00e9s dans un relais avec le tenancier et sa fille. Les tensions surviennent entre les personnages tandis qu'ils doivent r\u00e9sister aux assauts de leurs poursuivants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ifpv8Tyxg4h33HrkkeDSpBr37ki.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Major Matt Stewart)", "Donna Reed (Molly Hull)", "Lee Marvin (Rolph Bainter)", "Frank Faylen (Cass Browne)", "Claude Jarman Jr. (Jamie Groves)", "Glenn Langan (Capt. Petersen)", "Richard Denning (Lee Kemper)", "Jeanette Nolan (Mrs. Margaret Harris)", "Clem Bevans (Plunkett, the Station agent)", "Ray Teal (Quincey)", "Guinn Williams (Smitty)", "Monte Blue (Maxwell)", "John Call (Egan Walsh)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Damn shame this film is only an hour and twenty minutes!\r\n\r\nA unit of Confederate soldiers out on a special mission attack a Union troop that is carrying a cargo of gold. The idea being that the gold will be used to better the Confederate cause, but upon finding a barely living Union survivor, they learn that General Lee has surrendered and the war finished a month prior. The men, now guilty of murder outside of war regulations, are hunted by suspect deputies, taking a stagecoach hostage and holing up at a stage line way station, inner conflicts and murderous thieves are the order of the night.\r\n\r\nIncredible to think that this fine Western was the only effort to have been directed by Roy Huggins; because it's exactly that, damn fine. He would go on to direct notable work in TV such as The Virginian, The Rockford Files, Maverick and The Fugitive, but it seems that he wanted to put down a marker that he could in fact direct a feature length film, and although it only runs at a respectable 80 minutes, he must have been real satisfied with the finished product. Huggins is backed up by genre legend Randolph Scott in the lead role of Major Matt Stewart, with Scott providing the sort of performance that reminds us of his excellent work for Budd Boetticher in Ride Lonesome, The Tall T and Comanche Station etc. Donna Reed (lovely as ever), Lee Marvin (another fine loose cannon job), Richard Denning and Frank Faylen all beef up the cast, and although some of the other supporting players do not quite shine so bright, they do, however, earn their corn and don't harm the movie.\r\n\r\nThe film itself is structured real well, we open with a fantastic sequence as the \"Rebs\" attack the Union troop, with Charles Lawton Jr's photography expertly capturing the Lone Pine vista in Technicolor glory. From here we are centred inside the way station in what at first appears to be your standard Rio Bravo set up, this set up could easily have failed if the characters inside the building were dull and very uninteresting. Thankfully Huggins, who wrote the story as well as directing it, gives us characters of interest with little offshoots of conflicts to further enhance the plot. This makes for a tense build up until we lurch towards the inevitable showdown where the rouges gallery of thugs outside - who want the gold at any cost to life - plot with hungry menace.\r\n\r\nIt's not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, as some B movie traits and budgetary tone downs are evident, but the quality is still impressively high. From the direction and photography to the performances of the leads; Hangman's Knot is an essential viewing for the discerning Western fan. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [85677, 72163, 113073, 42261], "youtube_key": "8WjGjd2x_YM"}