{"tmdb_id": 537153, "title": "The Grand Son", "original_title": "The Grand Son", "slug_title": "the-grand-son", "date": "2018-07-11", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iaMHx1qWEiwH5L3Z6HK8Xl3jVO8.jpg", "actors": ["Rhys Wakefield (Tod)", "Lesley Ann Warren (Judy)", "Sarah Clarke (Barbara)", "Fabianne Therese (Lani)", "Danielle Campbell (Halle)", "Nathan Keyes (Jacob)", "Jack Plotnick (Suit #1)", "Scott Beehner (Suit #2)", "David Schneider (Celebrity Tour Guide)", "Mark Bramhall (Mechanic)", "Eric Henry (Zebra Handler)", "Darren Dupree Washington (Police Officer #1)", "Tom Sean Foley (Police Officer #2A)", "Brent Alan Henry (Police Officer #2B)", "Gino Montesinos (Gardener)", "Deyo Forteza (Delivery Guy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "a_southern_horror_fan", "content": "\"The Grand  Son\" has a very nouveau riche decadence, \"after the light begins to die\" feeling that is as captivating as it is addictive to watch. The story is well written, filled with tortured souls, devoid of empathy, and stained Americana. The characters are 'Fargo-esque, in their \"not quite right behind the eyes\" personas , and social impropriety. Almost avant garde.\r\n\r\nThe acting is top notch with a great cast of talent. Rhys is perfectly suited as the male lead , with equal props going to all the cast. I wish Danielle Campbell would have had a stronger presence, but other than that everything about the acting was great.\r\n\r\nThe cinematography style and choices taken, frame this modern Gothic tale strikingly. As if channeling Ryan Murphy will doing a tribute film to \"Cruel Intentions\". It is a slow burn drama with psychological edges. The only downside was the low tone and casual pace didn't really allow for any suspense. So the thrill is limited to the drama and downward spiral of Wakefield's character as the situation spins out of control. Still \"The Grand Son\" is well worth the watch- just not for the guts and gory crowd."}], "recommandations_id": [457041, 490004, 408439]}