{"tmdb_id": 53714, "title": "Jezebel", "original_title": "Another Man's Poison", "slug_title": "jezebel", "date": "1951-11-20", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "La vie d'une romanci\u00e8re est perturb\u00e9e par la r\u00e9apparition de son mari, un truand en cavale. Amoureuse d'un voisin, elle se d\u00e9barrasse de son \u00e9poux qui pourrait lui causer du tort. Mais, bient\u00f4t se pr\u00e9sente un ami du malfrat .....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vFesdMHDrBZ3XdKWILsbfDLhwpE.jpg", "actors": ["Bette Davis (Janet Frobisher)", "Gary Merrill (George Bates)", "Emlyn Williams (Dr. Henderson)", "Anthony Steel (Larry Stevens)", "Barbara Murray (Chris Dale)", "Reginald Beckwith (Mr. Bigley)", "Edna Morris (Mrs. Bunting)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Dark Recesses of the Female Mind. \r\n\r\nAnother Man's Poison is directed by Irving Rapper and adapted to screenplay by Val Guest from the play \"Deadlock\" written by Leslie Sands. It stars Bette Davis, Gary Merrill, Emlyn Williams, Anthony Steel and Barbara Murray. Music is by John Greenwood and Paul Sawtell and cinematography by Robert Krasker. \r\n\r\nA whole bunch of fun if expectation levels are correctly set. Another Man's Poison is essentially a one set piece (confirming its stage origins), with primary focus on just five people and a horse. It's a tale of murder, deception and carnal desires, the latter of which is wrung out via Janet Frobisher's (Davis) affair with a much younger man who happens to be the intended of her secretary. \r\n\r\nFrobisher is quite frankly a bitch, something which Davis attacks with relish and no little amount of histrionic camp. She's the fulcrum of the story, but all the other key characters here are either stupid, ignorant, devious or all three in one go! Oh yes, this is a regular hot-bed of people you really wouldn't want to be hanging around with for too long. \r\n\r\nIt's these characterisations that along with Krasker's photography just about earns the pic its film noir badge. The script isn't up to much - where stories about changes being made by Williams and that Davis and Merrill (husband and wife at the time) being unhappy \u2013 are common place, but it never outstays its welcome by being boring, and ultimately Bette being batty is always good entertainment. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [51476, 114302, 37216, 234868], "youtube_key": "nkELrGEz72Q"}