{"tmdb_id": 53868, "title": "Le Caveau de la terreur", "original_title": "The Vault of Horror", "slug_title": "le-caveau-de-la-terreur", "date": "1973-03-16", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Cinq hommes morts sont condamnes chaque nuit a revivre le cauchemar de leurs m\u00e9faits sur terre. L'un poignarde sa s\u0153ur, l'autre terrorise sa femme, le troisi\u00e8me est victime de ressuscites tandis que les deux autres connaissent le meurtre et les sortil\u00e8ges.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b9aGbqcFBiTQ4bdmgREfOBtUjqe.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Massey (Donna Rogers (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))", "Terry-Thomas (Arthur Critchit (segment 2 \"The Neat Job\"))", "Glynis Johns (Eleanor Critchit (segment 2 \"The Neat Job\"))", "John Forbes-Robertson (Wilson (segment 2 \"The Neat Job\"))", "Curd J\u00fcrgens (Sebastian (segment 3 \"This Trick'll Kill You\"))", "Dawn Addams (Inez (segment 3 \"This Trick'll Kill You\"))", "Ishaq Bux (Fakir (segment 3 \"This Trick'll Kill You\"))", "Michael Craig (Maitland (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "Edward Judd (Alex (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "Robin Nedwell (Tom (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "Geoffrey Davies (Jerry (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "Tom Baker (Moore (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Denholm Elliott (Diltant (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Terence Alexander (Fenton Breedley (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Erik Chitty (Old Waiter (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))", "Mike Pratt (Clive (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))", "Jerold Wells (Waiter (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))", "Marianne Stone (Jane (segment 2 \"The Neat Job\"))", "Frank Forsyth (Male Customer (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))", "Jasmina Hilton (Indian Girl (segment 3 \"This Trick'll Kill You\"))", "Arthur Mullard (Gravedigger (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "Geraldine Hart (Landlady (segment 4 \"Bargain in Death\"))", "John Witty (Gaskill (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Tony Hazel (Voodoo Man (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Maurice Kaufmann (Bob Dickson (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Sylvia Marriott (Mrs. Breedley (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Tommy Godfrey (Landlord (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Elsa Smith (Secretary (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Daniel Johns (Cutter (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Tony Wall (Painter (segment 5 \"Drawn and Quartered\"))", "Daniel Massey (Harold Rogers (segment 1 \"Midnight Mess\"))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Unimonster", "content": "The Vault of Horror (1973, Roy Ward Baker)\r\n\r\nJust as Britain's premier house of horror, Hammer Films, was entering the period of it's final decline in the early 1970s, a new challenger for the throne arose.  This was Amicus Productions, founded in 1962 by two American screenwriters and producers, Milton Subotsky and Max Rosenberg.  Beginning in 1965, with Dr. Terror's House of Horrors, Amicus focused on horror films, especially anthology film inspired by the 1945 British classic Dead of Night.\r\n\r\nIn 1972 the studio released it's best known title, Tales from the Crypt.  Based upon the EC comic book of the same name, the movie was a huge hit, on both sides of the Atlantic.  It was only natural, then, that it would be quickly followed up by a similar film, again sharing a title with a classic EC comic, The Vault of Horror.\r\n\r\nThe movie consists of five short stories, framed by five men who find themselves trapped in the basement of a building, and begin recounting their nightmares to each other.  These range from a man who finds himself at dinner with the undead, to a starving artist with the power to kill through his art.  The cast is impressive, and while the stories are, as with all such movies, uneven in quality, that unevenness is much less pronounced than is the norm, with the final tale being the weakest.\r\n\r\nSpeaking personally, I love these anthology films, also referred to as Portmanteau films.  It's much easier to construct a short horror tale than a long one, and the story telling is often better.  Though not as well known as the earlier Tales from the Crypt, I think it's the better film, and it's one of my favorites.  Give it a try!"}], "recommandations_id": [38939, 40146, 40059, 26680]}