{"tmdb_id": 53882, "title": "Absence of the Good", "original_title": "Absence of the Good", "slug_title": "absence-of-the-good", "date": "1999-10-15", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Salt Lake City homicide detective Caleb Barnes is under increasing pressure from all sides to crack a string of serial killings that have been terrorizing the city. At the same time, Barnes' home life is beginning to crumble in the wake of his son's accidental death. Will he solve the killings before the stress tears him apart? Written by", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1L89dSYuqPrDbaeHzEk42qt2uE0.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Baldwin (Caleb Barnes)", "Tyne Daly (Dr. Marcia Lyons)", "Allen Garfield (Lieutenant Paul Taylor)", "Shawn Huff (Mary Barnes)", "Silas Weir Mitchell (Jack Gaskin)", "Steve O'Neill (Detective Sloan)", "James Maitland (Detective Garcia)", "Alex Warren (Sarah Quinn)", "Michelle Wright (Police Officer)", "Robert Knepper (Glenn Dwyer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Charles Tatum", "content": "Stephen Baldwin stars in another serial killer film that arrives on the scene about ten years too late. \r\n\r\nDetective Caleb (Stephen Baldwin) and wife Mary (Shawn Huff) are still grieving after the accidental shooting death of their six year old son. Mary drowns her sorrow in pills, while emotionless Caleb drowns himself in work. A serial killer is on the loose in Salt Lake City, and Caleb and partner Glenn (Rob Knepper) are under pressure from their stereotypical blowhard commander (Allen Garfield) to solve the case.\r\n\r\nCaleb takes the case personally, since the main suspect was an abused child now visiting all his old childhood homes and murdering everyone living there. Dr. Lyons (Tyne Daly) tries to help Caleb before the case, and his nightmares about his son, send him over the edge.\r\n\r\nThe cast here is very good, from Daly's tough and tender psychiatrist to Huff's sad portrayal of a mourning mother. Knepper is always a villain in everything else I have seen him in, having him be a good guy is a welcome change. I was initially put off by Baldwin's stiff portrayal. I realize his character is keeping his emotions bottled up, but I started to find his monotone monotonous. Once in a while, I thought he would turn that emotional corner, but then he would drop back into rigid and unfeeling again.\r\n\r\nJohn Flynn's direction is very good for a small film, helped immensely by Ric Waite's beautiful photography. Like most serial killer films, you might have this one figured out if you are paying close enough attention. I did like the investigative process this time around, although the \"flawed cop working on his toughest case\" story has been done. \r\n  \r\n\"Absence of the Good\" was too easy a target (with that title) if it was bad. It is merely okay, no more, no less, and no surprises.  (* * *) out of five stars."}], "recommandations_id": [144060, 150636, 39268, 126853], "youtube_key": "m05lmx-Xcp0"}