{"tmdb_id": 53949, "title": "Le Monstre de l'Abime", "original_title": "The Monster that Challenged the World", "slug_title": "le-monstre-de-l-abime", "date": "1957-06-01", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Un tremblement de terre lib\u00e8re une horde de monstres pr\u00e9historiques g\u00e9ants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vrWLqPMXv5eBveT6RGfVYfkQ1nF.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Holt (Lt. Cmdr. John 'Twill' Twillinger)", "Audrey Dalton (Gail MacKenzie)", "Mimi Gibson (Sandy MacKenzie)", "Hans Conried (Dr. Jess Rogers)", "Max Showalter (Dr. Tad Johns)", "Harlan Warde (Lt. Robert 'Clem' Clemens)", "Gordon Jones (Sheriff Josh Peters)", "Dennis McCarthy (George Blake (lab assistant))", "Marjorie Stapp (Connie Blake)", "Milton Parsons (Lewis Clark Dobbs)", "Wallace Earl (Sally)", "Sarah Selby (Mrs. Simms)", "Barbara Darrow (Jody Simms)", "Charles Tannen (Seaman Wyatt (Radioman))", "Jody McCrea (Seaman Fred Johnson)", "Robert Benevides (Seaman Morty Beatty)", "John Carlyle (Monster Victim)", "John Close (Deputy Larry)", "William Forrest (Admiral Greenhouse)", "Gil Frye (Deputy Scotty)", "Joseph Hamilton (Other Lock Watchman)", "Charles Herbert (Boy with Morty's Cap)", "Byron Kane (Coroner Nate Brown)", "Ralph Littlefield (Gatekeeper)", "David McMahon (Patterson)", "Ralph Moody (Watchman at Lock 57)", "William Swan (Seaman Howard Sanders)", "Hal Taggart (Davis - Resort Owner)", "Mack Williams (Captain Masters)", "Dan Gachman (Deputy Brewer)", "Michael Dugan (Clarke)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Instant TERROR......just add water!\r\n\r\nAn earthquake out in the Salton Sea awakens the creeping dread, gigantic vampire water snails are on the loose and they are hungry for human fluid!\r\n\r\nJust about the right side of good, The Monster Who Challenge The World holds up well because of the well constructed creatures and a bit of care and attention to the boffin discussions. Far too many 50s creature features just used a basic premise of creatures obliterating mankind because they were in an odd mood, but much like The Beast From 20,000 Fathoms, this picture at least takes time to give us a bit of a nature heartbeat to help us understand the methods of a mollusc, and that alone should be applauded, so we learn while we have fun so to speak. The cast ooze B-movie standards, and that is in no way a bad thing here, whilst the Catalina Island locale sequences are pretty nifty to help salt the beef as it were!\r\n\r\nGood honest fun that isn't short on creepiness, and top marks to the makers for introducing a very ingenious creature to a truly wonderful genre. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3125, 84419, 6974, 43105]}