{"tmdb_id": 53961, "title": "Brainstorm", "original_title": "Bicho de Sete Cabe\u00e7as", "slug_title": "brainstorm", "date": "2001-06-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "A trip to the mental institution hell. This odyssey is lived by Neto, a middle class teenager, who lives a normal life until his father sends him to a mental institution after finding drugs on his pocket. The maconha cigarrete is just the final drop that exposes the family tragedy. Send to a mental institution, Neto gets to know a completely absurd, inhumane reality in which the people are devoured by a corrupt and cruel institution system. The documentary type language used by the director give this movie a sensation of realty that increases even more the impact of the emotions Neto goes through. In the mental institution, Neto is forced to mature. The transformations that he goes through change this relations with his father.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ucFRXjYTuIhMEa2ZgK4FKrwTPN.jpg", "actors": ["Rodrigo Santoro (Wilson Souza Neto)", "Othon Bastos (Sr. Wilson Souza (Pai))", "C\u00e1ssia Kis Magro (Meire Souza (M\u00e3e))", "Dani Nefussi (Irm\u00e3 de Neto)", "Gero Camilo (Cear\u00e1)", "Luis Miranda (Enfermeiro Marcelo)", "Caco Ciocler (Rog\u00e9rio)", "Gustavo Machado (Lobo)", "Jairo Mattos (Enfermeiro Ivan)", "Marcos Cesana (Interno Bil)", "Altair Lima (Dr. Cintra)", "Val\u00e9ria Alencar (Leninha)", "Talita Castro (Bel)", "Lineu Dias (Interno Jornalista)", "Cl\u00e1udio Carneiro (Alex)", "Ant\u00f4nio de Andrade (Ednei)", "Bicudo Jr. (Rubens)", "Rog\u00e9rio Lucas (Ronaldo)", "Cl\u00e1udia Juliana (Neide)", "S\u00e9rgio Mastropasqua (Psychiatrist)", "Elida Marques (Insurance Speech)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [8440, 70815, 40823, 40860], "youtube_key": "notfound"}