{"tmdb_id": 541020, "title": "America's Finest", "original_title": "America's Finest", "slug_title": "america-s-finest", "date": "2015-01-16", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Brent Corrigan is all man: his lean body is packed with defined muscle. Andrew Stark towers over Brent, with a toned swimmer's build and an epic, meaty boner. Brent swallows Andrew's cock in an impressive display of deep throating, and it comes out even thicker and harder than it went in. Brent gasps and drools, exclaiming, 'Big!' and switches to Andrew's enormous balls. Andrew's craving for Brent's hole is so intense, he literally rips Brent's jeans off his body. With sexual fervor, Andrew drives his tongue, then his thumb, into Brent's eager hole. On his hands and knees, Brent arches his back, offering direct access to his bubble butt. Andrew drives his cock home. They work together to find the deepest, most pleasurable angles of penetration. Sweat begins pouring down Brent's smooth, hard torso. Cum bursts out of Brent's cock like fireworks, as he swivels to capture Andrew's load in his mouth.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Andrew Stark ()", "Brent Corrigan ()", "Angelo Marconi ()", "Boomer Banks ()", "Brian Bonds ()", "Charlie Harding ()", "David Benjamin ()", "Derek Atlas ()", "Marc Dylan ()", "Johnny V ()", "Jason Michaels ()", "Trenton Ducati ()", "Shawn Wolfe ()", "Sean Zevran ()", "Ryan Rose ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}