{"tmdb_id": 541472, "title": "Sacred Blood", "original_title": "Sacred Blood", "slug_title": "sacred-blood", "date": "2015-10-16", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "For Natia, firing bullets at her sister's head and narrowly missing is all in a days work. After taking over the family business, her sharp shooting act is the only thing keeping the declining Orbeliani Circus afloat. When a stranger and his dog drifts into her home town of Batumi, Georgia from the Black Sea, peddling his own act, Natia wonders if a change of fortune is finally on the horizon. As the circus's prospects begin to rise so do suspicions that the stranger is not who he seems. A fateful interaction forces changes upon Natia and she must leave her family to protect them from what she is becoming. Soon, she is traveling to a different city-by-the-bay, San Francisco, where confrontation and opportunity release a violent darkness rooting within her. Fighting against her loneliness and the rules of this new world, she is befriended by a troubled young artist with an innocent soul. Will this tenuous love lead her out of the darkness? Or, are they merely two halves of broken whole?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v7c05ip3mKicclcn8wdEuvJA3Ok.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Biani (Natia Orbeliani)", "Bai Ling (Lilly)", "Michael Madsen (Detective Brennan)", "Konstantin Kryukov (Sasha Voloshin)", "Rob Nilsson (Ruthven)", "Kato Kaelin (Thaddeush Wilson)", "Bailey Coppola (Luke)", "Bayra Bela (Aria)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}