{"tmdb_id": 541541, "title": "Ellen: The Story of Ellen Pakkies", "original_title": "Die Ellen Pakkies Storie", "slug_title": "ellen-the-story-of-ellen-pakkies", "date": "2018-01-27", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "8.3/10", "synopsis": "Based on true events, Ellen tells of the troubled relationship between a mother and her drug-addicted son - a relationship that will eventually drive her to the edge and lead to his murder. In 2007, the death of 20 year old Abie Pakkies created a stir in South Africa and the world. The most disturbing part of the case was that the murderer was his mother, Ellen. When advocate Adrian Samuels takes on the case, he is determined to prove that Ellen Pakkies had no choice. But what compelled her to stop seeking help? How does a mother become desperate enough to take her own son's life? Told across two timelines, Ellen is the harrowing account of a woman put through the penal system, tried for murder and driven by an unflinching love for her son. It delves into the inner psyche of a family ravaged by drugs in one of the most dangerous communities in South Africa. A scourge that extends beyond the Cape Flats and highlights a systematic failure to protect the poorest of the poor.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dEOqm2MdPFR6uSnvFpe6J0L2gb0.jpg", "actors": ["St John Alexandre (Mr. Roos)", "Anray Aminsure (Secretary)", "Clint Brink (Adrian Samuels)", "Abbi Crail (Birdy)", "Jarrid Geduld (Abie Pakkies)", "Amrain Ismail-Essop (Leticia Bailey)", "Ilse Klink (Judge. Von Dheman)", "Elton Landrew (Odneal Pakkies)", "Jill Levenberg (Ellen Pakkies)", "Hurman Louw (Police Constable)", "Carmen Maarman (Cheryl)", "Gershwin Mias (Rifaat)", "Russel Savadier (Martin Yodaiken)", "Grant Swanby (Pastor Abrahams)", "Liande Valentyn (Constable Jones)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "O7YLg8KAul0"}