{"tmdb_id": 541710, "title": "Fourgy", "original_title": "Fourgy", "slug_title": "fourgy", "date": "1978-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Three Way Is My Way \u2014 Bo has a crush on Pat, an older guy in school. One night Pat and a friend of his, Jim, invite Bo over for more than what Bo thinks he can take. But take it he does! A Gift I Made Myself \u2014 Bo enjoys not only the sharing of Steve's body, but he gets to enjoy a part of Steve's body entering and probing the very inside of his own. Then Steve ejaculates into his hand. A gift. A gift he made himself! Ok, But Don't Hurt Me \u2014 What else can you say to a guy with such a huge, hole stretching piece of equipment? This is one big stud you'll want to add to your collection of the really big ones! Fourgy \u2014 What do you call the meeting of four heavy-hung and wild guys who have but one thing on their minds? it's hard! It's fast! It's Fourgy!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AfgHlrlU2Y7t0dlKN4Fpgn0jsOY.jpg", "actors": ["Bo ((segments \"Three-way Is My Way\" and \"A Gift I Made Myself\") (archive footage))", "Jimmy Hughes ((segments \"Three-way Is My Way\" and \"Fourgy\") (archive footage))", "Pat ((segment \"Three-way Is My Way\") (archive footage))", "Steve ((segment \"A Gift I Made Myself\") (archive footage))", "David ((segment \"Okay, But Don't Hurt Me\") (archive footage))", "David ((segment \"Okay, But Don't Hurt Me\") (archive footage))", "Rod ((segment \"Fourgy\") (archive footage))", "Bill ((segment \"Fourgy\") (archive footage))", "Pete ((segment \"Fourgy\") (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}