{"tmdb_id": 542098, "title": "Biker's Liberty", "original_title": "Biker's Liberty", "slug_title": "biker-s-liberty", "date": "1982-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Collection of four short films includes: Boots \u2014 Falcon favorite Sky Dawson returns to the screen, more handsome than ever and with a gym-perfected physique, to co-star with Kristen Bjorn. A man of many excesses, Sky explodes in a gut-wrenching 15-spurt climax. That's right, all over the boots!  Biker's Liberty \u2014 The sailor and the biker, it's a classic fantasy, a high-volume wet dream! Big blond Tim Kramer, the bike-riding leather man, and Mac Turner, in swabbie whites, come together for a sizzling, play-rough encounter of domination and willing submission. Beach Rovers \u2014 Kristen Bjorn gets to play with only the very hottest men! First it was Sky Dawson, now he's teamed with everybody's favorite young stud Jon King. Kris and Jon connect at the beach, but are soon at home in Kris' shower. The Big Surprise \u2014 Lee Ryder wraps it up with some solo j.o. and a dirty mouth.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jx2MImY9KYMdqgmwmGhNjZqOcqL.jpg", "actors": ["Kristen Bjorn ((segments \"Boots\" and \"Beach Rovers\") (archive footage))", "Sky Dawson ((segment \"Boots\") (archive footage))", "Jon King ((segment \"Beach Rovers\") (archive footage))", "Tim Kramer ((segment \"Biker's Liberty\") (archive footage))", "Mac Turner ((segment \"Biker's Liberty\") (archive footage))", "Lee Ryder ((segment \"The Big Surprise\") (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}