{"tmdb_id": 54392, "title": "La lampe bleue", "original_title": "The Blue Lamp", "slug_title": "la-lampe-bleue", "date": "1950-01-19", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "PC George Dixon qui doit prendre sa retraite sous peu, prend une nouvelle recrue, Andy Mitchell (Hanley), sous son \u00e9gide, l'introduction au rythme de nuit accommodants. Dixon est un h\u00e9ros Ealing \u00ab ordinaire \u00bb classique, mais aussi anachronique, non pr\u00e9par\u00e9 et incapable de r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 la violence de Tom Riley (Bogarde). Appel\u00e9 \u00e0 la sc\u00e8ne d'un vol qualifi\u00e9 dans un cin\u00e9ma local, Dixon se retrouve face \u00e0 face avec Riley, un jeune d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9 arm\u00e9 d'un revolver.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nXPdlR0SzomINpBC9c9me3eUftF.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Warner (PC George Dixon)", "Jimmy Hanley (PC Andy Mitchell)", "Dirk Bogarde (Tom Riley)", "Robert Flemyng (Police Sgt. Roberts)", "Bernard Lee (Inspector Cherry)", "Peggy Evans (Diana Lewis)", "Patric Doonan (Spud)", "Bruce Seton (PC Campbell)", "Meredith Edwards (PC Hughes)", "Frederick Piper (Alf Lewis)", "Dora Bryan (Maisie)", "Tessie O'Shea (Herself)", "Clive Morton (Police Sgt. Brooks)", "Gladys Henson (Mrs Dixon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mustn't Grumble.\r\n\r\nThe Blue Lamp is directed by Basil Dearden and written by T.E.B. Clarke. It stars Jack Warner, Jimmy Hanley, Dirk Bogarde, Robert Flemyng and Peggy Evans. Music is by Ernest Irving and cinematography by Gordon Dines.\r\n\r\nAndy Mitchell is a new recruit to the London police force, old hand George Dixon takes him under his wing and shows him the ropes. When Dixon is gunned down by a hot headed crook, Mitchell, the force, and the close knit community, all rally round to catch the villain.\r\n\r\nWhat chiefly makes The Blue Lamp a fine watch is being able to witness the good old days of the British Bobby. It was a time when the copper was a feared and reassuring presence on the British streets, they walked the beat so everyone could sleep easy in their beds, help was but merely a whistle away.\r\n\r\nIn that, this Ealing Studios production does a wonderful job, the essence is perfect, the locale and the dialect used is absolutely spot on, whilst the story is an accomplished piece that brings to notice the sad emergence of trigger happy crooks, a new breed of thug who's discipline quota was zero. It also looks nice, with a film noir sheen presented for the night-time sequences, while Dearden offers up a great action scene and closes the picture down with a tense chase finale at White City Greyhound Stadium.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s inevitably some staid performances indicative of the time, and it definitely paints the police and surrounding community through rose tinted spectacles, but they are small complaints that ultimately can\u2019t stop The Blue Lamp from being a most engaging viewing experience. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [74753, 47312, 44940, 74759], "youtube_key": "1C_6_tPj33A"}