{"tmdb_id": 544278, "title": "Jigyaasa", "original_title": "Jigyaasa", "slug_title": "jigyaasa", "date": "2006-03-10", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Story of an innocent girl named Jigyaasa Mathur (Played by Hrishitaa Bhatt) who comes from a middle-class-family and daughter of a school teacher named Malini Mathur (Played by Varsha Usgaonkar). Malini is a woman with principles and emotions. Jigyaasa wants to become a Film Actress and her mother has no objections about it. But Jigyaasa has some other plans. Jigyaasa will go to any limits to reach her goal. Within a time span of five years. Jigyaasa reaches the top and is now India's highest paid Super star. A middle class innocent girl enters Bollywood. And dominates and manipulated the dark world of Bollywood. Based on some actual witnessed events. This roller-coaster ride of a girl's journey to achieve stardom is mixed with Humor, Emotions, Sex, Domination, Dirty Celebrity Gossips, Film-Politics, Abuse, Sadism, Betrayel, Naked-Mobile-Clippings, Drugs, Glamour, Back-Bitching, Molestations, Perversions, Underworld-Connections...All rolled into one!!!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tbne3wKypQt4liBIWH5caZFuVJF.jpg", "actors": ["Nassar Abdulla (Ramesh Shah Tak)", "Rakesh Bedi (Ashok Kumar Shaayar)", "Hrishitaa Bhatt (Jigyaasa Mathur)", "Jaya Bhattacharya (Neha Sharma)", "Divyaa Dwivedi (Monisha Singh (as Divya Divedi))", "Milind Gunaji (Subhash Desai)", "Vikas Kalantri (Avinash Chopra)", "Kader Khan (Nand Kishore - Nanduji)", "Sikander Kharbanda (Anthony Mascerenhas)", "Anupam Shyam (Haider Bhai)", "Mukesh Tiwari (Qamaal Hussain)", "Varsha Usgaonkar (Malini Mathur)", "Ajay Kumar Verma (Rajeev Sen)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}