{"tmdb_id": 544447, "title": "His Little Brother", "original_title": "His Little Brother", "slug_title": "his-little-brother", "date": "1982-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Super stars in super hits!  Includes four Nova Productions short films: His Little Brother \u2014 Terry Harmon watches his big brother Les Harmon jerk off. Terry gets caught and the two suck and fuck.  A Perfect Fit \u2014 Store clerk Dale Arnold (Greg Dale) helps customer Daryl Paige out of the swim shorts he is trying on. Nakedness leads to rimming, sucking and fucking.  Pinning A Buddy \u2014 Wrestlers Chris Dean and Lee Marlin wrestle in jock straps. Floppy things that fall out are sucked. In the shower they go the rest of the way with rimming and fucking.  Basket Practice \u2014 Goofing around on the basketball court isn\u2019t very much fun when you do it alone, so George Conover is quite pleased to have Rex Wolfe (Jim Battaglia) join him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/twbeVP9peeR4AB7ZCKNuah1ZPiF.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Battaglia ((segment \"Basket Practice\") (archive footage))", "George Conover ((segment \"Basket Practice\") (archive footage))", "Les Harmon ((segment \"His Little Brother\") (archive footage))", "Terry Harmon ((segment \"His Little Brother\") (archive footage))", "Dale Arnold ((segment \"A Perfect Fit\") (archive footage))", "Daryl Paige ((segment \"A Perfect Fit\") (archive footage))", "Lee Marlin ((segment \"Pinning A Buddy\") (archive footage))", "Chris Dean ((segment \"Pinning A Buddy\") (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}