{"tmdb_id": 544434, "title": "Heat Waves", "original_title": "Heat Waves", "slug_title": "heat-waves", "date": "1982-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Here they come! The boys of summer! 12 young guys who find they can't beat the heat, so they decide to join in on it instead. Do they ever join in!!! It is a trip that goes from patio to pinball parlor and hits all the hot spots in between. Here is one trip you don't want to miss.  Catch a wave!  The temperature is rising!  Join our guys on these pulsing Heat Waves!  Contains six complete films: Try It On For Size, Sales And Service, The Big Weenie, Pinball Wizard, Caught!, and Cableman \u2014 He Delivers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Q2deZomcS3Tgyyf9jEzexCGo3T.jpg", "actors": ["Hans Mueller ((segment \"Try It On For Size\") (archive footage))", "Erick Martin ((segment \"Try It On For Size\") (archive footage))", "Mike Barnes ((segment \"Sales And Service\") (archive footage))", "Joel Thomas ((segment \"Sales And Service\") (archive footage))", "Greg Miller ((segment \"The Big Weenie\") (archive footage))", "Jeff Gaines ((segment \"The Big Weenie\") (archive footage))", "Pat Fulton ((segment \"Pinball Wizard\") (archive footage))", "Jerry O'Brien ((segment \"Pinball Wizard\") (archive footage))", "Jeff Burke ((segment \"Cableman \u2014 He Delivers\") (archive footage))", "Dan Burns ((segment \"Cableman \u2014 He Delivers\") (archive footage))", "Mark Hansen ((segment \"Caught!\") (archive footage))", "Bill Charles ((segment \"Caught!\") (archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}