{"tmdb_id": 544515, "title": "Starving", "original_title": "Starving", "slug_title": "starving", "date": "2014-08-01", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "An emotionally detached sex-starved young man from central Buenos Aires can't seem to shake the never-ending desire of wanting more. He stalks the dark streets - yearning for that touch - that taste - that cock. Director Monaco has fashioned a sexually-charged erotic tale of deep longing coupled with hardcore sex - often completely bareback - in one of Argentina's most-scintillating cities. Moodily shot, his encounters range from tender and loving couplings with friends, to intense ass-poundings with like-minded sluts and tricks.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/erT53IdAZOUFPp4WLpfQMarKAvw.jpg", "actors": ["Jonathan More (Martin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Thomcat", "content": "These guys portray what good friends that are also sex partners can do. Those first encounters, when they try things, and when they remember other good times. They make you part of their experiences.This is the difference of putting at a credible story behind the sex encounters. \r\n\r\nAn amazing film, worth watching beyond its explicit sex. The way the tale manages to capture the psychological reasons behind the fixation on a particular gender/sex role, the limited nature of the \"tops and bottoms\" labels and an emancipation from these roles. A true ode to versatility."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}