{"tmdb_id": 54525, "title": "L'esprit d'une autre", "original_title": "Secrets in the Walls", "slug_title": "l-esprit-d-une-autre", "date": "2010-11-24", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Depuis son divorce, Rachel \u00e9l\u00e8ve seule ses deux filles, Molly et Lizzie, l'a\u00een\u00e9e, \u00e2g\u00e9e de seize ans. Un jour, elle d\u00e9niche la maison de ses r\u00eaves et l'ach\u00e8te. Mais, tr\u00e8s rapidement, Lizzie adopte un comportement \u00e9trange et Molly sent et voit une pr\u00e9sence fantomatique. Rachel d\u00e9couvre qu'en 1953, une jeune mari\u00e9e \u00e2g\u00e9e de dix-sept ans, Greta, qui habitait cette maison, avait, un jour, disparu \u00e0 tout jamais. Une photo de Greta est retrouv\u00e9e et c'est pr\u00e9cis\u00e9ment cette jeune fille qui appara\u00eet r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement \u00e0 Molly en essayant de lui faire passer un message", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kiyCSnwMpekf9Gu3sLGdxcUcAgD.jpg", "actors": ["Kay Panabaker (Lizzie)", "Peyton List (Molly)", "Marianne Jean-Baptiste (Belle)", "Jeri Ryan (Rachel)", "Ian Kahn (Marty)", "Lauren Mae Shafer (Erin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Secrets in the Walls (2010)\r\n\r\nI hear her cry, all day all night\u2026\r\n\r\nDivorced mum and her two young daughters move into a big old house that\u2019s price is too good to be true. Soon strange things start to happen, and just what is that false wall doing there?\r\n\r\nSecrets in the Walls doesn\u2019t offer up anything new to the haunted house formula, and the premise bears a striking similarity to a Richard Matheson story, but it is effective at what it does. Standard haunted house rules apply, with creaks, a music box, a creepy grate, spooky drawings and boo-jump shocks via reflections and peek-a-boo dark corners. It\u2019s competently performed by Jeri Ryan, Marianne Jean-Baptise, Kay Panabaker and Peyton Roi List, Christopher Leitch\u2019s direction is up to scratch for the spook and shiver narrative, and the music and photography tech credits are not intrusive and therefore well utilised for sustained suspense.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a safe recommendation to fans of the haunted house splinter of horror, and coming out of the Lifetime Movie Network it\u2019s impressive to find it\u2019s better than a lot of bigger budgeted Hollywood genre pictures that have trundled out in recent years. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [60965, 21166, 39564, 428282]}