{"tmdb_id": 54541, "title": "\u00c0 l'heure z\u00e9ro", "original_title": "Zero Hour!", "slug_title": "a-l-heure-zero", "date": "1957-11-13", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Suite \u00e0 une intoxication alimentaire touchant son \u00e9quipage, un vol en avion tourne \u00e0 la catastrophe et l'appareil se retrouve sans pilote.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qbRSwu9GRn6ayZpG5Xr9up14FRM.jpg", "actors": ["Dana Andrews (Lt. Ted Stryker)", "Linda Darnell (Ellen Stryker)", "Sterling Hayden (Captain Martin Treleaven)", "Elroy 'Crazylegs' Hirsch (Capt. Bill Wilson)", "Geoffrey Toone (Dr. Baird)", "Jerry Paris (Tony Decker)", "Peggy King (Stewardess Janet Turner)", "Charles Quinlivan (Harry Burdick)", "Patricia Tiernan (Mrs. Joan Wilson)", "Steve London (First Officer Walt Stewart)", "Jo Ann Wade (Treleaven's Baby Sitter)", "Maxine Cooper (Sick Woman on Plane)", "Ray Ferrell (Joe Stryker)", "John Ashley (TV Singer)", "Willis Bouchey (British Army Doctor)", "Robert Stevenson (Air Traffic Controller)", "Mary Newton (Plane Passenger with Rosary Beads)", "William Conrad (Narrator (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Tension and Terror in the Skies!\r\n\r\nFamously parodied as Airplane in 1980, it gets forgotten just what a rollicking good thriller Zero Hour! is. Dana Andrews is the airman scarred by an incident during the war who has to battle his demons when the crew and passengers of the jumbo jet he is aboard fall victim to food poisoning. Sterling Hayden is down on the ground smoking loads of ciggies and having no faith in trying to talk Andrews down safely.\r\n\r\nOne of the first disaster aeroplane movies, it follows what we now regard as the staples of the genre. Troubled protagonist, family strife, calm characters, panic characters, lovely ladies, square jawed men, raging weather conditions and an aeroplane in serious danger of plummeting from the sky and killing all on board. It's sometimes hokey and one dimensional in terms of plot developments, but it commits to the drama and grinds out a suspenseful last half hour that can have you edging towards the edge of your seat.\r\n\r\nA must see for fans of such fare. It's ok to love Airplane! and prefer its comedy smartness, but it's also ok to doff a respectful pilot cap towards Zero Hour! as well. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38460]}