{"tmdb_id": 545756, "title": "Theatre Affair", "original_title": "\u0422\u0435\u0430\u0442\u0440\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e\u0435 \u0434\u0435\u043b\u043e", "slug_title": "theatre-affair", "date": "2018-08-29", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "In the spring of 2017, the Investigation Committee conducted the first searches in the criminal case, which everyone now knows as the \u201cSerebrennikov case\u201d, \u201cthe Seventh Studio case\u201d or \u201cThe Platform case\u201d. Six people, among whom is a world-famous director, are accused of having stolen more than one hundred million rubles allocated for staging performances from the state. And for this they can go to jail for 10 years. Journalists Katerina Gordeeva and Roman Super tried to figure out the essence of this matter. We talked to people who know what theater is, including in terms of money. Studied financial documents. Communicated with those with whom no one had ever succeeded. They understood why the applause of the audience and the compliments of the Ministry of Culture turned into arrests. And of course, went to all court sessions.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sai2hhBZCqHkcH5eUYFddZCZOHw.jpg", "actors": ["Kirill Serebrennikov (himself)", "Semen Serebrenikov (himself)", "Evgeny Mironov (himself)", "Vladimir Mashkov (himself)", "Zakhar Prilepin (himself)", "Alla Demidova (herself)", "Alexey Malobrodskiy (himself)", "Nikita Kukushkin (himself)", "Rinal Mukhametov (himself)", "Mariya Revyakina (herself)", "Ekaterina Voronova (herself)", "Tatyana Lukyanova (herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}