{"tmdb_id": 546292, "title": "Arwah Tumbal Nyai: Part Arwah", "original_title": "Arwah Tumbal Nyai: Part Arwah", "slug_title": "arwah-tumbal-nyai-part-arwah", "date": "2018-09-27", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "Syurkiani is very curious why she is always banned by her grandmother, Lela, to learn jaipong dance. Silently Syurkiani comes to Nyi Imas, a former jaipong dancer to learn the dance. Nyi Imas asks Syurkiani to hit the mystery drum three times as a condition. However, Syurkiani hit the drum four times. After that incident Syurkiani's grandmother dies of being attacked by a supernatural being. Syurkiani is also the target of the supernatural beings because she summons the spirit by hitting drums four times. Syukriani and his boyfriend, Shakti, try to escape the attack. Finally she knows that the supernatural being is related to the death of her grandmother. Even from this incident she finds her mother she never knew.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5K0uPJTWQ8DoIxZAaIXy3i0qYM7.jpg", "actors": ["Zaskia Gotix (Syurkiani)", "Shakti Arora (Shakti)", "Lia Waode (Lidia)", "Minati Atmanegara (Lela)", "Ingrid Widjanarko (Bi Idah)", "Meike Rose (Mirna)", "Dewi Gita (Nyi Imas)", "Otig Pakis (Aki)", "Egy Fedly (Dukun)", "Piet Pagau (Dokter)", "Masayu Anastasia (Suster)", "Nella Anne (Indah Sari)", "Riza Rahayu Efendi (Hantu Nyi Imas)", "Sophie Damayanti (Jamila)", "Silvia Gosari (Bi Idah Muda)", "Dewi Perssik (Dewi)", "Ayu Ting-Ting (Rosmalina)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "oR4Mi_z7lFA"}