{"tmdb_id": 54692, "title": "Once Brothers", "original_title": "Once Brothers", "slug_title": "once-brothers", "date": "2010-10-12", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Drazen Petrovic and Vlade Divac were two friends who grew up together sharing the common bond of basketball. Together, they lifted the Yugoslavian National team to unimaginable heights. After conquering Europe, they both went to USA where they became the first two foreign players to attain NBA stardom. But with the fall of the Soviet Union on Christmas Day 1991, Yugoslavia split up. A war broke out between Petrovic's Croatia and Divac's Serbia. Long buried ethnic tensions surfaced. And these two men, once brothers, were now on opposite sides of a deadly civil war. As Petrovic and Divac continued to face each other on the basketball courts of the NBA, no words passed between the two. Then, on the fateful night of June 7, 1993, Drazen Petrovic was killed in an auto accident. This film will tell the gripping tale of these men, how circumstances beyond their control tore them apart, and whether Divac has ever come to terms with the death of a friend before they had a chance to reconcile.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rIe1y6PwaMjPAedGkGPkbrdhP3g.jpg", "actors": ["Vlade Divac (Himself)", "Dra\u017een Petrovi\u0107 (Himself (archive footage))", "Kenny Anderson (Himself)", "Larry Bird (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [54740, 54688, 54680, 54741], "youtube_key": "h_FTjCe1C7Y"}