{"tmdb_id": 54722, "title": "Le Dernier Western", "original_title": "Once Upon A Texas Train", "slug_title": "le-dernier-western", "date": "1988-01-03", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Un bandit et un capitaine Texas Ranger ont une querelle personnelle long de la vie, mais 20 ans plus tard, avec la vieillesse d\u00e9bourbage-in, ils doivent mettre de c\u00f4t\u00e9 leurs diff\u00e9rences pour faire face \u00e0 la derni\u00e8re probl\u00e8me Texas - la plus jeune g\u00e9n\u00e9ration de hors la loi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xrgCruiHWX4WS1QRS38jQWQ6H0i.jpg", "actors": ["Willie Nelson (John Henry Lee)", "Angie Dickinson (Maggie Hayes)", "Richard Widmark (Captain Owen Hayes)", "Shaun Cassidy (Cotton)", "Chuck Connors (Nash Crawford)", "Stuart Whitman (George Asque)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "These old men get that way by staying alive.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Burt Kennedy, Once Upon a Texas Train stars Willie Nelson, Richard Widmark, Shaun Cassidy and Chuck Connors. Music is by Arthur Rubinstein and cinematography Ken Lamkin.\r\n\r\nA TV movie that Western fans can enjoy more for nostalgia value than anything bordering must see entertainment. Plot essentially has aged criminals led by Nelson's John Henry Lee, being pursued by aged law enforcers led by Widmark's Captain Oren Hayes. The passing of time a persistent theme as Kennedy throws in fun and sparky dialogue, narrative twists to make characters unlikely allies, while action flits in and out to off set the threat of impending boredom.\r\n\r\nMade with love no doubt, and with the likes of Jack Elam and Royal Dano joining the Western roll call cast list, it's a passable Oater for lovers of such. 5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Old guns vs. young guns***\r\n\r\nReleased to TV in 1988, \u201cOnce upon a Texas Train\u201d is a Western about an aged outlaw who is paroled from prison after 20 years (Willie Nelson). After he brazenly robs a bank and reforms his old gang, his nemesis, a retired Texas Ranger (Richard Widmark), forms a posse to pursue them. But these two factions of withered men might have to join forces against a young gang of outlaws (led by Shaun Cassidy).\r\n\r\nWriter/director Burt Kennedy was known for numerous Westerns, both theatrical and television, two of his best being \u201cThe War Wagon\u201d (1967) and \u201cThe Train Robbers\u201d (1973). This one isn\u2019t on that level because it was limited by a TV budget and included Willie Nelson, who\u2019s a charismatic guy but not the best actor. Nevertheless, it\u2019s a worthwhile Western featuring a can\u2019t-beat-it cast of Western stalwarts, like Chuck Connors, Stuart Whitman, Jack Elam and Angie Dickinson.\r\n\r\nAlso on the female front is the lovely Clare Carey, who was only 20 during shooting.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s some effective comedy thrown in, mostly revolving around old age, not to mention a couple of laugh-out-loud jokes involving a bicycle. Lastly, you can\u2019t beat the superb Western locations of Arizona (Mescal, Old Tucson), Nevada (Ely) and California (Thousand Oaks).\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 36 minutes and, while a standalone flick, was sort of the third movie in the \u201cOver the Hill Gang\u201d series, the first two being from 1969 and 1970 respectively.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [249313, 58867, 74753, 192162]}