{"tmdb_id": 54792, "title": "Sa Derni\u00e8re Mission", "original_title": "Appointment in London", "slug_title": "sa-derniere-mission", "date": "1953-02-17", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "En 1943, Tim Mason, commandant dans la Royal Air Force, est un aviateur hors pair. Il tient \u00e0 le d\u00e9montrer une fois encore avant de perdre son temps dans le bureau d'une quelconque administration. Tim s'est fix\u00e9 comme objectif d'effectuer plus de 90 raids de bombardement sur l'Allemagne. Pour atteindre ce but, il devra prendre plus de risques qu'il n'en a jamais pris dans sa brillante carri\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ejzoOWVK3UEyr7UTXPhrq1RJXxu.jpg", "actors": ["Dirk Bogarde (Wing-Commander Tim Mason)", "Dinah Sheridan (Eve Canyon)", "Ian Hunter (Group Captain Logan)", "Bryan Forbes (Pilot Officer Peter Greeno, The Brat)", "Walter Fitzgerald (Dr. Mulvaney, Group Medical Officer)", "Bill Kerr (Flight Lieutenant Bill Brown)", "William Sylvester (\"Mac\" Baker)", "Anne Leon (Pam Greeno)", "Charles Victor (Dobbie, the Innkeeper)", "Richard Wattis (Pascal)", "Carl Jaffe (German General)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bally Good Show.\r\n\r\nIt has something of an inauspicious title, in that it doesn't do justice to the film making craft and subject matter on offer here in Phillip Leacock's film. \r\n\r\nLeacock and his lead man, the splendidly regal Dirk Bogarde, produce a war film of undoubted human depth. There's no sledge hammer tactics to try and curry favour with the critics and film goers alike, no clich\u00e9s bogging the narrative down, this is an honest to goodness telling of the emotional trials, strains, fears and peeves of a Bomber Command Squadron in England preparing for a mission during WWII 1943. Even the inevitable romantic threads are handled with skill by the makers, never cloying and adding impact as the heroes get ready for the big bully off. \r\n\r\nSome of the action sequences show their age, but that's fine in the context of old time cinema, while the likes of Twelve O'Clock High (which came four years before this was released) set the bar too high for Leacock's film to be unfairly compared with. Yet this earns its stripes, very much so, because as those wonderful Avro Lancaster's take to the skies and thunder though the clouds, you realise you care about every single one of those involved in the mission, both in the air and on the ground. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [183918, 76119, 249313, 58867], "youtube_key": "notfound"}