{"tmdb_id": 548944, "title": "Playing Hard", "original_title": "Zabawa, zabawa", "slug_title": "playing-hard", "date": "2019-01-04", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Stories of three women struggling with alcohol. Dorota is a great prosecutor. Using her immunity, she tries to avoid responsibility for her offenses committed under the influence of alcohol. Her husband, a famous politician, helps her keep the problem secret and rescues her from many troubles but he slowly loses patience. A respected children surgeon Teresa has lost her family due to drinking problem, all she is left with is her job at the hospital where she is the main doctor. The situation goes out of control when the woman comes drunk to the hospital. A student, Magda, likes to party hard and because she is a good student and has a great job, no-one opposes that. At one moment, the girl loses control. A tragedy happens.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AnX5lmQO6nhS4IzZdqQ3WFoHpj9.jpg", "actors": ["Agata Kulesza (Dorota)", "Maria D\u0119bska (Magda)", "Dorota Kolak (Teresa)", "Marcin Doroci\u0144ski (Jerzy)", "Miros\u0142aw Baka (Wiktor)", "Rafa\u0142 Rutkowski (Andrzej Kreczek)", "S\u0142awomir Zapa\u0142a (Lukasz Leos)", "Barbara Kurzaj (Beata)", "Dorota Landowska (Magda's mother)", "Jowita Budnik (Girl's mother)", "Marcin Czarnik (Dominik)", "Justyna Wasilewska (Kaska)", "Agnieszka Wosinska (Hosting Gala)", "Magdalena Warzecha (Ela)", "Katarzyna Kwiatkowska (Malgoratza)", "Paulina Ga\u0142\u0105zka (Agata)", "Ewa Konstancja Bu\u0142hak (Pyschologist)", "Bart\u0142omiej Kotschedoff (Janek)", "Pawe\u0142 Ko\u015blik (Emil)", "Liliana Czyzewska (Sonia)", "Dominika Klu\u017aniak (Judyta)", "Olga Mi\u0142aszewska (Ewa)", "Mateusz Janicki (Adrian)", "Eryk Pratsko (Maksio)", "Kayah (Star at the Gala)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}