{"tmdb_id": 549938, "title": "Ee Maaya Peremito", "original_title": "Ee Maaya Peremito", "slug_title": "ee-maaya-peremito", "date": "2018-09-21", "genre": [""], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Sri Ramachandra Murthy (Rahul Vijay) aka Chandu is a happy-go-lucky \u2018rebel\u2019 with no ambition in life. Sheetal Jain (Kavya Thapar) is the precious daughter of Pramod Jain (Murli Sharma). She falls in love with Chandu\u2019s good nature but what happens when her father decides that he needs to change to be worthy of his daughter.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lwEeoD9gE2taKhgupBu87ZcD32B.jpg", "actors": ["Rahul Vijay ()", "Kavya Thapar ()", "Rajendra Prasad ()", "Nani ()", "Murali Sharma ()", "Easwari Rao ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "priyankaweb2k", "content": "One of the biggest drawbacks of the film is that there is no flow in the proceedings. Except for the interval bang, rest of the scenes in the first half look forced. The basic emotion which was required in the second half was missing completely. Many scenes look artificial and do not elevate the proceedings at all.\r\n\r\nJust to create some emotions, the director added many unnecessary scenes which were not required at all. The basic romance which is required in films like these is missing out in major part. The chemistry between the lead pair also takes a beating after a point of time in the film. Apart from this, all the scenes in this love and family drama are routine and quite predictable"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "_uVpM8PTk20"}