{"tmdb_id": 550244, "title": "Ne tirez pas", "original_title": "Niet Schieten", "slug_title": "ne-tirez-pas", "date": "2018-10-04", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "8.5/10", "synopsis": "David, 9 ans, est le seul survivant de sa famille suite \u00e0 l\u2019attaque d\u2019un supermarch\u00e9 par les sinistres \u00ab Tueurs du Brabant \u00bb. Le jeune gar\u00e7on orphelin va essayer d\u2019oublier, tandis que son grand-p\u00e8re va lutter pendant plus de 25 ans pour trouver les assassins. Un thriller prenant et humain qui \u00e9voque le plus gros scandale judiciaire de l\u2019histoire de la Belgique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lMjqg9QFEFvcfJXlDgw09jIZmTt.jpg", "actors": ["Jan Decleir (Albert)", "Viviane de Muynck (Metje)", "Mo Bakker (David (9 jaar))", "Kes Bakker (David (12 jaar))", "Jonas Van Geel (David (volwassene))", "Inge Paulussen (Hilde De Moor)", "Louis Talpe (Gilbert)", "Elke Van Mello (Therese)", "Zita Wauters (Rebecca)", "Ann Tuts (Zuster Benedicte)", "Lucas van den Eynde (Dokter Rumbaut)", "Charlotte De Bruyne (Nathalie)", "Nico Sturm (Chantal)", "Bert Haelvoet (Den Beir)", "Wouter Hendrickx (Walter)", "Tom van Dyck (Carlos)", "Alain Van Goethem ()", "Jurgen Delnaet (Adjudant Lootens)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "moovies", "content": "\"Don't Shoot, That's my dad!\"\r\n\r\nThese words still resonate days after I've watched this film. It's the first one in it's kind that addresses a dark page in Belgian history, you know the hellhole/Chocolate factory.\r\n\r\nThis takes us back to the mid 80's when a local gang committed several robberies on supermarkets, all with excessive violence and low loot. This 'Gang of Nijvel' always made a lot of casualties with military grade weaponry and precision.\r\n\r\nStorywise this focuses on one family and their pain as they are all gunned down except the little boy who survives after he witnessed the murder of his entire family. A this is a true story, this is also very real as this person is still alive today and fighting against all odds to get it solved.\r\n\r\nThe movie does a great job in recreating these events and you can't help to cry a couple of times to the injustice in the investigation. You really feel the pain of the lead characters. Stijn Coninckx is truly our greatest director and once again he proves his worth in the shooting of this terrible tragedy.\r\n\r\nMain lead is Jan Decleir, our greatest actor, and does a fine job as the grandfather who takes care of his grandson after the murders. Jonas Van Geel however does a terrible job as the grandson, he is a comedian and not suited for a drama role. Terrible miscast and the only downside in the best flemish movie of the year(s).\r\n\r\nConspiracy has always surrounded the dossier, the movie also shines a light on the several 'errors' in the investigation and the lack of goodwill to solve it. Since the tragedy the police has been rearmed with better material and a political drama was in the making. It seems there is some truth in this and that there were greater powers at work to destabilize our country. The movie doesn't end in a closure as it's still not solved."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}