{"tmdb_id": 550405, "title": "In Anal Sluts We Trust 2", "original_title": "In Anal Sluts We Trust 2", "slug_title": "in-anal-sluts-we-trust-2", "date": "2010-10-11", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Sandra Parker has an amazing bubble butt. Two guys fuck her ass hard and double penetrate her. She swallows two big loads.  Helena, this sexy braces wearing babe gets her horniness fixed by a big cock deep in her ass. After hard anal she swallows like a champ.  Niky Verona - a skinny blonde with a pierced pussy is about to get totally ass fucked. Two guys fuck her straight to the ass and double penetrate her. She swallows two loads of cum.  Eleanor, this super skinny blonde gets a big cock straight to her tiny asshole. She shows us some gapes and does ass-to-mouth before swallowing a load.  Lea Lexis - we paired up this bubble butt chick with two guys. They slide their dicks in and out of her tight ass before feeding her two big shots of cum to chow down on.  Jenny Bond - you just gotta love a sexy student with glasses that loves to get ass fucked. Jenny gets fucked straight to the ass showing some nice gapes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gZhL7QJdn9IFTHZIEMP64kUxyAH.jpg", "actors": ["Sandra Parker ()", "Helena Sweet ()", "Niky Verona ()", "Lea Lexis ()", "Jenny Bond ()", "Eleanor ()", "Linda Brown ()", "Anthony Hardwood ()", "Lauro Giotto ()", "Nick Lang ()", "James Brossman ()", "Mugur ()", "Csoky Ice ()", "Freddy Dalton ()", "Frank Major ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}