{"tmdb_id": 551863, "title": "A Veteran's Christmas", "original_title": "A Veteran's Christmas", "slug_title": "a-veteran-s-christmas", "date": "2018-11-11", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Familial"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Captain Grace Garland, a decorated U.S. veteran, returns home after two tours of Search and Rescue in Afghanistan. After being separated from her beloved K9 partner, Grace must rediscover the magic of Christmas. When she finds herself stranded in the town of River\u2019s Crossing a couple weeks before Christmas, the local judge, Joe Peterson, offers her a place to stay on his property and takes it upon himself to show Grace everything she has been missing; Christmas, family, community, and love.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a5wyrzHYgjMOp3VBNuLqfG9Pt5i.jpg", "actors": ["Eloise Mumford (Grace Garland)", "Sean Faris (Joe Peterson)", "Miriam McDonald (Marnie Radcliffe)", "Jacob Blair (Travis)", "Richard Waugh (Uncle Roy)", "Amanda Lisman (Katie)", "Jenna Weir (Addison)", "Mary Long (Aunt Nellie)", "Jess Brown (Sheri)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "jgkflorida", "content": "A very good Christmas/ Veterans movie. It seems like the movie industry has forgotten  the veterans in america when creating wholesome movies. The cast was excellent especially the leading actor and actress. They delivered such a great performance that actually made you believe this was a real setting. I believe they connected with the audience they were striving to please. I am new to the Hallmark channel and am very impressed with the quality of their movies and especially the actors involved. I gave viewed many Hallmark movies and I find this on to be what I consider their best one especially concerning content and actor integration."}], "recommandations_id": [550025, 550073, 554279, 549313], "youtube_key": "_r_2_VeNY6Y"}