{"tmdb_id": 551910, "title": "Dead in the Water", "original_title": "Dead in the Water", "slug_title": "dead-in-the-water", "date": "2018-10-27", "genre": ["T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Thriller"], "score": "2.7/10", "synopsis": "The Nereus is a fifty-year-old Ice Breaker, salvaged by an idealistic crew on a mission to catch illegal fisherman. On chase, the crew find themselves well off-course and bearing down on a body mysteriously floating in the middle of the Devil\u2019s Sea. Superstitious or not, the team soon discovers they\u2019ve rescued a deadly creature feeding on the lifeless body. Their new mission\u2014kill or be killed and preferably before they hit land.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/evn7F3Y04GI2NGiQ4L08wYgVBND.jpg", "actors": ["Nikohl Boosheri (Dana)", "Christia Visser (Sparks)", "Tanya van Graan (Erika)", "Amy Louise Wilson (Michelle)", "Brandon Auret (Stranger)", "Nicole Fortuin (Kat)", "Skye Russell (Rusty)", "Bianca Simone Mannie (Gwen)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A crew of women stuck on the high seas with some\u2026 thing***\r\n\r\nAn icebreaker vessel in the far Pacific with an all-female crew rescue a stranger from the ocean and are then forced to fight for their lives against an unknown enemy while a massive storm looms.\r\n\r\n\u201cDead in the Water\u201d (2018) is a TV thriller/horror that combines \u201cDead Calm\u201d (1989) with \u201cAlien/Aliens\u201d (1979/1986) and maybe a little bit o\u2019 \u201cGhost Ship\u201d (2002). While it\u2019s not as good as any of those flicks, it\u2019s not bad. The movie was shot on an actual vessel, a small one, but the surrounding sea is cartoonish CGI and it\u2019s too obvious.\r\n\r\nIf you can get past that, the actresses are all convincing and the script builds some suspense as the truth about what\u2019s really going on is slowly unveiled. I liked the tie-in to the Marianas Trench, the deepest natural point in the world located in the Western Pacific, and the F/X concerning the corresponding component (I\u2019m trying to be vague) are quite good, unlike the fake-looking waters around the ship.\r\n\r\nTo be expected in a situation like this, none of the women are made out to be alluring sirens. It\u2019s a research vessel amidst a storm and they\u2019re all appareled with work clothes. Nevertheless, they\u2019re a diverse group with most of them being appealing, one way or another. My favorite is Sparks (Christia Visser).\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 30 minutes. REST OF CAST: Nikohl Boosheri (Dana), Nicole Fortuin (Kat), Bianca Simone Mannie (Gwen), Skye Russell (Rusty), Tanya van Graan (Erika), Amy Louise Wilson (Michelle) and Brandon Auret (Stranger).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}