{"tmdb_id": 55236, "title": "Sabotage \u00e0 Berlin", "original_title": "Desperate Journey", "slug_title": "sabotage-a-berlin", "date": "1942-09-25", "genre": "Action / Drame / Guerre", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Lors de la deuxi\u00e8me guerre mondiale, l'\u00e9quipage d'un bombardier de la RAF est abattu au-dessus de l'Allemagne, les 5 rescap\u00e9s s'organisent et se mettent \u00e0 la recherche d'un avion pour rentrer en Angleterre, mais sur leur route ils multiplient les sabotages des installations ennemies qu'ils rencontrent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d7zduhtCJlj32li7sR4MgiOPdXe.jpg", "actors": ["Errol Flynn (Flight Lt. Terrence 'Terry' Forbes)", "Ronald Reagan (Flying Officer Johnny Hammond)", "Raymond Massey (Major Otto Baumeister)", "Alan Hale (Flight Sergeant Kirk Edwards)", "Nancy Coleman (Kaethe Brahms)", "Arthur Kennedy (Flying Officer Jed Forrest)", "Ronald Sinclair (Flight Sergeant Lloyd Hollis)", "Albert Bassermann (Dr. Mather)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Basically 'Errol Flynn vs. the Nazis, Round 1'\r\nBattleground: Germany\r\n\r\nThis experience was hampered for me by a freak situation in which either my flatscreen TV or my blu player, for the first time, didn't have any audio, so, nonplussed yet equally dauntless, I just said 'what the hell', put on the subtitles and watched the film with no audio. (Later, I discovered that I could have just unplugged both for ten minutes and everything would have been normal. You live, you learn. It taught me to pay more attention to what was happening on the screen, so it wasn't an entirely wasted endeavor.)\r\n\r\nHere, the weakness, as always, was Ronald Reagan, who makes Keanu Reeves look like a great actor. Still, he wasn't bad (it was a war film, after all, with a role he was born to play), and he and Flynn were assisted by great supporting players, such as Raymond Massey and Alan Hale, who are always 'cash money' for me IMHO. As well, you have one of the greatest American directors of the period in Raoul Walsh, so it's basically win, win, win--except if you're a Nazi."}], "recommandations_id": []}