{"tmdb_id": 552934, "title": "Erased", "original_title": "Izbrisana", "slug_title": "erased", "date": "2018-09-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ana gives birth at the local hospital and everything goes well. There is only a small problem with the paperwork \u2013 her file is not on the computer. A temporary loss of data seems to be caused by a software glitch, nothing to worry about. Within a few days, Ana is entangled in a web of bureaucracy of Kafkaesque proportions: not being in the computer means no social security, no permanent address and no baby. She is brutally forced to leave a newborn girl alone at the hospital without any right to visit her until everything is sorted out. All of a sudden Ana is a foreigner, even though she has lived in Slovenia all of her life. Legally, she doesn\u2019t exist. So, her child is an orphan. And orphans are put up for adoption.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5OicE54QjTv0UDxpymnCEyK3gtE.jpg", "actors": ["Judita Frankovi\u0107 (Ana)", "Sebastian Cavazza (Lover)", "Izudin Bajrovi\u0107 (Father)", "Doroteja Nadrah (Tanja)", "Silva \u010cu\u0161in (Mother)", "Jernej Kogov\u0161ek (Senad)", "Marko Mandi\u010d (TV Host)", "Gregor Zorc (Editor)", "Jernej \u0160ugman (Inspector)", "Branko Zavr\u0161an (Doctor)", "Neda Bric (Director)", "Maja Gal \u0160tromar (Director)", "Barbara Cerar (Director)", "Mojca Partlji\u010d (Official)", "Bojan Vister (Receptionist)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}