{"tmdb_id": 55308, "title": "La Vall\u00e9e maudite", "original_title": "The Gunfighters", "slug_title": "la-vallee-maudite", "date": "1947-07-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Depuis qu'il a tu\u00e9 un homme par accident, Brazos Kane refuse de toucher \u00e0 une arme. En route pour rejoindre son ami Bob, il est accus\u00e9 du meurtre de ce dernier par erreur. Condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort, il est sauv\u00e9 par le patron de Bob qui lui r\u00e9v\u00e8le le nom du vrai assassin. Kane reprend alors les armes et d\u00e9cide de venger son ami.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hmDENgQ11fgWfq4ExnWjVhI94qb.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Brazos Kane)", "Barbara Britton (Bess Banner)", "Dorothy Hart (Jane Banner)", "Bruce Cabot (Bard Macky)", "Charley Grapewin (Rancher Inskip)", "Steven Geray (Jose aka Uncle Joe)", "Forrest Tucker (Ben Orcutt)", "Charles Kemper (Sheriff Kiscaden)", "Grant Withers (Deputy Bill Yount)", "Griff Barnett (Mr. Banner)", "Hank Bell (Deputy (uncredited))", "Francis Ford (Cook (uncredited))", "Reed Howes (Ranch Hand (uncredited))", "Charles Middleton (Sheriff #1 (uncredited))", "Brick Sullivan (Ranch Hand (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Nothing left to do but try again.\r\n\r\nGunfighters (AKA: The Assassin) is directed by George Waggner and adapted to screenplay by Alan Le May from the novel \"Twin Sombreros\" written by Zane Grey. It stars Randolph Scott, Barbara Britton, Bruce Cabot, Dorothy Hart, Griff Barnett and Forest Tucker. Music is by Rudy Schrager and Gerard Carbonara and cinematography by Fred Jackman Jr.\r\n\r\nA gunman who has laid down his guns finds that circumstances test him to the limit...\r\n\r\nIt's a familiar formula that any Western film fan can acknowledge as being over used, that's not to say that the right production isn't worth visiting as such, but expectation of something fresh can often lead to dissappointment.\r\n\r\nBuilt on solid foundations due to scorching location photography and Randolph Scott prepping himself for greater things in the next decade (see also The Walking Hills 1949), it's a pleasurable piece. It also - via the narrative - isn't afraid to be bold as regards the ultimate decisions made by Scott's Brazos character, giving the pic a darker edge and being all the better for it. Elsewhere, the villains are standard stuff but entertaining regardless, the twin beauties of Britton and Hart have interesting parts to play, and the action scenes are well put together - with the pursuit sequences exciting. Filmed in Cinecolor, it's nice to report this is one of the better photographed Westerns in that format, which is just as well because the Sedona locations are to die for.\r\n\r\nNot what you would term a keeper, but for Western fans of the era and Scott fans in general, it's worth its salt. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38807], "youtube_key": "notfound"}