{"tmdb_id": 55472, "title": "Colt .45", "original_title": "Colt .45", "slug_title": "colt-45", "date": "1950-07-20", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "Scott joue Steve Farrell, un vendeur Colt .45 qui a deux des fusils vol\u00e9s par Jason pr\u00e9cieux Brett (Zachary Scott). Arm\u00e9 des pistolets, Brett commence un r\u00e8gne de la terreur, la t\u00eate d'une bande de voleurs et d'assassins.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7iR6hO4RUiJ5yYQcc7fG1RDlz1W.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Steve Farrell)", "Ruth Roman (Beth Donovan)", "Zachary Scott (Jason Brett)", "Lloyd Bridges (Paul Donovan)", "Alan Hale (Sheriff Harris)", "Ian MacDonald (Miller)", "Chief Thundercloud (Walking Bear)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Cross Guns.\r\n\r\nColt .45 (AKA: Thundercloud) is directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by Thomas W. Blackburn. It stars Randolph Scott, Ruth Roman, Zachary Scott, Lloyd Bridges, Alan Hale Senior and Chief Thundercloud. Music is by William Lava and cinematography by Wilfred M. Cline. \r\n\r\n\"A gun like any other source of power, is a force for either good or evil, being neither in itself, but dependent upon those who possess it.\" \r\n\r\nAnother of the Warner Brothers Westerns to star Western legend Randolph Scott, this one sees Scott once again team up with Marin for another lively and colourful bout of yee-haw shenanigans. Scott is gun salesman Steve Farrell, who has his new Colt .45\u2019s stolen by outlaw Jason Brett (Z Scott). As Brett and his gang wreak havoc across the lands, Farrell sets out with angered urgency to end the rampage. \r\n\r\n1950 was a big year for the Western genre, there was strong psychological releases such as Broken Arrow, Devil\u2019s Doorway, The Furies, The Gunfighter and Winchester \u201973. While John Ford was laying down one of his super Cavalry movies with Rio Grande. Colt .45 is a mile from the class of those, but as the box office success of it shows, there was then, and still is now, a great deal of enjoyment to be garnered from this type of Randy Scott Oater. \r\n\r\nThere\u2019s a unpretentiousness about the film, while the portrayal of the Indians here, who have a significant say in the story, is on the good side of good. Z Scott makes for a good villain without going over the top, Hale, who would pass away this same year, is good value as always and Roman looks the pretty part in a thankless role. Marin directs at a clip, instilling gusto to the plentiful action, and Cline brings the picturesque landscapes to colourful life. \r\n\r\nThere\u2019s of course some suspension of disbelief needed, while certain plot developments are daft, but once the dramatic twists align themselves with the frivolity, it rounds out as a good time for all the family; and of course those into gun porn! 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}