{"tmdb_id": 554864, "title": "Someone Is Still Waiting", "original_title": "Neko me ipak \u010deka", "slug_title": "someone-is-still-waiting", "date": "2009-06-09", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "1st STORY: The Waiting Room. Vanja and Dara, women of the middle-age, from different social status, met in the hall of the waiting room of a hospital, waiting to be called to prepare for abortion. This unexpected meeting will start a lot of questions in their mind, and make them reconsider their decision. 2nd STORY: The Road. A country, somewhere in Serbia: mother is taking her daughter, along the road, to the doctor who lives alone in a wagon, in which he makes illegal abortions. All over that journey there is collision between mother's traditional attitude against pregnancy before marriage and daughter's youthful wish for a birth of a new life from love. 3rd STORY: Water. Nada, a young woman in late twenties, remembered in a prison cell, the tragical events which made her kill her husband. In the hospital, where she was taken by a police car, for making abortion of his child, she met a person, who she didn't expect to meet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4EdjBZ6OqICPPmnl3wFBE4wfA3s.jpg", "actors": ["Anica Dobra (Vanja)", "Du\u0161anka Stojanovi\u0107 (Dara)", "Mirjana Karanovi\u0107 (Majka)", "Marija Vickovi\u0107 (\u0106erka)", "Tanasije Uzunovi\u0107 (Doktor)", "Nada \u0160argin (Nada)", "Ljubomir Bandovi\u0107 (Nadin mu\u017e)", "Ljiljana Stjepanovi\u0107 (Nadina svekrva)", "Elizabeta \u0110orevska (Zatvorska \u010duvarka)", "Mirjana \u0110ur\u0111evi\u0107 (Glavna medicinska sestra)", "Aleksandar \u0110urica (Biciklista)", "Andrija Ili\u0107 (Nadin sin)", "Dubravko Jovanovi\u0107 (Vrtlar)", "Aleksandra Nikoli\u0107 (Doktorka)", "Andrej \u0160epetkovski (Pijanac)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}