{"tmdb_id": 555267, "title": "For the End of Time", "original_title": "Za konec \u010dasa", "slug_title": "for-the-end-of-time", "date": "2008-01-01", "genre": ["Fantastique"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "For the End of Time is a film about the mind\u2026 a film about the body and our inability to merge these two entities which are shaping a form of civilization known under the term \u201chuman\u201d. A human is not a being unto itself. A human is a construct\u2026 a civilization-related coding of a certain precise time and place. A human is not a uniform creature. A human is a split between many things\u2026 but the worst is the split carried inside\u2026 that between the mind and the body\u2026 How can we feel others, if the only universe that an individual truly lives in and feels is his or her own universe? How can you feel for the other\u2026 How can the other feel for you? Only as much as the pain of the other resembles yours \u2013 thus as a reminiscence of one\u2019s own pain. This is the only way. For the End of Time is a film on a quest\u2026 for the eternal longing \u201cto find the real thing.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Igor Samobor ()", "Maja Delak ()", "Marko Mandi\u010d ()", "Gregor Lu\u0161tek ()", "Demeter Bitenc ()", "Slavko Sever ()", "Romana \u0160alehar ()", "Lydia Lunch ()", "Janez Jan\u0161a ()", "Ja\u0161a Drnov\u0161ek ()", "Drago Grabnar ()", "Rok Vevar ()", "Stane Kralj ()", "Iztok Ilc ()", "\u017diga Saksida ()", "Branko Poto\u010dan ()", "Sebastjan Stari\u010d ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}