{"tmdb_id": 555249, "title": "Killer High", "original_title": "Killer High", "slug_title": "killer-high", "date": "2018-10-20", "genre": "Horreur / Com\u00e9die / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nNX58K2R8GKWY0q1hxf3Gcqd6Bj.jpg", "actors": ["Kacey Rohl (Sabrina)", "Humberly Gonzalez (Rosario)", "Asha Bromfield (Margo)", "Varun Saranga (Ronnie)", "Nikki Duval (Meg)", "Jonathan Langdon (George)", "Lauren Collins (Carrie)", "Linda Goranson (Mrs. Blakeslee)", "Annie Chen (Beth Ann)", "Brittany Bristow (Jeanne)", "Kate Ross (Whitney)", "Michael Xavier (Jed)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A ten-year high school reunion interrupted by a warthog monstrosity...***\r\n\r\n...that pretty much tells you everything you need to know about \u201cKiller High\u201d (2018), as far as plot goes. It\u2019s a made-for-TV horror/comedy with several laugh-out-loud scenes and some interesting filming techniques, like angles and stills. The warthog monster is linked to the school\u2019s mascot and it\u2019s ferocious, but kinda goofy-looking. There\u2019s a lot of quality gore, if that\u2019s your thang.\r\n\r\nThe cast is ethnically diverse and likable, led by Kacey Rohl as the amusing protagonist who organizes the reunion. Varun Saranga and Asha Bromfield co-star as her main pals. On the female front, curvy cutie Niamh Wilson (Michelle) stands out, but she\u2019s out of the picture after the first ten minutes.  Lauren Collins (Carrie) is good, but they don\u2019t do enough with her. Humberly Gonz\u00e1lez (Rosario) is striking, but she needs to eat some hamburgers.\r\n\r\nThe film runs about 90 minutes and was shot exclusively in-and-around a brick high school (I can\u2019t find any location info). The opening reminded of my juvenile years breaking into our high school for kicks.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+ (5.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": [548064, 336453]}