{"tmdb_id": 55576, "title": "La rivi\u00e8re de la derni\u00e8re chance", "original_title": "Last Stand at Saber River", "slug_title": "la-riviere-de-la-derniere-chance", "date": "1997-01-19", "genre": "T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Western / Action / Drame", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Ancien officier conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9, Paul Cable revient chez lui alors que la guerre continue \u00e0 faire rage dans le nord. Le croyant mort, sa femme Martha, a continu\u00e9 sa vie en \u00e9tant institutrice, m\u00e8re de deux enfants et donnant un coup de main \u00e0 son p\u00e8re, armurier dans la petite ville o\u00f9 elle s'\u00e9tait install\u00e9 avec son mari avant le d\u00e9but du conflit s\u00e9cessionniste.  Cable n'a qu'une seule id\u00e9e une fois rentr\u00e9 chez lui : retourner dans le Wyoming, o\u00f9 il a construit une maison, et o\u00f9 il d\u00e9sire reprendre l'\u00e9levage de chevaux...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/LYTzw4xWOX9RnfyAke0HE6ffzY.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Paul Cable)", "Suzy Amis (Martha Cable)", "Rachel Duncan (Clare Cable)", "Haley Joel Osment (Davis Cable)", "Keith Carradine (Vern Kidston)", "David Carradine (Duane Kidston)", "Tracey Needham (Lorraine Kidston)", "Chris Stacy (Chris)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (James Sanford)", "Patrick Kilpatrick (Austin Dodd)", "Eugene Osment (Wynn Dodd)", "Denis Forest (Cornet)", "David Dukes (Edward Janroe)", "Lumi Cavazos (Luz)", "Raymond Cruz (Manuel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The name is Cable, and this is my home!\r\n\r\nLast Stand at Saber River is directed by Dick Lowry and adapted to teleplay by Ronald M. Cohen form the novel of the same name written by Elmore Leonard.It stars Tom Selleck, Suzy Amis, Tracey Needham, Keith Carradine, David Carradine, Haley Joel Osment and Rachel Duncan. Music is scored by David Shire and cinematography by Ric Waite.\r\n\r\n\"Texas 1865. The war between the States continues to rage. Texas remains deeply committed to the Confederate cause.\"\r\n\r\nNicely mounted Oater from the tail end of the Civil War, Last Stand at Saber River does, however, suffer from predictability. Selleck is Paul Cable, who is back from fighting for the Confederates in the war, he finds that his family thought he was dead and his homestead has been claimed by Union men. A feud ensues between Cable and the Kidston family, while Cable and his wife Martha (Amis) struggle to reform their love in a haze of confusion and bitterness. Cue some Western movie staples that file in and out of the plot and a finale that turns on an unlikely character switch around. \r\n\r\nThere's something wrong with this valley. The war's over but the killing don't stop.\r\n\r\nCharacters are nicely drawn, though, with the script allowing some mature conversations and themes to be born out within the plot. The New Mexico locations are nicely photographed by Waite, and the colours are unobtrusive and keep the feel authentic. Selleck manfully carries the film on his tall frame, he looks the part and conveys great acting skills with face and body. Rest of cast are up to a required TV Western standard, with Amis standing out by expertly portraying guts and emotional turmoil without histrionics. \r\n\r\nA good and safe time filler for the Selleck and TV Western watchers, but it really doesn't linger in the memory once the predicted ending has closed. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}