{"tmdb_id": 556381, "title": "The Team. The Time. The 2006 Mets", "original_title": "The Team. The Time. The 2006 Mets", "slug_title": "the-team-the-time-the-2006-mets", "date": "2007-04-03", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Shea Stadium was the place to be in 2006. Fueled by just the right mix of budding young superstars and established veterans, the New York Mets cut a swath through the National League, ending Atlanta s string of 14 consecutive division titles and coming within one hit of reaching the World Series. The 2006 Mets were fun, exciting and resilient! You could never count them out. And even though they came up just short of their ultimate goal, they left their fans with an overriding sense of optimism for the future. It s all here, from Spring Training, to the All-Star Game, to the nail-biting tension of the postseason. Featuring exclusive interviews with Jose Reyes and David Wright, never-before-seen footage and inside-the-game wireless. Narrarated by Tim Robbins. Relive the season that captivated a city.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wb0DnWc795zuu7et6xnsdJeltbc.jpg", "actors": ["Tim Robbins (Narrator)", "David Wright (Himself)", "Jose Reyes (Himself)", "Pedro Martinez (Himself)", "Cliff Floyd (Himself)", "Ron Darling (Himself)", "Omar Minaya (Himself)", "Willie Randolph (Himself)", "Marty Noble (Himself)", "Tom Glavine (Himself)", "Paul LoDuca (Himself)", "Carlos Beltran (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}