{"tmdb_id": 557689, "title": "Aufbruch in die Freiheit", "original_title": "Aufbruch in die Freiheit", "slug_title": "aufbruch-in-die-freiheit", "date": "2018-10-29", "genre": ["Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Germany, 1971: Erika (Anna Schudt) is actually completely overwhelmed by her work in the butchery of husband Kurt (Christian Erdmann), the education of three common children and additional obligations, which brings the village life, as her doctor also revealed that she is pregnant again. Another baby is the last thing she needs now, and so she decides to drive to her sister Charlotte (Alwara H\u00f6fels) to Cologne and let the baby abortively secretly abort. Since there are complications during the surgery and Erika can only be rescued, but her husband still learns from the matter. It comes to a huge dispute, in which another topic is the future of daughter Ulrike (Lene Oderich). Without further ado Erika then packs her things and moves with her children to Charlotte. But at a time when legislation inevitably makes her dependent on her husband, she is denied a self-determined new beginning. Erika decides to do something to change that ..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/n44ij9IR3cHEh4BVBm6cakHIuVY.jpg", "actors": ["Anna Schudt (Erika Gerlach)", "Christian Erdmann (Kurt Gerlach)", "Alwara H\u00f6fels (Charlotte Nikowski)", "Marie-Anne Fliegel (Annie Gerlach)", "Lene Oderich (Ulrike Gerlach)", "Charlie Schrein (Michael Gerlach)", "Milla Hammann (Sabine Gerlach)", "Carol Schuler (Anett)", "Johanna Gastdorf (Oberschwester B\u00e4rbel)", "Ralph Kretschmar (Pit)", "Lilia Lehner (Frau Mappus)", "Daniel Wiemer (Dr. Wesseling)", "Denis Schmidt (Jochen)", "Kathleen Gallego Zapata (Anw\u00e4ltin Weidenfels)", "Franziska Hartmann (Schwester Gabi)", "Benjamin Gr\u00fcter (Bernhard)", "Michael Kleiber (Dorfarzt Dr. Sch\u00fcttler)", "Gerhard Fehn (Herr H\u00f6ll)", "Christian Skibinski (Besucher in der Gyn\u00e4kologie (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}