{"tmdb_id": 55779, "title": "Destination finale 5", "original_title": "Final Destination 5", "slug_title": "destination-finale-5", "date": "2011-08-12", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dans ce cinqui\u00e8me \u00e9pisode, la Mort est toujours aussi omnipr\u00e9sente et se d\u00e9cha\u00eene apr\u00e8s qu\u2019un homme est victime d\u2019une terrible pr\u00e9monition, laquelle permet de sauver ses coll\u00e8gues de l\u2019effondrement d\u2019un pont suspendu. Ce groupe d\u2019\u00e2mes innocentes n\u2019\u00e9tait pas suppos\u00e9 survivre, et, dans une course terrifiante contre le temps, ces malheureux tentent fr\u00e9n\u00e9tiquement de trouver le moyen d\u2019\u00e9chapper au sinistre agenda de la Mort.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7SOl6zvVLIxxeJi3LeMoVRf8MrN.jpg", "actors": ["Emma Bell (Molly)", "Nicholas D'Agosto (Sam)", "Miles Fisher (Peter Friedkin)", "Ellen Wroe (Candice Hooper)", "Jacqueline MacInnes Wood (Olivia Castle)", "P. J. Byrne (Isaac)", "Arlen Escarpeta (Nathan)", "David Koechner (Dennis)", "Courtney B. Vance (Agent Block)", "Tony Todd (Bludworth)", "Brent Stait (Roy)", "Roman Podhora (John)", "Jasmin Dring (Cho)", "Barclay Hope (Dr. Leonetti)", "Chasty Ballesteros (Spa Receptionist)", "Mike Dopud (Chef)", "Tanya Hubbard (Coach)", "Frank Topol (Federal Agent)", "Tim Fellingham (Rocker)", "Blaine Anderson (Crime Scene Tech)", "Dawn Chubai (Reporter)", "Ryan Hesp (Mike the Waiter)", "Andy Nez (Campus Security)", "Diana Pavlovsk\u00e1 (Flight Attendant)", "Jodi Balfour (Woman)", "Michael Adamthwaite (Line Chef)", "June B. Wilde (FD1 Passenger)", "Brittany Rogers (Porter)", "Ian Thompson (Bus Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You spin me right round baby right round like a record baby.\r\n\r\nHee, no surprise to find great division among horror fanatics, whatever the film or franchise, hot debate - even furious anger - can be found. FD5 has unsurprisingly garnered mixed reactions, but even allowing for the fact that as an idea it's a series that can't get better, part 5 is a considerable step up from the very poor part 4. It also boasts a neat trick of the tail, where some ingenuity is used to bring the series full circle, with a glint in the eye and a bloody tongue in the cheek.\r\n\r\nOnce again the opening and closing credit sequences are superb, doffing its cap to what is undoubtedly a very popular horror franchise. The disaster that underpins the formula is one of the best to be staged, a mighty bridge collapse that terrifies and thrills in equal measure. Then of course it's same old same old, which you would think anyone venturing into watch would expect anyway. Acting is as usual mixed, but the deaths are up to the ingenious standard set throughout all the other films, and then a narrative twist at the finale arrives to seal the deal for a rollicking good time. We even get a welcome return of Tony Todd - Bonus! If it proves to be the final Final Destination then it's a fitting closure, because there is thought here. Anyone taking on another will have to come up with a whole new idea to appease the horror hordes.\r\n\r\nEnough Now. 7.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***One of the best of the franchise, if not THE best***\r\n\r\nThe first \"Final Destination\" movie in 2000 was a rather innovative 'Dead Teenager Movie' in that the killer was Death itself, an invisible spirit. A group of people, mostly youths, escape a great tragedy due to a premonition of one of them and the rest of the movie involves the Grim Reaper systematically slaying the kids who cheated Death in various creative ways, usually an unlikely chain of events. The opening tragedy in the first film was a plane crash, in the second a highway pile-up, in the third a rollercoaster mishap, in the fourth a racetrack calamity. In this fifth and most recent film (2011) it\u2019s a spectacular bridge collapse and it\u2019s probably the best opening tragedy of the franchise.\r\n\r\nAll of the movies in the series tell the same basic story with different characters and minor nuances; all of them are of the same high quality of technical filmmaking. Whether you prefer one or another depends on your preference for cast members and the death sequences (and the locations). Other than these factors they're all basically the same.\r\n\r\n\"Final Destination 5\" features Nicholas D'Agosto as the main protagonist with Emma Bell as his blonde girlfriend. Tom Cruise lookalike, Miles Fisher, is also on hand while Ellen Wroe plays the gymnast. Meanwhile Tony Todd returns as the creepy coroner who seems to know more about the situation than he should.\r\n\r\nWhile it\u2019s true that you know exactly how this film will play out if you've seen the first four installments, or any of them, there are some highlights beyond the females. For one, this movie has a superb score and soundtrack, at least on par with the previous installment. Aside from featuring the most thrilling opening tragedy, there are several creative death scenes involving a gymnast accident, an Asian spa, eye surgery, a factory mishap and a restaurant altercation. This entry also throws in a unique twist that I\u2019m not going to give away (but if you\u2019ve seen the trailer you already know what it is). There\u2019s an additional surprise at the end, which nicely wraps up the five-movie franchise.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 92 minutes and, like the first three films, was shot in the Vancouver area (the fourth film was shot in the East).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [19912, 9286, 9358, 9532]}