{"tmdb_id": 55777, "title": "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch", "original_title": "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch", "slug_title": "mrs-wiggs-of-the-cabbage-patch", "date": "1934-10-28", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The Wiggs family plan to celebrate Thanksgiving in their rundown shack with leftover stew, without Mr. Wiggs who wandered off long ago an has never been heard from. Do-gooder Miss Lucy brings them a real feast. Her boyfriend Bob arranges to take Wiggs' sick boy to a hospital. Their other boy makes some money peddling kindling and takes the family to a show. Mrs. Wiggs is called to the hopsital just in time to see her boy die. Her neighbor Miss Mazy wants to marry Mr. Stubbins who insists on tasting her cooking. Mrs. Wiggs sneaks her dishes past Stubbins who agrees to marriage. Mr. Wiggs appears suddenly, in tatters, with just the amount of money (twenty dollars) needed to save the family from foreclosure. Miss Lucy and Bob get married.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xseKPFw5CdMp7kVbJaPNQf4LuMm.jpg", "actors": ["Pauline Lord (Mrs. Wiggs)", "W.C. Fields (Mr. Stubbins)", "Zasu Pitts (Miss Hazy)", "Evelyn Venable (Lucy Olcott)", "Kent Taylor (Bob Redding)", "Donald Meek (Mr. Wiggs)", "Jimmy Butler (Billy Wiggs)", "George P. Breakston (Jimmy Wiggs)", "Virginia Weidler (Europena Wiggs)", "Edith Fellows (Australia Wiggs)", "Carmencita Johnson (Asia Wiggs)", "Charles Middleton (Mr. Bagby)", "Lillian Elliott (Mrs. Bagby)", "George Reed (Julius)", "Mildred Gover (Priscilla)", "Arthur Housman (Dick Harris)", "Walter Walker (Dr. Barton)", "Sam Flint (Jenkins)", "Jimmy Robinson (Mose)", "George C. Pearce (Minister)", "George Golden (Minor Role)", "Dell Henderson (House Manager)", "Ben Hewlett (Box Office Man)", "Sam Lee (Second Comedian)", "Earl Pingree (Brakeman)", "Al Shaw (First Comedian)", "Ann Sheridan (Town Girl)", "Eddie Tamblyn (Usher)", "Gladys Young (Dancer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}