{"tmdb_id": 557968, "title": "Revenger", "original_title": "Revenger", "slug_title": "revenger", "date": "2018-12-06", "genre": ["Action / Crime"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Sur une \u00eele isol\u00e9e o\u00f9 sont emprisonn\u00e9s des condamn\u00e9s \u00e0 mort, c\u2019est la loi du plus fort qui r\u00e8gne. Jusqu\u2019au jour o\u00f9 Carlos Kuhn arrive \u00e0 dominer tout ce petit monde. Pour le coincer, l\u2019ancien policier Yool se fait passer pour un condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort et met les pieds sur l\u2019\u00eele.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7zUTOTCi5PfvboAOYFgDf6vejmr.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Khan (Kim Yool)", "Park Hee-soon (Carlos Kuhn)", "Yoon Jin-seo (Mali)", "Kim In-kwon (Bau)", "Kim Na-yeon (Jin)", "Park Chul-min (Lee Pa)", "Jeon Soo-jin (Kaori)", "Choi Je-heon (Jargal)", "Ahn Gap-yong ('Two Swords')", "Park Seon-gyoo (Bug)", "Byeon Jeong-hyeon (Truong)", "Kim Dae-yeong (Salsar)", "Chun Jae-sung (Takuya)", "Yang Jong-gon (Uncle Yangon)", "T.J. Storm (Sergei)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "This is the kind of martial arts flick my grandfather would have loved. We used to watch films like this almost every Sunday afternoon when I was a kid. Obviously The Raid has opened the door for much more blood and sustained gore, but that doesn't mean they're any less fun. Revenger is as generic an action movie as they come. You know exactly what is going to happen when it's going to happen. The film is also stuck between two protagonists, unsure of who to follow. But I still could kick back and enjoy the carnage."}], "recommandations_id": [416497, 535389, 432579, 524738], "youtube_key": "74-ek46BMV4"}