{"tmdb_id": 558, "title": "Spider-Man 2", "original_title": "Spider-Man 2", "slug_title": "spider-man-2", "date": "2004-06-25", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "2 ans apr\u00e8s avoir choisi sa vie de super-h\u00e9ros, Peter Parker ne parvient plus \u00e0 g\u00e9rer sa double vie. Il perd son boulot, Mary-Jane sait qu'elle ne peut plus compter sur lui, et ses \u00e9tudes prennent le m\u00eame chemin. Il d\u00e9cide de raccrocher le costume de Spiderman. Son ami Harry lui pr\u00e9sente un ami de son professeur de science, le bienveillant docteur Otto Octavius sur lequel il doit r\u00e9diger un m\u00e9moire. Celui-ci travaille sur la fusion qu'il croit pouvoir contr\u00f4ler. Mais une d\u00e9monstration de ses recherches tourne mal, et le docteur se voit doter de 4 membres m\u00e9caniques suppl\u00e9mentaires greff\u00e9s sur sa colonne vert\u00e9brale et qui prennent le contr\u00f4le de son esprit...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/olxpyq9kJAZ2NU1siLshhhXEPR7.jpg", "actors": ["Tobey Maguire (Peter Parker / Spider-Man)", "Kirsten Dunst (Mary Jane Watson)", "James Franco (Harry Osborn)", "Alfred Molina (Dr. Otto Octavius / Doctor Octopus)", "Rosemary Harris (May Parker)", "Donna Murphy (Rosalie Octavius)", "J.K. Simmons (J. Jonah Jameson)", "Daniel Gillies (John Jameson)", "Dylan Baker (Dr. Curt Connors)", "Willem Dafoe (Norman Osborn)", "Mageina Tovah (Ursula)", "Bruce Campbell (Snooty Usher)", "Stan Lee (Man Dodging Debris)", "Scott Spiegel (Man on Balcony)", "Joel McHale (Mr. Jacks)", "Hal Sparks (Elevator Passenger)", "Donnell Rawlings (Pizza 'Heist' Witness)", "Emily Deschanel (Receptionist)", "Elizabeth Banks (Miss Brant)", "Daniel Dae Kim (Raymond)", "Aasif Mandvi (Mr. Aziz)", "Joey Diaz (Train Passenger)", "Vanessa Ferlito (Louise)", "Joy Bryant (Woman at Web)", "John Landis (Doctor)", "Phil LaMarr (Train Passenger (uncredited))", "Gregg Edelman (Dr. Davis)", "Ted Raimi (Hoffman)", "Cliff Robertson (Ben Parker)", "Elya Baskin (Mr. Ditkovich)", "Bill Nunn (Joseph 'Robbie' Robertson)", "Brent Briscoe (Garbage Man)", "Christine Estabrook (Mrs. Jameson)", "John Paxton (Houseman)", "Joanne Baron (Skeptical Scientist)", "Peter McRobbie (OsCorp Representative)", "Louis Lombardi (Poker Player)", "Marc John Jefferies (Amazed Kid)", "Reed Diamond (Algernon)", "Brendan Patrick Connor (Theater Traffic Cop)", "Dan Callahan (Jack)", "Susie Park (Clawing Nurse)", "Brianna Brown (Train Passenger)", "Tom Carey (Train Conductor)", "Dan Hicks (Train Passenger)", "Timothy Patrick Quill (Train Passenger)", "Tony Campisi (Train Passenger)", "Molly Cheek (Society Woman)", "Kelly Connell (Dr. Isaacs)", "Roshon Fegan (Amazed Kid)", "Taylor Gilbert (Mrs. Watson)", "Timothy Jerome (Injured Scientist)", "Elyse Dinh (Violinist)", "Bill E. Rogers (Fireman)", "Anne Betancourt (Woman at Fire)", "Tricia Peters (Screaming Nurse)", "Tim Storms (Chainsaw Doctor)", "Bill Calvert (Train Passenger)", "Peter Allas (Train Passenger)", "Chloe Dykstra (Train Passenger)", "Julia Max (Train Passenger)", "Calvin Dean (Boomer (uncredited))", "Frank Bonsangue (Pizza Man (uncredited))", "Andre M. Johnson (Fireman 2 (uncredited))", "Peter Cincotti (Piano Player in Planetarium (uncredited))", "Peyton List (Little Girl Playing on Steps (uncredited))", "Spencer List (Little Boy Playing on Steps (uncredited))", "Troy Metcalf (Blue Collar Guy (uncredited))", "Scott Ross (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Bonnie Somerville (Screaming Woman (uncredited))", "Wesley Volcy (Columbia University Student (uncredited))", "Lou Volpe (Man at Web (uncredited))", "David Boston (Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Garrett Warren (Bearded Doctor (uncredited))", "Michael Arthur (NYPD Officer (uncredited))", "Cindy Cheung (Chinese Daughter (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vincent", "content": "**Superheroes Anonymous**\r\n\r\nTragically I am a Batman. An obsessive Caped Crusader comic-book collector until 1972 when my evil mother tossed the entire bunch in the garbage. My cousin was Spider-man. His noble mother preserved his collection with plastic envelopes and to this day they remain in pristine condition. \r\n\r\nWhat's truly tragic about being a Batman is that, despite Nolan's recent attempts (and questionable sincerity), the best Batman movie hasn't been made yet. As far as we know, with Batman's fate resting with Warner Bros, David Goyer, Zak Snider and Ben Affleck, the best Batman movie will not be possible for another decade or two, maybe three. I await thee Dark Knight.\r\n\r\nAgain to my cousin's good fortune, the best movie about Spider-man has been established for quite some time. In fact, as a benchmark, it is arguably the best comic-book super-hero movie ever made. I didn't much love Sam Raimi's first Spider-man, and wished my mother could have disposed of his last entry, but _Spider-Man 2_ was, and is, the ultimate movie adaptation from comic-books to the movie screen. \r\n\r\nI was living in Shanghai in the summer of 2004 where I had to commute 3 hours on a hot and dizzy day to see it in English, and was fully rewarded for the effort. I was thrust into a imaginary super-hero world far more pleasing than anything I could remember since childhood. The 3 hour commute back home seemed like a breeze because Spider-man 2 awoke the wonder-struck boy inside me. It reminded me of a happy youth I forgot I had. It felt like Spidey was on the subway with me and would protect me from any harm. And he was just a boy himself! Batman? Who's that?\r\n\r\nFor a super-hero story, nearly everything is perfect in this movie. Doc Ock couldn't have been better. He looked exactly the way he did, at the height of Stan Lee's eminence, in the brightly coloured panels fighting Spider-man in 1968. And sounded just like I imagined he would. Peter and Mary Jane were in their element and their friendship and romantic undertaking actually mattered. The story and action played out the way a comic book should. It was both intimate and fantastic. Trippy, wonderful and scary. It was like growing up all over again. The climax was a bit too flashy, loud and over-the-top at that time, but by today's standards, when compared to climactic train-wrecks in _Man of Steel_, _Iron Man 3_ and _The Avengers_, it's perfectly splendid.\r\n\r\nWe are now being helplessly bombarded with comic book movies attacking us from every direction, all of them trying to out-do each other, jumping one shark after another. Every marginal superhero from Dr Strange to Shazam is being dusted off and hurled onto the big screen for our insatiable happy-childhood-appeasing appetite. The Marvel of Disney is launching at us one theme-park roller-coaster ride after another. Sony, with their Amazing Spider-man abominations, has completely lost it. Fox's X-Men and Fantastic Four proliferations hit the wall long ago. And DC, under the reigns of Warner Bros, has transfigured into its own worst enemy. A wretched mutation not even the Joker finds amusing.\r\n\r\nTurns out Sam Raimi's _Spider-Man 2_ is the gold standard by which all comic-book movies, certainly those of the super-hero variety, are and, evidently, will be set. Lucky cousin."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "I don't think anyone can review this movie better than what Roger Ebert said about it back in 2004: \"It's a real movie, full-blooded and smart, with qualities even for those who have no idea who Stan Lee is. It's a superhero movie for people who don't go to superhero movies, and for those who do, it's the one they've been yearning for.\"\r\n\r\nI also don't think any film has so eloquently defined a hero the way Aunt May does in a wonderfully heartfelt and poignant scene half way through the film.\r\n\r\nI do think the villain of Doctor Octopus is underdeveloped in both logic and motivation (although Alfred Molina is great), Mary Jane Watson is too dependent on the men in her life, and the friendship arc between Peter and Harry is a bit contrived, but none of these flaws affect what is otherwise a beautifully constructed film and a worthy sequel to the original."}], "recommandations_id": [559, 557, 36658, 9738], "youtube_key": "3jBFwltrxJw"}