{"tmdb_id": 559528, "title": "Anne: A Taboo Parody", "original_title": "Anne: A Taboo Parody", "slug_title": "anne-a-taboo-parody", "date": "2018-10-02", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "This controversial twist on a traditional parody features Pure Taboo's acclaimed blend of challenging and psychologically intense characters, breathtaking cinematography, and some of the best acting in the industry. Anne (Eliza Jane) has always been an orphan. Now that she is eighteen, she hopes she can one day be reunited with the parents who left her behind. But her dreams are mixed with the psychological damages of being a wayward girl in a transition home used for all kinds of under-the-table labor, some too heinous to describe. An environment void of order and reality sees her adopted into the possession of a rich businessman, Mr. Westfield (Derrick Pierce), who's attraction for Anne clouds his judgement, making a scheme to retake Anne, concocted by the lecherous owner of the transition home Mr. Hands (Tommy Pistol) possible. Will Anne survive scandal and manipulation to find where she truly belongs?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5NpxODaAbHjDaxPnOPFF1sZMLCp.jpg", "actors": ["Eliza Jane (Anne)", "Elena Koshka ()", "Sarah Vandella ()", "Ashley Adams ()", "Casey Calvert ()", "Whitney Wright ()", "Ember Snow ()", "Jane Wilde ()", "Chloe Foster ()", "Elle Voneva ()", "Scarlett Mae ()", "Vienna Black ()", "Derrick Pierce (Mr. Westfield)", "Dick Chibbles ()", "Seth Gamble ()", "Steve Holmes ()", "Tommy Pistol (Mr. Hands)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}