{"tmdb_id": 559831, "title": "Beyond Fucked: A Zombie Odyssey", "original_title": "Beyond Fucked: A Zombie Odyssey", "slug_title": "beyond-fucked-a-zombie-odyssey", "date": "2013-06-27", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Bonnie Rotten stars in her first leading adult role as a bounty hunter and one of the last few survivors left in the zombie apocalypse.  After a pill was invented to cure the world's obesity dilemma turned everyone who's taken the drug into crazed, uncontrollable flesh eating psychos. Years passed and only a few men in the world are still clean and can generate pure semen. Bonnie Rotten is hired by a mad scientist named Dr. Life to track and collect their semen at all costs. Will she reach her target in time to collect every drop of semen before it is swallowed? Or will she fall victim to the horde of zombies needing to eat the survivors around her? It's do or die and her corpse is on the menu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/25eNPmDqnE8XgfeRU8zMsJdGsJ2.jpg", "actors": ["Bonnie Rotten (Bonnie)", "Nikki Hearts (Lucky Lucy)", "Phoenix Askani (Subject Girl 3)", "Annie Cruz (Zombie Slut)", "Asphyxia Noir (Night Eyes)", "Betty Lou Spense (The Nanny)", "Mark Wood (Dr. Life)", "John Strong (The Target)", "Tommy Pistol (Tommy)", "David Lord (The Host)", "Kato (Crispy)", "Peter O'Tool (The Beast)", "Anthony Rosano (Scummy Bobby)", "The Minion (Little Leo)", "Big Chief Quarterblack (Zombie / Extra)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}