{"tmdb_id": 561266, "title": "Chance Meeting", "original_title": "\u6709\u697d\u753a\u3067\u9022\u3044\u307e\u3057\u3087\u3046", "slug_title": "chance-meeting", "date": "1958-01-15", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Aya successfully stages a fashion show in Osaka and in the train on her way home to Tokyo accidentally treads on a man's foot. The man whose name is Rentaro is not amused. Just afterwards she notices that he is reading a magazine which carries her picture which he crushes and throws under his seat. One of her customers in Tokyo is a pretty girl named Kana for whom she had designed a dress which at first seems quite satisfactory. But a few days later Kana brings it back. It seems her brother thinks it terrible. But when Kana brings the dress back she meets Aya's brother, Takeshi, with whom she becomes friendly and Takeshi gives her a new dress which he smuggles out of his sister's office. When Aya finds Kana's discarded dress and misses one belonging to another customer she goes to see Kana's brother, and to her surprise finds him to be the fellow whose foot she'd stepped upon in the train...", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Machiko Ky\u014d (Aya Koyanagi)", "Kenji Sugawara (Rentaro Shinohara)", "Hiroshi Kawaguchi (Takeshi Koyanagi)", "Hitomi Nozoe (Kana Shinohara)", "Yoshir\u00f4 Kitahara (Shimizu)", "Michiko Ono (Shinko)", "Ry\u00fbji Shinagawa (Announcer)", "Satoko Minami (Sadako Yamanaka)", "Junko Kano (Fusae Shimazaki)", "Atsuko Kindaichi (Miss Sekine)", "Yoshihiro Hamaguchi (Hirota)", "Chieko Naniwa (Yone)", "Teruko Kishi (Kinoshita)", "Tanie Kitabayashi (Tetsu Koyanagi)", "Kiyoko Hirai (Mrs. Sekine)", "Fujio Harumoto (Maruyama)", "Ky\u00fb Sazanka (Saburo Maeda)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}