{"tmdb_id": 562215, "title": "Strong Kids, Safe Kids", "original_title": "Strong Kids, Safe Kids", "slug_title": "strong-kids-safe-kids", "date": "1984-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Strong Kids, Safe Kids was put together because so many of us are concerned about the horrible potential dangers our kids face every day. Sexual molestation and abduction are an unfortunate part of our times. And as loving parents, it's up to us to teach our kids to stay safe. It's like teaching them to look both ways before crossing the street... only it's a whole lot trickier. That's where Strong Kids, Safe Kids comes in. This film brings all of the problems - and questions - out in the open. It talks to you and your kids one-on-one. The material is frank and to the point. But presented so entertainingly with music and humor that it's a delight for the whole family to watch together. Again and again.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kjPrZ2oOwCx7Y4L0cyNo1yN5CkE.jpg", "actors": ["Henry Winkler (Himself / Arthur 'The Fonz' Fonzarelli)", "Sol Gordon (Himself (Institute for Family Research and Education))", "Kee MacFarlane (Herself (Children's Institute International))", "Chris Wallace (Himself)", "John Ritter (Himself)", "Mariette Hartley (Herself)", "Hal Smith (Animated Voice)", "Henry Corden (Fred Flintstone (voice))", "Lucille Bliss (Smurfette (voice))", "Danny Goldman (Animated Voice)", "June Foray (Jokey Smurf (voice))", "Dana Kavin (Little Girl)", "Hannah Mason Hauser (Title Narrator (voice))", "Don Messick (Papa Smurf / Scooby-Doo / Scrappy-Doo (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}