{"tmdb_id": 562, "title": "Pi\u00e8ge de cristal", "original_title": "Die Hard", "slug_title": "piege-de-cristal", "date": "1988-07-15", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "John McClane, policier new-yorkais, est venu rejoindre pour les f\u00eates de No\u00ebl sa femme Holly, dont il est s\u00e9par\u00e9 depuis plusieurs mois, dans le secret espoir d'une r\u00e9conciliation. Celle-ci est cadre dans une multinationale japonaise, la Nakatomi Corporation. Son patron, M. Takagi, donne une soir\u00e9e en l'honneur de ses employ\u00e9s, \u00e0 laquelle assiste McClane. Tandis qu'il s'isole pour t\u00e9l\u00e9phoner, un commando investit l'immeuble et coupe toutes les communications avec l'ext\u00e9rieur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/omoh8uH4U5psmdw3dGTzcO6eql8.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (John McClane)", "Alan Rickman (Hans Gruber)", "Alexander Godunov (Karl)", "Bonnie Bedelia (Holly Gennero McClane)", "Reginald VelJohnson (Sgt. Al Powell)", "Paul Gleason (Deputy Police Chief Dwayne T. Robinson)", "De'voreaux White (Argyle)", "William Atherton (Richard Thornburg)", "Clarence Gilyard Jr. (Theo)", "Hart Bochner (Harry Ellis)", "James Shigeta (Joseph Yoshinobu Takagi)", "Bruno Doyon (Franco)", "Andreas Wisniewski (Tony)", "Joey Plewa (Alexander)", "Lorenzo Caccialanza (Marco)", "Gerard Bonn (Kristoff)", "Dennis Hayden (Eddie)", "Al Leong (Uli)", "Gary Roberts (Heinrich)", "Hans Buhringer (Fritz)", "Wilhelm von Homburg (James)", "Robert Davi (FBI Special Agent Johnson)", "Grand L. Bush (FBI Agent Little Johnson)", "Tracy Reiner (Thornburg's Assistant)", "Taylor Fry (Lucy McClane)", "Noah Land (John Jr.)", "Bill Marcus (City Engineer)", "Rick Ducommun (Walt, City Worker)", "Matt Landers (Capt. Mitchell)", "Carmine Zozzora (Rivers)", "George Christy (Dr. Hasseldorf)", "Anthony Peck (Young Cop)", "David Ursin (Harvey Johnson)", "Mary Ellen Trainor (Gail Wallens)", "Selma Archerd (Hostage)", "Rebecca Broussard (Hostage)", "Kym Malin (Hostage)", "Betty Carvalho (Paulina)", "Kip Waldo (Convenience Store Clerk)", "Rick Cicetti (Guard)", "Bob Jennings (Cameraman)", "David Katz (Soundman)", "Robert Lesser (Businessman)", "Stella Hall (Stewardess)", "Terri Lynn Doss (Girl at Airport)", "Charlie Picerni (Dwayne T. Robinson's Driver (uncredited))", "Mark Winn (Police Detective (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "doktorkraesch", "content": "**This is one of the definitive 80s Action Films.**\r\n\r\nThere is no nonsense whatsoever, the plot moves along with such a pace that the viewer is not disturbed by implausabilities.\r\n\r\nBruce Willis plays the likeable \"regular guy\", who is forced bare-foot into unleashing mayhem and destruction, to perfection.\r\n\r\nHis brilliant opposite is Alan Rickman, playing the German villain Hans Gruber in such a way that you almost root for him to get away with his heist. Also, he thankfully dispatches the office sleazeball, Ellis, in a wonderful scene.\r\n\r\nThe bad guys in Die Hard are more likeable than their counterparts in other movies. They are allowed to be funny and charming, which is good because we as viewers spend a lot of time with them, so it's good that they are not complete douchebags.\r\n\r\nJohn McLane gets to do what many adolescent boys wanted to try: to drop something off the ledge of a skyscraper or down an elevator shaft, and see what happens. But he uses an office chair armed with a PC monitor and a block of C4 and watches as it drops, then explodes, wiping out an entire floor!\r\n\r\nEverything here is bigger and louder than other Action movies from it's time.\r\nMcLane drops bad guys and one-liners left and right, things and people explode, culminating in a grand finale that is as well paced and executed as any action sequence that came after it.\r\n\r\nThis film started it's own sub-genre, after it came not only it's own sequels, but a load of films that were described as \"Die hard on a...\" or \"Die Hard in a...\" Most prominent examples were perhaps \"**Speed**\" and \"**Under Siege**\".\r\n\r\nThis is entertaining as hell, it's a must-watch!"}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Just watched this inexplicably for the first time, after having seen and adoring its first two sequels. As a teenager when this hit theatres, I never really felt the urge or inclination to see this at the time. Action films weren't big for me back then. Now as a father of a teenager myself, it's interesting seeing what's now considered 'a classic' for the first time.\r\n\r\nThis easily deserves its lofty status as one of the finest action movies ever made, especially of the 80's. Alan Rickman, now deceased, played with distinction one of the finest cinematic villains ever. This film--closely followed by 'Pulp Fiction'--is the most important work Bruce Willis ever made.\r\n\r\nI enthusiastically hope that should someday Willis either leave this plain or decide not to make any more DH films that they simply put the franchise to rest. He was born to play this character. Anyone else in his shoes could never fit the iconic bill."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "What can I even say about _Die Hard_? This is one of the most highly praised action movies of all time, and it has **actually earned that praise**.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Big, dumb, fun action flick with Bruce Willis and a skyscraper***  \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1988 and directed by John McTiernan, \"Die Hard\" is the first of (currently) five installments in the Die Hard series. In this one New York cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) flies to Los Angeles to spend Christmas with his wife & kids. When McClane visits Holly (Bonnie Bedelia) at her company\u2019s Christmas party a group of radical criminals take control of the skyscraper. Alan Rickman plays the nefarious mastermind of the operation while Reginald VelJohnson plays a cop on the ground that befriends McClane via walkie talkie. Meanwhile Paul Gleason is on hand as an exasperating police chief.\r\n\r\nThis franchise fills the bill if you're in the mood for big, dumb, fun action thrills. Don't get me wrong because a lot of work goes into making these kinds of films and it takes talent & genius to pull them off. I mean \"dumb\" in the sense that the focus is on unbelievable action rather than deeper themes beyond \"genuinely good people may be flawed, cocky and somewhat profane, but they're courageous and never give up in the face of evil.\"\r\n\r\nThe Die Hard flicks are the natural progeny of over-the-top films like 1977's \"The Gauntlet\" where the action scenes are so overdone they're cartoony, but entertaining. There's a thin line that filmmakers must tread with these kinds of blockbusters because they can easily fall into overKILL, like 2001's \"The Mummy Returns.\" Thankfully, \"Die Hard\" evades that ditch because it\u2019s not too over-the-top and it offers entertaining protagonists & antagonists, amusing one-liners, worthy bits of character development and a compelling comic booky story.\r\n\r\nWhile all five Die Hard movies are of the same action expertise, I prefer the sequels because this one takes place almost entirely in and around a skyscraper. I favor the wider location scope of the others.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours, 12 minutes and was shot entirely in Los Angeles.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B+"}], "recommandations_id": [1573, 1572, 1571, 280]}