{"tmdb_id": 56362, "title": "Loups=Garous", "original_title": "\u30eb\u30fc=\u30ac\u30eb\u30fc \u5fcc\u907f\u3059\u3079\u304d\u72fc", "slug_title": "loups-garous", "date": "2010-08-28", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Thriller / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Animation"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Virtual reality. Murder. Werewolves. And teen girls! In a future where nothing is as it seems, can old legends come true? In the near future, humans will communicate almost exclusively through monitors, making real interaction a rarefied and weak occurrence for those living in a near totalitarian society. In this new world of communication, children are only allowed to interact personally on school grounds. So when a serial killer starts slaughtering junior high children the communication routes go under further surveillance. And despite all the safeguards put in place to avoid physical interaction, the killer's latest victim turns out to have been in contact with three young girls: Tsuzki Mio, a certified prodigy; Matsuno Hatsuki, a quiet but opinionated classmate; and Kouno Ayumi, her best friend. And as the girls get caught up in trying to quell curiosity under such terrorist scrutiny, Hatsuki learns that there is much more than meets the eye of their monitored communications.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tnRX7SRwaaCiocjRdmIguye1uCb.jpg", "actors": ["Eriko Hirata (Shizue Fuwa)", "Haruo Satou (Adoptive Father)", "Kiyoshi Katsunuma (Yuuji Nakamura)", "Kunihiro Kawamoto (Touji Kunugi)", "Manabu Sakamaki (Ryuu Kawabata)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [64973, 239908, 68874, 49928], "youtube_key": "notfound"}