{"tmdb_id": 564030, "title": "The Adventures of Megabyte Man", "original_title": "The Adventures of Megabyte Man", "slug_title": "the-adventures-of-megabyte-man", "date": "2006-02-10", "genre": ["Aventure"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The lights burn to full as the historic 300th episode of the world's greatest game show, Virtual Memory begins. But, something's wrong. Jamie Alexander, host of Virtual Memory is missing! With time counting down to certain destruction, Virtual Memory calls upon its one and only hope: Megabyte Man. With massive information storage, instant recall, and electronic displacement on his side, Virtual Memory's own living super-computer begins the hunt for Jamie. Meanwhile, deep below the Earth's surface lurks Virtual Memory's darkest foe: The Virus. Bent on Virtual Memory's destruction, Virus will stop at nothing until the show lies in his evil clutches. Megabyte Man engages in a bitter race against time to foil Virus' plans to take over the show and eventual world domination. Can Megabyte Man return Jamie, save Virtual Memory, and rid the world of the leeching evil of Virus? It's time to 'Plug In, and Power Up' to The Adventures of Megabyte Man!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2L46VygPWfmBP2WgjzilOYRtt4m.jpg", "actors": ["Jamie Alexander (Megabyte Man / Mike / Himself - host)", "Graham Sibley (The Virus)", "Jerry Faragalli (Lee)", "David Schroeder (Otto)", "David Weisenberg (Pee-on)", "Liv Clark (Sarah)", "Derrick Gaffney (Billy)", "Jonathan Frappier (Overload)", "Tracy Coogan (Da Bom)", "Dale Inghram (Zip Buzbee)", "Jeremy A. Roberts (Secret Service Captain)", "J.D. Farias (Sound Room Guy)", "Justin Folk (Ted the Lighting Guy)", "Ralph Lister (Narrator (voice))", "Brittany Lasky (Game show contestant)", "Justen Finch (VM Crewmember)", "Ray Xifo (Dr. Gardenpants)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}