{"tmdb_id": 56431, "title": "Un pistolet pour Ringo", "original_title": "Una pistola per Ringo", "slug_title": "un-pistolet-pour-ringo", "date": "1965-05-12", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Dans la ville de Quemado, apr\u00e8s avoir cambriol\u00e9 une banque, des hors-la-loi mexicains, command\u00e9s par Sancho, se r\u00e9fugient dans une hacienda. Les notables de la ville font appel \u00e0 Ringo, tueur d'\u00e9lite sans scrupules, pour r\u00e9gler le probl\u00e8me. Ringo parvient \u00e0 gagner la confiance des bandits et \u00e0 s'introduire dans leur repaire, o\u00f9 ils tiennent en otage le major Clyde et sa fille Ruby. Par mille ruses, Ringo viendra \u00e0 bout de sa mission.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/roNkHxmorTKTvomcGMJpnsL6xfi.jpg", "actors": ["Giuliano Gemma (Ringo)", "Fernando Sancho (Sancho)", "Lorella De Luca (Miss Ruby)", "Nieves Navarro (Dolores)", "Antonio Casas (Maj. Clyde)", "Jos\u00e9 Manuel Mart\u00edn (Pedro)", "Manuel Mu\u00f1iz (Tim)", "Juan Cazalilla (Mr. Jenkinson - Bank director)", "Pablito Alonso (Chico - Mexican boy)", "Nazzareno Zamperla (Sancho's gang member)", "Francisco Sanz (The colonel)", "Jose Halufi (Sancho's gang member)", "George Martin (Ben - the sheriff)", "Juan Torres (Henry - Bank clerk)", "Frank Oliveras (Bandit (uncredited))", "Duccio Tessari (Deputy Sheriff (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Somebody has come for Christmas!\r\n\r\nUna pistola per Ringo (A Pistol for Ringo) is directed and predominantly written by Duccio Tessari. It stars Giuliano Gemma, Fernando Sancho, Lorella De Luca, Nieves Navarro and Antonio Casas. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Francisco Marin.\r\n\r\nWhen a gang of bandit bank robbers hole up at a rich family's hacienda - taking all who reside there as hostages - the authorities free the gunman known as \"Angel Face\" from prison to ingratiate himself into the bandit horde. His mission is to destroy from within and free the innocent...\r\n\r\nFilmed in Technicolor/Techniscope out of the familiar Spaghetti Western stomping grounds of Almeria in Spain, A Pistol for Ringo is a very enjoyable piece of pasta. From the quirky sight that greets us at pic's beginning, where our anti-hero gunman with the baby face plays hopscotch with children - then quickly dispatching four enemies enemies in the blink of an eye - to the wholly satisfying finale, it's quirky yet dramatic entertainment.\r\n\r\nSet at Xmas time, Duccio enjoys dallying with the season's motifs as part of the narrative, and even Morricone gets in on the act, imbuing his varied score with seasonal strains (the Silent Night section simply wonderful). Gemma is very likable in the lead role, helped enormously by a screenplay that introduces a character that uses cunning whiles that are as deadly as his pistol skills. He is also very athletic (no doubt boosted by the calcium from all the milk he drinks), which brings some energy to the narrative. What action there is is brisk and zippy, with heaps of horse and stuntman felling going on, and little stabs of humorous violence (the bell shot oh my) induce smiles. Add in a couple of verbally jousting babes (Luca and Navarro) and Sancho as a bulky and moody bastardo, and yer good to go for one of the better Spags of the time. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [63260, 146970, 88947, 83122], "youtube_key": "mR-lCD661wQ"}