{"tmdb_id": 564449, "title": "Ultra-Girl", "original_title": "Ultra-Girl", "slug_title": "ultra-girl", "date": "2018-11-01", "genre": ["Drame / Fantastique"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "After sinking into a deep depression, riddled with writer's block and frustration, a comic creator is visited by his own caped creation: Ultra-Girl. Will she be able to inspire the man who made her? Or is this the end for both of them?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vLcbX4Z7QWfrmxraSh1FxI2C3FE.jpg", "actors": ["Roberto Lombardi (Ross Everett)", "Lindsey Bean (Ultra-Girl)", "Edward Kasper (Comic Store Clerk)", "Laura Van Yck (Thriller Con Volunteer)", "Mario Rios (Thriller Con Volunteer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Debbie D'Amico", "content": "At first it looks like this will be another Super Hero themed short film as Chris R. Notarile does them so well, but this short film is more about the creator of the character than the character herself.\r\n\r\nRoss Everett (Roberto Lombardi) is a comic book creator / writer who has had limited success and is struggling not only financially, but creatively as he has a bad case of writers block.\r\n\r\nAt his wits end, he contemplates suicide. But in a dream he is visited by his most famous creation \"Ultra-Girl\" who helps him to realize his own worth, then literally talks him off the ledge.\r\n\r\nThe subject matter here is amazing. It really shows the struggle that creative people must go through trying to break into and remain relevant in the entertainment business. It's well written and gives non entertainment folks a glimpse of how difficult the business is. Mr. Notarile has stated that this subject matter is very personal to him and it shows.\r\n\r\nChris R. Notarile created some beautiful cinematography for this film. The opening scenes of Ross on the roof are beautiful and dreamlike, while the hotel room scenes are stark and sad looking. It ends with a beautifully shot scene that's colorful and gives the feeling of life and renewal.\r\n\r\nAs usual, Roberto Lombardi shows just how fantastic of an actor he is by presenting a range of emotions. Anger, fear, doubt, vulnerability, shyness and eventual happiness. They're all there and he does them all extremely well.\r\n\r\nLindsey Bean does a great job as Ultra-Girl. She has a knack for emoting strength and caring at the same time while both supporting and chastising her creator. She is definitely an actor to watch out for in the future."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "N5SzLB1ZJa8"}