{"tmdb_id": 564648, "title": "The New Neighbors", "original_title": "The New Neighbors", "slug_title": "the-new-neighbors", "date": "2006-09-19", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Marti and Laura Brody are your average, all American middle class couple. They have two beautiful kids, Brad age 19 and Tiffany 18. The Brody family has lived a very normal and conservative lifestyle in the quite. Just like their other neighbors on Cedar Lane, they have never been tempted by a lifestyle that\u2019s sexually adventurous, let alone depraved. Now, all of this is about to change. A new couple has moved in across the street and there is no telling about them. There is something different, something arcane, something evil about them. These newcomers will take the Brody family, and the entire neighborhood, on a descent into lust, debauchery and perversion. A descent into hell itself, courtesy of \u201cThe New Neighbors\u201d.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iy1Nj6XDtLP6bWkfh6aTGywJVFI.jpg", "actors": ["Mike Horner (Martin Brody)", "Linda Roberts (Laura Brody)", "Nicki Hunter (Lily)", "Randy Spears (Az)", "Haley Paige (Tiffany Brody)", "Jack Venice (Brad Brody)", "Tyla Wynn (Cindy)", "Brooke Banner (Anna)", "Barbara Summer (Sister Agnes)", "Tommy Gunn (Bel)", "Neil Delama (Severin)", "Steven St. Croix (Rufe)", "August Night (Person at Orgy)", "Kyle Stone (Person at Orgy)", "Jerry (Person at Orgy)", "Kyle Moore (Person at Orgy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}