{"tmdb_id": 564934, "title": "CHIEF - Keishichou IR Bunsekishitsu", "original_title": "CHIEF\u301c\u8b66\u8996\u5e81IR\u5206\u6790\u5ba4\u301c", "slug_title": "chief-keishichou-ir-bunsekishitsu", "date": "2018-04-15", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The CEO of a construction company  is shot dead in the street in Nishi Shinjuku in Tokyo. The only eyewitness refuses to cooperate with the police for some reason. Fukamachi Kotaro, a senior member of the IR Analysis Office, is ordered by the head of the First Investigative Division to handle Odagiri. The office was set up on the pretext of tracking and monitoring suspects and witnesses to advance investigations by using the many surveillance cameras and GPS trackers installed in Tokyo. However, it actually plays a supporting role to the First Investigative Division. In fact, Odagiri\u2019s wife Chiharu died in an accident in Numazu five years earlier. But six months ago, he saw a woman who looked just like her in Tokyo. Even though he consulted the police, he was brushed off. This is why he completely refuses to assist the police. The IR Analysis Office begins an investigation to determine the identity of the woman whom Odagiri saw and prove that she is a different person.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vLQe2ZFDZt0mTJo9K9AHWVmbCRG.jpg", "actors": ["Ikki Sawamura ()", "Ayumi Ito ()", "Toshinori Omi ()", "Ryoko Kobayashi ()", "Tasuku Nagase ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}