{"tmdb_id": 56530, "title": "Hysteria", "original_title": "Hysteria", "slug_title": "hysteria", "date": "1965-04-01", "genre": "Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aQ6mQ11MUDujK629KE4hcHR7We.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Webber (Chris Smith)", "Anthony Newlands (Dr. Keller)", "Jennifer Jayne (Gina McConnell)", "Maurice Denham (Hemmings)", "Lelia Goldoni (Denise James)", "Peter Woodthorpe (Marcus Allan)", "Sandra Boize (English Girl)", "Sue Lloyd (French Girl)", "Marianne Stone (Miss Grogan)", "Irene Richmond (Mrs. Keller)", "Kiwi Kingston (French Girl's Husband)", "John Arnatt (Mr. James)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "No hysterical histrionics here, just solid hysteria.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nHysteria is directed by Freddie Francis and written by Jimmy Sangster. It stars Robert Webber, Anthony Newlands, Jennifer Jayne, Maurice Denham and Lelia Gordon. Music is by Don Banks and cinematography by John Wilcox.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nFrom the long line of Hammer Thrillers with one word titles that followed in the wake of Psycho, Hysteria is a decent addition to the roster. Plot in simple terms finds Webber as Chris Smith, a survivor of a car crash who is suffering with amnesia. Upon finding out some mysterious benefactor has been footing the hospital bills for him, he is naturally intrigued as to who it is. Following the bare minimum of clues, while struggling with angry voices he hears in his head, Smith finds himself in a vortex of mystery and shifty shenanigans.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nWhat follows is a monochrome murder mystery laced with psychopathic tendencies, paranoia, dangerous attractions, twists and extended flashbacks. It\u2019s all a bit flimsy if you wanted to dissect it as a viable story, but Sangster comes up with some good ideas in the name of entertainment, and Francis is able to eek out suspense at regular intervals. Cast are fine, including the sometimes maligned Webber who sits the role well, while Denham offers up a good one as the detective who is not to be taken lightly. \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nGood solid twisty thriller from Hammer. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [130602, 51947, 18146]}