{"tmdb_id": 566456, "title": "Ginger: The Movie", "original_title": "Ginger: The Movie", "slug_title": "ginger-the-movie", "date": "1988-06-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ginger Lynn is the brightest star ever to adorn the Adult Screen. \"Ginger Lynn - The Movie\" is the almost true story of how young Ginger got into the adult business and lived through it ...  She first meets a sleazy agent, aptly played by John Holmes, who only sends models out on job interviews if he takes them to 'lunch' first. Happy Harry Reems gives anxious 'Ginger' her name when they meet on her fist job. From then on, it's Ginger bar the door. She is off in a business that can turn mere mortals into stars. In Ginger's case, she has a gift that puts her above the rest -- she is the best!  You'll see every opening she has to offer filled to her satisfaction. Non-stop sex action is the story Of her life in ... \"Ginger Lynn - The Movie\"!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uXUz0zG4y0WQfWKEhMfFfNmpA4C.jpg", "actors": ["Ginger Lynn Allen ((archive footage))", "Christy Canyon ((archive footage))", "Sheri St. Clair ((archive footage))", "Beverly Bliss ((archive footage))", "Crystal Breeze ((archive footage))", "Tom Byron ((archive footage))", "Jamie Gillis ((archive footage))", "Harry Reems ((archive footage))", "John Holmes ((archive footage))", "Peter North ((archive footage))", "Eric Edwards ((archive footage))", "Marc Wallice ((archive footage))", "David Sanders ((archive footage))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}