{"tmdb_id": 56890, "title": "Hindenburg", "original_title": "Hindenburg", "slug_title": "hindenburg", "date": "2011-02-05", "genre": "Drame / Histoire", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Une \u00e9vocation de l'une des plus grandes catastrophes a\u00e9riennes de l'histoire : l'incendie du dirigeable allemand Hindenburg en 1937.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fagqppsTjfEDTBILyhwzxqvpEhW.jpg", "actors": ["Maximilian Simonischek (Merten Kr\u00f6ger)", "Greta Scacchi (Helen van Zandt)", "Stacy Keach (Edward van Zandt)", "Alicia von Rittberg (Gisela Kerner)", "Ulrich Noethen (Kapit\u00e4n Ernst)", "J\u00fcrgen Schornagel (Captain Max Pruss)", "Heiner Lauterbach (Hugo Eckener)", "Hannes Jaenicke (Gilles Broca)", "Christiane Paul (Anna Kerner)", "Hinnerk Sch\u00f6nemann (Alfred Sauter)", "Justus von Dohn\u00e1nyi (Max Kaufmann)", "Wotan Wilke M\u00f6hring (Karl Erdmann)", "Pierre Besson (Gottfried Kerner)", "Andreas Pietschmann (Fritz Eichholz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This two part TV-movie was part of a three movie box set of not so well known war movies that we bought for my son as a Christmas present. So far we have watched two of them and they have both been worthwhile to watch.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately we found out that this one was one of those cheap DVD\u2019s that some arrogant French publisher had dumped on a DVD dubbed to French only. No original language and not even subtitles. That\u2019s just so crappy but unfortunately this used to be quite common with DVD\u2019s in France and there was no way of seeing it without opening the box set.\r\n\r\nAnyway, the movie itself is actually not bad. It spans three hours split into two one and a half hour episodes. The actual story is pure fiction loosely based on the bomb conspiracy theories. It is a fairly okay thriller/drama story and, despite knowing that the zeppelin is going to blow up, I took enough interest to follow the characters throughout the movie.\r\n\r\nIt was fun to see Stacy Keach again as well. I always liked watching Mike Hammer when I was younger.\r\n\r\nThe visual effects are not bad. Some people are probably going to complain about historical accuracy. The available space for the passengers, especially their sleeping compartments, seems to have been \u201cenlarged\u201d somewhat for the benefit of the visual impression but that doesn\u2019t really bother me that much. It\u2019s a fiction movie based on the Hindenburg disaster, not a historical documentary after all.\r\n\r\nThe one thing that bothered me, apart from the French only DVD version, was the way too modern music in the movie. It\u2019s supposed to be a 1937 setting so that modern e-guitar stuff was simply disturbing. Very poor choice indeed."}], "recommandations_id": [29989, 37531, 209385]}