{"tmdb_id": 570228, "title": "Gray State: The Rise", "original_title": "Gray State: The Rise", "slug_title": "gray-state-the-rise", "date": "2015-01-21", "genre": ["Documentaire / Drame"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "A documentary about America\u2019s current militarized police state, the liberal use of deadly force against unarmed citizens and a possible pending economic collapse. The world reels with the turmoil of war, geological disaster, and economic collapse, while Americans continue to submerge themselves in illusions of safety and immunity. While rights are sold for security, the federal government, swollen with power, begins a systematic takeover of liberty in order to bring about a New World Order. Fearmongering, terrorism, police state, martial law, war, arrest, internment, hunger, oppression, violence, resistance. Neighbor is turned against neighbor as the value of the dollar plunges to zero, food supplies are depleted, and everyone becomes a terror suspect. There are arrests. Disappearances. Bio attacks. Public executions of those even suspected of dissent. Even rumors of concentration camps on American soil. The GRAY STATE is here. It always was. By consent or conquest.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/82ocEbVkkj9F0NR2enQot7UdSVC.jpg", "actors": ["David Crowley (Director)", "Donna Marie Beard (Herself)", "Jason Bermas (Himself)", "Kurt Bills (Himself)", "Hannah Borno (Herself)", "Gabriel Brown (Himself)", "David Crowley (Himself)", "Mark Dice (Himself)", "Dan Dicks (Himself)", "Jake Diesenberg (Himself)", "Jake Duesenberg (Himself)", "Ben Egerman (Himself)", "Jeff Gigler (Himself)", "Zillah Glory (Narrator)", "Steve Grotting (Himself)", "Thomas Hood (Himself)", "Alex Jones (Himself)", "Adam Kokesh (Himself)", "Nicole Kruex (Grey State clip / cuts - eyes)", "Douglas Macgregor (Himself)", "Richard Mack (Himself)", "Abby Martin (Herself)", "Danny August Mason (Himself)", "Ray McGovern (Himself)", "Mattia Medina (Himself)", "Adam Miller (Himself)", "Christopher Monckton (Himself)", "Jordan Page (Himself)", "Erik D. Pakieser (Himself (as Erik Pakieser))", "Dani Palmer (Grey State clip 2:29:00)", "Danny Panzella (Himself)", "Rand Paul (Himself)", "Brian Peterson (Himself)", "Stewart Rhodes (Himself)", "Charlie Skelton (Himself)", "Mike Vanderboegh (Himself)", "Thomas Woods (Himself)", "Sean Wright (Himself)", "Dee Xaba (Himself)", "Glenn Zarmanov (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "eqWyJfi0b0Y"}