{"tmdb_id": 570614, "title": "Rise of the Footsoldier 4: Marbella", "original_title": "Rise of the Footsoldier 4: Marbella", "slug_title": "rise-of-the-footsoldier-4-marbella", "date": "", "genre": ["Action / Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Fresh out of prison, Pat Tate steps right back into his Essex nightclub. But still disgruntled, he soon sets out to Marbelle to revenge those that put him away for five years. While in Spain, Pat cannot turn away from the opportunity to score the biggest drug deal of his life. All he needs is for his Essex pals Tony and Craig to deliver the cash to Marbella to close the deal. But Craig, useless as ever, turns a simple plane trip to a massive road trip packed with trickery and danger. And Tony is more worried about making it back to England as he has promised to support his best friend Nigel Benn at the boxing match of his life. While waiting in Marbella, Pat proceeds with the violent revenge he has craved for years. Revenges are made and Tony and Carlton walk Nigel Benn out to what turns out to be one of the most tragic fights in history. But the drugs they bring back seems to be a bad batch and cause them more trouble than they have ever anticipated before.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Craig Fairbrass (Pat Tate)", "Terry Stone (Tony Tucker)", "Roland Manookian (Craig Rolfe)", "Emily Wyatt (Charlotte)", "Byron Gibson (Ricky)", "Franky Balboa (Frankie)", "Sandra Portillo (Valentina)", "Andrew Loveday (Terry Fisher)", "David G Mahoney (Dave)", "Gary Driscoll (Boxing MC)", "Conor Benn (Nigel Benn)", "Stuart D. Latham (American Boxing Fan)", "Leigh Barwell (Natalie Franky's girl)", "Tarkan 'Rico' Enver (Carlton Leach)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}