{"tmdb_id": 57158, "title": "Le Hobbit : La D\u00e9solation de Smaug", "original_title": "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug", "slug_title": "le-hobbit-la-desolation-de-smaug", "date": "2013-12-11", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Action"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Bilbon Sacquet continue son voyage p\u00e9rilleux en compagnie des treize nains, dirig\u00e9s par Thorin Ecu-de-Ch\u00eane, afin de regagner la Montagne solitaire et le royaume perdu des nains d'Erebor. En chemin, ils rencontrent Beorn, \u00eatre \u00e9trange qui a la capacit\u00e9 de changer de peau, et subissent une attaque d'araign\u00e9es g\u00e9antes dans la For\u00eat Noire. Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre \u00e9chapp\u00e9s des mains des Elfes des bois, dont Tauriel et Legolas, les nains se rendent \u00e0 Lacville, avant de rejoindre La Montagne solitaire, o\u00f9 ils doivent encore affronter le dragon Smaug, d\u00e9tenteur d'un fabuleux Tr\u00e9sor. Entretemps, Bilbo aura mis la main sur l'anneau de pouvoir, \u00able pr\u00e9cieux\u00bb de Gollum...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gQCiuxGsfiXH1su6lp9n0nd0UeH.jpg", "actors": ["Ian McKellen (Gandalf)", "Martin Freeman (Bilbo Baggins)", "Richard Armitage (Thorin Oakenshield)", "Benedict Cumberbatch (Smaug / Necromancer)", "Evangeline Lilly (Tauriel)", "Lee Pace (Thranduil)", "Luke Evans (Bard / Girion)", "Stephen Fry (The Master of Laketown)", "Ken Stott (Balin)", "James Nesbitt (Bofur)", "Orlando Bloom (Legolas)", "Mikael Persbrandt (Beorn)", "Sylvester McCoy (Radagast)", "Aidan Turner (Kili)", "Dean O'Gorman (Fili)", "Graham McTavish (Dwalin)", "Adam Brown (Ori)", "Peter Hambleton (Gloin)", "John Callen (Oin)", "Mark Hadlow (Dori)", "Jed Brophy (Nori)", "William Kircher (Bifur)", "Stephen Hunter (Bombur)", "Ryan Gage (Alfrid)", "John Bell (Bain)", "Manu Bennett (Azog)", "Lawrence Makoare (Bolg)", "Cate Blanchett (Galadriel)", "Peggy Nesbitt (Sigrid)", "Mary Nesbitt (Tilda)", "Ben Mitchell (Narzug)", "Stephen Ure (Fimbul)", "Craig Hall (Galion)", "Robin Kerr (Elros)", "Eli Kent (Lethuin)", "Simon London (Feren)", "Brian Sergent (Spider)", "Peter Vere-Jones (Spider)", "Mark Mitchinson (Braga)", "Kelly Kilgour (Soury)", "Sarah Peirse (Hilda Blanca)", "Nick Blake (Percy)", "Dallas Barnett (Bill Ferny Snr)", "Matt Smith (Squint)", "Katie Jackson (Betsy Butterbur)", "Richard Whiteside (Butterbur Snr)", "Greg Ellis (Net Mender)", "Ray Henwood (Old Fisherman)", "Tim Gordon (Stallkeeper)", "Jabez Olssen (Fish Monger)", "Stephen Colbert (Laketown Spy)", "Evelyn McGee-Colbert (Laketown Spy)", "Peter Colbert (Laketown Spy)", "John Colbert (Laketown Spy)", "Norman Kali (Laketown Spy)", "Carter Nixon (Laketown Spy)", "Zane Weiner (Laketown Spy)", "Allan Smith (Orc Underling)", "Terry Notary (Goblin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The second part amends the fiasco of the first one.\r\n\r\nSpectacular and, again, with several moments of the already classic \"platform-like\" fights on the run from these series of movies that could be enhanced if some sense would be given to them. Still, the staging of every location and, remarkably, Smaug, is worth seeing."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "7 out of 10 stars would normally be considered quite okay and I guess you could say that this movie is quite okay. However, it has a reputation to live up to. As a movie in the Tolkien universe and with LOTR and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey this movie have a lot to live up to and, as far as I am concerned, it does not.\r\n\r\nAs an action/adventure/fantasy movie it is a quite okay movie. It has a lot of action of course, a lot of adventure and a lot of special effects. Of course everything plays out with the Tolkien universe as a back-drop. I guess it is rather superfluous to mention that the movie is based on the book The Hobbit by Tolkien. However it is here the problems start.\r\n\r\nIn my review of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey the first thing that I mentioned was that you should be aware of the fact that the movie did not follow the book in any great detail and that this was quite okay since the extensions were well made. Well, it should be no surprise that the first part of this statement is valid for this movie as well. Unfortunately, whereas the first movie felt like a fluid extension of the book this one feels like it is just full of fillers.\r\n\r\nThere are a lot of cool scenes and a lot of action but it really feels like it was just put in there as fillers to showcase the special effects. Speaking of special effects, quite a few of them where rather unimpressive I have to say. The scenes where the dwarfs went down the rapids in barrels frequently looked plastic and artificial. The scenes with Smaug was not too bad even though he was quite overused but the parts around the forges was just plain ridiculous. I know it is fantasy but come one, getting them started and producing tons and tons of molten gold in a few minutes not to mention riding on molten metal without getting burned was just silly.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I found it an enjoyable movie but I was expecting more."}, {"pseudo": "Tom Goetz", "content": "Jackson turned a great story into just another Prates of the Caribbean. Jumping, sliding, gags, etc. All the thinking parts are gone."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'm happy to be back in this world, but _Empire_ this ain't.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [122917, 49051, 121, 122], "youtube_key": "fnaojlfdUbs"}