{"tmdb_id": 57165, "title": "La Col\u00e8re des Titans", "original_title": "Wrath of the Titans", "slug_title": "la-colere-des-titans", "date": "2012-03-27", "genre": ["Fantastique / Aventure / Action"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Une d\u00e9cennie apr\u00e8s sa victoire h\u00e9ro\u00efque sur le monstrueux Kraken, Pers\u00e9e, le fils demi-dieu de Zeus, tente de mener une vie plus tranquille de p\u00eacheur dans un village et \u00e9l\u00e8ve seul son fils de 10 ans, H\u00e9lius. Pendant ce temps, les dieux et les Titans se livrent \u00e0 une lutte de pouvoir. Dangereusement affaiblis par le manque de d\u00e9votion des humains, les dieux sont sur le point de perdre le contr\u00f4le des Titans emprisonn\u00e9s et de leur redoutable chef, Kronos, p\u00e8re du triumvirat au pouvoir, Zeus, Had\u00e8s et Pos\u00e9idon. Longtemps auparavant, les trois fr\u00e8res avaient renvers\u00e9 leur p\u00e8re puissant, le laissant croupir dans le sombre ab\u00eeme du Tartare, un donjon enterr\u00e9 au plus profond des entrailles des enfers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Albfq3ziSCQVyh5PzMSsFmmgHmy.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Worthington (Perseus)", "Liam Neeson (Zeus)", "Ralph Fiennes (Hades)", "Edgar Ram\u00edrez (Ares)", "Toby Kebbell (Argenor)", "Rosamund Pike (Andromeda)", "Bill Nighy (Hephaestus)", "Danny Huston (Poseidon)", "John Bell (Helius)", "Lily James (Korrina)", "Alejandro Naranjo (Mantius)", "Freddy Drabble (Apollo)", "Kathryn Carpenter (Athena)", "Matt Milne (Elite Guard No. 1)", "Kett Turton (Elite Guard No. 2)", "Sin\u00e9ad Cusack (Clea)", "Spencer Wilding (Minotaur)", "Martin Bayfield (Cyclops)", "Jorge Guimer\u00e1 (Theodulus)", "Asier Macazaga (Theron)", "Daniel Galindo Rojas (Eustachius)", "Lamberto Guerra (Timon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "This could have a pass based on the 3D but, in all honesty, the script and the story is totally senseless and unconnected. The travel through the Underworld maze to the Tartarus is just the best example of how bad the story is. In addition, they just mix the Greek mythology in the most absurd ways, putting a minotaur where it doesn't belong. \r\n\r\nMake up is quite bad. Specially with the beards and appearance of the gods.\r\n\r\nAndromeda, who is also misplaced and doesn't really have any relevant role, is the spark to remark, played by Rosemund Pike."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The visual effects where very good. Unfortunately, that was about it. The script was just awful. I do not want to watch a movie about Greek mythology just to see the gods being portrayed as week, loosing their power and ultimately disappearing.\n\nI don\u2019t know why so many writers today cannot do anything better than to take a well known setting and then totally destroy it for thrills. It seems like they all have some \u201cLets-destroy-the-Enterprise\u201d complex.\n\nTo me the awful script ruined this movie. It became depressing despite the good visual effects."}], "recommandations_id": [18823, 37958, 49529, 14869], "youtube_key": "6zfBS_0GI-s"}