{"tmdb_id": 57201, "title": "Lone Ranger, naissance d'un h\u00e9ros", "original_title": "The Lone Ranger", "slug_title": "lone-ranger-naissance-d-un-heros", "date": "2013-07-03", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Tonto, guerrier indien, raconte l\u2019histoire m\u00e9connue qui a transform\u00e9 John Reid, un ancien d\u00e9fenseur de la loi, en un justicier l\u00e9gendaire. Ces deux h\u00e9ros \u00e0 part vont devoir apprendre \u00e0 faire \u00e9quipe pour affronter le pire de la cupidit\u00e9 et de la corruption.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/b4vil5ueYJNBNypHmo1tpuevh4z.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Depp (Tonto)", "Armie Hammer (John Reid / The Lone Ranger)", "William Fichtner (Butch Cavendish)", "Helena Bonham Carter (Red Harrington)", "James Badge Dale (Dan Reid)", "Tom Wilkinson (Latham Cole)", "Ruth Wilson (Rebecca Reid)", "Barry Pepper (Captain Jay Fuller)", "James Frain (Barret)", "Mason Cook (Will)", "Matt O'Leary (Skinny)", "Leon Rippy (Collins)", "Harry Treadaway (Frank)", "Damon Herriman (Ray)", "W. Earl Brown (Stache)", "Gil Birmingham (Red Knee)", "Saginaw Grant (Chief Big Bear)", "Stephen Brodie (Soldier #1)", "Matthew Page (Soldier #3)", "Nick W. Nicholson (Saloon Guy (uncredited))", "Bryant Prince (Danny)", "JD Cullum (Wendell)", "Joaqu\u00edn Cosio (Jesus)", "Timothy V. Murphy (Fritz)", "Damon Carney (Blaine)", "Kevin Wiggins (Clayton)", "Chad Brummett (Martin)", "Robert Baker (Navarro)", "Lew Temple (Hollis)", "Stephen Root (Habberman)", "Randy Oglesby (Shareholder)", "Brad Greenquist (Shareholder)", "Rance Howard (Engineer)", "Leonard Earl Howze (Homer)", "Travis Hammer (Young Cavendish)", "Steve Corona (Young Cole)", "Jack Axelrod (Telegraph Operator)", "Christopher Hagen (Preacher)", "Freda Foh Shen (Kai)", "Margaret Bowman (Fat Lady)", "Luz P. Mendez (Pilar)", "Laina Loucks (Rosalie)", "Devon J. Adams (Dancer (Red's))", "Desirae Anslover (Dancer (Red's))", "Charlotte Cormier (Dancer (Red's))", "Megan Pribyl (Dancer (Red's))", "Briana Van Schuyver (Dancer (Red's))", "Julie Stracener (Dancer (Red's))", "Chad Randall (Pawing Drunk)", "Jason E. Hill (Mob Member)", "Beth Bailey (Mob Member)", "Joanne Camp (Glenda)", "Bob Rumnock (Stove Pipe)", "Tait Fletcher (Grizzled Soldier)", "Alex Knight (Soldier #4)", "Argos MacCallum (Farmer)", "Pokey LaFarge (Band at Red's)", "Joey Glynn (Band at Red's)", "Adam Hoskins (Band at Red's)", "Ryan Koenig (Band at Red's)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Wrong Brother.\r\n\r\nThe early signs were not good, tales of production problems galore and\r\nearly critical notices wading in to kick the film before it had even\r\nhad a run at the theatres. The Lone Ranger seemed destined to be a\r\nblockbuster stinker. Yet in spite of it noticeably alienating original\r\nLone Ranger purists, and some Western lovers as well, for a rollicking\r\naction fun packed time then Gore Verbinski's movie delivers in spades. \r\n\r\nIt's awash with the serial silliness of adventure films and TV shows of\r\nyore, pitching good guys against bad guys with buddy buddy shenanigans\r\npulsing away at the core. The stunts are outrageously enjoyable, the\r\nlandscape photography as beautiful as it is respectful in homage to\r\npast masters of the Western genre, while in Depp's Tonto there's a bona\r\nfide hero to root for just as much as he makes you laugh out loud. \r\n\r\nThis is an origin story, a tale of how John Reid (Armie Hammer) became\r\nThe Lone Ranger, and of course how the noble steed Silver and Indian\r\nside-kick Tonto became integral to his villain fighting ways. Tom\r\nWilkinson and William Fitchner file in for polar opposite villain\r\nduties, the former is the weasel business man trying to mould the West\r\nin is own image, the latter a repugnant psychopath with a penchant for\r\neating human hearts! Then Helena Bonham Carter wanders in from some\r\nGrindhouse movie for a couple of cameos that are resplendent with\r\nsexual energy. \r\n\r\nIt's all very wacky and wild, and rightly so, but this is not at the\r\nexpense of very good story telling. Some parts of the narrative could\r\nhave been trimmed, but as the bromance builds between our two heroes,\r\nand Silver gets up to all sorts of comedy horse escapades, there's nary\r\na dull moment here. Producer Jerry Bruckheimer and director Verbinski\r\nthrow all the action staples into the pot. Chases, fights, swinging\r\nfrom ropes, shoot-outs, people dangling from speeding train (pic is\r\nbookended by awesome train sequences), grisly deaths and on it goes\r\nfrom start to end. \r\n\r\nThere's caustic asides to the machinations of organisations of the\r\ntime, from railroad magnates to the cavalry, while the catchphrases and\r\nlegends of The Lone Ranger TV series are deftly inserted into the tale.\r\nIt was interesting to see Depp come out and defend the movie against\r\nthose damning early critic reviews, it's not something he does, being\r\nas he is very much a guy who sees acting as just a job. Bruckheimer,\r\nHammer and Verbinski backed Depp up, stating that some reviews were\r\nwritten before the film had even been released, the big budget and\r\nproduction problems clearly making this a big stinker\u2026 \r\n\r\nNot so, it's certainly not flawless, and those seriously into\r\nanachronisms are likely to have kittens. But if you haven't seen it\r\nyet, if you was put off by the venomous early reviews, then give it a\r\nchance, you may just be surprised at just how entertaining it is. It\r\nalso looks and sounds brilliant on Blu-ray, where repeat viewings even\r\nshow Hammer to be better than first thought as that masked man. 8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "If this film would not have been called Lone Ranger and would not have pretended to tell the story the Lone Ranger then I would probably have considered it to be an okay movie. Maybe even a good one. However, this was supposed to be a Lone Ranger movie and that it is not!\n\nI put this movie in the same category as the very disappointing Green Hornet movie. It is a typical case of some dumbass Hollywood producer/director taking a known name and thinks he can do what the heck he wants with it. The Lone Ranger is supposed to be the only survivor of a group of rangers, a hero as well as intelligent and so is Tonto. In this movie the Lone Ranger is a bloody lawyer, he is na\u00efve and generally a screw up. Tonto is, well, as looney as one could expect with Jonny Depp in the role.\n\nIt is really said when you feel the best characters in the movie are the bad guys. I think Butch Cavendish is quite nicely portrayed by William Fichtner. Okay, the movie have its fun moments, a few laughs, some nice special effects and is not really poorly done as such. Unfortunately a lot of the time I phrases like \u201cwhat and idiot\u201d, \u201cwhat the f\u2026\u201d, \u201cthis is not Lone Ranger\u201d and so on, went through my head while watching it.\n\nIf this is the first time you have heard about the Lone Ranger, or you do not really care if the movie has anything to do with the original Lone Ranger then you probably will find this an entertaining movie. I am afraid that I was hugely disappointed."}], "recommandations_id": [49524, 49529, 44896, 49849], "youtube_key": "LoVhgaj6PiE"}