{"tmdb_id": 5723, "title": "Once", "original_title": "Once", "slug_title": "once", "date": "2007-03-23", "genre": "Drame / Musique / Romance", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans les rues de Dublin, deux \u00e2mes seules se rencontrent autour de leur passion, la musique... Il sort d'une rupture douloureuse. Elle est mari\u00e9e \u00e0 un homme qu'elle n'aime plus. Dans un monde id\u00e9al, ils seraient fait l'un pour l'autre. Ensemble, ils vont accomplir leur r\u00eave de musique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vAq2DJiFE6NP5cvFUaPrDQ4aH8r.jpg", "actors": ["Glen Hansard (Guy)", "Mark\u00e9ta Irglov\u00e1 (Girl)", "Hugh Walsh (Timmy Drummer)", "Gerard Hendrick (Lead Guitarist)", "Alaistair Foley (Bassist)", "Geoff Minogue (Eamon)", "Bill Hodnett (Guy's Dad)", "Danuse Ktrestova (Girl's Mother)", "Darren Healy (Heroin Addict)", "Mal Whyte (Bill)", "Marcella Plunkett (Ex Girlfriend)", "Niall Cleary (Bob)", "Sean Miller (Bank Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lmao7", "content": "Not done with the 1st month of 2017 when I saw this but this is officially my first new fave movie to watch this year. It has been on my \u2018films to watch\u2019 list for like a while after watching **Sing Street** - another **John Carney** film. And i did like his other film **Begin Again **(love the song Lost Stars). All have similar themes\u2026not just music, but the process of making music. \r\n\r\n**I love the simplicity of Once** -  feels more raw and natural (than Sing Steet and Begin Again). And the songs are really beautiful. I have been listening to it everyday. My top 2 favorite scenes are: Falling Slowly (video above) at the music shop - instant connection through music! Doesn\u2019t have to be a love story between the guy and the girl, just relate and connect for their love for making music. Second one would be the recording studio scene: When Your Mind\u2019s Made Up. I love how the guy who\u2019s \u2018pressing the buttons\u2019 was like meh just here to work with whatever wannabee band, and then when they start to play he\u2019s like\u2026what is this? this is actually good - support! And from there it\u2019s just something magical for all of them, that you know these musicians are in their element and will remember it for the rest of their lives, doing something that they are all so passionate about. Everyone inside the studio - just very endearing characters.  \r\n\r\nWell I love the whole film so all the scenes are great. My favorite emotional song, Lies. It\u2019s so powerful and heartbreaking, I think most relateable scene as well. \r\n\r\nJust might replace Garden State as my background film to play when I am doing something else, just to hear it. A must see for musicians and just music lovers like me."}], "recommandations_id": [9675, 80, 2056, 401]}