{"tmdb_id": 572843, "title": "Gangbang Creampie: Ink'd Edition 2", "original_title": "Gangbang Creampie: Ink'd Edition 2", "slug_title": "gangbang-creampie-ink-d-edition-2", "date": "2019-01-25", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Welcome back to Gangbang Creampie friends. This week we have the very tall and very sexy Rocky Emerson with us. She's here for her very first GangBang. Unlike most our lovely ladies, Miss Emerson did NOT do her homework this week. We had to make sure she was schooled up on the three F's. Of course she know about getting fucked and filled, it was the feeding that was a surprise. It was a GOOD surprise though, because as you'll hear, she's absolutely kookoo for cum! She's in the right place and while we're waiting for the guys to show up we get to know her. She's 22, and her personality doesn't quite match all the black she's wearing, nor the tattoos. She's way more bubbly then she lets on, so don't let her fool you. She's actually quite experienced too, she's been in sex dungeons, real life gloryholes. A self described trash baby submissive. Hopefully all of this is setting the state for what's about to be a super fucking awesome GangBang.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zZGB5Bx4Tikn2tgKofqXyuuMCsl.jpg", "actors": ["Lily Lane ()", "Rocky Emerson ()", "Eddie Jaye ()", "Kyle Aziani ()", "Mike Mancini ()", "Mitt Aziani ()", "Nathan Bronson ()", "Randy Denmark ()", "Rey Castillo ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}