{"tmdb_id": 574092, "title": "Winter Woman Part II", "original_title": "Gyeowul yeoja je2bu", "slug_title": "winter-woman-part-ii", "date": "1983-03-19", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Li-hwa graduates college and becomes a reporter. On a rainy day, she remembers an old boyfriend, Suk-gi. She goes to Eroika to look for him. Instead, Li-hwa meets Suk-gi's friend, Su-hwan, and she falls in love with him. On the other hand, while on a story, Li-hwa meets Kwang-jun who is a night teacher. She is drawn to his sincere humanity. As time passes, Kwang-jun comes to know Li-hwa's feelings. Together, they help retarded children and offer guidance to prostitutes. Kwang-jun and Li-hwa have true love for each other but they part when Kwang-jun's non-permitted building is demolished. Hyun-wu ended up as a mental patient from the shock he received from his mother's scandalous behavior. He meets Li-hwa and receives her devoted care. Finally, Hyun-wu recovers completely and the two confirm their love. And the next day, Hyun-wu returns to society as a healthy man.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Park Seon-hui ()", "Kim Choo-ryeon ()", "Jo In-ha ()", "Kim Ae-kyung ()", "Jo In-seon ()", "Cho Ju-mi ()", "Sung Moung-sun ()", "Choi Yun-seok ()", "Lee Jong-man ()", "Jin Bong-jin ()", "Kim Gil-ho ()", "O Yeong-gap ()", "O He-chan ()", "Yoo Myeong-sun ()", "An Jin-su ()", "Lee Suk-Koo ()", "Choi Yeen-soo ()", "Kim Gi-jong ()", "Moon Tai-sun ()", "Cho Hak-ja ()", "Kim Ji-young ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}