{"tmdb_id": 574104, "title": "The Song of Crazy Love", "original_title": "Michin salang-ui nolae", "slug_title": "the-song-of-crazy-love", "date": "1990-06-23", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Yi-su, a 37 year-old professor, can't forget her first love Joon-ho who's missing in action in Vietnam. She meets Hyun-woo one day, who look surprising like Joon-ho. Hyun-woo investigates Yi-su who lives in the past and discovers that her pain stems from the Vietnam war. Hyun-woo can't help falling in love with her even though he's a student. On a trip to Busan, he confesses his love for her. But he soon realizes that the only man for her is Joon-ho. Min-cheol who fought along with Joon-ho sells his belongings to Yi-su at a high price. He tells her that Joon-ho died in a fire and they argue aggressively. Min-cheol commits suicide afterwards and Yi-su is also found dead in the campus pool.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Kim Gumija ()", "Park Jin-sung ()", "Park Chan Hwan ()", "Kim Seong-su ()", "Lee Eung-kyeong ()", "Lee Young-wuk ()", "Cho Ju-mi ()", "Kim Gi-jong ()", "Lee Hae-Ryong ()", "Yoon Il-ju ()", "Cho Hak-ja ()", "U Jong-wan ()", "An Jin-su ()", "Choi Min-kum ()", "Choi Yeen-soo ()", "You Il-moon ()", "Son Jun ()", "Park Shin-young ()", "Lee Suk-Koo ()", "Jeong Young-kuk ()", "Hong Chung-gil ()", "Chung Kyoo-young ()", "Kim Su-churn ()", "Jeon Shook ()", "Moon Mi-bong ()", "Sin Chan-il ()", "Choi Il ()", "Jang Chun-won ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}