{"tmdb_id": 575157, "title": "Sabre Dance", "original_title": "\u0422\u0430\u043d\u0435\u0446 \u0441 \u0441\u0430\u0431\u043b\u044f\u043c\u0438", "slug_title": "sabre-dance", "date": "", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The story of the creation of the famous masterpiece, \u201crebellious and noisy child\u201d by Aram Ilyich Khachaturian \u201cDance with swords\u201d. The cold autumn of 1942. The second year of the war. The city of Molotov - Perm, renamed before the war itself. The Leningrad Academic Opera and Ballet Theater named after Kirov was evacuated here. The world of the theater in evacuation - ghostly, hungry, cold. Life deep rear with all the signs of wartime. Half-starved ballerinas, corps de ballet, transforming on stage into wondrous \"pink girls\". Performances, performances in hospitals, defense factories and rehearsals, rehearsals. The final efforts to create the play \u201cGayane\u201d coincide with the writing of the first bars of the Symphony N2, often overlapping. Before the last rehearsal, Khachaturian unexpectedly receives an order from the Directorate - to create another dance for the final part of the already finished ballet.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g21DEw0y4sdOIKjL7bFqDjMNrZy.jpg", "actors": ["Ambartsum Kabanyan (Aram Khachaturyan)", "Alexander Kuznetsov (Pushkov)", "Sergey Yushkevich (Derzhavin)", "Veronika Kuznetsova (Sashenka)", "Inna Stepanova (Anisimova)", "Ivan Ryzhikov (Bragin)", "Vadim Skvirskiy (Shostakovich)", "Alexey Nazarov (Arkady)", "Arman Navasardyan (Georgy)", "Aleksandr Ilin (Oystrakh)", "Vruyr Harutyunyan (Karo)", "Artashes Shahverdyan (Saradzhev)", "Ruben Abraamyan (Yagubyan)", "Saten Ghazaryan (official)", "Zara Arakelyan (official)", "Ruben Pashinyan (Oganesyan)", "Katerina Matveeva (Katerina)", "Tigran Manasyan (Vazgen)", "Yury Vaksman (doorman)", "Petr Krugovikhin (dealer)", "Irina Naumkina (Irma)", "Sergey Genkin (captain)", "Olesya Shadrina (Pasha)", "Konstantin Silakov (kapellmeister)", "Sergey Ryadovkin (guard)", "Yuliya Znakomtseva (Kovaleva)", "Yana Gabrielyan (Sashenka's friend)", "Ruzanna Mesropyan (Aram's mother)", "Marjan Avetisyan (aunt)", "Alexandr Akobyan (Aram in childhood)", "Mariya Babajanyan (Gayane)", "Gor Vantsyan (brother)", "Elena Frolova (Fenechka)", "Lida Akobyan (watchman)", "Mesrop Tsagikyan (boy in shirt)", "Narine Rushanyan (accompanist)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}