{"tmdb_id": 575442, "title": "A Song for Mia", "original_title": "Song f\u00fcr Mia", "slug_title": "a-song-for-mia", "date": "2019-02-16", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "For the handsome Sebastian life goes by easily. During the day he works in a fashion shop, in the evening he flirts through the clubs of the city. Blessed with an extraordinary voice, all signs of a career for the young singer. Ironically, an accident rips him out of his carefree life: Suddenly Sebastian can not see anymore. Instead of the party girls, a young woman enters his life, for whom he had never had eyes: the inconspicuous nurse Mia (Paula Kalenberg). Through her, Sebastian begins to re-experience the world - and for the first time gets to know real feelings. Thanks to Mia he writes a song that really comes from the heart. Overnight, it makes him, the blind romantic, known on the Internet. When he regains his sight, he has to decide: Will he also return to his old life?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sShUt8BMSZ5QNkzSw97hENgWRVd.jpg", "actors": ["Paula Kalenberg (Mia)", "Jonathan Beck (Erik)", "Angela Roy (Annelie Jagow)", "Tim Oliver Schultz (Sebastian Jagow)", "Sophie von Kessel (Dr.Michels)", "Max von Thun (Jens Meinholdt)", "David Altman (Fashion photographer)", "Alexandra Fonsatti (Kristina)", "Daniel Friedrich (Gabriel Jagow)", "Maxi Schafroth (Pfleger Roman)", "Sophia Schober (Saskia)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}