{"tmdb_id": 575828, "title": "Serf", "original_title": "\u0425\u043e\u043b\u043e\u043f", "slug_title": "serf", "date": "2019-10-24", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Young major Grisha played in a beautiful life and decided that everything was permissible for him. He has done a lot of things, and now he faces a prison. To correct his son, a desperate oligarch-father goes to extreme measures. Together with his old friend, a psychologist, he comes up with a unique project: the atmosphere of the nineteenth century is being created on the basis of an abandoned village. Grisha gets into a custom-made accident and is allegedly transferred to the past. In fact, a sophisticated psychological experiment is being conducted on him - a spoiled major is turned into the usual servant Grishka, who lives in a stable in the territory of a manor\u2019s estate. He is surrounded by actors whose goal is to change his life and personality. Each of his movements is closely monitored by a team of psychologists using a variety of cameras. Grisha will have to re-learn how to communicate with people, appreciate simple pleasures, work, and also find true love.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Milo\u0161 Bikovi\u0107 (Grisha)", "Aleksandra Bortich ()", "Ivan Okhlobystin ()", "Aleksandr Samoylenko ()", "Mariya Mironova ()", "Aleksandr Oblasov ()", "Olga Dibtseva ()", "Vilen Babichev (whip executor)", "Kirill Nagiev (Alexey Barchuk)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}