{"tmdb_id": 57664, "title": "La Fureur des hommes", "original_title": "From Hell to Texas", "slug_title": "la-fureur-des-hommes", "date": "1958-06-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "A la recherche de son p\u00e8re, le candide Tod Lohman quitte l'Iowa pour le Far West. Il provoque accidentellement la mort de l'un des fils de Hunter Boyd, un riche propri\u00e9taire. Ce dernier lance \u00e0 sa poursuite ses autres fils, Otis et Tom, accompagn\u00e9s de quelques hommes. Tod fait sans vraiment le vouloir une nouvelle victime, Otis. Traqu\u00e9, le jeune homme s'enfonce \u00e0 pied dans le d\u00e9sert...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8kVJrMa2U2Wc80HrM4CUJl6EBBO.jpg", "actors": ["Don Murray (Tod Lohman)", "Diane Varsi (Juanita Bradley)", "Chill Wills (Amos Bradley)", "Dennis Hopper (Tom Boyd)", "Jay C. Flippen (Jake Leffertfinger)", "Margo (Mrs. Bradley)", "John Larch (Hal Carmody)", "Ken Scott (Otis Boyd)", "Rodolfo Acosta (Bayliss)", "Salvador Baguez (Cardito)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Trueblood)", "Jerry Oddo (Morgan)", "Jos\u00e9 Torvay (Miguel)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Hotel Clerk)", "R.G. Armstrong (Hunter Boyd)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fine Western.\r\n\r\nTod Lohman is mistakenly believed to have caused the death of a member of the feared Boyd family. He's an honest cowboy but is fully aware that tough guys shoot first and ask questions later. With this in mind he flees southwards in the hope of saving his skin. On his travels he meets and befriends Amos Bradley and his adopted daughter, Juanita, it's a meeting that holds the key to Tod's future.\r\n\r\nHenry Hathaway directs this one, and the first thing that sticks out is just how interesting his characters are, this is not just a throwaway Western, it has depth of feeling and lays out a story that isn't purely relying on action to entertain the viewers. That said, Hathaway doesn't skimp on the action scenes, an excellent beef stampede and an Indian pursuit, resplendent with horse jumping heroics, deliver promptly for the discerning action viewer. Based around the novel from Charles O. Locke called The Hell Bent Kid, this adaptation is adroitly telling the story of an honest and naive young man on the lam, it's the naivety of Lohman that gives the picture its emotional heart, all framed excellently by Hathaway in the Alabama Hills vista.\r\n\r\nThe cast are across the board solid, Don Murray, Chill Wills, Diane Varsi, R.G. Armstrong and a fresh faced Dennis Hopper all earn their respective pay cheques. It's understandably not up to the high standard of Hathaway's big hitters like True Grit and The Sons Of Katie Elder, it is however a picture that is definitely worth checking out if you are given the opportunity. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [65777, 44087, 5901, 152266], "youtube_key": "jMC3gaMYBsE"}