{"tmdb_id": 576, "title": "La Horde sauvage", "original_title": "The Wild Bunch", "slug_title": "la-horde-sauvage", "date": "1969-06-17", "genre": "Aventure / Western", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "En 1914, Pike Bishop et sa bande entrent dans San Rafael, une petite ville du Texas, d\u00e9guis\u00e9s en cavaliers de l'US Cavalry. Ensemble, ils se dirigent vers la gare pour y d\u00e9rober la paie des employ\u00e9s du chemin de fer. Ils ignorent que Thornton, autrefois leur complice, aujourd'hui leur pire ennemi, les y attend, charg\u00e9 par la direction des chemins de fer de leur tendre une embuscade. L'affaire tourne au cauchemar. Des dizaines d'innocents y laissent la vie. Pike n'est pas satisfait. Il n'a vol\u00e9 que des morceaux de ferraille. Il accepte l'offre d'un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral mexicain, Mapache, qui lui demande d'attaquer un train rempli d'or et de munitions...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xltb9ay1OYGproe2DMO6AiI1YSA.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Pike Bishop)", "Ernest Borgnine (Dutch Engstrom)", "Robert Ryan (Deke Thornton)", "Edmond O'Brien (Freddie Sykes)", "Warren Oates (Lyle Gorch)", "Jaime S\u00e1nchez (Angel)", "Ben Johnson (Tector Gorch)", "Emilio Fern\u00e1ndez (Gen. Mapache)", "Strother Martin (Coffer)", "L.Q. Jones (T.C)", "Albert Dekker (Pat Harrigan)", "Bo Hopkins (Clarence 'Crazy' Lee)", "Dub Taylor (Reverend Wainscoat)", "Paul Harper (Ross)", "Jorge Russek (Major Zamorra)", "Alfonso Ar\u00e1u (Herrera)", "Bill Hart (Jess)", "Rayford Barnes (Buck)", "Stephen Ferry (McHale)", "Sonia Amelio (Teresa)", "Chalo Gonz\u00e1lez (Gonzalez)", "Chano Urueta (Don Jose)", "Elsa C\u00e1rdenas (Elsa)", "Aurora Clavel (Aurora)", "Enrique Lucero (Ignacio)", "Elizabeth Dupeyr\u00f3n (Rocio)", "Jos\u00e9 Ch\u00e1vez (Juan Jose)", "Ren\u00e9 Dupeyr\u00f3n (Juan)", "Pedro Galv\u00e1n (Benson)", "Graciela Doring (Emma)", "Fernando Wagner (Mohr)", "Ivan J. Rado (Ernst)", "Margarito Luna (Luna)", "Lilia Castillo (Lilia)", "Archie Butler (Jabalai (uncredited))", "Tap Canutt (Burt (uncredited))", "Gordon T. Dawson (Pinkerton Man (uncredited))", "Mickey Gilbert (Frank (uncredited))", "Robert 'Buzz' Henry (Bounty Hunter (uncredited))", "Buck Holland (Thornton Posse Rider (uncredited))", "Walt La Rue (Abe (uncredited))", "Matthew Peckinpah (Boy Watching Robber Scoop Up Moneybag (uncredited))", "Jack Williams (Phil (uncredited))", "Joe Yrigoyen (Simkins (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Brutal and elegiac masterpiece.\r\n\r\nOutlaws led by Pike Bishop on the Mexican-U.S. frontier face not only the passing of time, but bounty hunters {led by a former partner of Pike, Deke Thornton} and the Mexican army as well.\r\n\r\nIn 1969 Sam Peckinpah picked up the torch that Arthur Penn lit with 1967's Bonnie & Clyde, and literally poured gasoline on it to impact on cinema to the point that the shock wave is still being felt today. The death of the Motion Picture Production Code in 1967 ushered in a new era for cinema goers, it was a time for brave and intelligent directors to step up to the plate to deliver stark and emotive thunder, and with The Wild Bunch, director Sam Peckinpah achieved this by the shed load.\r\n\r\nThe Wild Bunch doesn't set out to be liked, it is a harsh eye opening perception of the Western genre, this is the other side of the coin to the millions of Westerns that whoop and holler as the hero gets the girl and rides off into the sunset. The Wild Bunch thematically is harshly sad for the protagonists, these are men out of their time, this is a despicable group of men, driven by greed and cynicism, they think of nothing to selling arms to a vile amoral army across the border.\r\n\r\nThe film opens with a glorious credit sequence as we witness the Bunch riding into town, the picture freeze frames in black & white for each credit offering, from here on in we know that we are to witness something different, and yes, something very special. The film is book-ended by carnage, and sandwiched in the middle is an equally brilliant train robbery, yet the impact of these sequences is only enhanced because the quality of the writing is so good (Walon Green and Roy N. Sickner alongside Peckinpah). There's no pointless discussions or scene filling explanations of the obvious. Each passage, in each segment, is thought thru to gain credibility for the shattering and bloody climax. There is of course one massive and intriguing question that hangs over the film; how did Peckinpah make such low moral men appear as heroes? Well I'm not here to tell you that because you need to witness the film in its entirety for yourself. But it's merely one cheeky point of note in a truly majestic piece of work. A film that even today stands up as one of the greatest American films ever made. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [3090, 11697, 3114, 301]}