{"tmdb_id": 57812, "title": "51", "original_title": "51", "slug_title": "51", "date": "2011-02-26", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Horreur", "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "Des pressions de l'opinion publique am\u00e9ricaine obligent le gouvernement \u00e0 fournir \u00e0 quelques journalistes des informations sur la fameuse et myst\u00e9rieuse zone 51. Ceux-ci pourront \u00e9galement avoir un acc\u00e8s limit\u00e9 sur place. Mais leur visite va r\u00e9veiller un r\u00e9sident de longue date de la zone, et les plonger dans la terreur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/45AkQX8gfEavYtZVPfsQXJHsXmd.jpg", "actors": ["Rachel Miner (Sgt. Hannah)", "Jason London (Aaron 'Shoes' Schumacher)", "Bruce Boxleitner (Col. Martin)", "Vanessa Branch (Claire)", "Tammi Arender ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rocketeer Raccoon", "content": "What on planet Earth did I just watch?! I feel like a fool now watching the full entirety of this film, it's just stupid as hell. The acting was dreadful and the story just made no sense at all. A few News people are publicly allowed into the secretive Area 51 for the first time and then all a sudden without proper control from the military some aliens break out loose on a killing spree. One of the aliens has the ability to mimic people and how that one escaped is probably the stupidest thing to happen in the movie as it fools people in thinking they are the real person and the soldiers keep shooting at the wrong thing, accidentally killing the real person. The other aliens they just didn't show or explained how they got out, and they usually kill people using a tail which is obviously ripping off from Alien. Oh and there's a friendly telekinetic alien that talks like a computer...\r\n\r\nWhat?!!! This film is garbage, it's like the movie was made by aliens from the planet Stupid. Avoid this movie at all costs!"}], "recommandations_id": [49877, 293093, 15426, 114003]}