{"tmdb_id": 57873, "title": "The Girl Most Likely to...", "original_title": "The Girl Most Likely to...", "slug_title": "the-girl-most-likely-to", "date": "1973-01-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gLeLDUAsQKsJQnxxufbIIWjEMw8.jpg", "actors": ["Stockard Channing (Miriam Knight)", "Ed Asner (Det. Ralph Varone)", "Jim Backus (Prof. David Tilson)", "Joe Flynn (Dr. Green)", "Chuck McCann (Coach)", "Carl Ballantine (Dr. Hankin)", "Reb Brown (Football player)", "Dennis Dugan (Charlie Elliott)", "Larry Wilcox ()", "Fred Grandy ()", "Ruth McDevitt ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Stockard Channing morphs from ugly duckling to beautiful swan\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 1973 and directed by Lee Philips, \u201cThe Girl Most Likely to...\u201d is a dark dramedy about the sad life of a homely, chubby girl at a Southern Cal university who is ignored and mistreated (Stockard Channing). After an accident and plastic surgery, she can\u2019t keep the men away and decides to get revenge on those who abused her. Ed Asner plays the investigative cop. Jim Backus (Gilligan\u2019s Island) and Larry Wilcox (ChiPs) are also on hand.\r\n\r\nThis was Channing\u2019s first credited role and she\u2019s quite good as the protagonist, both confident and amusing.  She put cotton balls in her mouth to make her cheeks look chubby in her ugly duckling scenes during the first half. Her transformation is pretty amazing as she cleaned up to a hottie in a unique way. The tagline was \u201cThey treated her like a dog. Now, she's a fox. And she's going to make them pay.\u201d\r\n\r\nWhile this is a black comedy/farce, it deals with a real-life issue that millions of women can relate to: The more attractive you are the better you\u2019re treated and the more opportunities you have; and vice versa. But what about the person WITHIN? Good or bad looks/figure must be separated from the beauty within; or the ugliness within.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 13 minutes and was shot in Century City, Los Angeles. WRITER: Joan Rivers with Agnes Gallin.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [107934, 399786, 130002, 15669]}