{"tmdb_id": 578809, "title": "A Beggar's Daughter", "original_title": "\u91d1\u7389\u5974", "slug_title": "a-beggar-s-daughter", "date": "1965-01-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "This is an adaptation of the folk story, \u201cJin Yu Nu beats her heartless groom with a cane\u201d. Jin Yu Nu, a beggar\u2019s daughter, is a beautiful and kind girl. On a snowy day she saves the life of a poor scholar, Mo Ji. When Mo recovers, he marries Jin with love and gratitude. Mo wins the third place in the imperial examinations, but now he is looked down upon because his wife is a beggar's daughter. Extremely embarrassed and ashamed, Mo wants to divorce but has no excuse. Jin then jumps into the river and Mo has deep regrets but it is too late. Later, Mo\u2019s senior Ambassador Lin appreciates his talents and wants to marry him his daughter. On the wedding night, the bride orders Mo to kneel in her room and beats him hard with a cane. Not until then does Mo know his bride is actually Jin, who has been saved by Lin. At the end, Lin knows Jin still loves Mo and helps the couple reunite.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7zpCxBqsdTmxYxfz7b9eoQ6joxz.jpg", "actors": ["Betty Loh Tih (Jin Yu-Nu)", "Chao Lei (Mo Ji)", "Wu Chia-Hsiang (Jin Song)", "Chiang Nan (Tang Sanduo)", "Wong Sam (Zhen Yi-Chen)", "Lin Lin Li ()", "Yi Fung (Gao Sheng)", "Liu Kei (Lin Xun-An)", "Tam Ying ()", "Cheung Sek-Aau ()", "Yam Ho ()", "Cheung Hei ()", "Erh Chun ()", "Chin Chun ()", "Su Hsiang ()", "Gam Tin-Chue ()", "Ma Hsiao-Nung ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}