{"tmdb_id": 57984, "title": "Visit", "original_title": "Dalaw", "slug_title": "visit", "date": "2010-12-25", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "For the sake of her son, Paolo, Stella is re-married to another man, Anton, in the hopes of a having a whole and peaceful family life. However, after the wedding, she experiences major haunting that endangers her life and the people around her. All the clues are pointing to her dead husband. Feeling guilty of her ex-husband\u2019s death, Stella tries to save her family from the ghost\u2019s wrath. Along the way, secrets start to unravel and Stella is now unsure of who is haunting her and why she is being haunted.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t9BE3CmKCB6wBqEY92Wk07p1AjR.jpg", "actors": ["Kris Aquino (Stella)", "Diether Ocampo (Anton)", "Gina Pare\u00f1o (Olga)", "Karylle (Lorna)", "Maliksi Morales (Paolo)", "Susan Africa (Milagros)", "Alessandra de Rossi (Trina)", "Empress Schuck (Marietta)", "Precious Lara Quigaman (Agnes)", "Ina Feleo (Kylie)", "Dick Israel (Priest)", "Lui Villaruz (Johnny)", "Bernard Palanca (Dexter)", "Richard Quan (Danilo)", "J.M. Briones (Marvin)", "Gigi Columna (Doray)", "Guji Lorenzana (Anton's Friend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "Dalaw. One word. Funny. This is supposed to be a scary movie. I guess there were times wherein it's \"nakakagulat\" but it's okay. Typical. Kris Aquino's acting was so bad that it was actually funny."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}