{"tmdb_id": 57985, "title": "Whisper", "original_title": "Bulong", "slug_title": "whisper", "date": "2011-02-02", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Horreur", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1VZpq9fbiU6qIubusGJ9Uww0zM.jpg", "actors": ["Vhong Navarro (Conan)", "Angelica Panganiban (Oprah)", "Bangs Garcia (Ellen)", "Ruben Gonzaga (Simon)", "Angie Ferro (Lola Paula / Lola Paulina)", "Carme Sanchez (Madam Kara)", "Teddy Corpuz (Donald)", "Sylvia Sanchez (Lili)", "Neri Naig (Lala)", "Dante Balois (Lolo)", "Eda Nolan (Fatima)", "Mosang (Fatima's Mother)", "Carl John Barrameda (Fatima's Brother)", "Joy Viado (Tita Tyra)", "Mel Kimura (Fake Kumadrona)", "Jon Avila (Dr. Randy)", "Gian Terry (Floyd Mayweather)", "Manuel Aquino (Inn Owner)", "Soliman Cruz  (Chief of Police)", "Lara Morena (Hospital Administrator)", "Ian Galliguez (E.R. Doctor)", "Hiyasmin Neri (Niece of the dead gay)", "Dimples Romana (Chelsey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "Stayed home the entire day (which was lovely because I've been wanting to do this), eventually, we got bored and decided to watch a movie. Nothing new interesting to watch so we decided to watch Bulong.\r\n\r\nIt was not a bad choice. I was entertained the entire time. The story was nice, comedy and horror together. It wasn't corny like Dalaw. I was even surprised to be shocked in one scene. Of course the funny scenes were pretty alright. Typical Filipino funny. But then there were some scenes where I laughed a little. It was like a LOL rather than a LMAO. I liked Angelica's clothes. :)"}], "recommandations_id": []}