{"tmdb_id": 58026, "title": "Rosario", "original_title": "Rosario", "slug_title": "rosario", "date": "2010-12-02", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eomac5Gd3MZzBIGtgE9fVBEAB18.jpg", "actors": ["Jennylyn Mercado (Rosario)", "Yul Servo (Vicente)", "Dolphy (Hesus)", "Dennis Trillo (Alberto)", "Isabel Oli (Carmen)", "Eula Valdez (Do\u00f1a Adela)", "Empress Schuck (Soledad)", "Sid Lucero (Carding)", "Ricky Davao (Miguel)", "Phillip Salvador (Don Enrique)", "Rita Avila (Ama Bebang)", "Lester Llansang (Anton)", "Jaime Fabregas (Don Enrique's Friend)", "Tonton Gutierrez (Don Enrique's Friend)", "Precious Lara Quigaman (Carnival Queen)", "Ronaldo Valdez (Fiscal)", "Ara Mina (Doctor)", "Albert Martinez (Ship Captain)", "Chinggoy Alonzo (Aksesorya Tenant 1)", "Bing Loyzaga (Aksesorya Tenant 2)", "Chanda Romero (Aksesorya Tenant 3)", "Dino Guevarra (Recital Host)", "Jerould Aceron (Young Jesus)", "Elijah Alejo (Trinidad)", "Owie Boy Gapuz (Bernardo)", "Liza Lorena (Pilar)", "Manuel V. Pangilinan (Himself)", "Joy Ortega (MVP's Secretary)", "Desiree del Valle (Torch Singer)", "Dino Imperial (Rosario's Admirer)", "Lloyd Samartino (Don Enrique's Friend)", "Miki Hahn (Carnival Queen)", "Jaime Rivera (Zarzuela Singer)", "Gaby Dela Merced (Rosario's Friend)", "Liezel Martinez (Mother Superior)", "Bong Sta. Maria (Vicente's Superior)", "Bert Martinez (Judge)", "Lito Pimentel (Court Clerk)", "Ron Morales (Juaning)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "So it's MMFF time. No choice but to watch Tagalog movies. Out of all the MMFF entries, this movie, I think is the most worth watching one.\r\n\r\nThe quality of the film is nice. It looked like money was really spent to make this movie. The acting of the actors were okay. I think Dolphy did deserve winning the Best Supporting Actor award. His scene in the end made me cry.\r\n\r\nWhat I didn't like in this movie was the make-up. The clothes were great. It was realistic and all but the make-up....I don't even know where to start. And because the make-up was sooo bad, it affected on how I feel for this movie."}], "recommandations_id": []}