{"tmdb_id": 58042, "title": "In Your Eyes", "original_title": "In Your Eyes", "slug_title": "in-your-eyes", "date": "2010-08-18", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Ciara (Claudine Barretto) is a senior physical therapist who works for a rehabilitation center in the United States. She has devoted her entire life to her younger sister Julia (Anne Curtis) who was left in her care after the untimely demise of their parents. After 8 years of separation, Ciara and Julia reunite when the latter acquires her student visa. Storm (Richard Gutierrez), Julia's boyfriend who earns a living as a freelance photographer, joins Julia despite the lack of a definite plan. In a desperate move for Storm to gain immigrant status, Julia asks Storm to enter into an arranged marriage with Ciara, who is already an American citizen. As Storm struggles to find his place in a foreign land, Julia works hard to chase after her own dream of finishing school, causing the two of them to drift apart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vyAnNiSoIE5dBiYf2z7AE3KvLn2.jpg", "actors": ["Claudine Barretto (Ciara)", "Richard Gutierrez (Storm)", "Anne Curtis (Julia)", "Joel Torre ()", "Joel Torre (Dr. Samuel Olfindo)", "Maricar De Mesa (Lisa)", "Leandro Mu\u00f1oz (Dennis)", "Raymond Lauchengco (Ciara's and Julia's Dad)", "Rey PJ Abellana (Storm's Dad)", "C.J. Javarata (Chelsea)", "Irene Celebre (Dina)", "Frances Ignacio (Susie)", "Gio Alvarez (Storm's Co-worker)", "J.C. Parker (Ciara's Friend)", "I.C. Mendoza (Ciara's Friend)", "Lloyd Allen (Ciara's Friend)", "Anna Vicente (12 yr. old Ciara)", "Sophia Baars (7 yr. old Ciara (as Sofia Baar))", "Sara Polverini (Sexy Girl (as Sarah Polverini))", "Alexis Navarro (Model)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "The movie was alright. The story was nice. But then it could've been presented better. Anne Curtis was amazing. I can't help but notice how her acting was so much better that Claudine's. And that says a lot knowing that Claudine is an A-list actress here. I was disappointed with her acting. Tears couldn't even go down from her eyes. Richard was the same just like all of his other movies. I think, with a better actor, the movie could've made more sense. Richard's love for Anne was not that deep enough to cause a major drama like this one. It was like all about lust for him. You couldn't feel the love. And the editing was bad and even the lines were very corny. \r\n\r\n\r\n\"I think I'll like it here in America after all.\" I mean who says that?????\r\n\r\n\r\nMy rate for this movie is C."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "uBDNhoeoMgM"}