{"tmdb_id": 58054, "title": "Here Comes the Bride", "original_title": "Here Comes the Bride", "slug_title": "here-comes-the-bride", "date": "2010-05-12", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9BHafm0SqJrhlmdldwNCWzc7S4M.jpg", "actors": ["Angelica Panganiban (Stephanie)", "Eugene Domingo (Precy)", "John Lapus (Toffee)", "Tuesday Vargas (Medelyn)", "Jaime Fabregas (Bien)", "Tom Rodriguez (Harold)", "Cherry Pie Picache (Doris)", "Kim Atienza (Himself)", "Ayen Munji-Laurel (Inyaki's Mom)", "Cai Cortez (Mariz)", "Timothy Chan (Inyaki)", "Nico Antonio (Ding)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "Seeing this movie twice must say something about it. I liked this movie. It's funny and clever. The story is unique. Not another typical tagalog movie. The actors/actresses were really great.\r\n\r\n\r\nAngelica Panganiban amazes us again with her acting skills. We all know she's a good actress starting at an early age playing Becky in Princess Sara. In drama, she's good. And she's proved herself once again acting different roles in the TV comedy show, Banana Split and is famous for her Kris Aquino imitation. And here she is again proving once more to us that she's a really versatile actress. Watching this movie, you can't help but comment on her good looks, sexy body and her acting skills. Eugine Domingo is again a favorite. Although her acting is almost the same as the one in Kimy Dora, she still has this factor that makes us laugh and sometimes scream a little in this movie. Tuesday Vargas is just like Eugine acting roles that are fun to watch. She's funny and smart at the same time. John Lapus plays a different character this time. Instead of his usual gay roles, he also had to play a straight man. Seeing him as a straight man in gross and funny at the same time yet you can't help but give kudos to him in playing t his character. Jaime Fabregas is a veteran actor. We know he's a good actor. But I admire him most in this movie for being able to play the characters so well. Instead of the usual drama, he was able to catch up to all the younger actors/actresses in this movie. He's a funny man and it's amazing how out of all the actors he's the one who was able to capture his character the most even by just looking at his eyes."}], "recommandations_id": []}