{"tmdb_id": 58151, "title": "Fright Night", "original_title": "Fright Night", "slug_title": "fright-night", "date": "2011-08-18", "genre": ["Horreur / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Charlie Brewster est au top : \u00e9l\u00e8ve de terminale parmi les plus populaires, il sort en plus avec la plus jolie fille du lyc\u00e9e. Il est tellement cool qu\u2019il m\u00e9prise m\u00eame son meilleur pote, Ed. Mais les probl\u00e8mes vont arriver avec son nouveau voisin, Jerry. Sous les dehors d\u2019un homme charmant, il y a chez lui quelque chose qui cloche. \u00c0 part Charlie, personne ne s\u2019en rend compte, et surtout pas sa m\u00e8re. Apr\u00e8s l\u2019avoir observ\u00e9, Charlie en vient \u00e0 l\u2019in\u00e9vitable conclusion que son voisin est un vampire qui s\u2019attaque \u00e0 leur quartier\u2026 Bien s\u00fbr, personne ne croit le jeune homme, qui se retrouve seul pour d\u00e9couvrir d\u2019urgence un moyen de se d\u00e9barrasser du monstre\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ySQ3v4Fzpy3fePs86eoLiDzwLYM.jpg", "actors": ["Anton Yelchin (Charley Brewster)", "Imogen Poots (Amy Petersen)", "Colin Farrell (Jerry Dandrige)", "Toni Collette (Jane Brewster)", "David Tennant (Peter Vincent)", "Christopher Mintz-Plasse (Ed Thompson)", "Emily Montague (Doris)", "Dave Franco (Mark)", "Will Denton (Adam)", "Chris Sarandon (Jay Dee)", "Sandra Vergara (Ginger)", "Paula Francis (Newscaster #1)", "Lisa Loeb (Victoria)", "Grace Phipps (Bee)", "Charlie B. Brown (Doctor)", "Mary Elizabeth Pohl (Club Girl (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Quite a decent teen horror movie. Maybe it lacks some jokes and the story, as always, is quite stereotypical, but the formula works well.\r\n\r\nYelchin, Farrel, Tennant and Poots make a good team."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to admit that I have not seen the original but from this version of Fright Night I must say that I do not understand all the fuss and why it has become somewhat of a cult classic. I give 6 stars out of 10 and that is quite frankly just barely. If someone had told me that this was a high-budget TV-movie I would not have been very surprised. Maybe it felt more fresh in 1985 when the original came out.\n\nThe first part of the movie is actually a bit boring. However, after the vampire finally reveals himself so that Charlie\u2019s girlfriend and mother starts to believe him things starts to pick up pace a bit. Unfortunately a lot of the movie is still somewhat mediocre. There are the usual frustrating moments, which Hollywood seems to believe must be in every movie, where Charlie just stupidly stands and stares wasting time, drops his weapon etc. etc.\n\nThe special effects are okayish but never great. The \u201cvampire hunter\u201d Peter Vincent is just a jerk most of the time until the very end when he shapes up a bit.\n\nIt is a decent enough evening diversion but as I wrote, as far as I am concerned, it gets an \u201cokay\u201d but just barely."}], "recommandations_id": [19901, 38321, 29427, 4513], "youtube_key": "txgGhyjPZGg"}