{"tmdb_id": 58232, "title": "Chalet Girl", "original_title": "Chalet Girl", "slug_title": "chalet-girl", "date": "2011-02-02", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Ancienne championne de skateboard, Kim travaille d\u00e9sormais comme h\u00f4tesse d\u2019accueil dans un chalet et tombe sous le charme du fils de son patron. Malheureusement fianc\u00e9 \u00e0 une autre, la jeune femme s'inscrit \u00e0 la prochaine comp\u00e9tition de snowboard, esp\u00e9rant impressionner l'\u00e9lu de son c\u0153ur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/64AQrBEKJVSIRaocOCtkMqExToz.jpg", "actors": ["Felicity Jones (Kim Matthews)", "Ed Westwick (Jonny Madsen)", "Brooke Shields (Caroline Madsen)", "Bill Nighy (Richard Madsen)", "Tamsin Egerton (Georgie)", "Bill Bailey (Bill Matthews)", "Sophia Bush (Chloe)", "Tom Goodman-Hill (Les)", "Nicholas Braun (Nigel)", "Georgia King (Jules)", "Gregor Blo\u00e9b (Bernhard)", "Adam Bousdoukos (Willy)", "Ken Duken (Mikki)", "Jo Martin (Lexi)", "Rebecca Lacey (Thea)", "Chandra Ruegg (Trace)", "Alex MacQueen (Malcolm)", "Mike Goodenough (Lawrence)", "Steve Furst (Charles)", "Graham Lee (Lord Marberry)", "Tara Dakides (Herself)", "Abbie Dunn (Amy)", "Patrick Finger (Race Guy)", "Angela Curran (Interviewer 1)", "Jessica Hynes (Interviewer 2)", "Christian Stevenson (Competition Comp\u00e8re)", "Jasmin Wilson (TV Presenter)", "Miquita Oliver (Herself - T4 Presenter)", "Rick Edwards (Himself - T4 Presenter)", "Beukes Willemse (Livingston Guitarist)", "Sandra von Ruffin (Starter)", "Nora Rieser (Gudrun, Burger Girl)", "Amber Atherton (Posh Girl)", "Georgie Marsh (Posh Girl)", "Hattie Hendrick (Posh Girl)", "Daisy Carpenter (Posh Girl)", "Millie Maidens (Posh Girl)", "Helen Duckhouse (Posh Girl)", "Alexandra Carlson (Posh Girl)", "Kaye Allen (Posh Girl (as Kaye Affrescoe))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Hoping for a better job and pay, instead she discovered herself.**\r\n\r\nI think it was a much better film. I just wanted a good entertainment and I got that. Though the story is not fresh enough. In fact, it is comparable to the recent sports-biopic, I mean that came much later to this, 'Eddie the Eagle'. Looks even the filmed location was same. Quite similar theme when it comes to the sporting events, but there's a wide gap on how it was played and by whom.\r\n\r\nFrom the director of 'All about Steve'. Firstly, it was a sport film and then romance attached to it in the required opening slot. So pretty inspiring to focus on something in our life to reach the heights. There's no shortcuts, it's always a hard work. In the film, that concept was funnily told. Encountering a new world, and discovering new things. It includes friendship, love and dedication in what one believes in.\r\n\r\nGreat cast, except the love interest of Felicity Jones. He wasn't bad, but the chemistry did not work, even in the short span of their romance in the tale. Anyway, the romance parts were too clich\u00e9, but neglectable as it has little value. Because there are other reasons to like the film. The stunts are not extraordinary, just simple and realistic. The film will work for most of the people if they're not expecting too much. This is not some chick flick, a better film than that.\r\n\r\n_6.5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [13477, 13476, 74018, 39285]}