{"tmdb_id": 58419, "title": "2020 Texas Gladiators", "original_title": "Anno 2020 - I gladiatori del futuro", "slug_title": "2020-texas-gladiators", "date": "1983-01-01", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "Sabrina, fille d'un savant qui a d\u00e9couvert une arme redoutable, est poursuivie par de sinistres personnages conduits par \"One Eye\". Ian, Harrison, Bons et Penny tentent de sauver la jeune fille. Apr\u00e8s une violente bagarre, le groupe de gangsters s'enfuit en capturant Sabrina. La chasse \u00e0 l'homme (enfin, \u00e0 la femme) qui s'ensuit se termine au poste de police o\u00f9 Harrison relate toute l'affaire, mais le sh\u00e9rif est de m\u00e8che avec \"One Eye\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/HSmbkvvLnJQ6TrATZD37toNrk7.jpg", "actors": ["Al Cliver (Nisus)", "Harrison Muller Jr. (Jab)", "Daniel Stephen (Catch Dog)", "Peter Hooten (Halakron)", "Haruhiko Yamanouchi (Red Wolfe)", "Sabrina Siani (Maida)", "Isabella Rocchietta (Kezia)", "Geretta Geretta ()", "Donald O'Brien (Black One)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tgs333", "content": "After an \"atomic war\" was shattered civilization, rouge gangs of bikers, green mutants and one brown UPS Delivery truck full of neo Nazis aim to take over the world... well not exactly the world, just the state of Texas.  This movie is simply unimaginable! How any of the actors kept a straight face during filming is beyond me! The plot, if there is one, is void of anything - other than the countless rape scenes (that left me sick to my stomach), a lot of cheesy gun battles and the \"black one's\" sinister laugh. Even more funny is how the lowly Texians are trapped in their makeshift fort fending off a highly trained army...kind of reminded me of the Alamo Battle! And don't forget the brilliant portrayal of the American Indian, priceless ...or maybe not.\r\n\r\nWhat is even more ironic about this movie is how violent it is! When I was 13 years old - I rented this movie! Yes - I walked into a video store and rented the movie with no questions asked! \r\n\r\nI rate this movie a 5 out of 10 ...only because the UPS Delivery like truck full of neo Nazis and the \"black one's\" sinister laugh will have you laughing your butt off until doomsday does us all in!"}], "recommandations_id": [87246, 134719, 160405, 5735]}