{"tmdb_id": 58455, "title": "Dakota", "original_title": "Dakota", "slug_title": "dakota", "date": "1945-12-25", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1871, sur le territoire du Dakota, le joueur professionnel John Devlin rencontre 'Sandy', fille de Marko Poli, magnat du chemin de fer. Les deux jeunes gens se marient et s'enfuient, poursuivis par le p\u00e8re. Lors de leur p\u00e9riple, ils remontent une rivi\u00e8re vers le nord \u00e0 bord du River Bird, command\u00e9 par le capitaine Bounce, et sont confront\u00e9s au gang de Jim Bender et de son second 'Bigtree' Collins...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vlnAYK7Z0PLe4TYcZusFmDKAbXG.jpg", "actors": ["John Wayne (John Devlin)", "Vera Ralston (Sandy Poli (Devlin))", "Walter Brennan (Capt. Bounce of the Riverbird)", "Ward Bond (Jim Bender)", "Ona Munson ('Jersey' Thomas)", "Hugo Haas (Marko Poli)", "Mike Mazurki ('Bigtree' Collins)", "Olive Blakeney (Mrs. Stowe)", "Paul Fix (Carp)", "Grant Withers (Slagin)", "Robert Livingston (Lieutenant)", "Olin Howland (Devlin's Driver (as Olin Howlin))", "Pierre Watkin (Wexton Geary)", "Robert Barrat (Anson Stowe (as Robert H. Barrat))", "Jonathan Hale (Col. Wordin)", "Robert Blake (Little Boy (as Bobby Blake))", "Paul Hurst (Captain Spotts)", "Eddy Waller (Stagecoach Driver)", "Sarah Padden (Mrs. Plummer)", "Jack La Rue (Suade)", "George Cleveland (Mr. Plummer)", "Selmer Jackson (Dr. Judson)", "Claire Du Brey (Wahtonka)", "Roy Barcroft (Poli's Driver)", "Kenne Duncan (Henchman (uncredited))", "Fred Graham (Bouncer (uncredited))", "Lorna Gray (Entertainer (uncredited))", "William Haade (Roughneck in Saloon (uncredited))", "Linda Stirling (Entertainer (uncredited))", "Nick Stewart (Nicodemus (as Nicodemus Stewart))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was one of those B-movie Westerns John Wayne had to pay his dues, and learn his craft in, on his way to superstardom and becoming a household name. His acting chops, while coming along and becoming more multidimensional, are still developing, and he gets by more or less on his charisma and big smile. Joseph Kane provides decent, pedestrian direction--all of the exciting scenes are directed by Wayne's longtime associate, Yakima Canutt (the one who would later direct the outstanding chariot race in 'Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ'), and Vera Ralston is great as the loving wife who just seems to do the wrong thing at the worst possible time.\r\n\r\nWard Bond and Mike Mazurki are excellent as the bad guys, and Walter Brennan (as the most bipolar ship captain one will EVER find in cinema) and Nick Stewart (as his harped-on assistant) steal every scene they're in. Ona Munson even throws in an entertaining song-and-dance number, and provides an interesting love possibility for Wayne, if he wasn't such a one-woman guy.\r\n\r\nThis was released on Christmas Day in the States, and it's no lump of coal in one's stocking, but a small, likeable gift for fans of the genre. Worth a watch if you like Westerns, and a purchase and rewatch for Wayne enthusiasts."}], "recommandations_id": [101591, 40716, 72163, 73690], "youtube_key": "FMfQN7Ru1wA"}