{"tmdb_id": 584827, "title": "Unrelenting", "original_title": "\u041d\u0435\u043f\u0440\u0438\u043c\u0438\u0440\u0438\u043c\u0438\u0442\u0435", "slug_title": "unrelenting", "date": "1964-04-27", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The action takes place at the end of WWII. It is 1944 on the Yugoslav front, where the Bulgarian Army is fighting bloody battles against the retreating Nazi units. Several lorries loaded with Bulgarian soldiers make a detour so as to deliver ammunitions to an army unit. They are people with different convictions sharing a common goal - to come out victorious and to return to their peaceful everyday life. Among them are people who believe in the triumph of the new system and for whom the difficult crusade is a confirmation of their ideals. They are also uncertain people. For the youngest this is the first trial in life. A young Yugoslav woman helps them find the road through the dangerous front line. Her romance with the one of Bulgarian soldiers symbolizes solidarity in the struggle against the common enemy. After a series of difficulties and mishaps, the soldiers manage to deliver the ammunitions to their comrades.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vcmbZRs8GL0qClm6V9VrEs6ahJB.jpg", "actors": ["Ivan Raev (Stoev)", "Du\u0161ica \u017degarac ()", "Sava Hashamov (Bozhidar)", "Banko Bankov (Podporuchik Krumov)", "Stefan Getsov (Samotniya)", "Yordan Matev (Manivelata)", "Grigor Vachkov (Vaklin)", "Zhelcho Mandadzhiev (Serafim)", "Vasil Vachev (Nemiya)", "Georgi Georgiev-Getz (Atanas)", "Alexander Dikov ()", "Petar Slabakov ()", "Tzvyatko Nikolov ()", "Ivan Manov ()", "Trifon Dzhonev ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}