{"tmdb_id": 584873, "title": "Poor Street", "original_title": "\u0411\u0435\u0434\u043d\u0430\u0442\u0430 \u0443\u043b\u0438\u0446\u0430", "slug_title": "poor-street", "date": "1960-09-05", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The students Yoshkata and Petar share rooms and wartime privations in a poor man's street. Over a glass of vine, Yoshkata often talks about the stage life of genuine beauty. The student is unaware of the passion with which Vaska, the barmaid at the local pub, burns for him. Petar is a member of an antifascist combat unit. The pupil Katya loves him. Petar carries out a sabotage action and comes home wounded. Yoshkata manages to deceive the Germans who rush into their flat that they have been drinking and playing cards throughout the evening. He saves his friend. However, the secret agent notices the doctor's visits. When the police arrive to arrest Petar, Yoshkata tries to resist them and the agent shoots him dead. Petar goes underground. On the day of the liberation, all the residents of the poor man's street celebrate, and Katya and Petar happily reunited. Vaska is there, too, a baby in her arms, the fruit of her love with Yoshkata...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nOGfTqFgIAUhSZC6clRLaCsw95s.jpg", "actors": ["Kosta Tsonev (Petar)", "Valentin Rusetzki (Yoshkata)", "Nikolina Genova (Katya)", "Nadezhda Vakavchieva (Baba Sava)", "Lili Eneva (Vaska)", "Dimitar Peshev (Nikolay Mateich)", "Naum Shopov (Zhorzh)", "Ivan Bratanov ()", "Georgi Kishkilov ()", "Stefan Petrov (Bay Mihail)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}