{"tmdb_id": 584988, "title": "There Is No Death", "original_title": "\u0421\u043c\u044a\u0440\u0442 \u043d\u044f\u043c\u0430", "slug_title": "there-is-no-death", "date": "1963-10-21", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The new supervisor Vasil arrives at the construction site of a dam. Vasil has problems with his men, who mistrust him and reluctantly submit to his perfectionism. He becomes involved with the refreshment bar attendant Lilyana. Vasil, who always wanted children, cannot abandon his childless wife and breaks with Lilyana. When four workers are buried in a tunnel landslide, Vasil makes his way to them and manages to drag them all out, except for Zlatan, a spiteful egocentric, whose legs are caught under a fallen prop. Zlatan begs Vasil to save him, even if it means cutting of his legs. To release the miner's legs Vasil cuts the prop, which is also supporting the roof of the tunnel. Zlatan is rescued. However, Vasil is killed. Since then, the workers say his steps can be heard bellow the dam wall.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/50FE2YOVjYO3QQGDW7q0Pygg33E.jpg", "actors": ["Petar Slabakov (Vasil Karadzhov)", "Grigor Vachkov (Pesho)", "\u0110oko Rosi\u0107 (Zlatan)", "Valentin Rusetzki (Bolyara)", "Nikolai Klissurov (Drakata)", "Ivan Yordanov (Bobchev)", "Ognemir Pavlov (Toshko)", "Medi Dimitrova (Lilyana)", "Katya Chukova (Hristina)", "Kalina Antonova (Kalinka)", "Georgi Cherkelov (Panov)", "Kosta Tsonev (Mladenov)", "Ivan Kondov (Velev)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}