{"tmdb_id": 585299, "title": "The Golden Tooth", "original_title": "\u0417\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043d\u0438\u044f\u0442 \u0437\u044a\u0431", "slug_title": "the-golden-tooth", "date": "1962-12-03", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Captain Lipovanski is badly wounded during World War II. The Germans take him prisoner. After the end of the war, he is set free in a foreign country. He has been deceived that he was sentenced to death as a deserter and that his pregnant wife had died in a Bulgarian concentration camp. He trains for subversive activities against his own country. He is given the codename 'Golden Tooth'. Eager for revenge, he arrives in Bulgaria. There he learns that an agent provocateur has killed his wife, that his child is safe and has been raised in a nursery, and that he himself is respected as a hero. Golden Tooth sets out to eliminate his accomplices. With a file containing valuable documents, the traitors prepare their escape abroad. The spies are caught at the border. Golden Tooth kills the last of the traitors and dies driving his lorry into a precipice.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tuPj022GcYDe1UpdlozYei9Pwk2.jpg", "actors": ["Georgi Georgiev-Getz (Captain Prodan Lipovski)", "Stefan Pejchev (Dr. Ivan Deliev)", "Nikola Galabov (Major Hristo Radev)", "Lilyana Doneva (Vanya)", "Georgi Kaloyanchev ()", "Georgi Popov ()", "Lyubomir Dimitrov ()", "Ivan Andonov (Alexiev)", "Kosta Tsonev (Captain Lukov)", "Nikola Dadov ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}