{"tmdb_id": 58601, "title": "WWE WrestleMania IX", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania IX", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-ix", "date": "1993-04-04", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania IX was the ninth annual WrestleMania.. The event took place at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada on April 4, 1993 and was the first WrestleMania event held outdoors.  WrestleMania IX was built around two main storylines. The first was the seemingly unstoppable Yokozuna challenging Bret Hart for the WWF Championship, a right he earned by winning the 1993 Royal Rumble. The other major storyline was the return of Hulk Hogan, who had departed the WWF following WrestleMania VIII but returned to team with Brutus Beefcake against the WWF Tag Team Champions, Money Inc. (Ted DiBiase and Irwin R. Schyster).  Several reviewers have been critical of the event. The most frequent criticism has been related to the match between The Undertaker and Giant Gonzalez, Hulk Hogan's win, and the Roman togas worn by announcers. Both the pay-per-view buyrate and the attendance for the event dropped from the previous year's WrestleMania.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xh94ap6MCG2nl090M6zwpd86Z8S.jpg", "actors": ["Hulk Hogan (Himself)", "Rodney Anoai (Yokozuna)", "Bret Hart (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Harry Fujiwara (Mr. Fuji)", "Curtis Michael Hennig (Mr. Perfect)", "Lawrence Wendell Pfohl (Lex Luger)", "Ted DiBiase (Million Dollar Man)", "Lawrence Michael Rotunda (Irwin R. Schyster)", "Edward Harrison Leslie (Brutus Beefcake)", "Jimmy Hart (Himself)", "William Moody (Paul Bearer)", "Scott Hall (Himself)", "Robert Louis Backlund (Himself)", "Brian Adams (Crush)", "Robert Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Fatu)", "Samula Anoai (Samu)", "Afa Amituana'i Anoa'i (Afa)", "Christopher Chavis (Tatanka)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Sherri Martel (Sensational Sherri)", "Merced Solis (Tito Santana)", "Charles Wright (Papa Shango)", "Steve Keirn (Doink the Clown)", "Jorge Gonz\u00e1lez (Giant Gonzalez)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58962, 58964, 53195, 115690], "youtube_key": "VjdE01Dce50"}