{"tmdb_id": 58614, "title": "This and That", "original_title": "Questo e quello", "slug_title": "this-and-that", "date": "1983-12-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Two episodes. The 1st is 'Amore impossibile' (Impossible love). Giulio is a comic book draftsman. He is passing through a creativity depressed period. One day his editor makes him meet a blond nice girl. Immediately Giulio fall in love and starts to draw his impossible love story into a new comic book.  The 2nd is 'Quello dal basco rosso' (the one with the red beret). Sandro, a mature man, meets one of his former girlfriend and her daughter Daniela. Daniela couldn't have sex with her boyfriend because of a childhood remembrance. In fact she always remember her mother having sex with a man wearing a red beret. She discovers that man is Sandro, makes love with him and soon recovers from her obsession.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/v5Xg2Z7lt4UMoXxfx5HIdLdhsfJ.jpg", "actors": ["Renato Pozzetto (Giulio Scacchi / Gregory)", "Nino Manfredi (dottore / Alessandro \"Sandro\" Cipollini)", "Janet \u00c5gren (Lucy)", "Gianni Agus (l'editore)", "Michela Miti (fidanzata di Giulio)", "Luigi Maria Burruano (il carabiniere che parla con Giulio)", "D\u00e9sir\u00e9e Nosbusch (Daniela)", "Sylva Koscina (Dora, madre di Daniela)", "Paolo Panelli (il dottore)", "Nanda Primavera (nonna di Daniela)", "Franco Scandurra (Principe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [57015, 121481, 6979, 45025], "youtube_key": "notfound"}