{"tmdb_id": 58618, "title": "WWE WrestleMania 22", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania 22", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-22", "date": "2006-04-02", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania 22 was the twenty-second annual WrestleMania PPV. It was presented by Snickers and took place on April 2, 2006 at the Allstate Arena in the Chicago suburb of Rosemont, Illinois.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Triple H for the WWE Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between Kurt Angle, Rey Mysterio, and Randy Orton. Featured matches on the undercard included a No Holds Barred match between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon, a Casket match between The Undertaker and Mark Henry, a WWE Women's Championship match between Mickie James and Trish Stratus and an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match featuring six participants.  Tickets sold out in under two minutes, grossing US$2.5 million for the event, making it the highest grossing one-day event at the Allstate Arena. More than 17,155 people attended, with millions more watching in more than 90 countries.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kmodJvgjDFi0XQpKAxKdzZQrokR.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Torrie Wilson (Herself)", "Candice Michelle (Herself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Vince McMahon (Himself)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Mickie Laree James-Aldis (Herself)", "Trish Stratus (Herself)", "Martin Wright (The Boogeyman)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Mick Foley (Himself)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Amy Dumas (Lita)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "John Charles Layfield (JBL)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Bobby Lashley (Himself)", "Dave Finlay (Finlay)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Carlos Col\u00f3n Jr. (Carlito)", "Chris Mordetzky (Chris Masters)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58975, 58974, 199048, 84682], "youtube_key": "bLuAqUU1HSI"}