{"tmdb_id": 58649, "title": "WWE WrestleMania 23", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania 23", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-23", "date": "2007-04-01", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania 23 was the twenty-third annual WrestleMania PPV. It took place on April 1, 2007 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. The event was a joint-brand pay-per-view, featuring performers from the Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brands.  The main match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus Shawn Michaels for the WWE Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Batista versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship. The primary match on the ECW brand was an Eight Man Tag Team match between The ECW Originals and The New Breed. The featured matches on the undercard included Bobby Lashley versus Umaga and an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match.  It set an all-time Ford Field attendance record of 80,103. WrestleMania 23 grossed US$5.38 million in ticket sales, breaking the previous record of $3.9 million held at WrestleMania X8. With about 1.25 million buys, the event is the highest WWE pay-per-view buyrate in history.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9QsFhQLiagXhszBfhGsgaObKoSt.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "John Cena (Himself)", "Edward Fatu (Umaga)", "Bobby Lashley (Himself)", "Vince McMahon (Himself)", "Donald Trump (Himself)", "Melina Perez (Herself)", "Ashley Massaro (Herself)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Thomas James Laughlin (Tommy Dreamer)", "Terry Michael Brunk (Sabu)", "Jim Fullington (The Sandman)", "Kevin Fertig (Kevin Thorn)", "Matthew Kaye (Matt Striker)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Hassan Hamin Assad (M.V.P.)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Dalip Singh Rana (The Great Khali)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Jeffrey Nero Hardy (Himself)", "Booker Huffman (King Booker)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Dave Finlay (Finlay)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Phillip Jack Brooks (CM Punk)", "Ken Anderson (Mr. Kennedy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [199048, 58975, 60979, 99704], "youtube_key": "2JbMu7I0NzU"}