{"tmdb_id": 58764, "title": "Very Cold Trip", "original_title": "Napapiirin sankarit", "slug_title": "very-cold-trip", "date": "2010-10-15", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "La vie est belle pour Janne, un jeune trentenaire finlandais\u2026 Il ne fait rien de ses journ\u00e9es. Sa fianc\u00e9e Inari n\u2019en peut plus et lui pose un ultimatum : soit il trouve un d\u00e9codeur tv avant l\u2019aube \u2013 elle le lui r\u00e9clame depuis longtemps \u2013 soit elle le quitte. Janne n\u2019a plus le choix : il se lance avec ses deux meilleurs amis sur les routes enneig\u00e9es de Laponie ; des routes sem\u00e9es de surprises et d\u2019emb\u00fbches o\u00f9 sa fain\u00e9antise l\u00e9gendaire ne lui sera pas d\u2019une grande aide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gPMrFhLayLnqQcGiG3OzLr34l0X.jpg", "actors": ["Jussi Vatanen (Janne)", "Jasper P\u00e4\u00e4kk\u00f6nen (Kapu)", "Timo Lavikainen (R\u00e4ih\u00e4nen)", "Pamela Tola (Inari)", "Kari Ketonen (Pikku-Mikko)", "Miia Nuutila (Marjukka)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A young man wakes up. His girlfriend is kinda tired of his lazy way of living, it is time for a change. The change comes in the form of a digibox. His girlfriend wants to watch Titanic that very evening. She is not unreasonably, mind you, she does give him the money for the digibox, unfortunately, things are not that simple. Well, I say unfortunately, but the Odyssey that lies ahead of young Janne is a great one.\r\n\r\nThis is no mindblowing movie that will give you some higher insight into life, or even show you a new way of making movies. It is a very traditional movie; man must go on adventure in order to win the woman. I won't spoil the ending too much, but I think you have an idea of where this is going.\r\n\r\n_Last words... this movie is done well, but nothing more than a light comedy. If I could only pick a handful of comedies to bring with me to the Otherworld, this would not be one of them, but it did entertain me._"}], "recommandations_id": [366249, 38821, 37988, 29040]}