{"tmdb_id": 587964, "title": "Queens Of Combat 5", "original_title": "Queens Of Combat 5", "slug_title": "queens-of-combat-5", "date": "2015-06-13", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "9.0/10", "synopsis": "Queens of Combat 5 - Title Tournament Day 1 Mid Atlantic Sportatorium Gibsonville, NC 6/13/15 Solo Darling vs. Su Yung 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament \"Hardcore\" Heather Owens vs. Chasity Taylor 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Santana Garrett vs. Mandy Leon 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Tessa Blanchard vs. Hania the Huntress 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Jenny Rose vs. Amanda Rodriguez 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Taeler Hendrix vs. Amy Love 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament Jessicka Havok vs. Miss Diss Lexia 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament LuFisto vs. Leva Bates 1st Round Match of the Queens of Combat Title Tournament.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9ZgzQ4USwURbwozbeKboRNcpYsQ.jpg", "actors": ["Vannarah Riggs (Su Yung)", "Christina Garibaldi (Solo Darling)", "Chasity Ann Taylor (Chasity Taylor)", "Heather Owens (Heather Owens)", "Santana Garrett (Santana Garrett)", "Mandy Leon (Mandy Leon)", "Jessica Cricks (Jessicka Havok)", "Aspyn Rose (Aspyn Rose)", "Tessa Blanchard (Tessa Blanchard)", "Tamara McNeill (Hania The Howling Huntress)", "Amanda Carolina Rodriguez (Amanda Rodriguez)", "Jenny Rose (Jenny Rose)", "Taeler Conrad-Mellen (Taeler Hendrix)", "Amy Jefferson (Amy Love)", "Miss Diss Lexia (Miss Diss Lexia)", "Genevieve Goulet (LuFisto)", "Leva Bates (Leva Bates)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "rr_CCELUJng"}