{"tmdb_id": 588136, "title": "The Blacklisted", "original_title": "Na crnoj listi", "slug_title": "the-blacklisted", "date": "2018-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dejan is an ordinary guy living in post-communist country. But each time a Chinese delegation visit his country, he\u2019s treated as public enemy: state security taps his phones and tails both him and his family. The reason is he\u2019s practising Falun Gong. But what is Falun Gong? Why is it banned and persecuted in China and what is the connection with Serbia? By following the events on the margins of Chinese Summit held in Belgrade in 2014, when police unlawfully detained 11 Falun Gong activists, we discover a story. The activists were held to avoid spreading the truth about Falun Gong in China. Through their testimony in this film, as well as Dejan\u2019s exclusive video materials, the truth is finally brought to the light of the day. It's the bitter truth about China and the whole world we live in.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cC6aamn1LQU3vYPicOUzUhQWuet.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Angelov (Himself)", "Milena Atanasova (Herself)", "Marijana Holjevac (Herself)", "Lilia Kostova (Herself)", "Yael Levin (Herself)", "Lan Lihua (Herself)", "Dejan Markovi\u0107 (Himself)", "Gisela Olson (Herself)", "Kristijan Pala\u010dek (Himself)", "Georgy Pleshkov (Himself)", "Chen Xiaoyang (Herself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}