{"tmdb_id": 58867, "title": "Strongroom", "original_title": "Strongroom", "slug_title": "strongroom", "date": "1962-05-04", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3TPYRFNyTZwNEsZjLbL0G026jmA.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Gordon (Mr. Spencer)", "Ann Lynn (Rose Taylor)", "Keith Faulkner (Len)", "Derren Nesbitt (Griff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Superior British \"B\" Noir.\r\n\r\nStrongroom is directed by Vernon Sewell and written by Max Marquis and Richard Harris. It stars Derren Nesbit, Colin Gordon, Ann Lynn, Keith Faulkner and W. Morgan Sheppard. Music is by Johnny Gregory and cinematography by Basil Emmott.\r\n\r\nThree men enact a bank robbery and lock up the manager and his secretary in the vault. Upon making their getaway it dawns on them that the two in the vault could die from lack of oxygen and thus landing them as murderers should they be caught...\r\n\r\nEvery once in a while a \"quota quickie\" or \"B\" crime movie really strides out on its own to stand tall and proud, Strongroom is one such film. Originally the support feature to the George Chakiris film Two and Two Make Six, Sewell's picture went down well enough with the public that it often became the main feature in some theatres.\r\n\r\nCompact at just 80 minutes in length, it's a picture heavy on claustrophobia and thematic stings, embracing that old noir devil of fate along the way. It's directed in a tight no-nonsense way by Sewell, who manages to keep things moving without it being at cost to nail biting suspense. Well performed by all involved, it's a film that never once cops out, right up to, and including, the quite brilliant finale. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [249313, 74753, 171297, 192162]}