{"tmdb_id": 58975, "title": "WWE WrestleMania 21", "original_title": "WWE WrestleMania 21", "slug_title": "wwe-wrestlemania-21", "date": "2005-04-03", "genre": ["Drame / Action"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "WrestleMania 21 was the twenty-first annual WrestleManiaPPV. It was presented by Snickers and took place on April 3, 2005 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.  The main match on the Raw brand was Triple H versus Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was John \"Bradshaw\" Layfield versus John Cena for the WWE Championship. Another primary match was an interpromotional match between The Undertaker versus Randy Orton. The featured matches on the undercard were Kurt Angle versus Shawn Michaels and a Money in the Bank ladder match. The event also featured the return of Stone Cold Steve Austin who started his part-time appearances with WWE at this event.  The event drew a Staples Center record attendance of 20,193 people and grossed more than $2.1 million in ticket sales.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/59TdRyx9Jevq9sMDqgBT7rLzPG0.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "John Cena (Himself)", "John Charles Layfield (JBL)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Himself)", "Trish Stratus (Herself)", "Christy Hemme (Herself)", "Amy Dumas (Lita)", "Mark William Calaway (The Undertaker)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Bob Orton, Jr. (Himself)", "Adam Copeland (Edge)", "Chris Jericho (Chris Jericho)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Travis Tomko (Tyson Tomko)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [58974, 60979, 199048, 209738], "youtube_key": "YvEVLAFzJuY"}