{"tmdb_id": 590511, "title": "She's Gonna Squirt", "original_title": "She's Gonna Squirt", "slug_title": "she-s-gonna-squirt", "date": "2013-03-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kelly Divine and Sophie Dee are dancing by the pool. Kieran is laid back watching them when they take their dance over to his outdoor bed. The girls get him all wet as they squirt all over each other.  Erik Everhard is a novelist who writes steamy romance novels that get women wet and horny. Henna Presley is the perfect subject for inspiration for his latest novel.  Mr. Pete accidentally reported a fire to the city. Angelina, not happy that she was called out for nothing, decided to show Mr. Pete how she takes care of prank callers. Hosing them down with a gushing pussy!  When all a girl wants to do is squirt and her husband cant fulfill, they bring those girls to Mr. Pete, sex therapist. He'll get your horny ass wife to squirt like a fire hydrant that's been run down by a car.  Johnny comes home one day from work to his lovely wife Veronica and she's got some news for him. He finds out that she can squirt! Jonny jumps to the occasion and fucks the living squirt out!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uUd2iAHo7OOcsIkI8MbgoBx7Hob.jpg", "actors": ["Amy Brooke ()", "Angelina Valentine ()", "Jenna Presley ()", "Kelly Divine ()", "Sophie Dee ()", "Veronica Avluv ()", "Zoey Holiday ()", "Erik Everhard ()", "Johnny Sins ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}