{"tmdb_id": 59065, "title": "Route Irish", "original_title": "Route Irish", "slug_title": "route-irish", "date": "2011-03-16", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "En septembre 2004, Fergus (ancien des SAS) persuade son ami d\u2019enfance Frankie (ancien para) d'int\u00e9grer son \u00e9quipe d'agents de s\u00e9curit\u00e9, \u00e0 Bagdad, pour un salaire mensuel de 12 000 livres, non imposable.C'est leur derni\u00e8re chance de \u00ab\u00a0se faire du bl\u00e9\u00a0\u00bb dans cette guerre dont la privatisation va croissant. Ensemble, ils vont risquer leur vie dans une ville o\u00f9 r\u00e8gnent la violence, la terreur, l'impunit\u00e9 et l'avidit\u00e9. Une ville par ailleurs inond\u00e9e de milliards de dollars am\u00e9ricains.En septembre 2007, Frankie meurt sur la \u00ab\u00a0Route Irish\u00a0\u00bb, la route la plus dangereuse de Bagdad. Fergus rejette l'explication officielle et, bris\u00e9 par le chagrin, retourne \u00e0 Liverpool o\u00f9 il entame sa propre enqu\u00eate sur la mort de son alter ego.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eMa8P12H2VcjkhrFRaCftIFbg12.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Womack (Fergus)", "John Bishop (Frankie)", "Andrea Lowe (Rachel)", "Trevor Williams (Nelson)", "Geoff Bell (Walker)", "Jack Fortune (Haynes)", "Talib Hamafraj (Harim)", "Jamie Michie (Jamie)", "Najwa Nimri ()", "Stephen Lord (Stephen)", "Gary Cargill ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A man, Fergus (Mark Womack), has come home to bury his friend. They shared dreams once, of going abroad, seeing the world, and they did, as soldiers, but only one of them came back. He died on the Route Irish, a road while picking up a journalist from the airport. Route Irish, by the way, is a codename for the road going from the Bagdad Airport to the Green Zone (the most dangerous road in the world).\r\n\r\nThe man feels responsible for his friend's death, and now he is investigating the incident. It should be mentioned here that he stole his friend's phone and found some images and films that might incriminate the people he worked for. As he delves into the circumstances leading to his friend's death, he also relives his own experiences abroad.\r\n\r\nKen Loach is a master of these films; films that doesn't just tell a story, but explain to us how the world works. This might not be \"based on real events\", but it could have been; these are the stories we see on the news every day. I recently watched a movie much like this, called _In the Valley of Elah_, with Tommy Lee Jones. These two movies are kindred spirits in many ways, as they both follow men who are looking for answers, and both involve the military in Iraq. There are major differences, of course, but enough to bind them together. Like one of these and chances are that you'll like the other one as well.\r\n\r\n_Last words... regardless of how you feel about Iraq, watch this movie. It is about people trying to do what they feel is right, about uncovering answers when people would rather that they didn't. The truth is not always pleasant, but it is... the truth._"}], "recommandations_id": [258145, 46101, 44502, 52322]}