{"tmdb_id": 59106, "title": "Romanzo di un giovane povero", "original_title": "Romanzo di un giovane povero", "slug_title": "romanzo-di-un-giovane-povero", "date": "1995-09-29", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Two neighbors, young Vincenzo and old Mr. Bartoloni, are utterly unhappy. On the one hand Vincenzo must lead a miserable and frustrating life as he cannot find any regular job, despite his Arts degree. On the other hand, Mr. Bartoloni is fed up with his despotic wife: the woman who used to be a beautiful artist is now a fat and shabby drunkard. The two men meet on a particularly sad night and, during an outburst Mr. Bartoloni asks Vincenzo to help him to get rid of his wife by simulating an accident with the promise of a considerable amount of money. At night Vincenzo can't sleep: Mr. Bartoloni wasn't joking and he is in a desperate need for money...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oyF5lhMj7uNzvssGALaSsZCIcjL.jpg", "actors": ["Rolando Ravello (Vincenzo Persico)", "Andr\u00e9 Dussollier (Sostituto Procuratore Moscati)", "Alberto Sordi (Bartoloni)", "Isabella Ferrari (Andreina)", "Mario Carotenuto (Sig. Pieralisi)", "Renato De Carmine (Avvocato Cantini)", "Gianfelice Imparato (Assistente Moscati)", "Sara Franchetti (Madre di Vincenzo)", "Aida Billarelli (Karline)", "Nathalie Caldonazzo (Ananas)", "Gloria Sirabella (Marcella)", "Gea Martire (Testimone)", "Barbara D'Urso (Madre dello studente)", "Filippo Arcelloni ()", "Ester Astrologo ()", "Gianni Baghino ()", "Vittorio di Mambro ()", "Enzo Monteduro (Di Peggio)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "Ru--9JyE-po"}