{"tmdb_id": 5910, "title": "Hana-Bi", "original_title": "\u306f\u306a\u3073", "slug_title": "hana-bi", "date": "1997-09-03", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Terriblement traumatis\u00e9 par la fin prochaine de sa femme et la paralysie d'un de ses collegues, bless\u00e9 au cours d'une fusillade, le d\u00e9tective Nishi quitte la police. Il va commettre un hold-up pour soulager les miseres de ceux qui l'entourent. La s\u00e9r\u00e9nite du dernier voyage qu'il entreprend avec sa femme, vers le mont Fuji, va etre bris\u00e9e par l'arriv\u00e9e de yakusas vengeurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/55EBBrHskI3WzmAwGJwGXiSoHBH.jpg", "actors": ["Takeshi Kitano (Nishi Yoshitaka)", "Kayoko Kishimoto (Miyuki)", "Ren Osugi (Horibe)", "Susumu Terajima (Nakamura)", "Tetsu Watanabe (Tesuka)", "Hakuryu (Yakuza-Mitglied)", "Yasuei Yakushiji (Criminal)", "Taro Istumi (Kudo)", "Makoto Ashikawa (Tanake)", "Y\u00fbko Daike (Tanaka's widow)", "Tsumami Edamame (Businessman throwing rocks)", "Y\u016brei Yanagi (Chef #1)", "Sujitarou Tamabukuro (Chef #2)", "Tokio Seki (Old Hick)", "Motoharu Tamura (Chief Detective)", "Hitoshi Nishizawa (Yakuza Head)", "Setchin Kawaya (Male Bank Customer #3)", "Shoko Kitano (Girl who flies kite)", "Kiyoko Kitazawa (Nurse B)", "Takayuki Konishi (Detective B)", "Rinko Moriwaka ()", "Yoshiyuki Morishita (Hoodlum B)", "Omiya no Matsu ()", "Sumiko Takai ()", "Kanji Tsuda ()", "Keiko Yamamoto (Nurse A)", "Sh\u00fbji \u00d4tsuki ()", "Kenichi Yajima (Doctor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Drop Dead.\r\n\r\nHana-bi (AKA: Fireworks) is written and directed by Takeshi Kitano. It stars Kitano, Kayoko Kishimoto, Ren Osugi and Susumu Terajima. Music is by Joe Hisaishi and cinematography by Hideo Yamamoto.\r\n\r\nYoshikata Nishi (Kitano) is a loose cannon police detective who quits the force after a tragic incident results in his partner, Horibe (Osugi), being confined to a wheelchair. His retirement brings him the time to care more for his seriously ill wife Miyuki (Kishimoto). Nishi can find no peace, though, more so as he has borrowed money from the Yakuza to pay for his wife's needs, and they are growing impatient for the repayment...\r\n\r\nVery early in Kitano's superb slice of Japanese neo-noir there is a piece of graffiti on the wall, it says \"Drop Dead\", while Hisaishi's music is a devilish accompaniment to the scene. It's ominous and foreboding, setting the tone for what is to follow. Pic is deliberately paced, beautifully so, with the opening nonlinear approach and scattergun shifts in time adding a sort of psychological maelstrom to the impending narrative darkness.\r\n\r\nYet to suggest it as a perpetually bleak picture is doing it a small disservice, for Kitano (himself working from a damaged psyche that occurred in real life) has this adroit eye for poetic beauty and human tenderness that marries up with bursts of violence and emotionally shattering passages of play. And it works brilliantly, with stabs of humour also filtering in via the outer frames. \r\n\r\nNishi the character is a force of nature and a walking - brooding - contradiction, a man pained behind his sunglasses, his expressionless visage amazingly still saying so much. When he explodes the impact is doubly strong, mainly because dialogue is so sparse, but the interwoven visuals - very much a Kitano speciality - strike an almighty chord for the story. To which we edge towards the finale, which unsurprisingly brings beauty and infinite sadness.\r\n\r\nUnfussy camera work, sabre sharp editing (Kitano & Yoshinori Oota), elegiacal musical arrangements, art, kites and Kitano's intense performance, this rounds out as film making greatness. In fact, a masterpiece. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [7500, 4291, 327, 870], "youtube_key": "fHpV5-pRwHU"}