{"tmdb_id": 591665, "title": "OMG! I Fucked My Daughter's BFF! 14", "original_title": "OMG! I Fucked My Daughter's BFF! 14", "slug_title": "omg-i-fucked-my-daughter-s-bff-14", "date": "2017-03-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Cadey and Dick are playing their customary game of hide and seek, with Cadey fleeing from the big, brawny Dick, pretending she doesn't want him. But soon, they end up like always: in the guest bedroom Dick dominating Cadey and giving her the fucking of a lifetime!  Young Cassidy has been eyeing her friend's dad Tommy for a while now. She gets him alone and though he says no, she persists. Finally she gets him to grab her big, young tits and it's 'go' time!  Marcus London is being seduced by young Jessie as he explains to her why they can't have an affair. She's his daughter's best friend! She hunts him all over the house, finally getting to submit on the big white couch in the living room.  Penelope has been trying to get her best friend's dad to notice her but he always seems more interested in the paper. But today, while she's home alone with him Penelope decides that it's time to seduce him. She tosses his newspaper away and proceeds to blow him, before she gets what she wants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w84ptLywTOGxbbvzruPUBN94mtW.jpg", "actors": ["Cadey Mercury ()", "Cassidy Banks ()", "Jessie Lynne ()", "Penelope Reed ()", "Dick Chibbles ()", "Donnie Rock ()", "Marcus London ()", "Tommy Gunn ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}