{"tmdb_id": 5921, "title": "Nevada Smith", "original_title": "Nevada Smith", "slug_title": "nevada-smith", "date": "1966-06-10", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s le meurtre de ses parents, Nevada Smith d\u00e9cide de se venger des trois meurtriers. Il retrouve le premier, un joueur, et l'abat. Il apprend que le second est en prison et commet un d\u00e9lit afin de se retrouver dans sa cellule. L\u00e0, ils s'\u00e9vadent tous les deux et Nevada Smith le tue. Lorsqu'il retrouve le troisi\u00e8me assassin, il l'abat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y011JZ7SD6ytjVwmwzVDibKvOss.jpg", "actors": ["Steve McQueen (Max Sand)", "Karl Malden (Tom Fitch)", "Brian Keith (Jonas Cord)", "Arthur Kennedy (Bill Bowdre)", "Suzanne Pleshette (Pilar)", "Raf Vallone (Father Zaccardi)", "Janet Margolin (Neesa)", "Pat Hingle (Big Foot)", "Howard Da Silva (Warden)", "Martin Landau (Jesse Coe)", "Paul Fix (Sheriff Bonnell)", "Gene Evans (Sam Sand)", "Josephine Hutchinson (Mrs. Elvira McCanles)", "John Doucette (Uncle Ben McCanles)", "Val Avery (Buck Mason)", "Sheldon Allman (Sheriff)", "Lyle Bettger (Jack Rudabough)", "Bert Freed (Quince)", "David McLean (Romero)", "Steve Mitchell (Buckshot)", "Merritt Bohn (River Boat Pilot)", "Sandy Kenyon (Clerk in Bank)", "Ric Roman (Cipriano)", "John Lawrence (Hogg)", "Stanley Adams (Storekeeper)", "George Mitchell (Paymaster)", "John Litel (Doctor)", "Ted de Corsia (Hudson - Bartender)", "Loni Anderson (Brunette Saloon Girl (uncredited))", "Iron Eyes Cody (Taka-Ta (uncredited))", "Strother Martin (Strother (uncredited))", "Edy Williams (Saloon Girl (uncredited))", "Joanna Moore (Angie Coe - Saloon Girl)", "Thordis Brandt (Saloon Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "More than a Western.\r\n\r\nMore than a Western indeed, perhaps a straight forward revenge drama in substance? But it is also a fine character study of a man coming to terms with growing up faster than he ever thought he would have to. What makes the film real good and lifts it above average is its structured segments, director Henry Hathaway weaves a potent and interesting story by making each part of Nevada Smith/Max Sand's journey an involving character piece that puts you firmly on side with the protagonist and his vengeful quest.\r\n\r\nCredit has to go to McQueen for putting much gusto into the character when it was badly needed, because to save the film from being standard fare we need the leading man to involve us in his troubled and confused state, luckily he does this with bells on. The locations and sets put gloss on the story and in the main the rest of the cast do very well, however, I'm one of the few on this site who feels that Karl Malden just doesn't cut it as the chief villain of the piece, I feel the character who carried out these vile crimes should have been far more menacing than the shaky overplayed villain that Malden gives us.\r\n\r\nGreat action sequences, a memorable story, and an ending that brings the character full circle. All things that combine to give us a very good film that stars a great leading man and is directed with very professional and genre knowing hands. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [4820, 5917, 32041, 20638]}