{"tmdb_id": 59238, "title": "Jesse Stone 7:  Innocence perdue", "original_title": "Jesse Stone: Innocents Lost", "slug_title": "jesse-stone-7-innocence-perdue", "date": "2011-05-21", "genre": "T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Jesse Stone est surcharg\u00e9 ! Il enqu\u00eate sur la mort d'une jeune adolescente et sur l'affaire d'un meurtrier condamn\u00e9 qu'il croit innocent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hCAAPF3dUDSuUgUMtTtDBoQMuB8.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Selleck (Jesse Stone)", "Kathy Baker (Rose Gammon)", "Kohl Sudduth (Luther 'Suitcase' Simpson)", "Gloria Reuben (Thelma Gleffey)", "Stephen McHattie (Commander Healy)", "William Sadler (Gino Fish)", "Eileen April Boylan (Cindy Van Aldan)", "William Devane (Dr. Dix)", "Saul Rubinek (Hasty Hathaway)", "Mark Blum (Dr. Parkinson)", "Mike Erwin (Lewis Lipinsky)", "Jeff Geddis (William Butler)", "Rae Ritkie (Jacqueline Van Aldan)", "Kerri Smith (Sister Mary John)", "Val Ovtcharov (Valery Siminov)", "Jeremy Akerman (Councilman Carter Hanson)", "Christine Tizzard (Amanda)", "Benjamin Charles Watson (Charles Morris)", "Molly Dunsworth (Emily)", "Laura Kohoot (Laura)", "Christopher Killam (Steven)", "Dylan Roberts (Public Defender)", "Hans Bogild (Detective)", "Mike Cleven (Burly Man)", "Vanessa Furlong (Young Girl)", "Gillian Anderson (Jenn (voice))", "Stacy Smith (Administrator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Who is this Cindy the Jesse is fond of?**\r\n\r\nThe seventh film in the Jesse Stone series and not based on any book. Seems that's it, the adaptations are over. I thought it was a temporary diversion, but after the third straight film with no sign of going back, somewhat clear that it won't in the future as well. So only the characters from the book by Robert B. Parker was used to take the series forward with the original screenplays.\r\n\r\nJesse is preoccupied with new of him. He stopped talking to his ex- wife since the phone line he cut off. But it could be the reason a teen girl's death. I mean he's not responsible, but when she needed him the most he was unreachable. So he's kind of in guilt for her death and trying to find the real reason behind it. The police department closed the case with a simple statement, but Jesse knows there's something or someone to blame. Like usual, he goes after with the clues he got and also gets some help from his frenemy Mr Fish. Where it takes him and how he solves it comes in the last quarter.\r\n\r\nIn the opening credit, it was a different look, particularly the Jesse character was transformed into something new. When the rest of the film was in progress, there's nothing like that, just the old Jesse we all knew. He's trying to be close with Reggie, but it is not working. He's not in the force which is not looking good. Not just for him, but also for the film. Because he is a cop, a best one the paradise has ever seen, but his exit from the force was uninteresting the new development in the series. They are trying with the different things since it left the book, but not paying off with the success the series saw from the initial three films.\r\n\r\n> \"What are you looking at?\"\r\n\r\nThe director for this sequel has changed. This is the first time and I was not expecting that, because I thought that's the best thing about this series. I know the last couple of films were not up to the standards, but seems it's good that they wanted a fresh perspective, still, I don't think the new attempt worked out so well. I won't blame the director completely, first of all the story was pretty bad. This is surely the worst film in the series and it came in the time when the series needed a serious uplift. I don't know, from this position where it will head in the future.\r\n\r\nIt's not about the film is bad, but it does suit to be a part of the Jesse Stone franchise and that's the issue here. Because I felt it was out of the sync with the series. Those new characters, especially what they told us the dead girl Cindy was a close friend of Jesse is somewhat unacceptable. We have never seen her before and you can't just bring her in saying that's a very important person in Jesse's life. Because we know Jesse since he got to Paradise, so this girl is a mystery. Sorry, it did not work for me, maybe a prequel to that might do the fixing job all the damage done in this part. But I'm not confident about that would happen.\r\n\r\nFor the filmmakers, this installment is a bad dream. How could the writers did not think to include the flashbacks to cover up the flaws. I feel they should have sticked with the Robert B. Parker's book series. Other than the messed up story, as an individual film, it can be enjoyable. Many Jesse Stone fans upset with this one, though I hope the next one gets better. I'm saying that since last few films, but it is only going down and seems not recovering.\r\n\r\nLike Selleck is the only reason this film still watchable. He was wonderful with a good supporting cast. So let's see what's going to happen to the film characters, looks some of the main ones useless here. With the wonderful characters, the makers are not developing the interesting story. I almost lost interest in this, but there are just a couple of films left, so I'm going to finish it off. I hope they can be what I'm expecting.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [22555, 26114, 31047, 110148]}