{"tmdb_id": 59257, "title": "A Walk in My Shoes", "original_title": "A Walk in My Shoes", "slug_title": "a-walk-in-my-shoes", "date": "2010-12-03", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Ever judge someone just by looking at them? Of course, we\u2019ve all made snap judgments about people. But what if we really got to know them? How would our opinions change? And what if we were forced to become them\u2026 how would the shoes fit then? Stressed-out high school teacher Trish Fahey can\u2019t understand her students\u2019 lack of effort and why their parents don\u2019t seem to care. This perspective dramatically changes when Trish meets Molly, a mysterious stranger intent on helping her see things differently. When Trish wrecks her car, Molly is there as Trish wakes to find herself living the life of Cindy Kremer, the woman she has personally judged and criticized. Trish discovers that there is often more to the story and learns a powerful lesson that affects everyone she interacts with. Her husband, her daughter, the ex-Marine next door\u2026 No one is left unchanged.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fT6JyIilPSb77V4WegpXhbg5l2Q.jpg", "actors": ["Nancy Travis (Trish Fahey)", "Philip Winchester (Jake)", "Yara Martinez (Molly - The Angel)", "Cameron Deane Stewart (Justin Kremer)", "Jackson Pace (Mikey Kremer)", "Robert Blanche (Alex)", "Tra'Renee Chambers (Nurse in Clinic)", "Will Cuddy (Cool Dude Guy)", "Jana Lee Hamblin (Cindy Kremer)", "Betty Moyer (Phoebe)", "Elijah Nelson (Toby)", "Marlowe Percival (Head Cheerleader (as Sarah Willey))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "WS6-ciyH16s"}