{"tmdb_id": 5927, "title": "Junior Bonner, le dernier bagarreur", "original_title": "Junior Bonner", "slug_title": "junior-bonner-le-dernier-bagarreur", "date": "1972-08-02", "genre": "Action / Drame / Western", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un rod\u00e9oman, Junior Bonner (Steve Mc Queen), parcourt les \u00c9tats-Unis de concours en concours, en gagnant tant bien que mal sa vie. Le prochain concours, le rod\u00e9o de Prescott, lui permet de retrouver son p\u00e8re (Robert Preston) et sa m\u00e8re (Ida Lupino) qui vivent d\u00e9sormais s\u00e9par\u00e9s ainsi que son fr\u00e8re (Joe Don Baker), promoteur immobilier arriviste qui s'est enrichi et a brad\u00e9 le ranch parental ainsi que tout le domaine, dans son propre int\u00e9r\u00eat. Junior va tout faire pour gagner le concours qu'il a perdu l'ann\u00e9e pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente, il insiste pour avoir \" Sunshine \" un taureau redoutable en face de qui il a perdu, il a m\u00eame failli mourir l'ann\u00e9e pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 la prime gagn\u00e9e au rod\u00e9o, il offre \u00e0 son p\u00e8re, r\u00eaveur id\u00e9aliste, un billet d'avion pour l'Australie, sa destination de r\u00eave.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fSOfPw2fDuSi0O9p2n1fcSiJWLP.jpg", "actors": ["Steve McQueen (Junior Bonner)", "Robert Preston (Ace Bonner)", "Ida Lupino (Elvira Bonner)", "Ben Johnson (Buck Roan)", "Joe Don Baker (Curly Bonner)", "Barbara Leigh (Charmagne)", "Mary Murphy (Ruth Bonner)", "Sandra Deel (Nurse Arlis)", "Dub Taylor (Del)", "Bill McKinney (Red Terwiliger)", "Don Barry (Homer Rutledge)", "Charles H. Gray (Burt)", "Roxanne Knight (Merla Twine)", "Rita Garrison (Flashie)", "Sandra Pew (Janene Twine)", "Matthew Peckinpah (Tim Bonner)", "Sundown Spencer (Nick Bonner)", "William E. Pierce (Rodeo Official)", "P. K. Strong (Dudettes member)", "Toby Michaels (Dudettes member)", "Bonnie Clausing (Dudettes member)", "Francesca Jarvis (Rodeo Secretary)", "George Weintraub (George)", "Irene Simpson (Barmaid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Average film but it does feature a cracking lead performance.\r\n\r\nThe film itself is interesting enough, even to those not interested in its core subject of Rodeo, and it's a story that I think most viewers can get onside with. The title character played wonderfully by Steve McQueen returns to his home town of Prescott, Arizona, to find that the family he left behind is now fractured and that age has caught up with him and his Rodeo life.\r\n\r\nIt's a very up and down piece that on the surface doesn't seem like a directed effort from Sam Peckinpah. But there's some very special treats in the film to look out for. I have never been to a Rodeo so I have no frame of reference as regards the power of the Rodeo scenes here, but they certainly hit the spot of this particular viewer, in fact, I was transfixed by them. The film is also dotted with interesting and nicely drawn characters that are thankfully well realised by the acting talent on show. Ida Lupino, Robert Preston & Ben Johnson all help to keep the film way above average, but ultimately it's Steve McQueen turning in a memorable lead performance that actually deserves a better film than the one it ends up being. So 7/10 for the film as a whole, but a genuine 10/10 for the affectingly deep turn from McQueen."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Above average film featuring a cracking lead performance.\r\n\r\nThe film itself is interesting enough, even to those not interested in its core subject of Rodeo, and it's a story that I think most viewers can get onside with. The title character played wonderfully by Steve McQueen returns to his home town of Prescott, Arizona, to find that the family he left behind is now fractured and that age has caught up with him and his Rodeo life.\r\n\r\nIt's a very up and down piece that on the surface doesn't seem like a directed effort from Sam Peckinpah. But there's some very special treats in the film to look out for. I have never been to a Rodeo so I have no frame of reference as regards the power of the Rodeo scenes here, but they certainly hit the spot of this particular viewer, in fact, I was transfixed by them. The film is also dotted with interesting and nicely drawn characters that are thankfully well realised by the acting talent on show. Ida Lupino, Robert Preston & Ben Johnson all help to keep the film way above average, but ultimately it's Steve McQueen turning in a memorable lead performance that actually deserves a better film than the one it ends up being. So 7/10 for the film as a whole, but a genuine 10/10 for the affectingly deep turn from McQueen."}], "recommandations_id": [4820, 36554, 5922, 12766]}