{"tmdb_id": 592836, "title": "Lips", "original_title": "Lips", "slug_title": "lips", "date": "1981-10-10", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Kathy is not attracted to her husband John anymore, and Linda can\u2019t get horny for her husband Neil, who happens to work as a women\u2019s lingerie salesman. Psychologist Dr. William sends Linda and Neil to Dr. Jim Matlock, a sexologist who runs a quaint forest ranch that serves a safe place for impotent and frigid couples to spend their weekend hideaways and give in to any sexual desires they have. John and Kathy join them there as well as Stephen and Maria, another couple that\u2019s dealing with frigidity. Jim\u2019s gorgeous platinum blond neighbor Heidi seduces Neil. Jim spikes Stephen and Maria\u2019s drinks for a threesome. Meanwhile, in the nearby carpenter shop Skip, the owner, and his tomboy assistant Arlene have a fight after Skip once again hits on Arlene and she once again angrily refuses his advances. She leaves in anger, runs into Kathy and immediately seduces her. John, who went bird watching, catches them in the act which makes him so horny he starts giving himself a blow job. Linda sees \u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sTOBlHql8qMeAahuioZTNYu7F68.jpg", "actors": ["Lisa De Leeuw (Cindy)", "Vanessa del Rio (Maria)", "Paul Thomas (Dr. Jim Matlock)", "Herschel Savage (Neil)", "Brooke West (Linda)", "Billy Dee (Stephen)", "Tigr (Arlene)", "Pippi Anderson (Heidi)", "Reggie Gunn (Skip)", "John Ogden (Dr. William)", "Kathy Harcourt (Kathy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}