{"tmdb_id": 59401, "title": "The Red Badge of Courage", "original_title": "The Red Badge of Courage", "slug_title": "the-red-badge-of-courage", "date": "1951-03-16", "genre": "Drame / Guerre", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Au printemps 1862, alors que la Guerre Civile fait rage, le 304\u00e8me R\u00e9giment de l\u2019arm\u00e9e de l\u2019Union se morfond ; multipliant les exercices inutiles, rendus inquiets par le manque d\u2019informations sur les \u00e9v\u00e8nements et s\u2019ennuyant \u00e0 mourir \u00e0 force de ne pas avoir \u00e0 se battre, les jeunes volontaires n\u2019ont qu\u2019une h\u00e2te, partir au front. Pour certains comme Henry Fleming (Audie Murphy), ce sera le bapt\u00eame du feu ; tout en \u00e9tant impatient d\u2019en d\u00e9coudre en livrant sa premi\u00e8re bataille, lorsque le moment fatidique arrive la peur s\u2019empare de lui. Lors du second assaut des Conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9s d\u00e9valant d\u2019une colline avec force cris, le soldat prend ses jambes \u00e0 son cou et, tournant le dos \u00e0 l\u2019ennemi, s\u2019enfuit \u00e0 perdre haleine. Il se cache dans des fourr\u00e9s et tarde un peu \u00e0 reprendre ses esprits ; il croise d\u2019interminables colonnes de bless\u00e9s qui s\u2019\u00e9loignent du front et, parmi eux, l\u2019un de ses camarades qui meurt dans ses bras. Il ne s\u2019en met pas moins \u00e0 envier ses derniers qui ne retourneront pas combattre...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/brbIbIIMnKutaWDTtnisVBEBrMb.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (The Youth)", "Bill Mauldin (The Loud Soldier)", "Douglas Dick (The Lieutenant)", "Robert Easton (Thompson)", "Arthur Hunnicutt (Bill Porter)", "Royal Dano ()", "John Dierkes ()", "Tim Durant ()", "Andy Devine ()", "William Phipps ()", "William Schallert ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "When Yellow Becomes Red.\r\n\r\n\r\nThe Red Badge of Courage is directed by John Huston who also co-adapts to screenplay with Albert Band from the novel of the same name written by Stephen Crane. It stars Audie Murphy, Bill Mauldin, Andy Devine, Robert Easton, Douglas Dick, Royal Dano, Arthur Hunnicutt and Tim Durant. Music is by Bronislau Kaper and cinematography by Harold Rosson. \r\n\r\nThe American Civil War and Union soldiers head South to confront the Confederate army. Young Henry Fleming (Murphy) is ill prepared for the horrors of war, so when the crunch comes he retreats from the first battle he\u2019s faced with and has a life choice of either being known as a coward, or find something from within to make him strong enough to return to the front line. \r\n\r\nNutshell History Of The Production. \r\n\r\nJohn Huston believed that this could have been his masterpiece, but an MGM power struggle saw the film butchered. A narration was insisted upon after poor test screenings, Huston washed his hands off the picture, while Lillian Ross produced a critically acclaimed book about the production. With no fanfare or bunting put out by the studio to promote the picture, the eventual 70 minute cut of the movie flopped as audiences didn\u2019t quite like the tonal flows of the piece. Over time, even in its truncated form of just under 70 minutes, pic has garnered praise to become something of a classic as it stands, while also being considered as a lost masterpiece due to the cut material apparently being lost forever. \r\n\r\nBeautifully photographed by Rosson, it\u2019s a film that has often been tagged as some sort of arty exercise. Yet it never once feels like it has ideas above its station, it quite simply is a very intimate and touching portrayal of Americans fighting Americans. It doesn\u2019t soft soap anything, deftly imbuing the narrative with the awfulness of the war and the effect on those wearing the uniforms. The period design is superb, the battle sequences crafted with great skill by Huston, and in Murphy the pic has a great fulcrum for youthful confusion acted with a skill that many still think he didn\u2019t have. \r\n\r\nUp close and personal, with raw emotional seeping from its pores, The Red Badge of Courage is a potent exercise in war film making. As Audie stands there at culmination of battle charge, holding in his hands the battered flags of both the Union and the Confederacy, the impact is quite something to behold. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [52859, 109151, 92819, 103215]}