{"tmdb_id": 59427, "title": "Ring of Bright Water", "original_title": "Ring of Bright Water", "slug_title": "ring-of-bright-water", "date": "1969-06-18", "genre": ["Drame / Familial"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Whoever said dog is man's best friend never met Mij! Mij is a cute, cuddly pet shop otter who captures the heart of Graham Merill (Bill Travers). It doesn't take Graham long to realize that London is no place to raise a slippery otter. So he takes Mij to live in a ramshackle cottage on the coast of Scotland. Together they set out to explore the curious and magnificent natural wonders that surround their seaside home--from orphaned geese to tooth-less sharks. While Mij spends his days frolicking in the icy cold sea, Graham finds himself falling in love with the beautiful town doctor, Mary (Virginia McKenna). Before long, the three become inseparable friends.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4977B8LxMmzh5x2PJplRoREOw2M.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Travers (Graham Merrill)", "Virginia McKenna (Mary MacKenzie)", "Peter Jeffrey (Colin Wilcox)", "Jameson Clark (Storekeeper)", "Helena Gloag (Mrs. Flora Elrich)", "Willie Joss (Lighthouse keeper)", "Roddy McMillan (Bus driver)", "Jean Taylor Smith (Mrs. Sarah Chambers)", "Christopher Benjamin (Fishmonger)", "Kevin Collins (Fisherman)", "Archie Duncan (Road mender)", "June Ellis (Barmaid)", "Philippa Gail (Pet stall girl)", "Tommy Godfrey (Ticket seller)", "Walter Hall ()", "Bill Horsley (Timid man)", "Phil McCall (Frank)", "Philip Morant ()", "Michael O'Halloran (Herman)", "John Young (Guard)", "James Gibson (Sleeping car attendant (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [241889, 80382, 61574, 47447], "youtube_key": "Cvop3ayFwBA"}