{"tmdb_id": 594794, "title": "Lovely Young Tracy 2", "original_title": "Lovely Young Tracy 2", "slug_title": "lovely-young-tracy-2", "date": "1985-06-19", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The sex symbol Tracy Lords, is an erotic natural wonder. Her fabulously beautiful breasts and her young body screaming for sex eroticize her lovers to the limit of what is possible. The slightly naive Karen, neglected by her husband, finds sexual high spirits with Debbie, a bisexual superwoman who wants only one thing: the absolute climax for herself and her partner. Jane loves leather and whip like a half starved spider, captivating her victims and forcing her from one orgasm to another. Sandy Miller loves her Greg, who massages her sensitively before every sexual intercourse. Sandy arranges a party for her former college girlfriends what happens there, you can only witness. Mannequins of the international scene charm and enchant the thirsty lustful and fill them with a tingling serenade of eroticism. In this world Tracy lives, she also loves her Tom but her feelings are so excited that there is no drug that satisfies her more than sex.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bd7SsSiQG9XXTZZHChBmyhI0mlA.jpg", "actors": ["Traci Lords (Tracy)", "Christy Canyon (Jane)", "Billy Dee (Tom)", "Kimberly Carson (Sandy)", "Heather Wayne (Karen)", "Sheri St. Clair (Debbie)", "Dan T. Mann (Scott)", "Roxanne Rollan (Sheila)", "Tom Byron (Stan)", "Eric Edwards (Greg)", "Michael Jeffries (Bill)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}