{"tmdb_id": 595820, "title": "Sorry About Your Wife", "original_title": "Sorry About Your Wife", "slug_title": "sorry-about-your-wife", "date": "2018-05-15", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "\"Sorry About Your Wife\" is a short dark comedy about a man learning of his wife's infidelity, at some swanky Hollywood pool party. That man is Felix. Felix is not someone who seeks confrontation. If he had a super power, it'd be his ability to roll with the punches, to bend like a willow, to not rise to every challenge or provocation like some jumped up, testosterone-fueled frat boy. Felix has always thought of this as his greatest strength, it's his armor and what makes him such a nice guy. Though when Felix finally learns of his wife's infidelity, surrounded by all the superficial glitz and glamour of some Hollywood pool party, he suddenly comes to a realization. The realization, that deep down, what this actually makes him, is a doormat, a loser, a putz. But right now, in this moment, he has a chance to do something about it, to show what he's made of, to completely break the mold and become the person he's always dreamed of being.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rJk8HsJexpzeezDLQoo6Tggh2pQ.jpg", "actors": ["P. J. Byrne (Felix)", "Jon Briddell (Max Barrington)", "Jean Carol (Silver Vixen)", "JoAnna de Castro (Party Goer)", "Brittany Christine Fetkin (Party Goer)", "Stacy Howell (Bubbly Woman)", "Jean Miller (Silver Vixen)", "Stasia Patwell (Sandra)", "Rudolph Whitcomb (Silver Fox)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}