{"tmdb_id": 5961, "title": "Fanny et Alexandre", "original_title": "Fanny och Alexander", "slug_title": "fanny-et-alexandre", "date": "1982-12-17", "genre": ["Fantastique / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "En Su\u00e8de, au d\u00e9but du XXe si\u00e8cle. Helena Ekdahl, propri\u00e9taire du th\u00e9\u00e2tre d'Uppsala, a invit\u00e9 sa famille et ses amis pour de somptueuses festivit\u00e9s de No\u00ebl. Ses trois fils sont pr\u00e9sents, Oscar, com\u00e9dien m\u00e9diocre, Gustav Adolf, \u00e9ternel coureur de jupons, et Carl, un professeur alcoolique. Parmi les petits-enfants qui prennent joyeusement part \u00e0 la f\u00eate, Fanny et Alexandre. Au cours d'une r\u00e9p\u00e9tition, leur p\u00e8re, Oscar, est victime d'une h\u00e9morragie c\u00e9r\u00e9brale. Sa mort soudaine jette la consternation dans la famille Ekdahl. L'\u00e9v\u00eaque Edvard Vergerus c\u00e9l\u00e8bre les fun\u00e9railles. Il s\u00e9duit Emilie, la jeune veuve, et bient\u00f4t l'\u00e9pouse, au grand effroi des enfants, qui redoutent son puritanisme obsessionnel...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zZVkPy2PJuWWZbYGXG38a1nZp7l.jpg", "actors": ["Bertil Guve (Alexander Ekdahl)", "Pernilla Allwin (Fanny Ekdahl)", "Allan Edwall (Oscar Ekdahl)", "Ewa Fr\u00f6ling (Emilie Ekdahl)", "Erland Josephson (Isak Jacobi)", "Jan Malmsj\u00f6 (Bishop Edvard Vergerus)", "Gunn W\u00e5llgren (Helena Ekdahl)", "B\u00f6rje Ahlstedt (Carl Ekdahl)", "Harriet Andersson (Justina)", "Gunnar Bj\u00f6rnstrand (Filip Landahl)", "Stina Ekblad (Ismael Retzinsky)", "Mats Bergman (Aron Retzinsky)", "Pernilla August (Maj)", "Mona Malm (Alma Ekdahl)", "Jarl Kulle (Gustav Adolf Ekdahl)", "Christina Schollin (Lydia Ekdahl)", "Kerstin Tidelius (Henrietta Vergeus)", "Inga \u00c5lenius (Lisen)", "Hugo Hasslo (Glee - a singer)", "Kristina Adolphson (Siri)", "Kristian Almgren (Putte Ekdahl)", "Carl Billquist (Police Superintendent Jespersson)", "Axel D\u00fcberg (Witness to Bishop's Death)", "Siv Ericks (Alida)", "Patricia G\u00e9lin (Statue)", "Majlis Granlund (Miss Vega)", "Maria Granlund (Petra Ekdahl)", "Eva von Hanno (Berta)", "Sonya Hedenbratt (Aunt Emma)", "Olle Hilding (Old Clergyman)", "Svea Holst (Miss Ester)", "K\u00e4bi Laretei (Aunt Anna von Bohlen)", "Lena Olin (Rosa)", "G\u00f6sta Pr\u00fczelius (Doctor F\u00fcrstenberg)", "Hans Str\u00e5\u00e5t (Clergyman at Wedding)", "Emelie Werk\u00f6 (Jenny Ekdahl)", "Marianne Aminoff (Blenda Verg\u00e9rus)", "Mona Andersson (Karna)", "Hans Henrik Lerfeldt (Elsa Bergius)", "Marianne Nielsen (Selma)", "Marrit Ohlsson (Malla Tander)", "Anna Bergman (Hanna Schwart)", "Nils Brandt (Mr. Morsing)", "Lars-Owe Carlberg (Glee Singer)", "Gus Dahlstr\u00f6m (Props man)", "Ernst G\u00fcnther (Rector Magnificus)", "Heinz Hopf (Tomas Graal)", "Sune Mangs (Mr. Salenius)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Released in 1982 in a 5-hour version for Swedish television and cut to 180 minutes for theatrical release, <i>Fanny and Alexander</i> was meant to be Ingmar Bergman's last film. Though the great auteur lived on another 25 years and even wrote and directed some smaller projects, <i>Fanny and Alexander</i> can still be seen as a great capstone to decades of legendary cinema.\r\n\r\nFANNY AND Alexander deals with the great two preoccupations of Bergman's career, namely the absence of God and the unbridgeable gaps between human beings, but the result is wonderfully life-affirming. Fanny and Alexander are the children of Oscar and Emilie Ekdahl, actors in Uppsala circa 1907, but the film gives a panorama of the extended Ekdahl family, presided over by grandmother Helena, uncles Gustav Adolf (a restaurateur and the film's most comedic presence) and Carl (a professor who has fallen into debt and is trapped in a loveless marriage), their wives and children, and the selfless Jewish shopkeeper Isak Jacobi. This Swedish family lives in an Old World opulence that is hard to believe for audiences today, especially for a country whose class system by and large disappeared after the war. The rigid interaction among people not closely acquainted and the deference of servants to their employers make for gestures as alien to us 21st century viewers as a Noh play.\r\n\r\nIn a way, <i>Fanny and Alexander</i> is like those big novels of a century ago, by Tolstoy or Galsworthy, dealing with the vicissitudes of a whole family. The vaster family drama, however, is only a backdrop to a more personal one: Fanny and Alexander are soon orphaned, and their widowed mother eventually remarries, this time with a cruel clergyman. The children move from the freedom and comfort of the Ekdahl home to the austere bishop's place, where the children are punished for the slightest infraction by beatings or being locked up in the attic. The Ekdahls' torment living under the bishop is the great crisis of the film, and their unexpected liberation from it presents Alexander with a burden that he will carry into his budding manhood.\r\n\r\nThe original television version is the way to see Bergman's final masterpiece. Don't be daunted by the length: 5 hours should not be a problem in an age when people will watch an entire season of a sitcom in one sitting. <i>Fanny and Alexander</i> is not slow, meditative cinema like, say, Andrei Tarkovsky or B\u00e9la Tarr, but rather Bergman is always presenting the viewer with some engaging little drama. The theatrical cut, which Bergman made only with the greatest regret, is a very different (and much weaker film), cutting out much of the film's magical realism, the touching meditations on growing old represented by the character of the grandmother, and some vivid depictions of early 20th-century Sweden."}], "recommandations_id": [614, 797, 10238, 405], "youtube_key": "IkszXVEUHco"}