{"tmdb_id": 597190, "title": "Joshilaay", "original_title": "Joshilaay", "slug_title": "joshilaay", "date": "1989-01-10", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Western"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Dara and Karan, the sons of two of the victims of dacoit Jogi Thakur, wait many years to exact their revenge. When the Thakur's colleague Raja Singh cheats him and runs away with his loot, Jogi is arrested and sentenced for life imprisonment. Years later Jogi escapes from the prison to get hold of Raja and take back his booty, but finds his face on all the posters in the village to find him dead or alive with a reward of fifty thousand rupees. When Karan gets to know Jogi has escaped he goes looking for him. Dara also join hands with Karan to even the score with the dreaded dacoit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/JODkcrpRtI3wP62J0uIg60FvQ6.jpg", "actors": ["Sunny Deol (Dara)", "Anil Kapoor (Karan)", "Meenakshi Seshadri (Mangala)", "Sridevi (Gulabo)", "Kulbhushan Kharbanda (Raja Singh)", "Rajesh Vivek (Jogi Thakur)", "Satish Kaushik (Bachoo Lal)", "Hemant Mishra (Surkhiya)", "Anirudh Agarwal (Damroo)", "Satyendra Kapoor (Circus Manager)", "Bharat Bhushan (Mangala's Father)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "soumypr", "content": "The movie has a good story line and Sunny Deol performs well with Anil Kapoor. It is a bit stretched but the dust, horses, guns, and villages are worth watching. The plot is quite good and the movie has a Jaanbaaz sort of a feel. The dacoits are back with a bang and the old blues of horses and guns make me feel good. Overall, you wont say that you wasted time or it wasn't worth it. It can be a good weekend watch if you are interested in 1980's Indian cinema. You cannot compare it with any Hollywood movie but Shekhar Kapur does a good job in bringing the reality of Indian villages to life, and what does it feel like to stay there with dacoits all over the place."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}