{"tmdb_id": 59728, "title": "The 5th Quarter", "original_title": "The 5th Quarter", "slug_title": "the-5th-quarter", "date": "2011-03-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "In the wake of a car crash that killed his brother, football player Jon Abbate leads his school's struggling team to its most successful season ever.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dcIFgCkNn2bMA0GAouSCrLLVVxt.jpg", "actors": ["Aidan Quinn (Steven Abbate)", "Andie MacDowell (Maryanne Abbate)", "Ryan Merriman (Jon Abbate)", "Michael Harding (Coach Jim Grobe)", "Stacy Earl (Joan Marie)", "Matt McGrath (Adam Abbate)", "Jillian Batherson (Haley Scott)", "Anessa Ramsey (Lynn Garber)", "Sammy Nagi Njuguna (Josh Gattis)", "Stefan Guy (Luke Abbate)", "Micah Andrews (Himself)", "Mandy Manis (Rachel Abbate)", "Josh Smith (Steve Justice)", "Jason Drago (Officer #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ultimatemoviereview", "content": "The Ultimate Movie Review! - http://tss5078.blogspot.com - @tss5078 - February 13, 2006, was a normal winter's day in a small suburb of Atlanta. Luke Abbate, a 15 year old High School Lacrosse star, accepts a ride home from a teammate. On the way the new driver decides to show off his driving skills by flying down the street at 90 MPH, when he loses control of the car. The car flies about 70 feet, injuring all the passengers and killing young Luke. It's a nightmare story that all families fear, when their kids start driving, the only difference about Luke's story is that it really happened. The 5th Quarter is a film dedicated to Luke's memory and tells the story of his family in the wake of such tragedy. As the film plays out, it starts to lean away from tragedy and toward triumph, the triumph of the 2006 Wake Forrest Championship Football team. There captain was John Abbate, Luke's brother. The team was supposed to finish dead last, but wound up having a miracle season. It is a story that was so well done, that it couldn't have been anything but a true story. I don't think any writer could have thought of a story like this. Ryan Merriman stars, once again in a sports drama, and of all his performances that I've seen, this had to be the strongest. Not only does he show tremendous athletic ability, but he takes the audience of a roller-coaster ride of emotion. Merriman was so good, that he even had a cold hearted cynic like myself, tearing up. Aidan Quinn and Andie McDowell play the matriarchs of the Abbate family, giving outstanding performances. They made the audience see and feel just what it was like for the Abbate family. Most films are meant to entertain, but the 5th Quarter does more than entertain, it tells a very important story and actually makes you feel something for the tragedies and hardships of other people. I was expecting to see a sports movies, instead I saw something that really made me think. Only the best the big screen has to offer can make you both think and feel for the characters."}], "recommandations_id": [241432, 96246, 63848, 265347], "youtube_key": "f7Tz0nq2OdI"}