{"tmdb_id": 59967, "title": "Looper", "original_title": "Looper", "slug_title": "looper", "date": "2012-09-26", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Dans un futur proche, la Mafia a mis au point un syst\u00e8me infaillible pour faire dispara\u00eetre tous les t\u00e9moins g\u00eanants. Elle exp\u00e9die ses victimes dans le pass\u00e9, \u00e0 notre \u00e9poque, o\u00f9 des tueurs d\u2019un genre nouveau (les \u00abLoopers\u00bb) les \u00e9liminent.  Un jour, l\u2019un d\u2019entre eux, Joe, d\u00e9couvre que la victime qu\u2019il doit ex\u00e9cuter n\u2019est autre que\u2026 lui-m\u00eame, avec 30 ans de plus. La machine si bien huil\u00e9e d\u00e9raille\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sNjL6SqErDBE8OUZlrDLkexfsCj.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Joe)", "Bruce Willis (Old Joe)", "Emily Blunt (Sara)", "Paul Dano (Seth)", "Noah Segan (Kid Blue)", "Piper Perabo (Suzie)", "Jeff Daniels (Abe)", "Pierce Gagnon (Cid)", "Xu Qing (Old Joe's Wife)", "Tracie Thoms (Beatrix)", "Frank Brennan (Old Seth)", "Garret Dillahunt (Jesse)", "Nick Gomez (Dale)", "Marcus Hester (Zach)", "Jon Eyez (Gat Man)", "Kevin Stillwell (Gat Man)", "Thirl Haston (Gat Man)", "James Landry H\u00e9bert (Looper)", "Kenneth Brown Jr. (Looper)", "Cody Wood (Looper)", "Adam Boyer (Tye)", "Jeff Chase (Tall Gat Man)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Bodega Owner)", "David Jensen (Apt Super)", "Kamden Beauchamp (Daniel)", "Josh Perry (Farm Vagrant)", "David Joseph Martinez (Old Dale)", "Wayne Dehart (Seth Vagrant)", "Ian Patrick (Beggar Kid)", "Craig Johnson (Big Craig)", "Robert Harvey (Parking Attendant)", "Sylvia Jefferies (Neighbor Girl)", "Rachel Acuna (Pedestrian)", "Lauren Alexandra (Waitress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "rookiebeotch", "content": "movie was a little slow and drawn out.  action was ok but story was little weak."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I am normally fairly hesitant concerning time-travel movies because it is next to impossible to get them right. They more or less always become very unrealistic and full of paradoxes. I would almost go as far as to say that producers making serious (non-comedy) time travel movies are the ones that are scientifically too stupid to realise that it is just going to be a mess, or they do not really care about the issues hoping that the audience also will not care.\r\n\r\nThis movie is really proof of this. It is full of paradoxes and annoying \u201cbut if this happened now then that couldn\u2019t have happened then and vice versa\u201d. Maybe some people can force themselves overlooking these things but I have some difficulty doing so. I fully agree with the statement that one of the characters in the movie was making: \u201c\"This time travel crap, just fries your brain like an egg\u2026\".\r\n\r\nAnyway, trying to pierce through the cloud of time-travel issues and enjoy the movie, it is not a bad movie. Given that it really had no chance of succeeding in the science area, or have a plot which didn\u2019t defy all logic (time travel you know) it does indeed make a valiant try to entertain. It is not one of Bruce Willies standard all-out action-filled roller-coasters. That is not to say that there is no action but there is also plenty of time for trying to actually tell the story in the movie. The movie is actually quite dark and melancholic. The future seems to be fairly dirty, run down and ridden with criminal organisations.\r\n\r\nAs if time-travel itself wasn\u2019t bad enough the story also involves 10% of the population having developed psychic powers. Most of them good for nothing except cheap show tricks like levitating small objects. Most of them\u2026except our future crime lord which of course is found to have super-psychic powers. Also, of course, the kid had to behave like a spoiled brat with anger problems which was somewhat annoying.\r\n\r\nThe ending, which I will not divulge here of course, was not very surprising and left quite a few open questions. On the whole I would say that the movie was entertaining but it is far from going on my top ten list."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The plot is full of flaws. Quite like a even worse inception."}], "recommandations_id": [64635, 70981, 49040, 49049], "youtube_key": "0uIWGOKW5OM"}