{"tmdb_id": 60009, "title": "The Shadow Men", "original_title": "The Shadow Men", "slug_title": "the-shadow-men", "date": "1997-09-24", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Happily married couple Bob and Dez Wilson and their 12-year old son Andy are being attacked by a blinding light when driving home from a daytrip. They awaken a couple of hours later, seemingly unscathed but soon driven mad by recurring nightmares. It soon appears that they have been abducted by aliens as proved by their sons handycam that had suddenly started running right after the incident. This mysterious fact is discovered by even more mysterious Men In Black who start nagging the family up to the point of threatening to kill them. Laughed at by the police the threesome seek refuge at sf-writer Stan Mills' house and start fighting back.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hBaR548OuaCAtglXZWbHu31dVIz.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Roberts (Bob Wilson)", "Sherilyn Fenn (Dez Wilson)", "Dean Stockwell (Stan Mills)", "Brendon Ryan Barrett (Andy Wilson)", "Andrew Prine (MIB #1)", "Chris McCarty (MIB #2)", "Tom Poster (MIB #3)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SkippyTexas77", "content": "It seems not a single person behind-the-scenes on this project strived to make it anything more than passable. That's not to say the film is bad -- it isn't. It's not great either. It's just... *Meh*\r\n\r\nThere were opportunities in the script for curve balls to be thrown at the audience, but the filmmakers declined. They stuck to the formula, never veered off the path of familiarity, and gave us the plot completely by the numbers. This is the type of movie that you can flip on at any time and not really pay attention, never having to worry if you'll miss any key plot points.\r\n\r\nI'm a fan of Eric Roberts and find him enjoyable in even the worst of movies, so having him in the cast definitely helped.\r\n\r\nAnd kudos to the filmmakers for playing off the ridiculously awful alien costumes for realism. They looked awful, but worked in that \"so cheesy it's fun\" sort of way."}], "recommandations_id": [112328], "youtube_key": "oBqgykQ_RTQ"}