{"tmdb_id": 600, "title": "Full Metal Jacket", "original_title": "Full Metal Jacket", "slug_title": "full-metal-jacket", "date": "1987-06-26", "genre": "Drame / Guerre", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la guerre du Vietnam, la pr\u00e9paration et l'entrainement d'un groupe de jeunes marines, jusqu'au terrible bapt\u00eame du feu et la sanglante offensive du Tet \u00e0 Hue, en 1968.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wNImUY185y8cCEHNJeXgsdB0rC.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Modine (Pvt. Joker)", "Adam Baldwin (Animal Mother)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Pvt. Pyle)", "R. Lee Ermey (Gny. Sgt. Hartman)", "Dorian Harewood (Eightball)", "Arliss Howard (Pvt. Cowboy)", "Kevyn Major Howard (Rafterman)", "Ed O'Ross (Lt. Touchdown)", "John Terry (Lt. Lockhart)", "Bruce Boa (Poge Colonel)", "Kieron Jecchinis (Crazy Earl)", "Jon Stafford (Doc Jay)", "Tim Colceri (Doorgunner)", "Peter Edmund (Snowball)", "Kirk Taylor (Payback)", "Ian Tyler (Lt. Cleves)", "Gary Landon Mills (Donlon)", "Sal Lopez (T.H.E. Rock)", "Papillon Soo (Da Nang Hooker)", "Ngoc Le (VC Sniper)", "Tan Hung Francione (ARVN Pimp)", "Marcus D'Amico (Hand Job)", "Costas Dino Chimona (Chili)", "Keith Hodiak (Daddy D.A.)", "Peter Merrill (TV Journalist)", "Herbert Norville (Daytona Dave)", "Leanne Hong (Motorbike Hooker)", "Duc Hu Ta (Dead N.V.A.)", "Nguyen Hue Phong (Camera Thief)", "Gil Kopel (Stork)", "Philip Bailey (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "John Curtis (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Bob Eric Hart (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Steve Hudson (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Del Anderson (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Chris Maybach (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Gary Smith (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Michael Anthony Williams (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "John Wilson (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Kevin Albridge (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Martin Adams (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Louis Barlotti (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "John Beddows (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Patrick Benn (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Steve Boucher (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Adrian Bush (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Gary Cheeseman (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Tony Carey (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Wayne Clark (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Chris Cornibert (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Danny Cornibert (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "John Davis (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Harry Davies (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Gordon Duncan (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Phil Elmer (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Colin Elvis (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Hadrian Follett (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Sean Frank (Parris Island Recruit and Vietnam Platoon)", "Vivian Kubrick (News Camera Operator at Mass Grave (uncredited))", "Stanley Kubrick (Murphy (voice) (uncredited))", "David Palffy (Mass Grave Soldier (uncredited))", "John Ward (TV Camera Operator (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ian Beale", "content": "**The second half is better than the first half.**\r\n\r\nA film of two halves. \r\n\r\nThe first half of the fiim focuses on the training of raw recruits and features shenanigans we have seen countless times before - think _Stripes_ and _Police Academy_.\r\n\r\nThe persecution of the fat guy - a scenario we had already witnessed in Stripes and Police Academy ( \"_I could show a movie on your butt, fatso_!\"- Lt Harris, Police Academy) is here played out to maximum effect. The fat guy who freezes atop a climbing frame is the central plot here with Matthew Modine's character playing second fiddle to all of the _Leslie Barbara_ stuff.\r\n\r\nThe second half of the movie at least gives us something we were not expecting when a sniper's identity is revealed.\r\n\r\n\r\n- Ian Beale"}, {"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Released in 1986, <i>Full Metal Jacket</i> is Stanley Kubrick's film about Vietnam, adapted from a novel by the reclusive and bitter Vietnam veteran Gustav Harford, and then further expanded by acclaimed Vietnam journalist Michael Herr.\r\n\r\nThe film breaks down neatly into two very different parts, though both are seen through the eyes of young United States marine J. T. \"Joker\" Davis (Matthew Modine). In the first act, Davis makes his way through Marine basic training with a motley group of other recruits under the hellish command of gunnery sergeant Hartmann (R. Lee Ermey). Joker watches as Hartmann bullies an overweight and dim-witted recruit cruelly nicknamed Gomer Pyle (Vincent D'Onofrio), until Pyle explodes into murderous revenge. In the second act, now set in Vietnam where Joker is doing a tour of duty as a military journalist, the protagonist and his fellow Marines find themselves on the front line during the Tet Offensive and Joker witnesses firsthand the savagery of war.\r\n\r\nFew films consist of such drastically opposed parts that differ in setting and tone and don\u2019t have any overlapping characters besides the protagonist (and one minor character from the boot camp scenes). <i>Full Metal Jacket</i> has often disappointed viewers because the first half is so thrilling that it proves a hard act to follow. That's all down to R.&nbsp;Lee Ermey, who actually was a drill instructor during Vietnam and initially served only as a technical consultant before Kubrick decided to let him play the role and improvise. Ermey acts with a white-hot intensity, realism, and brilliantly worded insults and obscenities that no screenwriter could ever have come up with.\r\n\r\nAs a young man, I too felt that the film was a letdown once it moved past the witty quips and goofy camaraderie of the boot camp scenes. With time, however, my appreciation for the film as a whole has only grown. The two-part structure now seems to be a strong yin-yang structure: the first act is a vision of order, while the second is all chaos. Furthermore, the second half is a moving statement of how war is often senseless. Joker and his squad, while on patrol for an enemy they cannot even identify and whose ideology or culture they know hardly anything of, begin to be targeted by a sniper. Several men perish before the sniper is found and neutralized, and all that death is pointless: it doesn't contribute in any way to victory for either side. The brutality of World War I trench warfare, where dozens of men could perish for merely a foot of conquered ground, is shown to have persisted through the American quagmire in Southeast Asia.\r\n\r\nThat said, the film does have its flaws. One is the unrealistic depiction of the Vietnamese landscape. Kubrick had a great fear or dislike of foreign travel, and he insisted on shooting the whole film in East London. Having merely a few palm trees shipped in is a poor replacement for a real Southeast Asian shooting location with its humidity and insects, and in the scene that is meant to show a lively Vietnamese town square Kubrick obviously had the same few cars driving around in circles. It's strange how a director who was generally so perfectionist, could be so careless about locales (this only got worse with his next and last film, <i>Eyes Wide Shut</i>, with its inauthentic stage set New York City). There are also some anachronisms that this director and his technical advisors should have noticed.\r\n\r\nStill, even a flawed Kubrick film is classic cinema."}], "recommandations_id": [28, 185, 103, 792]}