{"tmdb_id": 60285, "title": "Alvarez Kelly", "original_title": "Alvarez Kelly", "slug_title": "alvarez-kelly", "date": "1966-10-06", "genre": "Action / Guerre / Western", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "En pleine guerre de s\u00e9cession, Alvarez Kelly, un \u00e9leveur d'origine irlandaise livre un troupeau \u00e0 la plantation Warwick, afin de ravitailler l'arm\u00e9e de Lincoln. Mais Alvarez Kelly est kidnapp\u00e9 par le colonel Lassiter de l'arm\u00e9e conf\u00e9d\u00e9r\u00e9e, avec l'aide de Charity Warwick. Il veut que Kelly entra\u00eene ses hommes \u00e0 conduire un troupeau.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gfanwcX1ezwgRy1sfgq6t6sxsx0.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Alvarez Kelly)", "Richard Widmark (Col. Tom Rossiter)", "Janice Rule (Liz Pickering)", "Patrick O'Neal (Maj. Albert Stedman)", "Victoria Shaw (Charity Warwick)", "Roger C. Carmel (Capt. Angus Ferguson)", "Richard Rust (Sgt. Hatcher)", "Arthur Franz (Capt. Towers)", "Don Barry (Lt. Farrow)", "Harry Carey, Jr. (Cpl. Peterson)", "Duke Hobbie (John Beaurider)", "Howard Caine (McIntyre)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "In every war...in every age...the forgotten weapon is food....\r\n\r\nAlvarez Kelly is directed by Edward Dmytryk and stars William Holden & Richard Widmark. It's written by Elliott Arnold & Franklin Coen (Dan Taradash uncredited for tidying it up), the locations for the shoot are Baton Rouge & Clinton, Louisiana, with Joseph MacDonald on photography (Panavision). Story is apparently based on a true US Civil War incident in 1864, it sees Alvarez Kelly (Holden) kidnapped by Confederate's led by Tom Rossiter (Widmark) and forced to drive a herd of Union owned cattle to the hungry Reb troops in Richmond.\r\n\r\nSlow moving and blighted by a tepid script, Alvarez Kelly relies on its stars and photography to keep it out the trough. Evidently the makers were going for a social conscious piece based around an historical incident. All that is achieved is an overly talky piece, with periods of inane conversations; that is only briefly lit up by its action packed finale. And even then it can be argued that the \"battle for the bridge\" and the subsequent \"stampede\" isn't worth waiting 90 minutes for. The acting is solid, where Holden plays a role he could do in his sleep, and Widmark, sporting an eye patch, convinces as a rough and ready Colonel. Most pleasing is MacDonald's photography, not just for capturing the essence of the barren South in Baton Rouge, but also his choice of lenses for the top notch costuming (take a bow Seth Banks) afforded the ladies of the piece (Janice Rule & Victoria Shaw). There's a lovely print for this film, where in High Definition the colours positively ping from the screen.\r\n\r\nDmytryk (Broken Lance/Warlock), Holden (The Horse Soldiers/The Wild Bunch) & Widmark (The Last Wagon/Cheyenne Autumn) owe Western fans nothing, but this is one from the three guys that's easily forgotten once the end credit rolls. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [83099, 43348, 60646, 4938]}