{"tmdb_id": 6029, "title": "Secret of the Blackbirds", "original_title": "\u0422\u0430\u0439\u043d\u0430 \u00ab\u0427\u0435\u0440\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u0434\u0440\u043e\u0437\u0434\u043e\u0432\u00bb", "slug_title": "secret-of-the-blackbirds", "date": "1983-11-11", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Mr. Fortescue, owner of a big company, unexpectedly dies. The autopsy shows that he has been poisoned. Nobody actually loved him, and even his family members had their reasons to kill him. But who really did it? And who is responsable for killing his young servant and his wife within the next couple of days? Of course the only person who can answer this question is Ms. Marple. And of course, the murderer is the person you least expected it to be.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kfCYq2QFiuGAt2vEvoqgJgXpoOj.jpg", "actors": ["Ita Ever (Miss Jane Marple)", "Vladimir Sedov (Inspector Neele)", "Lyubov Polishchuk (Adele Fortescue)", "Yuri Belyayev (Percival Fortescue)", "Yelena Sanayeva (Jennifer Fortescue)", "Andrey Kharitonov (Lance Fortescue)", "Natalya Danilova (Patricia Fortescue)", "Yelena Ivochkina (Ellen)", "Elza Radzina (Miss Ramsbotten)", "Boris Novikov (Mr. Crump)", "Mariya Barabanova (Mrs. MacKenzie)", "Lembit Ulfsak (Gerald Wright)", "Irina Mazurkevich (Gladys Martin)", "Aleksandr Pyatkov (Sergeant Hay)", "Nina Agapova (Mrs. Griffith)", "Vladimir Zeldin (Kommissar)", "Veronika Izotova (o.A.)", "Yuriy Moroz (o.A.)", "Tamara Nosova (Mrs. Crump)", "Vsevolod Sanayev (Mr. Rex Fortescue)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [84821, 56477, 165095, 37174], "youtube_key": "notfound"}