{"tmdb_id": 60304, "title": "Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters", "original_title": "Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters", "slug_title": "hansel-gretel-witch-hunters", "date": "2013-01-17", "genre": "Fantastique / Horreur / Action", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Li\u00e9s par le sang, Hansel et Gretel ont aujourd\u2019hui soif de vengeance, et ils s\u2019en donnent \u00e0 c\u0153ur joie. Pourtant, sans le savoir, ils sont d\u00e9sormais victimes d\u2019une menace bien plus grande que leurs ennemis : leur pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hQxcPrDoo6SLob0l3N1RIyznry6.jpg", "actors": ["Jeremy Renner (Hansel)", "Gemma Arterton (Gretel)", "Famke Janssen (Muriel)", "Pihla Viitala (Mina)", "Derek Mears (Edward)", "Peter Stormare (Berringer)", "Thomas Mann (Ben Wosser)", "Ingrid Bols\u00f8 Berdal (Horned Witch)", "Zo\u00eb Bell (Tall Witch)", "Joanna Kulig (Red Haired Witch)", "Monique Ganderton (Candy Witch)", "Stephanie Corneliussen (Desert Witch)", "Christian Rubeck (Tracker Jonathan)", "Thomas Scharff (Father)", "Kathrin K\u00fchnel (Adrianna)", "Cedric Eich (Young Hansel)", "Alea Sophia Boudodimos (Young Gretel)", "Matthias Ziesing (Deputy)", "Sebastian H\u00fclk (Deputy)", "Vegar Hoel (Gamekeeper)", "Jeppe Beck Laursen (Tracker William)", "Stig Frode Henriksen (Mute Tracker)", "Rainer Bock (B\u00fcrgermeister Englemann)", "Rose Wakesho (Witch)", "Lucy Ella von Scheele (Mary Behlmer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Nice fantasy and action movie. Interesting to see again Gemma Arterton and good FX but nothing else to remark."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a movie which you watch for the action and the special effects and pretty much nothing else. As such it is a excellent movie. The original story of Hansel & Gretel is essentially only used to boot this movie. The movie itself plays out when Hansel & Gretel are adult witch hunters.\r\n\r\nThe movie is pretty much action all the way. It is fairly violent and goory action at that. It is not a movie for the kids. To me this is an advantage. I do not think I would have liked it as much if they had dumbed it down to a standard PG-rated Hollywood creation. I really enjoyed the hard-ass Hansel & Gretel duo kicking witch ass in so many way.\r\n\r\nThe special effects are not bad and the medieval yet kind of modern weaponry that Hansel & Gretel swings around are quite cool looking. Not very believable perhaps but then neither are witches so\u2026 The witches themselves are also fairly cool. Especially the witch-gathering near the end of the movie is indeed a grim (ha ha) collection of freaky creatures.\r\n\r\nI was not too thrilled about the idiot law keeper. His utter stupidity bugged me throughout the entire movie. I really whished they would have dragged out the end for him a bit more. Well he did meet a suitable end at least.\r\n\r\nOverall, I enjoyed this movie a lot. If you though this was to be \u201cjust\u201d a Hansel & Gretel movie the you are probably going to be disappointed. I knew more or less what I went for so I was just enjoying myself. I was surprised at the level of gore, exploding heads, troll-squished humans etc\u2026 but, as I said above, I think it was a good thing that they did let it be done in the way the producer/director obviously intended for it to be made."}], "recommandations_id": [81005, 68728, 72331, 52520]}