{"tmdb_id": 603, "title": "Matrix", "original_title": "The Matrix", "slug_title": "matrix", "date": "1999-03-30", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Programmeur anonyme dans un service administratif le jour, Thomas Anderson devient Neo la nuit venue. Sous ce pseudonyme, il est l'un des pirates les plus recherch\u00e9s du cyber-espace. \u00c0 cheval entre deux mondes, Neo est assailli par d'\u00e9tranges songes et des messages crypt\u00e9s provenant d'un certain Morpheus. Celui-ci l'exhorte \u00e0 aller au-del\u00e0 des apparences et \u00e0 trouver la r\u00e9ponse \u00e0 la question qui hante constamment ses pens\u00e9es : qu'est-ce que la Matrice ? Nul ne le sait, et aucun homme n'est encore parvenu \u00e0 en percer les d\u00e9fenses. Mais Morpheus est persuad\u00e9 que Neo est l\u2019\u00c9lu, le lib\u00e9rateur mythique de l'humanit\u00e9 annonc\u00e9 selon la proph\u00e9tie. Ensemble, ils se lancent dans une lutte sans retour contre la Matrice et ses terribles agents...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/LCcZvB2Ynxg7JOQgviGwZ3l66L.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (Thomas A. Anderson / Neo)", "Laurence Fishburne (Morpheus)", "Carrie-Anne Moss (Trinity)", "Hugo Weaving (Agent Smith)", "Joe Pantoliano (Cypher)", "Gloria Foster (Oracle)", "Marcus Chong (Tank)", "Paul Goddard (Agent Brown)", "Robert Taylor (Agent Jones)", "Julian Arahanga (Apoc)", "Belinda McClory (Switch)", "Anthony Ray Parker (Dozer)", "Matt Doran (Mouse)", "Ada Nicodemou (DuJour)", "David Aston (Rhineheart)", "Marc Aden Gray (Choi)", "Deni Gordon (Priestess)", "Rowan Witt (Spoon Boy)", "Eleanor Witt (Potential)", "Tamara Brown (Potential)", "Janaya Pender (Potential)", "Adryn White (Potential)", "Natalie Tjen (Potential)", "Bill Young (Lieutenant)", "David O'Connor (FedEx Man)", "Jeremy Ball (Businessman)", "Fiona Johnson (Woman in Red)", "Harry Lawrence (Old Man)", "Steve Dodd (Blind Man)", "Luke Quinton (Security Guard)", "Lawrence Woodward (Guard)", "Michael Butcher (Cop Who Captures Neo)", "Bernard Ledger (Big Cop)", "Robert Simper (Cop)", "Chris Pattinson (Cop)", "Nigel Harbach (Parking Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "The Martix is a great example of a movie that will live for ever or a very log time. The story and concept are out of this world. Keanu Reeves plays his role with utter brilliance, the cast was very well put together and the graphics are still to this day amazing. All in all one of the best movies of all time."}, {"pseudo": "NeoBrowser", "content": "Get this: what if all we know as reality was, in fact, virtual reality? Reality itself is a ravaged dystopia run by technocrat Artificial Intelligence where humankind vegetates in billions of gloop-filled tanks - mere battery packs for the machineworld - being fed this late '90s VR (known as The Matrix - you with us here?) through an ugly great cable stuck in the back of our heads. And what if there was a group of quasi-spiritual rebels infiltrating The Matrix with the sole purpose of crashing the ruddy great mainframe and rescuing humans from their unknown purgatory? And, hey, what if Keanu Reeves was their Messiah?\r\n\r\nWhat sounds like some web freak's wet dream is, in fact, a dazzlingly nifty slice of sci-fi cool. The Wachowski Brothers (Andy and Larry - last seen dabbling in kinky lesbian noir with the excellent Bound) pulling off something like a million masterstrokes all at once. Taking the imprimatur of the video game, they meld the grungy noir of Blade Runner, the hyperkinetic energies of chopsocky, John Woo hardware and grandiose spiritual overtones into William Gibson's cyberpunk ethos to produce a new aesthetic for the millennium powered to the thudding beat of techno. And it is just incredible fun. The key is the technique of \"flo-mo\", a process born from Japanese animation, whereby an object in motion is seemingly frozen while the camera miraculously spins around it as if time and gravity are on hold. It grants the action (including some killer kung fu which Reeves and crew spent months perfecting) liberty to take on surreal visual highs. Superhuman feats permissible, of course, in the context of VR as the rebels download Herculean \"talents\" to fuel their subterfuge. Meanwhile, the audience can only gawp longingly, with its jaws thunking to the cinema floor in unison, as the heroes wrapped in skintight leather, sleek shades and designer cheekbones, spin up walls, leap from high rises and slip through streams of bullets in silken slo-mo. Tron this ain't.\r\n\r\nImmediately reigniting the moribund cyberpunk genre (the kids can't get enough Stateside), this has thrust Reeves from his imploding career back to Speed highs (and laying to rest the hideous ghost of Johnny Mnemonic) and stolen much more of Star Wars' thunder than was thought humanly possible. For all its loony plot, The Matrix is fabulous.\r\n\r\nSure, the expert Fishburne is depended upon to expound the lion's share of the script as seer-like rebel leader Morpheus. Reeves, stunning in his newcast slenderness, as Thomas \"Neo\" Anderson, the hacker turned hope for all mankind (care of some ill-defined mystical calling) is asked little more than perpetual befuddlement. Like Speed, though, this movie plays on his iconic looks rather than his oak-like emoting. There's a major find, too, in the irresistible Carrie-Anne Moss, a majestically wrought combination of steely no-shit intelligence and rock-chick vivaciousness as fellow tripper Trinity. And Weaving, cast against type, neutralises his Aussie tones to a freaky deadpan, the head of the MiB-styled defence system set against the Goth invaders.\r\n\r\nAnd sure, three minutes of post-movie deliberation and all this state-of-the-art cyberdevilry is reduced to the purest gobbledygook. That, though, is not the point. The Matrix is about pure experience; it's been many a moon since the Empire crew have spilled out of a cinema literally buzzing with the sensation of a movie, babbling frenetically with the sheer excitement of discovery.\r\n\r\nFrom head to tail, the deliciously inventive Wachowskis (watch them skyrocket) have delivered the syntax for a new kind of movie: technically mind-blowing, style merged perfectly with content and just so damn cool, the usher will have to drag you kicking and screaming back into reality. You can bet your bottom dollar George never saw this phantom menace coming.\r\n\r\n\r\nVerdict - The deliciously inventive Wachowskis have delivered the syntax for a new kind of movie: technically mind-blowing, style merged perfectly with content and just so damn cool.\r\n\r\n5/5\r\n\r\n- Ian Nathan, Empire Magazine"}, {"pseudo": "StbMDB", "content": "It was around 2001 that I first watched this film and recently giving it another go, ever since, doesn't change the fact for me that this movie is an timeless piece of filmaking. From the characters to the striking and thought-provoking story, it basically has everything to make an action film a 10/10 in a book."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Finally got to see this on the big screen thanks to the TIFF Bell Lightbox in glorious 35mm. My reaction: whoa!\r\n\r\nOn top of that, I was able to participate in a round table discussion over the film's technical innovations, thematic philosophies, religious metaphors, undertones of gender politics, and absolute ass-kicking action. Can a movie be any more perfect?"}], "recommandations_id": [604, 605, 280, 218]}