{"tmdb_id": 60512, "title": "Alice in Wasteland", "original_title": "Alice in Wasteland", "slug_title": "alice-in-wasteland", "date": "2006-02-11", "genre": "Action / Aventure", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pRQEUL0ATFwlLAYpW6TBd8FYdOH.jpg", "actors": ["Roxane Sondrup (Alice)", "Michelle Beisner (Jill Robbe)", "Gentle Fritz (TNT)", "Major Mandolin (Ramrod)", "Beth Ehrmann (Angel)", "Nicole Patrei (Girl in cell)", "T. David Rutherford (Chuck)", "Ashley Crockett (Dottie Wynn)", "Jason Henning (Dale)", "Brianne O'Malley (Nikki)", "Michael Kalbron (Drunk dart player)", "Greg Kleinert (Troy)", "Mary Zimmerman (Latanya)", "Percey Pellerin (Winston)", "Mark Griffin (Luke)", "Adam Ryan Villareal (Ronnie)", "Benoit Thomas (Ronnie's Partner)", "Daniel Jay Valdez (Armored car driver)", "Laszlo Palos (Armored car guard)", "Jessica Colwell (Nurse)", "Jean-Pierre Parent (Dr. Patel)", "Adalia Braydon (Doria)", "Hannah Rockey (Prison bulldyke)", "Renny Sotero (Rajim)", "Nathan Burney (Lacey)", "Alisha Tarvainen (Ronnie's ho)", "Adam Sidman (Car driver)", "Bryan Harris (Pete)", "Doug Smith (Trash can bodyguard)", "Malcolm Ulbrich (Young bodyguard)", "Marcus Dungen (Huge bodyguard)", "Kurt Bauman (Rookie cop)", "Ted Kuenz (Station cop #1)", "David Lewis Gunnels (Station cop #2)", "Max Harper (Hand job boy)", "Jeff Peters (Crack junkie)", "Langdon Foss (Dope runner)", "Jason Coviello (Capt. Jackson)", "Barry Hickey (Wilson)", "Samara Frame (Paramedic #1)", "Maiz Lucero (Paramedic #2)", "Lasse Jarvi (Garage cop #1)", "George McLaughlin III (Garage cop #2)", "Rick Zahradnik (Highway patrol cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "The Sage", "content": "If any of you have seen El Mariachi or Into the Woods, then you will know what can be done on a very limited budget with little professional equipment. As long as you have some skill, talent and vision. I always cite those as a benchmark for any low budget indie film to aspire to. So much crap is made these days (perhaps more than in the late Seventies and early to mid Eighties I think), but not so much due to budget, but more the people involved.\r\n\r\nI now have another film to add to them. Is it as good? Nowhere near no, is it crazy, with a wicked script, nice transition effects and a killer soundtrack? Very much so. I think all those involved in this weird and wonderful little flick knew what they were making, and because of that it works. It is not a good film by any stretch of the imagination. It is not well acted (they\u2019re atrocious). The production values are not good either. Some of the effects are truly terrible.\r\n\r\nBut having said all that, it\u2019s just bad, crazy, and tongue-in-cheek enough to be quite enjoyable and to wonder exactly where this mad ride will take you next. It is a ridiculous film with an equally ridiculous plot. Some of the dialogue would not be amiss in a Seventies Grindhouse film. Quotes such as \u2018Are you wet and mushy just like them oatmeal?\u2019 and \u2018You got amnesia? Well don\u2019t be passing that shit around\u2019 are par for the course in this mad romp.\r\n\r\nOur plot consists of Alice (Sondrup) trying to get out of town. A failed robbery lands her in a coma courtesy of power-mad cop Jill Robbe (Beisner). After a truly terrible escape scene (played majorly tongue-in-cheek) from the local detention center, Alice then runs into the local pimp boss Ramrod. From there things escalate in silliness and madness. At one point (and I wish she appeared earlier in the film) TNT (a perfectly cast Gentle Fritz) turns up as a type of Kill Bill Bond villain wearing a short Dirndl dress with a penchant for strangulation. She even comes complete with eerie smile and pigtails. The film switches between general action fare to a Seventies El Mariachi exploitation flick (complete with Mexican music) and even throws in a little Thirties path\u00e9 for good measure, along with numerous nods to other films and genres. Not a very good film, but one so mad and crazy it is well worth a watch."}], "recommandations_id": []}