{"tmdb_id": 60545, "title": "Smith le taciturne", "original_title": "Whispering Smith", "slug_title": "smith-le-taciturne", "date": "1948-12-09", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A la poursuite des pilleurs de train, les trois fr\u00e8res Barton, le \u2018policier du rail' Luke Smith, surnomm\u00e9 \u2018Whispering Smith' pour la mani\u00e8re qu'il a de s'exprimer toujours calmement, tombe dans un de leurs traquenards. Luke en r\u00e9chappe, est oblig\u00e9 d'abattre son cheval, mais retrouve rapidement les bandits qui viennent d'assassiner un t\u00e9l\u00e9graphiste. Les Barton tentent un nouveau pillage du train dans lequel est mont\u00e9 Luke ; ce dernier r\u00e9ussit \u00e0 en mettre deux hors de combat mais, bless\u00e9, laisse s'\u00e9chapper Blake. Amen\u00e9 \u00e0 Medicine Bend pour y \u00eatre soign\u00e9, Luke se retrouve au foyer de son ami d'enfance, Murray Sinclair. Il y revoit son amour de jeunesse, celle qui est d\u00e9sormais l'\u00e9pouse de Murray, la douce Marian. Il ne souhaitait pas revenir dans cette ville \u00e0 cause de sa pr\u00e9sence mais, maintenant que le voil\u00e0 sur place et soup\u00e7onnant l'\u00e9leveur Barney Rebstock de cacher Barton, il d\u00e9cide de mener \u00e0 bien sa mission...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p46uII7te9cwU5KSrgfz0s5SEbq.jpg", "actors": ["Alan Ladd (Luke \"Whispering\" Smith)", "Robert Preston (Murray Sinclair)", "Brenda Marshall (Marian Sinclair)", "Donald Crisp (Barney Rebstock)", "William Demarest (Bill Dansing)", "Fay Holden (Emmy Dansing)", "Murvyn Vye (Blake Barton)", "Frank Faylen (Whitey Du Sang)", "John Eldredge (George McCloud)", "J. Farrell MacDonald (Bill Baggs)", "Ray Teal (Seagrue)", "Will Wright (Sheriff McSwiggin)", "Eddy Waller (Train Conductor)", "Gary Gray (Bobby)", "Milton Kibbee (Train Engineer)", "Hank Worden (Ranchhand)", "Ward Wood (Leroy Barton)", "Don Barclay (Dr. Sawbuck)", "Ashley Cowan (Train Brakeman)", "Jimmie Dundee (Karg)", "Bob Kortman (Gabby Barton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Guys like Smitty they don't make anymore!\r\n\r\nWhispering Smith is directed by Leslie Fenton and co-adapted to screenplay by Frank Butler and Karl Kamb from Frank H. Spearman's novel. It stars Alan Ladd, Robert Preston, Brenda Marshall, Donald Crisp, William Demarest and Frank Faylen. Music is by Adolph Deutsch and cinematography by Ray Rennahan.\r\n\r\nFamed railroad detective Whispering Smith (Ladd) becomes conflicted when his latest case pits him up against one of his best pals.\r\n\r\nIt's somewhat surprising to find Whispering Smith is not more well known, given that it's Ladd's first full length Western feature and that it's really rather good. With its opening scene of Ladd riding towards camera, with glorious landscape in the background, and the thematics of how Smith operates around women and children, this signposts towards Shane five years down the line. In fact this very much works as a tasty appetiser for that superb 1953 picture.\r\n\r\nLadd cuts a fine figure as Smith, giving him the right amount of calm toughness so as to not over play the role, and Preston is on fine form, very ebullient and able to act heaps with only his eyes. Marshall on the surface doesn't impact greatly, in what is a key role, but the character is very shrewdly written and sits in the story as more than a token. The villains headed by Crisp are not very inspiring, while Faylen looks laughably out of place with a blonde wig!, but with Preston erring on the side of badness the good versus bad axis of plotting thrives well enough.\r\n\r\nPic is filled with a number of shoot-outs, banditry and awesome locomotive action, all set to the backdrop of beautiful - Technicolor enhanced - California locales. The running theme of railroad progression in the West is interestingly written, managing to not take sides and let the viewer enjoy both sides of the coin, though a moral equation that Smith ultimately arrives at doesn't quite add up. Add in Fenton's unfussy direction, Rennahan's location photography (see also night sequences) and Deutsch's pleasingly compliant score, and Western fans are good to go.\r\n\r\nThis doesn't pull up any tress or have the psychological savvy of what many Oaters of the next decade would explore, but it's very well mounted and engages from the get go. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [167769, 37593, 233795, 160783], "youtube_key": "notfound"}