{"tmdb_id": 60985, "title": "Turkish Passion", "original_title": "La pasi\u00f3n turca", "slug_title": "turkish-passion", "date": "1994-11-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "A young woman\u2019s passion forms the basis of this erotic Spanish drama adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala. The night before Desideria\u2019s marriage, her girl friends give her some valuable advice on sex. The marriage takes place, and while it is generally happy, her husband Ramiro suffers from sexual dysfunction and Desideria is frustrated. The two end up on holiday in Istanbul with two friends. Desideria falls madly in love with the sensual ambiance of the ancient, teeming city. She begins a passionate affair with a handsome Turkish guide, Yaman. Upon her return home, she learns that she is pregnant. Ramiro agrees to support the child, but unfortunately it dies in infancy and the grieving Desideria flees for Istanbul to find her lover. She finds him and they renew their torrid affair. Later she learns some distressing things about Yaman, but this does not stop her from becoming his sexual slave and a call girl for wealthy carpet sellers.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oAdgO49RwxuTJOC23ox6eWO0OBf.jpg", "actors": ["Ana Bel\u00e9n (Desideria)", "Georges Corraface (Yaman)", "Ram\u00f3n Madaula (Ramiro)", "S\u00edlvia Munt (Laura)", "Blanca Apil\u00e1nez (Felisa)", "Francis Lorenzo (Marcelo)", "Helio Pedregal (Arturo)", "Loles Le\u00f3n (Paulina)", "Rasim \u00d6ztekin ()", "G\u00fczin \u00d6zipek ()", "Laura Ma\u00f1\u00e1 ()", "Patrick Guillemin ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [423179, 120506, 98986, 235443], "youtube_key": "notfound"}