{"tmdb_id": 6114, "title": "Dracula", "original_title": "Dracula", "slug_title": "dracula", "date": "1992-11-13", "genre": "Romance / Horreur", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1492, le prince Vlad Dracul, revenant de combattre les arm\u00e9es turques, trouve sa fianc\u00e9e suicid\u00e9e. Fou de douleur, il d\u00e9fie Dieu, et devient le comte Dracula, vampire de son \u00e9tat. Quatre cents ans plus tard, d\u00e9sireux de quitter la Transylvanie pour s'\u00e9tablir en Angleterre, il fait appel \u00e0 Jonathan Harker, clerc de notaire et fianc\u00e9 de la jolie Mina Murray. La jeune fille est le sosie d'Elisabeta, l'amour ancestral du comte...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cABnsW2AVX6BqAs3yfKjAMcaGP6.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Oldman (Dracula)", "Winona Ryder (Mina Murray / Elisabeta)", "Anthony Hopkins (Professor Van Helsing)", "Keanu Reeves (Jonathan Harker)", "Richard E. Grant (Dr. Jack Seward)", "Sadie Frost (Lucy Westenra)", "Cary Elwes (Lord Arthur Helmwood)", "Billy Campbell (Quincey P. Morris)", "Tom Waits (R.M. Renfield)", "Jay Robinson (Mr. Hawkins)", "Monica Bellucci (Dracula's Bride # 1)", "Michaela Bercu (Dracula's Bride # 2)", "Florina Kendrick (Dracula's Bride # 3)", "I.M. Hobson (Hobbs)", "Laurie Franks (Lucy's Maid)", "Maud Winchester (Downstairs Maid)", "Octavian Cadia (Deacon)", "Robert Getz (Priest)", "Dagmar Stanec (Sister Agatha)", "Eniko \u00d6ss (Sister Sylva)", "Nancy Linehan Charles (Older Woman)", "Tatiana von Furstenberg (Younger Woman)", "Jules Sylvester (Zookeeper)", "Hubert Wells (Zookeeper)", "Honey Lauren (Peep Show Girl)", "Judi Diamond (Peep Show Girl)", "Robert Buckingham (Husband)", "Cully Fredricksen (Van Helsing's Assistant)", "Daniel Newman (Newshawker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "J4stringthang", "content": "This Seductive, Thrilling, love story has some Bite! Based from the book and is a true masterpiece. Gary Oldman plays Dracula and simply makes this movie. His obsession with Winona Ryder characters is relentless and heart chilling. Don't worry Keanu Reeves doesn't ruin it, he actually did a great job. Anthony Hopkins plays the role of Dr. Van Helsing. We all know his story now thanks to Hugh Jackman. Some brief nudity and a HOT scene with Winona as she runs though the garden in her PJ's. Not only do I gave Bram Stoker's Dracula 5 stars, BUT I rate it in my Top 10 all-time. MUST SEE!"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "The script is an unevenly good adaptation of the novel. It resolves better Dracula's aims and motivations through the love story.  Also, it provides a more understandable glue to join the 4 men chasing Dracula from a XXth century point of view and removes unimportant characters having a more \"round\" story.\r\n\r\nHowever, due to some changes certain parts are now incoherent since they were not properly adapted to the other changes. In addition, other parts are totally impossible to follow due to the amount of details only commented quickly along the movie.\r\n\r\nCostumes and general artistic work is superb but it drives the movie to some extreme stravaganza that, in the case of the actors' performances make some parts of the movie completely overacted.\r\n\r\nIn any case, I think this is an iconic movie worth watching more than once."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Although it certainly won't make you easily forget earlier interpretations of the seminal horrific character by Max Schreck, Bela Lugosi, Sir Christopher Lee or Klaus Kinski, Gary Oldman definitely finds a way under your skin. As well, the resoundingly sumptuous cinematography will sweep you off your feet--unless you're dead to begin with... =)"}], "recommandations_id": [628, 3036, 1813, 9495]}