{"tmdb_id": 61400, "title": "Thank You", "original_title": "Thank You", "slug_title": "thank-you", "date": "2011-04-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3v3DU1UZRy4W5JeIcMZHUJnlCBZ.jpg", "actors": ["Akshay Kumar (Kishen)", "Bobby Deol (Raj)", "Sonam Kapoor (Sanjana)", "Irrfan Khan (Vikram)", "Rimi Sen (Shivani)", "Sunil Shetty (Yogi)", "Celina Jaitly (Maya)", "Mallika Sherawat (Special Appearence)", "Vidya Balan (Cameo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheTenth", "content": "3 couples : Raj (Bobby Deol) and Sanjana (Sonam Kapoor), Vikram (Irrfan Khan) and Shivani (Rimi Sen), Yogi (Sunil Shetty) and Maya (Celina Jaitly)lead peaceful lives, but Maya is suspicious of her husband having an affair. She decides to hire a private investigator to find the truth. She goes to Kishan, both successful, cunning and easily trusted. He soon finds that when Yogi is about to be discovered by his wife, both his friends come to the rescue, which targets them for investigation. Soon he understands that the three cheat on their wives. Saddened by Sanjana's deep grief, he decides to teach them a lesson.\r\n\r\nAnees Basmee is very well known for his Bollywood comedies, very often about marital problems, in the French tradition of French theater author Vaudeville (his name was used for the genre later). I usually only mildly like his movies, but this one is more cunning in making the cheating husbands ridiculous and guilty. The first part is more of Kishand trying to find proof of the guilt of the three, then it's more revenge of the wives for their husband's disloyalty.\r\n\r\nWhat's great in this one is that the wives are really more than angry shrews, they are really affected by the deception, and have their own reactions. The cast is doing a phenomenal job, Akshay as the cunning guy that gets moved by these cheated wives, the three friends trying to save the appearances by using stupid lies that put them in miserable situations, and the wives having very realistic emotions for the situation.\r\nYes, even \"playgirl\" Rimi Sen (never forgotten for her sexy role in Dhoom 1) is really great at acting her part. Stunning Celina is the sad friend that can get wild when necessary, and Sonam is the shy gentle girl that gets devastated by what happens.\r\nVery enjoyable movie."}], "recommandations_id": [65946, 25867, 44425, 102632]}