{"tmdb_id": 61501, "title": "Between Midnight and Dawn", "original_title": "Between Midnight and Dawn", "slug_title": "between-midnight-and-dawn", "date": "1950-10-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Rocky and Dan, war buddies, are prowl car cops on night duty. Dan is a cynic who views all lawbreakers as scum; Rocky feels more lenient. Both are attracted to the radio voice of communicator Kate Mallory; but in person, Kate proves reluctant to get involved with men who just might stop a bullet. By lucky chance, Rocky and Dan cause big trouble for murderous racketeer Ritchie Garris; but when he swears vengeance, Kate's fears may prove justified.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dhZgl9KUu3yY1Ev9X3vurlat3rA.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Stevens (Officer Rocky Barnes)", "Edmond O'Brien (Officer Dan Purvis)", "Gale Storm (Katharine 'Kate' Mallory)", "Donald Buka (Ritchie Garris)", "Gale Robbins (Terry Romaine)", "Anthony Ross (Police Lt. Masterson)", "Roland Winters (Leo Cusick)", "Tito Vuolo (Romano)", "Grazia Narciso (Mrs. Romano)", "Madge Blake (Mrs. Mallory)", "Lora Lee Michel (Kathy Blake)", "Jack Del Rio (Louis Franissi)", "Philip Van Zandt (Joe Quist)", "Cliff Bailey (Police Sgt. Bailey)", "Tony Barr (Harry Yost)", "Peter Mamakos ('Cootie' Adams)", "Ric Roman (Rod Peters (as Earl Breitbard))", "Wheaton Chambers (Building Superintendent Blake)", "Frances Morris (Mrs. Blake - Superintendent's Wife)", "James Brown (Officer Haynes (uncredited))", "Billy Gray (Peter J. 'Petey' Conklin (uncredited))", "Brick Sullivan (Policeman (uncredited))", "Tony Taylor (Thurlow Conklin (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Here, buy yourself a new head. One with a brain in it! \r\n\r\nBetween Midnight and Dawn is directed by Gordon Douglas and adapted to screenplay by Eugene Ling from a story by Gerald Drayson Adams and Leo Katcher. It stars Edmond O'Brien, Mark Stevens, Gale Storm, Donald Buka and Gale Robbins. Music is by George Duning and cinematography by George E. Diskant. \r\n\r\nStevens and O'Brien play two prowl car cops, long time friends who fall for the same woman (Storm), but that could never come between them. That's the job of rising crime boss Ritchie Garris (Buka)... \r\n\r\nOn the page it looked as if it easily could have got bogged down by romantic threads and buddy buddy cop formula. Thankfully that isn't the case. Finding its way into a number of film noir publications, it's a pic that only just qualifies on account of certain narrative thematics and the night time photography of the always excellent Diskant. \r\n\r\nOn its own terms anyway it's a damn good policer, one that is handled with knowing direction from Douglas and features the reassuring presences of Stevens and O'Brien, both of whom play cops with different attitudes to the job, but both believable and never played as trite good cop bad cop fodder. \r\n\r\nIn the lady corner are Storm and Robbins, the former in the middle of our twin testosterone fuelled coppers, and the latter the gangster's moll. Both sultry and beautiful - even if Storm is sporting a hairstyle that equally is both distracting for the character and does her obvious sexiness no favours, but both the gals are written with thought and performed as such. \r\n\r\nThen there is Buka as scumbag Garris. This character clearly has ideas above his station, something which our coppers gleefully like to remind him of. But Garris is a nasty piece of work, which ultimately leads us to a thrilling and suspenseful finale. Buka (The Street with No Name) really should have had a bigger noir/crime film career. \r\n\r\nSometimes funny and laced with choice dialogue, this still also manages to impact with dramatic, suspenseful and attention grabbing scenes. This a film that's easy to recommend to lovers of 40s/50s policer movies; it's also pretty bloody for the time. There's a great crew behind this and they don't let anyone down. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30195, 35957, 36338, 49575], "youtube_key": "notfound"}