{"tmdb_id": 61564, "title": "Bravados", "original_title": "The Bravados", "slug_title": "bravados", "date": "1958-06-25", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Western"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Le cow-boy Jim Douglass traque les quatre criminels qui ont viol\u00e9 et assassin\u00e9 sa femme. Il les retrouve alors qu\u2019ils ont \u00e9t\u00e9 emprisonn\u00e9s par le sh\u00e9rif d\u2019une petite ville. Sur le point d\u2019\u00eatre pendus, les bandits r\u00e9ussissent \u00e0 s\u2019\u00e9chapper gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l\u2019aide d\u2019un complice. Les habitants et Jim se lancent \u00e0 leur poursuite. Apr\u00e8s les avoir abattus l\u2019un apr\u00e8s l\u2019autre, il se rend compte que ce n'\u00e9taient pas eux qui avaient tu\u00e9 sa femme.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bIaHH9KFTupj8ezO5anqFk95p5o.jpg", "actors": ["Gregory Peck (Jim Douglass)", "Joan Collins (Josefa Velarde)", "Henry Silva (Lujan)", "Lee Van Cleef (Alfonso Parral)", "Andrew Duggan (Padre)", "Stephen Boyd (Bill Zachary)", "Albert Salmi (Ed Taylor)", "Kathleen Gallant (Emma Steimmetz)", "Barry Coe (Tom)", "Herbert Rudley (Sheriff Sanchez)", "Ken Scott (Primo, Deputy Sheriff)", "Gene Evans (John Butler)", "George Voskovec (Gus Steimmetz)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bravo for The Bravados!\r\n\r\nThe Bravados is directed by Henry King and adapted to screenplay by Phillip Yordan from the story written by Frank O\u2019Rourke. It stars Gregory Peck, Joan Collins, Stephen Boyd, Albert Salmi, Henry Silva, Lee Van Cleef, Kathleen Gallant and Barry Coe. Music is scored by  Lionel Newman  and cinematography is by Leon Shamroy.\r\n\r\nJim Douglass (Peck) is pursuing the four outlaws who  murdered his wife and finds them locked up in a Rio Arriba jail. When they escape jail and flee to Mexico, Douglass goes off once again in pursuit with revenge eating away at his very being.\r\n\r\nHenry King and Gregory Peck made a number of films together, that they only made two Westerns is a constant sorrow to genre lovers. They made the quite superb The Gunfighter in 1950 and finally reconvened again in the genre for The Bravados eight years later. While as a point of notice The Bravados is not as great, it\u2019s still one damn fine and meaty picture that finds the two men on either side of the camera bringing the best out of each other.\r\n\r\nThis on the surface looked to be a standard revenge driven story that would serve the Western genre so well during the heyday, but there\u2019s a downbeat vibe to it all, which when cuffed together with ambiguous characters  and an almighty revelation at story\u2019s finale, marks it out as a must see for like minded Oater souls. It even throws up moral quandaries and boldly points an accusing finger at religion under a violent cloud, this for sure sits stoutly among the Adult Westerns  splinter that so enriched a genre that almost  sank into a light entertainment mire.\r\n\r\nAs the astute King establishes main characters and paces to precision for taut intrigue, Shamroy revels in the Scope format and cloaks the pic with ethereal vividness, especially for the night time sequences.  Then it\u2019s all about Peck, who brings a brooding menace here that wasn\u2019t seen very often, which as it happens is something that makes the finale all the more special given his character is forced into an emotional flip-flop of substance. We of course have a number of Western staples, the fights, despicable crimes, tracking through glorious landscapes et al, all of which are staged with thought and potency for entertainment purpose.\r\n\r\nThe four outlaws are given enough meat to chew on, Bill (Boyd) is all vile and loose cannon like, Alfonso (Cleef) is shifty and oily, Ed (Salmi) a weasel and Lujan (Silva) is the ace in the pack, with more to him than meets the eye and he turns in a smart underplayed perf. Unfortunately, as is universally noted by most who have seen this, Collins is not only poorly cast as the main female character (Latino love interest, really?), she\u2019s also under written and has no chemistry with Peck. It\u2019s actually more credit to Peck that his strong silent type thesping ensures the Collins misstep doesn\u2019t hurt the pic too much.\r\n\r\nA must see for Western, King and Peck fans like. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [32068, 44766, 83099, 21242], "youtube_key": "NC3_qTvibH8"}