{"tmdb_id": 61689, "title": "Soif de sang", "original_title": "Thirst", "slug_title": "soif-de-sang", "date": "1979-09-28", "genre": "Horreur / Romance / Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Kate Davis est, sans le savoir, la descendante directe d'une vampire c\u00e9l\u00e8bre ayant cr\u00e9\u00e9 une confr\u00e9rie vampirique qui perdure de nos jours aux quatre coins du globe. Dans le but de r\u00e9unir la lign\u00e9e, cette derni\u00e8re est kidnapp\u00e9e par les membres d'une \u00e9trange secte. Soumise \u00e0 un v\u00e9ritable conditionnement physique et psychologique, Kate va tenter de toutes ses forces de lutter contre une destin\u00e9e la superposant \u00e0 ses terribles anc\u00eatres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s2M21Jd62AZUHpOYe1VuhlXsDae.jpg", "actors": ["Chantal Contouri (Kate Davis)", "Max Phipps (Mr. Hodge)", "David Hemmings (Dr. Fraser)", "Henry Silva (Dr. Gauss)", "Robert Thompson (Sean)", "Rod Mullinar (Derek)", "Rosie Sturgess (Lori)", "Walter Pym (Ditcher)", "Amanda Muggleton (Martha)", "Lulu Pinkus (Nurse)", "Shirley Cameron (Mrs. Barker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Tiffany Lynn", "content": "This late seventies vampire film from Australia would fit nicely on the shelf with my Hammer horror and Italian favourites. Hell, I could picture Barbara Steele in the role of Kate Davis, though Chantal Contouri does a fine job indeed. I wonder why her filmography is so empty? \r\n\r\n<i>Thirst</i>, especially at the time of it's release in 1979, had a more unique view of vampires. From their farming of humans (to be sure that the blood is pure) to the false fangs they put in the drink blood, these weren't vamps that hid in the shadows, seducing victims to drain. When a descendant of Elizabeth Bathory is discovered, they psychologically torture the woman into joining the Brotherhood and strengthening the bloodline. Ultimately, she must make the choice of her own free will.\r\n\r\nNot quite a slow-burner, not quite action-packed, <i>Thirst</i> has enough to keep the interest of genre fans though casual viewers may wish to shy away. As for myself, I'll definitely be buying the Blu-Ray next time I make an Amazon purchase."}], "recommandations_id": [82118, 135424, 93263, 83974]}