{"tmdb_id": 6171, "title": "Dreamcatcher, L'attrape-r\u00eaves", "original_title": "Dreamcatcher", "slug_title": "dreamcatcher-l-attrape-reves", "date": "2003-03-21", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 longuement s\u00e9par\u00e9s, quatre amis d'enfance se retrouvent dans les for\u00eats du Maine, au nord-est des Etats-unis. Dot\u00e9s de pouvoirs t\u00e9l\u00e9pathiques suite \u00e0 un acte h\u00e9ro\u00efque, ils sont surpris par un blizzard qui cache une myst\u00e9rieuse force mal\u00e9fique. Le quatuor doit alors emp\u00eacher le massacre de civils innocents et affronter un horrible danger qui menace la Terre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A85mIkXdJvOwHxIQIEaN147GSLD.jpg", "actors": ["Morgan Freeman (Col. Abraham Curtis)", "Thomas Jane (Dr. Henry Devlin)", "Jason Lee (Joe 'Beaver' Clarenden)", "Damian Lewis (Gary 'Jonesy' Jones)", "Timothy Olyphant (Pete Moore)", "Tom Sizemore (Lt. Owen Underhill)", "Donnie Wahlberg (Douglas 'Duddits' Cavell)", "Mikey Holekamp (Young Henry)", "Reece Thompson (Young Beaver)", "Giacomo Baessato (Young Jonesy)", "Joel Palmer (Young Pete)", "Andrew Robb (Young Duddits)", "Rosemary Dunsmore (Roberta Cavell)", "Michael O'Neill (General Matheson)", "Eric Keenleyside (Rick McCarthy)", "C. Ernst Harth (Barry Neiman)", "Michael Dobson (Stranger on Curb)", "Ty Olsson (Army Truck Driver)", "Michael Daingerfield (Conklin)", "Campbell Lane (Old Man Gosselin)", "Ingrid Kavelaars (Trish)", "Darrin Klimek (Maples)", "Chera Bailey (Rachel)", "Kevan Ohtsji (Tracking Technician)", "Marcy Goldberg (EMT #1)", "Dion Johnstone (EMT #2)", "Shauna Kain (Josie Rinkenhauer)", "Colin Lawrence (Edwards)", "Jordan Walker (Helicopter Sentry)", "Jonathan Kasdan (Defuniak)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "furious_iz", "content": "Doesn't quite deserve all the hate...\r\n\r\nA group of friends with a long history are pitted against an invading alien force, and they use their special gifts and talents to try and save the world.\r\n\r\nSure it is not the best Stephen King adaptation, but it is far from the worst.  Some fairly hammy acting, dodgy CGI and tonnes of clich\u00e9 Stephen King tropes don't stop this film from being lightweight fun, so long as you are not expecting a work of art.  \r\n\r\nDamien Lewis is a stand-out, especially when he is being the Mr Gray personality and most of the rest of the cast do well enough, with a little bit of coasting from Tom Sizemore and Morgan Freeman.  It is however hard to look past the patronising and mildly offensive portrayal of the idiot savant Duddits, and the ending is completely stupid.  But if you have a spare couple of hours there are worse ways to spend time.  \r\n\r\nB grade film with an A grade cast and a budget somewhere in between."}], "recommandations_id": [8843, 11601, 10153, 9276], "youtube_key": "J_lC07NtrnI"}