{"tmdb_id": 61766, "title": "Under Milk Wood", "original_title": "Under Milk Wood", "slug_title": "under-milk-wood", "date": "1972-01-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "This Dylan Thomas work is a delightful if peculiar story of a day in the life of a small, Welsh fishing village called \"Llareggub\" (read it backwards!). We meet a host of curious characters (and ghosts) through the 'eyes' of Blind Captain Cat. This is a true \"Classic\" of modern British writing with a wonderful, mischievous use of language.  Under Milk Wood was Sinclair's first film and he was able to sign up Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor to the project with the help of O'Toole, Sinclair's long-term friend. Burton and Taylor were paid \u00a310,000 each. Elizabeth Taylor was only available for three days of filming, which at her request took place in London. At \u00a3600, her three dresses took up half of the costume budget.  It was the only film in which Burton, Taylor and O\u2019Toole appeared together. It was shot on various locations in Wales and has since acquired a reputation among aficionados as a cult movie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t4BrWrPP81FXIUAZxOxtToBQj4T.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (First Man)", "Elizabeth Taylor (Rosie Probert)", "Peter O'Toole (Captain Tom Cat)", "Glynis Johns (Myfanwy Price)", "Vivien Merchant (Mrs. Pugh)", "Si\u00e2n Phillips (Mrs. Ogmore-Pritchard)", "Victor Spinetti (Mog Edwards)", "Angharad Rees (Gossamer Beynon)", "Ray Smith (Mr Waldo)", "Ann Beach (Polly Garter)", "Michael Forrest (Sinbad Sailor)", "Glynn Edwards (Mr Cherry Owen)", "Bridget Turner (Mrs Cherry Owen)", "Talfryn Thomas (Mr Pugh)", "Tim Wylton (Mr Willy Nilly)", "Bronwen Williams (Mrs Willy Nilly)", "Meg Wynn Owen (Lily Smalls)", "Hubert Rees (Butcher Benyon)", "Aubrey Richards (Rev Eli Jenkins)", "Mark Jones (Evans the Death)", "Dillwyn Owen (Mr Ogmore)", "Richard Davies (Mr Pritchard)", "David Jason (Nogood Boyo)", "Davyd Harries (PC Attila Rees)", "David Davies (Utah Watkins)", "Maudie Edwards (Mrs Utah Watkins)", "Peggy Ann Clifford (Bessie Bighead)", "Dudley Jones (Dai Bread)", "Margaret Courtenay (Waldo Wife Three)", "Jill Britton (Mrs Rose Cottage)", "Griffith Davies (Ocky Milkman)", "Dafydd Havard (Lord Cut Glass)", "Rhoda Lewis (Waldo Wife Four)", "Eira Griffiths (Waldo Wife Two)", "Andree Gaydon (Waldo Wife One)", "Ruth Madoc (Mrs Dai Bread Two)", "Dorothea Phillips (Mrs Dai Bread One)", "Susan Penhaligon (Mae Rose Cottage)", "Paul Grist (Tom Fred)", "Janet Davies (Woman)", "Pamela Miles (Waldo Wife Five)", "Mary Jones (Mrs Benyon)", "Maia Newley (Bethan)", "Olwen Rees (Gwennie)", "John Rees (Jack Black)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [128409, 130052, 114626, 168179], "youtube_key": "notfound"}