{"tmdb_id": 61908, "title": "Canon City", "original_title": "Canon City", "slug_title": "canon-city", "date": "1948-06-30", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Prisoners battle each other -- and the police -- when they escape the Colorado State Penitentiary.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nelRyBXlnB71qS3sZUv1zf5utRy.jpg", "actors": ["Scott Brady (Jim Sherbondy)", "Jeff Corey (Carl Schwartzmiller)", "Whit Bissell (Richard Heilman)", "Stanley Clements (Billy New)", "Charles Russell (Tolley)", "DeForest Kelley (Smalley)", "Ralph Byrd (Officer Joe Gray)", "Roy Best (Himself (as Warden Roy Best))", "Henry Brandon (Freeman)", "Alfred Linder (Lavergne)", "Robert Bice (Morgan)", "Robert Kellard (Officer Winston R. Williams)", "Richard Irving (George Hernandez)", "Bud Wolfe (Officer Clark)", "Mabel Paige (Mrs. Edith Oliver)", "Reed Hadley (Narrator, off-screen)", "Bob Reeves (Guard)", "Donald Kerr (Convict Waiter)", "Eve March (Mrs. Bauer)", "Bill Walker (Prisoner)", "Cay Forester (Sherbondy's sister)", "Esther Somers (Mrs. Higgins)", "Phyllis Douglas (Myrna)", "Ray Bennett (Willie Bennett)", "Victor Cutler (Convict Photographer)", "Lynn Millan (May)", "Jimmy Ames (Convict Mug (as James Ames))", "Ruth Warren (Mug's Wife)", "Brick Sullivan (Guard)", "Henry Hall (Guard Captain)", "Cay Forester (Mrs. Wilson - Sherbondy's Sister (as Cay Forrester))", "Paul Scardon (Joe Bondy)", "Ralph Dunn (Convict Blacksmith)", "Alvin Hammer (Convict Tailor)", "John Shay (Officer)", "Paul Kruger (Officer)", "Raymond Bond (Lawrence Oliver)", "Mack Williams (Lonnie 'Lon' Higgins)", "Howard Negley (Richard Smith)", "Virginia Mullen (Mrs. Smith)", "Bill Clauson (Joel)", "Shirley Martin (Judith)", "Elysabeth Goetten (Barbara)", "Margaret Kerry (Maxine Smith)", "John Doucette (George Bauer)", "Anthony Sydes (Jerry Bauer)", "Jack Ellis (Man at Roadblock)", "John Wald (Radio Commentator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Filmed With The Naked Fury Of Fact!\r\n\r\nFilmed With The Naked Fury Of Fact! So screams the poster for this semi-documentary styled pic. Barely a year previously a dozen prisoners escaped from the Colorado State Penitentiary, Canon City, this is the story of that break and subsequent hunt for the escapees.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Crane Wilbur, it stars Scott Brady, Jeff Corey and Whit Bissell. Cinematography is by John Alton and Reed Hadley provides the stentorian narration. Plot is exactly what it says on the cover, men escape prison and as a blizzard rages outside they encounter various members of the public whilst trying to escape capture. \r\n\r\nThe various convict character splinters, as we follow the principal escapees, makes for suspenseful scenes as they impose themselves on the homes of good honest folk. The moral dilemma heartbeat comes via Brady's Jim Sherbondy, a man who was reluctant to escape but ultimately got caught up in the whirlpool. The characterisations are standard for this type of picture, but well performed all the same, with Corey particularly striking as a weasel type. The various women in the story are well written, proving to be of strong will and minds, while Alton and Wilbur enhance the fatalistic mood with low lights and close ups.\r\n\r\nA decent pic from the pantheon of prison noir, but not a patch on the likes of Brute Force and Riot In Cell Block 11. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36335, 35017, 30102, 131455], "youtube_key": "notfound"}