{"tmdb_id": 61925, "title": "Flics en jeans", "original_title": "Squadra antiscippo", "slug_title": "flics-en-jeans", "date": "1976-03-11", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Un policier rus\u00e9 et efficace aux m\u00e9thodes peu orthodoxes, arr\u00eate tout un gang de trands. Mais il va d\u00e9couvrir que leur chef d\u00e9moniaque fait travailler d'autres bandes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/djJkrxKG0fCZgHc1B0iOHBiMlin.jpg", "actors": ["Tom\u00e1s Mili\u00e1n (Nico Giraldi)", "John P. Dulaney (Ballarin)", "Jack La Cayenne (Policeman)", "Raf Luca (Gargiulo)", "Marcello Martana (Maresciallo Trentini)", "Guido Mannari (Achille Bertinari \"Er Baronetto\")", "Roberto Chiappa (Gipo)", "Maria Rosaria Omaggio (Mrs. Cattani)", "Angelo Pellegrino (Er Chiappetta)", "Jack Palance (Norman Shelley / Richard J. Russo)", "Toni Ucci (Lando Rossi)", "Roberto Messina (Commissario Tozzi)", "Vincenzo Crocitti (Er Zagaja)", "Benito Stefanelli (Shelley's Henchman)", "Mimmo Poli (Gaetano Bozzetti)", "Anna Melita (Adelaide)", "Giuliano Sestili (Dante Ramucci)", "Giovanni Attanasio (Carabiniere)", "Enrico Marciani (Eugenio Bagolini detto Er Cavallaro)", "Mario Donatone (brigadiere)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Roman Serpico, sort of***\r\n\r\nReleased in 1976, \u201cThe Cop in Blue Jeans\u201d is a loner-cop thriller in the mold of \u201cDirty Harry\u201d (1971) and \u201cSerpico\u201d (1973). The titular protagonist even looks like Serpico. The difference is that this is an Italian production directed & co-written by Bruno Corbucci. The plot revolves around an undercover cop named Nico Giraldi (Tomas Milian) who arrests several thugs of the purse snatching variety and zeroes-in on the mastermind of the ring (Jack Palance).\r\n\r\nThe Italian title is \u201cSquadra Antiscippo,\u201d which means \u201cSwindle Squad\u201d and I assume refers to the theft ring. Anyway, the movie\u2019s an interesting way to observe the more obscure parts of Rome in the mid-70s. The story\u2019s relatively compelling and there\u2019s a lot of undercover cop type of action (naturally). Maria Rosaria Omaggio is easy on the eyes, but not enough is done with her. Nico\u2019s pet mouse, named Serpico, is a nice addition.\r\n\r\nWhile this is a decent Euro flick and worth catching for the highlights noted, don\u2019t expect the greatness of any of the Dirty Harry installments.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 31 minutes and was shot in Rome.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [52238, 161299, 255906, 291256], "youtube_key": "notfound"}