{"tmdb_id": 61960, "title": "The Raging Tide", "original_title": "The Raging Tide", "slug_title": "the-raging-tide", "date": "1951-11-01", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Al9JNZ9JgFDurCUMwgNQlVlH0QS.jpg", "actors": ["Shelley Winters (Connie Thatcher)", "Richard Conte (Bruno Felkin)", "Stephen McNally (Lt. Kelsey)", "Charles Bickford (Hamil Linder)", "Alex Nicol (Carl Linder)", "John McIntire (Corky Mullins)", "Tito Vuolo (Barney Schriona)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Choppy Waters.\r\n\r\nThe Raging Tide is directed by George Sherman and adapted to screenplay by Ernest K. Gann from his own novel Fiddler\u2019s Green. It stars Shelley Winters, Richard Conte, Stephen McNally, Charles Bickford, John McIntire and Alex Nicol. Music is by Frank Skinner and cinematography by Russell Metty.\r\n\r\nHoodlum Bruno Felkin (Conte) hides out on the Linder family fishing boat to avoid the cops. They affect his life as much as he affects theirs\u2026\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s got a stellar noir cast and quality in the music and photography departments, but there\u2019s nothing raging about this soggy piece of drama. Conte is watchable as a thug, no surprise there, but the screenplay does him and everyone else few favours. Only one to come out on top of the writing is Winters, who revels in cutting remarks delivered via a serpent tongue. Bickford is trying to be Swedish, giving Sterling Hayden in Terror in a Texas Town a run for his money for worst Swede accent ever. While McIntire and McNally earn their wages.\r\n\r\nLittle to recommend outside of the cast list here I\u2019m sad to say. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37195, 35958, 32887, 37039]}