{"tmdb_id": 62033, "title": "The Girl in Black Stockings", "original_title": "The Girl in Black Stockings", "slug_title": "the-girl-in-black-stockings", "date": "1957-09-24", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "A young girl's murder leaves a hotel full of suspects.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4R5OAHGbkqroGMsTOliRfLE7Rsx.jpg", "actors": ["Lex Barker (David Hewson)", "Anne Bancroft (Beth Dixon)", "Mamie Van Doren (Harriet Ames)", "Ron Randell (Edmund Parry)", "Marie Windsor (Julia Parry)", "John Dehner (Sheriff Jess Holmes)", "John Holland (Norman Grant)", "Diana Van der Vlis (Louise Miles)", "Richard H. Cutting (Dr. John Aitkin)", "Larry Chance (Indian Joe)", "Gene O'Donnell (Joseph Felton)", "Gerald Frank (Frankie Pierce)", "Karl MacDonald (Deputy Fred)", "Norman Leavitt (Amos)", "Stuart Whitman (Prentiss)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Wanton Murder!\r\n\r\nThe Girl in Black Stockings is directed by Howard W. Koch and written by Richard Landau and Peter Godfrey. It stars Lex Barker, Anne Bancroft, Mamie Van Doren, Ron Randell, John Dehner and Marie Windsor. Music is by Les Baxter and cinematography by William Margulies.\r\n\r\nWhen a party girl is found murdered at a Utah hotel, everyone is under suspicion.\r\n\r\nMiserable predatory creatures!\r\n\r\nOne of the definitions of the low budget drive-in movie, The Girl in Black Stockings is an odd and fascinating picture. In core essence it's a standard murder mystery piece, a sort of minor Ten Little Indians only with kooky overtones.\r\n\r\nShe'd get on that dance floor and fry eggs!\r\n\r\nThe characterisations, performed by a wide scope cast list, are firmly in the realm of the off kilter or suspiciously suspect! While some of the scripted dialogue is priceless and pungent with noirish tones. Plus there is lots of smoking going on to emphasise the noirish fever.\r\n\r\nI'm gonna have to raise taxes to build a morgue!\r\n\r\nThe acting is all over the place, mind, with Tarzan leading the way doing some smell the fart acting, while others are overwrought in delivery of script. Yet the up and down acting fits into the grand scheme of Utah weirdo style, further accentuated by the swirly Gothic musical score.\r\n\r\nNutty and fruity, corny yet crisp, it's a fun experience. Plus there's Van Doren, who had to have had the widest mouth of all circa the 1950s. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [47201, 34944, 25807, 48886], "youtube_key": "Tm7TbT4ThaQ"}