{"tmdb_id": 621, "title": "Grease", "original_title": "Grease", "slug_title": "grease", "date": "1978-07-07", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Durant l'\u00e9t\u00e9 1958, Sandy Olsson, une \u00e9tudiante australienne en vacances aux \u00c9tats-Unis, rencontre Danny Zuko, le chef de la bande des T-Birds. Leur amour est cependant interrompu par la fin des vacances car Sandy doit retourner en Australie.Toutefois, le hasard fait que Sandy reste en Am\u00e9rique et qu'elle int\u00e8gre le lyc\u00e9e Rydell, le m\u00eame que celui o\u00f9 \u00e9tudie Danny. Elle y rencontre un groupe de filles, les \u00ab Pink Ladies \u00bb, men\u00e9 par Betty Rizzo. Sans savoir qu'ils sont tout proches, Danny et Sandy racontent, chacun de leur c\u00f4t\u00e9, \u00e0 leurs amis leur amour de vacances. Danny et Sandy finissent par se rencontrer et d\u00e9cident de reprendre leur relation bien que tout les oppose au lyc\u00e9e...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iMHdFTrCYhue74sBnXkdO39AJ3R.jpg", "actors": ["John Travolta (Danny Zuko)", "Olivia Newton-John (Sandy Olsson)", "Stockard Channing (Betty Rizzo)", "Jeff Conaway (Kenickie)", "Didi Conn (Frenchy)", "Barry Pearl (Doody)", "Michael Tucci (Sonny)", "Kelly Ward (Putzie)", "Jamie Donnelly (Jan)", "Dinah Manoff (Marty Maraschino)", "Eve Arden (Principal McGee)", "Edd Byrnes (Vince Fontaine)", "Sid Caesar (Coach Calhoun)", "Dody Goodman (Blanche)", "Susan Buckner (Patty Simcox)", "Ellen Travolta (Waitress)", "Annette Charles (Cha Cha DiGregorio)", "Joan Blondell (Vi)", "Eddie Deezen (Eugene Felnic)", "Fannie Flagg (Nurse Wilkins)", "Lorenzo Lamas (Tom Chisum)", "Frankie Avalon (Teen Angel)", "Dennis C. Stewart (Leo \"Craterface\" Balmudo)", "Sean Moran (Dancer)", "Michael Biehn (Mike)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "Grease is definitely the word! ...\r\n\r\nWhen my family (my mother, my brother, and I) went out on our traditional weekly \"Movie Date Night\" (as we so lovingly named it during that time) to see Grease at the Chicago Theater, \"Thank God It's Friday\" had been playing at the old State and Lake Theater right across the street from the CT. And me being a hopeless Donna Summer fanatic, naturally I'd wanted to see \"TGIF\" too, but it had to be Grease, first, because our tix were purchased in advance ... And also because we were only committed to one movie at a time...sometimes. \ud83d\ude0a\r\n\r\nI was glad, however, that we got to see Grease, because I was in love with this film by the time it ended. It was one of my most cherished childhood experiences/memories. And I still hold it dear today.\r\n\r\nThis Randal Kleiser directed musical was one of the greatest cinematic oeuvres of its time - even today, undergoing readaptations for the stage, and entertaining both past and present generations. In Grease, the film, John Travolta (my guy) and Olivia Newton-John (my girl) star as Danny and Sandy, who meet one summer at the beach and fall madly in love. However, there's one problem: Danny is a local fella (and a 'T-birds greaser gang member'), while Sandy (pure and clean-cut from Australia) is only in town vacationing for the summer. When the summer ends, their newfound (and passionate) relationship may also have to. But will it?...\r\n\r\nSet in 1950s California, Grease is a motion picture for the Hollywood history books. It is tremendously directed, with a beautifully-composed soundtrack. And the cast? Well, what can you say when you have a gifted supporting ensemble of some of the best in their respective crafts: Stockard Channing, Frankie Avalon, Eve Arden, Joan Blondell, Sha-Na-Na, Sid Ceasar, and Alice Ghostley, among a talented bundle of others.\r\n\r\nGrease is one of my all-time favorites. The story is grade A, and so are the legendary performances, as is the equally fabled soundtrack to which it is set. I love this movie, and highly recommend it to everyone ... Especially those of you, who like me, harbor a passion for musicals."}], "recommandations_id": [88, 114, 11224, 2976], "youtube_key": "yNhZNp9GXb8"}