{"tmdb_id": 62213, "title": "Dark Shadows", "original_title": "Dark Shadows", "slug_title": "dark-shadows", "date": "2012-05-08", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1752, Joshua et Naomi Collins quittent Liverpool, en Angleterre, pour prendre la mer avec leur jeune fils Barnabas, et commencer une nouvelle vie en Am\u00e9rique. Mais m\u00eame un oc\u00e9an ne parvient pas \u00e0 les \u00e9loigner de la terrible mal\u00e9diction qui s\u2019est abattue sur leur famille. Vingt ann\u00e9es passent et Barnabas a le monde \u00e0 ses pieds, ou du moins la ville de Collinsport, dans le Maine. Riche et puissant, c\u2019est un s\u00e9ducteur inv\u00e9t\u00e9r\u00e9\u2026 jusqu\u2019\u00e0 ce qu\u2019il commette la grave erreur de briser le c\u0153ur d\u2019Angelique Bouchard. C\u2019est une sorci\u00e8re, dans tous les sens du terme, qui lui jette un sort bien plus mal\u00e9fique que la mort : celui d\u2019\u00eatre transform\u00e9 en vampire et enterr\u00e9 vivant.  Deux si\u00e8cles plus tard, Barnabas est lib\u00e9r\u00e9 de sa tombe par inadvertance et d\u00e9barque en 1972 dans un monde totalement transform\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mfxD4uFOaH4AiaJPd05BwywD9dT.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Depp (Barnabas Collins)", "Michelle Pfeiffer (Elizabeth Collins Stoddard)", "Helena Bonham Carter (Dr. Julia Hoffman)", "Jackie Earle Haley (Willie Loomis)", "Jonny Lee Miller (Roger Collins)", "Eva Green (Angelique Bouchard)", "Bella Heathcote (Victoria Winters)", "Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Carolyn Stoddard)", "Gulliver McGrath (David Collins)", "Ray Shirley (Mrs. Johnson)", "Christopher Lee (Clarney)", "Alice Cooper (Alice Cooper)", "Ivan Kaye (Joshua Collins)", "Susanna Cappellaro (Naomi Collins)", "Raffey Cassidy (Young Angelique)", "Alexia Osborne (Young Victoria)", "William Hope (Sheriff)", "Glen Mexted (Captain Rubberpants)", "Josephine Butler (David's Mother)", "Shane Rimmer (Board Member #1)", "Michael Shannon (Board Member #2)", "Nigel Whitmey (Hard Hat #1)", "Philip Bulcock (Hard Hat #2)", "Sophie Kennedy Clark (Hippie Chick #1)", "Hannah Murray (Hippie Chick #2)", "Victoria Bewick (Hippie Chick #3)", "Charlotte Spencer (Coat Check Girl)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Fisherman)", "Harry Taylor (Henchman)", "Sean Mahon (Collinsport Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "darrenhamilton14", "content": "Let's leave it all at the door here. I loved Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands, and Batman. Hated Batman Returns, Alice in Wonderland, and Willy Wonka. Could care less about Nightmare before Christmas and Sweeney Todd. Okay, so I'm not a Tim Burton hater. I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan. I think in this situation, I'm as close as you get to the average movie goer. No agenda, no attachments. That being said, this film is terrible. Burton spent so much effort and time worrying about making this film Gothic and off pace, stuffing his favorite actors into the film even though half of their parts were pointless, he forgot he was making a film. It's a simple and fun idea but it feels like ego and \"showiness\" kept them from making the plot even make sense. We get it Tim! You are weird! Don't ruin a good performance by Depp and a fun idea for a film because you have to live up to your own Gothic standards. Grow up. So much talent is wasted on these films having the same look, cast, and feel to them. Take that talent and make something fresh! Stretch yourself just a tad out of that Hot Topic comfort zone will ya? This movie was long, boring, and ruined. All of the funny scenes were in the trailer. By the way.... wasn't this supposed to be the 70's? Other than a shot or two of trees and a hippie van it was just like the set of Sweeney Todd. The whole film felt like London in the 40's. That's bad film making whether your name is Tim Burton or not."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I generally like Tim Burton as well as  Johnny Depp. This movie was no exception. It is a dark (of course with Tim Burton) comedy with some hint of action/thriller in it. I would not really characterize it as a horror movie even though there are a vampire as well as a witch and a werewolf in it. Of course there is the romance stuff but I personally feel that is really more of a background or justification to the plot than anything else.\n\nThis is not a magnificent movie but it\u2019s a good movie. I have never seen the original series so I am not biased by that. It seems that many people that considers this to be a bad movie refers to the original show. I have read several of the critical reviews and I do not agree with most of them.\n\nI found this movie to be a nice, moderately paced, comedy in a vampire/gothic setting. The mood and the wackiness were fairly typical for a Tim Burton production. Johnny Depp was pretty much as can be expected which is a good thing if you like Johnny Depp. \nThe return of Barnabas to his, now rather dysfunctional, family is rather funny. The ease with how Barnabas was duped and trapped again in the second half of the film was a bit annoying but then, he had been asleep for a few centuries.\n\nThe entire family quite enjoyed this movie."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***I don\u2019t get all the hate***\r\n\r\nOn coastal Maine, a Vampire named Barnabas Collins (Johnny Depp) is released in 1972 after almost 200 years in captivity and reacquaints himself with his family\u2019s chateau & the nearby fishing village. Michelle Pfeiffer plays the Collins matriarch, Helena Bonham Carter the in-house shrink, Eva Green a conniving witch, Bella Heathcote the reincarnation of Barnabas\u2019 long-lost love and Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz a 15 year-old punk.\r\n\r\nDirected by Tim Burton, \u201cDark Shadows\u201d (2012) isn\u2019t far removed in tone from his \u201cSleepy Hollow\u201d (1999), which also featured Depp as the protagonist, although I suppose \u201cShadows\u201d throws in a little more humor. I\u2019ve never seen the TV soap opera Dark Shadows or the subsequent two movies, so I can\u2019t compare this movie to them. All I know is that I liked this rendition quite a bit, just as I liked the inexplicably reviled \u201cThe Lone Ranger\u201d (2013).\r\n\r\nThe October/November ambiance (i.e. Halloween-season) is to die for and Depp as Barnabas Collins maintains your interest throughout. He\u2019s obviously a fish-out-of-water in 1972, but acclimates pretty quickly. Eva Green is perfect as the ee-vil witch and Carter is enjoyable as usual. I don\u2019t get the hubbub over Moretz, but she\u2019s a\u2019right (and holds a surprise for the last act). Alice Cooper is featured in a glorified cameo. I should add that the opening credits sequence with \u201cNights in White Satin\u201d is cinema at its finest.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 53 minutes and was shot in England (Devon, Buckinghamshire, Kent, Cornwall &  Farnham) and Scotland (Mull, Argyll and Bute) with exteriors of the chateau shot at Trafalgar Castle School, Whitby, Ontario, Canada.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [13885, 2668, 3933, 62214]}