{"tmdb_id": 62432, "title": "The Questor Tapes", "original_title": "The Questor Tapes", "slug_title": "the-questor-tapes", "date": "1974-01-23", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Project Questor is brainchild of the genius Dr. Vaslovik: he developed plans to build an android super-human. Although he's disappeared and half of his programming tape was erased in the attempt to decode it, his former colleagues continue the project and finally succeed. But Vaslovik seems to have installed a secret program in Questor's brain: He flees and starts to search for Vaslovik. Since half of his knowledge is missing, he needs the help of Jerry Robinson, who's now under suspect of having stolen the android.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xDvTmhpcC80yRowHmJU6a95kwDH.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Foxworth (Questor)", "Mike Farrell (Jerry Robinson)", "John Vernon (Geoffrey Darro)", "Lew Ayres (Vaslovik)", "James Shigeta (Dr. Chen)", "Robert Douglas (Dr. Michaels)", "Dana Wynter (Lady Helena Trimble)", "Ellen Weston (Allison Sample)", "Majel Barrett (Dr. Bradley)", "Reuben Singer (Dr. Gorlov)", "Walter Koenig (Administrative Assistant)", "Fred Sadoff (Dr. Audret)", "Gerald Peters (Randolph)", "Eyde Girard (Stewardess)", "Alan Caillou (Immigration Offical)", "Lal Baum (Col. Hendricks)", "Patti Cubbison (Secretary)", "Ian Abercrombie (Charlie)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [133838, 49800, 106284, 87417], "youtube_key": "notfound"}