{"tmdb_id": 62630, "title": "The Devil's Double", "original_title": "The Devil's Double", "slug_title": "the-devil-s-double", "date": "2011-02-11", "genre": "Drame / Action / Thriller / Crime / Guerre", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Bagdad, 1987. Le pays est en proie \u00e0 la trahison et \u00e0 la corruption, ce qui fait les beaux jours du Prince Noir Ouda\u00ef Hussein, fils a\u00een\u00e9 de Saddam. Personnage sans foi ni loi, il ne pense qu'\u00e0 son plaisir imm\u00e9diat et n'h\u00e9site pas \u00e0 s'emparer des biens d'autrui et \u00e0 coucher avec n'importe quelle femme qui lui pla\u00eet - m\u00eame lorsqu'elle est mari\u00e9e. Personne n'a jamais os\u00e9 lui tenir t\u00eate\u2026 Lorsque Latif Yahia, lieutenant d'Ouda\u00ef, est convoqu\u00e9 au palais de Saddam, il se voit contraint d'ob\u00e9ir \u00e0 un ordre d\u00e9lirant : devenir la doublure d'Ouda\u00ef - son \"fiday\" - sous peine de voir ex\u00e9cuter toute sa famille. N'ayant pas le choix, Latif commence sa nouvelle vie, en \"jouant\" le r\u00f4le d'Ouda\u00ef Hussein, un des hommes les plus puissants et les plus ha\u00efs du pays. Il apprend \u00e0 lui ressembler, imitant sa mani\u00e8re de marcher et de s'exprimer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cMtkuzJEZhMm785L75yzs1EfuQc.jpg", "actors": ["Dominic Cooper (Latif Yahia / Uday Hussein)", "Ludivine Sagnier (Sarrab)", "Raad Rawi (Munem)", "Mehmet Ferda (Kamel Hannah)", "Philip Quast (Saddam Hussein / Faoaz)", "Mimoun Oa\u00efssa (Ali)", "Khalid Laith (Yassem Al-Helou)", "Nasser Memarzia (Latif's Father)", "Dar Salim (Azzam)", "Pano Masti (Said)", "Stewart Scudamore (Father of School Girl)", "Amrita Acharia (School Girl)", "Amber Rose Revah (Bride)", "Selva Rasalingam (Rokan)", "Jamie Harding (Qusay)", "Akin Gazi (Saad)", "Elektra Anastasi (School Girl 2)", "Oona Chaplin (Beauty)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**It was not a stolen identity, but forcibly given.**\r\n\r\nThe film was based on the book of the same name that tells the true story of a young Iraqi man Latif, who was forced to body double the Saddam Hussein's playboy son, Uday. This is the reason I was not interested in this. Usually biopics are made to inspire the viewers, but there are negative films as well and this is one of those. Actually, it was not about the Saddam or his politics or his family, except Uday. So it was told from the perspective of Latif. How he suffered and fought back was the film focused on.\r\n\r\nAfter watching it so delay, I think I was wrong about it. The film is for adults, but the thing is it reveals lots of dark secrets of Uday's lifestyle. Sadly the film did not cover much of the Saddam Hussein's events. The Kiwi filmmaker did his best. Dominic Cooper's performance in the dual role was the highlight. That should be the reason to watch this, because you know like me, people are turning it away once they read whose story is this. This film is here to remind us the bad history about the bad people, other than that there's nothing in it.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [51209, 75622, 48289, 45610]}