{"tmdb_id": 62648, "title": "Coup de fouet en retour", "original_title": "Backlash", "slug_title": "coup-de-fouet-en-retour", "date": "1956-04-11", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Au lendemain de la Guerre de S\u00e9cession, Jim Slater revient en Arizona, \u00e0 la recherche de la tombe d'un p\u00e8re qui, jadis, \u00e9chappa au massacre de ses compagnons par les Indiens avant de s'enfuir avec 60.000 $ en or. C'est justement cet or qui suscite toutes les convoitises. D'abord celle d'une bande de hors-la-loi pour lesquels Slater devient un gibier \u00e0 traquer o\u00f9 qu'il aille. Celle aussi de la belle Karyl Orton, bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9e \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer la part du pr\u00e9cieux m\u00e9tal qui revient \u00e0 son mari. Alors que Slater d\u00e9couvre peu \u00e0 peu la v\u00e9ritable nature de son p\u00e8re, grandit la passion entre Karyl et lui\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hXfS7adEo5381FwfBaFxLp6bzA.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Widmark (Jim Slater)", "Donna Reed (Karyl Orton)", "William Campbell (Johnny Cool)", "John McIntire (Jim Bonniwell)", "Barton MacLane (Sgt. George Lake)", "Harry Morgan (Tony Welker)", "Robert J. Wilke (Jeff Welker)", "Jack Lambert (Mike Benton)", "Roy Roberts (Maj. Carson)", "Edward Platt (Sheriff J.C. Marson (as Edward C. Platt))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There's things a man has to know and has to do, and it's best that he does them alone.\r\n\r\nBacklash (1956) is directed by John Sturges and adapted by Borden Chase from the novel written by Frank Gruber. It stars Richard Widmark, Donna Reed, John McIntire & William Campbell. It's shot in Technicolor by Irving Glassberg on location in Tuscon, Arizona.\r\n\r\n1870 Arizona, and Jim Slater (Widmark) is searching for the truth about what happened to his father during the Apache ambush at Gila Valley. This brings him into contact with strong willed Karyl Orton (Reed), who courtesy of her missing husband also has an interest in the events of that raid. Missing family members and missing gold, the can is now open and worms are pouring out every where.\r\n\r\nIt's about the writing and the characters here. From the off it should be known that this is no high octane actioner. We are dealing in a mystery, with what amounts to a detective story played out in a Western theme. It's a touch unusual but never less than interesting as Chases' unconventional script gives birth to a myriad of characters, some complex, others just stock genre story fleshers. There's some clich\u00e9s spliced within the piece, but they are off set by some nice twists in the story. And while this is no Anthony Mann/Borden Chase psychologically tinted production, it doesn't cop out with its big decisions. Glassberg's cinematography is first class, really vibrant and bursting out from the screen as they nicely film it on location of where the story is set. The cast is real strong. Widmark is excellent as the tough as nails hero and Reed looks stunning whilst neatly essaying a prickly femme fatale type. McIntire gives another classy supporting turn and Campbell is enjoyably OTT as hothead gunslinger Johnny Cool.\r\n\r\nThe principals have all done far better work in the genre, but this is a nice change of pace for all of them. It's unlikely to raise the pulses of the action seeking fan, but for those of a more literary persuasion this should hit the spot. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37380, 39558, 38659, 37317], "youtube_key": "notfound"}