{"tmdb_id": 62727, "title": "Pinky", "original_title": "Pinky", "slug_title": "pinky", "date": "1949-09-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Pinky, a light skinned black woman, returns to her grandmother's house in the South after graduating from a Northern nursing school. Pinky tells her grandmother that she has been \"passing\" for white while at school in the North. In addition, Pinky has fallen in love with a young white doctor, Dr. Thomas Adams, who knows nothing about her black heritage. Pinky says that she will return to the North, but Granny Johnson convinces her to stay and treat an ailing white woman, Miss Em. Meanwhile, Dr. Canady, a black physician from another part of the state, visits Pinky and asks her to train some Negro students, but she declines. Pinky nurses Miss Em but is resentful because she seems to feel that she is doing the same thing her grandmother did. Pinky and Miss Em slowly develop a mutual respect for one another. Mrs. Em leaves Pinky her property when she dies, but relatives of the deceased woman contest the new will in court.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5aUsCCnlr8NcoTY0erUcSdi3oXb.jpg", "actors": ["Jeanne Crain (Patricia 'Pinky' Johnson)", "Ethel Barrymore (Miss Em)", "Ethel Waters (Pinky's Granny)", "William Lundigan (Dr. Thomas Adams)", "Basil Ruysdael (Judge Walker)", "Kenny Washington (Dr. Canady)", "Nina Mae McKinney (Rozelia)", "Griff Barnett (Dr. Joe McGill)", "Frederick O'Neal (Jake Walters)", "Evelyn Varden (Melba Wooley)", "Raymond Greenleaf (Judge Shoreham)", "Paul Brinegar (Western Union Clerk)", "Arthur Hunnicutt (Police Chief)", "Juanita Moore (Nurse)", "Blue Washington (Minor Role)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [43321, 31944, 489998, 43812], "youtube_key": "notfound"}