{"tmdb_id": 62754, "title": "L'odyss\u00e9e sous la mer", "original_title": "The Neptune Factor", "slug_title": "l-odyssee-sous-la-mer", "date": "1973-08-03", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction"], "score": "3.5/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la suite d'un tremblement de terre, une station sous-marine, le Sealab, se retrouve perdu dans les fonds marins. Un sous-marin ultra-perfectionn\u00e9 est envoy\u00e9 \u00e0 sa rescousse, mais rencontrera de multiples dangers", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t4wrizSnKxCgiJTrB7CGnM2eME4.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Gazzara (Cmdr. Adrian Blake)", "Walter Pidgeon (Dr. Samuel Andrews)", "Ernest Borgnine (Chief Diver Don MacKay)", "Yvette Mimieux (Dr. Leah Jansen)", "Donnelly Rhodes (Diver Bob Cousins)", "Chris Wiggins (Capt. Williams)", "Mark Walker (Diver Dave Moulton)", "Leslie Carlson (Brigs, Triton Radioman)", "Stuart Gillard (Diver Phil Bradley)", "Michael J. Reynolds (Dr. Hal Hamilton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Monkshood", "content": "Take one toy submarine, add some fishing line to the top of it and have it \"explore\" your aquarium. This is sadly the extent of the action in this C- movie. It is a huge waste of the talented actors and was an even larger waste of my time in watching it.\r\n\r\nI have no problem with campy movies, and this was the reason I watched this flick, but Jason and the Argonauts this ain't. Very slow pacing along with the aforementioned \"action\" scene(s) make this one of the worse films I have watched. Save yourself an hour and a half and clean your house instead, it will be more rewarding and you'll even have a cleaner house to show for your time."}], "recommandations_id": [29075, 64605], "youtube_key": "notfound"}