{"tmdb_id": 6282, "title": "Coyote Girls", "original_title": "Coyote Ugly", "slug_title": "coyote-girls", "date": "2000-07-30", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Musique / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "D\u00e9laissant sa famille pour partir \u00e0 New York r\u00e9aliser son r\u00eave de devenir une chanteuse c\u00e9l\u00e8bre, Violet passe d\u2019abord d\u2019\u00e9checs en d\u00e9sillusions dans cette ville insensible \u00e0 sa beaut\u00e9 et sa sinc\u00e9rit\u00e9. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 un coup du sort, elle d\u00e9croche un job de barmaid dans un bar aussi original que r\u00e9put\u00e9 et torride : le Coyote Girls Caf\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p3nIrS9rkdVmMmgKAWtGsmAnhGV.jpg", "actors": ["Piper Perabo (Violet Sanford)", "Adam Garcia (Kevin O'Donnell)", "John Goodman (Bill)", "Izabella Miko (Cammie)", "Tyra Banks (Zoe)", "Maria Bello (Lil)", "Bridget Moynahan (Rachel)", "Sarah Jane Morris (Girl at the Surprise Party)", "Melanie Lynskey (Gloria)", "Kaitlin Olson (Bidding Customer)", "Susan Yeagley (Bidding Customer)", "JJ Snyder (Bidding Customer)", "Jill Gettelson (Bidding Customer)", "Whitney Dylan (Fiji Mermaid Worker)", "Melody Perkins (New Coyote)", "Michael Weston (Danny)", "Chip Chinery (Cop)", "Nick Vallelonga (Cop)", "Michael Bay (Photographer)", "Del Pentecost (Lou)", "LeAnn Rimes (LeAnn Rimes)", "Jeremy Rowley (William Morris Receptionist)", "Ellen Cleghorne (Music Publishing Receptionist)", "John Fugelsang (Richie the Booker)", "Bud Cort (Romero)", "Frank Medrano (Walt)", "Elizabeth Beckwith (Management Office Receptionist)", "Diane Hudock (Open Mic Woman)", "Wali Collins (Critch)", "Nicole Ghastin (Lyndsay Morgan)", "Jonathan Klein (Manager)", "Alexandra Balahoutis (Hostess)", "Johnny Knoxville (College Guy)", "Chris Wylde (College Guy)", "Mandy Amano (Dancing Girl in Bar)", "Stephanie Hodge (Dancing Girl in Bar)", "Carla Alapont (Dancing Girl in Bar)", "Allison Ford (Dancing Girl in Bar)", "Kathy Nowrey (Dancing Girl in Bar)", "Joseph Patrick Kelly (Coyote Ugly Bar Patron)", "Greg Collins (Coyote Ugly Bar Patron)", "Stephen Snedden (Customer - Fancy Drinks)", "James T. Sale (Finale Club Drunk)", "Joe Bucaro III (Finale Club Drunk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DoubleUK", "content": "I managed to see this movie on it's first day of screening in New York, back in 2000, just before I went back to Europe.\r\n\r\n'Coyote Ugly' is a nice romantic comedy, perfectly fit for the generation who didn't grow up with 'Flashdance', Saturday Night Fever etc.\r\n\r\nPiper Perado plays the young aspiring song-writer who wants to get a major record-deal, write songs and then safely watch others perform her music. But then there's this little snag, called reality. Although the story is not very surprising it is solid and consistent told. We understand why she ends up on the bar dancing (no spoiler here). And at the same time we understand why her father is disappointed. A fine part played by John Goodman. At times their relationship reminded me of the one Madonna and Danny Aiello had in the 'Father Don't Preach' music-video. Father reluctantly sees his daughter grow up. And she only wants him to be proud of her.\r\n\r\nAfter I saw the trailer on television I immediately went to the REAL Coyote Ugly Saloon on 1st Avenue on which this film was based (unless there's another one, of course). The real bar is not nearly as flashy as it's celluloid counterpart. But they DO hose down annoying customers with beer and there IS dancing on the bar. However by the female customers, rather than the waitresses. But they do get fresh with you if you happen to order something they don't serve. (anything besides beer and Jack Daniels) And they do drink shots with the costumers. Funny detail is that in the movie is explained why they don't get drunk.\r\n\r\nI know, I know, we already have Flashdance. (Also from Bruckheimer) but I don't mind if this type of story is being updated now and then, right? Although the soundtrack could sound a bit more contemporary."}], "recommandations_id": [2752, 9816, 4806, 1844], "youtube_key": "2lqWOOHOwlE"}