{"tmdb_id": 62851, "title": "Sous les Drapeaux, L'Enfer", "original_title": "\u8ecd\u65d7\u306f\u305f\u3081\u304f\u4e0b\u306b", "slug_title": "sous-les-drapeaux-l-enfer", "date": "1972-03-12", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "La veuve d'un sergent enqu\u00eate sur la mort de son mari pendant la seconde Guerre Mondiale. Le minist\u00e8re des arm\u00e9es refuse de lui verser une pension sous pretexte que celui-ci aurait \u00e9t\u00e9 fusill\u00e9 pour d\u00e9sertion.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9q9fqiUGdCoLlVsT9enJaluIPzj.jpg", "actors": ["Sanae Nakahara (Mrs. Ochi)", "Tetsur\u014d Tamba (Sergeant Katsuo Togashi)", "Sachiko Hidari (Sakie Togashi)", "Shinjir\u00f4 Ehara (Military Police Sergeant Nobuyuki Ochi)", "Isao Natsuyagi (2nd Lieutenant Tadahiko Ohashi)", "Yumiko Fujita (Sakie's daughter)", "Noboru Mitani (Pvt. Tsuguo Terajima)", "Taketoshi Nait\u00f4 ()", "K\u00f4ichi Yamamoto ()", "Paul Maki ()", "Mugihito ()", "Sh\u00f4nosuke Ichikawa ()", "Hachiz\u00f4 Fujikawa ()", "Harukazu Kitami ()", "Hiroshi Kitas\u00f4ma ()", "Nenji Kobayashi ()", "Takashi Sue ()", "Mayumi Fujisato ()", "Y\u00fbko Hideshima ()", "Kazuko Utsumi ()", "Setsuko Tanaka ()", "Giichi Sugi ()", "G\u00f4z\u00f4 S\u00f4ma ()", "Masazumi Okabe ()", "K\u00f4ji Miemachi ()", "Hirotaka Motoyama ()", "Takashi Matsumoto ()", "Shigeru Mochimaru ()", "Jack Maurice ()", "Satar\u014d Taki ()", "Shintar\u00f4 Mishima ()", "Kan'emon Nakamura (Major Senda)", "Sakae Umezu ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "watchman", "content": "No big-budget battle picture, this is a small, intimate chamber of moral horrors. Fukasaku spares neither his characters nor his viewers to deliver a personal anti-war film that indicts an entire social system. \r\n\r\nPeople are tested to the breaking point, without meaning or goal except to escape a miserable death. By the end of the story, you are invited to conclude that no one who felt the brunt of the war survived it; that in truth the Japanese nation did not survive. Those who stay more or less intact seem frankly superhuman.\r\n\r\nProminently featured: sham leadership, ethical vacuity, corruption, betrayal, guilt, and an individual struggle to to avoid being overwhelmed and erased. The flesh-and-blood characters double as social types in a harsh allegory of Japan\u2019s collective refusal to admit unbearable truths. \r\n\r\nLittle by little, the full weight of blame is laid on civil and military authorities. The Japanese Emperor himself is presented with a kind of grisly bar tab: 3.1 million Japanese lives lost to the war. It\u2019s been said with reason that this movie is too accusatory be made in Japan today. \r\n\r\nRelentless as he may be, you never detect in Fukasaku an attitude either of cruelty or of smug superiority. He acknowledges human weakness, without quite excusing it; but his utmost condemnation is reserved for societies that recklessly sacrifice their citizens in the pursuit of power. \r\n\r\nSachiko Hidari\u2019s performance gives the movie its moral center. Though the tone is often surreal, there is never a false note from any of the actors. It\u2019s really great work all round. \r\n\r\nThe 2005 North American DVD release features a clean 16:9 transfer, and some unusually helpful extras."}], "recommandations_id": [101929, 159403, 159401, 96250]}