{"tmdb_id": 62, "title": "2001 l'Odyss\u00e9e de l'espace", "original_title": "2001: A Space Odyssey", "slug_title": "2001-l-odyssee-de-l-espace", "date": "1968-04-09", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Myst\u00e8re / Aventure", "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "Aux temps pr\u00e9historiques, une petite tribu d\u2019hommes-singes intall\u00e9e au milieu de rochers arides lutte difficilement pour la vie. Un matin, ils trouvent devant eux une myst\u00e9rieuse dalle noire monolitique. L\u2019un des singes touche la pierre et apprend alors \u00e0 se servir d\u2019un os de quadrup\u00e8de pour tuer ses ennemis... Quatre millions d\u2019ann\u00e9es plus tard, en 2001, un savant de l\u2019espace, le Dr Heywood Floyd, d\u00e9barque sur la lune pour examiner une dalle noire semblable \u00e0 celle des singes, qui \u00e9tait ent\u00e9rr\u00e9e sous la surface de l\u2019astre, selon les premi\u00e8res observations, l'objet \u00e9mettrait un signal myst\u00e9rieux...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/28k8psDQ32ROvfHlvEoH8OGCas6.jpg", "actors": ["Keir Dullea (Dr. David Bowman)", "Gary Lockwood (Dr. Frank Poole)", "William Sylvester (Dr. Heywood Floyd)", "Douglas Rain (HAL 9000 (voice))", "Daniel Richter (Moonwatcher)", "Leonard Rossiter (Dr. Andrei Smyslov)", "Margaret Tyzack (Elena)", "Robert Beatty (Dr. Ralph Halvorsen)", "Sean Sullivan (Dr. Roy Michaels)", "Frank Miller (Mission Controller)", "Ed Bishop (Aries-1B Lunar Shuttle Captain)", "Edwina Carroll (Aries-1B Stewardess)", "Heather Downham (Stewardess)", "Penny Brahms (Stewardess)", "Maggie d'Abo (Stewardess)", "Chela Matthison (Stewardess)", "Judy Kiern (Voiceprint Identification Girl)", "Alan Gifford (Poole's Father)", "Ann Gillis (Poole's Mother)", "Vivian Kubrick (Floyd's daughter (uncredited))", "Kenneth Kendall (BBC-12 Announcer)", "Kevin Scott (Miller)", "Martin Amor (Interviewer Martin Amor)", "Bill Weston (Astronaut)", "Glenn Beck (Astronaut)", "Mike Lovell (Astronaut)", "John Ashley (Ape)", "Jimmy Bell (Ape)", "David Charkham (Ape)", "Simon Davis (Ape)", "Jonathan Daw (Ape)", "P\u00e9ter Delm\u00e1r (Ape)", "Terry Duggan (Ape Attacked by Leopard)", "David Fleetwood (Ape)", "Danny Grover (Ape)", "Brian Hawley (Ape)", "David Hines (Ape)", "Tony Jackson (Ape)", "John Jordan (Ape)", "Scott MacKee (Ape)", "Laurence Marchant (Ape)", "Darryl Paes (Ape)", "Joe Refalo (Ape)", "Andy Wallace (Ape)", "Bob Wilyman (Ape)", "Richard Woods (Ape Killed by Moon-Watcher)", "S. Newton Anderson (Young Man (uncredited))", "Sheraton Blount ((uncredited))", "Ann Bormann ((uncredited))", "Julie Croft ((uncredited))", "Penny Francis ((uncredited))", "Marcella Markham ((uncredited))", "Irena Marr (Russian Scientist (uncredited))", "Krystyna Marr (Russian Scientist (uncredited))", "Kim Neil ((uncredited))", "Jane Pearl ((uncredited))", "Penny Pearl ((uncredited))", "Burnell Tucker (TMA-1 Site Photographer (uncredited))", "John Swindells (TMA-1 Site Technician #1 (uncredited))", "John Clifford (TMA-1 Site Technician #2 (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "markuspm", "content": "There are many great predictions hinting to future (it is from 1968 - can you believe it?) innovations throughout the movie. I might not have found all them because I keep falling asleep while watching it but I will keep trying to find them all."}, {"pseudo": "izgzhen", "content": "I believe that we should call it a modernism show, albeit exhibited in the form of a movie. While it might feel \"boring\", it forces you to rethink what philosophical level that a two-hour film can achieve. The focus on questions about life, intelligence, and time, is worth more attention than the sci-fi part (though the special effect of this movie is already way ahead of its time)."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb47633491", "content": "The eighth wonder of the world. Easily 30+ viewings since I was a little kid. Nothing new to say here; simply wanted to add another pair of hands to the ocean of applause for my absolute favorite thing, the only indisputably perfect movie, the answer to the question of Is Life Worth Living, Man's greatest achievement, two thousand one a burger-flipping space odyssey"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I got this movie recently when it came out on Ultra HD Blu-ray simply because it was missing in my collection and, being a Sci-Fi fan, missing 2001 in my collection simply would not do. It is a movie that was made to rely almost entirely on the visuals. It could be said that it is a visual symphony if that makes sense. Thus it was filmed on 70 mm film and in 6 channel stereo which, at the time was a huge thing. Thanks to this it actually made some sense to transfer this movie to Ultra HD Blu-ray since the originals were really good enough even though the movie was made in 1968.\r\n\r\nI remember watching this movie as a kid and was profoundly disappointed. I thought come on, where\u2019s the adventure, not to mention any form of action? Today I can more appreciate it for what it is. A visually stunning movie. I also can more appreciate the fact that the movie is trying to be scientifically accurate instead of going all out on the fiction part. The parts where gravity, or rather the lack thereof, was portrayed, that was really high tech movie making at the time. I also noticed now, when re-watching it, that all the screens are actually flat which also was really far in the future at the time. Actually it was still pretty much in the future back in 2001.\r\n\r\nHowever, even today, I have to say that I find the movie excruciatingly boring. It is two and a half hour long and it moves very, very slowly. It takes 50 minutes of movie time before we actually get to the main part of the movie and get onto the Discovery for instance. No matter how great the visuals are, there\u2019s only so much boredom I can stand before it starts to get to me.\r\n\r\nIn the last 30 minutes or so the movie starts to become very psychedelic. The part where Bowman is pulled into the vortex, the stargate, is going on forever and in the end it just becomes a blur of headache inducing color effects. The final parts of the movie with the three Bowmans of different ages is just weird.\r\n\r\nSo,as this is a non-professional and personal take on the movie I cannot really motivate more than 3 out of 5 stars.\r\n\r\nI hadn\u2019t actually planned to review this movie. Everything has really already been said about it but I could not refrain after having read this crap at Rotten Tomatoes:\r\n\r\nCritics Consensus: One of the most influential of all sci-fi films \u2014 and one of the most controversial \u2014 Stanley Kubrick\u2019s 2001 is a delicate, poetic meditation on the ingenuity \u2014 and folly \u2014 of mankind.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s pretty well known that Rotten Tomatoes is the absolutely worst movie rating site around and the so called \u201ccritics\u201d are useless culture elite morons with an over-inflated opinion about themselves at best and politically motivated SJW asswipes at worst but still.\r\n\r\nWhat the hell is controversial about it? Reality check, there\u2019s really nothing controversial about it at all. It is just a fictional story in the future. Then we have that crap \u201cthe folly\u201d. What bloody folly? If anything the movie shows a much better future  than what we got. A future where the politicians apparently promoted advancement of science and space exploration which is the direct opposite to the money and oxygen wasters we have today.\r\n\r\nSure, if you indulge too much in smoking funny mushrooms or are politically motivated you can probably \u201cinterpret\u201d the hell out of any movie and \u201cfind\u201d whatever message you want but it is still bullshit.\r\n\r\nWell, that was my (controversial?) take on 2001."}], "recommandations_id": [935, 185, 28, 600]}