{"tmdb_id": 630, "title": "Le Magicien d'Oz", "original_title": "The Wizard of Oz", "slug_title": "le-magicien-d-oz", "date": "1939-08-15", "genre": "Aventure / Familial / Fantastique", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Dorothy Gale, une jeune orpheline, est \u00e9lev\u00e9e dans une ferme du Kansas tenue par sa tante et son oncle. Son chien Toto \u00e9tant pers\u00e9cut\u00e9 par la m\u00e9chante Almira Gulch, Dorothy demande aux trois ouvriers de la ferme de le prot\u00e9ger. Cependant personne ne semble prendre au s\u00e9rieux les craintes de la jeune fille. Almira Gulch finit par s'emparer de Toto avec l'intention de le tuer. Mais le chien s'\u00e9chappe et retourne pr\u00e8s de Dorothy qui d\u00e9cide alors de s'enfuir. Arriv\u00e9e \u00e0 la ferme, une tornade se forme avant que Dorothy ne puisse se r\u00e9fugier dans la cave...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gU0bmEOhphba1d7Ky1vDhFK5gGK.jpg", "actors": ["Judy Garland (Dorothy Gale)", "Frank Morgan (Professor Marvel / The Wizard of Oz)", "Ray Bolger ('Hunk' / The Scarecrow)", "Bert Lahr ('Zeke' / The Cowardly Lion)", "Jack Haley ('Hickory' / The Tin Man)", "Billie Burke (Glinda the Good Witch of the North)", "Margaret Hamilton (Elmira Gulch / The Wicked Witch of the West)", "Charley Grapewin (Uncle Henry)", "Clara Blandick (Auntie Em)", "The Singer Midgets (The Munchkins)", "Pat Walshe (Nikko)", "Terry (Toto)", "Jerry Maren (Lollipop Guild Member (uncredited))", "Parnell St. Aubin (Munchkin Soldier)", "Paul Rodriguez (Munchkin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Timeless classic still entertaining the masses as each new generation comes in.\r\n\r\nDorothy is a young girl living on a Kansas farm, during a tornado, she, along with her dog Toto, is swept up and plonked down in a magical and mysterious land known as Oz. Desperate to get back home and under threat from a wicked witch, she is advised to seek out a great wizard who should be able to help her get back home. As she sets off and on her way, she meets and befriends a wonderful array of characters whom also have something to ask of the fabled wizard, it's a journey that will prove to be both magical and fraught with danger.\r\n\r\nThe Wizard Of Oz is a film that has been pored over and dissected from almost everyone involved in the wonderful world of film. One thing that strikes me every time I view it is that there not only is no place like home, there is also no film like The Wizard Of Oz, and really, when all is said and done, there is unlikely to be another film of its ilk to ever grace the silver screen. Upon multiple viewings only the most biased of film fan could say that it is a technically perfect picture, it clearly isn't. At times it's a wee bit creaky and when scrutinised, some of the performances in the piece are far from an excellent standard, but crucially any misgivings are quickly erased due to the wonder of it all, this is because the film has an ability to transport everybody who is watching into OZ alongside Dorothy.\r\n\r\nThe Wizard Of Oz appeals (and caters) to every demographic and pretty much any age group, we have adventure, the meeting of new friends, fears and trepidations, booming colour, songs to singalong with, and of course the total point of homely values. The Wizard Of Oz stands up well 70 years later because it taps into all the emotions available to the human being, be it a young child spellbound on a first viewing, or an octogenarian couple of grandparents wistfully humming along to the tunes, it's a film that shouldn't be dissected looking for faults and hidden meanings, it's a film that should be loved and praised for the ode to fantastical whimsy that it so obviously is.\r\n\r\nThe film of course will forever be associated with its darling star, Judy Garland. Viewing now, and knowing what a sad life she would eventually lead, The Wizard Of Oz is a fitting picture on which to remember what a magical and wonderful performer she was. Myself as a lump of waning machismo, I have no shame in saying that as Judy sings Somewhere Over The Rainbow I melt and feel as though I'm being sent spinning into another world, that's the power of the piece, as a sepia Kansas becomes the glorious colour of Oz, nothing else in my world matters, I'm in hook line and sinker.\r\n\r\nThere are many interesting back stories to the picture, with books galore available to anyone interested. Some notes that might interest you being the original castings to be W.C. Fields, Shirley Temple and Deanna Durbin, munchkins running riot, drunken cast members, sadness and suicides, and grizzled old pros fighting hard not to let Garland steal the picture. Well it makes for a great read, for sure, but what remains to this day is one of the most beloved pictures to have ever been made, for once in the pantheon of great cinema we have a film that is termed a classic, that actually deserves to have that tag!\r\n\r\nOne of the great things about the advent of technology is that it can benefit old classic movies to make them better, for now we can view remastered editions of The Wizard Of Oz and appreciate even more what a great job the makers did. Keep your eyes on Dorothy's Ruby Slippers during the film and see how they are the sparkling important character that they should be, or take in the brilliant work of the make up crew, the tiniest of rivets on The Tin Man a testament to the brilliant work that goes into bringing magic to our lives. Get the newest copy you can and then also see it on the biggest screen available to you because The Wizard Of Oz is a 10/10 movie. And then some."}, {"pseudo": "Cat Ellington", "content": "'Oh, Auntie Em, there's no place like home!'\r\n\u2014 Dorothy Gale\r\n\r\nThere were two beloved and highly fabled films that my immediate family and I\u2014while in the comforts of our home\u2014never missed during the Easter holiday weekend of each year: The Ten Commandments (ABC), and The Wizard of Oz (CBS) - an unsurpassed duo of the most tremendously blessed movies in motion picture history.\r\n\r\nMany a generational - both past and present - has already seen this musical masterpiece, whether in its original film format, or in its stage adaptation. And without a doubt, it will continue to amaze future generations. Iconic and mesmerizing, The Wizard of Oz (produced during the Great Depression era) is a classic on so many great levels: Screenplay; cinematography; set design; costumes; beautiful Technicolor; the award-winning songs of Herbert Stothart (score), and Harold Arlen & E.Y. Harburg (lyrics: the pair wrote \"Over the Rainbow\"); cutting edge special effects ... And superior performances. Yet another cinematic honoree in the Library of Congress National Film Registry, Langley, Ryerson, and Woolf's The Wizard of Oz is set in stone as one of the greatest efforts in motion picture storytelling to ever be released for general viewing ... Not to mention one of the most mimicked.\r\n\r\nThe cast includes: Judy Garland as our beloved and resilient protagonist Dorothy; Frank Morgan, starring in a quintet of roles: The Wizard, Professor Marvel, the Doorman, the Cabbie, and the Guard; Bert Lahr, in his memorable roles as both Zeke and the Cowardly Lion; Jack Haley as both Hickory and the Tin Man; Ray Bolger as both Hunk and the Scarecrow ... And let us not forget the legendary Margaret Hamilton, as both Miss Gulch and The Wicked Witch of the West. These, in addition to a second to none list of supporting players, make for one exceptionally performed ensemble. Outstanding creativity. Exquisite direction.\r\n\r\nIt was not my wish, as I composed this review, to go into detail (not even minorly) concerning the plot here, because, as I'd indicated earlier, many a generational has already witnessed this filmed phenomenon. And for me to have rehashed a summary of its plot would have been simply redundant.\r\n\r\nDirected by Academy Award-winner Victor Fleming (Gone with the Wind), The Wizard of Oz will always have the authority to command my love, my admiration, my awe, and my fascination. Always.\r\n\r\nFive out of five well-earned stars."}], "recommandations_id": [1585, 15121, 252, 2493]}