{"tmdb_id": 63207, "title": "Intruders", "original_title": "Intruders", "slug_title": "intruders", "date": "2011-09-12", "genre": "Thriller / Horreur / Fantastique", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Bien qu'ils appartiennent \u00e0 des mondes culturellement et g\u00e9ographiquement distincts, deux enfants, Juan (Iz\u00e1n Corchero) en Espagne et Mia (Ella Purnell) en Angleterre, re\u00e7oivent chaque nuit la visite d'un intrus sans visage, un individu terrifiant qui cherche \u00e0 prendre possession de leur \u00eatre. Sa pr\u00e9sence devient de plus en plus oppressante, s'immis\u00e7ant petit \u00e0 petit dans leur quotidien et celui de leurs proches. L'angoisse atteint son paroxysme quand leurs parents deviennent eux aussi t\u00e9moins de ces apparitions.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qw4HDXCFiyAz9kaLivYEhj1Zq29.jpg", "actors": ["Clive Owen (John Farrow)", "Carice van Houten (Susanna)", "Ella Purnell (Mia Farrow)", "Daniel Br\u00fchl (Father Antonio)", "Pilar L\u00f3pez de Ayala (Luisa)", "Kerry Fox (Dr. Rachel)", "Iz\u00e1n Corchero (Juan)", "Ella Hunt (Ella Foster)", "Imogen Gray (Lilly)", "Michael Nardone (Frank)", "Mark Wingett (Dave)", "Natasha Dosanjh (Aisha)", "H\u00e9ctor Alterio (Old Priest)", "Adrian Rawlins (Police Inspector)", "Ralph Ineson (Alarm Installer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hollow Face - Big Heart?\r\n\r\nTwo children, one in Spain, the other in England, are experiencing terrifying visits by the same demon who wants to possess them. The only viable link is that both children are writing a story...\r\n\r\nA joint Spanish/English language production, Intruders is the sort of frustrating picture that has big and bold ideas on the page, but sadly on the screen in unfolds laboriously as it bites off more than it can chew. It came as no surprise to myself to find that upon opening internet sites frequented by horror fans, Intruders has greatly disappointed them. It's rarely frightening, sags desperately in the middle section, the pay off is weak, and ultimately it only skirts the boundaries of being a \"horror\" film.\r\n\r\nSo, the lack of shocks and suspense in bona fide horror terms needs to be tempered with genre expectation levels, this is more a family drama with fantastical horror elements lurking around the edges of the frame. This of course doesn't help anyone, like myself, who has bought into plot synopsis and the marketing strategy that accompanied the picture, but if able to see past the faceless demon that appears occasionally and promises something else? There's a decent and honest adult film pulsing away here.\r\n\r\nClive Owen plays the troubled father of the piece and he once again, as he did in Trust, shows that given this type of material he can deliver a performance of emotional substance. He's backed up by a very strong turn from young Ella Purnell as his daughter, and with the tech credits high - most notably Roque Ba\u00f1os' superb musical score - there is much to enjoy here. But as thoughtful as it is, and as solid as the film makers credentials are, it's reputation is unlikely to be enhanced anytime soon. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [50497, 101669, 27588, 46261]}