{"tmdb_id": 6346, "title": "L'H\u00e9ritage de la haine", "original_title": "The Chamber", "slug_title": "l-heritage-de-la-haine", "date": "1996-10-11", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune avocat, Adam Hall, fervent opposant \u00e0 la peine de mort, s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 plaider le dossier le plus \u00e9pineux et le plus dramatique de sa carri\u00e8re : celui de son grand-p\u00e8re, Sam Cayhall, le plus vieux condamn\u00e9 \u00e0 mort des \u00c9tats-Unis, qui doit \u00eatre ex\u00e9cute d'ici vingt-huit jours pour un attentat \u00e0 la bombe ayant entra\u00een\u00e9 la mort de deux enfants en 1967.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bKlBOxZ065YKptenQc5kAkocEe.jpg", "actors": ["Chris O'Donnell (Adam Hall)", "Gene Hackman (Sam Cayhall)", "Faye Dunaway (Lee Cayhall Bowen)", "Robert Prosky (E. Garner Goodman)", "Lela Rochon (Nora Stark)", "Bo Jackson (Sgt. Clyde Packer)", "Millie Perkins (Ruth Kramer)", "David Marshall Grant (Gov. David McAllister)", "Raymond J. Barry (Rollie Wedge)", "Nicholas Pryor (Judge Flynn F. Slattery)", "Richard Bradford (Wyn Lettner)", "Harve Presnell (Attorney General Roxburgh)", "Josef Sommer (Phelps Bowen)", "Jane Kaczmarek (Dr. Anne Biddows)", "Seth Isler (Marvin B. Kramer)", "Greg Elam (Joe Lincoln)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you spend half as much time trying to be a lawyer instead of trying to be Dick Tracy, I might not be dead in five days.\r\n\r\nThe Chamber is directed by James Foley and adapted to screenplay by William Goldman and Phil Alden Robinson from the John Grisham novel of the same name. It stars Gene Hackman, Chris O'Donnell, Faye Dunnaway, Lela Rochon and Robert Prosky. Music is by Carter Burwell and cinematography by Ian Baker.\r\n\r\nYoung attorney Adam Hall (O'Donnell) fights to keep his Klansman grandfather, Sam Cayhall (Hackman), from the gas chamber.\r\n\r\nGrisham famously slated the film, even shouldering some of the blame himself, it's not hard to see why. It's a legal drama without any drama, it plods aimlessly along, getting by on Hackman's fully committed performance. At times it forgets its legal duties and gets wrapped up in family strife, which would be OK if this aspect of the story had anything worthwhile to say, it doesn't, and you can see the cast and director straining to make a two hour talkathon worthy of your time. It isn't, sadly, making it the poorest Grisham adaptation to screen. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11062, 11060, 9422, 29973]}