{"tmdb_id": 63687, "title": "Circo", "original_title": "Circo", "slug_title": "circo", "date": "2011-04-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "Tino Ponce operates Circo Mexico, which journeys across the Mexican countryside in search of paying customers. Wanting to please his father and continue the family business, Ponce has recruited his young children as performers while laboring night and day to maintain the circus's faltering financial fortunes. But a growing resentment brewing within his wife about their hardscrabble existence suggests troubles on the horizon. While documenting the brutal regimen of circus life, Circo also peels back the curtain on the Ponce family's inner dynamics, revealing generational divides and money worries that threaten to tear apart a marriage. Buttressed by indie-rock band Calexico's evocative score, Schock's film observes this family drama with a sympathetic but clear-eyed view of a vanishing way of life. And because Circo refuses to be sentimental in its handling of the material, the story's twists become all the more poignant", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m7Iu5dMCfakAmjF9bzmIKsPc3Bq.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pancine", "content": "Fine doc. about one of the many small circuses throughout the world struggling to keep their way of life viable. Good,talented and hardworking people. Very different existence than mundane town life. Hopefully the small circuses of the world will never strike tents for the last time."}], "recommandations_id": [324285], "youtube_key": "K6DPx6KE7AQ"}