{"tmdb_id": 63852, "title": "NFL Super Bowl XLV Champions: Green Bay Packers", "original_title": "NFL Super Bowl XLV Champions: Green Bay Packers", "slug_title": "nfl-super-bowl-xlv-champions-green-bay-packers", "date": "2011-03-08", "genre": "", "score": "3.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a8fpkUL0PabqTcSp8jdRvlPJJ2g.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "eric.stephani", "content": "Green Bay has won more championships than any franchise in NFL history. But it is unlikely that any of those titles were more difficult to achieve than the one claimed by the 2010 Packers. Early on, head coach Mike McCarthy\u2019s squad was plagued by a staggering 15 players lost to injury, including six opening-day starters. Beginning in mid-December, the Pack had to win every week simply to qualify for the postseason. They followed this amazing run with road playoff victories against three division champions (including the arch-rival Chicago Bears), becoming the NFC\u2019s first Number 6 seed ever to reach the Super Bowl. Green Bay then capped their amazing streak by knocking off the powerful Pittsburgh Steelers deep in the heart of Texas on Super Sunday. From the aerial masterpieces painted by quarterback Aaron Rodgers and receiver Greg Jennings to the stonewalling efforts of Charles Woodson, Clay Matthews and the rest of the NFC\u2019s top-ranked defense, NFL Films captures all the vivid sounds and images of every game in this memorable season. It\u2019s all here, from opening day right through the world championship celebration. Relive all the thrilling moments that brought the return of the hallowed Vince Lombardi trophy to its rightful home \u2013 back to Wisconsin and Titletown, USA."}], "recommandations_id": []}