{"tmdb_id": 6393, "title": "Filofax", "original_title": "Taking Care of Business", "slug_title": "filofax", "date": "1990-08-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Jimmy Dworski \u00e9vad\u00e9 de sa prison va trouver par hasard l'agenda Filofax d'un riche homme d'affaires. Il m\u00e8ne alors une existence de r\u00eave sous l'identit\u00e9 de Spencer Barnes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yVs2wx0BuCbxB2fOraUFVxI4oZK.jpg", "actors": ["James Belushi (Jimmy Dworski)", "Charles Grodin (Spencer Barnes)", "Anne De Salvo (Debbie Lipton)", "Loryn Locklin (Jewel Bentley)", "Stephen Elliott (Walter Bentley)", "H\u00e9ctor Elizondo (Warden Toolman)", "Veronica Hamel (Elizabeth Barnes)", "Mako (Mr. Sakamoto)", "Gates McFadden (Diane Connors)", "John de Lancie (Ted Bradford Jr.)", "Thom Sharp (Mike Steward)", "Ken Foree (J.B., Prisoner making demands)", "Burke Byrnes (Prison Guard)", "Stanley DeSantis (Airport Car Rental Man)", "Buddy Daniels (Gang Member)", "Chris Barnes (Luggage Boy)", "Andrew Amador (Prison Reporter)", "Louisa Abernathy (Guard)", "Michael Kinney (Malibu Jail Guard)", "John Marshall Jones (LeBradford Brown)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Svumpukkel85", "content": "6/10 Nice filofax...\r\n\r\n......said no one ever in 2018!\r\n\r\nA nostalgic trip to a wierd past. I liked it for a 90's movie, and it is cute, but not very funny. But a feel-gooder and everyone is nice and happy, but somehow brain-dead - like it is supposed to be!\r\n\r\nBut I was surprised how sexist and racist it was in comedy movies from the 90's! Not something I had ever questioned before. Like this fun reviewer noticed:\r\n\r\n> One of the really great qualities of this movie was just how racist, anti-semitic, and sterotypical it was. Did Spencer get lost in a bad neighborhood and ask for directions, only to get mugged? Yup. Was their a talkative, annoying, single Jewish woman? You betcha. Was the President of the company Japanese, leading to lots of references to their culture like being on time, bowing, respect, and politeness? You know it.\r\n[90' sterotypes in comedy](https://www.sportwatchers.com/single-post/2016/12/21/Spovie-Review-Taking-Care-of-Business)"}], "recommandations_id": [2612, 26261, 16814, 37718]}