{"tmdb_id": 640, "title": "Arr\u00eate-moi si tu peux", "original_title": "Catch Me If You Can", "slug_title": "arrete-moi-si-tu-peux", "date": "2002-12-25", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es soixante, le jeune Frank Abagnale Jr. est pass\u00e9 ma\u00eetre dans l'art de l'escroquerie, allant jusqu'\u00e0 d\u00e9tourner 2,5 millions de dollars et \u00e0 figurer sur les listes du FBI comme l'un des dix individus les plus recherch\u00e9s des Etats-Unis. V\u00e9ritable cam\u00e9l\u00e9on, Frank rev\u00eat des identit\u00e9s aussi diverses que celles de pilote de ligne, de m\u00e9decin, de professeur d'universit\u00e9 ou encore d'assistant du procureur. Carl Hanratty, agent du FBI \u00e0 l'apparence stricte, fait de la traque de Frank Abagnale Jr. sa mission prioritaire, mais ce dernier reste pendant longtemps insaisissable...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qMKVkpI2q7bFLL10Zczv8xZH7np.jpg", "actors": ["Leonardo DiCaprio (Frank Abagnale Jr.)", "Tom Hanks (Carl Hanratty)", "Christopher Walken (Frank Abagnale)", "Martin Sheen (Roger Strong)", "Nathalie Baye (Paula Abagnale)", "Amy Adams (Brenda Strong)", "James Brolin (Jack Barnes)", "Brian Howe (Earl Amdursky)", "Frank John Hughes (Tom Fox)", "Steve Eastin (Paul Morgan)", "Chris Ellis (Special Agent Witkins)", "John Finn (Assistant Director Marsh)", "Jennifer Garner (Cheryl Ann)", "Nancy Lenehan (Carol Strong)", "Ellen Pompeo (Marci)", "Elizabeth Banks (Lucy)", "Guy Thauvette (Warden Garren)", "Candice Azzara (Darcy)", "Matthew Kimbrough (Loan Officer)", "Joshua Boyd (Football Player)", "Kaitlin Doubleday (Joanna)", "Kelly McNair (Girl #1)", "Jonathan Dankner (Student #1 (as Jonathan Danker))", "Maggie Mellin (Teacher)", "Thomas Kopache (Principal Evans)", "Margaret Travolta (Ms. Davenport)", "Jimmie F. Skaggs (Bartender)", "Alex Hyde-White (Mr. Kesner)", "Lilyan Chauvin (Mrs. Lavalier)", "Eugene Fleming (Ticket Clerk)", "Robert Ruth (Hotel Manager)", "Jennifer Manley (Ashley)", "James Morrison (Pilot)", "Robert Symonds (Mr. Rosen)", "Jennifer Kan (Female Bank Teller)", "Robert Curtis Brown (Front Desk Clerk)", "Kelly Hutchinson (Young Female Teller)", "Steve Witting (Manager)", "Wendy Worthington (Receptionist)", "Jane Bodle (TWA Ticket Agent)", "J. Patrick McCormack (Auctioneer)", "Brian Goodman (Motel Owner)", "Ray Proscia (Salesman)", "Sarah Lancaster (Riverbend Woman)", "Jill Matson (Riverbend Woman)", "Mike Baldridge (Terry)", "Joel Ewing (Party Guy)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Young Doctor)", "Jim Antonio (Victor Griffith)", "Angela Sorensen (Party Girl)", "Jonathan Brent (Dr. Ashland)", "Benita Krista Nall (Emergency Nurse)", "Shane Edelman (Doctor Harris)", "Andrew Meeks (Young Patient)", "Morgan Rusler (FBI Agent)", "Jane Edith Wilson (Bar Examiner)", "Dave Hager (Judge)", "Kyle Davis (Kid)", "Patrick Thomas O'Brien (Mr. Hendricks (as Patrick T. O'Brien))", "Jaime Ray Newman (Monica)", "Deborah Kellner (Debra Jo)", "Mercedes Cornett (Heather)", "Amy Acker (Miggy)", "Robert Peters (FBI Agent)", "James DuMont (FBI Agent (as James Dumont))", "Thomas Crawford (FBI Agent)", "Sarah Rush (Secretary)", "Malachi Throne (Abe Penner)", "Alfred Dennis (Ira Penner)", "Max Kerstein (Penner Brother)", "Donna Kimball (TWA Stewardess)", "Jan Munroe (Captain Oliver)", "Stephen Dunham (Pilot)", "Brandon Keener (Pilot)", "Jasmine Jessica Anthony (Little Girl)", "Anthony Powers (NY Savings Bank Manager)", "Lauren Cohn (Female Teller)", "Jeremy Howard (Teen Waiter)", "Jack Knight (Man #3)", "Jamie Anderson (Ilene)", "Kam Heskin (Candy)", "Ana Maria Quintana (Hotel Maid)", "Gerald R. Molen (FBI Agent (as Gerald Molen))", "Celine du Tertre (Little Girl on Street)", "Stan Bly (Blind Man)", "Jamie Moss (Young Man)", "Jessica Collins (Peggy)", "Frank Abagnale Jr. (French Policeman (as Frank W. Abagnale))", "Roger L\u00e9ger (Prison Guard (as Roger L\u00e8ger))", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Blanchard (French Police Captain)", "Mathieu Gaudreault (French Police)", "Guy-Daniel Tremblay (French Police (as Guy Daniel Tremblay))", "Alexander Bisping (French Police (as Alexandre Bisping))", "Patrice Dussault  (French Police)", "Paul Todd (Maitre D')", "Jake Wagner (Kid)", "Ashley Cohen (Party Twin)", "Kelly Cohen (Party Twin)", "Ellis Hall (Piano Player / Singer)", "Steven Meizler (Piano Player)", "Fred Datig (Co-Pilot)", "Joe Garagiola, Sr. (Himself (as Joe Garagiola))", "Kitty Carlisle (Herself (as Kitty Carlisle Hart))", "Dominic Bond (Choir)", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois Brousseau (Choir)", "Francis Campeau (Choir)", "Rapha\u00ebl Cardin (Choir)", "Marc-Antoine C\u00f4t\u00e9 (Choir)", "Antoine Drolet-Dumoulin (Choir)", "L\u00e9on Dussault-Gagn\u00e9 (Choir)", "Simon Houle-Gauthier (Choir)", "Vincent G\u00e9n\u00e9reux (Choir)", "S\u00e9bastien Jean (Choir)", "Pascal Larouche (Choir)", "William Lauzon (Choir)", "Florent Legault (Choir)", "Jason McNally (Choir)", "Julien Normandeau (Choir)", "David Parent-Lalibert\u00e9 (Choir)", "Alexandre Pepin (Choir)", "Nicolas Radeschi (Choir)", "Jonathan Ren\u00e9 (Choir)", "Samuel St-Amour (Choir)", "Jesse Heiman (Student (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "This was an entertaining and fun piece of film making from the ever-reliable Steven Spielberg. It is a bit of a depart from his usual full-blown and hugely epic pictures, yet this does not detract at all from the fascinating story of Frank Abagnale Jr. I was interested in this man before I'd seen the movie, and it only served to increase my interest. Although it is important to remember (as with any such film) that this is only 'inspired' by a true story and not told word for word from one, the plot is fascinating and keeps you laughing, crying and wondering until the end.\r\n\r\nFrank Abagnale Jr. is an astounding and interesting character. The real life Abagnale originally said that he did not believe DiCaprio to be 'suave' enough to play the role, but he certainly does pull it off. DiCaprio's acting is superb, and totally believable as a man who could lie to, deceive, and con everyone he met without once losing any of his charisma or charm. Hanks is also excellent, he plays the role of the obsessed FBI agent well, and also with a likable quality. The interaction between these two characters was great, it was interesting to see a budding relationship slowly build between two characters who were actually positioned against one another.\r\n\r\nI loved the look of the film. It was a refreshing blast to see the 60s portrayed in such a vivid and colorful way. The whole setting and atmosphere of the film gave it a wonderful and almost (I hesitate to use the word) 'magical' sense. This tone appealed to me much more than a darker tone might have.\r\n\r\nHowever, the film is rife with moral ambiguity. As much fun as it is to watch DiCaprio jumping from one place (and identity) to the next, forging checks and spending inordinate amounts of money at a whim, the film never really focuses on the morally bankrupt side of the story. The portion of the film devoted to this at the end still seems to skim over the fact that this man has stolen millions of dollars. It ends on a high note for Frank Abagnale Jr., never fully spelling out the wrongs he committed. Still, this would probably bring the whole film down, and sometimes it's fun just to enjoy a bit of escapism without being told off for desiring such things. I mean, it's hard to be totally strict and upright - you have to love it when DiCaprio's character swindles Jennifer Garner's prostitute for $400!\r\n\r\nOverall, this is a fun film and really enjoyable. Not as much of an epic masterpiece as some of Spielberg's other movies, but still a great film!"}], "recommandations_id": [1372, 2567, 594, 1422]}