{"tmdb_id": 64131, "title": "Mauvais sang", "original_title": "Mauvais Sang", "slug_title": "mauvais-sang", "date": "1986-11-26", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Sous l'accablante chaleur d\u00e9gag\u00e9e par la com\u00e8te de Halley, la population parisienne est frapp\u00e9e par un virus tuant ceux qui font l'amour sans s'aimer. D\u00e8s lors, deux bandes rivales vont se disputer le germe de ce virus qui devrait permettre de cr\u00e9er un vaccin et sauver la population.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iYjybqVNhlC9sqnXqzlb2Yqlhlp.jpg", "actors": ["Juliette Binoche (Anna)", "Denis Lavant (Alex dit \"Langue pendue\")", "Michel Piccoli (Marc)", "Hans Meyer (Hans)", "Julie Delpy (Lise)", "Carroll Brooks (The American woman)", "Hugo Pratt (Boris)", "Mireille Perrier (The young mother)", "Serge Reggiani (Charlie)", "J\u00e9r\u00f4me Zucca (Thomas)", "Paul Handford ()", "Charles Schmitt ()", "Fran\u00e7ois N\u00e9gret ()", "Philippe Fretun ()", "Thomas Peckre ()", "Ralph Brown ()", "Eric Vasberg ()", "Leos Carax (Le voyeur du quartier (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "EmkEyen", "content": "Mauvais Sang is at core a crime movie, but the crime serves only as a skeleton. The flesh is the passion of unrequited love and the cerebral processing of the same. Lise loves Alex who loves Anna that loves Mark. Mark, on the other hand, is afraid of The American Woman who was once lovers with Alex father and who will kill him unless he pays the debts of himself and his companions within two weeks. In the nerve system is the libido at hold as a strange virus affects untruthful lovers, which is also the device that cuts through the entire body of the movie. Finally on the skin is an abnormal heat wave caused by the vicinity of Haley's Comet. It is a full bodied movie, and as French as it is, the performance uses full body language as well. While there are a few exaggerated moments that may not appeal to all audiences, there are others that make well up for them."}], "recommandations_id": [37994, 2767, 104366, 108241], "youtube_key": "gxfVndPFxyU"}