{"tmdb_id": 64139, "title": "3000 dollars mort ou vif", "original_title": "Four Faces West", "slug_title": "3000-dollars-mort-ou-vif", "date": "1948-08-03", "genre": "Western", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Ross McEwen arrive \u00e0 Santa Maria, petite ville du Sud au Nouveau-Mexique. A ce moment l\u2019on f\u00eate l\u2019installation du nouveau quartier g\u00e9n\u00e9ral du c\u00e9l\u00e8bre Marshall Pat Garrett.\r Ross se rend \u00e0 la banque o\u00f9 il demande \u00e0 se faire pr\u00eater la somme de 2 000 dollars. Le banquier refuse. Ross sort alors son arme et l\u2019oblige \u00e0 lui donner les billets en lui promettant de les lui rembourser. Il s\u2019enfuit, poursuivi par Pat Garrett et la milice que ce dernier vient de lever.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nukswvaULFHpDckZHVhxO8wzdck.jpg", "actors": ["Joel McCrea (Ross McEwen)", "Frances Dee (Fay Hollister)", "Charles Bickford (Pat Garrett)", "Joseph Calleia (Monte Marquez)", "William Conrad (Sheriff Egan)", "Mart\u00edn Garralaga (Florencio)", "Raymond Largay (Dr. Eldredge)", "John Parrish (Frenger)", "Dan White (Clint Waters)", "Davison Clark (Burnett)", "Houseley Stevenson (Anderson)", "George McDonald (Winston Boy)", "Eva Novak (Mrs. Winston)", "Sam Flint (Storekeeper)", "Forrest Taylor (Conductor No.2)", "William Haade (Poker Player)", "Gene Roth (Poker Player)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ross McEwen - Valiant Gentleman.\r\n\r\nFour Faces West (AKA: They Passed This Way) is directed by Alfred E. Green and collectively adapted to screenplay by C. Graham Baker, Teddi Sherman, William Brent and Milarde Brent from the novel Paso por acqui written by Eugene Manlove Rhodes. It stars Joel McCrea, Francis Dee, Charles Bickford and Joseph Calleia. Music is by Paul Sawtell and cinematography by Russell Harlan.\r\n\r\nRoss McEwen (McCrea) robs the bank of Santa Maria but requests only $2,000 and issues an I.O.U. to the bank manager with the promise of paying back the money. The bank manager, aggrieved and agitated, puts a bounty of $3,000 on McEwen's head and quickly finds the law, in the form of Sheriff Pat Garrett (Bickford), aiding his cause. But McEwen is no ordinary thief, and as he makes his way across the lands during his escape, revelations and relationships will reveal something quite extraordinary.\r\n\r\nAll the things are in place here for a conventional 1940s Western movie, with the robbery of a bank followed by a posse pursuit, a serious sheriff on the case, a pretty gal turning heads and some card playing of course. Yet this is far from being a conventional Oater. Old fashioned? Yes! Definitely, but it's a beautifully crafted picture that relies on characterisations - locations - and a story of such humanistic redemptive qualities; it demands to be better known.\r\n\r\nIt has rightly been pointed out before that no blood is shed here, no bullets are fired; in fact bullets play a key part of the story for a different reason, but the action quota here is still very high. With blazing fire tactics used at one point and pursuits through the rocky terrain very much in evidence, the pic often raises the pulses. Tension is also provided by the efforts of McEwen to evade the attentions of the posse and the law, with some intelligent and believable methods put into action. The romance angle is also thoughtful and never cloying, given credence by real life lovers McCrea and Dee, while non white actors play South American characters without charges of stereotype or fodder being brought into play.\r\n\r\nWith first grade black and white photography from Harlan (New Mexico Tourist Board done a favour here), unfussy direction by Green, and a quartet of great performances by the principal players leading from the front, Four Faces West (not the best of titles to be fair) is a treat for the Western fan. It may lack a \"shock\" outcome but it sure as heck fire casts off cynicism and makes you feel better about people in general. Bravo! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [145691, 186531, 160783, 78550]}