{"tmdb_id": 64686, "title": "47 Ronin", "original_title": "47 Ronin", "slug_title": "47-ronin", "date": "2013-12-06", "genre": "Drame / Action / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un perfide seigneur de guerre ayant tu\u00e9 leur ma\u00eetre et banni leur tribu, 47 samoura\u00efs errants jurent de se venger et de restaurer l'honneur de leurs compatriotes. Arrach\u00e9s \u00e0 leurs foyers et perdus aux quatre coins des terres connues, cette poign\u00e9e de rebelles se voit contrainte de recourir \u00e0 l'aide de Kai - un demi sang qu'ils avaient jadis reni\u00e9 - lors de leur combat \u00e0 travers un univers violent, peupl\u00e9 de monstres mythologiques, de m\u00e9tamorphoses mal\u00e9fiques et d'effroyables dangers. Cet exil sera l'occasion pour cet esclave rejet\u00e9 de se r\u00e9v\u00e9ler leur arme la plus redoutable, et de devenir la figure h\u00e9ro\u00efque qui donnera \u00e0 cette troupe d'insoumis l'\u00e9nergie de marquer \u00e0 jamais l\u2019\u00e9ternit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hqpC2DoL2AA9QFhtcRw9pJx8YWk.jpg", "actors": ["Keanu Reeves (Kai)", "Hiroyuki Sanada (Kuranosuke \u00d4ishi)", "Kou Shibasaki (Mika)", "Tadanobu Asano (Lord Kira)", "Min Tanaka (Lord Asano)", "Rinko Kikuchi (Witch)", "Jin Akanishi (Chikara)", "Masayoshi Haneda (Yasuno)", "Hiroshi Sogabe (Hazama)", "Takato Yonemoto (Basho)", "Sh\u00fb Nakajima (Horibe)", "Hiroshi Yamada (Hara)", "Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (Shogun Tsunayoshi)", "Tanroh Ishida (Shogun's Adjutant)", "Yorick van Wageningen (Kapitan)", "Ron Bottitta (Narrator)", "Natsuki Kunimoto (Riku)", "Togo Igawa (Tengu Lord)", "Akira Koieyama (Kira's Spy)", "Haruka Abe (Mika's Handmaiden)", "Clyde Kusatsu (Drunk Official)", "Junichi Kajioka (Guard)", "Masashi Fujimoto (Lead Soldier)", "Neil Fingleton (Lovecraftian Samurai)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I had some expectations on this movie. Samurai\u2019s, fantasy, magic etc\u2026 Sounds good to me alright. Well, as it turned out after having watched it I feel that my expectations was not entirely fulfilled. It is a decent enough movie. Certainly enjoyable to watch. But it is, in my opinion, not a great move and I cannot give it more than an average okay rating.\r\n\r\nI have not read the original story which the movie is, supposedly, based nor seen any of the other 47 Ronin movies that have been made. Thus I did not really know what the story was except what was the public storyline nor do I know if the movie actually follows the original story in any great detail. The basic story in the movie is a good one though. Classic, simple and perhaps not very original but a good concept for making a good adventure movie.\r\n\r\nThe movie is entertaining\u2026to an extent. There are plenty of nice scenes, action, special effects that all make the movie worthwhile to watch. The Japanese, samurai, setting is one that is not used very often in major movies except of course for a bunch of fairly ludicrous martial arts movies which cater for a rather limited audience and generally on a very low-budget.\r\n\r\nHowever, I never really felt much attachment to any of the characters. Even the half-breed, which are supposed to be the hero, never seemed to lift above the ordinary. The bad guy could have been any two-bit crook in a TV-show. The witch was a bit better but still rather meh. The Shogun at least provoked a bit of emotions but not in a good way. What an asshole! Not a shred of investigation when Lord Asano was bewitched. Just \u201cgo kill yourself\u201d. Then after the 47 Ronins had actually proven his innocence as well as proven themselves to be the most loyal and capable warriors around the dumb fuck wants them killed because they disobeyed his orders which where total nonsense from the start. As a matter of fact, the ending dragged down the movie quite a lot for me.\r\n\r\nStill a movie worth watching but it could have been a lot better."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "I didn't have much expectations for this movie but it was enjoyable enough. Maybe it has some holes that were created to appeal the action movies viewer. I also \"borrows\" without shame from \"Princess Mononoke\" and other movies but, as a whole, it is decent enough."}], "recommandations_id": [53182, 100241, 49524, 97020]}