{"tmdb_id": 6474, "title": "Navajo Joe", "original_title": "Navajo Joe", "slug_title": "navajo-joe", "date": "1966-11-25", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Un village d'indiens navajo est pill\u00e9 et ses hommes massacr\u00e9s. Alors que les bandits s'enfuient, il ne reste qu'un seul survivant, Jo, dont la femme fait partie des victimes. L'indien part \u00e0 la poursuite des hors-la-loi en jurant de venger sa tribu.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4veUtUSZspEz5HR817F9RHwmZrk.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Reynolds (Joe)", "Aldo Sambrell (Duncan)", "Nicoletta Machiavelli (Estella)", "Fernando Rey (Father Rattigan)", "Tanya Lopert (Maria)", "Franca Polesello (Barbara)", "Lucia Modugno (Geraldine)", "Pierre Cressoy (Dr. Chester Lynne)", "Roberto Paoletti ()", "Mario Lanfranchi (Jefferson Clay)", "Nino Imparato (Chuck Holloway)", "\u00c1ngel \u00c1lvarez (Oliver Blackwood)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Navajo Nearly No!\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nNavajo Joe is directed by Sergio Corbucci and collectively written by Fernando Di Leo, Ugo Pirro and Piero Regnoli. It stars Burt Reynolds, Aldo Sambrell, Nicoletta Machiavelli, Tanya Lopert and Fernando Rey. Music is by Ennico Morricone and cinematograpy by Silvano Ippolitti. \r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThough Reynolds would say it\u2019s the worst film he ever made, anyone who has followed his career will know that simply isn\u2019t the case! It\u2019s an odd Spaghetti Western that sees Reynolds play the title character, who strides out for revenge against the ragamuffin varmints who slaughtered his woman and tribe. Cue blood letting galore as Joe enacts said revenge with bloodthirsty glee as the hints of anti-racism struggle to show their heads above the pasta strewn pulpit.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nNarratively there\u2019s nothing else to add, it\u2019s simplicity 101 and at times it becomes laborious. Where the film doesn\u2019t lack for interest is with the technical aspects. Corbucci hones his skills as a purveyor of brutal set pieces, each striking for entertainment purpose. Ippolitti adds his own brand of cinematography, gracing the story with a pizzaz it doesn\u2019t deserve, whilst Morricone provides a wonderfully catchy musical score. As for Reynolds? He does OK. Veering close to being pantomime and showing a lack of interest, his all round brooding charisma shines bright and gives the picture a macho edge.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nNot a great film by any stretch of the imagination, the script is just too lazy, but it is above average and Spaghetti Western fans can find enough here to gorge on for a satisfying meal. 6/10"}, {"pseudo": "pancine", "content": "OK spaghetti from Corbucci but far from his best. Reynolds looks like a primitive with that forehead and hair. Aldo Sambrell excellent as \"Duncan\". Nicoletta beautiful and talentless as always. The ending had good and not so good moments, the final scene corny."}], "recommandations_id": [48169, 61738, 49397, 7507]}