{"tmdb_id": 64984, "title": "The Admirable Crichton", "original_title": "The Admirable Crichton", "slug_title": "the-admirable-crichton", "date": "1957-12-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lQE8z9iAM36vfGjl4RpBi8pwOzu.jpg", "actors": ["Kenneth More (Bill Crichton)", "Cecil Parker (Lord Henry Loam)", "Diane Cilento (Eliza Tweeny)", "Sally Ann Howes (Lady Mary)", "Martita Hunt (Lady Brocklehurst)", "Jack Watling (Treherne)", "Peter Graves (Brocklehurst)", "Gerald Harper (Ernest)", "Mercy Haystead (Catherine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Governor and The Daddy.  \r\n\r\nThe Admirable Crichton is an adaptation of J.M. Barrie's role reversal play, taking pot shots at the British class system and starring Kenneth More in the title role, it's something of a little treasure.\r\n\r\nBasically the plot sees Butler supreme Crichton become the governor of the desert island that he, and the toff family he serves, have been shipwrecked upon. The point being that these rich toffs, though basically good people, are ill equipped to fend for themselves in the cold hard world. Crichton of course is well prepared for this new life forced upon them. He can cook, swim, catch fish, even start a fire, which none of the rich folk are capable of doing!\r\n\r\nWe are of course asked to suspend a modicum of disbelief, I mean there are four sexy babes on this island and all of them start to fancy Crichton! Yes it's that sort of film folks. But it's a real well told story that is acted with fine skill, particularly from More and the infectious Cecil Parker as Lord Loam, whilst red blooded men such as myself get the benefit of some rather pretty looking ladies, especially Sally Ann Howes as Lady Mary. \r\n\r\nThe ending is never really in doubt, but you know what, in this type of picture I didn't want it any other way. Highly recommended escapism. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Governor and The Daddy. \r\n\r\nThe Admirable Crichton is an adaptation of J.M. Barrie's role reversal play, taking pot shots at the British class system and starring Kenneth More in the title role, it's something of a little treasure.\r\n\r\nBasically the plot sees Butler supreme Crichton become the governor of the desert island that he, and the toff family he serves, have been shipwrecked upon. The point being that these rich toffs, though basically good people, are ill equipped to fend for themselves in the cold hard world. Crichton of course is well prepared for this new life forced upon them. He can cook, swim, catch fish, even start a fire, which none of the rich folk are capable of doing!\r\n\r\nWe are of course asked to suspend a modicum of disbelief, I mean there are four sexy babes on this island and all of them start to fancy Crichton! Yes it's that sort of film folks. But it's a real well told story that is acted with fine skill, particularly from More and the infectious Cecil Parker as Lord Loam, whilst red blooded men such as myself get the benefit of some rather pretty looking ladies, especially Sally Ann Howes as Lady Mary. \r\n\r\nThe ending is never really in doubt, but you know what, in this type of picture I didn't want it any other way. Highly recommended escapism. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Governor and The Daddy. \r\n\r\nThe Admirable Crichton is an adaptation of J.M. Barrie's role reversal play, taking pot shots at the British class system and starring Kenneth More in the title role, it's something of a little treasure.\r\n\r\nBasically the plot sees Butler supreme Crichton become the governor of the desert island that he, and the toff family he serves, have been shipwrecked upon. The point being that these rich toffs, though basically good people, are ill equipped to fend for themselves in the cold hard world. Crichton of course is well prepared for this new life forced upon them. He can cook, swim, catch fish, even start a fire, which none of the rich folk are capable of doing!\r\n\r\nWe are of course asked to suspend a modicum of disbelief, I mean there are four sexy babes on this island and all of them start to fancy Crichton! Yes it's that sort of film folks. But it's a real well told story that is acted with fine skill, particularly from More and the infectious Cecil Parker as Lord Loam, whilst red blooded men such as myself get the benefit of some rather pretty looking ladies, especially Sally Ann Howes as Lady Mary. \r\n\r\nThe ending is never really in doubt, but you know what, in this type of picture I didn't want it any other way. Highly recommended escapism. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [86790, 116529, 238730, 261419]}