{"tmdb_id": 65015, "title": "Sweetie", "original_title": "Sweetie", "slug_title": "sweetie", "date": "1989-09-28", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Kay a peur de tout : du pr\u00e9sent, de l'avenir, de la vie, de la mort. Tout semble s'arranger lorsqu'elle se met en m\u00e9nage avec Louis, l'ancien fianc\u00e9 d'une coll\u00e8gue. Mais ce bonheur apparent ne dure qu'un temps et ses angoisses la reprennent. C'est alors qu'appara\u00eet Sweetie, sa jeune soeur, ob\u00e8se, debraill\u00e9e et sympathique, qui laisse dans son sillage un \u00e9norme nuage d'entropie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/25lpQtxNWXzOimnXmbwF0Y0GYej.jpg", "actors": ["Genevieve Lemon (Dawn 'Sweetie')", "Karen Colston (Kay)", "Tom Lycos (Louis)", "Jon Darling (Gordon)", "Dorothy Barry (Flo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "When it starts off with the eccentric and shy Kay (Karen Colston) falling in love with the handsome Louis (Tom Lycos), Jane Campion's 1988 film SWEETIE promises a romantic comedy. When Kay's mentally ill sister Dawn (Genevieve Lemon) drops in, the film develops in a very different direction. Some element of comedy, very black humour, remains but overall the film is a family tragedy.\r\n\r\nThe tragedy is that this disturbed young woman nicknamed \"Sweetie\" is simultaneously a victim of her own illness and an unwilling aggressor against her family, who feign love and acceptance but clearly would like to do without her. The strongest aspect of the film is Lemon's performance, one of the best screen portrayals of mental illness since Bergman's IN A GLASS DARKLY. Something I appreciate more on repeat viewing is that the background to this family drama is left ambiguous. That said, I would not list \"Sweetie\" among my favourite films: it is overall well-made and memorable but not quite at the level of effusive praise."}], "recommandations_id": [112332, 42260, 144678, 69906]}