{"tmdb_id": 65043, "title": "A Genesis Found", "original_title": "A Genesis Found", "slug_title": "a-genesis-found", "date": "", "genre": ["Aventure / Science-Fiction / Drame"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "In 1938, John Patton Jr. found the key to our darkest secret\u2013an anomalous skeleton neither animal nor man. Uncertain of its implications, Patton hid the discovery away from the world\u2014though never forgetting what he found. Seventy years later, his grandson Gardner is forced to come to terms with his grandfather\u2019s past, a man he never knew but in whose footsteps he inevitably follows. When his cousin, controversial documentarian Bart Thompson, arrives for a seemingly routine shoot, Gardner is eager to lend a hand. He soon learns, however, that Bart isn\u2019t back just to shoot a movie\u2013he wants to find the \u201cdiscovery\u201d their grandfather buried nearly seventy years before, and prove what he claimed was true. As his skepticism fades, and the lure of mystery grows, Gardner becomes distant from his foundations, including his live-in girlfriend Kelsey. Losing himself to the adventure, Gardner is hypnotized by a single possibility\u2014that this \u201cdiscovery\u201d could be a direct link to God.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9FJOAQElUSUUIbHEwDVxMueoeR7.jpg", "actors": ["Elliot Moon (Gardner Patton)", "Elise Zieman (Kelsey West)", "Luke Weaver (Bart Thompson)", "Bennett Parker (John Patton Jr.)", "Rob Wilds (Steven Burch)", "Tyler Gibson (Tim Shaw)", "Julian Jay Burton (Ben Watson)", "Jackson Pyle (Dr. Jones)", "Murray Nicholson (DeJarnette)", "Jonathan Bradford (Patrick Dobbs)", "Philip Barnes (Levi Thompson)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "0Gk4biVHOkc"}