{"tmdb_id": 65050, "title": "180", "original_title": "180", "slug_title": "180", "date": "2011-06-25", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Ajay (Siddharth) comes to Kasi, where his thoughts and ideas on life and death undergo a sea change after he meets a young boy. He relocates to Chennai and stays in a house owned by a couple S V S Murthy (Mouli) and Jayam (Geetha). They treat him as their own son. A do-gooder, Ajay with his jovial nature wins the heart of all those whom he comes across. Vidya (Nithya Menen), a photo journalist meets Ajay and falls for his good nature. Ajay with the help of Vidya even gets street children obtain sponsorship for their education. But things take a turn when Vidya expresses her love to Ajay. He quietly walks off the place and decides to leave Chennai. But a rude accident to Vidya puts the responsibility on Ajay's shoulders to get her back to health. He takes her to USA for a surgery. Meanwhile a flashback reveals that Ajay was a successful doctor in the United States and who led a happy life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2ztXNTrtoe7Q9LcLVbcgSkHizUK.jpg", "actors": ["Siddharth (Ajay Kumar)", "Priya Anand (Renuka Narayanan)", "Nithya Menen (Vidya)", "Janaki Sabesh (Annalakshmi/Annapurna)", "Tanikella Bharani (Narayanan)", "Geetha (Jayam)", "Lakshmi Ramakrishnan (Ajay's mother)", "Misha Ghoshal (Julie)", "Sricharan (Sambasivam)", "Mouli (S. V. S. Murthy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [79333], "youtube_key": "aJblRrr560c"}