{"tmdb_id": 65210, "title": "Fingers at the Window", "original_title": "Fingers at the Window", "slug_title": "fingers-at-the-window", "date": "1942-04-22", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The City of Chicago is gripped by an Axe Murderer. The streets are empty at night as there has been six murders and six people have been caught, but they are lunatics. Only one person has lived to tell about it and that was Edwina, who is as dumb as a brick. If it were not for Oliver, she would be number seven. When there is a second attempt on Edwina, Oliver figures that the crimes are not random and that someone is hypnotizing these people to do his bidding, but the police and Edwina are skeptical.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g75TeHYMMbgmBSoCCARXSFYCHv5.jpg", "actors": ["Lew Ayres (Oliver Duffy)", "Laraine Day (Edwina 'Eddie' Brown)", "Basil Rathbone (Cesar Ferrari, alias Dr. H. Santelle)", "Walter Kingsford (Dr. Cromwall)", "Miles Mander (Dr. Kurt Immelman)", "Charles D. Brown (Police Inspector Gallagher)", "Cliff Clark (Police Lieutenant Allison)", "James Flavin (Police Lieutenant Schaeffer)", "Russell Gleason (Ogilvie - Reporter)", "William Tannen (Devlan - Reporter)", "Mark Daniels (Haguey - Reporter)", "Bert Roach (Krum - Reporter)", "Russell Hicks (Dr. Chandley - Speaker at the Conference)", "Charles Wagenheim (Fred F. Bixley)", "Robert Homans (Officer O'Garrity)", "Rand Brooks (Young Reporter (uncredited))", "Frank McLure (Psychiatrist at Lecture (uncredited))", "Arthur O'Connell (Photographer (uncredited))", "Ray Teal (Police Car #12 Driver (uncredited))", "Joe Yule (Citizen (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [29830], "youtube_key": "IDp5jMs2xtI"}