{"tmdb_id": 65496, "title": "Mes ch\u00e8res \u00e9tudes", "original_title": "Mes ch\u00e8res \u00e9tudes", "slug_title": "mes-cheres-etudes", "date": "2010-01-18", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Laura, 19 ans, simple \u00e9tudiante en premi\u00e8re ann\u00e9e d'universit\u00e9, veut r\u00e9ussir ses \u00e9tudes, \u00e0 tout prix. Malgr\u00e9 un job alimentaire, elle n'arrive pas \u00e0 subvenir \u00e0 ses besoins et tombe dans une pr\u00e9carit\u00e9 financi\u00e8re telle, qu'un soir de d\u00e9sespoir, \u00e0 cours de solutions, elle s'aventure \u00e0 r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 une annonce trouv\u00e9e sur internet. Joe, 57 ans, recherche \u00e9tudiante pour moments tendres. Cent euros de l'heure. Une fois, pas plus, se promet-elle. Trois jours plus tard, Laura est dans une chambre d'h\u00f4tel avec Joe. Et c'est le d\u00e9but de l'engrenage. L'exaltation d'un argent si \"facilement\" gagn\u00e9. Oublier les sensations d\u00e9testables et ne se rappeler que l'enveloppe remplie d'argent. D\u00e8s le deuxi\u00e8me client, Laura, jeune \u00e9tudiante meurtrie dans sa chair, mais d\u00e9j\u00e0 prostitu\u00e9e, veut arr\u00eater. Y parviendra-t-elle ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ozKPo7l668X8yatgg4wIummpmQG.jpg", "actors": ["D\u00e9borah Fran\u00e7ois (Laura)", "Mathieu Demy (Benjamin)", "Alain Cauchi (Joe)", "Benjamin Siksou (Manu)", "Anna Sigalevitch (Fanny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "MoHA", "content": "I generally enjoyed this film - based on the 'true/shocking' revelations of a (French) female university student who turned to the world's oldest profession to help finance her way thru school. It is, perhaps, the 'expose' angle of the movie that slants the general tenor of the piece towards a negative vibe - as the viewer is introduced to the story's lead character, Laura, and follows her down a path of personal denigration as she barters her youthful body for some spending cash & millennial trinkets.\r\n\r\nThe 'shock value' of the source book from which the screenplay was derived is based on the (purported) 'epidemic' levels of prostitution engaged in by female college students to make ends meet - so it is not surprising that the director has seemingly gone out of their way to make sure that the sexual 'pay for play' activities of the film's star are not made to look 'enjoyable'. In this, at least, they have managed to succeed!\r\n\r\nThe lead actress, Deborah Francois, IS lovely - in just the right way to provide a vulnerable heroine for the sordid tale... and she sure doesn't appear to like what she's doing in the sexual realm - so much so - that after a while I found the plot to become rather disingenuous and dis-engaging. Despite many scenes where Ms Francois fully reveals her attractive body and participates in sexual congress with a variety of sorta 'flawed' male individuals - there is nothing arousing about any of it. Could the girl be any more 'bored' & repulsed?! It really makes one wonder why her one repeat customer 'Joe' keeps coming back for more... or why she sticks it out for as long as she does.\r\n\r\nWithout treading into the politically/morally dicey territory surrounding the whole issue of prostitution - I felt that this film presents a sort of mono-dimensional and moralistic take on the situation. Some reviewers compare 'Student Services' to the likes of \"Pretty Woman\" and extol its' virtues for presenting a more 'realistic' portrayal of the disagreeable aspects of prostitution - personally I might suggest that a more relevant comparison could be to the cable TV series \"Diary of A Call Girl\" based on the 'true' adventures of London escort (AND student!) Belle de Jour. 'Belle' also exhibits a 'conflicted' character in trying to reconcile the two sides of her life in the face of society's general disdain for sex workers - but she, at least, takes 'some' pleasure in her craft, and on occasion even finds her sexual skills to be of 'service' in helping individuals overcome personal problems. Admittedly, the 'clients' that Laura encounters in \"Student Services\" are portrayed as a particularly loutish lot - but 'where's the love'?! Ultimately I began to sympathize w/ her self loathing and sorta lost interest in the 'story' - such as it was. There are obviously 'bigger issues' of youth poverty and socioeconomic inequality at play - but none of them get meaningfully addressed/answered in this film. On a strictly prurient level - worth a look for the fetching form of Ms Francois in the buff - but nothing to get too excited about."}], "recommandations_id": [172539, 499802, 177906, 471155], "youtube_key": "UDkx9MtvtX4"}