{"tmdb_id": 6587, "title": "Violence au Kansas", "original_title": "The Jayhawkers!", "slug_title": "violence-au-kansas", "date": "1959-10-15", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la guerre de s\u00e9cession les \"JAYHAWKERS\", une troupe de gu\u00e9rillas, terrorise les habitants du Kansas. Luke Darcy est leur chef et se pr\u00e9sente, apr\u00e8s ses propres attaques, comme le sauveur du Kansas, qu'il veut \u00e9tablir comme sa propre nation. Darcy est un homme distingu\u00e9 et cultiv\u00e9, qui aime les arts, Napol\u00e9on, les vins fran\u00e7ais et les femmes. Apr\u00e8s l'usage il jette les bouteilles et les femmes, mais retient le nom des bouteilles. Le Gouverneur du Kansas propose \u00e0 un ex-prisonnier, la gr\u00e2ce, s'il arrive \u00e0 s'infiltrer chez Darcy, pour le captiver et \u00e0 le livrer vivant aux autorit\u00e9s......", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pK6jmjrRtHSCuVHFBtkPsqinl1S.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Chandler (Luke Darcy)", "Fess Parker (Cam Bleeker)", "Nicole Maurey (Jeanne Dubois)", "Henry Silva (Lordan)", "Herbert Rudley (Gov. William Clayton)", "Frank De Kova (Evans)", "Don Megowan (China)", "Shari Lee Bernath (Marthe DuBois)", "Jimmy Carter (Paul DuBois)", "Leo Gordon (Jake Barton)", "Renata Vanni (Indian Woman)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Deputy Smallwood (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Backwards Napoleon.\r\n\r\nThe Jayhawkers! is directed by Melvin Frank and Frank shares writing duties with A. I. Bezzerides, Frank Fenton and Joe Petracca. It stars Jeff Chandler, Fess Parker, Nicole Maurey, Henry Silva, Leo Gordon and Frank DeKova. Music is by Jerome Moross and cinematography by Loyal Griggs. \r\n\r\nTerritory of Kansas . . . Shortly before the Civil War.\r\n\r\nIn short order form the plot finds Chandler as a driven empire builder Luke Darcy, who is taking advantage of Bleeding Kansas. Insinuating himself into Darcy's gang is Cam Bleeker (Parker), who has a very personal ulterior motive for doing so.\r\n\r\nThe Ace of Spades!\r\n\r\nIt's one of those films that has some great literary ideas, with some stoic characterisations and deft hints at the turmoil hitting this part of American history, and yet it never truly delivers on its powerful potential. Action is in short supply so we are very much asked to invest fully in the key players, their motives and drives, reasoning's etc, with the Darcy/Bleeker relationship and the shades of grey holding the attention whilst simultaneously holding the play together.\r\n\r\nLove-And-Death. That's everyone's fortune my friend.\r\n\r\nBonus point also are the tactics used by Darcy to build his empire, which coupled with his beliefs - and Bleeker's growing conflicted values (Bromance does that to a guy apparently) - marks it out as a good try at something more deep and meaningful. Filmed in Technicolor/VistaVision, pic looks lovely, but not enough is made of the outdoor locations, while Moross provides a big bold booming score - which is great - it's just in the wrong film as it belongs in a ripper of an action piece.\r\n\r\nAll told it's a very mixed bag, and stripped down it's a undercover story dressed up in familiar Western attire. It works for those who enjoy well written speeches and simmering tensions/passions, but it's a trick film to recommend with confidence. Oh and serious history buffs should give it a wide berth. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [249313, 73449, 99224, 110457]}