{"tmdb_id": 658, "title": "Goldfinger", "original_title": "Goldfinger", "slug_title": "goldfinger", "date": "1964-09-17", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Thriller"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "L'agent secret 007 est charg\u00e9 d\u2019enqu\u00eater sur les revenus d'Auric Goldfinger. La banque d'Angleterre a d\u00e9couvert qu'il entreposait d'\u00e9normes quantit\u00e9s d'or, mais s'inqui\u00e8te de ne pas savoir dans quel but. Quelques verres, parties de golf, poursuites et autres aventures galantes plus loin, James Bond d\u00e9couvre en r\u00e9alit\u00e9 les pr\u00e9paratifs du \u00ab\u00a0crime du si\u00e8cle\u00a0\u00bb, dont les retomb\u00e9es pourraient amener le chaos \u00e9conomique sur les pays d\u00e9velopp\u00e9s du bloc Ouest\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vBNbFU3OS6okJIQBOos1aZXpy2Z.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (James Bond)", "Honor Blackman (Pussy Galore)", "Gert Fr\u00f6be (Auric Goldfinger)", "Shirley Eaton (Jill Masterson)", "Tania Mallet (Tilly Masterson)", "Harold Sakata (Oddjob)", "Bernard Lee (M)", "Martin Benson (Martin Solo)", "Cec Linder (Felix Leiter)", "Austin Willis (Simmons)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Desmond Llewelyn (Q)", "Burt Kwouk (Mr. Ling)", "Na\u0111a Regin (Bonita)", "Margaret Nolan (Dink)", "Bill Nagy (Midnight)", "Michael Mellinger (Kisch)", "Peter Cranwell (Johnny)", "Richard Vernon (Smithers)", "Mai Ling (Mei-Lei)", "Varley Thomas (Swiss Gatekeeper)", "John McLaren (Brigadier)", "Robert MacLeod (Atomic Specialist)", "Victor Brooks (Blacking)", "Alf Joint (Capungo)", "Gerry Duggan (Hawker)", "Caron Gardner (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Hal Galili (Mr. Strap)", "Roland Brand (Gangster)", "Bill Brandon (Gangster)", "Norman Chancer (Gangster)", "Bill Edwards (Gangster)", "Laurence Herder (Gangster)", "William Hurndell (Gangster)", "John Maxim (Gangster)", "John McCarthy (Gangster)", "Lenny Rabbin (Gangster)", "Raymond Young (Sierra)", "Lesley Hill (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Jane Holland (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Lesley Langley (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Janet Murdoch (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Aleta Morrison (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Maggie Wright (Flying Circus Pilot)", "Tricia Muller (Sydney)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Potential Kermode", "content": "**James Bond wears a strap on plastic seagull hat**\r\n\r\nThis entry is widely recognised as the template for all the Bond films that followed - and we can see why in the opening sequence. James Bond ( Sean Connery) in disguise wearing _a strap on plastic seagull_ on his head.\r\n\r\nIt's a Roger Moore Bond movie nine years before Roger Moore! I love the ludicrous Bond movies such as Goldfinger and Octopussy - two of my favorites. Octopussy has Roger Moore _riding a plastic crocodile_ and Goldfinger has _Sean Connery wearing a strap on plastic seagull hat!_\r\n\r\n_Thunderball_, a year later, continued the ludicrous fun with Connery's Bond riding a jet pack and fighting cross dressing assassins.\r\n\r\nIt's a shame that in 2006, the franchise died and became something utterly bland with the advent of the Craig era.\r\n\r\n- Potential Kermode"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bond, Bowler Hats, Galore and the Man With the Midas Touch.  \r\n\r\nGoldfinger is directed by Guy Hamilton and adapted to screenplay by Richard Maibaum & Paul Dehn from the novel written by Ian Fleming. It stars Sean Connery, Gert Frobe, Honor Blackman, Shirley Eaton & Harold Sakata. Music is by John Barry and cinematography by Ted Moore.\r\n\r\nOperation Grand Slam.\r\n\r\nConnery's third outing as James Bond sees 007 investigating the movements of wealthy gold dealer Auric Goldfinger (Frobe). Little does 007 or MI6 know, but Goldfinger is hatching a master plan that will spell disaster for the world's financial climate.\r\n\r\nUndeniably the turning point in the James Bond franchise, Goldfinger is also one of the most fondly remembered by the cinema loving public. Here is when Bond not only went go-go gadget crazy, but he also impacted on pop culture to the point the waves created are still being felt today. Bond traditionalists are often irked by the mention of the change Goldfinger represents, and with just cause, because this really isn't Fleming's core essence Bond. Bond has now become a gadget using super agent, a man who laughs in the face of death, a quip never far from his lips. Yet the hard facts are that this Bond is the one the world really bought into, ensuring for the foreseeable future at least, that this type of Bond was here to say. Marketing was high pitched, fan worship became feverish and the box office sang to the tune of $125 million. Toys, gimmicks and collectables would follow, the Aston Martin DB5 would become \"The Most Famous Car in the World\", in 1964 Bond truly became a phenomenon.\r\n\r\nPurely on an entertainment front, Goldfinger delivers royally, the sets, casting and the high energy set-pieces all seep with quality. This in spite of the actual plot being one of the weakest in the whole franchise. As great a villain as Auric Goldfinger is, with a voice dubbed Frobe simply joyous in the role, his motives are rather dull and hardly cause for some worldwide Bondian panic. But the film rises above it to the point it only really registers long after the end credits have rolled. We have been treated to Odd Job (Sakata instantly becoming a Bond villain legend), that laser, the DB5 and its tricks, the delicious Honor Blackman as Pussy Galore (still an awesome name today and still sounding like a character from a Carry On movie), the golf match, Shirley Eaton's golden girl and the ticking time bomb finale played out during the chaotic scenes involving Ken Adam's brilliantly designed version of Fort Knox.\r\n\r\nBond staples also serve the production well, the title sequence is neatly strung together as scenes from the movie play out over a writhing golden girl, who was model Margaret Nolan and who briefly appears in the film as Dink. The theme tune is a blockbuster, sang with gusto by Shirley Bassey and the locations dazzle the eyes as we are whisked to Switzerland, Kentucky and Miami. Stock characters continue to make their marks, with M, Moneypenny and Q (setting in motion the wonderful serious v jocular axis of his \"to be continued\" relationship with Bond), starting to feel like old cinematic friends. Only let down is Cec Linder's turn as Bond's CIA counterpart, Felix Leiter, gone is the swagger created by Jack Lord in Dr. No, and while Linder is no bad actor, he doesn't sit right in the role, he's looks too world weary. A shame because he is integral to how the plot pans out.\r\n\r\nDirector Guy Hamilton was helming the first of what would end up being four Bond movies on his CV, he made his mark by bringing more zip and quip to the Bond character. Connery was firmly ensconced in the role of Bond, he was a mega star because of it, but cracks were beginning to appear in how Connery viewed this gargantuan success and the impact it was having on his hopes to be viewed as a serious actor. However, he was signed up for Thunderball, the next James Bond adventure, and Terence Young would return to the director's chair, could they top the success of Goldfinger? 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [657, 646, 660, 667], "youtube_key": "MA65V-oLKa8"}