{"tmdb_id": 6593, "title": "Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla 2", "original_title": "\u30b4\u30b8\u30e9vs\u30e1\u30ab\u30b4\u30b8\u30e9", "slug_title": "godzilla-vs-mechagodzilla-2", "date": "1993-12-11", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Science-Fiction / Aventure"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Malgr\u00e9 leur multiples alliances, l'arm\u00e9e du Japon et Godzilla sont toujours ennemis. L'arm\u00e9e d\u00e9cide donc de construire un nouveau Mechagodzilla. Malheureusement, celui-ci subit des pannes toutes les 10 minutes. L'arm\u00e9e est donc oblig\u00e9e de reprendre le mod\u00e8le original, qui se r\u00e9volte et qui part attaquer Godzilla.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/89uE2QQEWAiXgNBwMQX4PLKptN.jpg", "actors": ["Masahiro Takashima (Kazuma Aoki)", "Ryoko Sano (Azusa Gojo)", "Megumi Odaka (Miki Saegusa)", "Y\u00fbsuke Kawazu (Professor Omae)", "Akira Nakao (Commander Takaki Aso)", "K\u00f4ichi Ueda (General Hyodo)", "Leo Meneghetti (Dr. Asimov)", "Kenji Sahara (Minister Takayuki Segawa)", "Shinobu Nakayama (Yuri Katagiri)", "Sayaka Osawa (Psychic Schoolteacher)", "Keiko Imamura (Psychic Schoolteacher)", "Andy Smith (Andrew Johnson)", "Shelley Sweeney (Susan)", "Tadao Takashima (Chief Hosono)", "Wataru Fukuda (Mekagojira)", "'Hurricane Ryu' Hariken (Bebigojira)", "Kenpachir\u00f4 Satsuma (Gojira)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Kyoto Stomp!\r\n\r\nBy 1993 the Heisei era of the Godzilla series was well in swing. Here production company Toho bring back Mechagodzilla, Rodan and sadly - they birth Baby Godzilla. Plot is nutty of course, top level government organisation want rid of Godzilla, so using various mechanics and creature science from previous Godzilla foes, construct a new Mechagodzilla, who is soon to be souped up to be Super Mechagodzilla. Carnage, telepathy, hidden brains and maternal instincts do follow.\r\n\r\nIt's actually one of the better films from the Heisei wave. Standard city destruction via model work is always good fun, but it's nice to find the effects work is of a much better standard than from previous instalments. The action sequences are smartly constructed by Takao Okawara, with the crowning smack-down between Zilla and Metalzilla absolutely joyous, a fun packed blend of cartoonish chaos and death ray destruction. Akira Ifukube once again provides an outstanding musical score, and while you will search long and hard for acting performances of note, it all just falls into place in the grand scheme of things.\r\n\r\nNow if only we didn't have that goddamn Baby Godzilla! So cute! So annoying... 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [39469, 39466, 12636, 39468], "youtube_key": "t39A8iBjFtI"}