{"tmdb_id": 660, "title": "Op\u00e9ration Tonnerre", "original_title": "Thunderball", "slug_title": "operation-tonnerre", "date": "1965-12-15", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "L'organisation criminelle SPECTRE d\u00e9tourne un avion de l'OTAN transportant deux bombes atomiques et r\u00e9clame une ran\u00e7on au gouvernement britannique. L'agent secret James Bond est envoy\u00e9 aux Bahamas \u00e0 la recherche de Domino, la s\u0153ur du commandant Derval, qui pilotait le Vulcan. Celui-ci a en fait \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9 et remplac\u00e9 par un sosie. 007 d\u00e9couvre que l'instigateur de l'op\u00e9ration est un d\u00e9nomm\u00e9 Emilio Largo, un homme riche et cruel passionn\u00e9 par les requins.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sASN1VnJxWosdzp4mH40P47Xhhz.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (James Bond)", "Claudine Auger (Dominique 'Domino' Derval)", "Adolfo Celi (Emilio Largo)", "Luciana Paluzzi (Fiona Volpe)", "Rik Van Nutter (Felix Leiter)", "Guy Doleman (Count Lippe)", "Molly Peters (Patricia Fearing)", "Martine Beswick (Paula Caplan)", "Bernard Lee (M)", "Desmond Llewelyn (Q)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Roland Culver (Foreign Secretary)", "Earl Cameron (Pinder)", "Paul Stassino (Palazzi)", "Rose Alba (Madame Boitier)", "Philip Locke (Vargas)", "George Pravda (Kutze)", "Edward Underdown (Air Vice Marshall)", "Suzy Kendall (Prue (uncredited))", "Mitsouko (Madame La Porte (uncredited))", "Kevin McClory (Man Smoking at Nassau Casino (uncredited))", "Philip Stone (SPECTRE Number 5 (uncredited))", "Jack Gwillim (Senior RAF Staff Officer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sir, I'd respectfully request that you change my assignment to Nassau.\r\n\r\nThunderball is directed by Terence Young and adapted to screenplay by Richard Maibaum and John Hopkins from a story by Kevin McClory, Jack Whittingham and Ian Fleming. It stars Sean Connery, Adolfo Celi, Claudine Auger, Rick Van Nutter and Martine Beswick. Music is scored by John Barry and cinematography by Ted Moore.\r\n\r\nThe fourth outing for James Bond (Connery) sees 007 assigned to the Bahamas to try and thwart SPECTRE's number 2 operative, Emilio Largo (Celi). Largo has hijacked two atomic bombs from NATO and sets about extorting huge ransoms of money. If his terms are not met he will blow up major cities.\r\n\r\nIt was meant to be the first James Bond film, but Thunderball became part of a long drawn out legal battle between Kevin McClory, Jack Whittingham and Ian Fleming. Eventually an out of court settlement was reached and Thunderball rolled into theatres in 1965. After the colossal success of Goldfinger, and Bond as a pop culture phenomenon, producers Albert Broccoli & Harry Saltzman knew that they had to try and up the ante to keep Bond on top. They were also acutely aware that many imitators were springing up on film and TV. These facts led Bond to go epic, with the producers going for a more is more approach, however, Thunderball is a considerable step down from Goldfinger.\r\n\r\nAs with many other Bond movies, Thunderball polarises opinions amongst the fans. Some are happy to laud the pure entertainment value on offer, the reliance on hardware and gadgets viewed as an aid to the Bond persona and not a hindrance to his humanistic worth. Technically the film is often exceptional, be it on or under the water, director Young really crafts some Bondian quality. The exotic Bahamas locale is beautifully realised by Ted Moore, Barry's blunderbuss score is one of his best for a Bond movie and Connery has charisma in abundance. The girls, too, are delightful, particularly Auger who positively sizzles with sexuality. Bond's by play with M, Q and Felix Leiter (Nutter very enjoyable and more charismatic than Cec Linder in Goldfinger) is well scripted and performed. While for those who adore the gadgets and daring stunts? Thunderball excels with its assortment of trick vehicles, under water weaponry and aids and radioactive pills! Without doubt the near $6 million budget is all up there on the screen.\r\n\r\nYet for other fans, and this is the category I fall into, it's a film of too many flaws to be considered one of the greats. Whilst it's undeniable that when it hits the high points it excites royally (the extended underwater battle is eye popping brilliance), but there's too much languid passages in the overlong running time. Young himself lamented that he couldn't get the pace right on account of the plot structure. The other major problem for me is Celi as Largo. Visually he's striking, with his white hair and eye patch, he well looks villainous, but physically he's wrong and someone you can't buy into as a man able to not only take on Bond, but to overcome him as well! While the finale lacks a grandness to reward those having sat for over 2 hours with the film. But what do I know? Film made a stunning $141 million at the box office! And the fanaticism that began with Goldfinger reached epic proportions here.\r\n\r\nThe more is more approach worked for the makers, and it ensured that for the time being Bond was going to stay in this epic, gadget, effects strewn groove. Connery wasn't happy, he had voiced his concerns about Bond becoming characterless, while he hated the mania surrounding the films and his role within them. He would return for the next instalment, You Only Live Twice, question was, would it be his last performance as Bond? 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [667, 681, 657, 668], "youtube_key": "eeEKNcxJvNg"}