{"tmdb_id": 66196, "title": "Takov\u00e1 norm\u00e1ln\u00ed rodinka", "original_title": "Takov\u00e1 norm\u00e1ln\u00ed rodinka", "slug_title": "takova-normalni-rodinka", "date": "2008-04-17", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "The forester's lodge in a remote area they live in sin has four generations of family Han\u00e1k. Grandmother overflowing zest for life and her passion for writing detective stories. Her daughter, Ms. Han\u00e1kov\u00e1, spirited woman with a big heart, loves to sing, but because he has no talent, all his life was the cook. Mr. Hanak's dispatcher, his lifelong loves animals of all kinds and sizes, which grows in the house and its surroundings. Paul has an older daughter with husband Peter, occasional handyman who usually sleeps or her hyperactive two sons, whom no one tells you differently than blackguard. Informal family member then Mr. Kestrel, who in the house for the town to spend a lot of time suspicious! One completely normal family afternoon notify the younger daughter Kate family that is expecting a baby.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Ee1vt4CVu8OniGOWrZx7Hq9aXS.jpg", "actors": ["Jarom\u00edr Dulava (Han\u00e1k)", "Monika Zoubkov\u00e1 (Kate\u0159ina Han\u00e1kov\u00e1)", "Ji\u0159\u00ed M\u00e1dl (Zden\u011bk Re\u017en\u00fd)", "Lilian Malkina (babi\u010dka)", "Ivana Ch\u00fdlkov\u00e1 (Re\u017en\u00e1)", "Vanda Hybnerov\u00e1 (Pavla)", "Eva Holubov\u00e1 (Han\u00e1kov\u00e1)", "\u013dubo\u0161 Kosteln\u00fd (Petr)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}