{"tmdb_id": 67050, "title": "D-Day 6.6.1944", "original_title": "D-Day 6.6.1944", "slug_title": "d-day-6-6-1944", "date": "2004-06-06", "genre": ["Documentaire / Guerre"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "On June 6th, 1944 the largest military invasion and defence the world has ever seen occurred. D-Day tells the epic story of the preparation and execution of the Allied invasion of Normandy. It tells the story of the defence of the Western Front by the forces of the German Empire, and of the complex and deadly secret war fought by the men and women of France and mainland Europe. D-Day brings to life the dramatic and astounding tales of courage and sacrifice, joy and despair, love and betrayal. The planning for the Allied invasion on June 6th 1944 took two years and cost thousands of lives. It involved a deception of breathtaking audacity. Both the preparation leading up to and the actions and events on the day itself relied on the absolute discretion of many and the genius and nerve of a few. D-Day examines the intricate jigsaw from both sides - presenting events through the eyes of the men and women who were there, telling their extraordinary stories.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jXk7gWMqaTgA3tYxICSZMHVbt8Z.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Holm (Narrator (voice))", "Lacy Moore (Kay Summersby)", "Graham McTavish (Group Capt. James Stagg)", "Albert Welling (Field Marshal Erwin Rommel)", "Tim Bentinck (Lt. Gen. Hans Speidel)", "Robert Cambrinus (Rommel's Adjutant)", "Andrew Havill (Jake Westerman)", "Tom Brooke (Lt. Mike Dowling)", "William Neenan (Admiral)", "Murray Head (Robert Douin)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}