{"tmdb_id": 670, "title": "Old Boy", "original_title": "\uc62c\ub4dc\ubcf4\uc774", "slug_title": "old-boy", "date": "2003-09-28", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re / Action", "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la fin des ann\u00e9es 80, Oh Dae-Soo, p\u00e8re de famille sans histoire, est enlev\u00e9 un jour devant chez lui. S\u00e9questr\u00e9 pendant plusieurs ann\u00e9es dans une cellule priv\u00e9e, son seul lien avec l'ext\u00e9rieur est une t\u00e9l\u00e9vision. Par le biais de cette t\u00e9l\u00e9vision, il apprend le meurtre de sa femme, meurtre dont il est le principal suspect. Au d\u00e9sespoir d'\u00eatre s\u00e9questr\u00e9 sans raison apparente succ\u00e8de alors chez le h\u00e9ros une rage int\u00e9rieure vengeresse qui lui permet de survivre. Il est rel\u00e2ch\u00e9 15 ans plus tard, toujours sans explication. Oh Dae-Soo est alors contact\u00e9 par celui qui semble \u00eatre le responsable de ses malheurs, qui lui propose de d\u00e9couvrir qui l'a enlev\u00e9 et pourquoi. Le cauchemar continue pour le h\u00e9ros.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/if5bkQK6FxOQhKd9czd25HpdCCh.jpg", "actors": ["Choi Min-sik (Oh Dae-su)", "Yoo Ji-tae (Lee Woo-jin)", "Kang Hye-jung (Mi-do)", "Kim Byung-ok (Mr. Han)", "Oh Dal-su (Park Cheol-woong)", "Lee Seung-Shin (Yoo Hyung-ja)", "Yoon Jin-seo (Lee Soo-ah)", "Ji Dae-han (No Joo-hwan)", "Oh Tae-kyung (Young Dae-su)", "Yoo Yeon-seok (Lee Woo-jin (young))", "Oh Gwang-rok (Suicidal Man)", "Lee Dae-yeon (Beggar)", "Park Myung-shin (Woman)", "Kim Su-hyeon (Chief Secretary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Eky", "content": "I\u2019m sure that all of you can always spot a film with good acting, superb plot and great cinematography easily but when it comes to a thriller that possesses all those above quality, it would be such a rarity. OldBoy here, second installment from The Vengeance Trilogy directed by  Park Chan-wook (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, OldBoy, Sympathy for Lady Vengeance) really have them all, good story, powerful acting and the most horrifying and clever end twist if not genius. In fact no matter how many times you see this, the twist would still be awesome. The theme of revenge here is taken to the next level, to its supremacy for it\u2019s really carefully-planned. OldBoy has a mind-bending assortment of drama, thriller, romance and beautifully spiced up with sadistic plot, shocking elements, ultra violence and clever psychological twist. Imagine yourself captured, locked in a room for 15 years, not knowing why and who did it and when you finally escaped and thought it\u2019s all over, you were wrong and here\u2019s the punching line, the direct punch to your stomach. Min-sik Choi as Oh Dae su really acted well, he really got us carried away by dragging us into the mystery that surrounds his life, into the depression he\u2019s been feeling and into the deep well of his curiosity. Once again, OldBoy is a way too remarkable, when \u201crevenge\u201d isn\u2019t merely knife-chopping or gun-battling. Enough said."}, {"pseudo": "manwhonose", "content": "This is definitely one of the films to see before you die. It's seat-squirmingly unsettling, shocking and very violent. \r\n\r\nIt's a journey into a truly disturbed mind; a mind, which - like yours will be - is unable to cope with what it discovers.\r\n\r\nThis film is brilliantly twisted. It has a thread of the most wonderful, blackest humour running through it, a sense of complete disorientation and enough plot twists and turns to sustain your interest.\r\n\r\nNot one of the best revenge thrillers I've seen - simply THE best!"}], "recommandations_id": [4689, 4550, 11423, 49797]}