{"tmdb_id": 674, "title": "Harry Potter et la Coupe de feu", "original_title": "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", "slug_title": "harry-potter-et-la-coupe-de-feu", "date": "2005-11-16", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Familial", "score": "7.7/10", "synopsis": "La quatri\u00e8me ann\u00e9e \u00e0 l'\u00e9cole de Poudlard est marqu\u00e9e par le \"Tournoi des trois sorciers\". Les participants sont choisis par la fameuse \"Coupe de feu\" qui est \u00e0 l'origine d'un scandale. Elle s\u00e9lectionne Harry Potter alors qu'il n'a pas l'\u00e2ge l\u00e9gal requis ! Accus\u00e9 de tricherie et mis \u00e0 mal par une s\u00e9rie d'\u00e9preuves physiques de plus en plus difficiles, ce dernier sera enfin confront\u00e9 \u00e0 Celui dont on ne doit pas prononcer le nom, Lord V.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1npuMArTSXH5Wn3GK8Bdu9iD6ej.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Radcliffe (Harry Potter)", "Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley)", "Emma Watson (Hermione Granger)", "Ralph Fiennes (Lord Voldemort)", "Michael Gambon (Albus Dumbledore)", "Alan Rickman (Severus Snape)", "Robbie Coltrane (Rubeus Hagrid)", "Brendan Gleeson (Alastor \"Mad-Eye\" Moody)", "Gary Oldman (Sirius Black)", "Robert Pattinson (Cedric Diggory)", "Cl\u00e9mence Po\u00e9sy (Fleur Delacour)", "Stanislav Yanevski (Viktor Krum)", "Miranda Richardson (Rita Skeeter)", "Josh Herdman (Gregory Goyle)", "Maggie Smith (Minerva McGonagall)", "Geraldine Somerville (Lily Potter)", "Matthew Lewis (Neville Longbottom)", "Frances de la Tour (Madame Olympe Maxime)", "Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy)", "Roger Lloyd Pack (Barty Crouch, Sr.)", "Jason Isaacs (Lucius Malfoy)", "Eric Sykes (Frank Bryce)", "Timothy Spall (Wormtail)", "David Tennant (Bartemius 'Barty' Crouch Junior)", "Mark Williams (Arthur Weasley)", "James Phelps (Fred Weasley)", "Oliver Phelps (George Weasley)", "Bonnie Wright (Ginny Weasley)", "Jeff Rawle (Amos Diggory)", "Robert Hardy (Cornelius Fudge)", "Sheila Allen (Ministry Witch)", "Su Elliott (Ministry Witch)", "Anne Lacy (Ministry Witch)", "Flip Webster (Ministry Witch)", "David Sterne (Ministry Wizard)", "Christopher Whittingham (Ministry Wizard)", "Liam McKenna (Ministry Wizard)", "Campbell Graham (Ministry Wizard)", "Margery Mason (Food Trolley Lady)", "Katie Leung (Cho Chang)", "William Melling (Nigel)", "David Bradley (Argus Filch)", "Devon Murray (Seamus Finnigan)", "Afshan Azad (Padma Patil)", "Warwick Davis (Filius Flitwick)", "Shefali Chowdhury (Parvati Patil)", "Angelica Mandy (Gabrielle Delacour)", "Predrag Bjelac (Igor Karkaroff)", "Tolga Safer (Karkaroff's Aide)", "Alfred Enoch (Dean Thomas)", "Louis Doyle (Ernie MacMillan)", "Jamie Waylett (Vincent Crabbe)", "Charlotte Skeoch (Hannah Abbott)", "Robert Wilfort (Photographer)", "Tiana Benjamin (Angelina Johnson)", "Henry Lloyd-Hughes (Roger Davies)", "Jarvis Cocker (Band Lead Singer)", "Jonny Greenwood (Band Lead Guitar)", "Philip Selway (Band Drums)", "Steve Mackey (Band Bass Guitar)", "Jason Buckle (Band Rhythm Guitar)", "Steve Claydon (Band Keyboards)", "Shirley Henderson (Moaning Myrtle)", "Alan Watt (Assistant Judge)", "Adrian Rawlins (James Potter)", "Paschal Friel (Death Eater)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Do not do so lightly! If chosen, there's no turning back. As from this moment, The Triwizard Tournament has begun!\r\n\r\nYear four at Hogwarts for Harry Potter and his chums, and it's a time of change, chance and danger. The prestigious Triwizard Tournament is being hosted and the applecart is turned upside down when Harry, unqualified and underage, is selected by the Goblet of Fire to be one of Hogwarts' competitors. If the thought of competing in such a dangerous tournament wasn't scary enough, Harry also has the worry of finding a date for the Yule Ball to contend with! \r\n\r\nThe Prisoner of Azkaban set the marker for a darker, more grown up Potter picture, a high standard that Goblet of Fire, and new director Mike Newell, arguably had no hope of attaining. But it's not for lack of trying, and in fairness Newell and the team have managed well enough to blend the blackness that comes with the impending arrival of Lord Voldermort (Ralph Fiennes), with the burgeoning ping of teenager hormones. There's an awful lot going on here. With the Triwizard Tournament comes two groups of exchange students to Hogwarts in the form of the glamorous girls of Beauxbatons Academy, and the hunky boys of Durmstrang Institute. The arrival of which sends Ron, Hermione and co into blushy flustered awakenings. The tournament itself (rightly) dominates much of the film, the lead up to it and the three challenges that the competitors have to face, with Harry's dragon face off a bona fide excellent piece of film. Then on to the fall out of the tournament where it gets real dark and the film and series lurch on to another level and set up the next installment a treat. \r\n\r\nAs is customary for a Potter film, there's also a number of new characters and replaced characters in the mix, while major story developments flit in and out of the narrative to the point you really have to pay attention completely. Of the new arrivals it's Alastor \"Mad-Eye\" Moody (Brendan Gleeson terrific) who is most telling and enjoyable, but tabloid scribe Rita Skeeter (Miranda Richardson) is something the film could have survived without. Yes it's a nice pop at the gutter press, but watching it now, would the time spent wasted on Skeeter not have been better served on the sadly under filmed Quidditch World Cup? Especially considering the build up to it is magnificent. Or at the very least some more Malfoy Senior, Sirius or Snape! But the disappointment felt there is offset some by the wonderful Yule Ball, where Newell is in his element gleefully dangling his charges through the joys and sorrows of awkward awakenings. It's a series highlight that's not to be missed.\r\n\r\nA film of variable pace due to the makers trying to juggle so much, it's ultimately something of an up and down viewing experience. That said, Newell is able to dazzle the pre-teens with his set pieces, because the kiddies sure as hell will not understand the angst and hormonal issues present, while the rest plays out on adult terms. So something for everyone, then. It may not be successful as a whole, and newcomers dipping in for the first time get no guidance at all, but it's still a ripper of a ride for those who are into the films having not read the books. It's set up nicely for part 5, but pity poor David Yates in the directing chair for Order of the Phoenix, though, for that is one hell of a door stopper novel to try and condense down into an entertaining Potter movie! 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [675, 767, 672, 673]}