{"tmdb_id": 67659, "title": "La bataille de San Sebastian", "original_title": "La bataille de San Sebastian", "slug_title": "la-bataille-de-san-sebastian", "date": "1968-03-20", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1750, un bandit mexicain est sauv\u00e9 par un homme d'\u00e9glise. Ce dernier est tu\u00e9 par les indiens Yaquis et c'est le voleur qui endosse la robe du pr\u00eatre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fLOF6vvjZo5RgS2yP0Lzg0QsRb0.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Quinn (Leon Alastray)", "Charles Bronson (Teclo)", "Jaime Fern\u00e1ndez (Golden Lance)", "Leon Askin (Vicar General)", "Anjanette Comer (Kinita)", "Sam Jaffe (P\u00e8re Joseph)", "Silvia Pinal (F\u00e9licia)", "Jorge Mart\u00ednez de Hoyos (Felipe Cayetano)", "Rosa Furman (Agueda)", "Jos\u00e9 Ch\u00e1vez (Antonito)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Dam Busters. \r\n\r\nGuns for San Sebastian is directed by Henri Verneuil and adapted to screenplay by James R. Webb from the novel \"A Wall for San Sebastian\" written by William Barby Faherty. It stars Anthony Quinn, Charles Bronson, Anjanette Comer, Sam Jaffe and Silvia Pinal. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Armand Thirard. \r\n\r\nAn outlaw on the run is mistaken for a priest by peasant villagers who are at the mercy of bandits and Yaqui Indians. \r\n\r\nSomething of a multi euro Western, Guns for San Sebastian latches onto the Spaghetti Western coat tails whilst attempting to put something new in the wardrobe. Undeniably the critics who said it's pedestrian in pace are absolutely right, the first two thirds of the piece asks for a great deal of your patience, whilst simultaneously demanding you buy into the various themes trundling away. \r\n\r\nWith a surreal sub-plot at play, a jokey romance and some atrocious dubbing, it's not hard to dismiss it as purely fun cannon fodder. Yet there's some strengths in the piece, literary wise and from a thrilling stand point as the last third brings the thunderous siege - cum battle stations. Quinn throws in a good turn, the Durango locale is superbly photographed, and Morricone offers up one of his tonally astute scores. \r\n\r\nIt's all very Magnificent 7 et al, but nothing wrong with that, that is on proviso you can get through the labours of the first hour or so. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [111480, 115082, 38340, 74767]}