{"tmdb_id": 67736, "title": "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Raquin", "original_title": "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Raquin", "slug_title": "therese-raquin", "date": "1953-11-06", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se, jeune orpheline, \u00e9pouse le fils souffreteux de ses parents adoptifs. Elle rencontre un jour Laurent, brave camionneur italien dont la gentillesse la s\u00e9duit. Elle h\u00e9site par devoir a partir avec lui. Son mari et sa belle-m\u00e8re, apprenant sa liaison, d\u00e9cident de l'emmener a Paris. Laurent, tente une nouvelle fois au cours du voyage de s'interposer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/iYxDp15T8R2n69ucSsWGlODClOp.jpg", "actors": ["Simone Signoret (Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Raquin)", "Raf Vallone (Laurent)", "Jacques Duby (Camille Raquin)", "Maria Pia Casilio (Georgette, la bonne)", "Roland Lesaffre (Henri dit \u00ab Riton \u00bb)", "Nerio Bernardi (le m\u00e9decin)", "Fran\u00e7oise Vernillat (Fran\u00e7oise)", "Madeleine Barbul\u00e9e (Mme Noblet)", "Marcel Andr\u00e9 (M. Michaud)", "Paul Frankeur (le contr\u00f4leur dans le train)", "Lucien Hubert (le chef de gare de Dijon)", "Jacques Hilling (le serveur de l'h\u00f4tel)", "Alain Terrane (un camionneur)", "Martial R\u00e8be (M. Grivet)", "Sylvie (Madame Raquin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se is no Tease.\r\n\r\nTh\u00e9r\u00e8se Raquin (AKA: The Adultress) is directed by Marcel Carn\u00e9 and Carn\u00e9 co-adapts the screenplay with Charles Spaak from the \u00c9mile Zola novel. It stars Simone Signoret, Raf Vallone, Jacques Duby, Maria Pia Casilio and Roland Lesaffre. Music is by Maurice Thiriet and cinematography by Roger Hubert.\r\n\r\nCarn\u00e9 reworks Zola's novel to be set in post-war Lyon and slips into a film noir gear. Plot essentially finds Signoret as Raquin, a severely repressed woman stuck in a marriage to her wimpy weasel of a cousin, not only that but she also has to share a home with his domineering mother. Then one day the strapping Laurent LeClaire (Vallone) enters her life, sparking a fiery affair, but as plans for the future are plotted, a turn of events drastically changes everything.\r\n\r\nThe characterisations are strongly performed, the five principals (Lesaffre arrives late in the play as a key character) giving performances that really draw you into their respective worlds, for better or worse as regards the human condition. Carn\u00e9 skillfully blends the beautiful side of Lyon, such as the quaint cobbled streets and the River Rhone, with a dull bleakness that fogs Th\u00e9r\u00e8se, a woman who has forgotten how to smile, sexual fulfilment a non entity. Hubert also brings his photographic skills to the show, providing some blisteringly gorgeous night shots that offer hope for the new found lovers. But there is a sign post up ahead and it says that the next stop is noirville, and after having spent half the film building his characters, Carn\u00e9 dashes hope and replaces it with misery. Fate plays a big part in the crux aspects of the film, a film noir staple of course, right up to the clinical finale that comes with a thunderous fait accompli.\r\n\r\nIt's a bit draggy in parts as the director is at pains to show the humdrum side of life, but the change of gear at the mid-point - and the brilliant last quarter, make this a worthy addition for collectors of Frenchie noir. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [108512, 119451, 98636, 87832], "youtube_key": "notfound"}