{"tmdb_id": 67913, "title": "L'Irlandais", "original_title": "The Guard", "slug_title": "l-irlandais", "date": "2011-07-07", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Boyle est un flic irlandais, flegmatique et solitaire, amateur de Guinness, de po\u00e9sie et de prostitu\u00e9es \u00e0 ses heures perdues. En poste dans un petit village de la c\u00f4te irlandaise o\u00f9 il ne se passe jamais rien, il passe ses journ\u00e9es \u00e0 faire respecter la loi... au pub local. Malheureusement pour lui, des trafiquants de drogue ont jet\u00e9 leur d\u00e9volu sur cette r\u00e9gion endormie comme base de leurs op\u00e9rations... Le petit village irlandais va bient\u00f4t se retrouver au c\u0153ur d\u2019une importante op\u00e9ration anti-drogue men\u00e9e par le FBI ! Les mauvaises nouvelles n\u2019arrivant jamais seules, Boyle doit se coltiner l\u2019agent Everett, un super agent du FBI d\u00e9termin\u00e9 et maniaque d\u00e9p\u00each\u00e9 sur place... Certes, les proc\u00e9dures de l'\u00e9lite du FBI diff\u00e8rent de celles du flic bedonnant, peu z\u00e9l\u00e9 et \"politiquement incorrect\"... Mais apr\u00e8s tout, la m\u00e9thode \"locale\" pourrait bien fournir des r\u00e9sultats inattendus !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uG15GsQnXcjZ3NutW3qX5TXG97l.jpg", "actors": ["Brendan Gleeson (Sergeant Gerry Boyle)", "Don Cheadle (FBI agent Wendell Everett)", "Liam Cunningham (Francis Sheehy)", "Mark Strong (Clive Cornell)", "Katarina \u010cas (Gabriela McBride)", "David Wilmot (Liam O'Leary)", "Rory Keenan (Garda Aidan McBride)", "Laurence Kinlan (Photographer)", "Dominique McElligott (Aoife O'Carroll)", "Sarah Greene (Sinead Mulligan)", "Fionnula Flanagan (Eileen Boyle)", "Gary Lydon (Garda Inspector Gerry Stanton)", "M\u00edche\u00e1l \u00d3g Lane (Eugene Moloney)", "Mark O'Halloran (Garda No. 1)", "David Pearse (Bartley)", "Owen Sharpe (Billy Devaney)", "Wale Ojo (Doctor Oleyuwo)", "Darren Healy (Jimmy Moody)", "Conor Moloney (Detective)", "Laura Hitchings (Female Garda)", "Pat Shortt (Colum Hennessey)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**An ordinary cop, enjoying his single life, gets into a real cop business!**\r\n\r\nI won't say it is an overrated film, but it simply did not work for me. The same director who had made 'Calvary' directed this one as well with Brendon Gleeson in the lead, but that was an earlier project to this one. I loved that film, not this one, though I consider it an average, because I did not find it bad. The theme was very familiar, and too much wasted scenes with the slow narration spoiled my mood. There's no clear perspective of the storytelling, just it concentrated on a small town cop and his single life, and rarely he fights the crime.\r\n\r\nWhen an FBI agent comes looking for some international drug dealers, a cop in a small Irish town braced to assist the American officer. Though he never cared to involve in it. He follows his usual lifestyle, enjoying every moment of his life. After a woman comes asking to find his cop husband gone missing, he now gets into the action. How serious he makes progress in the case and its result is the rest of the film to disclose.\r\n\r\nIt's not as funny as I anticipated. But watchable film for its quality narration. The actors were just okay. The characters were really weak, particularly the villains. They occasionally appear and gone for forever, and then there comes the final battle. Did not sync well between them and the cop, especially what they were fighting for, other than they are. Especially the FBI agent played by Don Cheadle casting was worthless. For a fine theme like this, the plot should have developed with at least a couple of twists and maybe a grand action sequence. It does not matter though, at least engaging plot needed, but failed on that part. Sorry to say that I'm not in favour of it to suggest it to anybody, though you might it better than me.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [157832, 25941, 19833, 4836]}