{"tmdb_id": 679, "title": "Aliens, le retour", "original_title": "Aliens", "slug_title": "aliens-le-retour", "date": "1986-07-18", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s 57 ans de d\u00e9rive dans l'espace, Ellen Ripley est secourue par la corporation Weyland-Yutani. Malgr\u00e9 son rapport concernant l\u2019incident survenu sur le Nostromo, elle n\u2019est pas prise au s\u00e9rieux par les militaires quant \u00e0 la pr\u00e9sence de x\u00e9nomorphes sur la plan\u00e8te LV-426 o\u00f9 se posa son \u00e9quipage\u2026 plan\u00e8te o\u00f9 plusieurs familles de colons ont \u00e9t\u00e9 envoy\u00e9s en mission de \"terraformage\". Apr\u00e8s la disparition de ces derniers, Ripley d\u00e9cide d'accompagner une escouade de marines dans leur mission de sauvetage... et d\u2019affronter \u00e0 nouveau la B\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nORMXEkYEbzkU5WkMWMgRDJwjSZ.jpg", "actors": ["Sigourney Weaver (Lt. Ellen Louise Ripley)", "Michael Biehn (Cpl. Dwayne Hicks)", "Paul Reiser (Carter J. Burke)", "Lance Henriksen (Lance Bishop)", "Carrie Henn (Rebecca \"Newt\" Jorden)", "Bill Paxton (Pvt. William L. Hudson)", "William Hope (Lt. Scott Gorman)", "Jenette Goldstein (Pvt. Jenette Vasquez)", "Al Matthews (Sgt. Al Apone)", "Mark Rolston (Pvt. Mark Drake)", "Ricco Ross (Pvt. Ricco Frost)", "Colette Hiller (Cpl. Colette Ferro)", "Daniel Kash (Pvt. Daniel Spunkmeyer)", "Cynthia Dale Scott (Cpl. Cynthia Dietrich)", "Tip Tipping (Pvt. Tim Crowe)", "Trevor Steedman (Pvt. Trevor \"Ski\" Wierzbowski)", "Paul Maxwell (Van Leuwen)", "Carl Toop (Aliens / Alien Queen)", "Valerie Colgan (ECA Rep)", "Alan Polonsky (Insurance Man)", "Alibe Parsons (Med Tech)", "Blain Fairman (Doctor)", "Barbara Coles (Cocooned Woman)", "Eddie Powell (Alien Warrior)", "James Remar (Hicks body double)", "Jay Benedict (Newt's Father (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Rob", "content": "One of my all time favorites. It still contains some of the drama and suspense of the first but with far more action leading to what I find a far more appealing storyline. As with Cameron's movies he makes you feel for the core characters from the start rather than just a bunch of 'bad ass' marines (Although they are). The progression of Ripley was really defined by this movie the 'brave but scared' Ripley of Alien is gone and a more determined, meaner Ripley emerges with elements of the older nurturing character kept in check with a young girl called Newt. It definitely stands out miles compared to all the other 80's alien-type movies of that decade."}, {"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "\"Ripley and the Soldiers\" can be found in two versions: the short version that cuts from Midway station directly to the Weyland-Yutani hearing, and the \"director's cut\" which cuts to a waiting room with a wall size \"scenery channel\" display.\r\nWhen I first saw the short version, I wondered how Ripley was able to make an immediate connection with Newt. \"Sister solidarity\" sounded bogus, and the \"director's cut\" cleared up that mystery.\r\nThe more interesting \"director's cut\" reveals Newt's family on LV-426, a long discussion on what the surviving Marines are facing, and an action sequence featuring the deadly Sentry units. \r\nAs Ripley suggested, I.Q.s did drop sharply among the Weyland-Yutani brass, with Carter Burke sending a deadly directive to \"Hadley's Hope.\" \r\n\r\nIn short: Ripley is living the blue collar life by day and experiencing a recurrent \"Alien birth\" nightmare at night. Carter Burke and Colonial Marine Lt. Gorman visit her, saying contact has been lost with LV-426. Signing a devil's deal with Weyland-Yutani, Ripley boards the \"Sulaco\" with a \"company\" of Colonial Marines. To her horror, an android, \"Bishop\" is part of the crew, recalling the murderous \"Nostromo\" science officer, Ash. The trash-talking Colonial Marines give Ripley's tale short shrift, as they prepare for the \"Bug Hunt.\" The armed-to-the-teeth party finds no colonists, but evidence of a battle to the death. Then something streaks out of hiding, pursued by Ripley. \"Mewt\" is the sole survivor of \"Hadley's Hope\" who views the soldiers with a disdainful \"it won't make any differene.\" A computer search finds the colonists clustered deep below the power plant.\r\nThe Marines descend into the sub-sub-basement level and find out how true Ripley's tale is. After retreating from Hell, the survivors seal themselves off from the \"Xenomorphs\" as best as they can, dispatching \"Bishop\" to bring down the other drop ship. The Aliens attack and the soldiers fall one after another, leading to an abduction and a face off in an egg-filled chamber. This sequel is superior to the first movie, and leads to \"Ripley and the Convicts.\" 8/10."}, {"pseudo": "Charles Dance", "content": "**The Disney film of the franchise**\r\n\r\nA basic shoot 'em up that comes complete with soldiers greasing up and watching each others muscles and also added an annoying kid straight out of Oliver Twist.\r\n\r\nCameron took everything Ridley Scott slowly built up and tossed it in the trash can to make a cheap shot Stallone/ Schwarzenegger style action fiasco.\r\n\r\nPeople who like this one tend to not be fans of horror movies as they complain about the _dark nature_ of the horror film Alien 3 - LOL - and this is precisely the reason Aliens fails as part of the horror franchise that is Alien.\r\n\r\n\r\n- Charles Dance"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "My mommy always said there were no monsters - no real ones - but there are.\r\n\r\nRipley has been found in deep space by a salvage ship and brought back to a space station to be awoken from her 57 year sleep. Here she is mortified to find that the planet on which herself and her now deceased Nostromo crew found the Alien, LV-426, has been colonised by Weyland-Yutani Company. Suffice to say that when The Company representative, Burke, tells her that all contact is lost, she's not in the least bit surprised. Unable to get anyone to believe her about what happened to the Nostromo crew, Ripley is cajoled into going back to LV-426 with a crack team of space marines to seek, destroy or rescue...\r\n\r\nHow do you make a sequel to one of the finest, most loved modern era films ever? This was something that director James Cameron must have pondered on many a dark night once he had agreed to make Aliens. The answer was to rightly not copy the format so brilliantly laid down by Ridley Scott and his team for Alien, but to embrace its mood and enhance it with thrills spills and exhilaration. This was only Cameron's third feature length movie, and here he was working with the crew who had made Scott's movie so special. Also writing as well as directing, this could have gone very wrong indeed, but Cameron rose to the challenge admirably and set up his marker on how his film would succeed. Keep the premise simple and seamlessly connected to Scott's film, and lets have more. Not just one bad ass acid bleeding alien, but an army of them, and their mother too!\r\n\r\nThey mostly come at night - mostly.\r\n\r\nWhere Alien was a splicing of sci-fi wonderment and basic horror terrors, Aliens is a blend of war film staples to compliment both of those earlier picture things. Thus in keeping with Cameron's more is more work in progress skeleton. Another thing that Cameron instinctively called right was to make Aliens about Ripley (Sigorney Weaver simply brilliant), it's her story. Be it a parental thread or a feminist heroine fighting off the phallic hoards, cinema got in Ripley's extension one of its finest and strongest female characters ever (Weaver was nominated for Best Actress but lost out to Marlee Matlin for Children of a Lesser God). \r\n\r\nThematically Aliens has been pored over in regards to metaphors about Vietnam, foreign policy and corporate greed at any cost, and rest assured that Aliens isn't merely one big excuse for a shoot them up bonanza. But realistically, and explaining why it was such a huge box office success, it's with the thrills and terror that Aliens most succeeds. The action scenes are slick and at times breath taking, and the tension is often palpable. None more so as we enter the film at the half way point, because here we realise that we have characters to care about. Blood, brains and brawn, all led by a heroine of considerable guile and guts. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [348, 8077, 8078, 106], "youtube_key": "LSHAgmGR-Ig"}