{"tmdb_id": 682, "title": "L'Homme au pistolet d'or", "original_title": "The Man with the Golden Gun", "slug_title": "l-homme-au-pistolet-d-or", "date": "1974-12-01", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 San Francisco, James Bond a peut-\u00eatre rencontr\u00e9 un rival \u00e0 sa hauteur en la personne de Scaramanga, un tueur mondialement connu pour ex\u00e9cuter ses victime \u00e0 l\u2019aide d\u2019un pistolet d\u2019or. Lorsque Scaramanga s\u2019empare du pr\u00e9cieux convertisseur d\u2019\u00e9nergie, le Solex Agitator, 007 est charg\u00e9 de mettre la main sur l\u2019appareil et d\u2019affronter le tueur au pistolet d\u2019or dans une lutte\u2026 \u00e0 mort.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/muQhg2P0Xfs29Lta1RoyNW6QzDj.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Moore (James Bond)", "Christopher Lee (Francisco Scaramanga)", "Britt Ekland (Mary Goodnight)", "Maud Adams (Andrea Anders)", "Herv\u00e9 Villechaize (Nick Nack)", "Clifton James (Sheriff J.W. Pepper)", "Richard Loo (Hai Fat)", "Soon-Tek Oh (Lieutenant Hip)", "Marc Lawrence (Rodney)", "Bernard Lee (M)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Desmond Llewelyn (Q)", "James Cossins (Colthorpe)", "Yao Lin Chen (Chula)", "Carmen du Sautoy (Saida)", "Marne Maitland (Lazar)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb18359958", "content": "**Excellent Bond film.**\r\n\r\nSuperior Bond film with Christopher Lee as an assassin who sets his sights on Sir Roger Moore. Big mistake!\r\n\r\nA fast moving entry from Guy Hamilton that has lovely locations, incredible stunts - (The car flip has yet to be bettered)  sexy ladies, a great theme tune, the return of the hilarious Sheriff J W Pepper and of course the legendary Sir Roger Moore as James Bond.\r\n\r\n\r\nIf only the bland 2006 reboot were as entertaining."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\u201cThe plane, the plane\u201d\r\n\r\nAgent 007 (Roger Moore) learns that he\u2019s on the hit list of the world's most expensive assassin, Scaramanga (Christopher Lee). Traveling from Beirut to Macau, China, to Bangkok, Thailand, he aims to confront the assassin while recovering sensitive solar cell equipment. Herv\u00e9 Villechaize is on hand as Scaramanga\u2019s little assistant, Nick Nack.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Man with the Golden Gun\u201d (1974) was Moore\u2019s second outing as Bond. He did 7 films for the franchise in 13 years from 1973-1985. Moore\u2019s stint is my favorite run in the series with all seven films being kinetic, amusing, scenic and just all-around entertaining. There\u2019s not one clunker in the bunch and they were all profitable at the box office, but this one kinda got lost between the cracks of \u201cLive and Let Die\u201d (1973) and \u201cThe Spy who Loved Me\u201d (1977).\r\n\r\nDirector Guy Hamilton made three prior Bond films, \u201cLive and Let Die,\u201d \u201cDiamonds are Forever\u201d (1971) and \u201cGoldfinger\u201d (1964), and wanted 007 to be more rough around the edges in this movie, like he is in Ian Fleming\u2019s book. As such, Moore's acting seems more \"tough\u201d here than his other Bond entrees; for instance, the way he treats Andrea (Maud Adams) in the arm twisting scene. But Moore didn't like playing the character this way and toned it down for the rest of his installments.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s picturesque Asian globetrotting, with the Thailand islands being particularly scenic (standing in for \u201cRed Chinese waters\u201d). On the female front, there\u2019s Agent Mary Goodnight played by Britt Ekland, who looks great in a floral bikini during the last reel. There\u2019s also the aforementioned Adams as Andrea and a cameo by Chew Mee. Memorable moments include an entertaining martial arts academy sequence; the amusing return of redneck Sheriff JW Pepper (Clifton James), who\u2019s vacationing in Bangkok with his wife; a great car-jumping stunt; and Scaramanga\u2019s secret solar power plant operation.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 5 minutes and was shot in Thailand (Phang Nga Bay and Bangkok) and Hong Kong/ Macau, with additional work done in England.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [691, 253, 699, 700]}