{"tmdb_id": 68340, "title": "Doctor at Large", "original_title": "Doctor at Large", "slug_title": "doctor-at-large", "date": "1957-03-26", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "The third of the \"Doctor\" films. Newly qualified doctor Simon Sparrow goes in search of a job. He applies for a surgery position at the hospital where he studied, but manages to insult the senior surgeon and one of the hospital's governors. So, instead he ends up as assistant to with a niggardly and rather scary GP with an amerous wife, followed by cushy but rather unmedical job with a Harley Street doctor, and then a job with a very nice GP whp is the opposite to the first one. But after getting the chance to rescue the hospital governor from a group of angry ladies at a resort in France, he finally lands a job at his beloved hosdpital.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s4vV0elsd0Daibml7ZSEK6bcdkG.jpg", "actors": ["Dirk Bogarde (Dr Simon Sparrow)", "Muriel Pavlow (Dr Joy Gibson)", "Donald Sinden (Dr Tony Benskin)", "James Robertson Justice (Sir Lancelot Spratt)", "Shirley Eaton (Nurse Nan McPherson)", "Michael Medwin (Dr. Charles Bingham)", "Derek Farr (Dr. Erasmus Potter-Shine)", "Lionel Jeffries (Dr. Hatchett)", "Athene Seyler (Lady Hawkins)", "Noel Purcell (Padre)", "George Coulouris (Pascoe)", "Anne Heywood (Emerald)", "Barbara Murray (Kitty)", "Mervyn Johns (Smith)", "Dilys Laye (Mrs. Jasmine Hatchett)", "Terence Longdon (George)", "Maureen Pryor (Mrs. Dalton)", "Ernest Thesiger (Examiner)", "Geoffrey Keen (Examiner)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [68337, 68339, 68242, 4701], "youtube_key": "notfound"}