{"tmdb_id": 68572, "title": "Possessed", "original_title": "Possessed", "slug_title": "possessed", "date": "2000-10-22", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "An 11 year old boy starts throwing temper tantrums, vomiting on and attacking people, and swearing uncontrollably.  Furniture begins to move on its own when he is around, and he doesn't remember any of it.  After giving up on the protestants, the boy's parents turn to the catholic church for help.  Father Bowden is a WWII veteran who is experiencing nightmares, flashbacks and other personal problems, including alcoholism.  He is recruited by the archbishop to perform a series of exorcisms.  This is the apparent true account of the last exorcism known to have been done by the catholic church.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s6lOwuMgUMfZ5IBhpw8EXzXTONi.jpg", "actors": ["Timothy Dalton (Fr. Willam Bowden)", "Henry Czerny (Fr. Raymond McBride)", "Jonathan Malen (Robbie Mannheim)", "Michael Rhoades (Karl Mannheim)", "Shannon Lawson (Phyllis Mannheim)", "Christopher Plummer (Archbishop Hume)", "Michael McLachlan (Halloran)", "Richard Waugh (Reverend Eckhardt)", "Deborah Drakeford (Mrs. Eckhardt)", "Piper Laurie (Aunt Hanna)", "Brad Borbridge (German Soldier)", "Robert Tinkler (American Soldier)", "Scott Wickware (Racist Cop)", "Jefferson Mappin (Big Prisoner)", "Nicholas Pasco (Jail Cop)", "Sally Cahill (Robbie's Teacher)", "Galen Dineen (School Bully)", "Jamie Kerr (School Bully Larry)", "Boyd Banks (Zealot)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [265240, 73101, 73336, 27442], "youtube_key": "notfound"}