{"tmdb_id": 68612, "title": "Confession", "original_title": "Confession", "slug_title": "confession", "date": "2005-11-29", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8GsUHI7cGKhpCkepB0hvE4Amv5Z.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Pine (Luther Scott)", "Cameron Daddo (Father Michael Kelly)", "Bruce Davison (Father Thomas Parker)", "Tom Bosley (Father Abbot Sutton)", "Peter Greene (Detective William Fletcher)", "Lukas Behnken (Robbie Willingham)", "Travis Van Winkle (Scott)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Stephie59", "content": "I just watched this movie, Confession. From the time it started I was intrigued. First of all I love Chris Pine and think of him as a good actor. The movie started off as very interesting and continued so til the end. However, there are some things I didn't like.\r\n\r\nWithout giving away much, I felt that the priest who was accused (that's in the synopis so I'm not giving anything away), had me very annoyed because I felt he could have said something without breaking his vows.\r\n\r\nThe detective did not do due diligence in trying to find out more about the crime because he was so hell bent on believing the priest was guilty. I also think they could have fleshed out his reason for his distrust/hatred of priests.\r\n\r\nI can forgive the director because I understand he wrote this when he was just 14 years old at a prep school and directed this in his early twenties. So I would give him A for Effort. Still a very interesting story and a good watch if you want a little intrigue. Would love to know what others thought of it."}], "recommandations_id": []}