{"tmdb_id": 68721, "title": "Iron Man 3", "original_title": "Iron Man 3", "slug_title": "iron-man-3", "date": "2013-04-18", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Tony Stark, l\u2019industriel flamboyant qui est aussi Iron Man, est confront\u00e9 cette fois \u00e0 un ennemi qui va attaquer sur tous les fronts. Lorsque son univers personnel est d\u00e9truit, Stark se lance dans une qu\u00eate acharn\u00e9e pour retrouver les coupables. Plus que jamais, son courage va \u00eatre mis \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9preuve, \u00e0 chaque instant. Dos au mur, il ne peut plus compter que sur ses inventions, son ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9, et son instinct pour prot\u00e9ger ses proches. Alors qu\u2019il se jette dans la bataille, Stark va enfin d\u00e9couvrir la r\u00e9ponse \u00e0 la question qui le hante secr\u00e8tement depuis si longtemps : est-ce l\u2019homme qui fait le costume ou bien le costume qui fait l\u2019homme ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/77YQp87kaoe53p7Axd9X4fcMF6J.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Virginia \"Pepper\" Potts)", "Don Cheadle (James \"Rhody\" Rhodes / Iron Patriot)", "Guy Pearce (Aldrich Killian)", "Rebecca Hall (Maya Hansen)", "Jon Favreau (Harold \"Happy\" Hogan)", "Ben Kingsley (Trevor Slattery / Mandarin)", "James Badge Dale (Savin)", "Stephanie Szostak (Brandt)", "Paul Bettany (J.A.R.V.I.S. (voice))", "William Sadler (President Matthew Ellis)", "Dale Dickey (Mrs. Davis)", "Ty Simpkins (Harley Keener)", "Miguel Ferrer (Vice President Rodriguez)", "Wang Xue-qi (Doctor Wu)", "Shaun Toub (Ho Yinsen)", "Matthew Sterling Nye (Annoying Conference Guy)", "Pat Kiernan (Pat Kiernan)", "Josh Elliott (Josh Elliott)", "Megan Henderson (Megan Henderson)", "Thomas Roberts (Thomas Roberts)", "Bill Maher (Bill Maher)", "Joan Rivers (Joan Rivers)", "George Kotsiopoulos (George Kotsiopoulos)", "Bronte D'Esposito (Neptune's Net Girl)", "Noah Visconti (Neptune's Net Boy)", "Ashley Hamilton (Taggart)", "Brooke Jayne Taylor (Happy's Nurse)", "Kim Dean (Hospital News Reporter)", "Glenn Foster (Pushy Tabloid Reporter)", "Anthony Reynolds (Helicopter Pilot #1)", "Kendrick Cross (Helicopter Pilot #2)", "Tom Clark (Reporter at House Wreckage)", "Brian Schaeffer (Mandarin Studio Technician)", "John Eddins (Mandarin Look-Out)", "Spencer Garrett (Rose Hill Sheriff)", "Rockey Dickey Jr. (Rose Hill Deputy / Extremis Soldier)", "Drew Michael Hershner (Rose Hill Christmas Tree Shopper)", "Sarah Burkhardt (Junior Technician)", "Jan Broberg (Senior Technician)", "Andrew Lauer (Satellite Technician)", "Nate Bynum (Technical Director)", "Andrew Lander (Vice President's Analyst)", "Tom Virtue (Thomas Richards)", "Roy McCrerey (President's Aide)", "Serdar Kalsin (Scared Insurgent)", "Demetrois Hodges (Laughing Insurgent)", "Bobby Tisdale (Pageant Emcee)", "Yvonne Zima (Miss Elk Ridge)", "Stan Lee (Pageant Judge)", "Adam Pally (Gary the Cameraman)", "James Rackley (Chad Davis)", "Cullen Moss (Extremis Candidate)", "Jake Dewitt (Room Service Waiter / Extremis Soldier)", "Rebecca Mader (Sweat Shop Agent)", "Kevin Arnold (Mandarin Guard)", "Juan C. Bofill (Mandarin Guard)", "David Buglione (Mandarin Guard)", "Adam Lytle (Mandarin Guard)", "Paul Andrew O'Connor (Mandarin Guard)", "Phil Ortiz (Mandarin Guard)", "Gwendalyn Barker (Sleepy Mandarin Girl)", "Steve Wilder (Annoyed Mandarin Guard)", "Luciana Faulhaber (Mandarin Party Girl #1)", "Kary Musa (Mandarin Party Girl #2)", "Mike Massa (Tony's Guard)", "Mark Kubr (Ponytail Express)", "Si-Fu Eric Oram (Reluctant AIM Guard)", "Naomi Parshin (AIM Ping Pong Girl)", "Aurelia Riley (AIM Ping Pong Girl)", "Johanna Yunda (AIM Ping Pong Girl)", "Wesley Thompson (Secret Service Agent)", "Jenna Ortega (Vice President's Daughter)", "T. C. Anyachonkeya (Iron Patriot Fan #1)", "Chad Kurtz (Iron Patriot Fan #2)", "Cal Johnson (Air Force One Officer)", "Corey Hawkins (Navy Op)", "Linden Ashby (Commander)", "Sarah Farooqui (Heather)", "Sala Baker (Extremis Soldier)", "Kial Butler (Extremis Soldier)", "Nick Brandon (Extremis Soldier)", "Dan Brown (Extremis Soldier)", "Fernando Chien (Extremis Soldier)", "Ilram Choi (Extremis Soldier)", "Brycen Counts (Extremis Soldier)", "Kiante Elam (Extremis Soldier)", "Dane Farwell (Extremis Soldier)", "Mark Fichera (Extremis Soldier)", "Colin Follenweider (Extremis Soldier)", "Aja Frary (Extremis Soldier)", "Mark Ginther (Extremis Soldier)", "Adrian Gonzalez (Extremis Soldier)", "Dennis Keiffer (Extremis Soldier)", "Samuel Le (Extremis Soldier)", "Tara Macken (Extremis Soldier)", "William Morts (Extremis Soldier)", "Jade Quon (Extremis Soldier)", "J. C. Robaina (Extremis Soldier)", "Markos Rounthwaite (Extremis Soldier)", "Philip J Silvera (Extremis Soldier)", "Brian Simpson (Extremis Soldier)", "Mark Aaron Wagner (Extremis Soldier)", "Chris Gethard (Juan (uncredited))", "Nick W. Nicholson (White House Reporter (uncredited))", "Bridger Zadina (Richie (uncredited))", "Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "There can be many reasons why the original director of a franchise may decide not to return for a sequel, though they all usually have in common that they're very Hollywood-politically-correct. So exactly why Jon Favreau decided not to helm the third instalment of what is, for all intents and purposes, 'his baby' Iron Man, I can't be sure. But I can tell you one thing: something definitely changed.\r\n\r\nEverything about IM3 feels different from its predecessors. The atmosphere is darker, which is not to say it's really just a lot less humorous (which is \u2013 let's be honest \u2013 precisely what we love about Iron Man). The new characters are terribly underdeveloped and overall it's just a great deal less interesting. The storyline was completely vague to me; I'm still not really sure what the whole point of it was. And probably the biggest flaw of all \u2013 the first two films had really cool, interesting villains. This one's just really quite weird and not charismatic at all. Possibly at the core of the problem is the fact that it wasn't just one bad guy, it was many. The leading roles are shared by Guy Pearce and Sir Ben Kingsley, and \u2013 big shock \u2013 it was the latter who disappointed me the most. Not only was his role quite small, I thought it was also incredibly lame. I'd love to explain to you why, but that would be a major spoiler. I noticed some people in the audience laughing at the plot twist of Kingsley's character, but I thought it was just completely stupid and weak, and a total waste of such a great actor. Pearce is not bad, but never really manages to elevate his villain to a higher level, largely because he had zero character development to work with. Same thing with Rebecca Hall. Or the rest of Pearce's cronies for that matter... Too many to count. Sigh.\r\n\r\nWell, at least we still have Robert Downey Jr. He's as reliable as ever when it comes to carrying a film, but even he can't help it that his character is almost boring in this one. Where's the humour!? Where's the cynicism we all know and love?! Where's Tony bloody Stark! This is not the familiar overconfident, pompous macho we adore. All of a sudden, and for NO apparent reason whatsoever, this guy is insecure and suffering from anxiety attacks! What the F! Not to mention the fact that his superhero alter ego is almost completely absent for half of the film, because he's off somewhere in the middle of Tennessee finding himself or whatever... I mean, geez... I know the director left, but didn't any of the screenwriters return either? The fact that Pepper Potts had only about two minutes of relevant screen time also certainly didn't help. And when she was there, she was humourless and annoying. Big sigh.\r\n\r\nThe more I think about it, the more I'm having a hard time trying to think of good things to say about this film. At least the visual effects were solid, and the sound effects were awesome.\r\n\r\nThis was actually the first time I've seen a film in 3D. I've always avoided it because I was sure that it would be a complete distraction from the story. Turns out I was right in my assumption. I found it hard to focus on what was really going on, and this might have definitely been an influence in trying to follow the plot, so there's a big chance I missed a few things. Nevertheless, I can't help being very disappointed with Iron Man 3, especially since I love the first two so much.\r\n\r\nThis is definitely a filmmakers' case of \"could've, would've, should've\". They obviously tried very hard, but never quite manage to get there.\r\n\r\nNo story, no interesting characters, no filler. Nothing. Too bad.\r\n_(June 2013)_"}, {"pseudo": "CaptainPeliKen", "content": "This was probably the first time a movie has made me this angry in the theater.  It pissed me off then and it still pisses me off when it's on television.  If I could summarize this film in one word, it would be: obnoxious.  I wasn't really hyped for this film but I was expecting to have some fun since I did enjoy the previous Iron Man films.  This was the movie that made me start to dislike the character of Tony Stark/Iron Man (RDJ is still the man though).  Stark's narcissism had charm in the previous films but here, it made him into a complete idiot, dick, and coward. The Mandarin had potential to be an effective villain but the movie scraps him for a more lame villain than Justin Hammer from Iron Man 2.  The comedy was forced and annoying and the story has plot holes that were distracting.  I watched Thor 2 a while after this released but the taste from this movie was so bitter that even though I thought Thor 2 was alright, I just didn't want to see anymore films from this cinematic universe.  This movie is what killed the MCU for me."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed by this third instalment of the Iron Man series of movies. Sure Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark is quite funny (not always but a lot of the time) and there are plenty of nice special effects and things being blown up.\r\n\r\nHowever, the story is just crap. The premise of Killian using the Mandarin for terrorism to cover up the fact that his experiments occasionally fails is just ludicrous. The Mandarin himself is a joke and another good example of how ignorant script writers just pick names out of existing material and uses them not caring how much they screw up established characters and world building already done. Whoever wrote this script should be ashamed of himself.\r\n\r\nWhat is worse, the entire movie is very anti-Iron-Man. It starts right of with Stark being obsessed by his Iron Man suits and a lot of harping about him stopping being Iron Man. Most of the time Stark is running around without his suit and the few times he is in it then the suit does not work properly or is shot off him almost immediately. Actually, most of Stark\u2019s cool stuff is just shot to hell most of the time. \r\n\r\nThe end is full of fireworks but again, it is mostly a display in how you can destroy Iron Man suits and some more anti-Iron-Man crap.\r\n\r\nI cannot say that I did not enjoy watching the fireworks and special effects but as a whole I am disappointed with this movie."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long form review originally posted in 2013**\r\n\r\n_Iron Man 3_ brings us into the so called \u201cPhase 2\u201d of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. But it does so in a flawed way. I\u2019ve said it before and reiterate it here, there is no such thing as a perfect film. But since _The Avengers_ set the bar so very high, following that up proved to simply be too much for Black\u2019s entry to handle.\r\n\r\nThere are a great deal of inconstancies, plot holes, stupid moves, illogical choices, and weak moments (though less than much of the internet would have you believe). These issues are not enough to lead to _Iron Man 3\u2019s_ complete and utter downfall, but they do force a sour taste into the piece overall.\r\n\r\nThis isn\u2019t to say it\u2019s a bad movie though. In fact it\u2019s actually quite good. It surpasses the quality of _Iron Man 2_ and plants itself firmly in the MCU rather successfully. A move which only _The Incredible Hulk_ failed to make, but still. Yes it has its problems, yes we\u2019d hoped for better, and yes I\u2019ve got complaints, but the movie is not at all a failure. Manages to come full circle in a way that still leaves Tony Stark & Iron Man a future in the Marvel Universe.\r\n\r\nShane Black and Drew Pearce manage to bring in a sense of vulnerability that was barely touched on in the past MCU works. Even the minuscule Steve Rogers of _Captain America_ seemed in control of every situation. But here we see Tony Stark as not only a breakable man, but a man in general. The most human of any Super Hero appearance in the MCU to date. Yes the Robert Downey Jr. wit that all have come to expect from the piece is still on the table, but in between and beneath that there\u2019s an insomniac with extreme anxiety disorders living separated from the real world, too invested in his work and shattered identity to live as the Stark everyone expects him to still be.\r\n\r\nPepper and Rhodey are even given a chance to pick up the slack. The three form this sort of protagonist trinity, Saving one another in a round-robin Super Hero-y way with a little more depth than I\u2019d expected.\r\n\r\nThe _Iron Man_ movies famously have had the most disappointing bad-guy-show-downs in the genre. And though here Black gives us much more of a delivery on this front than Favreau ever did, the issues I had with _Iron Man 3_ came (almost) exclusively from A.I.M, the Mandarin and Extremis (which form the antagonist trinity now that I think of it).\r\n\r\nSo, we\u2019ve got better a better final confrontation, but from less integral bad guys. A more human hero, stuck in a less human adventure. A better interlocking of characters, with less to do on screen. I could go on with this roller coaster, but that word essentially sums up the film. Not in that its a cliched \u201cthrill ride\u201d, but in that it\u2019s a constant mess of ups and downs, with the final destination just barely justifying the start point.\r\n\r\nSpeaking non-comparitively, _Iron Man 3_ makes a good movie. Not great. But so very, very worth the watch. It\u2019s hard for me to think objectively separate from the other films in the MCU, because I\u2019ve seen them all so many times that there\u2019s no way for me to forget all that\u2019s come before when watching the movie. I\u2019d be interested to hear from somebody who\u2019s watched _Iron Man 3_, but not _Iron Man 1_ & _2_ or _The Avengers_. I\u2019m sure such a person exists somewhere, and if so your input would be greatly appreciated.\r\n\r\nI think I might have made it seem as if I disliked Iron Man 3 more than I actually did. Here\u2019s why. From _Iron Man 2_ until _The Avengers_, I watched all the MCU films in cinemas. After each one, I immediately got that feeling of wanting to go back and watch it again, a feeling that steadily grew as time passed. Each film that Marvel released had me feeling this more strongly than the last, culminating in _The Avengers_ which I saw six times in theatres, and immediately pre-ordered the whole set on Blu-Ray the moment it became available (I bought a PS3 for the sole purpose of watching them). But with _Iron Man 3_ I sort of dropped back to a pretty low interest level once I\u2019d left Hoyts. It seemed that although it was a really good watch, it just didn\u2019t have the staying power I\u2019d come to expect from these incredible Super Hero films.\r\n\r\n67%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "I don't understand the hate for this one. The fact that Tony Stark is barely in the suit makes for an interesting take on analyzing the humanity of the character. I also found the villain plot twist halfway through the movie to be quite clever and surprisingly satisfying.\r\n\r\nIt certainly feels more like a Shane Black movie than an Iron Man movie, but that's a great thing. It shows Marvel is willing to give their filmmakers a voice and the room to take risks in their storytelling. Iron Man 3 is a very risky movie, and to me it paid off."}], "recommandations_id": [10138, 1726, 24428, 1771]}