{"tmdb_id": 68726, "title": "Pacific Rim", "original_title": "Pacific Rim", "slug_title": "pacific-rim", "date": "2013-07-11", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Aventure", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Surgies des flots, des hordes de cr\u00e9atures monstrueuses, les \"Kaiju\", ont d\u00e9clench\u00e9 une guerre qui a fait des millions de victimes et \u00e9puis\u00e9 les ressources naturelles de l'humanit\u00e9 pendant des ann\u00e9es. Pour les combattre, une arme d'un genre nouveau a \u00e9t\u00e9 mise au point : de gigantesques robots, les \"Jaegers\", contr\u00f4l\u00e9s simultan\u00e9ment par deux pilotes qui communiquent par t\u00e9l\u00e9pathie. Mais m\u00eame les Jaegers semblent impuissants face aux redoutables Kaiju. Alors que la d\u00e9faite para\u00eet in\u00e9luctable, les forces arm\u00e9es qui prot\u00e8gent l'humanit\u00e9 n'ont d'autre choix que d'avoir recours \u00e0 deux h\u00e9ros hors normes : un ancien pilote au bout du rouleau et une jeune femme en cours d'entra\u00eenement qui font \u00e9quipe pour man\u0153uvrer un Jaeger l\u00e9gendaire, quoique d'apparence obsol\u00e8te. Ensemble, ils incarnent d\u00e9sormais le dernier rempart de l'humanit\u00e9 contre une apocalypse de plus en plus imminente\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/d2rxCDKSQB1WyBkdgbIhIuhQ1CM.jpg", "actors": ["Idris Elba (Stacker Pentecost)", "Charlie Hunnam (Raleigh Becket)", "Rinko Kikuchi (Mako Mori)", "Clifton Collins Jr. (Tendo Choi)", "Max Martini (Herc Hansen)", "Robert Kazinsky (Chuck Hansen)", "Ron Perlman (Hannibal Chau)", "Charlie Day (Dr. Newton Geiszler)", "Burn Gorman (Dr. Hermann Gottlieb)", "Robert Maillet (Lt. Aleksis Kaidanovsky)", "Heather Doerksen (Lt. Sasha Kaidanovsky)", "Larry Joe Campbell (Tommy T)", "Brad William Henke (Miles)", "Diego Klattenhoff (Yancy Becket)", "Santiago Segura (Wizened Man)", "Jane Watson (Raleigh and Yancy's Mom)", "Jung-Yul Kim (Hannibal Chau Thug)", "Joshua Peace (Officer)", "Mana Ashida (Young Mako)", "Joe Pingue (Captain Merrit)", "Milton Barnes (McTighe)", "Brian Frank (1st Officer)", "Ellen McLain (Gipsy Danger AI (voice))", "David Fox (Old Man on Beach)", "Jake Goodman (Child)", "Robin Thomas (American UN Representative)", "Julian Barnes (British UN Representative)", "David Richmond-Peck (Canadian UN Representative)", "Sebastian Pigott (Engineer)", "Victoria Marie (Chinese Girl in Anti-Kaiju Refuge)", "J.C. Kenny (TV Reporter)", "Robert Morse (Raleigh and Yancy's Dad)", "Mike Chute (Saltchuck Crew)", "Duncan McLeod (Saltchuck Crew)", "Louis Paquette (Saltchuck Crew)", "Matthew G. Taylor (Saltchuck Crew)", "Frank Nakashima (UN Representative)", "Terry Belleville (UN Representative)", "Farzad Sadrian (UN Representative)", "Mishu Vellani (UN Representative)", "Clive Walton (UN Representative)", "Peter Kosaka (Young Mako's Father)", "Yiren Stark (Young Mako's Mother)", "Mark Luu (Wei Tang Triplet)", "Charles Luu (Wei Tang Triplet)", "Lance Luu (Wei Tang Triplet)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "First I want to say I liked this movie. I was surprised, I've been hearing bad reviews but I can't see big problem. The only issues was with the story. Apart from that the graphics where very good. The actors where okay (no major actors) and the baddies (no spoilers) where well thought out and graphically impressive (same for the robots).\r\n\r\nAll in all a good movie."}, {"pseudo": "Matt Golden", "content": "When monstrous, building-sized creatures (dubbed \"kaiju\") hell-bent on destruction begin pouring out of an extra-dimensional fissure at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, humanity bands together to build titanic mechas called jaegers, each controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are linked through a neural bond called \"The Drift.\" As the kaiju get stronger and the signs point to an all-out flood of the beasts, the fate of humanity looks bleak, and the surviving jaegers are brought together for one last-ditch attempt at saving the world.\r\n\r\nAfter an agonizingly long five-year wait, filled with some heartbreaking starts and stops (like the almost-weres of The Hobbit and At the Mountains of Madness), Guillermo del Toro has finally returned with his biggest budget and story yet. The Mexican master of fantasy returns to the toybox of his youth, drawing from the kaiju films of old (Godzilla, Gamera, Mothra, and the like) and anime to create the modern-day monster movie we didn't even know we wanted.\r\n\r\nI am a genre man through and through, and del Toro's films are filled with both the intelligence of the best of science fiction, fantasy, and horror and a flawlessly-rendered vision unique to him. His innate knowledge of what makes those outlandish stories truly matter to us is the backbone of his work as a writer and director, and his visual style is one that invokes true wonder.\r\n\r\nIt's that wonder, that childlike glee that makes Pacific Rim work so well, and well it does work. This is a brawny, massive film made by a true artist and auteur at the top of his game, but while the technicals of this film could have been mounted by any number of working directors, the magic of Guillermo del Toro is that he infuses every film with himself. His love of the material, whatever it may be, shines brightly through every frame. It is this complete sincerity that makes his films such a joy to experience, and even when there are 250-foot behemoths slugging it out on the screen, there's not a trace of the disastrous irony or cynicism so readily supplied by other blockbusters anywhere to be found.\r\n\r\nThe cast gamely comes to play, with Idris Elba (TV\u2019s Luther) as Stacker Pentecost (one of my favorite character names of all time) as the stoic leader of the jaeger program, Charlie Hunnam (TV\u2019s Sons of Anarchy) as former pilot Raleigh Becket, who suffered a tragic loss and has to be convinced to return to jaeger service, and Oscar-nominated Rinko Kinkuchi (Babel) as Mako Mori, another life touched by the kaiju and ready to serve up some righteous fury. If these sound like tried-and-true archetypes, it\u2019s because they are. This is a grand, epic war film on a bigger scale than anything ever attempted before in that genre, and one of the strokes of genius from del Toro and original writer Travis Beacham is that we instantly establish and identify with the characters onscreen. There are so many ideas flying around (monsters, mechas, neural bonding, kaiju culture, and many, many more) that the broadly-drawn characters serve as a perfect anchor for the audience, immediately relatable in their inherent humanity.\r\n\r\nIt seems that the mission statment of this movie was, in a word, \u201ctexture.\u201d Del Toro delivered a visual feast unlike any other big spectacle films, with his insistence on it not looking like a \u201cglossy car commercial.\u201d Instead, every frame is filled with rain, snow, scuffs, smoke, debris, and other visual elements that reflect the weight and dimension of these cyclopean combatants. Unlike the ultra-glossy (and emotionally irrelevant) Transformers films, or virtually any other modern big-budget actioner, this universe feels dirty, grungy, and lived-in, like the original Star Wars trilogy.\r\n\r\nIn fact, dubbing a film \u201cthis generation\u2019s Star Wars\u201d has been overused to the point of robbing the phrase of all meaning. But Pacific Rim feels just like that. It invokes those most elusive of emotions in the modern studio film: wonder, awe, and sheer enjoyment. Do you remember the awe you felt upon seeing a Star Destroyer creep onto the screen? Discovering a brachiosaurus on Isla Nublar? Laying eyes on the verdant fields of Middle Earth? This film has that. No one builds worlds like del Toro, and here he is, the master, inviting you to play in his sandbox with him. Grab your favorite action figure and hop in."}, {"pseudo": "VolcanoAl", "content": "My favorite movie for years!!!I absolutely love this movie!No big story.A lot of action.The only bad thing is all the fights are at night & in the rain.A bright daylight fight would have really made it great!!!"}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "This movie has almost everything that is expected from it so just relax lay back with the pop corn and your soft drink and enjoy.\r\n\r\nJust to make noticeable the remarkable few amount of females featuring in the movie and how bad is that Travis Beacham and Guillermo del Toro just copy Evangelion's idea without giving anything back."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I enjoyed this pure special effects movie quite a lot even though the plot is totally ridiculous. Clumsy giant robots beating at alien beasts with their fists should be better than modern tanks and airplanes with modern explosive and armor penetrating weapons? As I said, a ridiculous story. Well it does not really matter does it because the story gives an excuse for some real cool special effects loaded action. Giant robots and alien Godzillas in the same movie. Cool, simply cool.\r\n\r\nOnce you have gotten past the silliness of the story it is a very entertaining rollercoaster ride of action. The scenes where the robots and aliens go head to head is visually very enjoyable. Sometimes they make you laugh as well. For instance the scene where Gipsy Danger (one of the robots) drags a cargo ship after it to use as a club.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately a somewhat somber mood is set right from the start by the fact that the Jaeger program is discontinued. Not because they are really defenseless as the movie blurb states but because dumbass politicians wants to save money as usual. Instead they build giant walls that are subsequently breached in hours. As I said, dumbass politicians. I guess they wanted to put some realism into the movie!\r\n\r\nAs much as the robot and alien action is tremendously enjoyable I think some of my favorite scenes are the ones with Ron Perlman as Hannibal Chau. I have always liked Ron Perlman and he is simply outrageously (as in funny) wacky as Hannibal Chau.\r\n\r\nThe one thing I did not like with the movie is the ludicrous nonsense statements about the dinosaurs being the first attempt at an invasion. Whoever wrote that must be an idiot. Worse, the fact that it made it into the movie means that someone believes that the audience are idiots. When it then was followed by some green-religious crap that the atmosphere was not right for them then but that we have now \u201cterraformed\u201d earth for them by our pollution it was at least a star off just for that. I hate it when they put crap like that in the movies. It is an insult to the audience.\r\n\r\nAnyway, despite the dinosaur nonsense I found it a very enjoyable movie. Without that it would have received a near top rating but as I said, it is at least a star off due to that crap."}, {"pseudo": "Teemu", "content": "Watching a CGI heavy movie 5 years following its release doesn't sound like such a hot idea, but in the case of Pacific Rim nothing really drew me out of the experience in terms of aging animation.\r\n\r\nHowever, the film itself was an 'okay' at best. Aside from the spectacle CGI fights of giants robots versus giant alien monsters it doesn't offer anything of value. This is one of those movies you can safely keep on your second monitor and zone out in between the set piece fight scenes."}], "recommandations_id": [68724, 54138, 75612, 124905]}