{"tmdb_id": 68735, "title": "Warcraft, le commencement", "original_title": "Warcraft", "slug_title": "warcraft-le-commencement", "date": "2016-05-25", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Fantastique"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Le pacifique royaume d'Azeroth est au bord de la guerre alors que sa civilisation doit faire face \u00e0 une redoutable race d\u2019envahisseurs : des guerriers Orcs fuyant leur monde moribond pour en coloniser un autre. Alors qu\u2019un portail s\u2019ouvre pour connecter les deux mondes, une arm\u00e9e fait face \u00e0 la destruction et l'autre \u00e0 l'extinction. De c\u00f4t\u00e9s oppos\u00e9s, deux h\u00e9ros vont s\u2019affronter et d\u00e9cider du sort de leur famille, de leur peuple et de leur patrie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ckrTPz6FZ35L5ybjqvkLWzzSLO7.jpg", "actors": ["Paula Patton (Garona Halforcen)", "Travis Fimmel (Anduin Lothar)", "Ben Foster (Medivh)", "Robert Kazinsky (Orgrim)", "Dominic Cooper (Llane Wrynn)", "Toby Kebbell (Durotan / Antonidas)", "Ben Schnetzer (Khadgar)", "Daniel Wu (Gul'dan)", "Clancy Brown (Blackhand)", "Ruth Negga (Lady Taria Wrynn)", "Callum Keith Rennie (Moroes)", "Ryan Robbins (Karos)", "Burkley Duffield (Callan)", "Donnie MacNeil (Squire)", "Michael Adamthwaite (King Magni)", "Dylan Schombing (Young Varian Wrynn)", "Mackenzie Gray (Delegate from Lordaeron)", "Terry Notary (Grommash Hellscream)", "Anna Galvin (Draka)", "Glenn Close (Alodi)", "Dean Redman (Varis / Caged Frostwolf)", "Glenn Ennis (Compound Guard)", "Elena Wurlitzer (Draenei Mother)", "Anna Van Hooft (Aloman)", "Callan Mulvey (Warrior)", "Adrian Glynn McMorran (Officer #1)", "Kyle Rideout (Officer #2)", "Mike Antonakos (Officer #3)", "Elisabeth Rosen (Westfall Woman)", "Patrick Sabongui (Footman)", "Wesley MacInnes (Gate Guard)", "Mackenzie Gray (Lordaerian Delegate)", "Christian Sloan (Elf Delegate)", "Val\u00e9rie Wiseman (Kul Tiran Delegate)", "Dan Payne (Clansmen)", "Eugene Lipinski (Finden)", "Christina Jastrzembska (Archmage)", "Travis MacDonald (Prison Mage #1)", "Frank C. Turner (Prison Mage #2)", "Trevor Mack (Warrior)", "Donavon Stinson (Prison Soldier)", "Joel Sturrock (Dwarf Messenger)", "Jill Morrison (Indecisive Woman (uncredited))", "G. Michael Gray (Tower Guard (uncredited))", "Raj Lal (Knight (uncredited))", "Donnie MacNeil (Squire (uncredited))", "Michael Patric (Human Villager (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "I really was expecting very little from this movie, but I was surprised. Good action and quite a decent story. Not all fresh, but well put together.\r\n\r\nI think the biggest pity is the lack of talent of Fimmel. He learnt how to perform for Vikings and he lays another flat copy of the same character.\r\n\r\nPositive points to the very good OST by Djawadi."}, {"pseudo": "moparchris", "content": "Even if you have never played \"Warcraft\" or \"World of Warcraft\" before,\r\nI think you will like this movie. It has a great story, good acting &\r\nis visually stunning. The special effects are not over the top, but are\r\nvery good & believable. Do yourself a favor & don't think of this a\r\nanother \"video game movie\", see it & you will love it & want another to\r\nbe made. I hope this turns this into a great franchise, there are too\r\nmany good stories in the \"Warcraft\" universe waiting to be told on the\r\nbig screen.  Some non WoW fans might have a hard time following the fast paced story, but watch it again if you missed it & you will understand it more. I think there could have been a bit more character development & the addition of a narration track might help non Warcraft fans understand a little better, I hope they will do a little better on the sequel."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**One fights for their new home and the others to defend theirs.**\r\n\r\nI never played Warcraft game in my life, nor read comic book, but I enjoyed this new fantasy universe. Azeroth is the world where this story takes place. When the Orcs planet was destroyed, they use a magic portal to get to Azeroth and make a safe home. But that is where humans and other intelligent species live peacefully. A new race means a new conflict to solve the differences. So the battle commences at no time to gain the power to rule the land. Between the two great powers, who wins is the film to tell us in the rest of the parts.\r\n\r\nIt was something like 'Avatar' and 'The Lost of the Rings' coming together. Despite having alien race, it is very much an action- fantasy film, not a sci-fi. From the games to film, it was awesomely made which is obviously a latest trend in the filmmaking. The graphics were good, but not perfect, and that's fine, because it succeeds to give the game look than the realistic one. I think that's the point, otherwise no disgrace to call it was inspired by the games or comic book.\r\n\r\nI know it is not a masterpiece like 'The Lord of the Rings', but there's a promise like the quality and story and its characters. There's no big names, but these actors who are known mostly for their supporting roles has given their best. Like I said I'm new to this Warcraft universe, so I don't know anything outside this film, but I'm kind of neutral on the war between the humans and orcs. Because one's world was destroyed and they're seeking a new home and the other ones are defending theirs. So everything makes sense from both the perspectives for their actions.\r\n\r\nThis is just a beginning, there's lot more sequels to come. Though, it's a pity that it failed in America, the native product, but internationally proved it is one of best of its kind, I mean games to screen adaptation. The director of 'Source Code' did a great job and all the actors, including those motion-capture artists. I missed Zoe Saldana in this, to be as another blue or green skinned alien specie, instead Paula Patton did well in a similar role. The character name also very similar to the one from 'Guardian of the Galaxy'. I know it's going to get even bigger in the follow-up, so I can't wait for it. Hope it will release in less than couple of years.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [308531, 205584, 274854, 47933], "youtube_key": "65AjY_nRdqE"}