{"tmdb_id": 68734, "title": "Argo", "original_title": "Argo", "slug_title": "argo", "date": "2012-10-11", "genre": "Drame / Thriller", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Le 4 novembre 1979, au summum de la r\u00e9volution iranienne, des militants envahissent l\u2019ambassade am\u00e9ricaine de T\u00e9h\u00e9ran, et prennent 52 Am\u00e9ricains en otage. Mais au milieu du chaos, six Am\u00e9ricains r\u00e9ussissent \u00e0 s\u2019\u00e9chapper et \u00e0 se r\u00e9fugier au domicile de l\u2019ambassadeur canadien. Sachant qu\u2019ils seront in\u00e9vitablement d\u00e9couverts et probablement tu\u00e9s, un sp\u00e9cialiste de \"l\u2019exfiltration\" de la CIA du nom de Tony Mendez monte un plan risqu\u00e9 visant \u00e0 les faire sortir du pays. Un plan si incroyable qu\u2019il ne pourrait exister qu\u2019au cin\u00e9ma.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sKHYTdKStUFCyEWOTxvejWwciio.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Tony Mendez)", "Alan Arkin (Lester Siegel)", "Bryan Cranston (Jack O'Donnell)", "John Goodman (John Chambers)", "Scoot McNairy (Joe Stafford)", "Tate Donovan (Bob Anders)", "Christopher Denham (Mark Lijek)", "Kerry Bish\u00e9 (Kathy Stafford)", "Clea DuVall (Cora Lijek)", "Victor Garber (Ken Taylor)", "Rory Cochrane (Lee Schatz)", "Kyle Chandler (Hamilton Jordan)", "Chris Messina (Malinov)", "Zeljko Ivanek (Robert Pender)", "Titus Welliver (Bates)", "Richard Kind (Max Klein)", "Taylor Schilling (Christine Mendez)", "Keith Szarabajka (Adam Engell)", "Bob Gunton (Cyrus Vance)", "Page Leong (Pat Taylor)", "Omid Abtahi (Reza Borhani)", "Sheila Vand (Sahar)", "Karina Logue (Elizabeth Ann Swift)", "Ryan Ahern (Sgt. Sickmann)", "Bill Tangradi (Alan B. Golacinski)", "Jamie McShane (William J. Daugherty)", "Roberto Garcia (Sgt. William Gallegos)", "Christopher Stanley (Thomas L. Ahern)", "Jon Woodward Kirby (Fred Kupke)", "Victor McCay (Malick)", "Matt Nolan (Peter Genco)", "J.R. Cacia (Brice)", "Bill Kalmenson (Hal Saunders)", "Rob Brownstein (Landon Butler)", "David Sullivan (Jon Titterton)", "John Boyd (Lamont)", "Yuriy Sardarov (Rossi)", "Nikka Far (Tehran Mary)", "Aidan Sussman (Ian Mendez)", "Barry Livingston (David Marmor)", "Ali Saam (Ali Khalkhali)", "Araz Vahid Ebrahim Nia (Moradi)", "Scott Anthony Leet (The Minotaur)", "Michael Parks (Jack Kirby)", "Mehrdad Sarlak (Immigration Officer)", "Ray Haratian (Immigration Officer)", "Matthew Glave (Col. Charles W. Scott)", "Nancy Stelle (Swissair Flight Attendant)", "Mark Smith (Evil Villain)", "Richard Dillane (OSS Officer Nicholls)", "Farshad Farahat (Azizi Checkpoint #3)", "Alborz Basiratmand (Student with Poster)", "Ruty Rutenberg (Marine #1)", "Michael Woolston (Marine #2)", "Sharareh Sedghi (Lady with Radio)", "Bobby Zegar (Tear Gas Student)", "Ray Porter (First A.D.)", "Allegra Carpenter (British Airways Flight Attendant)", "Adrienne Barbeau (Nina / Serksi the Gallactic Witch)", "Houshang Touzie (Deputy Minister of Islamic Guidance)", "Richard Allan Jones (Smokehouse Patron (uncredited))", "Tim Quill (Alan Sosa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheCakerBaker", "content": "Nowhere near best picture worthy, but truly excellent suspense building. The 2 hours certainly fly by with this one. Alan Arkin is a joy to watch."}, {"pseudo": "markuspm", "content": "I think there really is no other way to say this and please excuse my english. Argo f@#$% yourself (in a good way!). Watch it and you will understand. Solid member of my 'so worth it' category."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Surprisingly winner of the Oscar award for the best movie.\r\n\r\nIt is a reasonably well done picture but nothing that interesting nor well threaded that the story telling would be worth mentioning. Actually, probably the contrary.\r\n\r\nThe cast is quite good in any case."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "grave doubts about the operation themselves.\r\n\r\nThis is a good movie although the context of the movie is a rather sad one. It is definitely not my favorite genre but my wife wanted to watch it and it had received generally favorable ratings so I added it to my collection.\r\n\r\nThe historical accuracy of this movie has been questioned. I honestly do not remember any details of the events of this sad episode in Middle East history so I cannot really judge this. As far as I know the general plot is consistent with reality and in this movie it is good enough for me. I fear that, if they would have made it 100% historically accurate, the movie would have turned into a rather boring documentary instead of a fairly enjoyable drama movie.\r\n\r\nSurprisingly enough the movie was quite funny at times. The dialogue between the movie-people when they were setting up the fake movie was sometimes quite hilarious. Some parts of the movie was rather tragic of course, like the Iranian mob taking over the embassy and the crazed idiots at the bazar.\r\n\r\nOther parts where a bit silly. Why did the Iranian security have to break down their own doors at the airport instead of just calling the tower and stop the plane for instance? And the cars chasing the plane was just rubbish. The plane would have gone much faster than the cars could go long before they caught up with the plane. Also the fact that the cars basically had to panic-break in order not to hit the barrier at the end of the runway meant the plane almost ran into the barrier which, given that it made a normal take-off, is just nonsense.\r\n\r\nIn general it is a good movie although it is not really my type of movie and the movie\u2019s context, the take-over by the Iranian extremists, is a rather sad one."}], "recommandations_id": [97630, 87502, 72976, 12162]}