{"tmdb_id": 68737, "title": "Le Septi\u00e8me fils", "original_title": "Seventh Son", "slug_title": "le-septieme-fils", "date": "2014-12-12", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Il y a bien longtemps, une force mal\u00e9fique mena\u00e7ait de se d\u00e9cha\u00eener et de raviver la guerre entre les puissances surnaturelles et l'humanit\u00e9. Depuis plusieurs si\u00e8cles, le chevalier Ma\u00eetre Gregory retenait prisonni\u00e8re la redoutable et mal\u00e9fique sorci\u00e8re M\u00e8re Malkin. Mais elle s'est d\u00e9sormais \u00e9chapp\u00e9e et cherche \u00e0 se venger. Convoquant ses adeptes, M\u00e8re Malkin s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 d\u00e9verser sa terrible col\u00e8re contre un monde qui ne s'y attend pas. Seul Ma\u00eetre Gregory peut encore s'y opposer. Au cours d'un affrontement mortel, Gregory se retrouve face \u00e0 face avec une force mal\u00e9fique qu'il craignait de voir resurgir un jour. D\u00e8s lors, il lui faut initier son nouvel apprenti, Tom Ward, \u00e0 combattre la pire magie noire de tous les temps \u2013 mais il doit le faire d'ici la prochaine pleine lune, alors que plusieurs ann\u00e9es sont en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral n\u00e9cessaires pour accomplir une telle mission. Le dernier espoir de l'humanit\u00e9 tient dor\u00e9navant entre les mains du septi\u00e8me fils d'un septi\u00e8me fils.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vw7GxoDZJBE7UMf1PkmE4MGP1EB.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff Bridges (Master Gregory)", "Julianne Moore (Mother Malkin)", "Ben Barnes (Tom Ward)", "Alicia Vikander (Alice Deane)", "Kit Harington (Billy Bradley)", "Djimon Hounsou (Radu)", "Olivia Williams (Mam Ward)", "Antje Traue (Bony Lizzie)", "Jason Scott Lee (Urag)", "David Cubitt (Rogue Knight)", "Eric Keenleyside (Old Guard)", "Thai-Hoa Le (Fisherman)", "Carmel Amit (Member of Mob)", "Gerard Plunkett (Prelate)", "Jim Shield (Leader Soldier)", "Timothy Webber (Malcom Ward)", "Julian Black Antelope (Tomb Robber)", "Luc Roderique (Strix)", "Sean Carey (Soldier)", "Fraser Aitcheson (Grave Robber)", "Zahf Paroo (Virahadra)", "Loyd Catlett (Grave-robber)", "Primo Allon (Simon Ward)", "Lilah Fitzgerald (Cate Ward)", "Taya Clyne (Little Girl)", "Faustino Di Bauda (Innkeeper)", "Billy Wickman (Young Guard)", "Duffy (Stray Dog)", "Marcel Bridges (Jack Ward)", "Yaroslav Poverlo (Head Counselor)", "Isabelle Landry (Priest's Wife)", "Jason Asuncion (Mongolian)", "Joanne Bentley (Noblewoman)", "Anthony Welch (Soldier)", "Brenda McDonald (Timeless Hag)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Frank Ochieng", "content": "The mundane medieval movie \u2018Seventh Son\u2019 is indicative of the cinema wasteland that the beginning of a brand new movie season trudges in after the New Year arrives. In any event, \u2018Seventh Son\u2019 is in good company (or is that bad company?) with flaccid fare such as the sci-fi eyesore \u2018Jupiter Ascending\u2019 and the meatless melodrama \u2018The Boy Next Door\u2019 joining the parade of putrid pictures occupying the big screen at the same time. What is even more shockingly shoddy about \u2018Seventh Son\u2019s embarrassing presentation as a sluggish supernatural movie misstep is the inclusion of Oscar-winner Jeff Bridges (\u2018Crazy Heart\u2019) and current Oscar-nominee Julianne Moore (for 2014\u2019s \u2018Still Alice\u2019) saddled in director Sergei Bodrov\u2019s (\u2018Mongol) period piece sci-fi sludge. Bridges\u2019s gray-haired evil-bashing spook and Moore\u2019s wicked witch may very well deserve to have their SAG cards revoked upon audiences sitting through this faceless fantasy of hocus-pocus.\r\n\r\n\u2018Seventh Son\u2019 wastes no time in setting up its familiar, generic premise involving a mentor-trainee tandem in the wise and haggard spook Gregory (Bridges) and his youthful farmboy protege Thomas Ward (Ben Barnes), an apprentice learning the ropes in taming the evil-doers that dare to exist and persist. Get this\u2026old Gregory is considered a laughingstock (in addition to appearing as a leading personality in this ludicrous narrative) for believing in the evil-minded forces that he warns about consistently. Well, Gregory\u2019s warnings are not so humorous to the naysayers when the sinister witch Mother Malkin (Moore) makes her hostile presence known. Resembling \u2018Maleficent\u2019s gaudy twin sister in wardrobe, Mother Malkin escapes her confines to concentrate on two treacherous tasks at hand: seek revenge on the meddling geezer Gregory and, of course, to control the world under her devilish grasp. The sorcery sass Malkin means business and the desperate Gregory must contain her with the recruitment of the chosen Thomas.\r\n\r\nNaturally, Thomas comes with a unique yet confusing mythology attached to his backstory which explains Gregory\u2019s undivided attention towards the young sword-wielding raw talent. It is revealed that the revered young-blood Thomas is the \u2018seventh son\u2019 from a lineage of seventh sons in his lineage. Thus, Thomas has the specialized aura to carry his own weight into battle as he will serve as an adequate fighting tool for Gregory and the cause to restore order for a doomed society not ready to deal with cutthroat Queen of Mean in Mother Malkin.\r\n\r\nSo we witness Thomas\u2019 so-called training methods and the philosophical mantras that go along with his journey in the name of good versus evil. What would a stud-in-combat-mode be without a lovely lady as an incentive to complete his heroic sacrifices? In this case, Thomas develops a romance with his object of affection in half-witch Alice (Alicia Vikander) who may have some hidden relationship secrets of her own that may prove critical.\r\n\r\nBodrov\u2019s wooden direction and screenwriters Charles Leavitt (\u2018Blood Diamonds\u2019) and Steven Knight (\u2018Easter Promises\u2019) present an amateurish and spotty script that does no favours at all for the rancid \u2018Seventh Son\u2019. Drowsy dialogue, disjointed storylines, hammy acting, tedious fight sequences, derivative-looking 3-D special effect flourishes, cornball sorcery ans swords swagger, spaced-out and unintentional amusing dragons and other convoluted creatures are all are on delusional display in this faulty fable that feels strung together in the aftermath of a drunken stupor originating at the local pub.\r\n\r\nIn this demonic dud, both Bridges (whose \u2018Seventh\u2019 role recalls the forgettable flop \u2018R.I.P.D.\u2019) and Moore are outrageously cast in this clumsy costumed drama and one has to wonder why these veteran performers would sign on the dotted line to appear in this medieval mess? Barnes follows suit as the touted apprentice but his Luke Skywalker-lite antics in \u2018Seventh Son\u2019 are dismissed almost instantly. Even the pronounced presence of Oscar-nominee Djimon Hounsou (\u2018Blood Diamonds\u2019, \u2018Gladiator\u2019, \u2018In America\u2019) cannot give any animated muscle as he appears as Radu, a multiple blade-armed, sword-swinging warlock with stylish jazzy chain accessories. Only the supporting roles of Vikander\u2019s bewitching beauty Alice and Olivia Williams\u2019s Mam Ward (Thomas\u2019 mother) come out of this vacuous venture looking mildly memorable and inviting.\r\n\r\n\u2018Seventh Son\u2019 is based upon the Joseph Delaney books with a decent following in literary circles. The big screen adaptation of Delaney\u2019s pages is meager to say the least. Clearly, there will be no heralded \u2018Twilight\u2019 trend beneath \u2018Seventh Son\u2019s cinematic wings and, if this statement is proven wrong, then perhaps those very same wings need a serious clipping.\r\n\r\nSeventh Son (2015)\r\n\r\nUniversal Pictures\r\n\r\n2 hrs.\r\n\r\nStarring: Jeff Bridges, Julianne Moore, Ben Barnes, Djimon Hounsou, Alicia Vikander and Olivia Williams\r\n\r\nDirected by: Sergei Bodrov\r\n\r\nGenre: Science Fiction and Fantasy/Medieval Melodrama/Supernatural Fable/Sorcery and Swords Saga\r\n\r\nCritic\u2019s rating: * star (out of 4 stars)"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a good, solid fantasy adventure. It is not a \u201cwow great\u201d kind of movie but definitely enjoyable to watch, at least if you are a fan of fantasy, magic, dragons and such like.\n\nThe movie is based on a book which I have not read although I believe it is considered as a young adult book. The movie seems to reflect this in that it has a fairly simple, straightforward, adventure plot. This is a movie made to entertain with magic, adventure, a bit of humor and visual effects. Nothing more and nothing less.\n\nIn my opinion it does so fairly well. I do like Jeff Bridges in his role as a rather wacky hunter of evil witches who have fallen into a dark and uncaring attitude towards the world around him. Uncaring about everything except slaying of witches that is. Ben Barnes, portraying the apprentice and Seventh Son is unfortunately making a rather bland impression. Then Julianne Moore is definitely better as the evil witch.\n\nNo movie where fantasy, magic and dragons are among the main themes can be without special effects. So, not surprisingly, there are a fair amount of them in this movie. I think they are generally well made and complements the story well without being overdone.\n\nOn the whole I liked the movie. It is a simple but solid adventure story with just the right amount of a few humorous remarks, nice visual effects, a bit of romance and action."}], "recommandations_id": [49017, 76757, 274854, 147441]}