{"tmdb_id": 68768, "title": "The Ring Cycle: Das Rheingold", "original_title": "Der Ring des Nibelungen: Das Rheingold", "slug_title": "the-ring-cycle-das-rheingold", "date": "1991-07-15", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "PRELIMINARY EVENINING OF THE RING CYCLE. Upon the banks of the ageless river Rhine, the Rhinemaidens play. Alberich, a Nibelung dwarf, tries vainly to seduce one of them. To taunt him, they reveal their secret: out of the gold they guard one can forge a Ring to rule the world, but at the cost of giving up Love forever. Alberich steals the gold, makes the ring and plans his world take-over. Meanwhile, Wotan, King of the Gods, must figure out how to finance the construction of Valhalla. He has promised his sister-in-law as payment to the giant construction workers led by Fafner, but his wife Fricka disapproves. Loge (God of Fire) tricks Alberich and brings him to Wotan, who takes the Ring. In revenge Alberich curses it: lack of the Ring will fuel desire for it and possession will only lead to misery. Wotan gives the Ring to Fafner as ransom for Fricka's sister.  Filmed at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus in June &amp; July 1991.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/59vE6PD33iJoRxtntUBb4ERL3Ar.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Barenboim (Conductor)", "John Tomlinson (Wotan)", "Bodo Brinkmann (Donner)", "Kurt Schreibmayer (Froh)", "Graham Clark (Loge)", "G\u00fcnter von Kannen (Alberich)", "Helmut Pampuch (Mime)", "Matthias H\u00f6lle (Fasolt)", "Philip Kang (Fafner)", "Linda Finnie (Fricka)", "Eva Johansson (Freia)", "Birgitta Svend\u00e9n (Erda)", "Hilde Leidland (Woglinde)", "Annette K\u00fcttenbaum (Wellgunde)", "Jane Turner (Flosshilde)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}