{"tmdb_id": 68777, "title": "The Ring Cycle: Siegfried", "original_title": "Der Ring des Nibelungen: Siegfried", "slug_title": "the-ring-cycle-siegfried", "date": "1992-07-03", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "SECOND DAY OF THE RING CYCLE. Alberich's brother Mime raises the orphan Siegfried, hoping that Siegfried will kill Fafner and enable Mime to gain the ring. Mime attempts unsuccessfully to reforge the Nothung. Fulfilling prophecy, Siegfried reforges the sword himself and kills Fafner, who has the form of a dragon. When he accidentally tastes the dragon's blood spilt on his hands, Siegfried understands the song of a woodbird, who instructs him to take the Ring from Fafner. Reading Mime's thoughts of betrayal, Siegfried kills the dwarf as well. The woodbird also informs Siegfried of a mysterious woman asleep in the midst of fire, and Siegfried sets off to find her. After defeating a disguised Wotan and breaking his spear, Siegfried successfully awakes Br\u00fcnnhilde, and the two fall in love.  Filmed at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus in June &amp; July 1992.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/y27P41ghKl6wbN3ZwGcXUbZQe2d.jpg", "actors": ["John Tomlinson (Der Wanderer / Wotan)", "Siegfried Jerusalem (Siegfried)", "Anne Evans (Br\u00fcnnhilde)", "Graham Clark (Mime)", "Birgitta Svend\u00e9n (Erda)", "G\u00fcnter von Kannen (Alberich)", "Philip Kang (Fafner)", "Hilde Leidland (Waldvogel)", "Daniel Barenboim (Conductor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}