{"tmdb_id": 68770, "title": "The Ring Cycle: Die Walkure", "original_title": "Der Ring des Nibelungen: Die Walk\u00fcre", "slug_title": "the-ring-cycle-die-walkure", "date": "1992-06-15", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "FIRST DAY OF THE RING CYCLE. Fleeing for his life, Siegmund seeks shelter at Sieglinde's house. Her husband Hunding happens to be one of Siegmund's pursuers, and the two of them must cross swords the next day. As Siegmund laments his lack of a weapon, Sieglinde directs him to the sword Nothung stuck in an ash tree. Despite discovering they are twin siblings, the two fall in love. The King of Gods Wotan, their father, sends his Valkyrie daughter Br\u00fcnnhilde to aid Siegmund. Fricka protests, and Wotan uses his spear to break Siegmund's sword during the battle. Siegmund is slain, but Br\u00fcnnhilde rescues both the sword fragments and Sieglinde who is pregnant with Siegmund's child Siegfried. Wotan is angry that she intervened, but since Br\u00fcnnhilde is his favorite child, he merely strips her of immortality and sends her into an enchanted sleep, surrounded by fire.  Filmed at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus in June &amp; July 1992.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/34gyh0jIowEbMUivBcvOwkq2xfh.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Barenboim (Conductor)", "Poul Elming (Siegmund)", "Nadine Secunde (Sieglinde)", "Matthias H\u00f6lle (Hunding)", "John Tomlinson (Wotan)", "Anne Evans (Br\u00fcnnhilde)", "Linda Finnie (Fricka)", "Eva Johansson (Gerhilde)", "Ruth Floeren (Ortlinde)", "Shirlay Close (Waltraude)", "Hitomi Katagirl (Schwertleite)", "Eva-Maria Bundschuh (Helmwige)", "Birgitta Svend\u00e9n (Grimgerde)", "Hebe Dijkstra (Rossweisse)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}