{"tmdb_id": 68781, "title": "The Ring Cycle: Gotterdammerung", "original_title": "Der Ring des Nibelungen: G\u00f6tterd\u00e4mmerung", "slug_title": "the-ring-cycle-gotterdammerung", "date": "1991-07-04", "genre": ["Musique"], "score": "10.0/10", "synopsis": "THIRD DAY OF THE RING CYCLE. G\u00fcnter, the lord of the Rhine people, gives Siegfried a love potion that causes Siegfried to forget Br\u00fcnnhilde and fall in love with G\u00fcnter's sister Gutrane. Siegfried has given Br\u00fcnnhilde the Ring as a token of their love, but her Valkyrie sister urges her to destroy it, because their father Wotan has lost his spear and power and is hiding out in Valhalla. Instead, Br\u00fcnnhilde keeps it, and under the influence of the potion, Siegfried steals it from her. Enraged, Br\u00fcnnhilde helps Alberich's son murder Siegfried, but Siegfried's memory returns, and he dies thinking of Br\u00fcnnhilde. Br\u00fcnnhilde repents and orders a funeral pyre to be built. She rides into the fire herself, and the Rhinemaidens get the ring back. The story closes with flames flickering about Valhalla in the background.  Filmed at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus in June &amp; July 1991.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/72gUM62Eqo5CXKkux7FKfUctb8q.jpg", "actors": ["Daniel Barenboim (Conductor)", "Siegfried Jerusalem (Siegfried)", "Norbert Balatsch ()", "Bodo Brinkmann (Gunther)", "Philip Kang (Hagen)", "G\u00fcnter von Kannen (Alberich)", "Anne Evans (Br\u00fcnnhilde)", "Eva-Maria Bundschuh (Gutrune)", "Waltraud Meier (Waltraude)", "Birgitta Svend\u00e9n (1. Norne)", "Linda Finnie (2. Norne)", "Uta Priew (3. Norne)", "Hilde Leidland (Woglinde)", "Annette K\u00fcttenbaum (Wellgunde)", "Jane Turner (Flosshilde)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}