{"tmdb_id": 68850, "title": "Am\u00e8re victoire", "original_title": "Bitter Victory", "slug_title": "amere-victoire", "date": "1957-08-28", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, un commandant re\u00e7oit sans la m\u00e9riter une d\u00e9coration pour avoir attaqu\u00e9 les quartiers g\u00e9n\u00e9raux de Rommel, en Afrique. Sa femme entretient une relation avec un de ses subordonn\u00e9s qui est le vrai auteur de l'attaque.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8i6gzqhFqeDyddzv68P0ZzB9Jx8.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Burton (Capt. Leith)", "Curd J\u00fcrgens (Major David Brand)", "Ruth Roman (Jane Brand)", "Christopher Lee (Sgt. Barney)", "Raymond Pellegrin (Mekrane)", "Anthony Bushell (General Paterson)", "Alfred Burke (Lt. Colonel Callander)", "Ram\u00f3n de Larrocha (Lieutenant Sanders (as Ramon De Larrocha))", "Ronan O'Casey (Sergeant Dunnigan)", "Fred Matter (Oberst Lutze)", "Raoul Delfosse (Lieutenant Kassel)", "Andrew Crawford (Private Roberts)", "Nigel Green (Private Wilkins)", "Harry Landis (Private Browning)", "Christian Melsen (Private Abbot)", "Sumner Williams (Private Anderson)", "Jo\u00e9 Davray (Private Spicer (as Joe Davray))", "Sean Kelly (Lieutenant Barton)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Deconstructing Machismo.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nBitter Victory is directed by Nicholas Ray and adapted to screenplay from the novel of the same name written by Rene Hardy. It stars Richard Burton, Curd Jurgens, Ruth Roman, Raymond Pellegrin, Christopher Lee and Nigel Green. Music is by Maurice Leroux and cinematography by Michel Kelber.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a film that has proved most divisive over the years, where some have seen fit to devote in depth studies to it, others have bitingly dismissed it as a stretch to far in pretentious posturing. Personally I found it rather dull, a dreary trudge through the World War II deserts as Burton and Jurgens butt heads because Burton\u2019s character had an affair with Jurgens\u2019 wife (Roman).\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe pace is purposely sedate, except for the battle sequence that is, so we are left to rely on the skills of the writers and actors to carry us through to film\u2019s end. Burton is good value, he almost always was when he got to brood and pontificate, while Green is his usual irrepressible self. Jurgens, however, is miscast and very uncomfortable with the moody machinations of his character. While the editing is at times awful and a couple of scenes don\u2019t really make sense.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nUndeniably there is some potency bubbling away in the writing, the deconstruction of machismo and military cynicism angles carry thematic weight, but the film is structured in such a cocksure way it just comes off as being preachy instead of taking full advantage of the emotional core of the characters as written by Hardy. Just because I don\u2019t like the film doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s bad, as previously stated, many find it fascinating and powerful, but it\u2019s not for me and I feel it\u2019s one of the great Nicholas Ray\u2019s lesser works. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42143, 37216, 47026, 87349], "youtube_key": "notfound"}