{"tmdb_id": 69434, "title": "Vathiyar", "original_title": "Vathiyar", "slug_title": "vathiyar", "date": "2006-10-15", "genre": ["Drame / Action"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Dorai (Arjun) is a do-gooder don. But a police force led by ACP Easwara Pandian (Prakash Raj) and his sidekick (Sathyan) are after him. However, the poor need him as he is a Good Samaritan running an orphanage. He has help from his friends (Manivannan and Vadivelu). But Dorai has a problem. His mother (Sujatha) doesn\u2019t approve of his ways. She feels that he is just a loutish goon. There is also Anjali (Mallika Kapoor), a TV journo, who is in love with Dorai because of his dare devil ways. Dorai has a past too. He was just an honest-to-goodness school teacher, who ends up as the deathly Dorai after a fire ravages a school and kills several children. The incident forces him to take on the system of venal officials and politics. Now, Dorai\u2019s biggest task is to nip a dark and dire politician who wants to bomb the city. The rest, as they, is all cinematic clich\u00e9s.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pPSesx4EWVakoj9CGvhjbnSQk7o.jpg", "actors": ["Arjun Sarja (Annadurai)", "Prakash Raj (Easwara Pandian)", "Mallika Kapoor (Anjali)", "Vadivelu (Ayyanar)", "Vadivelu ()", "Manivannan ()", "Sujatha ()", "Devan ()", "Thalaivasal Vijay ()", "Singamuthu (Ayyanar's father's friend)", "Manobala (Ayyanar's father)", "Venniradai Moorthy ()", "Mahanadhi Sankar ()", "Shakeela (Cameo appearance)", "Antara Biswas (Special appearance)", "Suja Varunee (Special appearance)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}