{"tmdb_id": 69439, "title": "Arasatchi", "original_title": "Arasatchi", "slug_title": "arasatchi", "date": "2004-09-22", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Siddharth lives a middle-classed lifestyle in India along with his dad, retired Justice Shravan Mathur, mom, Laxmi, and sister, Shweta. His dad has been assigned the task to investigate the collapse of a school-building which killed 20 children. The building contractor attempts to bribe Shravan to no avail. When he molests Shweta, Siddharth beats him up, gets arrested, is tried in Court, and sentenced to jail. In jail he is told that his father and mother have been killed by thieves abroad a train headed to Mumbai, and Shweta is missing. After his discharge he attempts in vain to locate Shweta. He takes up employment with a five star hotel, romances the owner's daughter, and decides to kill defense lawyers. He successfully kills advocates Brahmanandan, Jankiram, and scares off Karuna Sagar who was ready to represent a male who had sexually molested a woman named Gayetri. While the accused has no one to represent him in Court", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pgtO7tL8T75cfRnOghKZ0V7lahl.jpg", "actors": ["Arjun Sarja (Siddharth)", "Lara Dutta (lara)", "Raghuvaran (Advocate Ashok Mehta)", "Vivek (Prakash)", "Riya Sen ()", "Karan ()", "Nassar ()", "Manivannan ()", "Delhi Ganesh ()", "Anandaraj ()", "P. Vasu ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}