{"tmdb_id": 6947, "title": "Le village", "original_title": "The Village", "slug_title": "le-village", "date": "2004-07-30", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Une petite communaut\u00e9 isol\u00e9e vit dans la terrifiante certitude qu'une race de cr\u00e9atures mythiques peuple les bois entourant le village. Cette force mal\u00e9fique est si mena\u00e7ante que personne n'ose s'aventurer au-del\u00e0 des derni\u00e8res maisons, et encore moins p\u00e9n\u00e9trer dans les bois... Le jeune Lucius Hunt, un gar\u00e7on ent\u00eat\u00e9, est cependant bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 aller voir ce qui se cache par-del\u00e0 des limites du village, et son audace menace de changer \u00e0 jamais l'avenir de tous...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5cMQwceeWWCh5nLROqpowtmFm0o.jpg", "actors": ["Bryce Dallas Howard (Ivy Walker)", "Joaquin Phoenix (Lucius Hunt)", "Adrien Brody (Noah Percy)", "William Hurt (Edward Walker)", "Sigourney Weaver (Alice Hunt)", "Brendan Gleeson (August Nicholson)", "Cherry Jones (Mrs. Clack)", "Celia Weston (Vivian Percy)", "John Christopher Jones (Robert Percy)", "Frank Collison (Victor)", "Jayne Atkinson (Tabitha Walker)", "Judy Greer (Kitty Walker)", "Fran Kranz (Christop Crane)", "Jesse Eisenberg (Jamison)", "Michael Pitt (Finton Coin)", "M. Night Shyamalan (Guard at Desk)", "Charlie McDermott (10-Year-Old-Boy)", "Liz Stauber (Beatrice)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A lovely shot tale that has resonance in the modern age.\r\n\r\nThis user comment is my own personal feelings, it is not a review that I make in the hope of turning anyone's opinion to that of my own, no mater what anyone says or does, my feelings for the film will never change.\r\n\r\nI see a smartly crafted movie about fear and hope, a community living in fear of the outside world, I see involving characters to follow with interest, I see a gorgeous setting that intrigues and engages me.\r\n\r\nManoj Night Shyamalan's fourth mainstream picture is now, as we can all agree, a victim of a terrible marketing campaign, wasn't it? For there are horror elements in the film, of which I don't wish to spoiler write about, the horror elements are there, they just aren't the boo jump scary monster variety that many had hoped for. The ending to the film disappoints many it would seem, but it doesn't to me because it is here that the film has most resonance and the point is well and truly made. It's acted out with style from the majority of the cast, and Shyamalan directs with a steady caring approach. It's not without flaws for sure, but this is a very tidy piece that's saying quite a bit if the viewer is so inclined to jump on board. All told, it's a very solid and thought provoking piece that's made with much film making care. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2675, 9697, 8645, 2637]}