{"tmdb_id": 6948, "title": "The Woods", "original_title": "The Woods", "slug_title": "the-woods", "date": "2006-09-25", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Heather, une adolescente n\u00e9glig\u00e9e par ses parents, est envoy\u00e9e dans un pensionnat retir\u00e9 au fond des bois. Encadr\u00e9e par la sinistre Mrs Traverse et son \u00e9quipe, Heather devient la t\u00eate de turc de ses camarades, et ne r\u00eave que d'une chose : retourner chez elle. Mais lorsque des \u00e9tudiants disparaissent, elle commence \u00e0 avoir d'horribles visions. Heather r\u00e9alise alors que les apparences sont trompeuses et qu'il y a quelque chose d'\u00e9trange tapie dans les bois.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ubLfJK3E4ZIdsGU8oFOJJ4aeu7s.jpg", "actors": ["Agnes Bruckner (Heather Fasulo)", "Patricia Clarkson (Mrs. Traverse)", "Rachel Nichols (Samantha Wise)", "Lauren Birkell (Marcy Turner)", "Emma Campbell (Alice Fasulo)", "Marcia Bennett (Mrs. Mackinaw)", "Gordon Currie (Sheriff)", "Bruce Campbell (Joe Fasulo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Good plot and haunting ambiance, but mediocre story and weak characters\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2006 and directed by Lucky McKee, \"The Woods\" chronicles events in 1965 New England when a troubled teen (Agnes Bruckner) is dropped off at a spooky remote boarding school for girls by her estranged parents (Bruce Campbell & Emma Campbell). Weird, witchy things ensue. Patricia Clarkson plays the dean while Lauren Birkell and Rachel Nichols play fellow students, one nice and the other mean.   \r\n\r\nThis is a mystery/horror flick that combines \u201cSuspiria\u201d (1977) with elements of \u201cCarrie\u201d (1976) and \u201cThe Ruins\u201d (2008) or \u201cMan-Thing\u201d (2005) (yes, I realize \u201cThe Ruins\u201d came out later; I\u2019m just trying to give people an idea of what the movie\u2019s like). The haunting atmosphere and the Montreal location are very good, as well as the unsettling creepiness. \r\n\r\nSo the plot is a winner, the film looks good and there\u2019s an effective darkness, if that\u2019s your thang. Unfortunately, the story is underwhelming. It\u2019s too ambiguous and feels incomplete, like a half hour of events were cut from the runtime. The hints of levitation and telekinetic abilities don't amount to much, nor do the leaves on a bed.\r\n\r\nThe characters are either underdeveloped or unlikable, except for maybe the protagonist (Bruckner). All we know about Heather is that she recently set fire to something and there\u2019s enmity between her and her self-absorbed mother. The father is a pushover. We don't learn much about them or anyone else at the academy. Marcy provokes pity while Samantha is too over-the-top as the villain. You\u2019re more curious about WHY she\u2019s so mean than anything else. With all the young females available, the filmmakers drop the ball by not taking advantage of these resources (and I\u2019m not tawkin\u2019 bout nudity or sleaze).   \r\n\r\nThe emotionless deliveries of the all-female faculty don\u2019t help, but I realize they were written that way to create a sense of oddness and it works. The witchcraft elements are decidedly subdued, which I liked; the focus is on the formidableness of the forest itself (hence the title). Speaking of which, the woods F/X in the last act are well done. \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 31 minutes and was shot at McGill University, Montr\u00e9al, Qu\u00e9bec. WRITER: David Ross. \r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [26587, 8875, 10894, 10085], "youtube_key": "G1MKoAr3CjE"}