{"tmdb_id": 694, "title": "Shining", "original_title": "The Shining", "slug_title": "shining", "date": "1980-05-22", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "8.2/10", "synopsis": "Jack Torrance, gardien d'un h\u00f4tel ferm\u00e9 l'hiver, sa femme et son fils Danny s'appr\u00eatent \u00e0 vivre de longs mois de solitude. Danny, qui poss\u00e8de un don de m\u00e9dium, le \"Shining\", est effray\u00e9 \u00e0 l'id\u00e9e d'habiter ce lieu, th\u00e9\u00e2tre marqu\u00e9 par de terribles \u00e9v\u00e8nements pass\u00e9s...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9fgh3Ns1iRzlQNYuJyK0ARQZU7w.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Nicholson (Jack Torrance)", "Shelley Duvall (Wendy Torrance)", "Danny Lloyd (Danny Torrance)", "Scatman Crothers (Dick Hallorann)", "Barry Nelson (Stuart Ullman)", "Philip Stone (Delbert Grady)", "Joe Turkel (Lloyd the Bartender)", "Anne Jackson (Doctor)", "Tony Burton (Larry Durkin)", "Barry Dennen (Bill Watson)", "Lia Beldam (Young Woman in Bath)", "Billie Gibson (Old Woman in Bath)", "David Baxt (Forest Ranger 1)", "Manning Redwood (Forest Ranger 2)", "Lisa Burns (Grady Daughter)", "Louise Burns (Grady Daughter)", "Robin Pappas (Nurse)", "Alison Coleridge (Secretary)", "Burnell Tucker (Policeman)", "Jana Shelden (Stewardess)", "Kate Phelps (Receptionist)", "Norman Gay (Injured Guest)", "Paul Desbois (Hotel Porter (uncredited))", "Vivian Kubrick (Smoking Guest on Ballroom Couch (uncredited))", "Derek Lyons (Hotel Bellhop (uncredited))", "Aileen Lewis (Woman in Hotel Lobby (uncredited))", "Chris Parsons (Dinner Guest (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A masterpiece. Kubrick chose a perfect cast and uses the timing and music to create a greatly opressing atmosphere.\r\n\r\nNicholson is superb, but Duval and the kid are not less good."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This rum is red, man!\r\n\r\nIn spite of author Stephen King not being happy with Stanley Kubrick's adaptation of his novel, The Shining (1980) has proved to be a critical and commercial darling.\r\n\r\nIt may not be in the spirit that King wanted, but it's undeniably a skillful piece of film making, a mixture of beauty and terror, of bravura techniques and simple but effective scares. With quality acting performances to match as well. The story unfolds at a deliberately slow pace, claustrophobia oozes from practically every frame, while the narrative smarts brings to bear the ghosts of the human and supernatural kind, all bone chillingly rendered for great effect by the vast spaces - the cold winter grounds outside - of the Overlook Hotel.\r\n\r\nIt's not all perfect, the screenplay is very average, which makes Kubrick's work even more impressive, but with that comes the wave of feeling about style over substance. A churlish gripe? Maybe? But with Jack Nicholson on scenery chewing overdrive and Kubrick pulling the strings, The Shining still represents a highlight in horror. A horror movie that all horror fans should see at least once - and in the best format available as well! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [185, 600, 539, 103], "youtube_key": "ANKdpe4J2h0"}