{"tmdb_id": 6950, "title": "Alerte !", "original_title": "Outbreak", "slug_title": "alerte", "date": "1995-03-10", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la suite de plusieurs n\u00e9gligences et de mauvaises volont\u00e9, les habitants d'une petite ville am\u00e9ricaine sont victimes d'un virus, venu d'Afrique, particuli\u00e8rement d\u00e9vastateur. Pour enrayer l'\u00e9pid\u00e9mie, un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral sans scrupule d\u00e9cide, avec l'accord du Pr\u00e9sident des \u00c9tats-Unis, de rayer de la carte la bourgade en larguant une bombe incendiaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4KymNvlWR0XF0sqX2BWRd9Z3yXR.jpg", "actors": ["Dustin Hoffman (Sam Daniels)", "Rene Russo (Robby Keough)", "Morgan Freeman (Billy Ford)", "Kevin Spacey (Casey Schuler)", "Cuba Gooding Jr. (Salt)", "Donald Sutherland (Donald McClintock)", "Patrick Dempsey (Jimbo Scott)", "Benito Martinez (Dr. Julio Ruiz)", "Malick Bowens (Dr. Raswani)", "Zakes Mokae (Dr. Benjamin Iwabi)", "Bruce Jarchow (Dr. Mascelli)", "Dale Dye (Lt. Col. Briggs)", "Conrad Bachmann (California Governor)", "Susan Lee Hoffman (Dr. Lisa Aronson)", "Ralph Miller (Officer#1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Scarier than any horror flick \u2014 and ultra-suspenseful***  \r\n\r\nAfter a deadly incurable African virus is brought to a Northern California coastal town via a monkey the military moves in to quarantine the village. While Dustin Hoffman seeks to find an antidote, the two generals in charge of the quarantine (Morgan Freeman & Donald Sutherland) strangely decide to annihilate the town. Can Hoffman find a cure in time? And, even if he does, can he stop the firebombing?\r\n\r\nWolfgang Petersen's \"Outbreak\" (1995) is an outstanding drama/thriller, which I suppose you could designate as a disaster flick. Although viruses are so small they're invisible, they have the potential to be the biggest monsters of all. Certain deadly viruses, if let loose, can wipe out an entire town in a couple days. This is the scenario in \"Outbreak.\" It COULD happen and is therefore realistic, which naturally makes the story more horrifying than most horror flicks or monster movies.\r\n\r\nBut \"Outbreak\" is more than just a scary what-if story, the second half involves a military cover-up and is edge-of-your-seat suspenseful, all the way to the final minutes. It's like an avalanche that slowly builds momentum.\r\n\r\nCuba Gooding Jr. is also on hand in a significant role as Hoffman's partner in the race-against-time. And, for those who care, there's a romantic subplot about Hoffman\u2019s character and his ex-wife, played by Rene Russo. Will they get back together?\r\n\r\nThe locations are magnificent, filmed in the coastal towns Eureka, Arcata and Ferndale, California, all in the extreme Northern part of the state, just south of the Redwoods and West of Bigfoot territory (i.e. Willow Creek). The African sequences were shot in Hawaii.\r\n\r\nBOTTOM LINE: This is top-of-the-line cinema \u2014 equal parts scary, dramatic and suspenseful.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 7 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [3595, 10153, 9208, 9869], "youtube_key": "AgZ5goJibn0"}