{"tmdb_id": 69698, "title": "Ellery Queen, Master Detective", "original_title": "Ellery Queen, Master Detective", "slug_title": "ellery-queen-master-detective", "date": "1940-11-30", "genre": ["Aventure / Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "The mysteriously ill John Braun makes a new will, leaving out his daughter Barbara, over the protests of his wife. The trouble began when the daughter wanted to marry Mr. Braun's doctor, James Rogers. Mrs. Braun asks Inspector Queen to help find the long-missing Barbara. The inspector's son, Ellery, works on the case. He goes to a home frequently visited by Dr. Rogers where the bell is answered by Nikki Porter who Ellery mistakes for Barbara and insists she return to the Braun home. Nikki does, to protect Barbara, and a short time later finds herself alone in a room outside Braun's bedroom. She finds him dead - his throat cut. No weapons are found and the door to the room where Nikki had been is locked, and she is suspected. Ellery hides Nikki in his apartment. Braun's body, sent for an autopsy, disappears and in its place is a life-sized statue of the dead man.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ziXejOuN2pmuj1Hx6ARuIRk8cVI.jpg", "actors": ["Ralph Bellamy (Ellery Queen)", "Margaret Lindsay (Nikki Porter)", "Charley Grapewin (Insp. Queen)", "James Burke (Sgt. Velle)", "Michael Whalen (Dr. James Rogers)", "Marsha Hunt (Barbara Braun)", "Fred Niblo (John Braun)", "Charles Lane (Dr. Prouty)", "Ann Shoemaker (Lydia Braun)", "Marion Martin (Cornelia)", "Douglas Fowley (Rocky Taylor)", "Morgan Wallace (Zachary)", "Byron Foulger (Amos)", "Katherine DeMille (Valerie Norris)", "Jimmy the Crow (Raven)", "Peter Bronte (Doctor's Assistant)", "Jack Cheatham (Desk Sergeant)", "Alan Ladd (Elevator Passenger)", "Arthur Millett (Elevator Guard)", "Frank O'Connor (Ambulance Driver)", "Lee Phelps (Flynn)", "Jack Rice (Rogers' Assistant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}