{"tmdb_id": 6973, "title": "Dans la vall\u00e9e d'Elah", "original_title": "In the Valley of Elah", "slug_title": "dans-la-vallee-d-elah", "date": "2007-08-31", "genre": "Histoire / Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "De retour d'Irak pour sa premi\u00e8re permission, Mike Deerfield dispara\u00eet myst\u00e9rieusement et est signal\u00e9 comme d\u00e9serteur. Son p\u00e8re, Hank - un ancien membre de la Police Militaire - et sa m\u00e8re Joan se lancent \u00e0 sa recherche avec le concours d'Emily Sanders, officier de police de la juridiction du Nouveau-Mexique o\u00f9 Mike a \u00e9t\u00e9 aper\u00e7u pour la derni\u00e8re fois. Face au silence et \u00e0 l'hostilit\u00e9 croissante des autorit\u00e9s militaires, Hank et Emily soup\u00e7onnent bient\u00f4t un coup fourr\u00e9. Les indices troublants s'accumulent, et la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur le s\u00e9jour en Irak de Deerfield finit par \u00e9clater, bouleversant \u00e0 jamais la vie de Hank et ses croyances...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cGCJcxf71CD4SzJO2F9Ga1ZUSWm.jpg", "actors": ["Tommy Lee Jones (Hank Deerfield)", "Charlize Theron (Detective Emily Sanders)", "Susan Sarandon (Joan Deerfield)", "Frances Fisher (Evie)", "James Franco (Sergeant Carnelli)", "Jonathan Tucker (Mike Deerfield)", "Jason Patric (Lieutenant Kirklander)", "Josh Brolin (Chief Buchwald)", "Wes Chatham (Corporal Penning)", "Jake McLaughlin (Specialist Gordon Bonner)", "Mehcad Brooks (Specialist Ennis Long)", "Wayne Duvall (Detective Nugent)", "Brent Briscoe (Detective Hodge)", "Barry Corbin (Arnold Bickman)", "Greg Serano (Detective Manny Nunez)", "Zoe Kazan (Angie)", "Brent Sexton (Lt. Burke)", "Devin Brochu (David Sanders)", "Glenn Taranto (Detective Wayne)", "Roman Arabia (Private Robert Ortiez)", "Jennifer Siebel Newsom (Jodie)", "Joseph Bertot (School Janitor)", "Rick Gonzalez (Phone Technician)", "Loren Haynes (Police Photographer)", "Babak Tafti (Iraqi Prisoner)", "Sean Huze (Captain Jim Osher)", "Kathy Lamkin (Chicken Shack Manager)", "David Doty (Truck Parts Salesman)", "Pab Schwendimann (Pussy's Bouncer)", "Josh Meyer (Joseph R. Millard)", "Arron Shiver (Cop)", "Jo Harvey Allen (Jo Anne)", "Chris Browning (Checker Box Bartender)", "David House (Morgue Officer)", "Matthew Page (Guard)", "Pierre Barrera (TD's Bartender)", "Mike Hatfield (Jo Anne's Husband)", "Arlin Alcala (Neighbor (uncredited))", "James Blackburn (Cowboy (uncredited))", "Esodie Geiger (Military Nurse (uncredited))", "Daniel Knight (Detective (uncredited))", "Brandon Weaver (Morgue Tech (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "A soldier disappears after he has come back from Iraq. His father, Hank Deerfield (Tommy Lee Jones), is alerted and sets off in the hopes of finding his son. He soon finds out that his son was actually killed, brutally you might say, his body cut up and burned. The evidence lead in no real directions, but it soon becomes apparent that his army bodies are lying, also, the images that Hank recovers from his son's phone, seem to suggest that something happened in Iraq.\r\n\r\nTo say anything more would be to ruin the movie. However, this movie is not just a crime story, where we follow the father and cop (Charlize Theron) as they get to the bottom of the mystery. This is a story about war, the people in it and at hoome, as well as bravery and sorrow. It is told carefully, and with skillfully precision by the entire cast, and Paul Haggis.\r\n\r\nBy the end, we don't even really care about the murder being solved, just that the father finally made peace with his son. He understands better than anyone what war does to a man, you can see that clearly in his eyes  throughout the movie.\r\n\r\nOnly one thing bothered me about this movie, and it is actually something that bothers me quite often. Music. I don't mind music in movies, I don't even mind music that enhances a certain emotion, sorrow, happiness etc. No, what bothers me is that moviemakers feel that they need music so badly, when really, they don't. More often than not, the images and actors speak the words clearly, we don't need the sad tones to emphasize what we are already feeling. It's not that bad in this movie, but I did notice it a few times, where it bothered me.\r\n\r\n_Last words... don't watch this movie and feel like you need to \"figure it out\". It's not about that at all, just allow yourself to be swept away be the amazing cast and let the story onfold itself in front of you. This is not a story about a crime, but a story about a father... and a son._"}], "recommandations_id": [4566, 4413, 4959, 4169]}