{"tmdb_id": 69738, "title": "AAA - The Movie", "original_title": "AAA: la pel\u00edcula \u2013 sin l\u00edmite en el tiempo", "slug_title": "aaa-the-movie", "date": "2010-02-16", "genre": ["Animation / Action"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "On the night that Parka pried the championship from Abismo Negro's hands, the master of darkness' long lasting resentments resurge, thus threatening AAA's stability. With the help of Chesman, Charly Manson, and Cybern\u00e9tico, Abismo plots his revenge. Not even Octag\u00f3n, AAA's spiritual leader, can stop the evil turn of events. When Kenzo Suzuki and Yonatan, Parka's younger brother, are kidnapped, it's quite clear the war has begun. Parka, helped by Gronda, Mascarita, Faby Apache, and Octag\u00f3n, will fight to their very last breath to overcome the obstacles. The sudden appearance of a long lost evil, Triple A's ancestral enemy, rises the odds even more. An abandoned insane asylum, murderous cyborgs, gigantic dragonflies, ancient armies, and time travel are just the beginning of the adventure. The most spectacular lucha libre match ever is about to begin...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7ULPyGeAnlNet2PlKWFacAhgFYg.jpg", "actors": ["Andr\u00e9s Gutierrez (Parka (voice))", "Sergio Coto (Abismo Negro (voice))", "C\u00e9sar Arias (Dr. Transistor (voice))", "Bruno Coronel (Y\u00f3natan (voice))", "Rolando de Castro (Octag\u00f3n (voice))", "Alejandro May\u00e9n (Triple Drag\u00f3n (voice))", "Jes\u00fas Guzm\u00e1n (Kenzo (voice))", "Luis Alfonso Mendoza (Robotito (voice) / Brazo (voice))", "Eduardo Garza (Mascarita Sagrada (voice))", "Anette Ugalde (Faby Apache (voice) / Socorrito (voice))", "Salvador Reyes (Gronda (voice))", "Cinthya de Pando (Elvira (voice))", "Jorge Badillo (Charly Manson (voice))", "Manuel Campuzano (Chessman (voice) / Latin Lover (voice))", "Igor Cruz (Elegido (voice))", "Carlos del Campo (Casero (voice) / Centuri\u00f3n (voice))", "Marina Huerta (Mam\u00e1 de Abismo (voice) / Ni\u00f1o (voice))", "Alberto Rodr\u00edguez (Locutor 70's (voice) / Hombre misterioso (voice))", "Victor Vallejo (Locutor (voice))", "Arturo Rivera (Arturo Rivera (voice))", "Alfonso Morales (Dr. Alfonso Morales (voice))", "Octavio L\u00f3pez Arreola (Cibern\u00e9tico (voice))", "Jes\u00fas Crist\u00f3bal Mart\u00ednez Rodriguez (El Zorro (voice))", "Carlos Santiago Espada Moises (Konnan (voice))", "Gilbert Cosme (El Mes\u00edas (voice))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "NfKA84-hmsE"}