{"tmdb_id": 6974, "title": "La Plan\u00e8te rouge en col\u00e8re", "original_title": "The Angry Red Planet", "slug_title": "la-planete-rouge-en-colere", "date": "1959-11-23", "genre": ["Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Une fus\u00e9e d\u00e9colle avec un \u00e9quipage audacieux de quatre astronautes, O'Banion, Iris Ryan, Le Professeur Gettell et le Sergent Sammy Jacobs. Ils sont les premiers hommes dans la course scientifique entre les nations \u00e0 tenter de se poser sur Mars, voyagent \u00e0 des millions de kms dans l'espace pour une plan\u00e8te encore inconnue. Mais l'\u00e9quipe de contr\u00f4le sur Terre ne re\u00e7oit plus aucune r\u00e9ponse \u00e0 leurs messages...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3THBRVh3n06MRppffrhyYYQPctr.jpg", "actors": ["Gerald Mohr (Col. Thomas O`Bannion)", "Naura Hayden (Dr. Iris Ryan)", "Les Tremayne (Prof. Theodore Gettell)", "Jack Kruschen (CWO Sam Jacobs)", "Paul Hahn (Maj. Gen. George Treeger)", "J. Edward McKinley (Prof. Paul Weiner)", "Tom Daly (Dr. Frank Gordon)", "Don Lamond (TV Newscaster / Narrator / Martian (voice))", "Edward Innes (Brig. Gen. Alan Prescott)", "Gordon Barnes (Maj. Lyman Ross)", "Jack Haddock (Lt. Col. Davis)", "Brandy Bryan (Nurse Hayes)", "Joan Fitzpatrick (Nurse Dixon)", "Duke Norton (Dr. Muller)", "William Remick (Dr. Hawley)", "Fred Ross (Air Force News Photographer)", "David De Haven (Air Force News Photographer)", "Arline Hunter (Joan)", "Alean 'Bambi' Hamilton (Joan's Friend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Is Mars Rocket Crew Alive?\r\n\r\nSo screams the newspaper headline when it is found that the Mars expedition rocket is on its way back to Earth. When only two of the four original crew are found on board, one with a horrible fungus growth attached to him, the scientists and doctors desperately try to get to the bottom of what happened on the mission.\r\n\r\nIt's a raging \"B\" schlocker, but a fun one. Filmed in \"CineMagic\" in New Eastman Color 5250 no less! It essentially pits the crew, three men and one woman, in a situation where they land on Mars, gel in various ways, then start going out onto the Red Planet itself to gather information etc.\r\n\r\nThe art designers bathe everything in red, using a whole ream of interesting paintings to project an alien planet, and then the fun really starts. The creatures arrive, including one legendary rat/spider hybrid that is an absolute riot. Suspense exists, even though the acting is distinctly average, and et voil\u00e0! Story has unfolded and the big message ends the pic.\r\n\r\nNutty sci-fi movie for sure, but the makers kinda get away with the cheapness of it all, and that is something that not all \"B\" schlockers can say is that! 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [58997, 30307, 84719, 53949], "youtube_key": "sKTUFg-QLRk"}