{"tmdb_id": 69789, "title": "Ringo: The Lone Rider", "original_title": "Dos hombres van a morir", "slug_title": "ringo-the-lone-rider", "date": "1968-02-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "A town is being terrorized by a gang of marauders led by Bill Anderson, a clever bandit boss. The town's leadership is deciding to do something against the problem, but it does not believe bringing in the military will be a solution. It is agreed upon that they will request help from the well-known Pinkerton agency. At the same time, Ringo, a gunslinger, is chasing after the bandits. He suspects a deeper-sitting conspiracy than random bandit assaults. He joins forces with the newly arrived under cover Pinkerton agent, to uncover a plot between a local businessman, the Mexican revolution and bandit's heist loot of gold. But the bandits have long planned to move on. Disguised as Mormons, they are moving west to start a new life of farming during the day and robbing stage coaches at night. Ringo and the agent track them down....", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jwYPJwYwPdwoh1qiHmOTF4bh5Tn.jpg", "actors": ["Pietro Martellanza (Ringo)", "Piero Lulli (Dan Samuelson)", "Armando Calvo (Bill Anderson)", "Paolo Herzl (Michael aka 'Kid')", "Jos\u00e9 Jaspe (Zachary)", "Jes\u00fas Puente (Mayor Gorbet)", "Antonio Pica (Sheriff)", "Jes\u00fas Tordesillas (Jefe morm\u00f3n)", "Frank Bra\u00f1a (Juez)", "Guillermo M\u00e9ndez (Guillermo Mendez)", "Juan Antonio Peral (Antonio Peral)", "Joaqu\u00edn Burgos (Joaqu\u00edn Burgos)", "Jos\u00e9 Sep\u00falveda (Jose Sepulveda)", "Dyanik Zurakowska (Lucy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "4t5rKE0g1XQ"}