{"tmdb_id": 6978, "title": "Les Aventures de Jack Burton dans les griffes du Mandarin", "original_title": "Big Trouble in Little China", "slug_title": "les-aventures-de-jack-burton-dans-les-griffes-du-mandarin", "date": "1986-05-30", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Les aventures du baroudeur Jack Burton \u00e0 Chinatown, o\u00f9 r\u00e8gne le terrible sorcier Lo Pan. Celui-ci pense pouvoir retrouver son enveloppe charnelle gr\u00e2ce aux beaux yeux verts de Miao Yin, d\u00e9licieuse Chinoise fianc\u00e9e \u00e0 un ami de Jack...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yorjHTeWauQd81QeWoqMAHXAcCj.jpg", "actors": ["Kurt Russell (Jack Burton)", "Kim Cattrall (Gracie Law)", "Dennis Dun (Wang Chi)", "James Hong (Lo Pan)", "Victor Wong (Egg Shen)", "Kate Burton (Margo)", "Donald Li (Eddie Lee)", "Carter Wong (Thunder)", "Peter Kwong (Rain)", "James Pax (Lightning)", "Suzee Pai (Miao Yin)", "Chao Li Chi (Uncle Chu)", "Jeff Imada (Needles)", "Rummel Mor (Joe Lucky)", "Craig Ng (One Ear)", "June Kyoto Lu (White Tiger)", "Noel Toy (Mrs. O'Toole)", "Jade Go (Chinese Girl in White Tiger)", "Jerry Hardin (Pinstripe Lawyer)", "James Lew (Chang Sing #1)", "Jim Lau (Chang Sing #2)", "Kenny Endoso (Chang Sing #3)", "Stuart Quan (Chang Sing #4)", "Gary Toy (Chang Sing #5)", "George Cheung (Chang Sing #6)", "Jimmy Jue (Wounded Chang Sing)", "Noble Craig (Sewer Monster)", "Danny Kwan (Chinese Guard)", "Min Luong (Tara)", "Paul Lee (Chinese Gambler)", "Al Leong (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Gerald Okamura (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Willie Wong (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Eric Lee (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Yukio G. Collins (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Bill M. Ryusaki (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Brian Imada (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Nathan Jung (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Dan Inosanto (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Vernon Rieta (Wing Kong Hatchet Man)", "Daniel Wong (Wing Kong Security Guard)", "Daniel Eric Lee (Wing Kong Security Guard)", "Lia Chang (Female Wing Kong Guard)", "Diana Tanaka (Female Wing Kong Guard)", "Donna L. Noguschi (Female Wing Kong Guard)", "Shinko Isobe (Female Wing Kong Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I think this movie was marketed as an adventure movie when it came out. I can imagine that some people were disappointed if they were indeed expecting a real adventure movie. I remember being one of those people when I first saw this movie.\r\n\r\nHowever, if you approach it seeing what it is, that is a comedy or at least an action-comedy, then it is actually a quite enjoyable movie. The entire movie is utterly ridiculous. The screaming, posturing Asian martial art champion parodies especially so.\r\n\r\nEverything in this movie makes you laugh as long as you do not try to take the movie seriously. The action scenes are often absolutely hilarious. They are also quite well done and choreographed actually. The special effects are of course utterly outdated but they are good enough for this movie.\r\n\r\nThere is a story as well but it doesn\u2019t really matter much. It is just there to tie the funny scenes together, especially the action scenes. Acting? Well, let\u2019s just say that it matches the comic nature of the movie.\r\n\r\nI actually just picked this movie as a trial experience in using Netflix (which finally came to France last Monday) on my PS3 for the first time and I did not want to start something were I would be pissed off if it turned out that it stopped working halfway through. I have to say that I had much more fun watching this movie this time than the first time I was watching it\u2026and Netflix worked perfectly on my PS3."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "_Big Trouble in Little China_ is not the movie it is marketed to be. But it is good. You wait the ten minutes it takes for the absurdity to kick in and then you ride the ridiculous ride until the closing credits.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ol' Jack always says... what the hell?\r\n\r\nOut of 20th Century Fox, Big Trouble in Little China is directed by John Carpenter and stars Kurt Russell, Kim Catrall, Dennis Dun, James Hong & Victor Wong. The adaptation is by W.D. Richter with the screenplay from Gary Goldman & David Z. Weinstein. Dean Cundey photographs and Alan Howarth doubles up with Carpenter for the musical score.\r\n\r\nTruck driver Jack Burton (Russell) agrees to take his friend Wang Chi (Dun) to pick up his fianc\u00e9e at the airport. Little does he know that he is about to get involved in a supernatural battle between good and evil beneath San Francisco's Chinatown district.\r\n\r\nA box office failure upon its release, and known to be the moment when John Carpenter gave up on Hollywood, Big Trouble in Little China has gathered \"cult\" momentum over the years and shows up rather well these days. Blending Chinese mysticism with chop-schlocky adventure, Carpenter's movie is at once daft but also a ball of energetic fun - propelled by a handsome, but inept action hero. Carpenter had always wanted to tackle a martial arts movie, and here he gets to do it whilst laying on the comedy and playing with effects work as his movie mostly comes alive in a magical underworld of monsters, magicians and sexy green eyed women.\r\n\r\nIt's evident now that the film was ahead of its time, not from a technical viewpoint, but from the point it tried to Americanise chopsocky. This is some time before Chinese style wire-work and mythology became common to Hollywood, one has to believe that Tarantino was nodding approvingly around about this time. It's also worth noting that although this \"American\" movie has an American beefcake as its main protagonist, it's the Asian Americans who actually are the heroes of the piece, with Dun's sidekick the stand out hero as Russell's Burton bumbles his way from one sequence to the next. It was a bold move by Carpenter to structure the narrative this way, something that annoyed the executives at Fox and kept the paying public bemused. It's easy to see why the film failed, contrast it with the similarly themed Eddie Murphy movie, The Golden Child, from the same year, which was a box office success. There the public got what they wanted (or what they were used too), the standard American hero fluff where Murphy saves the day and gets the girl. \r\n\r\nCarpenter dared to be different and clearly had a lot of fun along the way, as evidently did his cast. It may have taken a decade of VHS and DVD releases to prove he was right, but right he was, Big Trouble in Little China is a damn fine popcorn movie. Russell plays it meat head style, with swagger in tow and tongue stuck in cheek, nicely toned physique for the girls to enjoy, and making vest wearing cool two years before Willis did in Die Hard. Cattrall is wonderfully alluring, red lips and green eyes shimmering bright in a world of colour; and boys do look out for her wet scene, it's wolf whistle time! Dun is likable and athletic, while Hong as Lo Pan gives the action/adventure genre a truly memorable villain. The film is briskly paced and not found wanting in the set piece department either. Not all the effects are high grade stuff, but in a film with such zestful comic book traditions at heart, it hardly matters one jot. With a great home format package doing it justice, Carpenter's movie is now, at long last, getting the appreciative audience it fully deserves. Amen to that. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1103, 10061, 8337, 865], "youtube_key": "MlsPOAFDZ_U"}