{"tmdb_id": 69847, "title": "Le porte-avions X", "original_title": "Wing and a Prayer", "slug_title": "le-porte-avions-x", "date": "1944-01-01", "genre": ["Guerre / Action / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un porte-avions am\u00e9ricain sillonne l'Oc\u00e9an Pacifique Sud afin d'induire en erreur les forces japonaises et d'attirer l'ennemi loin des \u00eeles Midway...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/42s5Ab3hOXEScBQ5TgL7Vmy132D.jpg", "actors": ["Don Ameche (Flight Cmdr. Bingo Harper)", "Dana Andrews (Lt. Cmdr. Edward Moulton)", "William Eythe (Ens. Hallam 'Oscar' Scott)", "Charles Bickford (Capt. Waddell)", "Cedric Hardwicke (Admiral)", "Kevin O'Shea (Ens. Charles 'Cookie' Cunningham)", "Richard Jaeckel (Beezy Bessemer)", "Harry Morgan (Ens. Malcolm Brainard)", "Alice Faye ((archive footage))", "Betty Grable ((archive footage))", "Billy Gilbert ((archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "\"Where is our Navy? Why doesn't it fight?\" In the aftermath of the Pearl Harbor attack, the U.S. Navy in the Pacific is stretched thin, torn between trying to defend against an expected attack on the U.S. West coast or striking a decisive blow against the Japanese.\r\n\r\nThe unnamed U.S. Aircraft Carrier (An amalgam of U.S.S. Enterprise and U.S.S. Lexington) embarks on a series of \"see me, I'm here\" feints which results in aircrew losses. Various subplots detail shipboard life in 1942\r\nas the sailors and flyers wonder when they will get a chance to attack the enemy.\r\n\r\nThen, the campaign turns serious and the fleet gathers near Midway island to strike the Japanese navy. Squadron attacks fail, then succeed, as the enemy fleet loses ships and aircraft. Then it is the turn of The Carrier to come under attack as the Japanese torpedo and dive bombers swarm in for the kill. \r\n\r\nThis film was made as the war in the Pacific was still going on, but after the battle of Midway, so some carrier aircraft seen are later models. A rousing wartime action adventure for war bond drives. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}