{"tmdb_id": 698, "title": "Moonraker", "original_title": "Moonraker", "slug_title": "moonraker", "date": "1979-06-26", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "L'agent secret britannique James Bond 007 enqu\u00eate sur la disparition d'une navette spatiale am\u00e9ricaine, \u00ab Moonraker \u00bb, confi\u00e9e au gouvernement britannique. 007 se rend aux \u00c9tats-Unis pour interroger le responsable de la construction de la fus\u00e9e, Sir Hugo Drax. Il y fait la rencontre de la charmante docteur Holly Goodhead et d\u00e9couvre que Drax est en fait le responsable de la disparition de la navette. Requin, son vieil ennemi de 2,18 m\u00e8tres \u00e0 la m\u00e2choire d'acier, a \u00e9t\u00e9 engag\u00e9 par Drax pour tuer Bond. Ce dernier d\u00e9couvre rapidement le plan de Drax : d\u00e9truire toute vie humaine sur Terre et y recr\u00e9er un nouveau monde \u00e0 l'image d'une \"super-race\" parfaite, dont les g\u00e9niteurs ont \u00e9t\u00e9 choisis par Drax et mis en s\u00fbret\u00e9 dans sa station spatiale invisible. Requin, trahi par Drax, rejoint 007 avec sa nouvelle petite amie blonde de 1,5 m. Ensemble, 007, Holly et Requin sauvent le monde de la destruction, et Bond tue Drax, alors qu'il tentait de s'\u00e9chapper.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pz2r25q3NzNTDGygTYesq5mvwbz.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Moore (James Bond)", "Lois Chiles (Dr. Holly Goodhead)", "Michael Lonsdale (Hugo Drax)", "Corinne Cl\u00e9ry (Corinne Dufour)", "Richard Kiel (Jaws)", "Bernard Lee (M)", "Geoffrey Keen (Sir Frederick Gray)", "Desmond Llewelyn (Q)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Toshir\u00f4 Suga (Chang)", "Emily Bolton (Manuela)", "Blanche Ravalec (Dolly)", "Irka Bochenko (Blonde Beauty)", "Leila Shenna (Hostess Private Jet)", "Walter Gotell (General Gogol)", "Alfie Bass (Consumptive Italian)", "Mike Marshall (Col. Scott)", "Douglas Lambert (Mission Control Director)", "Arthur Howard (Cavendish)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb18359958", "content": "**THE BIGGEST BOND  OF ALL!**\r\n\r\nMoonraker is a joy from beginning to end. Huge spectacle, stunning locations, lashings of humour, superb stunts, sexy ladies, a despicable and memorable villain, great special effects and of course, the legendary Sir Roger Moore as James Bond.\r\n\r\nElements of You Only Live Twice - spaceships swallowing spaceships - are expanded upon here and Moonraker fits right in with the classic silliness that the Bond franchise has always embraced.\r\n\r\nIt's a shame that the 2006 reboot threw it all away and chose to run away from being Bond films."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "One of the best of the Moore era  \r\n\r\nI steered clear of \u201cMoonraker\u201d (1979) for years because critics almost unanimously said it was awful. So when I finally sat down to view it I fully expecting a dog. Wrong! \u201cMoonraker\u201d is thoroughly entertaining from beginning to end and is one of the best of Roger Moore's 7-movie stint in the series.\r\n\r\nThe plot revolves around 007 investigating Hugo Drax (Michael Lonsdale) after a space shuttle on loan to the British is stolen. James slowly discovers that Drax has a mad scheme to recreate a race of perfect human specimens. The giant Jaws (Richard Kiel) returns from \u201cThe Spy Who Loved Me\u201d (1977) as Bond teams-up with the beautiful Dr. Holly Goodhead (Lois Chiles). The story climaxes with a spectacular battle at Drax' space station.\r\n\r\nEverything in \u201cMoonraker\u201d is over the top: The locations, the action, the villainous scheme, the humor, the seriousness, Jaws and the space finale. This works fabulously because Bond films were never meant to be deep, thought-provoking pieces of art, but rather grandiose pieces of thrilling eye candy with an amusing sense of the absurd.\r\n\r\nOne thing that I demand in any Bond adventure is great globe-trotting and spectacular locations. This is one of the reasons I consider \u201cLicense to Kill\u201d (1989) weak, but \u201cMoonraker\u201d delivers in spades! The film starts out with breathtaking scenes high above Napa Valley, California, as Bond engages in a thrilling sky-diving duel. From there we get France, Venice, Rio De Janeiro, the jungles of Brazil & Guatemala and the spectacular Iguazu Waterfalls, Argentina.\r\n\r\nLois Chiles is one of the more beautiful and competent Bond \"girls.\" Of course her name, \"Dr. Goodhead,\u201d is ludicrous in the tradition of Pussy Galore and Chew Mee. Meanwhile Drax is a formidable, serious nemesis contrasted by the cartoonish villainy of Jaws.\r\n\r\nThe film works on every level in entertaining the viewer but, depending on one's tastes, some people may have a cavil or two. For instance, many criticize the goofy humor associated with Jaws. The good thing is that it's actually funny and you'll likely bust out laughing a number of times. Regardless, the picture remains an essentially serious story, albeit totally outlandish, which is in keeping with the series, e.g. \u201cGoldfinger\u201d (1964) and \u201cYou Only Live Twice\u201d (1967).\r\n\r\nOthers object to the notion of Bond in space. I don't get this beef. He's been all over the earth and in every ocean, why not an adventure in space for something new? Some have criticized that \u201cMoonraker\u201d was trying to go \"Star Wars,\u201d but this makes no sense; \u201cMoonraker\u201d has nothing in common with \"Star Wars.\" It would be like arguing that \u201cThunderball\u201d (1965) ripped-off \"20,000 Leagues Under the Sea\" because it has underwater scenes.\r\n\r\nSomething else I'd like to point out: One of the reasons I steered clear from \u201cMoonraker\u201d for so many years was because I thought most of the film took place in space, and space is not something I seek in a Bond flick, but this isn't the case. Bond doesn't go up in space until over an hour & a half into the story! Only like 23% of the film takes place in space. More importantly, the climax is actually interesting and exciting unlike the ending of, say, \u201cThe Spy Who Loved Me,\u201d which isn\u2019t as compelling.\r\n\r\nRoger Moore has done more Bond films than any other actor (which is only matched by Sean Connery IF you include his unofficial 1983 entry \u201cNever Say Never Again\u201d). Roger started the role in 1972 when he was 44 and ended in 1985 at the age of 57 (!!). Regardless of his age he always looked great and perfectly convincing as 007; yes, even in \u201cA View to a Kill\u201d (1985). His movies contained more humor and action than the slightly-more-serious early 60's Bond films, which were fantastical and absurd in their own way (e.g. Oddball's killer hat, etc.), but Moore's stint isn't so different when you consider Connery's later films, like \u201cYou Only Live Twice\u201d and, especially, \u201cDiamonds are Forever\u201d (1971).\r\n\r\nMany prefer the Connery era, and I certainly appreciate those films, but I find the Moore period to be the most consistently entertaining in the series. Every one of his films was successful at the box office and \u201cMoonraker\u201d was the most successful Bond film until Pierce Brosnan's \u201cGoldeneye\u201d in 1995. There's not a dud in the bunch. They're colorful, vibrant and full of pizazz.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 6 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [700, 699, 691, 707], "youtube_key": "KFOOjYU16KE"}