{"tmdb_id": 700, "title": "Octopussy", "original_title": "Octopussy", "slug_title": "octopussy", "date": "1983-06-05", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Charg\u00e9 d'enqu\u00e9ter sur la mort tr\u00e8s suspecte de l'agent 009 (pourquoi avait-il donc cet inestimable oeuf Faberg\u00e9 dans la main ?...), James Bond assiste \u00e0 la mise aux ench\u00e8res de l'oeuf. Le richissime Kamal Khan en fait l'acquisition. Ce prince Indien exil\u00e9 semble nourrir de secr\u00e8tes accointances avec le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral r\u00e9n\u00e9gat Orlov. Mais quel lien y a-t-il entre l'oeuf, les complots du tandem russo-indien et la d\u00e9sirable, bien que myst\u00e9rieuse, Octopussy ? Et si c'\u00e9tait le d\u00e9clenchement de la Troisi\u00e8me Guerre Mondiale ?!...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/k5sBKzQj6cSB9UTCzNYNZoibGiC.jpg", "actors": ["Roger Moore (James Bond)", "Maud Adams (Octopussy)", "Louis Jourdan (Kamal)", "Kristina Wayborn (Magda)", "Kabir Bedi (Gobinda)", "Steven Berkoff (Orlov)", "David Meyer (Twin One)", "Tony Meyer (Twin Two)", "Desmond Llewelyn (Q)", "Robert Brown (M)", "Lois Maxwell (Miss Moneypenny)", "Michaela Clavell (Penelope Smallbone)", "Walter Gotell (Gogol)", "Vijay Amritraj (Vijay)", "Albert Moses (Sadruddin)", "Geoffrey Keen (Minister of Defence)", "Douglas Wilmer (Fanning)", "Andy Bradford (009)", "Philip Voss (Auctioneer)", "Bruce Boa (U.S. General)", "Richard LeParmentier (U.S. Aide)", "Paul Hardwick (Soviet Chairman)", "Suzanne Jerome (Gwendoline)", "Cherry Gillespie (Midge)", "Dermot Crowley (Kamp)", "Peter Porteous (Lenkin)", "Eva Rueber-Staier (Rublevitch)", "Jeremy Bulloch (Smithers)", "Tina Hudson (Bianca)", "William Derrick (Thug with Yo-yo)", "Stuart Saunders (Major Clive)", "Patrick Barr (British Ambassador)", "Gabor Vernon (Borchoi)", "Hugo Bower (Karl)", "Ken Norris (Colonel Toro)", "Tony Arjuna (Mufti)", "Gertan Klauber (Bubi)", "Brenda Cowling (Schatzl)", "David Grahame (Petrol Pump Attendant)", "Brian Coburn (South American V.I.P.)", "Michael Halphie (South American Officer)", "Mary Stavin (Octopussy Girl)", "Carolyn Seaward (Octopussy Girl)", "Carole Ashby (Octopussy Girl)", "Cheryl Anne (Octopussy Girl)", "Jani-Z (Octopussy Girl)", "Julie Martin (Octopussy Girl)", "Joni Flynn (Octopussy Girl)", "Julie Barth (Octopussy Girl)", "Kathy Davies (Octopussy Girl)", "Helene Hunt (Octopussy Girl)", "Gillian De Terville (Octopussy Girl)", "Safira Afzal (Octopussy Girl)", "Louise King (Octopussy Girl)", "Tina Robinson (Octopussy Girl)", "Alison Worth (Octopussy Girl)", "Janine Andrews (Octopussy Girl)", "Lynda Knight (Octopussy Girl)", "Susanne Dando (Gymnast Supervisor)", "Teresa Draddock (Gymnast)", "Kirsten Harrison (Gymnast)", "Christine Cullers (Gymnast)", "Lisa Jackman (Gymnast)", "Jane Aldridge (Gymnast)", "Christine Gibson (Gymnast)", "Tracy Llewellyn (Gymnast)", "Ruth Flynn (Gymnast)", "Roberto  Germains (Ringmaster)", "Richard Graydon (Francisco the Fearless)", "The Hassani Troupe (The Circus)", "The Flying Cherokees (The Circus)", "Carol Richter (The Circus)", "Josef Richter (The Circus)", "Vera Fossett (The Circus)", "Shirley Fossett (The Circus)", "Barrie Winship (The Circus)", "Ravinder Singh Reyett (Thug)", "Gurdial Sira (Thug)", "Michael Moor (Thug)", "Sven Surtees (Thug)", "Peter Edmund (Thug)", "Ray Charles (Thug)", "Talib Johnny (Thug)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Potential Kermode", "content": "**One of the best of the James Bond series**\r\n\r\n\r\nForget the dour, bland rubbish of the Daniel Craig era - Octopussy is how a James Bond film should be!  **FUN!** The franchise has always been over the top ever since we saw _Sean Connery's James Bond wearing a strap on plastic seagull hat in the classic Goldfinger_ and Octopussy continues that absurdity only this time with Roger Moore.\r\n\r\nSo anyway, here 007 is on the trail of a smuggling ring whilst also trying to stop a crazed Russian general (Steven Berkoff in an amazing performance) from starting WWIII.\r\n\r\nBeautiful looking film makes the most of the India. Some great stunt work - including a finale on top of a plane, John Barry providing a lush score, lashings of humour and a fair amount of tension - Bond disarming a nuclear weapon in a circus tent is very effective. A very _violent_ film - here, we can see Roger Moore's 007 shooting a young Russian soldier through the forehead.\r\n\r\n_Positively shocking_! \r\n\r\nYou probably get the general idea by now that I like this one a lot. Great Bond film.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n- Potential Kermode"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Roger Moore, Indiana Jones, India, Germany, Circuses, Russians, Trains, Time Bombs and Babes  \r\n\r\nRoger Moore's stint as James Bond lasted a whopping 12 years from 1973 to 1985, which is the longest term for any actor in the Bond role (not including Sean Connery's one-shot unofficial return in 1983\u2019s \"Never Say Never Again\"). Moore started as Bond when he was 45 years old and ended when he was 57. The seven films he did are as follows:\r\n\r\nLIVE AND LET DIE (1973), THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN (1974), THE SPY WHO LOVED ME (1977), MOONRAKER (1979), FOR YOUR EYES ONLY (1981), OCTOPUSSY (1983) and A VIEW TO A KILL (1985).\r\n\r\nAll seven were hugely popular at the box office, which explains why they kept making \u2018em every two years.\r\n\r\nMany Bond fans curiously look down on Moore's stint, no doubt because there was a little too much silly humor in his films but, to me, the Moore entrees are the most consistently entertaining. There's not a dud in the bunch; even the heavily maligned \u201cMoonraker\u201d is phenomenal. The Connery films were more serious, with the exception of \u201cDiamonds are Forever,\u201d and Sean is the quintessential Bond figure because he expertly established the role, but I ENJOY Roger Moore's stint more than any of the others. His movies have the most re-watch merit.\r\n\r\nSome argue that by the time of \u201cOctopussy\u201d Moore was too \"long in the tooth,\" but I don't see that. He may have been 54 years-old when \u201cOctopussy\u201d was shot and 56 in \u201cA View to a Kill,\u201d but it didn't matter. Moore ALWAYS looked perfectly convincing as James Bond, whatever his age.\r\n\r\nAs to the story, is it really necessary to go into detail about the convoluted plot of \u201cOctopussy\u201d? Every Bond film features a main villain and a few accomplices/subordinates who want to cause great havoc; Bond defies death at every turn and runs into numerous beautiful women as he moves from one exotic locale to another trying to figure out the villains' scheme and stop it.\r\n\r\n\u201cOctopussy\u201d was filmed on location in India, East Germany & England, with the closing aerial scenes shot in Utah; these settings are fabulous as usual. We also get circuses, clowns, trains, mad Russian militarists and bombs-about-to-explode.\r\n\r\nOne thing that distinguishes \u201cOctopussy\u201d is that it has more of an Indiana Jones appeal than any other installment, which stands to reason since Indiana Jones was hugely popular at the time (\u201cRaiders of the Lost Ark\u201d came out two years earlier while \u201cThe Temple of Doom\u201d came out the year after \u201cOctopussy\u201d).\r\n\r\nThe \"Bond women\" featured in \u201cOctopussy\u201d are Sweden's own Maud Adams (who previously appeared in \u201cThe Man with the Golden Gun\u201d) and Kristina Wayborn. I personally never found Maud very appealing, but Kristina has an exotic charm, although she needs to gain like 10 pounds. There are numerous other peripheral women in the film like Midge, the short brunette with full hair, and the East Indian beauty that aids Bond during the opening teaser, not to mention several circus babes.\r\n\r\nYou either like James Bond films or you don't. You either like Roger Moore as James Bond or you don't. Although, their plots will often make your head spin, these movies are nothing deep. You won't derive many nuggets of wisdom. They're essentially mindless adventure flicks highlighted by exotic locales and beautiful women. Their express purpose is to entertain, not enlighten. It's escapist fantasy/adventure, pure and simple.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Spy Who Loved Me\u201d is usually cited as the best Moore-era Bond picture, and I agree that it\u2019s a great Bond flick, but \u201cOctopussy\u201d ranks pretty high as well and is arguably the top one. As with most of Moore's Bond films, \u201cOctopussy\u201d throws in goofy humor, but it's basically a serious story. It has a bit of an Indiana Jones flare and features India, Germany, scheming Russian militarists & Afghan princes, gorgeous women, incredible action sequences, circuses, clowns, time bombs and trains galore. What moore could you want in a Bond pic?\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 10 minutes.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A"}], "recommandations_id": [699, 698, 707, 691]}