{"tmdb_id": 70112, "title": "Dahmer vs. Gacy", "original_title": "Dahmer vs. Gacy", "slug_title": "dahmer-vs-gacy", "date": "2011-05-10", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "1.8/10", "synopsis": "A secret government lab run by Dr. Hess (Art LaFleur) has been trying to create the ultimate killer using the DNA of infamous killers Jeffrey Dahmer (Ford Austin) and John Wayne Gacy (Randal Malone), but there\u2019s one big problem: they\u2019ve escaped! Bloody mayhem stretches across the United States as they go on the ultimate killing spree. Trying to stop the maniacal madness is Ringo (Ford Austin), a hick warrior being trained by God (Harland Williams), using only a shotgun and a bottle of whiskey. In his road trip to hell, he must first fight off his own demons, not to mention an army of Japanese ninjas and a Super-serial killer (Ethan Phillips)! It all leads up to the ultimate showdown!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1z5HcDglrsJnBZA8d1uGifzlgiD.jpg", "actors": ["Ford Austin (Jeffrey Dahmer)", "Randal Malone (John Wayne Gacy)", "Art LaFleur (Dr. Hess)", "Ethan Phillips (X-13)", "Harland Williams (God)", "Bonnie Aarons (General Arbogast)", "Irwin Keyes (Dr. Pruitt)", "Elissa Dowling (Jezebel)", "Trey Alexander (Hal Anderson)", "Felissa Rose (Joanie Farana)", "Alana Curry (Holly Richards)", "Katie Lohmann (Valerie Winters)", "Brooke Lewis (Tammy Hart)", "Del Howison (Bum)", "Lee Perkins (Jerald Clarkson)", "Deron Miller (Charles Manson)", "Jerry Maren (Mime)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [45102, 222299, 36837, 32367], "youtube_key": "notfound"}