{"tmdb_id": 7012, "title": "Le Jour d'apr\u00e8s", "original_title": "The Day After", "slug_title": "le-jour-d-apres", "date": "1983-11-20", "genre": "T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Science-Fiction / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Alors que les journaux t\u00e9l\u00e9vis\u00e9s et la radio font allusion \u00e0 une intervention arm\u00e9e des Sovi\u00e9tiques en Allemagne de l\u2019Est, la vie quotidienne de citoyens am\u00e9ricains habitant de Lawrence et de Kansas City est sur le point d'\u00eatre boulevers\u00e9e! Une guerre nucl\u00e9aire est sur le point d'\u00e9clater.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/RdxdHEUNviGM2CjimPiI8j0adl.jpg", "actors": ["Jason Robards (Dr. Russell Oakes)", "John Cullum (Jim Dahlberg)", "JoBeth Williams (Nurse Nancy Bauer)", "Steve Guttenberg (Stephen Klein)", "John Lithgow (Joe Huxley)", "Bibi Besch (Eve Dahlberg)", "Lori Lethin (Denise Dahlberg)", "Amy Madigan (Alison Ransom)", "William Allen Young (Airman Billy McCoy)", "Jeff East (Bruce Gallatin)", "Georgann Johnson (Helen Oakes)", "Lin McCarthy (Dr. Austin)", "Dennis Lipscomb (Reverend Walker)", "Calvin Jung (Dr. Sam Hachya)", "Clayton Day (Dennis Hendry)", "Alston Ahern (Cynthia)", "William Allyn (Professor)", "Antonie Becker (Ellen Hendry)", "Jonathan Estrin (Julian French)", "Stephen Furst (Aldo)", "Arliss Howard (Tom Cooper)", "Rosanna Huffman (Dr. Wallenberg)", "Barbara Harris (Cleo Mackey)", "Vahan Moosekian (Mack)", "George Petrie (Dr. Landowska)", "Pamela Brown (Nurse)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This was solid and, considering its epoch, scary. I remember being a teen when this came up, and with U.S./Soviet relations at a nadir, nuclear war films were just starting to appear on the cinephile's radar once again, after taking a breather from their 60's heyday for the sake of the glut of natural disaster films that hit theatres in the interim.\r\n\r\nThis was one of the first and best, simply because director Nicholas Meyer was so good at sci-fi. I fervently wish he had made a lot more movies."}, {"pseudo": "znapper", "content": "Well worth the view and it's surprisingly hard-hitting, for an American movie.\r\n\r\nTDA depict the full nuclear exchange between NATO and the Warsaw-pact and how this affect the population in and around Kansas.\r\n\r\nI think TDA really works better as a pure movie, because it is. Compared to the UK-made \"Threads\", which is more of a docudrama, TDA sets the scene and develop the characters.\r\n\r\nMany of the characters also survive the initial attack and we follow them 2-4 weeks after the initial attack.\r\n\r\nEven though TDA was both politically incorrect at the time and is also pretty bleak and scary, it does fall into the trap of being more of a movie than a film meant to shock and present facts.\r\n\r\nSome of the cheesy dialogue and characters also feels a little 'meh' (love stories, family-drama etc). Threads also has some of that, but avoid the most cheesy moments, because it's more 'real' than 'played out by actors'.\r\n\r\nAnyway, TDA works well, it will keep you seated and you will indeed feel moved by the buildup and attack-scene, as well as the aftermath.\r\n\r\nActing is for the most part very good and the film flows nicely trough the story.\r\n\r\nThe thing I don't like too much with TDA, is that it does pull it's punches concerning the consequences of such a nuclear exchange and it does leave the viewer with a slightly positive outlook, that things will improve in time and that mankind will prevail. \r\n\r\nDr. Oakes, one of the main-characters in the film is probably the voice of the most realistic views on what is to come, but his views aren't lifted up as being the view of the movie itself.\r\n\r\nStill a highly recommended film, it does cover a subject only covered properly by this and the UK made 'Threads'."}], "recommandations_id": [10514, 17835, 10606, 10857]}