{"tmdb_id": 70135, "title": "The Base", "original_title": "The Base", "slug_title": "the-base", "date": "1999-03-25", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "Major Murphy, a US Army Investigator, has received a new assignment. Sgt. Gammon is suspected of dealing cocaine from his base, and Murphy must gather enough evidence to shut down Gammon and his entire operation. Along with his partner, Lt. Andrews, the Major goes undercover to infiltrate the gang and find out just how far up the chain of command these activities are going.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xsV84UvoLwQu4choQueNxuuDhHH.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Dacascos (Maj. John Murphy / Cpl. John Dalton)", "Tim Abell (Sgt. Michael S. Gammon)", "Paula Trickey (Lt. Kelly Andrews)", "Noah Blake (Cpl. Nicholas Castellano)", "Darcas Macopson (Cpl. Theodore Knox)", "Christian Bocher (Cpl. Richard P. Henderson)", "Madison Mason (Gen. Leo Oxenberg)", "Frederick Coffin (Brig. Gen. Albert Becker)", "Marco Rodr\u00edguez (Rosato)", "Joe Renteria (Ray)", "Louis Perez (Santos)", "Josh Cruze (Pablo)", "Alex Carl (Lt. Stephen Doyle)", "Tom Schultz (Commando 1)", "Brian Hite (Commando 2)", "Joey Gardner (Commando 3)", "Thomas Rosales, Jr. (Driver)", "Ramiro Gonz\u00e1lez (Rosato Drug Runner)", "Chuck Borden (Receptionist)", "Scott Leva (Front Gate MP #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Law", "content": "This is a competent, minimalistic actioner that's worth a watch if you're a fan of the genre."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "eAfr5fiW-wU"}