{"tmdb_id": 70136, "title": "Tarzan et les Sir\u00e8nes", "original_title": "Tarzan and the Mermaids", "slug_title": "tarzan-et-les-sirenes", "date": "1948-05-15", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Romance"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Varga, un aventurier sans scrupule, terrorise un petit village de p\u00e9cheurs. Il convoite une jeune indig\u00e8ne, Mara, la fianc\u00e9e de Tiko, et, las d'attendre, l\u2019enl\u00e8ve. Il se r\u00e9fugie avec elle sur une ile ou il la retient prisonni\u00e8re. Mara r\u00e9ussit a s\u2019\u00e9chapper et dans la jungle rencontre Tarzan qui d\u00e9cide de la prot\u00e9ger en affrontant Varga...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/91h1lrOD0u1KKoQkbFXk2NKw3pK.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Weissmuller (Tarzan)", "Brenda Joyce (Jane)", "George Zucco (Palanth, the High Priest)", "Andrea Palma (Luana, Mara's Mother)", "Fernando Wagner (Varga, Pearl Trader)", "Edward Ashley (Commissioner)", "John Laurenz (Benji)", "Gustavo Rojo (Tiko, Mara's Fianc\u00e9)", "Matthew Boulton (British Inspector-General)", "Linda Christian (Mara)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It's Tarzan up to one of his tricks.\r\n\r\nOK! The mermaids of the title here are actually pearl divers who require Tarzan's help to topple their evil leader. Oh and said evil leader has set himself up as a false God, thus enslaving the islanders with religious fervour.\r\n\r\nFilmed at Churubusco Studios in Mexico, Mermaids is the final appearance of Johnny Weissmuller as Tarzan. It's no great send off for the man who had worn the loin cloth with distinction. It's standard fare, with the franchise looking as tired as its iconic lead actor. However, it moves along at a good clip, introduces us to the lovely Linda Christian and director Robert Florey inserts enough under water battles (with men and creature) and cliff diving escapades to keep the pic zippy. Boy is away in England studying, but Jane (Brenda Joyce) is around looking delicious and not at all jealous of Tarzan bringing home Mara (Christian) after she escapes a planned marriage to evil false deity guy. While Cheeta, bless her, auditions for the role of Duane Eddy. \r\n\r\nHarmless lord of the apes fluff all told, but instantly forgettable into the bargain. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [55860, 55872, 55873, 82053], "youtube_key": "I6hWT275WfU"}