{"tmdb_id": 70199, "title": "Froid comme la mort", "original_title": "Dead of Winter", "slug_title": "froid-comme-la-mort", "date": "1987-02-06", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune actrice, Katie McGovern, croit rever quand on lui propose de remplacer une com\u00e9dienne qui a quitte d\u00e9finitivement un plateau en plein tournage. Mais Katie ne sait pas encore qu'elle doit jouer le r\u00f4le de sa vie pour la garder. Elle est en effet tomb\u00e9e dans le pi\u00e8ge d'une histoire sordide.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aus3HC09GcM3aEl3huWomYX7QnP.jpg", "actors": ["Mary Steenburgen (Julie Rose / Katie McGovern / Evelyn)", "Roddy McDowall (Mr. Murray)", "Jan Rube\u0161 (Dr. Joseph Lewis)", "William Russ (Rob Sweeney)", "Ken Pogue (Officer Mullavy)", "Wayne Robson (Officer Huntley)", "Mark Malone (Roland McGovern)", "Michael Copeman (Highway Patrolman)", "Sam Malkin (Gas Jock)", "Pamela Moller (Woman at audition)", "Dwayne McLean (Killer)", "Paul Welsh (New Year's Eve reveler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "slayrrr666", "content": "Heading for an audition, an actress drives out to a large mansion to prepare for the role only to find that a strange conspiracy appears to involve one of his former patients trying to kill her, and she soon learns of deeper ties to their plot and must put a stop to them before it's too late.\r\n\r\nThere were a few good parts to this one. One of the better parts to this is the house's look, which actually works to the film's advantage in creating a dark, chilling atmosphere due to several key factors. From the large size that offers up hidden passageways, alternate rooms and more to the decorations that adorn the walls and layout, there's plenty to enjoy about the setting to this one. There's also the film's somewhat engaging mystery when it first starts throwing them out there. From the burning license in the fire and the lies about the phones to when it starts in with the hidden rooms and passageways, along with their behavior towards her, it makes this part of the film really entertaining and enjoyable, which is a good thing and is definitely very appreciated. The only other good part of this one is the final chase in here, which is really good from the first instances where the escape plan is put into motion, the different confrontations throughout the house are very good as well, and once it moves into the attic where it gets really fun. From the kills to the suspense and the action all combine to make this the only section of the film where something is happening. These here are all that work for this one as it has a couple flaws that severely hold it back. One of the main ones is the fact that the film just doesn't have any kind of action or horror-related scenes for a near eternity. It's close to fifty minutes in before any kind of danger is detected, and it's still not anything that would move the film along with any kind of speed or momentum at all, and usually resort to being quickly written off at the time to get back to the slow, snail-like pace that has been going on until then. That just makes the film go so long that it's really almost impossible to get into the film with any kind of intimacy, due to the fact that the time when it should be making us interested in the film it spends them showcasing these boring aspects instead, and that is really off- putting and extremely uninteresting. The other big problem with this one is the fact that the twist, when it occurs late in the film, not only doesn't change matters much but seemingly re-writes the film to the point of utter confusion. This would take forever to fully get all the way out, and instead, it just doesn't do much at all to the film as a whole. It's quite a lame twist and doesn't help the film at all. There are a couple other minor flaws, but none of them are as detrimental as these.\r\n\r\nRated R: Violence and Language."}], "recommandations_id": [30929, 112481, 89394, 74899]}