{"tmdb_id": 70191, "title": "Un Homme fait la loi", "original_title": "The Good Guys and the Bad Guys", "slug_title": "un-homme-fait-la-loi", "date": "1969-11-19", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1900 au Texas, un vieux sh\u00e9rif retrouve un ancien hors-la-loi qui lui a \u00e9chapp\u00e9 quinze ans plus t\u00f4t. Les deux hommes vont revivre une aventure \u00e0 la mode d'autrefois.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7lNi9fi59xbvbLoH602YaqA1pjX.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Mitchum (Flagg)", "George Kennedy (McKay)", "Martin Balsam (Mayor Wilker)", "David Carradine (Waco)", "Tina Louise (Carmel)", "John Carradine (Ticker)", "Douglas Fowley (Grundy)", "Lois Nettleton (Mary)", "John Davis Chandler (Deuce)", "Marie Windsor (Polly)", "Dick Peabody (Boyle)", "Kathleen Freeman (Mrs. Stone)", "Jimmy Murphy (Buckshot)", "Thordis Brandt (Babe)", "Irene Kelly (Ginny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Progress Posturing.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe Good Guys and the Bad Guys is directed by Burt Kennedy and written by Dennis Shryack. It stars Robert Mitchum, George Kennedy, Martin Balsam, David Carradine, Tina Louise, Lois Nettleton and Douglas Fowley. A Panavision/Technicolor production, music is by William Lava and cinematography by Harry Stradling Jr.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nThe town of Progress and Marshal Jim Flagg (Mitchum) learns that old foe John McKay (Kennedy) is about and robbery is soon to follow. However, Jim has difficulty convincing Mayor Wilker (Balsam) that any thing is up, the Mayor apparently more concerned with bed hopping and feathering his own political nest. So when Wilker prematurely retires Jim, sticking one of his lap-dogs into the role of Marshal, Jim sets about doing his own investigation. Pretty soon both Jim and John, one time enemies on either side of the law, find that both of them are out of time with an ever changing West.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nAmiable. Burt Kennedy\u2019s film doesn\u2019t have the best of reputations, seemingly the blend of comedy and drama not teasing out much interest from the Western enthusiasts. It\u2019s true enough to say that the main theme, that of the changing West and two men finding themselves relics of the time, is ultimately playing second fiddle to the frivolity, while the finale tips over into over zealous slapstick farcery, yet Kennedy and Shryack imbue the picture with a genuine love of the genre. The director lets the pairing of Mitchum and Kennedy unfurl naturally, whilst also giving Balsam licence to have a great time, thus all key performers are ever watchable. Scenic delights await within as Chama and Silverton provide location oomph, and the action quotient is in good supply.\r\n\r\nDisposable for sure, but fun while it\u2019s on. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [46726, 110790, 93929, 19335], "youtube_key": "notfound"}