{"tmdb_id": 70224, "title": "The Curse of the Oily Maniac", "original_title": "Sumpah orang minyak", "slug_title": "the-curse-of-the-oily-maniac", "date": "1956-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Si Bongkok was born disfigured and a hunchback. As a result, the Kampong Tualang Tiga people often bullied him especially Buyong. One night, Bongkok wanted to present the Penghulu's daughter, whom he has fallen for secretly, a drawing but was chased away when Buyong persuaded the people that Bongkok does not deserve to live among them. Bongkok went away and questioned God on his predicament. Soon after, a group of Bunian people appeared and brought him to their kingdom and grant him a wish. The wish will be broken if he kills another person.  He dipped himself into the magic pool and came out as a handsome man. He returned to Kampung Tualang Tiga to take his love but was confronted by Buyong and as a result his love was killed. They fought and Bongkok had no choice but to kill. As a result, Bongkok turned invisible for breaking his promise. Satan offered to help and grant him worldly desires if he raped 21 girls within seven days and worship Satan as a God. What did Bongkok do?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6dIIKSWGV55YWeTPw18dTQ3l3ku.jpg", "actors": ["P. Ramlee (Si Bongkok)", "Daeng Idris (Bang Selamat)", "Ali Rahman ()", "Salleh Kamil ()", "Malek Sutan Muda ()", "Haji Mahadi ()", "Shariff Dol ()", "Salbiah ()", "M. Rafee ()", "Fatimah Osman ()", "Rahmah Rahmat ()", "Ahmad Chetti ()", "Raja Hamidah ()", "Mustarjo ()", "Nyong Ismail ()", "Ahmad Ghani ()", "Rokiah Hashim ()", "Pranic Pramut ()", "Mariion Willis ()", "Sri Dewi ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}