{"tmdb_id": 70435, "title": "Pi\u00e9g\u00e9e", "original_title": "Haywire", "slug_title": "piegee", "date": "2011-07-05", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Mallory Kane est un super soldat agissant pour des op\u00e9rations ultra secr\u00e8te. Elle est un jour trahie par un membre de son \u00e9quipe. Elle d\u00e9cide donc de d\u00e9couvrir qui est ce f\u00e9lon qui lui a mis sur le dos l'\u00e9chec d'une op\u00e9ration.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8g38NBIsX5UjFefV6CMEDfIV49D.jpg", "actors": ["Gina Carano (Mallory Kane)", "Ewan McGregor (Kenneth)", "Michael Fassbender (Paul)", "Bill Paxton (John Kane)", "Channing Tatum (Aaron)", "Antonio Banderas (Rodrigo)", "Michael Douglas (Alex Coblenz)", "Michael Angarano (Scott)", "Mathieu Kassovitz (Studer)", "Eddie J. Fernandez (Barroso)", "Anthony Brandon Wong (Jiang)", "Tim Connolly (Jason)", "Max Arciniega (Gomez)", "Aaron Cohen (Jamie)", "Debbie Lynn Ross (Diner Waitress)", "Julian Alcaraz (Victor)", "Llu\u00eds Botella Pont (Helpful Guy)", "James Flynn (Hotel Clerk)", "Karl Shiels (Goatee)", "Bobby Burns (Sheriff #1)", "Al Goto (Sheriff #2)", "R.A. Rondell (State Trooper #1)", "John Wylie (State Trooper #2)", "Todd Thatcher Cash (State Trooper #3)", "Edward A. Duran (Armed Man #1)", "Derick Pritchard (Armed Man #2)", "J.J. Perry (Kenneth's Henchman #1)", "Tim Connolly (Kenneth's Henchman #2)", "Natascha Berg (Liliana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Unfortunately this movie is the case of the trailer being a lot better than the movie. I was hoping for some nice revenge-movie with a kick-ass female agent. Unfortunately this movie does not really deliver on that. It is quite slow for starters. Sure, at times Mallory does kick some ass but a lot of the time is spent on flashbacks and much of these are really really slow.\r\n\r\nThe plot is a very standard and unoriginal one about agent getting double-crossed and subsequently deals out some pay-back. I have no problem with that. It is a valid setting for some nice action. The problem lies in the implementation.\r\n\r\nThe acting is never anything to write home about. You get the feeling all the characters are just reading of the script in order to get the scenes done and over with. As a consequence you never really get any attachment to neither the heroine nor the bad guys. Most of the movie I just sat and waited for the next action scene to begin. There are quite a few good names in this movie but, sadly, none of them are really allowed to \u201ctake the stage\u201d and give any real performance.\r\n\r\nThe bottom line is a very mediocre and sometimes downright boring movie."}], "recommandations_id": [81796, 49021, 80389, 12201]}