{"tmdb_id": 70692, "title": "Mon fils a disparu", "original_title": "Taken from Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story", "slug_title": "mon-fils-a-disparu", "date": "2011-01-31", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Vivant dans le Queens \u00e0 New York, Tiffany Rubin coule des jours heureux aupr\u00e8s de son nouveau mari, Chris. La jeune femme est aussi la m\u00e8re de Kobe, un petit gar\u00e7on qu'elle a eu avec son ex-mari, Jeff, aux origines cor\u00e9ennes. Ce dernier emm\u00e8ne son fils \u00e0 Disneyworld mais quelques heures plus tard, Tiffany est sans nouvelles de Kobe. Boulevers\u00e9e, elle apprend que Jeff a kidnapp\u00e9 leur enfant et l'a emmen\u00e9 en Cor\u00e9e du Sud. Par amour, cette m\u00e8re va tout mettre en \u0153uvre pour pouvoir retrouver son petit gar\u00e7on.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4iiA0V2IL1ERvqYb0MwRW1p8wkl.jpg", "actors": ["Taraji P. Henson (Tiffany Rubin)", "David Haydn-Jones (Chris Rubin)", "Drew Davis (Kobe)", "Sean Baek (Jeff)", "Terry O'Quinn (Mark Miller)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A mom's fight for her child...\r\n\r\nBased on the true stories have always fascinated me. We can read those stories as one page article in a newspaper, but watching it in a motion picture is totally different and give a closer experience to the original event. I've seen variety of 'taken' and 'abducted' movies that inspired by the real incidents and this one is not bad at all in contrast to its budget. Minimal cast, descent performances, enthralling storytelling, overall a good movie as for the standard to be a television movie.\r\n\r\nOne thing these movies teach us is the importance of family and its members. To see their struggle to retrieve the loved one makes our heart melt. This film is about a mother whose son, Kobe was taken away by none other than her ex husband, the child's biological father against her will and the law. To find out where they are, who's going to help her and will they reunite is the remaining story told in a exciting way. The thrilling last scene was good, intrigued by the acceleration. Since it was no a fiction, definitely worth a watch.\r\n\r\n8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [97006, 14736], "youtube_key": "notfound"}