{"tmdb_id": 70706, "title": "Very Good Girls", "original_title": "Very Good Girls", "slug_title": "very-good-girls", "date": "2013-01-22", "genre": "Drame", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Lors de leur premier \u00e9t\u00e9 apr\u00e8s la fin du lyc\u00e9e, deux adolescentes new-yorkaises se promettent de perdre leur virginit\u00e9. Lorsqu'elles tombent toutes les deux amoureuses du m\u00eame artiste de street-art, l'amiti\u00e9 des deux jeunes filles est mise \u00e0 rude \u00e9preuve pour la premi\u00e8re fois.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vYpptLSKjfEEEdsqvwbOF2a4fgM.jpg", "actors": ["Dakota Fanning (Lilly Berger)", "Elizabeth Olsen (Gerry)", "Boyd Holbrook (David Avery)", "Demi Moore (Kate)", "Richard Dreyfuss (Danny)", "Ellen Barkin (Norma Berger)", "Peter Sarsgaard (Fitzsimmons)", "Clark Gregg (Edward Berger)", "Kiernan Shipka (Eleanor Berger)", "Clare Foley (Phoebe Berger)", "Owen Campbell (Karl)", "Roslyn Curry (Joy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Love triangle when the friendship is the only thing that's standing in between.\r\n\r\nIs it about the good girls? Looks like that way until the summer break before these two friends get going for the freshman year college. So they decide to lose their virginity, but they both fall for a same boy. Their's long standing friendship will be tested, the remaining film tells who lose the bet and how.\r\n\r\nGood cast, but the story was from the Lily's perspective that played by Dakota Fanning. The boy and Elizabeth Oslen were kind of in the support roles. A simple love triangle story, but the actings were good. 'Little Birds', 'Ginger & Rosa', 'Violet & Daisy', 'Ghost World', 'Thirteen' name it. This kind of two thick friends theme is quite popular, but mostly average ones like this.\r\n\r\nWell, it was not one of those movies of the year that I was expecting, so enjoyed what it provided in a limited scale. A few times I was annoyed too, for the turns in the narration, but the way it ended compromised my overall thought. This is a decent coming-of-age movie, which is not worth to suggest anyone openly, but you can give it a try if you get a shot.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [90369, 84306, 58446, 260001]}