{"tmdb_id": 70734, "title": "The White Sister", "original_title": "The White Sister", "slug_title": "the-white-sister", "date": "1923-09-05", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Angela Chiaromonte (Lillian Gish) is the daughter of a wealthy Italian prince who is killed in a fall from his horse. Though Angela stands to inherit half of a large estate, her older half-sister burns the will and thus inherits everything herself, throwing Angela into poverty. Fortunately, Angela is engaged to marry dashing Captain Giovanni Severi (Ronald Colman) - but he soon is captured by Arabs while on an expedition to Africa. Believing him dead, Angela, dedicating her life to his memory, becomes a nun, unaware that her lover has escaped his captors and is returning to Italy! The dramatic climax takes place against a backdrop of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1DoNzWk6ENcqNpBCh4TA8b0KYmn.jpg", "actors": ["Lillian Gish (Angela Chiaromonte)", "Ronald Colman (Capt. Giovanni Severi)", "Gail Kane (Marchesa di Mola)", "J. Barney Sherry (Monsignor Saracinesca)", "Charles Lane (Prince Chiaromonte)", "Juliette La Violette (Madame Bernard)", "Gustavo Serena (Prof. Ugo Severi)", "Alfredo Bertone (Filmore Durand)", "Roman Ibanez (Count del Ferice)", "Alfredo Martinelli (Alfredo del Ferice)", "Ida Carloni Talli (Mother Superior)", "Giovanni Viccola (Gen. Mazzini)", "Antonio Barda (Alfredo's Tutor)", "Giacomo D'Attino (Solicitor to the Prince)", "Michele Gualdi (Solicitor to Count)", "Giuseppe Pavoni (The Archbishop)", "Francesco Socinus (Prof. Torricelli)", "Sheik Mahomet (The Bedouin Chief)", "James E. Abbe (Lt. Rossini)", "Duncan Mansfield (Cmdr. Dorato)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [155573, 142159, 120831, 4111], "youtube_key": "notfound"}