{"tmdb_id": 70740, "title": "Goblin", "original_title": "Goblin", "slug_title": "goblin", "date": "2010-07-13", "genre": "Horreur / Fantastique / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uQHkSBGOrhtGb84SEYl2nMuhNcS.jpg", "actors": ["Gil Bellows (Neil Perkins)", "Tracy Spiridakos (Nikki Perkins)", "Camille Sullivan (Kate Perkins)", "Donnelly Rhodes (Charlie)", "Reilly Dolman (Kyle)", "Andrew Wheeler (Sheriff Milgreen)", "Colin Cunningham (Owen)", "Erin Boyes (Cammy)", "Jordan Moore (Nathan Perkins)", "Brett Dier (Matt)", "Chilton Crane (Bea Milgreen)", "Kathleen Duborg (Judge's Wife)", "Elizabeth Weinstein (Peasant Woman)", "Brendan Beiser (Deputy Perry)", "Brandy Kopp (Wife)", "Jacqueline Robbins (Old Woman #1)", "Joyce Robbins (Old Woman #2)", "Julia Maxwell (Jane)", "Roy Campsall (Goblin)", "Ryan Grantham (Ben)", "Glenn Ennis (Husband)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Excellent deep woods monster flick***\r\n\r\nFilmed in the deep woods of British Columbia, 2010's \"Goblin\" tells the story of a cursed forest hamlet in Colorado wherein an extremely tall and malicious goblin appears every Halloween to kill newborns and anyone else who may get in the way.\r\n\r\nUnlike joke-horror films like \"Cabin Fever,\" \"Goblin\" takes the material totally serious with zero camp or goofiness. This is the way monster movies should be done. After all, once an element of goofiness is introduced it's no longer possible to take the film serious and be horrified by the events, which is one of the main purposes of horror movies.\r\n\r\nI was impressed with the quality of the acting & writing, particularly for a low-budget TV movie. The characters are not one-dimensional; they're written as believable human beings and the actors, professionals that they are, are able to follow suit.\r\n\r\nThis one has all the mandatory staples of a deep woods horror flick -- gorgeous babes, gorgeous babes fleeing in terror, gorgeous babes fleeing in terror with titillating clothing (I'm just having fun so don't take me too seriously, lol), youthful romantic liaisons, creepy malicious monster, good characters to root for, particularly the father (Gil Bellows) and his family/friends.\r\n\r\nThe \"gorgeous babes\" include the main protagonist Tracy Spiridakos, blonde cutie Erin Boyes and Julia Maxwell, the latter clad in an alluring goth-girl costume with stockings & high heels (no wonder the Goblin goes after her!). Bellow's wife in the story, Camille Sullivan, also deserves an honorable mention.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of the monster, aren't goblins supposed to be small-ish creatures? Not so here. The goblin in this movie is close to 7' tall and has the ability to teleport. When he's fully revealed in the final ten minutes he looks too-obviously CGI and Grade-B Pumpkinhead, but throughout most of the film he appears in a cool black-hooded robe, which somehow makes him more mysterious, gothic and eerie. The fact that he emits a horrible stench is an excellent touch.\r\n\r\nOne critic panned the film thusly: \"the reasoning behind the random killings is terrible. If the thing hunts babies why's it laying waste to random people with no babies? Totally retarded.\" Answer: The goblin's prime directive is to kill babies in light of the curse and because infants represent undefiled new life and potential. As for laying waste to random people, the old man clearly points out near the end that, because the goblin hunts babies, it sniffs out the scent of infants on any person who's been near one; hence, his attraction to the girls who were babysitting the baby, Nathan. The goblin is obviously a demon, a minion of the devil, do you think a demon is going to spare the life of anyone who gets in its way? What's the purpose of demons anyway? To \"kill, steal and destroy.\" Hence, the goblin was excited at the prospect of extra people to terrify and kill.\r\n\r\nOn the downside: Although the story takes place during Halloween, it's obviously summertime (look at the kid's clothes and the foliage, etc.). Also, the climax with the car and spear is rather eye-rolling. But these negatives are minor in view of the entire film.\r\n\r\nFINAL WORD: Make no mistake, despite being a TV movie, \"Goblin\" is a standout deep woods monster flick. The goblin is actually frightening and the protagonists are so believable and three-dimensional that you care about them, and are literally shocked when the monster tears them to pieces.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 32 minutes and was shot in Pitt Meadows, British Columbia.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A\r\n\r\n**ENDNOTE:** On another site a reviewer accused me of somehow being involved in the production of \"Goblin\" since I gave it a \"glowing review.\" The truth is I had nothing to do with this production or any other film production. I'm not in the business. I write reviews simply because I like to write and share my views. Secondly, I had no qualms about pointing out the film's (minor) flaws. Regardless, I stand by my review. I evaluate films according to what they are and aspire to be. No genre is beyond redemption or above contempt. In this case \"Goblin\" is low-budget TV monster flick and I rated it accordingly."}], "recommandations_id": [47436, 408149, 25574, 97636]}