{"tmdb_id": 70872, "title": "Le Satellite Myst\u00e9rieux", "original_title": "Uch\u00fbjin T\u00f4ky\u00f4 ni arawaru", "slug_title": "le-satellite-mysterieux", "date": "1956-01-29", "genre": ["Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Des ovnis attaquent Tokyo", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9BHCWqiDh3nOIFpGlugJWvnu6dc.jpg", "actors": ["Keiz\u00f4 Kawasaki (Dr. Toru Itsobe)", "Toyomi Karita (Hikari Aozora / Ginko)", "Bin Yagisawa (No. 2 Pairan)", "Sh\u00f4z\u00f4 Nanbu (The Elder Dr. Itsobe)", "Bontar\u00f4 Miake (Dr. Kamura)", "Mieko Nagai (Taeko Kamura)", "Kiyoko Hirai (Mrs. Matsuda)", "Isao Yamagata (Dr. Matsuda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Lately I find I have a special place in my heart for the Japanese disaster movie of days gone by. They are so much fun, and their filmmakers throw everything but the kitchen sink in, both so that there's something to please everybody and because they're frankly just so chock-full of bizarre yet interesting ideas. It seems like it would have been a great time to make movies there!\r\n\r\nI enjoyed this a lot, though many aspects weren't understandable to me, like why as the meteor got ever closer to Earth it got so incredibly hot. I can understand, since the Moon influences tides through its gravitational pulls, why there could have been flooding, but the impact on temperature...I suppose it's simply one of those aspects of watching pre-manned space flight science-fiction films in which you have to approach simply with fun and acceptance, and turn off your disbelief, to simply enjoy the ride. I have no problem with that approach for these films.\r\n\r\nCool ideas I really liked were the way one of the aliens altered its appearance so that the warning would be listened to, so that both worlds could be saved, and the concept that when a world crisis occurs, different countries and cultures--and various planets, for that matter--can sit down and work things out together, that all is not lost for civilization and its discontents in 2016. It's thoughts like that that help me sleep at night.\r\n\r\nThis would make a great double bill with 'Melancholia'."}], "recommandations_id": [70864, 27717, 47822], "youtube_key": "notfound"}