{"tmdb_id": 70942, "title": "Blood Oath", "original_title": "Blood Oath", "slug_title": "blood-oath", "date": "1990-07-26", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "4.3/10", "synopsis": "On an obscure Pacific Island just north of Australia, the Japanese Empire has operated a prisoner of war camp for Australian soldiers. At the close of World War II, the liberated POWs tell a gruesome tale of mass executions of over eight hundred persons as well as torture style killings of downed Australian airmen. In an attempt to bring those responsible to justice, the Australian Army establishes a War Crimes Tribunal to pass judgement on the Japanese men and officers who ran the Ambon camp. In an added twist, a high ranking Japanese admiral is implicated, and politics become involoved with justice as American authorities in Japan lobby for the Admiral's release. Written by Anthony Hughes", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uedLVn1CeSlqFwvZP8ic9AllcOv.jpg", "actors": ["Bryan Brown (Captain Cooper)", "George Takei (Vice-Admiral Baron Takahashi)", "Terry O'Quinn (Major Beckett)", "John Bach (Major Roberts)", "Toshi Shioya (Lt. Tanaka)", "Deborah Kara Unger (Sister Littell)", "John Polson (Private Jimmy Fenton)", "Russell Crowe (Lt. Corbett)", "Nicholas Eadie (Sgt. Keenan)", "Jason Donovan (Private Talbot)", "Tetsu Watanabe (Captain Ikeuchi)", "Sokyu Fujita (Mr. Matsugae)", "Ray Barrett (President of the Bench)", "Kazuhiro Muroyama (Lt. Noburo Kamura)", "John Clarke (Sheedy)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}