{"tmdb_id": 70981, "title": "Prometheus", "original_title": "Prometheus", "slug_title": "prometheus", "date": "2012-05-30", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Aventure / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Lorsqu'Elisabeth Shaw d\u00e9couvre un myst\u00e9rieux lien entre plusieurs artefacts au cours de ses recherches, elle est persuad\u00e9e qu'il s'agit d'un indice remettant en cause l'origine de l'humanit\u00e9 sur Terre. Une \u00e9quipe de scientifiques supervis\u00e9e par Meredith Vickers et l'andro\u00efde David se lance alors dans un voyage spatial fascinant aux confins de l'univers, vers un monde inconnu. L\u00e0-bas, un affrontement terrifiant qui d\u00e9cidera de l'avenir de l'humanit\u00e9 les attends...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ng8ALjSDhUmwLl7vtjUWIZNQSlt.jpg", "actors": ["Noomi Rapace (Dr. Elizabeth Shaw)", "Michael Fassbender (David)", "Charlize Theron (Meredith Vickers)", "Guy Pearce (Peter Weyland)", "Idris Elba (Janek)", "Logan Marshall-Green (Charlie Holloway)", "Lucy Hutchinson (Young Shaw)", "Sean Harris (Fifield)", "Rafe Spall (Millburn)", "Kate Dickie (Ford)", "Emun Elliott (Chance)", "Benedict Wong (Ravel)", "Patrick Wilson (Shaw's Father)", "Ian Whyte (Last Engineer)", "Branwell Donaghey (Mercenary 1)", "Vladimir Furdik (Mercenary 2)", "C.C. Smiff (Mercenary 3)", "Shane Steyn (Mercenary 4)", "John Lebar (Ghost Engineer)", "Anil Biltoo (Linguist Teacher)", "Giannina Facio (Shaw's Mother)", "James Embree (Mechanic)", "Robin Atkin Downes (Ship Computer Voice (voice))", "Louisa Staples (Greeting Message Violinist)", "Annie Penn (Ship Computer Voice (voice))", "Daniel James (Sacrifice Engineer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "The special effects are great, the scenery and photography is lovely but the film is as a whole a big disappointment. You would have thought that with such a budget they could have hired some guy to make a basic sanity check of the script but obviously that wasn\u2019t in the budget for this one. I do not know if a lot of Hollywood people are idiots or think the audience are idiots or both but for Christ sake, how difficult can it be to come up with a plot that holds together and are at least half believable?\r\n\r\nA trillion dollar expedition to discover the \u201cmakers of mankind\u201d and they put together a band of asocial morons for crew where not even the scientists among them seems to have met each other before the wake up millions of miles from Earth.\r\n\r\nAlmost everyone behaves in a completely unbelievable way. Yeah, it looks okay so let\u2019s remove the helmets for instance? Right, apart from the immediate danger to your own health, what about quarantine procedures\u2026idiots?\r\n\r\nWhy did the robot put the mutagen in the drink? It\u2019s just illogical and never really adequately explained. Speaking of robots, robots have a power source and it\u2019s not spread all over them. If you rip their head of they do not continue to talk like nothing had happened. In the original Alien they at least had to hook him up to something. It goes on. The entire film is just a jumble of illogical acts one after another. \r\n\r\nThen we have the ending. What a joke. Apart from the fact that Elizabeth\u2019s actions are just ridiculous, how does she expect to live on a alien ship without food or any other supplies?\r\n\r\nThis film had good promise. The idea of getting to know the origin of the aliens intrigued me and the basic plot idea was cool. However, the film was really ruined by a script obviously written by total morons."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Although this is not a great movie, I was positively surprised, given the tons of bad references I got from this movie.\r\n\r\nThe background story is interesting and the cast is quite decent. Theron and Elba played well but specially remarkable are Rapace and Fassbender.\r\n\r\nIn any case, it does have many flaws in the script. Several characters are stupid beyond comprehension, several things are completely unexplained, Pearce character is really bad and the crashing of the alien spaceship is just ridiculous, as it is the killing of Theron's character.\r\n\r\nIn any case, it doesn't leave a bad after taste and I am looking forward to the continuation of the story."}], "recommandations_id": [679, 59967, 348, 534], "youtube_key": "HHcHYisZFLU"}