{"tmdb_id": 7131, "title": "Van Helsing", "original_title": "Van Helsing", "slug_title": "van-helsing", "date": "2004-05-05", "genre": ["Horreur / Aventure / Action"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Au c\u0153ur des Carpates, il est un monde de l\u00e9gendes et de myst\u00e8res : la Transylvanie... Une terre o\u00f9 le mal r\u00e8gne en ma\u00eetre absolu, o\u00f9 le danger r\u00f4de d\u00e8s le coucher du soleil, o\u00f9 prennent corps les monstres qui hantent nos cauchemars les plus secrets. Van Helsing est un t\u00e9n\u00e9breux professeur et chasseur de monstres. Sa mission l'am\u00e8ne \u00e0 affronter de terribles \u00eatres, parmi lesquels le loup-garou, la cr\u00e9ature de Frankenstein ou encore le comte Dracula, qui, depuis des g\u00e9n\u00e9rations, pers\u00e9cute la famille de l'intr\u00e9pide et aristocratique Anna Valerious.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s2OPT5CZsZBQYAIlO9Mv4AimHvV.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Jackman (Van Helsing)", "Kate Beckinsale (Anna Valerious)", "Richard Roxburgh (Count Vladislaus Dracula)", "David Wenham (Carl)", "Shuler Hensley (Frankenstein's Monster)", "Elena Anaya (Aleera)", "Will Kemp (Velkan)", "Kevin J. O'Connor (Igor)", "Alun Armstrong (Cardinal Jinette)", "Silvia Colloca (Verona)", "Josie Maran (Marishka)", "Tom Fisher (Top Hat)", "Samuel West (Dr. Victor Frankenstein)", "Robbie Coltrane (Mr. Hyde (voice))", "Stephen Fisher (Dr. Jekyll)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Big Dumb Blockbuster Monster Fun***\r\n\r\nAlthough writer/director Stephen Sommers had an unexpected hit with 1999's \"The Mummy,\" he went overKILL with the 2001 sequel \"The Mummy Returns,\" a prime example of modern blockbuster dreck that's full of explosions and \"exciting\" things going on, but somehow is strangely boring. That's the problem with 2004's \"Van Helsing,\" although not as bad.\r\n\r\nTHE PLOT: In 1887 Van Helsing (Hugh Jackman) teams up with Anna (Kate Beckinsale) in Transylvania to fight Dracula, his three lovely but vicious brides, the Frankenstein monster, werewolves, vampire babies, etc.\r\n\r\nIt won't take long for the viewer to perceive that \"Van Helsing\" shouldn't be taken too seriously. It's a partial parody/homage of the classic Universal monster movies and part serious, just barely. Imagine \"Bram Stoker's Dracula\" (1992) with the over-the-top thrills of Indiana Jones and the flair of classic monster parodies like \u201cThe Vampire Happening\u201d (1971) or \"Young Frankenstein\u201d (1974) and you'd have a good approximation.\r\n\r\nThe film looks good, but there's too much CGI and some of the monsters look really cartoony, like Mr. Hyde and the werewolves. Others look quite good, like the flying vampire brides and Frankenstein's monster. As was the case with \"The Mummy Returns\" the film is strangely tedious despite all the manic happenings. Thankfully, there are worthy hints of depth, e.g. the Frankenstein monster and Anna. I wish there was more.\r\n\r\nSpeaking of Anna, Kate Beckinsale is definitely one of the highlights here as she looks stunning throughout in an amazing form-fitting costume and thigh-high boots seemingly appropriate for the late 1800s (speaking as someone who\u2019s not even a Beckinsale fan). Josie Maran and Elena Anaya are also striking as two of Dracula's wives, Marishka and Aleera. Needless to say, excellent job on the female front. On the other side of the spectrum, Jackman is a great, masculine leading man, perfect for the role. Richard Roxburgh (Dracula), David Wenham (Carl), Kevin J. O'Connor (Igor) and Shuler Hensley (Frankenstein\u2019s monster) are all entertaining or effective.  \r\n\r\nAt the end of the day, though, \"Van Helsing\" barely rises above the limitations of what it is: a big, dumb modern blockbuster with all its over-the-top trappings. Considering the $160 million thrown into it, it shoulda/coulda been better. The story needed time to breathe and less constant mania. The movie\u2019s also over-long at 2 hours and 11 minutes. Still, it's better than \"The Mummy Returns\" and there's enough here to make it worthwhile, if you're in the mood for this type of fare.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM WAS SHOT in the Czech Republic, Rome and Paris with studio work done in Southern Cal and Orlando, Florida.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [8698, 36648, 9334, 1734], "youtube_key": "MgEbcDuFANY"}