{"tmdb_id": 71469, "title": "The Darkest Hour", "original_title": "The Darkest Hour", "slug_title": "the-darkest-hour", "date": "2011-12-22", "genre": "Horreur / Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction", "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Sean et Ben sont \u00e0 Moscou pour affaires, confront\u00e9s \u00e0 un univers d\u2019argent et de pratiques sans scrupules. Natalie et Anne s\u2019y trouvent en escale involontaire alors qu\u2019elles avaient pr\u00e9vu de se rendre au N\u00e9pal. Les quatre jeunes gens se rencontrent par hasard dans la bo\u00eete de nuit la plus branch\u00e9e de la ville o\u00f9 ils croisent Skylar, un homme d\u2019affaires su\u00e9dois qui a arnaqu\u00e9 Sean et Ben. Ce haut lieu qui attire puissants et personnalit\u00e9s en vue bascule dans la terreur lorsque des aliens attaquent\u2026 Apr\u00e8s avoir v\u00e9cu terr\u00e9s quelques jours dans les sous-sols, les cinq survivants ressortent et d\u00e9couvrent une ville d\u00e9serte. Le monde semble immobile alors qu\u2019une force terrifiante et invisible les guette\u2026 S\u2019ils veulent avoir une chance de survivre, ils vont absolument devoir d\u00e9couvrir qui sont ces \u00eatres venus d\u2019ailleurs et ce qu\u2019ils veulent. C\u2019est \u00e0 ce prix qu\u2019ils pourront les combattre, s\u2019ils en sont capables\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8Pl0i1vzP5sItvkLdV5yU6UTjeE.jpg", "actors": ["Emile Hirsch (Sean)", "Rachael Taylor (Anne)", "Olivia Thirlby (Natalie)", "Joel Kinnaman (Skyler)", "Max Minghella (Ben)", "Veronika Ozerova (Vika)", "Dato Bakhtadze (Sergei)", "Yuriy Kutsenko (Matvei)", "Nikolay Efremov (Sasha)", "Georgiy Gromov (Boris)", "Artur Smolyaninov (Yuri)", "Anna Roudakova (Tess)", "Pyotr Fyodorov (Anton Batkin)", "Ivan Gromov (Bartender No. 1)", "Aleksandr Chernykh (Bartender No. 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When the electric mist from the sky struck down.**\r\n\r\nThis film came five years ago, but I watched it now. A US-Russian collaboration product that's entirely takes place in Moscow. This is an alien invasion theme, but slightly different than those similar films. It never gives the reason, just the destructions like apocalypse on its way. That means it is about the survival. A group of Americans who are in the Moscow for different reasons joins the hands after people started to turn into ashes with the contact of the strange electric mist that came from the sky. So what's their plan now and whether they get out of it safely or not focused on the remaining film.\r\n\r\nSurely some people would enjoy it. It's not all bad if you are not expecting a masterpiece. I should have seen it in digital 3D for a better experience, even the normal watch is not that bad. The turns in the story were unpredictable, particularly the film characters, but the twist wasn't. They kept the open ending, and you know why is that. I liked the performances, not individually, but the overall everyone, including the Russians.\r\n\r\nThe film was also shorter, which means fast moving tale. The graphics were okay, especially those electric mist thing, but disappointed for not show the aliens other than for fractions of seconds during the fightbacks. Despite enjoyed watching it, I'm not in favour of it, because it's just one of those films that falls in the average category where the majority of those who watched it not happy for not detailing everything in the film.\r\n\r\n_4/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [42684, 38321, 81796, 19901]}