{"tmdb_id": 71628, "title": "Roadkill", "original_title": "Roadkill", "slug_title": "roadkill", "date": "2011-04-23", "genre": ["Horreur / Action / Thriller / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "Six jeunes amis qui sont sur la route du road trip en Irlande se retrouvent maudits par des gitans pour avoir accidentellement renvers\u00e9 une femme et dissimul\u00e9 le corps dans la mer. La mal\u00e9diction prend la forme d'une b\u00eate terrifiante qui n'a aucun autre but que de les massacrer...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s99IyHwHa35fEHzj62AeoFHwNc9.jpg", "actors": ["Kacey Clarke (Kate)", "Stephen Rea (Seamus)", "Eliza Bennett (Hailey)", "Oliver James (Ryan)", "Ned Dennehy (Luca)", "Diarmuid Noyes (Chuck)", "Eve Macklin (Drina)", "Roisin Murphy (Anita)", "Kobna Holdbrook-Smith (Tommy)", "Keith Burke (Deputy)", "Stella McCusker (Fortune Teller)", "Colin Maher (Joel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sinbad and the Eye of The Roc.\r\n\r\nRoadkill is a telefilm directed by Johannes Roberts and written by Rick Suvalle. It stars Oliver James, Eliza Bennett, Kacey Barnfield, Ned Dennehy, Diarmuid Noyes, Roisin Murphy and\r\nEve Macklin. Music is by Ray Harman and cinematography by Peter Robertson.\r\n\r\nA bunch of young friends are travelling around Ireland in an RV when they stop off at a bric-a-brac store. Getting into a dispute with one of the crotchety shop inhabitants, the youths are forced to flee and knock down an old Romany lady with their RV. Whilst trying to aid the old woman, she gasps her last breaths whilst issuing a curse on all involved in her killing\u2026\r\n\r\nOnce in a while you stumble upon a telefilm that really entertains and holds you for its duration, sadly Roadkill is not one of them. Low expectations always help with these sort of productions, they are after all knocked up by aspiring directors who are just happy to have a film shown on the SyFy channel, but thee\u2019s not a lot to write home about here.\r\n\r\nIn its favour is the appearance of Ned Dennehy, who is always good value for a bit of scuzzy characterisation, and Stephen Rea even pops in for a cameo, but both actors are clearly slumming it and working for food. The group of handsome youngsters are the usual roll call of nice legs, nice cleavage, nice pecs, supplemented by the dim one, the annoying one who says dude a lot and etc, each to be picked off by a rather crummy CGI mythical beast from Sinbad lore.\r\n\r\nWill any of them survive? Just what is the secret of the medallion that Dennehy\u2019s dirty army are so keen to get back? The answers to these questions will of course provide the backbone of the story, leading to an unintentionally funny moment when \u201clead girl\u201d turns into Chuck Norris. The acting isn\u2019t awful and it\u2019s nice to have some genuine Irish countryside as the backdrop to a story set in Ireland, but it all comes off as pointless TV schedule filler. And unadventurous filler at that. 3/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40040, 235388, 16722, 408149], "youtube_key": "notfound"}