{"tmdb_id": 71679, "title": "Resident Evil\u00a0: Retribution", "original_title": "Resident Evil: Retribution", "slug_title": "resident-evil-retribution", "date": "2012-09-12", "genre": ["Action / Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Le terrifiant virus mis au point par Umbrella Corporation continue \u00e0 faire des ravages partout sur terre, transformant les populations en l\u00e9gions de morts-vivants affam\u00e9s de chair humaine. Alice, l\u2019ultime espoir de notre esp\u00e8ce, s\u2019\u00e9veille au c\u0153ur du plus secret des complexes industriels d\u2019Umbrella. Au gr\u00e9 de son exploration \u00e0 haut risque et de ses d\u00e9couvertes, les zones d\u2019ombre de sa vie s\u2019\u00e9clairent\u2026 Plus que jamais, Alice continue \u00e0 traquer les responsables de l\u2019atroce infection. De Tokyo \u00e0 New York, de Washington \u00e0 Moscou, elle les pourchasse jusqu\u2019\u00e0 la r\u00e9v\u00e9lation explosive qui va remettre en cause toutes ses certitudes. Avec l\u2019aide de nouveaux alli\u00e9s et d\u2019anciens amis, Alice va devoir se battre pour survivre dans un monde hostile, au bord du n\u00e9ant. Le compte \u00e0 rebours a commenc\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qRhi9UDgfstP9aIJTCoO9u13Q7t.jpg", "actors": ["Milla Jovovich (Alice)", "Sienna Guillory (Jill Valentine)", "Michelle Rodriguez (Rain Ocampo)", "Aryana Engineer (Becky)", "Li Bingbing (Ada Wong)", "Boris Kodjoe (Luther West)", "Johann Urb (Leon S. Kennedy)", "Robin Kasyanov (Sergei)", "Kevin Durand (Barry Burton)", "Ofilio Portillo (Tony)", "Oded Fehr (Todd / Carlos)", "Colin Salmon (James 'One' Shade)", "Shawn Roberts (Albert Wesker)", "Megan Charpentier (The Red Queen)", "Takato Yamashita (Japanese Businessman)", "Mika Nakashima (J Pop Girl)", "Ray Olubowale (The Axe Men)", "Spencer Locke (K-Mart (archive footage))", "Anna Bolt (Dr. Green (archive footage))", "Indra Ov\u00e9 (Ms. Black (archive footage))", "Heike Makatsch (Dr. Lisa Addison (archive footage))", "Sandrine Holt (Terri Morales (archive footage))", "Liz May Brice (Medic (archive footage))", "Thomas Kretschmann (Major Tom Caine (archive footage))", "Ali Larter (Claire Redfield (archive footage))", "Wentworth Miller (Chris Redfield (archive footage))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This movie is the 5th instalment in the Resident Evil series. Why would you want to watch this movie? Why would you want to watch any Resident Evil movie come to think about? Good acting\u2026nope. Intelligent and intriguing plot\u2026absolutely not. Zombies\u2026yep. Action\u2026most definitely yes! Anything else\u2026well if you\u2019re member of the younger part of the average male population you probably watch it for Milla Jovovich as well.\r\n\r\nNow that we have established the baseline for the movie, does this movie deliver? The answer to that is, without a doubt, YES! This film delivered exactly what I expected of it. As I mentioned it is the 5th movie in the series and the entire series is sprung from a video game in the first place so it should really be no surprise that the film is one long video game action sequence sporadically interrupted with some dialog. Yet a lot of people seems to expect something else and judges the movie by those expectations.\r\n\r\nI think those really low rating are quite unfair. The movie does indeed deliver what I think you should expect. A lot of the action scenes are marvellous. The slow motion scenes are well done and enjoyable unlike some movies where they are just annoying. The zombies and other monsters are good. And yes, I confess that, although I\u2019m hardly among the younger part f the mail audience anymore I do like watching Milla Jovovich jumping around in the scenes in those ridiculous skin tight suits.\r\n\r\nIf I should complain about anything it would be that I sat through half the movie being annoyed that nobody would get the, painfully obvious, idea to rip that red mind control gizmo off Jill\u2019s chest. When it was finally done in the end it was like \u201cdid you really have to take that long to get that idea into your head you dumb bastards\u201d.\r\n\r\nI cannot really give the movie a top rating since it does lack much of a story after all but I certainly think it is worth 7 out of 10 stars. I enjoyed myself a lot while watching it. The ending is the usual video-game-movie cliff-hanger and I really hope they make another sequel now when Alice got her powers back. That she lost those was one of the big downers for me in one of the previous movies in the franchise."}], "recommandations_id": [35791, 7737, 1577, 1576], "youtube_key": "hoyMT-7wEqs"}