{"tmdb_id": 71676, "title": "Ghost Rider : L'Esprit de vengeance", "original_title": "Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance", "slug_title": "ghost-rider-l-esprit-de-vengeance", "date": "2011-12-10", "genre": "Action / Fantastique / Thriller", "score": "4.8/10", "synopsis": "Danny, jeune gar\u00e7on porteur d\u2019une proph\u00e9tie, suscite la convoitise de Roarke, un homme myst\u00e9rieux poss\u00e9dant de grands pouvoirs. On fait alors appel \u00e0 Johnny Blaze pour se lancer \u00e0 la recherche de l\u2019enfant en lui proposant comme r\u00e9compense de le lib\u00e9rer de son alter ego, le Ghost Rider.  Pouss\u00e9 par le d\u00e9sir de lever sa mal\u00e9diction et celui de sauver le gar\u00e7on, le Rider parviendra-t-il \u00e0 s\u2019affranchir de la menace de Roarke ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sGHtKgKxW7bpAN8CNwfakstveIm.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Johnny Blaze / Ghost Rider)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (Roarke / The Devil)", "Violante Placido (Nadya)", "Fergus Riordan (Danny)", "Johnny Whitworth (Ray Carrigan / Blackout)", "Christopher Lambert (Methodius)", "Idris Elba (Moreau)", "Anthony Stewart Head (Benedict)", "Spencer Wilding (Grannik)", "Jacek Koman (Terrokov)", "Vincent Regan (Toma Nikasevic)", "Sorin Tofan (Kurdish)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "**Loved the first Ghost Rider, this one was TERRIBLE**\r\n\r\nTo be honest, i was really looking forward to see this movie, the trailer itself was eye-candy and highly exaggerated.The story is as bad as the actors' performance. Nicholas Cage is going a very , very bad road, his lasts movies , ''season of the witch'' and ''drive angry'' were as thin and dreadful as this one. The action in this movie was unjustified and plain crazy bad, the way ''Blaze'' was written, the laughable dialogues and dumb facial expression of Cage didn't helped at all. The 3D effect on this movie is overrated, everything is too much and fake. Idris Elba was probably the only reason why i went to watch this but even then his role was thin and futile, On the whole, it's messy , funny and plain bad, i pray to god there is not a third one"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Christ what kind of bum did they get to write and/or produce this one.\r\n\r\nI really, really liked the first Ghost Rider movie. This one is nowhere near that one. Sure, Nicolas Cage is doing Johnny Blaze again and they even got Christopher Lambert to play an old priest but the movie is just poorly implemented. The Ghost Rider is actually not really appearing that much and when he does, the special effects look cheap and not at all as cool as in the first movie.\r\n\r\nIt doesn\u2019t help that, when he first appears in the movie, he gets shot down by a simple \u201chuman\u201d gun and ends up in hospital. This nonsense about, first trying to hide out in some obscure place a \u2019la The Hulk (been there done that), and then trying to get rid of his powers and afterwards taking on Satan without them is just ruining the fun. The film totally lacks the spirit of the first one.\r\n\r\nAs I said, I\u2019m rather disappointed. It\u2019s really a shame that they screwed this one so badly because now we probably won\u2019t get another one even though they made a lame attempt at the end of the film to leave a door open for that."}], "recommandations_id": [1250, 57165, 1979, 1735]}