{"tmdb_id": 71839, "title": "La lune \u00e9tait bleue", "original_title": "The Moon Is Blue", "slug_title": "la-lune-etait-bleue", "date": "1953-07-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Sur la terrasse de l'Empire State Building, Don Gresham, un architecte talentueux, fait la connaissance d'une jeune actrice deluree, Patty O'Neill. Seduit, il l'invite a diner chez lui, ce qu'elle accepte. Ils se rendent chez lui et Patty propose de cuisiner elle-meme. L'arrivee de l'ex-fiancee de Don, Cynthia, accompagnee de son pere David, ainsi que du propre pere de Patty, ne trouble en rien la folle ingenue. Ils acceptent son invitation a diner. Un leger incident pendant le repas oblige Patty a changer de robe. Pendant ce temps, David demande Patty en mariage.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zBolCpI0MwpVKEK1gF7GD94Fc3E.jpg", "actors": ["David Niven (David Slater)", "William Holden (Donald Gresham)", "Maggie McNamara (Patty O'Neill)", "Tom Tully (Michael O'Neill)", "Dawn Addams (Cynthia Slater)", "Fortunio Bonanova (Artiste de t\u00e9l\u00e9vision)", "Gregory Ratoff (Chauffeur de taxi)", "Hardy Kr\u00fcger (Tourist)", "Johannes Heesters (Tourist)", "Johanna Matz (Tourist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Drink to Me Only with Thine Eyes.\r\n\r\nThe Moon is Blue is one of those olde rom-coms that nowadays has the ability to baffle us as to how it caused such ripples in the movie world back in the day. But ripples it did stir, and all told it's a pretty effective study of manners, etiquette and sexual understandings.\r\n\r\nDirected by Otto Preminger and based on F. Hugh Herbert's cheeky play of the film's title, it stars William Holden, David Niven and Maggie McNamara. Plot essentially revolves around McNamara holding onto her virginity as the male predators close in. If she holds firm she will of course snare the man she is meant to be with.\r\n\r\nIt's a bit talky and too mired in its stage origins at times, but there's a waspish deliberation about the humour that holds attention and the performances, in conjunction with Preminger's agile camera techniques, are well worth investment.\r\n\r\nMore curio than essential cinema, but enjoyable and rich with characterisations of worth. 7/10\r\nThe Moon is Blue is one of those olde rom-coms that nowadays has the ability to baffle us as to how it caused such ripples in the movie world back in the day. But ripples it did stir, and all told it's a pretty effective study of manners, etiquette and sexual understandings.\r\n\r\nDirected by Otto Preminger and based on F. Hugh Herbert's cheeky play of the film's title, it stars William Holden, David Niven and Maggie McNamara. Plot essentially revolves around McNamara holding onto her virginity as the male predators close in. If she holds firm she will of course snare the man she is meant to be with.\r\n\r\nIt's a bit talky and too mired in its stage origins at times, but there's a waspish deliberation about the humour that holds attention and the performances, in conjunction with Preminger's agile camera techniques, are well worth investment.\r\n\r\nMore curio than essential cinema, but enjoyable and rich with characterisations of worth. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37086, 99674, 109258, 114790], "youtube_key": "SdCsHItDcWo"}