{"tmdb_id": 71944, "title": "How Awful About Allan", "original_title": "How Awful About Allan", "slug_title": "how-awful-about-allan", "date": "1970-09-22", "genre": "Thriller / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2wOQEUF6KUmCOMaDgAPJn6co8PW.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Perkins (Allan)", "Julie Harris (Katherine)", "Joan Hackett (Olive)", "Kent Smith (Raymond)", "Robert H. Harris (Dr. Ellins)", "Molly Dodd (Inmate)", "Billy Bowles (Harold Dennis)", "Trent Dolan (Eric)", "Bill Erwin (Dr. Ames)", "Jeannette Howe (Katherine - Child)", "Kenneth Lawrence (Allan - Child)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Pretty decent moody, intense, creepy psychological thriller with two of my favourite thespians in that department--Anthony Perkins and Julie Harris. It's a tad claustrophobic and difficult to get into at the start, because of this aforementioned intensity, but if you stick with it, it's quite intrinsically rewarding and definitely not a late-night waste of 90 minutes.\r\n\r\nWhen Perkins' 'Allan' picks up a picture and says, 'Mother,' I couldn't help but smile. What an interesting and ill-fated actor."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I had previously read about director Curtis Harrington in Barron's excellent book for cinephiles, '501 Movie Directors', though I had unfortunately not been able to find any of his films before this. He definitely has fine technique for getting across moodiness and suspense, at least in this type of film. Hopefully I'll eventually find and watch all of his work.\r\n\r\n'How Awful About Allan' is a pretty decent moody, intense, creepy psychological thriller with two of my favourite thespians in that department--Anthony Perkins and Julie Harris. It's a tad claustrophobic and difficult to get into at the start, because of this aforementioned intensity, but if you stick with it, it's quite intrinsically rewarding and definitely not a late-night waste of 90 minutes. \r\n\r\nWhen Perkins' 'Allan' picks up a picture and says, 'Mother,' I couldn't help but smile. What an interesting and ill-fated actor."}], "recommandations_id": []}