{"tmdb_id": 72163, "title": "Le grand Bill", "original_title": "Along Came Jones", "slug_title": "le-grand-bill", "date": "1945-07-19", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Western / Romance", "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "A peine arriv\u00e9 en ville, le paisible cow-boy Melody Jones est pris pour le dangereux Monte Jarrad, un hors-la-loi qui s\u00e8me la terreur dans la r\u00e9gion. Mais la supercherie est vite d\u00e9couverte et Jones doit affronter Jarrad.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hXC5a2QFT5Noh2axuUzDHEwW7kK.jpg", "actors": ["Gary Cooper (Melody Jones)", "Loretta Young (Cherry de Longpre)", "William Demarest (George Fury)", "Dan Duryea (Monte Jarrad)", "Frank Sully (Avery de Longpre)", "Don Costello (Leo Gledhill)", "Walter Sande (Ira Waggoner)", "Russell Simpson (Pop de Longpre)", "Arthur Loft (Sheriff)", "Willard Robertson (Luke Packard)", "Ray Teal (Kriendler)", "Lane Chandler (Boone)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Like I told your friend, never turn your back on anything... especially a girl!\r\n\r\nAlong Came Jones is directed by Stuart Heisler and adapted to screenplay by Nunnally Johnson from the Alan Le May novel The Useless Cowboy. It stars Gary Cooper, Loretta Young, Dan Duryea and William Demarest. Music is by Arthur Lange and cinematography by Milton R. Krasner.\r\n\r\nMild mannered Melody Jones (Cooper) and his friend George Fury (Demarest) wander into the town of Payneville. Because of the saddle on his horse having the initials M J, Jones is mistaken for being wanted outlaw Monte Jarrad (Duryea), something which brings him into conflict with the townsfolk - and Jarrad himself!\r\n\r\nMonte Jarrad. Tall and skinny, mean tempered and extra fast with a gun - travels with half-wit uncle called Uncle Roscoe something.\r\n\r\nCooper for the first time enters the realm of producer and delivers a sly spoof of the Western genre that served him so well. Cooper as Jones is happy to laugh at himself, portraying him as an amiable buffoon. Initially it's not easy to accept such a laconic and mighty presence as being such a character, but Cooper quickly draws you in. Cooper is aided by professional turns from Young, Duryea and Demarest, who in turn get a sprightly script of fun dialogue to work from - which in a film of much chatter is crucial to make it work.\r\n\r\nElsewhere, what action scenes are forthcoming are moderately staged and Krasner's black and white photography is gorgeous in print form, but the locales and set designs just sort of sit there waiting to be elevated. The budget restriction in place is annoying, where we should have sweep and out of studio airiness, we instead have cheap tricks and crude back projection, this cast deserves better production value. Plotting is also thin and formulaic, the screenplay and Heisler's direction playing safe and not doing justice to the satirical beats trying to be heard.\r\n\r\nIt's fun and charming enough to be worth time spent on viewing, and Cooper and co are good company, but it should have been better and had better care afforded it from a technical standpoint. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 145966, 99886, 43448]}