{"tmdb_id": 72190, "title": "World War Z", "original_title": "World War Z", "slug_title": "world-war-z", "date": "2013-06-20", "genre": "Action / Drame / Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Gerry Lane se lance dans une course contre la montre pour aider le monde \u00e0 surmonter ses divisions et faire face \u00e0 l'apocalypse. Dans tous les pays, par tous les moyens, chacun devra se battre car l'humanit\u00e9 n'aura plus qu'un seul espoir de survie : la guerre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cOWcEXqfrkVBzYTeARow69LCY6C.jpg", "actors": ["Brad Pitt (Gerry Lane)", "Mireille Enos (Karen Lane)", "Abigail Hargrove (Rachel Lane)", "Sterling Jerins (Constance Lane)", "James Badge Dale (Captain Speke)", "Elyes Gabel (Andrew Fassbach)", "David Andrews (Navy Captain Mullenaro)", "Daniella Kertesz (Segen)", "Ludi Boeken (Jurgen Warmbrunn)", "Fana Mokoena (Thierry Umutoni)", "Fabrizio Guido (Tomas)", "David Morse (Ex-CIA Agent)", "Matthew Fox (Parajumper)", "Peter Capaldi (W.H.O. Doctor)", "Moritz Bleibtreu (W.H.O. Doctor)", "Ruth Negga (W.H.O. Doctor)", "Pierfrancesco Favino (WHO Doctor)", "Konstantin Khabenskiy (Russian Fighter)", "Troy Glasgow (Argus Sailor)", "Nick Bartlett (Market Attacker)", "Julia Levy-Boeken (Israeli Camp Refugee)", "Ann Ogbomo (Camp Humphrey's Soldier)", "Lee Nicholas Harris (Camp Humphrey's Soldier)", "Michiel Huisman (Ellis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Dan_Tebasco", "content": "**Put's the Zzz in Zombie**\r\n\r\nFirst time I saw it 3 odd years ago I was not impressed.\r\n\r\nDecided to give it another go though today, which I wish I hadn't cause it was even worse and more dull than I remember.\r\n\r\nNow when I say dull I don't necessarily mean that it lacks action (it has a bunch of scenes with action, and being that these zombies run superfast unlike the typical zombies in film and series perhaps even a bit more than the average) but lack of interesting characters or good actors and any sort of originality in script makes it a tired ride.\r\n\r\nBrad Pitt is not necessarily a great actor but he seriously did his most barebones performance here, you were just on the run from zombies with cars flying over and all kinds of stuff but you barely show any sort of emotion? Borderline Steven Segal territory ocassionally, or at the very least Jean Claude Van Damme... But without the fighting skills.\r\n\r\nSo yeah not an impressive film."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "As with most zombie movies the plot is rather contrived and unbelievable (even if you accept the existence of zombies) but if you want to watch zombie movies in the first place that is something that you are supposed to be immune to.\n\nThis is another variant of zombies being created by some virus and rapidly taking over most of the planet. As I said, the entire story is somewhat unbelievable. When I first read about zombies as a kid there was always some supernatural/magic stuff involved. I think I liked that \u201cexplanation\u201d much better than the virus nonsense which just have too many holes in it. For example there is no way a virus could make human bodies roam around aimlessly inside a sterile laboratory for days without nutrition. Well, as I said, it is a zombie movie so one just have to get over these little issues.\n\nAs an action movie with zombies as the main adversary it is a fairly good movie. The action is solid, the special effects okay and the entire movie continues at a reasonably brisk pace. Pitt is also doing a decent job of his role. There are few of the other actors that are very memorable though. The scenes where the zombies pile onto each other to scale walls and even reach choppers are rather cool. The movie is not very gory for being a zombie movie. Whether that is a good thing or not depends on the viewer I guess. Personally I do not mind some gory stuff in zombie movies.\n\nThere are a few annoying parts which Hollywood always seem to have to throw in. For example, the world is on the brink of the apocalypse and Lane and his wife just doesn\u2019t want to get involved. What the f\u2026? Also why do people always let their kids wander away in situations where they really should keep track of them? Not to mention how clumsy people always get when they have to sneak around and be silent. These things are just annoying.\n\nAnyway, this movie fulfils its purpose as two hours of action-filled but not too intelligent entertainment quite well."}], "recommandations_id": [68724, 68726, 75612, 124905]}