{"tmdb_id": 7219, "title": "L'Enfer des zombies", "original_title": "Zombi 2", "slug_title": "l-enfer-des-zombies", "date": "1979-08-25", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un navire accoste au port de New York sans \u00e2me qui vive, \u00e0 l'exception d'un zombie qui attaque deux des Gardes c\u00f4tes. La fille du propri\u00e9taire du bateau, Anne Bowles, interroge les policiers pr\u00e9sents sur la sc\u00e8ne du crime afin d'obtenir des informations sur son p\u00e8re, qui se trouvait aux Antilles. Avec l'aide du journaliste Peter West, ils d\u00e9cident d'aller enqu\u00eater sur place. Ils se rendent sur l'\u00eele de Matu avec Brian Hull et Susan Barrett. Ils y rencontrent le docteur David Menard, qui tente d'inventer un rem\u00e8de contre une maladie qui ram\u00e8ne les morts \u00e0 la vie, les changeant en zombies cannibales.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wew8A4gTZEhSRKCBAmziFFK6gGi.jpg", "actors": ["Tisa Farrow (Anne Bowles)", "Ian McCulloch (Peter West)", "Richard Johnson (Dr. David Menard)", "Olga Karlatos (Paola Menard)", "Al Cliver (Brian Hull)", "Auretta Gay (Susan Barrett)", "Stefania D'Amario (Menard's Nurse)", "Ugo Bologna (Ann's Father (uncredited))", "Omero Capanna (Zombie (uncredited))", "Lucio Fulci (Newspaper Editor (uncredited))", "Franco Fantasia (Matthias (uncredited))", "Captain Haggerty (Boat Zombie (uncredited))", "Ottaviano Dell'Acqua (Worm-Eye Zombie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fulci\u2019s Feral Food Feast.\r\n \r\nBeing of a \u201ccertain\u201d age and being British, I was firmly around at the time of the ridiculous \u201cvideo nasty\u201d mania that swept the UK in the early 1980s. Films that usually involved cannibals, either ferox, holocaust or zombified, and torture porn revengers et al, were banned, prosecuted or given a Viking burial at sea. One such film was Zombie Flesh Eaters (the best title the film has of the few it is known by), it became like the Holy Grail of video nasties, where to see it uncut would be like witnessing the last miracle performed by Christ. I never did get to see it back then, and as my horror leanings waned over the years I let it drift from my conscious. But now I\u2019m here in my middle age and finding a new appetite for horror, I have finally managed to see the fabled shocker from Lucio Fulci.\r\n \r\nIn many ways it\u2019s a disappointment, I mean I understand that to view it now is never going to impact in the way that it did (could) in 1979, but casting aside for a moment the gore scenes, which I will get to, it\u2019s a bad film awash with badness, and not in a horror bad ass way. Much like the other Fulci film I viewed recently, The House By The Cemetery, ZFE is a series of blood and guts scenes strung together by amateurish filler. Be it bad acting, bad dubbing, hopeless dialogue and half hearted attempts at something cranial. However, if judging this particular Fulci film on its key horror scenes? Then it\u2019s got brains, imagination and style to burn. Marking it out as by definition a mixed bag genius disaster!\r\n \r\nThe zombies themselves are brilliant creations, all dripping with rotting flesh, caked in earth and having mother nature\u2019s insect creatures wriggling around their ravaged bodies. They shuffle along in classic Romero mode, and feast on flesh with carefree abandon. They are also perpetrators of some of zombie cinema\u2019s best moments, such as fighting a shark on the ocean bed, pulling a hapless female victim onto a wooden splinter \u2013 eye first! And one scene where they collectively rise slowly from the earth is atmospherically as creepy as it is stunning in its execution. It is these things that of course helped to make it a legendary part of the Italian Exploitation era, and it\u2019s these things that make it watchable still today, but let it not be said there is anything else worthwhile, because the rest is simply awful. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [24920, 19204, 28794, 14029], "youtube_key": "2UYvhyzugtA"}