{"tmdb_id": 72237, "title": "Monster Night", "original_title": "Monster Night", "slug_title": "monster-night", "date": "2006-07-11", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6BYYiHYGeLFuoraDugx2NUbyNOc.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Carradine (George Ackerman)", "Vanessa Angel (Claire Ackerman)", "Jake Thomas (Isaac Akerman)", "Taylor Dooley (Dana Ackerman)", "Matthew Lawrence (Brock)", "Joss Saltzman (Vincent Ackerman)", "Phill Lewis (Carlton)", "Alan Rachins (Professor Skuttlebutt)", "Nikki Griffin (Jessica Jones)", "Jonny Vincent (J.J.)", "Marcelle Larice (Miss Mammajamma)", "Jamal Duff (Coach Tiny)", "Bob Thomas (Dean)", "Musetta Vander (Morticia)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***\"Monster Night\" delivers...***  \r\n\r\n...if you're in the mood for a \"spooktacular\" Goosebumps-like horror film that's fun & silly and not scary at all. It's like Scooby-Doo but without the dog or \u201cCasper\u201d (1995), but without the goofy ghosts and blockbuster budget. \r\n\r\nReleased to video in 2006, the story has to do with a family who moves to a castle-like home in a new town, which turns out to be haunted and somehow linked to the creepy local school. When the parents (Robert Carradine and Vanessa Angel) go out for the evening the three kids have a Halloween party and the younger brother goes missing. To find him, the two older siblings team-up with the top jock of the school and his girlfriend; misadventures ensue.\r\n\r\nThe requirements of a film like this are obvious: A good assortment of youthful protagonists, from kids to late-teens? Check. An equally good cast of adults? Check. A quasi-horror ambiance? Check. A fun, silly spirit? Check. Corny, but amusing humor? Check. A simple story with a sense of adventure? Check. An assortment of good-lookin' women, young and older? Check. An energetic and rockin' soundtrack? Check. A runtime that doesn't overstay its welcome (like the Pirates of the Caribbean films)? Check.\r\n\r\nNuff said.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [78552, 18392]}