{"tmdb_id": 72431, "title": "Red Tails", "original_title": "Red Tails", "slug_title": "red-tails", "date": "2012-01-19", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Aventure / Histoire / Guerre"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Durant la deuxi\u00e8me Guerre Mondiale, un groupe de jeunes noirs est recrut\u00e9 pour former le premier escadron a\u00e9rien noir de l'arm\u00e9e am\u00e9ricaine. Surnomm\u00e9s les \"queues rouges\" en raison de la peinture distinctive de leurs chasseurs, ils durent affronter les pr\u00e9jug\u00e9s de l'\u00e9poque et se distinguer par leurs \u00e9tats de services pour exister.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/Atq5js5fbsu5EXubZRizWaSXoBJ.jpg", "actors": ["Bryan Cranston (Colonel William Mortamus)", "David Oyelowo (Joe 'Lightning' Little)", "Cuba Gooding Jr. (Major Emanuelle Stance)", "Daniela Ruah (Sofia)", "Terrence Howard (Col. A.J. Bullard)", "Andre Royo (Antwan 'Coffee' Coleman)", "Robert Kazinsky (Chester)", "Lee Tergesen (Colonel Jack Tomlinson)", "Matthew Leitch (Lt. David Long)", "Michael B. Jordan (Maurice Wilson)", "Method Man (Sticks)", "Gerald McRaney (Lieutenant General Luntz)", "Matthew Marsh (Brigadier General Hauser)", "Barnaby Kay (Commanding General Westlake)", "Chris Riedell (Bomber Navigator)", "Leslie Odom Jr. (Declan 'Winky' Hall)", "Nate Parker (Marty Julian)", "Marcus T. Paulk (David 'Deke' Watkins)", "Kevin Phillips (Leon 'Neon' Edwards)", "Paul Fox (Miller)", "Lars van Riesen (Pretty Boy)", "David Gyasi (Corporal)", "Josh Dallas (Ryan)", "Okezie Morro (Jammer)", "Aml Ameen (Bag 'O Bones)", "Nathaniel Martello-White (Command Officer)", "Anthony Welsh (St. Lou)", "Rick Otto (Flynt)", "Rupert Penry-Jones (Campbell)", "Ryan Early (Bryce)", "Brian Gross (Lt. White)", "Ciar\u00e1n McMenamin (Lowe)", "Matthew Alan (Pool Player)", "Michael Dixon (Lead Bomber Gunner)", "Paul Hampshire (German Ground Soldier)", "Leon Ockenden (Co-Pilot)", "Dan Hirst (German Ground Soldier)", "Mark Doerr (German POW Camp Commander)", "Richard Conti (German Guard)", "Philip Bulcock (Mission Captain)", "Dave Power (Prisoner 1)", "Sam Daly (Prisoner 2)", "Justin Irving (Air Controller)", "Tina D'Marco (Sofia's Mother)", "Jaime King (Axis Mary (voice))", "Sam Kennard (Pilot Ben)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that I was a wee bit disappointed in this movie. I felt it was surprisingly mediocre and very \u201cHollywood\u201d.\r\n\r\nThe good parts are the flight scenes and the special effects. They are enjoyable to watch and reasonably well done. However, that is pretty much what makes up this movie in terms of enjoyment.\r\n\r\nI would say that a lot of it is not very realistic. The German anti-aircraft guns seems to be next to useless most of the time for instance. Also, there is the scene where a single P51, armed with nothing but machine guns, takes out an armed German warship in two quick runs. That felt quite unrealistic.\r\n\r\nA lot of the film also felt too much like some Hollywood drama. Some of the pilots behave like morons and in real life they would have been shot down rather quickly. The alcohol problems and the romance seems to have been thrown in just to appeal to the American soap-opera viewers. The entire movie is very shallow and if it was not for the budget and special effects it could very well have been a TV-movie.\r\n\r\nMost of this movie I was yawning in my seat and waking up only when the flight action started so that I could watch the special effects."}], "recommandations_id": [75674, 12651, 75622, 76489], "youtube_key": "NVq6Xr5fcfk"}