{"tmdb_id": 72465, "title": "\u00c9l\u00e8ve libre", "original_title": "\u00c9l\u00e8ve libre", "slug_title": "eleve-libre", "date": "2008-11-11", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Jonas, seize ans, vit un nouvel \u00e9chec scolaire et pense pouvoir tout miser sur le tennis, mais il \u00e9choue aux portes de la s\u00e9lection nationale. Il rencontre Pierre, un trentenaire, qui touch\u00e9 par sa situation, va le prendre en charge. Fort de ce lien privil\u00e9gi\u00e9, Jonas abandonne l'\u00e9cole publique. Incapable de fixer les limites de cette relation, l'\u00e9ducation va d\u00e9passer le cadre purement scolaire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4ccnHULGXhMVgf9ecSR6RHMsEpP.jpg", "actors": ["Jonas Bloquet (Jonas)", "Jonathan Zacca\u00ef (Pierre)", "Yannick Renier (Didier)", "Claire Bodson (Nathalie)", "Pauline \u00c9tienne (Delphine)", "Anne Coesens (Pascale)", "Johan Leysen (Serge)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "sam", "content": "A movie that pushes the boundaries and explores inter-generational sex and how an older man can take advantage of a horny teen.  The adolescent is about to flunk out of school, primarily due to his focusing on improving his tennis game to move up to the pro ranks.\r\nHe contracts with a tutor to help him get his secondary degree.  As part of the deal he moves into the man's apartment and does light house keeping.  The older man watches the teen masturbate and sets up various scenarios that lead to oral sex.  The young man is having unsatisfactory sex with his girl friend and she eventually leaves him.  After a few parties and some heavy drinking, the tutor sodomizes the teen making that sex act part of the learning process.  As normal with French movies, there is sex, nudity and lots of dialog."}], "recommandations_id": [79782, 33417, 73132], "youtube_key": "ksm_2Xn7Lms"}