{"tmdb_id": 72460, "title": "La Loi selon Harry", "original_title": "Harry in Your Pocket", "slug_title": "la-loi-selon-harry", "date": "1973-09-23", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Crime / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Harry et Casey sont des pickpockets professionels. Ray, d\u00e9butant dans le m\u00e9tier, se lie d'affection \u00e0 Sandy, jeune femme \u00e0 laquelle il tente sans succ\u00e8s de lui d\u00e9rober une montre. Fortuitement, Ray et Sandy s'associent \u00e0 Harry et Casey. Bient\u00f4t Sandy se lasse de la vie qu'elle m\u00e8ne. Ray quant \u00e0 lui, d\u00e9cide de renoncer \u00e0 sa carri\u00e8re, non sans avoir pr\u00e9alablement organis\u00e9 un dernier grand coup...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vV0oJgw6ZOQQ0qrBsfRP2eXHBbp.jpg", "actors": ["James Coburn (Harry)", "Michael Sarrazin (Ray Haulihan)", "Trish Van Devere (Sandy Coletto)", "Walter Pidgeon (Casey)", "Michael C. Gwynne (Fence)", "Tony Giorgio (1st Detective)", "Michael Stearns (2nd Detective)", "Susan Mullen (Francine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "viciouslollipop", "content": "Great 70's flick...\r\n\r\nI caught this movie last night on TCM while channel-surfing around...I have always been a big fan of James Coburn and had never seen this(I was born the year, 1973,before it came out). It was a really neat little flick about pickpockets from different generations working together...it is almost like a time capsule watching the places, fashions, and particulars from that era. The story was engaging and it was well-shot;the acting was also good from all four principals(Coburn, Pidgeon, Sarrazin, and Van de Vere). I tend to agree with several of the posters in that this movie probably could not be made today, or it would be a direct to video affair. Character studies and dialogue driven movies are almost niche films by some of todays standards. All in all, if you are a film fan it is definitely worth checking out(if just for the contrasts in styles from the mid 60's/late 70's to today:)"}], "recommandations_id": [32034, 97313, 196784, 127688], "youtube_key": "notfound"}