{"tmdb_id": 72472, "title": "Les Conqu\u00e9rants De Carson City", "original_title": "Carson City", "slug_title": "les-conquerants-de-carson-city", "date": "1952-06-13", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "Un homme tente d'\u00e9tablir une voie ferr\u00e9e entre Carson City et Virginia City. Mais il doit combattre ses opposants, mais aussi ses propres ouvriers ainsi que son beau-fr\u00e8re, qui n'h\u00e9site \u00e0 lui mettre des b\u00e2tons dans les roues.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g9Dpe7I3JOCgkWn47tshUbM4mj0.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Silent Jeff Kincaid)", "Lucille Norman (Susan Mitchell)", "Raymond Massey (Big Jack Davis)", "Richard Webb (Alan Kincaid)", "James Millican (Jim Squires)", "Larry Keating (William Sharon)", "George Cleveland (Henry Dodson)", "William Haade (Hardrock Haggerty)", "Don Beddoe (Charles Crocker)", "Thurston Hall (Charles Crocker)", "Vince Barnett (Henry)", "Ida Moore (Stagecoach Passenger)", "Sarah Edwards (Stagecoach Passenger)", "Iris Adrian (Saloon Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Proposed Railroad Is Threat To Carson City.\r\n\r\nCarson City is directed by Andr\u00e9 De Toth and written by Sloan Nibley and Winston Miller. It stars Randolph Scott, Lucille Norman, Raymond Massey, Richard Webb and James Millican. Music is scored by David Buttolph and cinematography by John Boyle. Plot finds Scott as engineer Jeff Kincaid, who clashes with bandits and town locals when he is hired to build a new rail track through Carson City.\r\n\r\nBased in Nevada but filmed in Bronson Canyon in California, Carson City is routine stuff that still manages to come out in credit by the end. Story is set up around the building of the railroad between Carson City and Virginia, Scott and his rugged band of engineers have their work cut out in more ways than one. When a major player who is opposed to the railroad is murdered, it's no surprise who is going to get the blame. Cue dastardly goings on, sabotage, heroics and much macho posturing. In the mix is a love interest for Randolph, courtesy of a lifeless Lucille Norman, but naturally the trajectory of true love is not straightforward.\r\n\r\nRailroad Workers Terrorise Town!\r\n\r\nDe Toth came on board late in production after Michael Curtiz baulked at trying the new Warnercolor process (this was the first film to use the process). De Toth went on record to say he only did the film for the money, but he gets much entertainment from a pretty standard script. Action quota is high, with exploding rocks, wagon over a cliff, stagecoach heist, train robbery, saloon brawls and great drama garnered out of a landslide/rescue passage of play. For Scott fans it's a pleasurable watch as it finds him in typically upright and stoic form, in fact the first time we see him he is indulging in a good old knuckle fight. Though asking us to accept his romance with Norman when there is 20 years between the two actors is a bit of a stretch.\r\n\r\nThe scenery is pleasing yet the Warnercolor is as lifeless as Norman's performance, but the print of the film is in good shape and as long as Western fans prepare for standard formula dressed up nicely, then they should enjoy it well enough. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [77668, 99886, 37593, 233795], "youtube_key": "notfound"}