{"tmdb_id": 72475, "title": "The Story of Molly X", "original_title": "The Story of Molly X", "slug_title": "the-story-of-molly-x", "date": "1949-11-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "Molly's husband Rick was a gang leader somewhere in the middle west. When he's shot, the tough woman moves to S.F. with a couple of the gang to start anew. Disguised as a noble woman, she and her gang rob security transports. But when one day Rob confesses to her that he killed Rick out of jealousy, she shoots him down immediately. In lack of proof she can't be convicted for the murder, but she goes to jail for the robberies. It's a new and very open female prison, where she learns a profession for the first time in her life.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u83vo6Cb1y2neUg4tpwbyadiNWW.jpg", "actors": ["June Havoc (Molly X)", "John Russell (Cash Brady)", "Dorothy Hart (Anne)", "Connie Gilchrist (Dawn)", "Cathy Lewis (Jan)", "Sara Berner (Amy - A Con)", "Sandra Gould (Vera)", "Katherine Warren (Norma Calvert (as Katharine Warren))", "Charles McGraw (Capt. Breen)", "Elliott Lewis (Rod Markle)", "Wally Maher (Chris Renbow)", "Robert Anderson (Prosecutor)", "Eleanor Audley (Parole Board Member)", "Paul Bryar (Mr. Lang)", "Marjorie Crossland (Parole Board Member)", "Richard Egan (Police Detective)", "Kathleen Freeman (Seamstress Con)", "Dick Gordon (Lawyer)", "William Gould (Judge)", "Jack Ingram (Prison Guard Driver)", "Isabel Jewell (Mrs. Mack - Prison Laundry Matron)", "Anne P. Kramer (Con)", "Wilbur Mack (Jeweler)", "Hal March (Max Hayden)", "Ida Moore (Judy)", "Virginia Mullen (Prison Board Member)", "Ruth Sanderson (Miss Horton - Prison Secretary)", "Connie Van (Inmate)", "Isabel Withers (Parole Board Member)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}