{"tmdb_id": 72477, "title": "Killing Fields", "original_title": "Texas Killing Fields", "slug_title": "killing-fields", "date": "2011-10-14", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Texas City, la police fait face \u00e0 une s\u00e9rie de meurtres, mais les rivalit\u00e9s internes qui minent le service et l\u2019endroit \u00e9pouvantable o\u00f9 ont \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9s les corps \u2013 le terrain vague de Killing Fields \u2013 compliquent l\u2019enqu\u00eate. Dans le comt\u00e9 voisin, les inspecteurs Mike Souder et Brian Heigh travaillent sur la disparition d\u2019une jeune fille. Pas de cadavre, aucune piste. Lorsque Anne, une gamine des rues que Brian a prise sous son aile, est port\u00e9e disparue \u00e0 son tour, les deux inspecteurs commencent \u00e0 se dire que la solution se cache peut-\u00eatre du c\u00f4t\u00e9 de Killing Fields\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rvM3xqGDoNwXhzfO7qTLlIU8DZ8.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Worthington (Mike Souder)", "Jessica Chastain (Pam Stall)", "Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz (Little Ann Sliger)", "Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Brian Heigh)", "Stephen Graham (Rhino)", "Annabeth Gish (Gwen Heigh)", "Sheryl Lee (Lucie Sliger)", "Corie Berkemeyer (Shauna Kittredge)", "Trenton Perez (White Kid)", "Jason Clarke (Rule)", "Wayne Ferrara (Canine Officer)", "Kerry Cahill (Carla Romer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This place is nothing but chaos. Your God doesn\u2019t even come here.\r\n\r\nTexas Killing Fields is directed by Ami Canaan Mann and written by Don Ferrarone. It stars Sam Worthington, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Jessica Chastain, Chloe Grace Moretz, Jason Clarke, Annabeth Gish and Stephen Graham. Music is by Dickon Hinchliffe and cinematography by Stuart Dryburgh. Film is based around real events involving the many murders of women whose bodies have been found in a desolate area of road and wasteland between Houston and Galveston.\r\n\r\nAmi Canaan Mann is the daughter of Michael Mann, one of the masters of modern day crime story movies, so it\u2019s not very surprising to see Ami, for her sophomore production, venture into murky waters. Texas Killing Fields is a bayou noir, where although the title hints at human devastation unbound, it\u2019s actually a slow burning skin itcher more concerned with the people investigating crime than that of the perpetrators. How the sorry events affect all who come in to contact with the crimes at the film\u2019s core, is what drives Texas Killing Fields on. Sadly the screenplay takes on board too much and nearly derails an otherwise very good movie.\r\n\r\nIf it comes down to atmosphere and technical smarts in achieving such? Then this is one of the finest of recent times. There\u2019s a constant sense of broody foreboding throughout, the haunting landscapes are all gnarly and spectre like, the whole area literally stinks of death and misery. Even when the story is away from the fields of the title, there\u2019s a mood of despair filtering out from Mann and Dryburgh\u2019s lenses, the hot Texas weather draining every ounce of sweat from the emotionally troubled detectives. All of the atmosphere is helped considerably by Hinchliffe\u2019s music, which piggybacks the misery with ominous bluesy tones.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately all this deft atmospheric craft can\u2019t stop the screenplay from being annoying. A sub-plot involving Worthington and Chastain as ex husband and wife is as pointless as it gets, which simultaneously wastes Chastain in the process. The makers have chosen to actually have suspects front and centre for the crimes on screen (unlike the real life cases, most of which remain unsolved), well they intend to keep it mysterious, but anyone paying attention will catch on quickly enough. There\u2019s also problems with the sound mix, which at times is appalling, rendering some crucial dialogue exchanges as inaudible.\r\n\r\nCast are good, especially Morgan and Moretz, and Mann shows a good hand at action sequences to compliment her astute mood setting skills. But this still feels like a misfire, and subsequent critical appraisals and internet rating systems have it as just above average. That\u2019s a little unfair, there\u2019s much for the neo-noir/crime movie crowd to get enthralled by here, but Mann may need to sharpen up her story telling whiles to fully bloom her undoubted potential. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43552, 10742, 78461, 73499], "youtube_key": "7woppidfvtc"}