{"tmdb_id": 72507, "title": "Neige d'\u00e9t\u00e9", "original_title": "\u5973\u4eba\uff0c\u56db\u5341\u3002", "slug_title": "neige-d-ete", "date": "1995-05-04", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "The Suns are a typical Hong Kong family: May, forty something, works for a trading company; her husband, Bing, works as a low-grade civil servant, and Allen, their teenage son, is still at school. Trouble strikes one day when Bing's mother dies of a stroke, leaving her husband old Mr. Sun. Alzheimer's Disease is diagnosed. From that day on, the family's daily life is thrown into a poignant. Old Mr. Sun develops a tendency to wander off and get lost, he wakes up yelling in the middle of the night plus he is rude and disobliging ... all this, along with May's already full schedule as wife, mother and employee, drives her close to the edge of her endurance. The very last thing they all wanted has to happen: old Mr. Sun has to go into a Nursing Home. But it does not turn out quite like they expected...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qUDf6egeJjX5tuX5tAXWv4temBs.jpg", "actors": ["Josephine Siao (May Sun)", "Roy Chiao (Lin Sun)", "Law Kar-Ying (Bing Sun)", "Tam Sin-Hung (Ying Sun)", "May Law Koon-Lan (Lan Sun)", "Patricia Chong Jing-Yee (Carrie Chin (Daughter-In-Law))", "Allen Ting (Allen Sun)", "Teresa Ha Ping (Mrs. Han)", "Lau Shun (Mr. Lo)", "Fai Chow (Bing's Brother)", "Gin Tsang (Janice)", "Fong Pau (Pang)", "Manfred Wong (Fish Vendor)", "Chang Tseng (Tea House Owner)", "Stephen Fung (Cannon)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}