{"tmdb_id": 72544, "title": "Moments perdus", "original_title": "The Lost Moment", "slug_title": "moments-perdus", "date": "1947-11-21", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Romance", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Lewis Venable, un \u00e9diteur am\u00e9ricain, r\u00eave de publier les lettres d'amour \u00e9crites par le grand po\u00e8te Jeffrey Ashton \u00e0 son amour Juliane Bordereau. Il apprend que Juliane, 105 ans, est toujours vivante. il va se faire passer pour un \u00e9crivain en qu\u00eate d'inspiration pour se faire h\u00e9berger par Juliane Bordereau qui vit \u00e0 Venise avec sa ni\u00e8ce Tina. Venable d\u00e9couvre une demeure \u00e0 l'atmosph\u00e8re \u00e9trange, et est particuli\u00e8rement intrigu\u00e9 par le comportement de Tina, qui s'imagine revivre la vie de sa tante et son amour pour Jeffrey Ashton.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9esF57C25ar9gjT0FTpy7yUUJbd.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Cummings (Lewis Venable)", "Susan Hayward (Tina Bordereau)", "Agnes Moorehead (Juliana Borderau)", "Joan Lorring (Amelia)", "Eduardo Ciannelli (Father Rinaldo)", "John Archer (Charles Russell)", "Frank Puglia (Pietro)", "Minerva Urecal (Maria)", "William Edmunds (Vittorio)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dead among the living and living among the dead.\r\n\r\nThe Lost Moment is directed by Martin Gabel and adapted by Leonardo Bercovici from the Henry James novel, The Aspern Papers. It stars Robert Cummings, Susan Hayward, Agnes Moorehead and Eduardo Ciannelli. Music is by Daniele Amfitheatrof and cinematography by Hal Mohr.\r\n\r\nLewis Venable (Cummings) is a publisher who travels to Venice in search of love letters written by poet Jeffrey Ashton. Insinuating himself into the home of the poets lover and recipient of the letters, Juliana Bordereau (Moorehead), Venable finds himself transfixed by the strangeness of the place and its inhabitants, one of which is Juliana's off kilter niece, Tina (Hayward).\r\n\r\nA splendid slice of Gothicana done up in film noir fancy dress, The Lost Moment is hauntingly romantic and ethereal in its weirdness. It's very talky, so the impatient should be advised, but the visuals and the frequent influx of dreamy like sequences hold the attention right to the denouement. The narrative is devilish by intent, with shifting identities, sexual tensions, intrigue and hidden secrets the orders of the day. \r\n\r\nCummings is a little awkward and his scenes with Hayward (very good in a tricky role) lacks an urgent spark, while old hands Moorehead (as a centenarian with an outstanding makeup job) and Ciannelli leave favourable marks in the smaller roles. Mohr's (The Phantom of the Opera) photography is gorgeous and bathes the pic in atmosphere, and Amfitheatrof's musical compositions are powerful in their subtleties. As for Gabel? With this being his only foray into directing, it stands as a shame he didn't venture further into the directing sphere. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [85126, 176813, 60646, 74753]}