{"tmdb_id": 72568, "title": "Ek Ladka Ek Ladki", "original_title": "Ek Ladka Ek Ladki", "slug_title": "ek-ladka-ek-ladki", "date": "1992-06-18", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Bhagwati Prasad looks after the vast estate of his deceased brother, assisted by his wife, and brother-in-law, Markutey. Bhagwati has got into debt and has been embezzling money in order to pay his debtors. His spoiled and rude niece, Renu, who resides in the United States decides to pay them a visit. Bhagwati welcomes her and makes her feel at home, but Renu is not easily satisfied until she gets a speed boat so that she can be on her own. Alerted by her lawyer, she starts to scrutinize recent transactions and finds 15 lakh rupees missing. She asks Bhagwati to provide her with an explanation within 2 days. Then she gets into her speed boat, only to get involved in an accident, planned by Bhagwati,and disappears. Bhagwati is all set to take over the estate, when the estate's lawyer gets a Court Order freezing all the cash, bank, and assets until such time Renu is found or her body is located...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qfXGTJj6iHwoNBzsywZ9JLzKHOi.jpg", "actors": ["Salman Khan (Raja)", "Neelam Kothari (Renu)", "Anupam Kher (Bhagwati Prasad)", "Asrani (Mudkatte)", "Tiku Talsania (Police Inspector)", "Javed Khan (Constable)", "Shubha Khote (Mrs. Shobha Prasad)", "Subbiraj (Estate Lawyer)", "Salim Khan Ding-Dong (Choochoo)", "Arun Mathur (School Principal)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [45533, 62883], "youtube_key": "notfound"}