{"tmdb_id": 72638, "title": "Les combats 69", "original_title": "The Fighting 69th", "slug_title": "les-combats-69", "date": "1940-01-27", "genre": "Action / Drame / Guerre", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Bien que gueulard fanfaron Jerry Plunkett ali\u00e8ne ses camarades et officiers, le p\u00e8re Duffy, l'aum\u00f4nier du r\u00e9giment, a la foi qu'il va se prouver \u00e0 la fin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/o763enwmfIjnHhREElD6rbidngi.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (Pvt. Jerry Plunkett)", "Pat O\u2019Brien (Father Duffy)", "George Brent (Maj. Wild Bill Donovan)", "Jeffrey Lynn (Sgt. Joyce Kilmer)", "Alan Hale (Sgt. 'Big Mike' Wynn)", "Frank McHugh ('Crepe Hanger' Burke)", "Dennis Morgan (Lieutenant Ames)", "Dick Foran (Lt. 'Long John' Wynn)", "William Lundigan (Timmy Wynn)", "Guinn Williams (Paddy Dolan)", "Henry O'Neill (The Colonel)", "John Litel (Captain Mangan)", "Sammy Cohen (Mike Murphy)", "Harvey Stephens (Major Anderson)", "William Hopper (Private Turner (as DeWolf Hopper))", "Tom Dugan (Private McManus)", "Frank Wilcox (Lieutenant Norman)", "John Arledge (Second Alabama Man (uncredited))", "Frank Faylen (Engineer Sergeant at Cave-In (uncredited))", "George Reeves (Jack O'Keefe (uncredited))", "Roland Varno (German Officer (uncredited))", "Herbert Anderson (Pvt. Casey)", "Trevor Bardette (First Alabama Man)", "Jack Boyle Jr. (Chuck)", "Richard Clayton (Tierney)", "Frank Coghlan Jr. (Jimmy)", "Tom Coleman (Wounded Soldier in Parade Car)", "James Conaty (Officer at Briefing)", "Joseph Crehan (Doctor Giving Inoculations)", "John Daheim (Soldier)", "Eddie Dew (Regan)", "Ralph Dunn (Medical Captain)", "Edgar Edwards (Engineer Officer)", "James Flavin (Supply Sergeant)", "Jerry Fletcher (Telephonist)", "Arno Frey (German Officer)", "Edmund Glover (Fourth Alabama Man)", "Chuck Hamilton (Soldier Watching Fight)", "John Harron (Carrol)", "J. Anthony Hughes (Healey)", "Layne Ireland (Hefferman)", "Donald Kerr (New Recruit)", "George Kilgen (Ryan)", "Jacques Lory (Waiter)", "Wilfred Lucas (Doctor Checking Eyes)", "Frank Mayo (Capt. Bootz)", "Frank Melton (Third Alabama Man)", "Elmo Murray (O'Brien)", "Byron Nelson (Soldier)", "George O'Hanlon (Eddie Kearney)", "Jack Perrin (Major)", "John Ridgely (Moran)", "Frank Sully (Sergeant)", "Emmett Vogan (Doctor Giving Physicals)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Diddly day it's The Fighting 69th., 24 Aug 2014\r\n\r\nJerry Plunket is a street brawling, tough as boots rebel from Brooklyn, he has no time for the traditions of the all Irish 69th New York Regiment, and he has even less time for his army superiors. But as Jerry is about to find out, War has a knack of making or breaking a man...\r\n\r\nIt's not hard to see why The Fighting 69th was a very popular movie back on its release, coming out as America was about to enter WWII, it's flag waving patriotism targeted its audience with gusto supreme and lashes of Irish sentiment, furthering the cause was in having James Cagney in the critical lead role of Plunkett. Yet oddly, Plunkett is the made up character here, for the story is based on actual characters that the film wishes to honour. Father Duffy (Pat O'Brien) & Wild Bill Donovan (George Brent) being two highly respected men from this actual (and highly acclaimed) fighting unit.\r\n\r\nThe story follows a now well trodden path, brash cocky man learns lessons the hard way, is there to be redemption come the finale? Respect, bravery and indeed salvation are all given the once over by the makers here, there are few surprises but the film gets in there, does it's job, and leaves without lingering either side of the good or bad fence. The direction from William Keighley is vigorous, and the supporting players are solid, if unspectacular (haven't we seen this O'Brien turn before?), but all and everything is second fiddle to the perfectly cast Cagney, bullish and stoic, his turn as Plunkett lifts the film above average, because without him the film would be instantly forgettable. Enjoyable enough. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [53792, 43597, 90406, 35006]}