{"tmdb_id": 72769, "title": "Make Haste to Live", "original_title": "Make Haste to Live", "slug_title": "make-haste-to-live", "date": "1954-03-25", "genre": ["Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "A single mother in New Mexico senses her own death in the hands of a mysterious stalker.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7NFUTlg2bbyvn2FO6K0rRUryU0u.jpg", "actors": ["Dorothy McGuire (Crystal Benson)", "Stephen McNally (Steve Blackford)", "Mary Murphy (Randy Benson)", "Edgar Buchanan (Sheriff Lafe)", "John Howard (Josh Blake)", "Ron Hagerthy (John 'Hack' Hackenthal)", "Pepe Hern (Rudolfo Gonz\u00e1les)", "Eddy Waller ('Spud' Kelly)", "Carolyn Jones (Mary Rose)", "Rosa Turich (Juana)", "Julian Rivero (Carlos)", "Celia Lovsky (Mother)", "William Bailey (Ed Jenkins)", "Argentina Brunetti (Mrs. Gonzales)", "Bob Carney (Round-Faced Man)", "Joseph Vitale (Big Man)", "Paul Lukather (Deputy (as Paul London))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Woman in the Fog.\r\n\r\nMake Haste to Live is directed by William A. Seiter and adapted to screenplay by Warren B. Duff from the novel written by Gordon and Mildred Gordon. It stars Dorothy McGuire, Stephen McNally, Mary Murphy and Edgar Buchanan. Music is by Elmer Bernstein and cinematography by John L. Russell.\r\n\r\nA gangster is sentenced to prison for killing his wife, but she isn't dead, she's alive and well and raising her daughter in New Mexico. It\u2019s now 18 years later and he\u2019s out of the big house; and he wants revenge!\r\n\r\nElmer Bernstein\u2019s superb musical score opens up the picture and Russell uses film noir filters to photograph the gripping opening sequences. It\u2019s a handsome beginning, the promise of a film noir gem is palpable, sadly the entire middle hour is plodding in pacing and ridiculous in plotting. There\u2019s some neat touches, McNally is permanently angry and sinister, which makes for good fun, McGuire works hard to maintain interest, Buchanan\u2019s gruff sheriff steps outside of the norm and the odd scene, such as that involving a fairground, have noirish leanings. The finale as well is of high quality, but patience is tested throughout and there\u2019s the over riding feeling that the cast, Bernstein, Russell and the audience deserve a far better script. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}