{"tmdb_id": 72903, "title": "The Midnight Story", "original_title": "The Midnight Story", "slug_title": "the-midnight-story", "date": "1957-08-01", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Beloved priest Father Thomasino is murdered in a San Francisco alley, and the police have few clues. But traffic cop Joe Martini becomes obsessed with finding the killer; he suspects Sylvio Malatesta. Ordered off the case, Joe turns in his badge and investigates alone. Soon he is a close friend of the Malatesta family, all delightful people, especially lovely cousin Anna. Uncertain whether Sylvio is guilty or innocent, Joe is now torn between old and new loyalties.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oZbxMjVMrec8wBWUMJbzpbat8YE.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Curtis (Joe Martini)", "Marisa Pavan (Anna Malatesta)", "Gilbert Roland (Sylvio Malatesta)", "Jay C. Flippen (Sgt. Jack Gillen)", "Argentina Brunetti (Mama Malatesta)", "Ted de Corsia (Lt. Kilrain)", "Richard Monda (Pietro \"Peanuts\" Malatesta)", "Kathleen Freeman (Rosa Cuneo)", "Herb Vigran (Charlie Cuneo)", "Peggy Maley (Veda Pinelli)", "John Cliff (Father Giuseppe)", "Russ Conway (Det. Sgt. Sommers)", "Chico Vejar (Frankie Pellatrini)", "Tito Vuolo (Grocer)", "Helen Wallace (Mother Catherine)", "James Hyland (Frank Wilkins)", "David Leonard (Father Tomasino)", "Sammee Tong (Restaurant Proprietor)", "Philip Van Zandt (Vince de Paul)", "Joe Turkel (Lothario at Dance)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "This Martini is shaken but not stirred. \r\n\r\nThe Midnight Story (AKA: Appointment With A Shadow) is directed by Joseph Pevney and written by Edwin Blum and John Robinson. It stars Tony Curtis, Marisa Pavan, Gilbert Roland and Jay C. Flippen. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and CinemaScope cinematography is by Russell Metty. \r\n\r\nWhen a San Francisco priest is murdered, friend of the priest, Joe Martini (Curtis), a traffic cop, gets a hunch and ingratiates himself into the family of the man he thinks is responsible. \r\n\r\nSomehow it has become one of those 1950s black and white crime movies entered into film noir publications. It doesn't belong in that particular filmic chest, but it does ask to be sought out by fans of such 1950s fare. In actuality it's a whodunit? Thrusting a handsome and restrained Curtis into a murder mystery while his emotions get whacked from all sides. Filmed (joyously so) and set in Frisco, the makers never once play their hand to reveal what the finale will bring. \r\n\r\nThe everyday life of a working and loving Italian-American family is vividly brought to life, luring us in to their world as intrigued but concerned observers - the North Beach District a sweaty backdrop just waiting to spill its secrets. Pevney keeps things brisk, never letting things sag, even as the inevitable romantic thread dangles (it's 1950s Tony Curtis after all), there's always an air of suspicion and mystery pulsing away in the narrative. \r\n\r\nCurtis fronts up for dressage, but delivers promise on an interesting role, but it's Roland's movie all the way. A damn fine turn that only comes to being in the final quarter. In support there is the sturdy presence of Flippen and Ted de Corsia, both of whom leave a telling mark. Each and all building to a finale, which may not contain the wallop one had hoped, but strikes a positive note and rounds it out as a film to seek out. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}