{"tmdb_id": 73449, "title": "The Black Tent", "original_title": "The Black Tent", "slug_title": "the-black-tent", "date": "1956-04-09", "genre": "Romance / Drame / Action", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4n9vzJovzHCALSgHlKGfDkTRp1r.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Sinden (Col. Sir Charles Holland)", "Anthony Steel (Capt. David Holland)", "Anna-Maria Sandri (Mabrouka ben Yussef)", "Andr\u00e9 Morell (Sheik Salem ben Yussef)", "Donald Pleasence (Ali)", "Ralph Truman (Major Cross)", "Terence Sharkey (Daoud Holland)", "Anton Diffring (Senior German Officer)", "Anthony Bushell (Ambassador Baring)", "Michael Craig (Sheikh Faris)", "Frederick Jaeger (Koch)", "Derek Sydney (Interpreter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Well it's more multi-coloured than black.\r\n\r\nBut I'm just being facetious! \r\n\r\nBrian Desmond Hurst directs, Anthony Steel and Andr\u00e9 Morell star, Bryan Forbes and Robin Maugham write, William Alwyn scores the music and Desmond Dickinson photographs in VistaVision Technicolor.\r\n\r\nIt looks lovely, the Libya locations amazing, yet it's a dull and uneventful movie. Story concerns Capt. David Holland (Steel), who during WWII in the North African campaign gets injured and winds up being nursed by some Bedouin natives. He promptly becomes part of the crowd, falls in love with the Sheik's daughter and instigates a repel the Nazis front with the natives. But what happened next? Holland's brother, Col. Sir Charles (Donald Sinden), travels to Libya to find out.\r\n\r\nWhat he finds is obviously what we find out, that there's an inter racial romance at the heart of the story, some mistrust, loyalties born, a small scale battle and a double edged sword of a finale. It's all very contrived and mismatched, while some of the acting comes dangerously close to being parody supreme. Not good really and the tech guys deserve a better movie, and so do we. Oh well, if nothing else it obviously inspired Lawrence of Arabia. Hee hee hee. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [168315, 249313, 6587, 99224]}