{"tmdb_id": 73499, "title": "Secret Identity", "original_title": "The Double", "slug_title": "secret-identity", "date": "2011-10-27", "genre": ["Action / Drame / Crime"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Un membre de la CIA \u00e0 la retraite est jumel\u00e9 \u00e0 un jeune agent du FBI pour \u00e9lucider le myst\u00e8re de l'assassinat d'un s\u00e9nateur. Tous les signes convergent vers un assassin sovi\u00e9tique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7FEQQuznwV1RyNEOxJWhQ3tUqnr.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen Moyer (Brutus)", "Topher Grace (Ben Geary)", "Richard Gere (Paul Shepherdson)", "Stana Katic (Amber)", "Martin Sheen (Tom Highland)", "Tamer Hassan (Bozlovski)", "Chris Marquette (Oliver)", "Odette Annable (Natalie Geary)", "Yuriy Sardarov (Leo)", "Jeffrey Pierce (Agent Weaver)", "Lawrence Gilliard Jr. (Agent Burton)", "Sonja Crosby (Employee)", "Martin Wheeler (Russian Officer (uncredited))", "Ed Kelly (Senator Dennis Darden)", "Dan Lemieux (Russian Military Officer)", "Ivan Fedorov (The Scrounger)", "Mike Kraft (FBI Director Roger Bell)", "Randy Flagler (Miller)", "Ella Maltby (Lucy)", "Maxfield Lund (Doctor)", "Jimmy Ortega (Coyote)", "Darcy Leutzinger (Vlad)", "Hugh Maguire (Senator Morris Friedman)", "Nicole Forester (Molly)", "Danny Maze (Agent M)", "Andy Manning (EMT)", "Ele Bardha (American Man)", "Nina Kircher (Russian Woman)", "Devin Scillian (Newscaster)", "Jimmy Rhoades (CIA Officer)", "Jamie Ridge (French Woman)", "David Shackelford (Security Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Spooks aren't supposed to be creatures of habit.\r\n\r\nA retired CIA operative is paired with a young FBI agent to hopefully solve the case of a serial killer whose style of killings point to a Soviet operative long thought dead.\r\n\r\nIn amongst the plot holes and ridiculous resolutions there's a more than competent Cold War political murder mystery trying to get out. Unfortunately first time director and co-writer Michael Brandt thinks he's John le Carr\u00e9 and in his attempts to be clever and tricky for the final third of pic, he just comes off as an amateur who is insulting his audience.\r\n\r\nInitially the pic is on safe footings. Ok! so it's conventional in formula, but the intrigue is there, Richard Gere and Topher Grace in the lead roles have our attention, and a turn of events at the 30 minute mark has us firmly in the story's grip. Sadly it never materialises into the top line suspense thriller the makers clearly were aiming for.\r\n\r\nAs the narrative spins into a muddled mess, Brandt is forced to rely on a couple of livewire sequences to save the day; cue interrogation machismo and some car crash chaseville, but it's never enough to save the day. More so when Martin Sheen wanders back into the fold, it is here when you realise you have forgotten he was in the pic anyway! That pretty much says it all. 4/10"}], "recommandations_id": [127493, 74998, 77234, 9754], "youtube_key": "pKRKoZIjiFk"}