{"tmdb_id": 73492, "title": "Outrage", "original_title": "Outrage", "slug_title": "outrage", "date": "1950-09-27", "genre": "Drame / Crime", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vVQC4C0aNAxgoBsVMyqYtpKrKoB.jpg", "actors": ["Mala Powers (Ann Walton)", "Tod Andrews (Rev. Bruce Ferguson)", "Raymond Bond (Eric Walton)", "Lillian Hamilton (Mrs. Walton)", "Rita Lupino (Stella Carter)", "Hal March (Detective Sergeant Hendrix)", "Kenneth Patterson (Tom Harrison)", "Jerry Paris (Frank Marini, the masher)", "Angela Clarke (Madge Harrison)", "Roy Engel (Sheriff Charlie Hanlon)", "Lovyss Bradley (Mrs. Miller, police woman)", "Hamilton Camp (Shoeshine boy (as Robin Camp))", "Robert Clarke (Jim Owens)", "Ida Lupino (Country Dance Attendee (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "A damaged psyche post despicable crime.\r\n\r\nOutrage is directed by Ida Lupino and Lupino co-writes the screenplay with Collier Young and Malvin Wald. It stars Mala Powers, Tod Andrews and Robert Clarke. Music is by Paul Sawtell and cinematography by Archie Stout.\r\n\r\nTransport your mindset back to 1950 and you are in all probability going to admire this picture more than you would think. As is duly noted by other reviewers, this pic, and it's treatment of rape as a core subject matter, is dated as such, but that in no way lessens not only its impact and importance in the pantheon of film making, but also the fine work by Lupino. Lupino treads with careful guile, not resorting to sensationalism, it's a super piece of directing from one of the great ladies of cinema yore.\r\n\r\nPic's story deals with how Ann Walton (Powers) is raped and after the ordeal how she reacts to everyday life under her fragile mental state. The decisions she makes, her perception of things and ultimately a near cataclysmic event that brings thins to the boil - sort of. Lupino adds in some imposing images, her film noir work serving her well, thus we get odd angles, ominous bulbous lamp lights, lonely streets and clown posters! The pursuit of Ann by a whistling wolf is frightening under any circumstance, but with Lupino adding her noir touches it's positively shattering.\r\n\r\nRest of the pic is tenderly played, a touch too sedate perhaps, while the appearance of a religious slant is forced and not the wisest of choices for the story, but ultimately it's not about mass market appeal. It's about being noticed and worthy, it achieves both for sure. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [101740, 161991, 23107, 93041]}