{"tmdb_id": 73557, "title": "Gunfighter", "original_title": "Gunfighter", "slug_title": "gunfighter", "date": "1999-03-15", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "One foggy night The Kid (Carradine), a down at the heals singer, arrives at a seemingly abandoned salon where he meets a stranger in a dark duster (Sheen). The Kid notices the Stranger's unusual leather gloves and asks about their origin. The Stranger proceeds to tell him the legend of the gloves, a story which revolves around the rivalry and jealousy of two men, lightning fast shot Hopalong Cassidy and his nemesis, the mysterious man in black Tex. Their feuding finally results in a duel, can Cassidy prove that he is still the fastest draw in the West?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uZHjGUqhXqfiAxv4eCsEILHzcRP.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Carradine (The Kid)", "Martin Sheen (The Stranger)", "George Nix (Cowpoke at the Red Snake)", "Clu Gulager (Uncle Buck Peters, Owner Bar 20 Ranch)", "Tom Gulager (Jimmy, Bar 20 Rider)", "John Gulager (Rustler)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Hopalong Cassidy: Western superhero (sorta)\r\n\r\n\"Gunfighter,\" aka \"Ballad of a Gunfighter,\" (1999) stars Chris Lybbert as Hopalong Cassidy in a story more akin to creator Clarence E. Mulford\u2019s yarns than William Boyd\u2019s films, although it\u2019s really a marriage of both. The Bar 20 Ranch, where Hopalong\u2019s babe (Adrienne Stout) and her uncle (Clu Gulager) reside, is raided by an embittered enemy (Louis Schwiebert) and his rustlers. Cassidy aims to get his girl back and set things a\u2019right.\r\n\r\nThe movie poster proclaims in huge letters \u201cFrancis Ford Coppola presents\u201d but, actually, Francis had nothing to do with the making of this picture; he didn\u2019t even produce it. The film was written/directed by his nephew Christopher Coppola, who\u2019s the brother of Nicolas Cage. Francis\u2019 name (which was still revered in the industry in the late 90s) was attached to the movie simply to attract viewers, which worked with me because, otherwise, I would\u2019ve never checked it out.\r\n\r\nIn any case, this is a very low-budget production, falling somewhere between the micro-budget of Glenn Ford\u2019s last film, the made-for-Turner \u201cBorder Shootout\u201d (1990), and the quality TV production \u201cPurgatory\u201d (1999), but closer to the former. If you can\u2019t stomach the micro-budget vibe of Westerns like \u201cBorder Shootout,\u201d I suggest skipping this.\r\n\r\nThat said, the flick has several highlights if you can acclimate. For instance, unlike the town-bound \u201cPurgatory,\u201d there are several scenes with a glorious Western backdrop. Also, Lybbert is stalwart as the noble gunfighter protagonist. It is stressed that he embraces limited pacifism, which only resorts to violence when absolutely necessary (as opposed to the idiotic total pacifism, which foolishly refuses to ever turn to violence, even when family members are threatened with murder or rape). \r\n\r\nMeanwhile, Adrienne Stout is hot and formidable as Mary and Schwiebert is daunting as the resentful black hat antagonist, Tex. I also liked the story-within-a-story framework wherein Martin Sheen conveys the Hopalong tale to a dispirited minstrel played by Robert Carradine. Lastly, I appreciate how the tale mixes the mythical with the realistic and leaves you with a pleasant aftertaste, rather than sour.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 34 minutes and looks like it was shot in either the desert areas of Southern Cal or Arizona (I can\u2019t find any info on where it was filmed). In any case, it was shot in the Southwest, USA. Johnny Rivers wrote the superb theme song \u201cBallad of a Gunfighter,\u201d which plays over the end credits.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "lHUYS3L2z_Q"}