{"tmdb_id": 73682, "title": "The Paper Will Be Blue", "original_title": "H\u00eertia va fi albastr\u00e3", "slug_title": "the-paper-will-be-blue", "date": "2006-08-07", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Thriller / Guerre"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Out of enthusiasm, a Militia soldier abandons his platoon and decides to fight for the cause of the Revolution. His Lieutenant and the rest of the crew look for him during the confused night of 22-23 December 1989.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6VJrhuyOB9iH9uVoHYRJzUiJ0v7.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Ipate (Costi)", "Adi Carauleanu (Lt. Neagu)", "Drago\u0219 Bucur (Dragos)", "Tudor Istodor (Bogdan)", "Alexandru Potocean (Vasile)", "Andi Vasluianu (Aurel)", "Dana Dogaru (Dna Andronescu)", "Ion Sapdaru (Craciun)", "Mimi Branescu (Lt. Deleanu)", "Alexandru Georgescu (Lt. Voinescu)", "Valentin Antofi (Redactor TVR)", "Doru Boguta (Ranit)", "Viorel Com\u0103nici (Maior Costinas)", "Constantin Di\u0163\u0103 (Panghe)", "Mirela Oprisor (Dorina)", "Gabriel Spahiu (Georgescu)", "Andrei Traian (Col. Argaseala)", "Ana Ularu (Angela)", "Adrian V\u0103ncic\u0103 (Sg. Pana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "germish", "content": "Was it a revolution? Was it a coup? Who was in control? Was it the military? Was it the armed militia? Nobody really knows actually. But what we do know is that the events depicted in this movie - which took place more than 16 years ago - changed the history of a country.\r\n\r\nThe film tells the story of a young militia force soldier on the night the alleged Romanian revolution takes place. He is young, he is a bit confused, a bit enthusiastic, a bit scared. Yet he decides to disobey his superior and go fight on the side of the people to protect the national television headquarters against the terrorists. Soon after he leaves, his mates decide to abandon their patrolling mission and go in search of him. But somewhere along the way, things turn terribly wrong. For everybody. Because there is fighting on the streets, because its dark and its cold, because nobody knows whose supposed to fight who, where everybody else is (as the soldier, Cristi, never gets to the TV headquarters), who the terrorists are, what the recognition password is...\r\n\r\nThe characters all seem to fit so well with the general confusion but also adding compassion and humor to the whole story that one might think this is almost a documentary of real events. Of course, this is achieved through an attention for detail that only those familiar with Romania would truly appreciate. But do not let that put you off; the real message of this film has nothing to do with specific issues and humor transcends borders.\r\n\r\nTrying to be as objective as possible, given the clever directing, natural and sharp dialog, solid script, I can only give this movie a 9, as nothing that is country-specific will detract from the pleasure of watching this movie. Highly recommended!"}], "recommandations_id": [56254, 8380, 126325, 56256], "youtube_key": "notfound"}