{"tmdb_id": 73896, "title": "Quand les tambours s'arr\u00eateront", "original_title": "Apache Drums", "slug_title": "quand-les-tambours-s-arreteront", "date": "1951-04-01", "genre": "Action / Western", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "En 1880, les Apaches Mescaleros, \u00e0 l'instigation de leur chef Vittorio, sont sur le sentier de la guerre aux abords de la fronti\u00e8re entre les \u00c9tats-Unis et le Mexique. Dans cette zone se trouve la petite ville am\u00e9ricaine de Spanish Boot, dont le maire Joe Madden expulse le joueur professionnel Sam Leeds qui vient d'abattre, en \u00e9tat de l\u00e9gitime d\u00e9fense, un autre joueur. Madden expulse dans le m\u00eame temps les prostitu\u00e9es de la ville, que Leeds parti apr\u00e8s elles retrouve non loin de l\u00e0, massacr\u00e9es par les Apaches. Il revient alors \u00e0 Spanish Boot pour pr\u00e9venir les citoyens du danger...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wXWv2FEAYtkdya0WLLOaMfcYwD3.jpg", "actors": ["Stephen McNally (Sam Leeds)", "Coleen Gray (Sally)", "Willard Parker (Mayor Joe Madden)", "Arthur Shields (Rev. Griffin)", "James Griffith (Lt. Glidden)", "Armando Silvestre (Pedro-Peter)", "Georgia Backus (Mrs. Keon)", "Clarence Muse (Jehu)", "Ruthelma Stevens (Betty Careless)", "James Best (Bert Keon)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Devil's Creatures.\r\n\r\nProduced by Val Lewton, Apache Drums is directed by Hugo Fregonese and adapted for the screen by David Chandler from the book \"Stand at Spanish Boot\" written by Harry Brown. It stars Stephen McNally, Coleen Gray, Willard Parker and Arthur Shields. Music is by Hans J. Salter and cinematography is courtesy of Charles P. Boyle. It was shot on location at Red Rock Canyon State Park, California & it's a Technicolor production. Plot sees McNally as notorious gambler Sam Leeds, who after shooting a man in self defence, is forced to leave the town of Spanish Boot. However, outside of town Sam happens across a terrible scene that forces him back into town to warn the folk of an impending attack by the Mescalero Apaches.\r\n\r\nThe name Val Lewton is synonymous with atmospheric horror, the likes of Cat People, The Body Snatcher, I Walked With a Zombie and Bedlam have carried the brooding Lewton production stamp. For this, his last film before he sadly passed away, we find him entering the realm of the Western. An odd coupling without doubt, yet as odd as that seems, the oddest thing of all is that the film manages to rise above its budget restrictions and come out just about on top. Working with his director Fregonese (The Raid), Lewton has produced a final movie that whilst not oozing those eerie atmospherics he's known for, does have enough about it to make it of interest to Lewton completists.\r\n\r\nPlot and narrative are simple, where on the surface it appears to be a run of the mill Western where the Indians are the bad guys, and the white man stands up to repel them. Yet to dismiss this as solely being formula fodder is unfair, for it has interesting characters, plenty of tension, a grand piece of action and a couple of genuinely haunting images. There's also some smarts in the writing, where racism and ethical principals are scrutinised. While the work involved for the final third of the film, as our group are holed up in a church awaiting Apache incursion, is of a very high standard. Here Fregonese and camera never leaves the room, as the town burns and the Apache chant and bang the drums, we along with the characters are left to our own imaginations, awaiting a savage death in semi darkness. It's a fine claustrophobic set up that's executed admirably. So why isn't the film better known and regarded then?\r\n\r\nTo get to the good stuff you have to suffer the bad, quite a bit of bad in fact. Running at only 75 minutes the film just about gets away with its drawn out periods of chatter, much of which is mundane - especially where the love triangle is concerned. And the acting ranges from the effective - McNally (Winchester '73/ Criss Cross) & Gray (Red River/Nightmare Alley) - to the solid - Shields (The Quiet Man/She Wore a Yellow Ribbon), but away from those three it's pretty wooden fare. Problems also exist with the colour, with low budget comes very basic Technicolor lensing, Red Rock Canyon is reduced to being a dull observer on proceedings and the fiery flames during the finale lack colourful snap. There's also the bizarre use of the song \"Men of Harlech\". Zulu aficionados (and I'm one of them) know the song well, and the use here in Apache Drums is the same as in Cy Endfield's film, only here it's performed in native Welsh - with the actors dubbed! It's a poor fit all round. History tells us, though, that the defenders of Rorke's Drift did not sing the song, so it's a distinct possibility that the film Zulu owes a debt of gratitude to is in fact Apache Drums. Thank you Lewton and Co.\r\n\r\nGood and bad every where you look in the film, but the final third swings it well above average in my book. A generous 7/10 rating to my fellow Western movie fans, 6/10 to the casual Sunday afternoon lounge lizard."}], "recommandations_id": [125217, 233795, 204994, 148847]}