{"tmdb_id": 73935, "title": "Vamps", "original_title": "Vamps", "slug_title": "vamps", "date": "2012-08-25", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance / Horreur", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes vampirettes m\u00e8nent la belle vie, la nuit, en plein c\u0153ur de New York. Mais l\u2019amour s\u2019en m\u00eale, et les demoiselles vont devoir faire un choix qui risque de compromettre leur immortalit\u00e9\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cI0gYcsBtVOoyZj9DpEvkVkndEE.jpg", "actors": ["Alicia Silverstone (Goody)", "Krysten Ritter (Stacy)", "Sigourney Weaver (Cisserus)", "Richard Lewis (Danny)", "Wallace Shawn (Dr. Van Helsing)", "Malcolm McDowell (Vlad)", "Zak Orth (Renfield)", "Marilu Henner (Angela)", "Kristen Johnston (Mrs. Van Helsing)", "Meredith Scott Lynn (Rita)", "Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal (Diego Bardem)", "Dan Stevens (Joey)", "Larry Wilmore (Professor Quincy)", "Bettina Bresnan (Mary Anne Cachillo)", "Todd Barry (Ivan)", "Taylor Negron (Pizza Guy)", "Justin Kirk (Vadim)", "Amir Arison (Derek)", "Scott Thomson (Erik)", "Annie Kitral (Elderly Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "These vamps are no tramps.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Amy Heckerling and starring Alicia Silverstone, Krysten Ritter, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Stevens, Richard Lewis and Wallace Shawn. It\u2019s modern day New York and two socialite girl vampires enjoy the night life whilst abstaining from drinking human blood. But affairs of the heart and head arise to create disruption to their existence.\r\n\r\nFrothy, goofy and charming, Vamps is well performed, decently written and is harmless enough entertainment. It\u2019s just that it never really rises to Heckerling\u2019s savvy ambitions. The jokes and vampiric traces to lore are merely amiable, while the actual story is uneven to say the least. Still, it\u2019s not a failure and worth catching on the tube if stuck for some light entertainment to pass the time with. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [91070, 73846, 32407, 167919]}