{"tmdb_id": 73983, "title": "Race Street", "original_title": "Race Street", "slug_title": "race-street", "date": "1948-09-11", "genre": ["Crime"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "A night-club owner takes on the crooks who killed his best friend.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7NdcOwik5g1MHVkVjbQfaPO0x5K.jpg", "actors": ["George Raft (Daniel J. 'Dan' Gannin)", "William Bendix (Lt. Barney Runson)", "Marilyn Maxwell (Robbie Lawrence)", "Frank Faylen (Phil Dickson)", "Harry Morgan (Hal Towers (as Henry Morgan))", "Gale Robbins (Elaine Gannin)", "Cully Richards (Mike Hadley)", "Mack Gray (Stringy)", "Russell Hicks (Easy Mason)", "Tom Keene (Al (as Richard Powers))", "William Forrest (Nick Walters)", "James Nolan (Herbie (as Jim Nolan))", "Richard Benedict (Sam)", "Dean White (Big Jack)", "Freddie Steele (Monty)", "George Turner (Dixie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "\"Stay with it\"\r\n\r\nRace Street, directed by Edwin L. Marin and adapted to screenplay by Martin Rackin from a story by Maurice Davis. Starring George Raft, William Bendix, Marilyn Maxwell, Frank Faylen, Gale Robbins and Harry Morgan. Music is by Roy Webb and cinematography by J. Roy Hunt.\r\n\r\nStory centers around two friends played by Raft and Bendix, the former is a turf accountant and night club owner, the latter a plain clothes policeman. With a syndicate racket moving in on the Frisco bookmaking circuit, Dan Gannin (Raft) refuses to co-operate, putting himself in grave danger. Barney Runson (Bendix) wants to move in and do it the official way, begging Dan to step aside and let the police do their job. But when the syndicate make a deadly move that hits Dan close to home, he's not for turning.\r\n\r\nIn the grand scheme of Raft and Bendix movies, or classic era film noir pics in fact, this one is small fry, but strong cast and solid production foundation ensure it's an enjoyable experience. Story isn't strong, where two old friends lock horns while some villain throws his weight around, but in true noir fashion there's some sneaky surprises in store and a none cop out finale.\r\n\r\nTechnically it's interesting, one quite dreadful process backed sequence aside, Marin and Hunt hit the noir bars for mood compliance. The absence of chiaroscuro is a shame, for a number of scenes here cry out for it, but the lighting techniques and shadow indulgence keeps the eyes pleased. There's even a startling sequence that appears to show Gale Robbins floating in and around the night club crowd as she sings a song, while a bit of zoom play and nifty Frisco locations add further quality.\r\n\r\nGood honest noirville enjoyment. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}