{"tmdb_id": 74018, "title": "Comme Cendrillon 3 - Il \u00e9tait une chanson", "original_title": "A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song", "slug_title": "comme-cendrillon-3-il-etait-une-chanson", "date": "2011-09-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Familial / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Surmen\u00e9e, harcel\u00e9e et terrifi\u00e9e d'\u00eatre mise en famille d'accueil, Katie, 17 ans, ex\u00e9cute les ordres de sa belle-m\u00e8re de sa demi-s\u0153ur et de son demi-fr\u00e8re sans se plaindre. Vocalement dou\u00e9e, Katie se sent particuli\u00e8rement boulevers\u00e9e lorsqu'elle est contrainte de pr\u00eater sa voix \u00e0 sa demi-s\u0153ur sans talent, Beverly Van Ravensway, afin qu'elle puisse d\u00e9crocher un contrat d'enregistrement avec la maison de disque the Massive Records dont le pr\u00e9sident, Guy Morgan, est \u00e0 la recherche de nouveaux talents spectaculaires pour le Service de la Culture d'une prestigieuse \u00e9cole priv\u00e9e.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uFozNoI2D4AdEDZveTKmxjxX5fD.jpg", "actors": ["Lucy Hale (Katie Gibbs)", "Missi Pyle (Gail Van Ravensway)", "Megan Park (Bev Van Ravensway)", "Freddie Stroma (Luke Morgan)", "Titus Makin Jr. (Mickey O'Malley)", "Jessalyn Wanlim ()", "Matthew Lintz (Victor Van Ravensway)", "Alyson Stoner (Back Up Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**If the voice matches!**\r\n\r\nSo this is the third film in the franchise of modern 'Cinderella' adaptation. It was not like a film series that follows from one film to another. All the films were individual and thematically same at the core, but told from different perspectives with different cast and characters. I have seen the previous two and they were not bad. Maybe you can say I watched it for Lucy, otherwise I was not interested in it.\r\n\r\nA decent film, but you know, we know the story how everything's going to happen, which is the negative side of giving it a try. I felt they should have altered a bit with the more it to look like a real Cinderella story from the visual aspect. Like suspense between Cinderella and the prince. Though the step-family part was up to the satisfaction in a simple manner.\r\n\r\nNow coming to that magical event, as this takes place in the modern world and without magics, I liked how they showed that part as much as realistically. But in the name of Bollywood/Indianess, they wrongly depicted everything. I mean the costumes, songs, choreography, all were close to Indian style, except the female costumes, which became Arabian nights. Because Indians won't cover their head or face, culturally or religiously. That was a big mistake and if you are a western viewer, this won't be an issue, so you might enjoy the film. I think it's an okay film, one time watchable film, but I would suggest previous films over this.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [15157, 11247, 407655, 35558], "youtube_key": "jMFRx4gNJiw"}