{"tmdb_id": 74208, "title": "Double Or Nothing", "original_title": "Double Or Nothing", "slug_title": "double-or-nothing", "date": "1937-09-17", "genre": ["Romance / Musique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "In this lively musical, an eccentric philanthropist's will dictates that four people receive $5,000 with the stipulation that the first one who can double the amount-- without dishonesty-- will win a cool million. Hindering the four are the avaricious relatives of the late millionaire. Songs include: \"It's On, It's Off,\" \"Double or Nothing,\" \"Listen My Children,\" \"Smarty,\" \"The Moon Got in My Eyes\" and \"After You.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xkaotbRgiF6UBxSR5QWGuSYv9bI.jpg", "actors": ["Bing Crosby ('Lefty' Boylan)", "Martha Raye (Liza Lou Lane)", "Andy Devine (Half Pint)", "Mary Carlisle (Vicki Clark)", "William Frawley (John Pederson)", "Samuel S. Hinds (Jonathan Clark)", "Benny Baker (Sailor)", "William Henry (Egbert Clark)", "Fay Holden (Martha Sewell Clark)", "Bert Hanlon (Nick Praxitales)", "Gilbert Emery (Mr. Mitchell)", "Walter Kingsford (Mr. Dobson)", "Frances Faye (Liza's Sister)", "Bess Flowers (Nightclub Patron)", "Alphonse Berg\u00e9 (Specialty)", "Harry Barris (Sing Orchestra Leader)", "John Gallaudet (Johnny Rutherford)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I honestly liked the supporting players here--especially the hilarious antics of Martha Raye and Andy Devine--a lot more than the frontman, Bing, here. I get it that he's so immensely talented that everything is effortless and he appears to be coasting. Maybe it's the way he had always put up the front of being nice, and such a great guy, yet was a nightmare to his own children, but he simply comes across as fake and phony, non-genuine. But for a 30's musical comedy coming out of Hollywood, it's pretty good, especially considering its budget."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I honestly liked the supporting players here--especially the hilarious antics of Martha Raye and Andy Devine--a lot more than the frontman, Bing, here. I get it that he's so immensely talented that everything is effortless and he appears to be coasting. Maybe it's the way he had always put up the front of being nice, and such a great guy, yet was a nightmare to his own children, but he simply comes across as fake and phony, non-genuine. But for a 30's musical comedy coming out of Hollywood, it's pretty good, especially considering its budget.\r\n\r\nFrom my cheapo 5-film 'Screen Legends Collection'--you can get them for a few different actors and actresses from years gone by--pictured in the IMDb entry for this."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}