{"tmdb_id": 74214, "title": "If I Had My Way", "original_title": "If I Had My Way", "slug_title": "if-i-had-my-way", "date": "1940-05-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "In this musical drama, a construction worker becomes the guardian of a 12-year old girl after one of his buddies is killed. She and he head to New York to look for her uncle, a vaudevillian. With the help of a good pal, they soon find the uncle. The three searchers encounter trouble when the pal uses all their money to buy a ramshackle restaurant. Fortunately, the construction worker saves them by turning the dump into a red hot night spot. Songs include: \"I Haven't The Time To Be A Millionaire\", \"Meet The Sun Halfway\", \"April Played The Fiddle\", \"The Pessimistic Character (With The Crab Apple Face)\", \"If I Had My Way\", \"Ida, Sweet As Apple Cider\", and \"Rings On My Fingers\".", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jrsmyIipgFq4aQG11RK3fFgA80d.jpg", "actors": ["Bing Crosby (Buzz Blackwell)", "Gloria Jean (Patricia Johnson)", "Charles Winninger (Joe Johnson)", "Nana Bryant (Marian Johnson)", "Allyn Joslyn (Jarvis Johnson)", "Claire Dodd (Brenda Johnson)", "El Brendel (Axel Swensen)", "Moroni Olsen (Mr. Blair)", "Donald Woods (Fred Johnson)", "Verna Felton (Mrs. DeLacey)", "Virginia Brissac (Mrs. Blair)", "Bess Flowers (Nightclub Patron)", "Juliane Elting (Himself)", "Blanche Ring (Herself)", "Six Hits and a Miss (Themselves)", "Trixie Friganza (Herself)", "Grace La Rue (Herself)", "Eddie Leonard (Himself)", "Rod Cameron (Slim-Bridge Worker)", "Selmer Jackson (Mr. Melville)", "Janet Waldo (Miss Courtney)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}