{"tmdb_id": 74527, "title": "Tension at Table Rock", "original_title": "Tension at Table Rock", "slug_title": "tension-at-table-rock", "date": "1956-10-03", "genre": "Western", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9dFag34HVbWNfqJGnqggxcZI74X.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Egan (Wes Tancred)", "Dorothy Malone (Lorna Miller)", "Cameron Mitchell (Sheriff Fred Miller)", "Billy Chapin (Jody Burrows)", "Royal Dano (Harry Jameson)", "Edward Andrews (Kirk)", "John Dehner (Hampton)", "DeForest Kelley (Jim Breck)", "Joe De Santis (Ed Burrows (as Joe DeSantis))", "Angie Dickinson (Cathy Murdock)", "Paul Richards (Sam Murdock)", "James Anderson (Lerner)", "Dabbs Greer (Doctor)", "William Fawcett (Townsman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Ballad of Wes Tancred.\r\n\r\nTension at Table Rock is directed by Charles Marquis Warren and is adapted to screenplay by Winston Miller from the novel \"Bitter Sage\" written by Frank Gruber. It stars Richard Egan, Dorothy Malone, Cameron Mitchell, Billy Chapin, Royal Dano, Edward Andrews and John Dehner. Music is by Dimitri Tiomkin and Technicolor cinematography is by Joseph Biroc.\r\n\r\nWes Tancred (Egan) is a weary gunslinger who is wandering the plains after having been accused of a cowardly killing. Assuming the name of John Bailey, he happens upon the \"Bitter Sage\" ranch and events there will lead him into the town of Table Rock. Where his future, perhaps damned by his past, will be determined.\r\n\r\nA good Oater full of the staples of 50s genre pieces, tension at Table Rock is nonetheless a worthy morsel for those keen of a Western diet. Pic picks up a number of thematic threads, such as the gunman trying to go straight, a lawman who has lost his bottle, and hero worship by way of surrogacy. Naturally there's a romantic angle, with Malone all bright eyed and perched in between Egan and Mitchell, but this is thankfully not over played.\r\n\r\nStandard action scenes are handled well by Warren, a man who knew his way around dusters of TV and cinema. Costuming and scenic photography is pleasing, while Egan (tortured square jawed machismo), Mitchell (tortured and scarred and awaiting machismo rebirth) and Dano (eleagant wise man) are in good credit with performances. Best of the support is Dehner, no surprise there, and Angie Dickinson and DeForest Kelly have minor but key roles to play.\r\n\r\nIt's all tightly played out to the point that the derivative nature of the story is in no way a hindrance to the entertainment on offer. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}