{"tmdb_id": 74725, "title": "Kill List", "original_title": "Kill List", "slug_title": "kill-list", "date": "2011-09-02", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Huit mois apr\u00e8s un travail d\u00e9sastreux \u00e0 Kiev qui l\u2019a laiss\u00e9 physiquement et mentalement marqu\u00e9, Jay, un ex-soldat devenu tueur \u00e0 gages, est press\u00e9 par son partenaire d\u2019accepter une nouvelle mission. Tr\u00e8s vite, Jay commence \u00e0 ressentir \u00e0 nouveau les effets de la peur et de la parano\u00efa...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yScku9GxmRcIeRsS0s8nQGPFl6J.jpg", "actors": ["Neil Maskell (Jay)", "MyAnna Buring (Shel)", "Harry Simpson (Sam)", "Michael Smiley (Gal)", "Struan Rodger (The Client)", "Emma Fryer (Fiona)", "Esme Folley (Hotel Receptionist)", "Ben Crompton (Justin)", "Gemma Lise Thornton (Keira)", "Robin Hill (Stuart)", "Zoe Thomas (Hotel Waitress)", "Gareth Tunley (The Priest)", "Jamelle Ola (Hotel Receptionist 2)", "Mark Kempner (The Librarian)", "Damien Thomas (The Doctor)", "Robert Hill (High Priest)", "Sara Dee (Newsreader)", "Alice Lowe (Radio Reporter)", "Steve Oram (Radio Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sometimes God's love can be hard to swallow.\r\n\r\nA super slice of sub-urban horror crafted by Ben Wheatley, Kill List blends a number of classic British films but still remains very much its own beast. And what a beast it is. Part hit-man thriller and part Wicker Man pagan horror, plot spins hit-man for hire Jay (Neil Maskell) out of his troubled domestic funk, into a world of pain and misery. Taking on a job, he, along with his partner Gal (Michael Smiley), is given a list of names for them to track and terminate. The people and the places they confront are the darkest kind, which brings out Jay's black heart as well. All this while lurking around the edges of the frame is something mysterious, something that will bring Jay to his destiny.\r\n\r\nThere is a rawness to Kill List that strikes hard, a sort of real life documentary feel that marries up with the black material to chill the bones. It's proud of its grimness, even what humour exists within just feels like damaged goods. The sound and camera work gleefully add to the unsettling atmosphere, tactics which help alleviate the feeling that we are once again watching a formulaic British thriller with ideas above its station. But then the curve ball arrives and hits you on the head, bringing dizzy spells and some delirium. Which builds to a finale that will either leave you breathless or angry, but either way Kill List will not be ignored. \r\n\r\nImpressively performed by the cast, mounted with skill by Wheatley, this is a dark hearted British treasure that hopefully in time will be afforded the praise it deserves. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [25983, 10972, 23963, 116811]}