{"tmdb_id": 74742, "title": "Time of Fear", "original_title": "Time of Fear", "slug_title": "time-of-fear", "date": "2002-01-01", "genre": ["Thriller"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Time of Fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an FBI agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer. FBI Agent Cheryl Hammer, arrives in a small California town to catch an elusive killer. Seeing no help forthcoming from the Sheriff, she turns to the only other person who can help her, Jack Barone, a grieving father whose daughter, Lisa, was the victim of a similar slaying ten years prior. The killer's clues are a perversion of Biblical punishments for sins: stoning, burning, decapitation. Jack and Agent Hammer turn to Father Patrick, a Catholic priest, for help. As the clock ticks down, a young female friend of Jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty. The harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface, revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed Jack's daughter.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u2sEQ9z1w0Va6icF3huS1ABUvci.jpg", "actors": ["Nick Mancuso (Jack Barone)", "Vanessa Evigan (Samantha Jennings)", "Basil Wallace (Dct. Gerald Pickens)", "Cheryl Pollak (Cheryl Hammer)", "Robert Walden (Sheriff Joe Calabro)", "Greg Lauren (Dct. Steve Benton)", "Norma Maldonado (Mrs. Cuervas)", "Rainbow Borden (Joey McKenzie)", "Solomon Burke (Bishop Bonds)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}