{"tmdb_id": 74777, "title": "Absentia", "original_title": "Absentia", "slug_title": "absentia", "date": "2011-03-03", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Le mari de Tricia manque \u00e0 l'appel depuis sept ans. Au moment o\u00f9 sa jeune s\u0153ur Callie vient s'installer chez elle, Tricia doit se r\u00e9soudre \u00e0 faire officialiser la pr\u00e9somption de d\u00e9c\u00e8s de son mari. Alors que Tricia ressasse ses souvenirs, Callie se sent attir\u00e9e vers un myst\u00e9rieux tunnel qui s'ouvre pr\u00e8s de la maison. Elle apprend ainsi l'existence d'autres disparitions dans le quartier. Il semble m\u00eame que l'entit\u00e9 qui \u0153uvre dans le tunnel ait \u00e9galement des vis\u00e9es sur Callie et Tricia.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pj7aP0kN787m6uYT03fmoT08dwW.jpg", "actors": ["Katie Parker (Callie)", "Courtney Bell (Tricia)", "Morgan Peter Brown (Daniel)", "Dave Levine (Det. Mallory)", "Justin Gordon (Det. Lonergan)", "Doug Jones (Walter Lambert)", "Connie Ventress (Ruth)", "Ian Gregory (Mitch)", "Erin Cipolletti (Uniformed Officer)", "Damon Pfaff (Uniformed Officer)", "Peter Wylie (Uniformed Officer)", "Brandon Valley Jones (Uniformed Officer)", "Elisabeth Adwin (Lawyer)", "Mark Dumonski (Dr. Carpenter)", "Scott Graham (Dr. Elliott)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Three Billy Goats Gruff.\r\n\r\nWritten and directed by Mike Flanagan, Absentia finds Tricia (Courtney Bell) and Callie (Katie Parker) as two sisters who come to believe that the underpass nearby could be linked to the many disappearances in the area.\r\n\r\nA slow burn indie horror is not everybody's idea of a good time, but Flanagan has crafted a smart atmospheric chiller, one with a nifty fairy tale fantasy bubbling away under the surface. Narratively it's low-key, though the air of grief and terror is palpable. The setting is a low rent area of Los Angeles, a place where the girls are told to always keep the doors locked, with the ominous underpass haunting the edges of every other frame.\r\n\r\nFlanagan filters his story through the urban locale while populating it with characters who are haunted by something unseen, or by others who are troubled by personal issues (Tricia's husband disappeared 7 years ago and Callie is fighting a needle habit). The formula scares are kept to a minimum, Flanagan choosing to imbue the story with a sense of dread, toying with the sisters and us the viewers that there just may be something truly awful lurking just out of the eye line.\r\n\r\nThis is not a creature feature, like The Relic or Mimic, this is a different horror film to those. The horrors are born out of what you don't see, or what you barely glimpse, just like the classic horrors of yesteryear, with Flanagan cheekily dangling ambiguity into the bargain. It's unnerving and sad, creepy yet cunning, and a refreshing experience for those tired of big effects driven horror movies. If you like the slow burn less is more approach, with well written human drama in the bargain? Then give this a chance. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Pure filmmaking. Has the atmosphere that is by and large missing from the horror genre, opting for character development, tension, engagement and grounding rather than jump scares and gross-out gore effects. Still a horror movie, to be sure (and therefore not for everybody) but one that stands on its own.\r\n_\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}], "recommandations_id": [25983, 47763, 46221, 111440]}