{"tmdb_id": 75012, "title": "Terre sans pardon", "original_title": "Three Violent People", "slug_title": "terre-sans-pardon", "date": "1956-12-01", "genre": "Drame / Western", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "A la fin de la Guerre de S\u00e9cession, Saunders, un capitaine sudiste, rentre au Texas en compagnie de celle qu'il vient d'\u00e9pouser, Lorna, une jeune femme au pass\u00e9 de prostitu\u00e9e. Tandis que les Nordistes convoitent son ranch, Saunders retrouve de vieilles connaissances, \u00e0 commencer par son fr\u00e8re Cinch qui lui voue une haine tenace.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qvaUgakd4qtEOxuJcTBN6lvza5Z.jpg", "actors": ["Charlton Heston (Capt. Colt Saunders)", "Anne Baxter (Lorna Hunter Saunders)", "Gilbert Roland (Innocencio Ortega, Grand Vacaro)", "Tom Tryon (Beauregard 'Cinch' Saunders)", "Forrest Tucker (Deputy Commissioner Cable)", "Bruce Bennett (Commissioner Harrison)", "Elaine Stritch (Ruby LaSalle)", "Barton MacLane (Yates)", "Peter Hansen (Lt. Marr)", "John Harmon (Mr. Massey)", "Ross Bagdasarian (Asuncion Ortega)", "Robert Blake (Rafael Ortega (as Bobby Blake))", "Jamie Farr (Pedro Ortega (as Jameel Farah))", "Leonardo Castillo (Luis Ortega)", "Don Devlin (Juan Ortega)", "Raymond Greenleaf (Carleton)", "Roy Engel (Carpetbagger)", "Argentina Brunetti (Maria)", "Kenneth MacDonald (Croupier (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Soapy Western with lusty acting and quality cast\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1956 and directed by Rudolph Mat\u00e9, \"Three Violent People\" is a Western that focuses on an ex-Rebel officer (Charlton Heston) who returns home to his west Texas ranch with a new, but secretly-tarnished bride (Anne Baxter). He contends with his ne\u2019er-do-well one-armed brother (Tom Tryon) and corrupt officials of the provisional government, who want his land & resources (Bruce Bennett and Forrest Tucker). Gilbert Roland is on hand as the conscience-reminding foreman, who has five sons (Robert Blake and Jamie Farr).\r\n\r\nThis is a soapy Western with lusty acting (rather than realistic), but it does feature a fistfight in the opening act, a thrilling horse stampede/chase scene and a tense shootout at the climax, not to mention a couple suspenseful confrontation scenes. It\u2019s akin to \u201cDuel in the Sun\u201d (1946) in tone/theme, but not great like that standout Western. Still, the drama keeps your attention, you can\u2019t beat the cast, the locations are magnificent and there's a worthy moral. Charlton and Anne made this right after \u201cThe Ten Commandments\u201d (1956) and it sort of fell through the cracks. \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour 40 minutes and was shot in Old Tucson, Arizona, and surrounding areas (e.g. Superstition Mountains and Apache Junction). WRITERS: James Edward Grant wrote the screenplay from a story by Leonard Praskins & Barney Slater.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [98248, 43499, 52916]}