{"tmdb_id": 75141, "title": "Huckleberry Finn", "original_title": "Huckleberry Finn", "slug_title": "huckleberry-finn", "date": "1974-05-24", "genre": ["Musique / Familial"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "One of Mark Twain's best-loved stories becomes a screen musical in this family-friendly adaptation. Mischievous Huckleberry Finn (Jeff East) is a 15-year-old boy who has long had a difficult relationship with his often violent father. When Dad tried to kidnap him, Huck decides to run away from home, and heads out of town on a raft. Huck is soon joined by Jim (Paul Winfield), a runaway slave who is no more eager to see his master than Huck is to see his father. As the two friends make their way down the Mississippi, they're faced with a variety of challenges and adventures, including a run-in with a pair of shabby but dignified actors, The King (Harvey Korman) and The Duke (David Wayne). Produced in association with Reader's Digest magazine, which in 1973, scored a box-office hit with a musical version of Twain's Tom Sawyer, Huckleberry Finn featured original songs by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman, who also wrote the songs for a handful of Disney hits, including Mary Poppins.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8FMdSBWJcpdicnQrNBEiWpfL92p.jpg", "actors": ["Jeff East (Huckleberry Finn)", "Paul Winfield (Jim)", "Harvey Korman (The King)", "David Wayne (The Duke)", "Arthur O'Connell (Col. Grangerford)", "Gary Merrill (Pap)", "Natalie Trundy (Mrs. Loftus)", "Lucille Benson (Widder Douglas)", "Kim O\u2019Brien (Maryjane Wilks)", "Jean Fay (Susan Wilks)", "Ruby Leftwich (Miss Watson)", "Odessa Cleveland (Jim\u2019s wife)", "Joe Boris (Jason)", "Danny Lantrip (Kyle)", "Van Bennett (Wayne)", "Linda Watkins (Mrs. Grangerford)", "Jean Combs (Miss Emmeline)", "Francis Fawcett (Miss Charlotte)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}