{"tmdb_id": 75174, "title": "Le Territoire des loups", "original_title": "The Grey", "slug_title": "le-territoire-des-loups", "date": "2012-01-26", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque l'avion transportant des employ\u00e9s d'une compagnie p\u00e9troli\u00e8re s'\u00e9crase dans les territoires recul\u00e9s du Grand Nord, les rares survivants savent que leur temps est compt\u00e9. Entre le froid, les recherches impossibles et les loups qui les guettent d\u00e9j\u00e0, ils ne s'en sortiront que par eux-m\u00eames. John Ottway (Liam Neeson) a un pass\u00e9 suffisamment sombre pour savoir que dans leur p\u00e9riple, l'ennemi ne viendra pas seulement de l'ext\u00e9rieur. Dans l'incroyable odyss\u00e9e qu'ils entament, les victimes ne tardent pas \u00e0 se multiplier...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bwN4x9RTLtDUDvaOWg4yvOBU38I.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (John Ottway)", "Dermot Mulroney (Jerome Talget)", "Frank Grillo (John Diaz)", "Dallas Roberts (Pete Hendrick)", "Joe Anderson (Todd Flannery)", "Nonso Anozie (Jackson Burke)", "James Badge Dale (Luke Lewenden)", "Ben Hernandez Bray (Hernandez)", "James Bitonti (Ottway's Father)", "Jonathan Bitonti (Young Ottway)", "Anne Openshaw (Ottway's Wife)", "Peter Girges (Company Clerk)", "Ella Kosor (Talget's Little Girl)", "Jacob Blair (Cimoski)", "Larissa Stadnichuk (Flight Attendant)", "Lani Gelera (Flight Attendant)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I am amazed by how many people on IMDb that have given this movie 8, 9 and even 10 stars. It\u2019s perhaps not the worst movie I\u2019ve seen but it is in no way worth that kind of rating.\r\n\r\nThe good part of the movie is Liam Neeson who makes an enjoyable performance with the script that he was given. He is pretty much the reason that I gave it as much as 4 IMDb stars. The rest of the film is just plain wrong.\r\n\r\nMy first impression is, god this director likes film grain! Now this is a matter of taste of course but I don\u2019t like when movies have artificially been made to look like they were filmed on old and crappy film. It has its places but it didn\u2019t add anything here.\r\n\r\nThe film starts off with a plane crash which is not done very good. Neither in terms of special effects nor in terms of realism.\r\n\r\nThe lack of realism, unfortunately, continues throughout the movie. The behavior of the wolves is utterly unnatural and unrealistic. I can live with this if it\u2019s a horror movie or some other fantasy movie but this is not supposed to be that. The actual footage of the wolves is rather mediocre as well.\r\n\r\nThen there is this so called experienced hunter and \u201cwolf expert\u201d. Leaving the crash site is a dubious decision to say the least. Then we got the jumping of cliffs with a flimsy home made rope instead of just walking a bit further to get down not to mention making ammunition go off by poking wooden sticks at it, what the f\u2026? In addition the guy knows nothing about wolves, or any other wild animal for that matter.\r\n\r\nJust to add to this not so enjoyable experience, the film has an utterly lousy ending."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I can't believe it took me so long to get around to watching _The Grey_.\r\n\r\nWhat a ride. Don't know that it's realistic but damn it was good. Put me in that wolf pack. Would I be instantly dismembered? Sure, but you get that on the big jobs.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [48138, 44048, 77866, 59961], "youtube_key": "Hfb0-U0ydj8"}