{"tmdb_id": 75438, "title": "Beremennyy", "original_title": "\u0411\u0435\u0440\u0435\u043c\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0439", "slug_title": "beremennyy", "date": "2011-07-21", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "2.6/10", "synopsis": "The main character of the film Sergey Dobrolyubov is a news anchor of a music channel. Because of his conservatism he looks strange among his progressive colleagues. And his skeptical and negative attitude to all things new and unusual is a constant target of their mockery. He is definitely not a star of the channel. Sergey and his wife want to have a baby but have no success. Only a miracle can help them but Sergey does not believe in miracles till one particular moment. He makes a wish to have a baby, and a miracle happens - he gets pregnant! Now Sergey must prove to everyone - dreams can come true. But his friend Zhora sees a practical side of this situation. He suggests Sergey to use his pregnancy to gain money and glory by launching a new TV show. The Show Pregnant becomes very popular, and the protagonist Sergey Dobrolyubov is a star of it. But it is not easy to be a man in the family way and a TV star.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKGT0XejVCk5P0D0Dcgy80IQJRf.jpg", "actors": ["Dmitriy Dyuzhev (Sergey Dobrolyubov)", "Mikhail Galustyan (Zhora)", "Ville Haapasalo ()", "Lyudmila Artemeva ()", "Svetlana Khodchenkova ()", "Dmitriy Khrustalev ()", "Anna Sedokova ()", "Dmitriy Sharakois ()", "Valentin Smirnitskiy ()", "Stepan Yurpalov (reporter)", "Aleksey Ryazantsev ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [314952, 179690, 77534, 57207], "youtube_key": "notfound"}