{"tmdb_id": 7552, "title": "Braqueurs amateurs", "original_title": "Fun with Dick and Jane", "slug_title": "braqueurs-amateurs", "date": "2005-12-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Dick est promu vice-pr\u00e9sident de la toute-puissante Globodyne Corp. Pour lui et sa famille, c'est la promesse d'un avenir radieux, \u00e0 tel point que sa femme Jane d\u00e9missionne aussit\u00f4t de son travail.Leur joie sera pourtant de courte dur\u00e9e. Quelques heures plus tard, Globodyne s'effondre dans un scandale financier... Seul McCallister, le grand patron, s'en sort, avec des indemnit\u00e9s colossales.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3lhyYINYtW4ZqH2kjEe1M78Afc6.jpg", "actors": ["Jim Carrey (Dick Harper)", "T\u00e9a Leoni (Jane Harper)", "Alec Baldwin (Jack McCallister)", "Richard Jenkins (Frank Bascombe)", "Angie Harmon (Veronica Cleeman)", "John Michael Higgins (Garth)", "Richard Burgi (Joe Cleeman)", "Carlos Jacott (Oz Peterson)", "Aaron Michael Drozin (Billy Harper)", "Gloria Garayua (Blanca)", "Michelle Arthur (Dick's Secretary)", "Stacey Travis (Jack's Receptionist)", "Timm Sharp (Jack's Assistant)", "David Herman (Angry Caller (voice))", "Gian Franco Tordi (Executive)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A guide on how to get through during unemployment.**\r\n\r\nI thought I have seen almost all the films of Jim Carrey, but then I found that's not true, so I decided to start with this. This is a remake of the 70s film or you could say the second screen adaptation of the novel of the same name. I haven't seen the other version, but I must admit that I enjoyed it thoroughly. This is not the greatest comedy I have ever seen, but still so good with great performances, particularly Jim Carrey's.\r\n\r\nA simple storyline, a couple loses their jobs and they find hard to get another. They begin to lose one by one, everything that belongs to them and finally the house is the last thing they want to lose. So they plan to do something very serious thing to tackle their situation and seems its working out so well, but for how long. Then comes their masterplan to the permanent solution and how they accomplish it is what leads to the conclusion.\r\n\r\nThe film was so fast, feels too short or like a TV episode. That means makes us to feel to have more, but it ends very nice way. The story might feel silly, but the comedies are so good. And if you like Jim Carrey and his trademark jokes, then you would have a great time. Truly, I haven't seen a good comedy from the recent time releases, so I'm happy I saw this, even though it is a decade old. There's no serious negative stuffs in it like drugs, sex or nudity, so I think it is okay for family viewing.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [2123, 9894, 1624, 2022]}