{"tmdb_id": 75623, "title": "Full Moon Renaissance", "original_title": "The Howling: Reborn", "slug_title": "full-moon-renaissance", "date": "2011-10-18", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "A la veille de l\u2019obtention de son dipl\u00f4me de fin d'\u00e9tudes, le solitaire Will Kidman sort enfin avec la fille de ses r\u00eaves, Eliana Wynter. Mais il d\u00e9couvre au m\u00eame moment un sombre secret en rapport avec son pass\u00e9. En effet, Will appartient \u00e0 un clan de lycanthropes et il est sur le point de se transformer en loup-garou. Une meute d\u00e9sire justement le tuer, lui et sa nouvelle petite amie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/m6E5ePVWSjXDHxnSBLSC8tpeFZ6.jpg", "actors": ["Landon Liboiron (Will)", "Lindsey Shaw (Eliana Wynter)", "Ivana Mili\u010devi\u0107 (Kathryn / Kay)", "Jesse Rath (Sachin)", "Niels Schneider (Roland)", "Erin Agostino (Regina)", "Kristian Hodko (Tribe)", "Frank Schorpion (Jack Kidman)", "Sean Mercado (Pierce)", "Sacha Charles (Roddick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A \u201cteen wolf\u201d becomes a \u201clost boy\u201d at \u201ctwilight\u201d*** \r\n\r\nSixteen years after the previous Howling sequel we finally get \u201cThe Howling VIII: Reborn\u201d (2011). As far as technical filmmaking goes, this is the best of the sequels, but I prefer the stories & characters of \u201cVI: The Freaks\u201d (1991), \u201cV: The Rebirth\u201d (1989) and maybe even \u201cIV: The Original Nightmare\u201d (1988) which, admittedly, was almost ruined by its rushed, awkward ending.\r\n\r\nIt was a good call to switch the setting to a big city high school and the premise of a teen discovering that he's a werewolf (Landon Liboiron), which hadn't been done yet in the series and is reminiscent of \u201cTeen Wolf\u201d (1985), but without the colorful amusement. There are also elements of \u201cThe Lost Boys\u201d (1987), \u201cTwilight\u201d (2008) and \u201cAn American Werewolf in Paris\u201d (1997), not to mention the protagonist looks like an older Harry Potter in the first half.\r\n\r\nOn the female front, Lindsey Shaw is an impressive actor as the protagonist\u2019s possible babe, not to mention she\u2019s appealing in her school uniform. Ivana Milicevic is cool, but kinda scary as an older woman with secrets.\r\n\r\nSome quality effort was put into the script and it contains some surprising insights about the human condition and the coming-of-age years. The score and soundtrack feature some good material, including Gus\u2019 unique take on \u201cDon\u2019t Fear the Reaper.\u201d The budget was cut severely right as filming was to commence, which explains some weaknesses (e.g. a couple gargoyle-looking werewolves and the limited environment, the latter of which really hampers the movie). Yet there\u2019s enough good here to recommend if you have a penchant for the Grade B Howling sequels. At least \u201cReborn\u201d is different from all the other installments and stands on its own.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 28 minutes and was shot in Quebec with shots of the Atlanta skyline and establishing shots of Manhattan.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [35945, 36421, 38499, 38500]}