{"tmdb_id": 75657, "title": "Carc\u00e9ral : Dans l'enfer de la taule", "original_title": "Screwed", "slug_title": "carceral-dans-l-enfer-de-la-taule", "date": "2011-06-03", "genre": ["Action / Crime"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Inspir\u00e9 de l'histoire de l'ancien gardien de prison Ronnie Thompson qui a pass\u00e9 sept ans de sa vie \u00e0 travailler dans les pires p\u00e9nitenciers d'Angleterre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/s96qa4nfF4QwimspM5PRPx7W7Ho.jpg", "actors": ["James D'Arcy (Sam)", "Noel Clarke (Truman)", "Frank Harper (Deano)", "Kate Magowan (Danielle)", "Jamie Foreman (Rumpole)", "Doug Allen (Steadman)", "Ray Panthaki (Neil)", "Andrew Shim (Jamie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Caged animals? Unleash the narrative beast please!\r\n\r\nIf ever there was a wasted opportunity to add another Great British prison movie to the roster headed by Alan Clarke\u2019s incendiary Scum, then Screwed is it. The credentials were promising. Based on the real life memoirs of Ronnie Thompson, an ex squaddie who post a tough tour of duty joined the prison service and apparently found another kind of war on the inside, and the adaptation to screen is headed by Brit thespian bad boys Noel Clarke, Frankie Harper and James D\u2019Arcy. Yet what unfolds for the duration of the pic is the standard raft of clich\u00e9s we movie fans have seen time and time again.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s some early promise that maybe this will have something to say as regards a returning war veteran, hints that the screenplay will have caustic asides on the British penal system \u2013 and the problems inherent within our prisons, but it never delivers, instead choosing to macho everything up in such a fanciful fashion you have to wonder exactly what is actually based on facts? There\u2019s also the small matter of the fact the whole picture plays as very similar to Phil Davis\u2019 excellent 1995 football hooligan movie, i.d. Only  there it was an undercover policeman getting in feral with his work, here it\u2019s a prison officer doing likewise. There\u2019s even a sex scene that is lifted straight from Davis\u2019 movie.\r\n\r\nHaving not read Thompson\u2019s book, \u201cScrewed: The Truth About Life As A Prison officer\u201d, something which I intend to correct in the immediate future, I can\u2019t vouch for the veracity of this adaptation to screen. However, the film feels empty, like it\u2019s following a guide book written by the British press on how they \u201cthink\u201d our prisons operate, fuelling the horror fire of what filmic adaptations over the decades have led us to believe are regular occurrences. Only Thompson knows the truth, both of his experiences and of how his book has been translated on screen, but all things considered it\u2019s a lazy same old same old film. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [408243, 254143, 115547, 26656], "youtube_key": "olE50u_YS3U"}