{"tmdb_id": 75717, "title": "Emir", "original_title": "Emir", "slug_title": "emir", "date": "2010-06-09", "genre": ["Musique / Drame"], "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "\"Emir\" is all about Amelia (Frenscheska Farr). Amelia hails from Ilocos and she is forced to find work abroad to provide for her family. Amelia leaves her family and everything she loves behind. Amelia applies as a nanny and is lucky enough to be the caretaker of the Sheik's pregnant wife. Later on, Amelia is given appointed nanny of the Sheik's first born son Ahmed. Through the years, Amelia will not only see Ahmed grow to a boy but she will also learn more about life's trials and tribulations, struggles of lonely worker in a foreign country.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wzZGWXGzErngInk1cGFyYodByeq.jpg", "actors": ["Frencheska Farr (Amelia)", "Bayang Barrios (Nanay)", "Bodjie Pascua (Tatay)", "Gigi Escalante (Amelia's Lola)", "Mhyco Aquino (Cris)", "Ronald Desantos (Edmund)", "Oliver Aquino (Cris)", "Anna Luna (Rachel)", "Dulce (Esther)", "Dulce (Esther)", "Julia Clarete (Angie)", "Beverly Salviejo (Diday)", "Kalila Aguilos (Tersing)", "Jhong Hilario (Boyong)", "Emil Sandoval (Jamal)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ohlalipop", "content": "The first time I've seen the trailer for this movie, I thought to myself, I should see this. Each time we watch movies at Eastwood, they would always show the trailer of this movie until eventually, I got tired of it. I mean I already memorized some of the lines. And then I saw a new trailer and I got very excited. \r\n\r\n\r\nAfter watching this movie, I couldn't say anything else but \"and ganda\". It really is wonderful. The cinematography is great. It was like watching a foreign film. The music and choreography was nice. The story is great also. I didn't even feel sleepy knowing it's already late and I was tired. \r\n\r\n\r\nI'm amazed that finally, a quality Filipino film was made. Filipinos should make more movies like this. I hope it will be shown in other countries as well. I'm surprised though that this movie is not shown in most theaters and not everyone knows about this. I mean, this is a great movie and we, the Filipinos, should all support movies like this. Enough with the same old Filipino films. This should serve an example to other producers, directors, script writers, anyone making a movie. \r\n\r\nMy rate for this movie is A."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}