{"tmdb_id": 75736, "title": "Sans compromis", "original_title": "Catch.44", "slug_title": "sans-compromis", "date": "2011-12-08", "genre": "Drame / Action / Thriller", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Tes, Dawn et Kara arrivent \u00e0 peine \u00e0 s'en sortir avec leurs petits boulots \u00e0 Las Vegas. Mais leurs vies sont boulevers\u00e9es lorsqu'elles acceptent de travailler pour un ca\u00efd local du nom de Mel. Leurs vies menac\u00e9es, elles doivent faire face \u00e0 un tueur \u00e0 gages psychotique, un trafiquant et un cuisinier d\u00e9pressif.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aiPTQGtsAMAsQr9eVoRIugDCRzM.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (Mel)", "Malin \u00c5kerman (Tes)", "Nikki Reed (Kara)", "Deborah Ann Woll (Dawn)", "Forest Whitaker (Ronny)", "Brad Dourif (Sheriff Connors)", "Shea Whigham (Billy)", "Michael Rosenbaum (Brandon)", "Reila Aphrodite (Sara)", "Edrick Browne (Devon)", "Jimmy Lee Jr. (Jesse / Trucker)", "P.J. Marshall (Deputy Elmore)", "Dan Silver (Businessman David)", "Jill Stokesberry (Francine)", "Edrick Browne (Davon)", "Amanda Bosley (Female Diner Patron)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Tries so desperately to emulate _Pulp Fiction_, that it's hard to say if _Catch .44_ would have been any good if it just tried to blaze its own trail. Seeing as it didn't, this is the movie we have: One that falls just short of \"Okay\".\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Fairly crappy Tarantino-wannabe movie. The movie is full of flashback mess. The plot is unintelligent to say the least. The opening scene is amateur evening and it doesn\u2019t get better as the movie goes on.\r\n\r\nI don\u2019t understand why Bruce Willis lowered himself to this. He looks like shit in the movie and his role is really dumb. Probably Bruce Willis worst movie ever."}], "recommandations_id": [70586, 94204, 127493, 74998]}