{"tmdb_id": 76068, "title": "Pink String and Sealing Wax", "original_title": "Pink String and Sealing Wax", "slug_title": "pink-string-and-sealing-wax", "date": "1945-11-22", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Melodrama set in Victorian Brighton. Scheming pub landlady uses the timorous son of a domineering pharmacist to assist in the poisoning of her drunkard husband. (The title is from the way pharmacists used to wrap parcels containing poison).", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7sYXTXgXziNtUni51pxKaw3QfXt.jpg", "actors": ["Mervyn Johns (Edward Sutton)", "Gordon Jackson (David Sutton)", "Googie Withers (Pearl Bond)", "Garry Marsh (Joe Bond)", "Jean Ireland (Victoria Sutton)", "Sally Ann Howes (Peggy Sutton)", "Mary Merrall (Ellen Sutton)", "Catherine Lacey (Miss Porter)", "Frederick Piper (Dr. Pepper)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Dastardly Doings At The Dolphin\r\n\r\nPink String and Sealing Wax is directed by Robert Hamer and adapted to screen by Diana Morgan from the play written by Roland Pertweee. It stars Mervyn Johns, Googie Withers, Gordon Jackson, Jean Ireland and Sally Ann Howes. Music is by Norman Demuth and cinematography by Stanley Pavey.\r\n\r\nThe wife of a pub landlord plots to rid herself of her abusive husband - roping in the innocent son of a chemist to achieve her aims.\r\n\r\nOne can sometimes forget that Ealing Studios was not solely about crafty comedies, it was a production house of many genre splinters. Here they dabble in the realm of the dark period piece, setting it in Victorian England down on the South Coast in Brighton. Essentially it's a straight forward plot line of a potential murderess and the big questions of if she does it and if so will she get away with it - more pertinently, will someone else be taking the fall?\r\n\r\nWithin this simple plotting though, there's a fascinating group of characters operating out of this part of Brighton - chiefly out of The Dolphin Public House and the local Pharmacy. There's class distinctions which grab the eyes and ears, but mostly it's the everyday actions of the main protagonists that hold court.\r\n\r\nJohns (excellent) is the pharmacist and an almost tyrannical husband and father, his treatment of his family in the name of tough love is irritatingly troubling. It's no wonder his kin want to fly the nest in search of happiness. Pub landlord Joe Bond (Gary Marsh) is an abusive drunk, while his wife Pearl (Withers top draw) is a man chaser and as we know, a murderess in waiting.\r\n\r\nThe support characters are a mixed bunch of barfly gin guzzlers, jack the lads or wannabe singers who fill the air with a shrill din. All of which is cloaked roughly with a melodramatic bleakness that's initially slow to get off the ground, but comes to the fore for dramatic worth come the second period of the story. \r\n\r\nThis is far from being Hamer on his best form, he would be saving that for Kind Hearts and Coronets 4 years later, but with Withers good value, the period flavours strong and the photography suitably set at moody, this is well worth a peak for genre enthusiasts. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [241944, 99898, 153163, 37615], "youtube_key": "notfound"}