{"tmdb_id": 76121, "title": "Coinc\u00e9e", "original_title": "Tight Spot", "slug_title": "coincee", "date": "1955-03-19", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un procureur fait sortir de prison et met \u00e0 l'abri dans un h\u00f4tel une femme, qu'il essaye de convaincre de t\u00e9moigner contre un gangster qu'elle a connu jadis. Elle est sous la sous la surveillance d'un agent, dont elle s'\u00e9prend bient\u00f4t. Cependant, le danger r\u00e8gne : la derni\u00e8re personne \u00e0 avoir accept\u00e9 de t\u00e9moign\u00e9 a \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9 assassin\u00e9e...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rrbittYkvEUFjfPp1apg1EMZJ8E.jpg", "actors": ["Ginger Rogers (Sherry Conley)", "Edward G. Robinson (Lloyd Hallett)", "Brian Keith (Vince Striker)", "Lorne Greene (Benjamin Costain)", "Eve McVeagh (Clara Moran)", "Lucy Marlow (Prison Girl)", "Katherine Anderson (Mrs. Willoughby)", "Allen Nourse (Marvin Rickles)", "Peter Leeds (Fred Packer)", "Doye O'Dell  (Mississippi Mac)", "Helen Wallace (Warden)", "Gloria Ann Simpson (Miss Masters)", "Robert Shield  (Carlyle)", "Norman Keats  (Arny)", "Frank Gerstle (Jim Hornsby)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "All we need now is a well dug grave.\r\n\r\nTight Spot is directed by Phil Karlson and adapted to screenplay by William Bowers from the play \"Dead Pigeon\" written by Leonard Kantor. It stars Ginger Rogers, Edward G. Robinson, Brian Keith, Lorne Green and Eve McVeagh. Music is by George Duning and cinematography by Burnett Guffey.\r\n\r\nSherry Conley (Rogers) is offered a way out of her prison term if she agrees to testify as a witness in the trial of mobster Benjamin Costain (Green). Holed up in a hotel room under police protection, Sherry starts to form a close relationship with Lt. Vince Striker (Keith). Just as Costain's hit-men start to close in...\r\n\r\nIs it noir or not? That's a question that has cropped up quite a bit since Columbia released it as part of their Film Noir Classics III Collection. The presence of Karlson (Kansas City Confidential), Guffey (In A Lonely Place), Bowers (The Mob) and Robinson (Scarlet Street) certainly gives it strong noir credentials on the makers front. What transpires is more crime melodrama than noir, but Tight Spot does feature noir traits. From Guffey's shadows and half lights photography, to the characterisations portrayed by Rogers and Keith, there's enough here to keep the noir faithful replenished.\r\n\r\nRogers' performance (casting) has also been much cause for debate, which is understandable as it is a role that could quite easily have been given to better femme fatale actresses of the time. Yet although she takes some getting used to, and that hair cut is just bizarre, Rogers does a nice line in sharp tongued sass, even putting some sexy sizzle in to the bargain during a slow dance sequence with Keith. She does fine work, a bit over theatrical maybe? But she nestles in nicely alongside the strong turns from Keith, Green and Robinson to lift an average story to better heights.\r\n\r\nMuch of the film is set within the confines of one hotel room, which is both a blessing and a curse. At times it works in the film's favour because Karlson is able to wring out some claustrophobia, a real sense of impending threat is evident at times. However, at other times the picture feels just too stage bound, stripping away some of the realistic atmosphere the makers strive for. There's also a problem of tonal shifts as comedy sticks its oar in at regular intervals, including a frequent visit to a hillbilly television show that serves no purpose other than to annoy Keith's increasingly agitated detective.\r\n\r\nA mixed bag without doubt, and at the half way point some may be wondering what they have let themselves in for? But the cast and makers come through in credit once the second half arrives. Because then we get action, twists and a grand finale. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30036, 27212, 28490, 46421], "youtube_key": "NzAjFQDfOnY"}