{"tmdb_id": 76163, "title": "Expendables 2 : Unit\u00e9 sp\u00e9ciale", "original_title": "The Expendables 2", "slug_title": "expendables-2-unite-speciale", "date": "2012-08-08", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Les Expendables sont de retour et cette fois, c\u2019est pour une affaire personnelle\u2026 Barney Ross, Lee Christmas, Yin Yang, Gunnar Jensen,Toll Road et Hale Caesar (accompagn\u00e9s de leurs nouveaux membres Billy the Kid et Maggie ) doivent se r\u00e9unir quand Mr. Church les engagent pour ce qui a l\u2019air d\u2019un job facile. Cela semble de l\u2019argent facilement gagn\u00e9 pour Barney et sa bande de mercenaires \u00e0 l\u2019ancienne. Mais quand les \u00e9v\u00e9nements tournent mal et que l\u2019un des leurs est tu\u00e9, les Expendables vont crier vengeance, dans un territoire hostile o\u00f9 toutes les chances sont contre eux. L\u2019\u00e9quipe tente alors une perc\u00e9e chez les forces adverses et s\u2019en prennent \u00e0 une de leurs armes : six livres de plutonium de qualit\u00e9 militaire, assez pour changer la face du monde. Mais ce ne sera rien compar\u00e9 \u00e0 ce qu\u2019ils r\u00e9servent \u00e0 celui qui a sauvagement assassin\u00e9 leur fr\u00e8re. Les r\u00e8glements de compte et cette bataille ce fera bien s\u00fbr \u00e0 la mani\u00e8re des Expendables\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pnkPz4p85GwCk8I0x9nhycn8muP.jpg", "actors": ["Sylvester Stallone (Barney Ross)", "Arnold Schwarzenegger (Trench)", "Jean-Claude Van Damme (Vilain)", "Bruce Willis (Church)", "Jet Li (Yin Yang)", "Chuck Norris (Booker)", "Jason Statham (Lee Christmas)", "Dolph Lundgren (Gunnar Jensen)", "Scott Adkins (Hector)", "Liam Hemsworth (Billy)", "Randy Couture (Toll Road)", "Terry Crews (Hale Caesar)", "Charisma Carpenter (Lacy)", "Nikolette Noel (Billy's Wife)", "Nan Yu (Maggie)", "Amanda Ooms (Pilar)", "George Zlatarev (Bojan)", "Velislav Pavlov (Sang)", "Irina Sophia Krichely (Village Woman 1)", "Lyudmila Slaneva (Village Woman 2)", "Silvia Petkova (Village Woman 3)", "Alexandra Spasova (Village Woman 4)", "Juliana Saiska (Village Woman 5)", "Sanya Borisova (Village Woman 6)", "Biliana Petrinska (Village Woman 7)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "poisoned", "content": "Jokes aren't funny. Scene logic is stupid. It\u00b4s a movie about guys with plastics in action!"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a movie that you watch for two things and two things only, the action and seeing your old favourite macho-guys on the screen again. For me, it was mostly the action since some of these old guys are really\u2026well\u2026getting old. At least Stallone, Dolph and \u201cSchwarzy\u201d starts to get well past the best before date for these type of roles. Chuck Norris and Jean-Claude Van Damme actually didn\u2019t look that old and Bruce Willis had a role where his age didn\u2019t make him seem too misplaced.\r\n\r\nThis movie is pretty much like the first The Expendables, that is some minimal story to build a whole bunch of action against. And action there is, lots of it. All of it quite well done although not always very realistic of course.\r\n\r\nIn general it seems like the so called \u201ccritics\u201d liked this movie more than the previous one. This I do not understand since I thought they were pretty similar and if nothing else, that the previous one was the better of them with a slightly more coherent and plausible plot. For instance, in this movie, old buddies where popping up out of nowhere saving their behinds with some pretty \u201cmagic\u201d display of firepower which felt like the scene was just put in there to get the actor into the movie\u2026which it probably was.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m not complaining though. I wanted and expected an all-out action movie and that was what I got. Loads of action, macho-dialogue and cheesy jokes (I quite liked Schwarzy\u2019s comment about that Smart crapmobile that they drove around inside the airport). Oh, and of course loads of references to other movies (Rambo, Terminator\u2026) and stuff as well. They even managed to get a quote from Duke Nuke\u2019m in there.\r\n\r\nI enjoyed myself immensely when watching this movie."}], "recommandations_id": [27578, 138103, 76640, 47964]}