{"tmdb_id": 76170, "title": "Wolverine : Le combat de l'immortel", "original_title": "The Wolverine", "slug_title": "wolverine-le-combat-de-l-immortel", "date": "2013-07-23", "genre": "Action / Science-Fiction / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Logan, l\u2019\u00e9ternel guerrier marginal, se retrouve au Japon. L\u00e0-bas, ses griffes en adamantium se heurteront \u00e0 l\u2019acier des samoura\u00efs. Logan sera confront\u00e9 \u00e0 une figure myst\u00e9rieuse de son pass\u00e9, dans une bataille \u00e9pique qui le changera \u00e0 jamais.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kRvfxrMhe7Q015FfbnxrUAc1eDB.jpg", "actors": ["Hugh Jackman (Logan / Wolverine)", "Hiroyuki Sanada (Shingen Harada / Lord Shingen)", "Famke Janssen (Jean Grey / Phoenix)", "Will Yun Lee (Harada)", "Tao Okamoto (Mariko Yashida / Scarlet Samurai)", "Rila Fukushima (Yukio / Pinkie Pie)", "Svetlana Khodchenkova (Madame Hydra / Viper)", "Haruhiko Yamanouchi (Ichiro Yashida / Silver Samurai)", "Brian Tee (Noburo Mori)", "Patrick Stewart (Charles Xavier / Professor X (uncredited))", "Ian McKellen (Erik Lehnsherr / Magneto (uncredited))", "Ken Yamamura (Young Yashida)", "Shinji Ikefuji (Pock-Face)", "Qyoko Kudo (Aya)", "Conrad Coleby (Red Beard)", "Taris Tyler (Bar Man (Red Beard's Friend))", "Sarah Naylor-Liddell (Yukon Bar Patron)", "Nobuaki Kakuda (Buddhist Priest)", "Takao Kinoshita (Fruit Cart Vendor)", "Allan Poppleton (Yukon Bar Patron)", "Garret Sato (Dying Yakuza)", "Hiroshi Kasuga (Yashida Security Guard)", "Richard Cansino (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Wendy Cutler (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Jeff Fischer (ADR Voice Cast (voice))", "Lex Lang (ADR Voice Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "zerolimit", "content": "I am a big fan of The Volverine movies but this one didn't have to much in it! I even watch it again to see if I miss anything. I would say this is a good movie to watch when you have some free time not a MUST watch movie! still a good one at it!"}, {"pseudo": "loraco", "content": "I was also a little disappointed. Especially the giant\r\nsamurai suite raised question marks. I wonder what will happen next since Wolverine's claws are cut off.\r\n\r\nDr. Green (alias Viper) reminds me of Poison Ivy (Batman). Somehow I didn't like that. Yukio, the red head, is cool tho."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Seeing Hugh Jackman as the wolverine is always a pleasure but this one is not thrilling at all. Just skip it unless you are a real fan."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is definitely a good and entertaining movie. For me however, it falls short of being great due to a couple of things that I really did not like. Be warned that the rest of this review contains a few spoilers if you have not watched the movie before reading this.\r\n\r\nThe movie begins quite well. I liked Wolverine getting into that bar taking revenge on the idiot hunting bears with poisoned darts. Then it did not continue so well. My main issue is that they screw with Wolverines healing powers really early on in the movie so that he is handicapped for a good chunk of it. I really did not like that. Now this does not stop there from being quite a few cool action sequences. The fight sequence on the Japanese bullet train was quite cool although a wee bit too drawn out perhaps.\r\n\r\nEventually he manages to get his powers back although the happiness does not last very long. In the final combat they actually deprive Wolverine of his adamantium claws and it doesn\u2019t look like he gets those back. What the f\u2026 is that? Sure, he regrows his original bone claws but that is not the same thing. Wolverine should have his adamantium claws, full stop. This is something I really dislike with a lot of Hollywood producers and directors now. They feel that they have to create some shock effect by destroying icons and constants in the world of movie fantasy. Like blowing up the Enterprise over and over again. I just hate it and for me this is the one thing that really stops this from being a great movie. Either they somehow give him back his proper claws or they can just as well make a reboot as far as I am concerned.\r\n\r\nIt is quite sad that they, I will not say ruined but at least, diminished the movie in this way. Otherwise it would have been a great movie. It has a lot of nice action, a not too bad script and Hugh Jackman is very good as Wolverine. Actually the only one I thought was somewhat si so is Dr Green who\u2019s acting is rather pathetic.\r\n\r\nAll in all a good and entertaining movie that could have been a lot better if it was not for the Hollywood dimwits who felt they had to put something shocking in it and screwed it up."}], "recommandations_id": [2080, 36668, 36658, 49538]}