{"tmdb_id": 76338, "title": "Thor : Le Monde des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres", "original_title": "Thor: The Dark World", "slug_title": "thor-le-monde-des-tenebres", "date": "2013-10-29", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Fantastique", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Thor se bat pour restaurer l\u2019ordre \u00e0 travers l\u2019univers\u2026 Mais une ancienne race men\u00e9e par le mena\u00e7ant Malekith revient pour pr\u00e9cipiter l\u2019univers dans les t\u00e9n\u00e8bres. Face \u00e0 un ennemi auquel m\u00eame Odin et Asgard ne peuvent r\u00e9sister, Thor doit s\u2019embarquer dans son plus p\u00e9rilleux voyage jusqu\u2019\u00e0 ce jour, au cours duquel il retrouvera Jane Foster et sera contraint de tout sacrifier pour sauver l'humanit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c4RDiyeI1SYRaSwZBLCr0U4Wwd4.jpg", "actors": ["Chris Hemsworth (Thor Odinson)", "Natalie Portman (Jane Foster)", "Tom Hiddleston (Loki)", "Anthony Hopkins (Odin)", "Christopher Eccleston (Malekith)", "Jaimie Alexander (Sif)", "Zachary Levi (Fandral)", "Ray Stevenson (Volstagg)", "Tadanobu Asano (Hogun)", "Idris Elba (Heimdall)", "Rene Russo (Frigga)", "Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Algrim / Kurse)", "Kat Dennings (Darcy Lewis)", "Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd (Erik Selvig)", "Alice Krige (Eir)", "Clive Russell (Tyr)", "Jonathan Howard (Ian Boothby)", "Ramone Morgan (John)", "Obada Alassadi (Navid)", "Imaan Chentouf (Maddie)", "Claire Brown (Volstagg's Wife)", "Henry Calcutt (Volstagg's Child #1)", "Ava Caton (Volstagg's Child #2)", "Abbie McCann (Volstagg's Child #3)", "Thomas Arnold (Desk Officer)", "Sam Swainsbury (Stonehenge TV News Reporter)", "Connor Donaghey (Sad Child)", "Royce Pierreson (Student)", "Annabel Norbury (Woman on Platform)", "Sophie Cosson (Wench #1)", "Chris O'Dowd (Richard)", "Justin Edwards (Police Officer #1)", "Gruffudd Glyn (Police Officer #2)", "Richard Brake (Einherjar Lieutenant)", "Stan Lee (Himself)", "Steve Scott (Himself)", "Brett Tucker (Einherjar Guard)", "Talulah Riley (Nurse)", "Richard Wharton (Asylum Patient)", "Tony Curran (Bor (uncredited))", "Chris Evans (Loki as Captain America (uncredited))", "Benicio del Toro (Taneleer Tivan / The Collector (uncredited))", "Ophelia Lovibond (Carina (uncredited))", "Elsa Pataky (Jane Foster stand-in (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "There have been plenty of movies based on classical cartoon superheroes that have been poorly implemented and with a lousy story. Luckily this one is not one of those. This was really a very enjoyable movie and I liked this movie a lot better than the first Thor movie which I felt was mostly silly.\r\n\r\nThis one has a story which was rather okay and held somewhat together. You have to remember that this is a comic book hero and the story is on that level of course. The special effects and the scenery is really nice as well. The views of Asgard is cool, almost breathtaking.\r\n\r\nAnthony Hopkins was excellent as Odin or Oden has he is called in Sweden, my country of birth. Tom Hiddleston is also very good in his role although I have to say that I really do not like his role but then he is supposed to be one of the bad guys so\u2026 Chris Hemsworth is good enough in his role but I would say that he is really the weakest ones in terms of acting.\r\n\r\nThe movie is liberally sprinkled with jokes as well and, thankfully, most of them are not too bad. Although a bit silly I have to say that I did laugh when Thor politely hung Mj\u00f6lnir on the clothes rack in the apartment with Darcy and Dr. Selvig.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I enjoyed this movie tremendously."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "More of the same. Predecible non elaborated script and with a total lack of sense of humor.\r\n\r\nThe FX are, again, OK, but the feeling of swords, axes, armors and helmets is of cheap plastic."}, {"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "Watching Thor: The Dark World tonight, I got the feeling that Hollywood might have finally figured it out. In theory, a sequel should always surpass its predecessor, although as we all know, many have tried and famously failed. But a new trend seems to finally be breaking through. X2 was better than X-Men. Spider-Man 2 was better than the first. And now that I've seen it, I can tell you Thor: The Dark World\u2026 is better than Thor. (And the fact that these are all Marvel productions, that's food for anther discussion.)\r\n\r\nI thoroughly enjoyed Thor, directed by Kenneth Branagh, when I only saw it for the first time just this spring. In fact, I watched it again the same week. Which is saying enough to imply that my hopes were high for the sequel. So I was really looking forward to tonight and I was not disappointed.\r\n\r\nThor 2 was helmed by a different director, Alan Taylor, which typically always spells trouble in my book when they change the director, but I take my hat off to him. What I admire is that he managed to capture the tone that Branagh set in the first film flawlessly \u2013 even perfected it in a way. He brings to the table a duality which almost never works successfully in any film, but here, does so perfectly: Taylor made Thor 2 notably darker, yet at the same time more humorous. I take my hat off to the writers as well \u2013 they put in a ton of great jokes, all at the exactly right moment. Had this been done even a fraction less tactfully, the film would have sunk like a bag of bricks, like so many others have. I found myself (and the audience) laughing my butt off one moment, and feeling very serious and engaged with the on-screen emotions the next. Even when it happened abruptly, it still never felt inappropriate. Now that's good entertainment. Two thumbs up.\r\n\r\nThe actors all wear their roles like a custom-made suit. It's obvious that Chris Hemsworth has really grown into his character, third time around. This guy IS Thor, hands down. The same goes for all the other actors, they were all perfectly comfortable in their roles and respective environments. The one that intrigued me most, however, was Loki \u2013 personified absolutely magnificently by Tom Hiddleston. Much like Hemsworth, it seems he was born to play this role. He captures all the slyness, all the arrogance and all the torment of a man almost unable to bear the weight of his own ego in a single flicker in his eyes. And then that grin\u2026 Perfection. The way Hiddleston plays Loki is strangely captivating. You know he's totally wicked and cannot be trusted, yet at the same time you can't help but really like him \u2013 you might even end up rooting for this guy, and I'm not sure many other actors would have managed this.\r\n\r\nAll the special effects were as good as one should expect them to be these days. I have nothing much to say there, except that it was all terrifically eye-pleasing, and Asgard looked even more beautiful than before. It was all convincing and very well done. \r\n\r\nStill, I have not completely explained why T:TDW is better than the first. Actually, I might not fully be able to. It's mostly a feeling. As much as I was entertained the first time, I was even more entertained now. It was more action-packed, more exciting, darker and it just had a great deal more adrenaline. \r\n\r\nThe only thing that I think was weaker in this film, was the character of Jane Foster. Her character was just less interesting, kind of blank. I actually don't remember much of her at all, except that she slapped Thor a couple of times and she had all this creepy stuff coming out of her\u2026 Also she was somewhat of a damsel-in-distress most of the time with the look of a scared kitten on her face, and that's not exactly how we like to see our ladies nowadays. It's so common to see women being perfectly independent now, that it's a little weird to see a grown woman with \"three degrees in physics\" (as Darcy so poignantly points out) scared and shivering like a little girl. Most of the time, Natalie Portman just didn't carry her scenes very strongly, and that's strange coming from such a fine actress. So maybe one of the actors was actually a little out of place after all, thinking about it. \r\n\r\nHaving said that, that's pretty much my only complaint. Every other element in this film was very solid, the story was very good and they absolutely nailed the pacing. Those two hours went by in the blink of a eye. \r\n\r\nThor: The Dark World is wonderfully entertaining and a definite must-see for every Marvel fan. In fact \u2013 at the risk of enraging the Marvel Gods \u2013 this might just be pretty stiff competition to X-Men\u2026 Watch out Wolverine, I think I have a new favorite superhero.\r\n_(November 2013)_"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long format review from 2013**\r\n\r\nDespite a virtually non-existent (comparatively) promotional campaign for Marvel\u2019s latest effort, Thor: The Dark World has crushed its competition box-office-wise. Though receiving less critical acclaim than Captain Phillips or Gravity, it did clean up in the finance department.\r\n\r\nI\u2019ve made no secret of the fact that in the MCU, my favourite Avenger is Thor, so a new film was always going to be an easy ticket from me. And I can\u2019t work out if that bias is making me more critical of the film because I care so much, or less because I\u2019m just happy it got made? I\u2019ll try to be as above board as possible.\r\n\r\nThor 2 is a spectacle, make no mistake. It has the appropriate mix of explosions, attractive people, monsters, humour, fighting, mesmerising visuals, sweet symbolism and heart-wrenching sorrow that can be expected from a decent super hero film. But beyond that, it doesn\u2019t really have much.\r\n\r\nI know it sounds like it has a lot, and it honestly does, but I just couldn\u2019t help feeling in a quite a number of moments that the thing felt hurried. Maybe if there wasn\u2019t such a mad rush to get a Thor sequel out by the end of 2013, they could have spent a little more time fleshing out and filling in the script (not that it\u2019s a short movie, I mean the pre-production feels rushed) and better utilising director Alan Taylor (Game of Thrones, Rome, Carnivale). There was a hint of the generic, amongst this otherwise splendid film.\r\n\r\n73%\r\n\r\n-Gimly"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Thor: The Dark World represents all of the MCU's worst tendencies: shoehorned humour at the expense of good scenes, a cookie cutter underdeveloped villain, and an over reliance on big outlandish explosions. It doesn't help that the story is also convoluted and lame, made even worse because it introduces the second infinity stone.\r\n\r\nAll in all, Thor: The Dark World is not a terrible movie. It's just far more clich\u00e9 than its predecessors, and that's disappointing."}], "recommandations_id": [10195, 100402, 99861, 1771]}