{"tmdb_id": 76341, "title": "Mad Max : Fury Road", "original_title": "Mad Max: Fury Road", "slug_title": "mad-max-fury-road", "date": "2015-05-13", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction", "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Hant\u00e9 par un lourd pass\u00e9, Mad Max estime que le meilleur moyen de survivre est de rester seul. Cependant, il se retrouve embarqu\u00e9 par une bande qui parcourt le d\u00e9sert \u00e0 bord d'un v\u00e9hicule militaire pilot\u00e9 par l'Imp\u00e9ratrice Furiosa. Ils fuient la Citadelle o\u00f9 s\u00e9vit le terrible Immortan Joe qui s'est fait voler un objet irrempla\u00e7able. Enrag\u00e9, ce Seigneur de guerre envoie ses hommes pour traquer les rebelles impitoyablement...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oLy2V6AWSEfdPgKOtrSGnwB3Q2R.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hardy (Max Rockatansky)", "Charlize Theron (Imperator Furiosa)", "Nicholas Hoult (Nux)", "Hugh Keays-Byrne (Immortan Joe)", "Josh Helman (Slit)", "Nathan Jones (Rictus Erectus)", "Zo\u00eb Kravitz (Toast the Knowing)", "Rosie Huntington-Whiteley (The Splendid Angharad)", "Riley Keough (Capable)", "Abbey Lee (The Dag)", "Courtney Eaton (Cheedo the Fragile)", "John Howard (The People Eater)", "Richard Carter (The Bullet Farmer)", "Iota (The Doof Warrior)", "Angus Sampson (The Organic Mechanic)", "Jennifer Hagan (Miss Giddy)", "Megan Gale (The Valkyrie)", "Melissa Jaffer (Keeper of the Seeds)", "Melita Juri\u0161i\u0107 (The Vuvalini)", "Gillian Jones (The Vuvalini)", "Joy Smithers (The Vuvalini)", "Antoinette Kellerman (The Vuvalini)", "Christina Koch (The Vuvalini)", "Jon Iles (The Ace)", "Quentin Kenihan (Corpus Colossus)", "Coco Jack Gillies (Glory the Child)", "Chris Patton (Morsov)", "Stephen Dunlevy (The Rock Rider Chief / The Winchman)", "Richard Norton (The Prime Imperator)", "Vince Roxburgh (Imperator)", "John Walton (Imperator)", "Ben Smith-Petersen (Chanting War Boy / Red Flare Warrior)", "Russ McCarroll (Blood 'Shed' War Boy)", "Judd Wild (War Rig War Boy)", "Elizabeth Cunico (Milking Mother)", "Greg Van Borssum (Ripsaw Imperator / The Breakman)", "Rob Jones (Ripsaw Driver)", "Sebastian Dickins (Polecat Lookout)", "Darren Mitchell (Black Mask)", "Crusoe Kurddal (The Accusing Dead)", "Shyan Tonga (The Accusing Dead)", "Cass Comerford (The Wretched)", "Albert Lee (The Wretched)", "Riley Paton (War Pups)", "Ripley Voeten (War Pup)", "Riley Paton (War Pup)", "Maycn Van Borssum (War Pup)", "Hunter Stratton Boland (War Pup)", "Nathan Jenkins (War Pup)", "Fletcher Gill (War Pup)", "Whiley Toll (War Pup)", "Ferdinand Hengombe (Drummer)", "Gadaffi Davsab (Drummer)", "Noddy Alfred (Drummer)", "Jackson Hengombe (Drummer)", "Christian Fane (Drummer)", "Callum Gallagher (Drummer)", "Abel Hofflin (Drummer)", "Lee Perry (The Many Voices (voice))", "Hiroshi Kasuga (The Wretched (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Phileas Fogg", "content": "Fabulous action movie. Lots of interesting characters. They don't make many movies like this. The whole movie from start to finish was entertaining I'm looking forward to seeing it again. I definitely recommend seeing it."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Good action movie with a decent script for the genre. The photography is really good too but, in the end, it is quite repeating itself from beginning to end and the stormy OST is exhausting."}, {"pseudo": "extoix", "content": "Awesome movie!  WITNESS ME will stick with me forever!"}, {"pseudo": "Cineport", "content": "Fantastic action that makes up for some plot holes."}, {"pseudo": "balumahendran", "content": "Wonderful action movie. Scenes are unimaginable. Lots of graphics used in this movie. This is totally a very good action movie."}, {"pseudo": "simonTheDiver", "content": "I was never a fan of the original Mad Max films but this one just blew me away. There was something so powerfully visceral about this on the big screen. It was a fun on assault on the sense , in a good way. Its spectacle rather than plot driven so may not fare as well on the smaller screen. Watch on the largest possible tv in a darkened room with the phone and other gadgets off. Crank up the volume."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I would say that this movie is pretty much the kind of movie that I expected it to be. That being said I think it was a bit softer than I hoped it to be. I think that, again, the Hollywood plonkers have opted to make a movie that got a more palate rating (to them and their cash registers) than what it should have been. It is not as obvious as with Robocop and a few other movies but the feeling is there.\r\n\r\nIt is still a fairly entertaining movie. It is of course yet another special effects movie and as such it does not disappoint. It differs from a lot of the usual special effects movies in that the effects are pretty down to Earth in a bizarre way. We are not talking about superheroes or near magical technologies here but instead we have a devastated landscape, scrounged together equipment and a totally ludicrous desire to blow up the last remains of human civilisation. The bizarre vehicle designs and the totally ridicules behaviour of a lot of people in this movie is alone worth watching it to be honest.\r\n\r\nAs with the previous Mad Max movies this one stretches the bounds of reality (I hope) when it comes to human behaviour and how they waste the few precious resources, specifically gasoline and bullets, that remains after the apocalypse. It provides some spectacular scenery but it also puts a bit of \u201cwhat the f\u2026\u201d feeling to it all. Not that this part is not expected from a Mad Max movie though.\r\n\r\nWhat I think was my largest let-down in the movie was the Mad Max character itself. To me he is supposed to be a real bad-ass. In this movie he was not really that impressive. He certainly was far from the original Mad Max character in my opinion and was really overshadowed by the Furiosa character. I could have lived with that if this character would have been really impressive but she was not. She was cool but she was still underwhelming when comparing to anything in the original bad-ass Mad Max universe. I would say that Tina Turner and Mel Gibson still rules!\r\n\r\nStill it is a decent futuristic, apocalyptic action movie, maybe not living up to this old movie geeks expectations, but not at all a wasted movie evening. The sound track of the Blu-ray certainly gave my subwoofer an exercise as well."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**The following is a long form review that I originally wrote in 2015.**\r\n\r\nI\u2019ll keep this\u2019n somewhat brief, because I only saw the movie once and it was a few days ago now. Some time later on though, I will post a spoiler talk that goes into greater depth. For now though, enjoy this spoiler free review of _Mad Max: Fury Road_!\r\n\r\nThe number one complaint I\u2019ve been seeing about _Fury Road_ is that there\u2019s not much of a story. I would respond by saying, there might not be as much story as you could **want**, but there is certainly as much as you could **need**. The plot isn\u2019t deep, or complex, or intricate, or philosophical. but it\u2019s there, and it makes sense. Just last year, _John Wick_ showed us that you can get away with a pretty thin premise, if you work hard enough on building a thick, palpable world. And the world of _Fury Road_ is something else entirely, I can see why people aren\u2019t blown away by the story, but the world is incredible.\r\n\r\nThere has been much discussion as to whether Max himself, or his cohort Furiosa (played by Charlize Theron) is the star of the film. I would argue that neither of them are. Director George Miller is. This is his vision. Warner Brothers took a big risk when they handed a 70 year old man nearly two hundred million dollars to revitalise his franchise which has been dead for 30 years, then get out of the way and let him do his thing. But it paid off. _Fury Road_ is more of an \u201cexperience\u201d than most movies are, it just happens to be a great film, too.\r\n\r\nThe stunt work and visual effects deserve praise all to themselves. According to the filmmakers, roughly ten percent of all the effects were done with CGI. The other NINETY are practical, and it oozes with that spectacle. You really can feel the maximum force of the future sitting in that theatre, which is a rare and unexpected pleasure.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s my highest rated film of 2015 thus far, in fact, it\u2019s one of only five films I\u2019ve given more than 4 stars in the past five years. So please don\u2019t take the recommendation lightly when I ask you all to go out and support this movie. Just make sure you do it in the biggest, best quality cinema you can, because this latest entry to the _Mad Max_ franchise is worth it.\r\n\r\n91%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [286217, 264660, 137113, 87101]}