{"tmdb_id": 764, "title": "Evil Dead", "original_title": "The Evil Dead", "slug_title": "evil-dead", "date": "1981-10-15", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Cinq jeunes vacanciers s'installent dans une baraque au c\u0153ur d'une sinistre for\u00eat. En descendant dans une cave lugubre, les deux gar\u00e7ons de la bande d\u00e9couvrent un vieux magn\u00e9tophone qui une fois remis en marche, \u00e9met une incantation magique. Laquelle r\u00e9veille les forces du mal, d\u00e9clenchant ainsi une horreur sans nom...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mI5prkQOx5nMzQV4N7n6avAWxqK.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Campbell (Ashley 'Ash' J. Williams)", "Ellen Sandweiss (Cheryl)", "Richard DeManincor (Scott)", "Betsy Baker (Linda)", "Theresa Tilly (Shelly)", "Sam Raimi (Hitchhiking Fisherman)", "Philip A. Gillis (Fake Shemp)", "Dorothy Tapert (Fake Shemp)", "Cheryl Guttridge (Fake Shemp)", "Barbara Carey (Fake Shemp)", "Ted Raimi (Fake Shemp)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1981 (but not until April, 1983, in the USA) and written & directed by Sam Raimi, \u201cThe Evil Dead\u201d chronicles events when five Michigan State students travel to a remote cabin in western Tennessee for spring break wherein they discover a copy of the Book of the Dead and an audiotape whose incantations resurrect demons in the woods. Havoc ensues.  \r\n\r\nThis is a cult classic movie and the famous director\u2019s first full-length feature. It only cost $350,000 to make and was shot in 1979, as well as the first weeks of 1980. Bruce Campbell makes for a quality protagonist and there\u2019s a good trio of girl-next-door types (Ellen Sandweiss, Theresa Tilly and Betsy Baker), but Raimi only really takes advantage of these feminine resources with Sandweiss as Cheryl. \r\n\r\nThe first half of the movie is great, which involves the five students\u2019 arrival to the cabin and the initial possession/attack sequences. It\u2019s atmospheric, well executed and compelling. The second half, however, is redundant. While each new attack ups the ante it\u2019s basically more of the same in the same setting (the cabin). Don\u2019t get me wrong, the second half is effective chaotic & chilling horror with loads of cartoony gore, but it\u2019s too one-dimensional with no meaty subtext to chew on. It\u2019s just people being attacked by hideous creatures, one after the other. \r\n\r\nThis simplistic approach CAN work, as witnessed by 1972's \"Gargoyles,\" but in that movie the initial gargoyle attacks led to a captivating confrontation in their hellish cave complex in the last act. The latter half of \"The Evil Dead,\" by contrast, is just one attack after another in the same general setting. But the latter half of \u201cThe Evil Dead\u201d is just one attack after another in the same general setting. This might work for 11-14 year-olds who are wowed by cartoonish gore and constant diabolic thrills, but it doesn\u2019t work for more mature people who require some element of mindfood or, at least, variation to keep interested. Another negative is the final gory sequence which is decidedly low-budget and cartoony, albeit creatively and expertly done on a film student level. \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 25 minutes and was shot in Morristown, Tennessee, with additional work done in Michigan.            \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [765, 766, 9003, 10331]}