{"tmdb_id": 76568, "title": "La Vall\u00e9e de la poudre", "original_title": "The Sheepman", "slug_title": "la-vallee-de-la-poudre", "date": "1958-05-07", "genre": "Western / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Eleveur de moutons, Jason Sweet cherche \u00e0 imposer son cheptel dans une r\u00e9gion o\u00f9 l'\u00e9levage dominant a toujours \u00e9t\u00e9 le boeuf.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3SkpnsQVu4YOxSECS5lWawLDlO1.jpg", "actors": ["Glenn Ford (Jason Sweet)", "Shirley MacLaine (Dell Payton)", "Leslie Nielsen (Col. Stephen Bedford)", "Mickey Shaughnessy (Jumbo McCall)", "Edgar Buchanan (Milt Masters)", "Pernell Roberts (Chocktaw Neal)", "Slim Pickens (Marshal)", "Robert 'Buzz' Henry (Red)", "Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez (Angelo)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Nothing sheepish about this Beef and Lamb Hot Pot.\r\n\r\nThe Sheepman is directed by George Marshall and written by William Bowers, James Edward Grant and William Roberts. It stars Glenn Ford, Shirley MacLaine, Leslie Nielsen, Mickey Shaughnessy, Edgar Buchanan, Willis Bouchey, Pernell Roberts, and Slim Pickens. Music is by Jeff Alexander and cinematography by Robert J. Bronner.\r\n\r\nUtterly delightful semi-comic Oater, The Sheepman pitches Ford as sheep farmer Jason Sweet, who arrives in Powder Valley - a place ruled by cattle ranchers only - and upturns the applecart by announcing he intends to let his sheep graze on the lands there. Trouble, motives and back stories will out!\r\n\r\nWith the exception of some poor rear projection work, this is a pic that's constructed with style and humour. The opening is a doozy as Sweet quickly puts down a marker in the town, with a glint in his eye and a punch of some force. It's an irresistible characterisation by Ford, deftly blending humour with machismo, setting up the rest of the film by firmly pulling us viewers onto his side. Supporting cast are bang on the money, doing justice to well written characters (the screenplay was Oscar nominated), with the writing also having some nous via twists and a commitment to never let the story be boring or twee.\r\n\r\nAn absolute must see film for fans of the irrepressible Glenn Ford. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [211566, 142148, 69472, 111043]}