{"tmdb_id": 765, "title": "Evil dead 2", "original_title": "Evil Dead II", "slug_title": "evil-dead-2", "date": "1987-03-13", "genre": "Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Fantastique", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans un chalet qui semble abandonn\u00e9, Ash et Annie d\u00e9couvrent un magn\u00e9tophone. Ils le mettent en route et entendent la voix du Professeur Knoby qui a r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 traduire le livre des morts. Mais ses paroles r\u00e9veillent l\u2019Esprit du Mal. Annie dispara\u00eet. Ash est poursuivi par une force \u00e9trange. A son r\u00e9veil, il est poss\u00e9d\u00e9 par le Mal, mais au lever du soleil, retrouve son apparence normale. Il cherche en vain \u00e0 s\u2019enfuir et se r\u00e9fugie \u00e0 nouveau dans le chalet. Des spectres hideux s\u2019en prennent \u00e0 lui\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cb9rEuJNPDdP9oOd08ThdqMQ0zS.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Campbell (Ashley 'Ash' J. Williams)", "Sarah Berry (Annie Knowby)", "Dan Hicks (Jake)", "Kassie DePaiva (Bobby Joe)", "Denise Bixler (Linda)", "Richard Domeier (Ed Getley)", "John Peakes (Professor Raymond Knowby)", "Lou Hancock (Henrietta Knowby)", "Ted Raimi (Possessed Henrietta)", "Josh Becker (Fake Shemp)", "Scott Spiegel (Fake Shemp)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Flaming Groovy!\r\n\r\nYes indeed, Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell are back to shake some action with this remake of their own The Evil Dead (1981), only this time with more money and more overt humour. A quick prologue sets things up nicely, then BAM! Ash (Campbell) and his squeeze are in the cabin of doom and about to be part of a night of unholy demonic terror.\r\n\r\nIt's a nightmare of the black comedy kind, where Raimi and Campbell invite us to a party and then gleefully pummel us into submission - and we sado-masochistically enjoy it! Ash has grown a pair of cojones and decides to fight back against the demonic forces, cue mucho action with chainsaw and shotgun. There's a quip on the tongue for our hero as well, even as he is battered from pillar to post to make the action work.\r\n\r\nRaimi isn't interested in extraneous scenes or exposition, he strips it bare as the pic hurtles along, all while he brings his technical skills with camera and sound design to the fore. The humour is often outrageous, dementedly so, while it's nice to find a group of film makers who don't feel the need to now throw blood and guts at the screen every other scene just to make a formulaic impact.\r\n\r\nBonkers, chilling and devilishly funny. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "RELEASED IN 1987 and written & directed by Sam Raimi, \u201cThe Evil Dead\u201d chronicles events when two Michigan State students (Bruce Campbell & Denise Bixler) travel to a remote cabin in western Tennessee for spring break wherein they discover a copy of the Book of the Dead and an audiotape whose incantations resurrect demons in the woods. The daughter of the archeologist who made the tape (Sarah Berry) also visits the cabin with her beau (Richard Domeier) and a couple of dubious locals (Dan Hicks & Kassie Wesley DePaiva).  \r\n\r\nThe first film was low-budget, cartoony and extreme, but it was serious horror. This sequel is also cartoony and extreme, but it\u2019s decidedly comedy horror. It\u2019s entertaining for what it is, but it\u2019s hindered by a confusing opening \u201crecap\u201d that doesn\u2019t match the previous film. Raimi stated that he didn\u2019t have the rights to use material from the original movie so he did a 7-minute recap with only two people instead of five (with Denise Bixler taking over the role of Linda). But there are other inconsistencies: The Book of the Dead and audiotape is found in a room rather than the basement and Ash (Campbell) later \u201crediscovers\u201d that the bridge is out, which he already knew via events in the first film. \r\n\r\nOnce you get past the awkward and perplexing set-up, the movie settles into an entertaining over-the-top gory horror comedy, which is so creative it\u2019s as if it was made by a lunatic. Bixler is a great replacement in the role of Linda, but her part is too brief and you only catch glimpses of her stunning beauty. It took me a while to warm up to Annie (Berry), but I eventually did and she\u2019s a worthy secondary protagonist. There are several amusing and thrilling sequences, like the demonic hand scenes.      \r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour & 24 minutes and was shot in Wadesboro and (studio) Wilmington, North Carolina, with supplementary work done in Detroit. ADDITIONAL WRITER: Scott Spiegel.            \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [764, 766, 763, 923]}