{"tmdb_id": 76640, "title": "Le Dernier Rempart", "original_title": "The Last Stand", "slug_title": "le-dernier-rempart", "date": "2013-01-12", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une op\u00e9ration rat\u00e9e qui l\u2019a laiss\u00e9 rong\u00e9 par les remords et les regrets, Ray Owens a quitt\u00e9 son poste \u00e0 la brigade des stup\u00e9fiants de Los Angeles. Il est d\u00e9sormais le sh\u00e9rif de la paisible petite ville de Sommerton Junction, tout pr\u00e8s de la fronti\u00e8re mexicaine. Mais sa tranquillit\u00e9 vole en \u00e9clats lorsque Gabriel Cortez, le baron de la drogue le plus recherch\u00e9 du monde, r\u00e9ussit une \u00e9vasion spectaculaire d\u2019un convoi du FBI, semant les cadavres derri\u00e8re lui\u2026 Avec l\u2019aide d\u2019une bande de truands et de mercenaires dirig\u00e9s par le glacial Burrell, Cortez s\u2019enfuit vers la fronti\u00e8re \u00e0 400 km/h dans une Corvette ZR1 sp\u00e9ciale, et il a un otage\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eOfpuaNcCcitHi3HOik7XFavRP4.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (Sheriff Ray Owens)", "Forest Whitaker (Agent John Bannister)", "Rodrigo Santoro (Frank Martinez)", "Johnny Knoxville (Lewis Dinkum)", "Jaimie Alexander (Sarah Torrance)", "Luis Guzm\u00e1n (Mike Figuerola)", "Peter Stormare (Burrell)", "G\u00e9nesis Rodr\u00edguez (Agent Ellen Richards)", "Zach Gilford (Jerry Bailey)", "John Patrick Amedori (Agent Mitchell)", "Daniel Henney (Phil Hayes)", "Eduardo Noriega (Gabriel Cortez)", "Christiana Leucas (Christie)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Mr. Parson)", "Kristen Rakes (Agent Devers)", "Diana R. Lupo (Magnet Girl)", "Billy Blair (Man in Orange Suit)", "Titos Menchaca (Mayor)", "John Eric Bentley (ADR Cast (voice))", "Joe Cappelletti (ADR Cast (voice))", "David Cowgill (ADR Cast (voice))", "Eddie Frierson (ADR Cast (voice))", "Kate Higgins (ADR Cast (voice))", "Amanda Philipson (ADR Cast (voice))", "Sam Riegel (ADR Cast (voice))", "Cindy Robinson (ADR Cast (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "EvilAlchemist", "content": "Great Comeback for Arnold. Great Action Movie!!!"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I was prepared to be disappointed by this comeback by Arnold Schwarzenegger. After all he is fairly far from the shape he once had. Luckily I was not. This is a quite enjoyable movie. Sure it is falls short compared to his previous really hard hitters but it is still a good movie. The plot is okay although a fairly standard one. Escaped criminal races for the border, hero sheriff (good old Schwarzy) stands in his way. Been there, seen that, done that. It is a plot that works though and the racing maniac and bridge building twist made it not feel too old.\r\n\r\nIt was fun to see Arnold in a leading role gain although he did look a bit rusty. He also felt a bit wimpier than he used to. Sure, he beat, stabbed and shot the bad guys for a good enough chunk of the movie but it was with a bit more hesitation and without the \u201cI\u2019m gonna kick your ass\u201d attitude that he used to have. For being an experienced guy he, that is him in his role as the sheriff, also seemed to bungle it every now and then. The scene where he turns his back to the bad guy and, of course, gets stabbed annoyed me quite a lot for example.\r\n\r\nIt is always nice to see Peter Stormare in a movie. Not just because he is from my native country but I do like him as an actor. He put the necessary spice on the bad guys which was quite needed since, personally, I thought Gabriel Cortex was a somewhat shallow mad drug baron stereotype. Seeing him floor it or change gear became somewhat boring after the 5th or so time. Also that scene where he bumps a Suburban of the hood of the Corvette was just silly. No way would the hood, or the car for that matter, stand for that. I just do not understand why producers/directors continue do these obvious and arrogant we-think-the-audience-is-to-stupid-to-notice things. News-flash: we are not that stupid!\r\n\r\nForest Whitaker was not too bad as the FBI guy being screwed over and I did like Luis Guzm\u00e1n as one of the sheriff\u2019s sidekicks. Otherwise the team was somewhat bland. I guess the historical weapons guy was supposed to be funny but I mostly found him silly. The shootout between the sheriff\u2019s team and the bad guys at the end of the movie was quite fun to watch but, at the same time, fairly silly. There was not much real life logic in how it played out. The bloody bus they used to move the machine gun into place made no sense at all for instance except as a reason to make some driving stunts with a bus.\r\n\r\nThe bottom line though is that, for me, this was a enjoyable movie and not at all the bungled comeback attempt that I was afraid it would turn out to be."}], "recommandations_id": [119283, 70074, 76163, 47964], "youtube_key": "k1wCAsZ9Jb0"}