{"tmdb_id": 76726, "title": "Chronicle", "original_title": "Chronicle", "slug_title": "chronicle", "date": "2012-02-01", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 en contact avec une myst\u00e9rieuse substance, trois lyc\u00e9ens se d\u00e9couvrent des super-pouvoirs. La chronique de leur vie qu\u2019ils tenaient sur les r\u00e9seaux sociaux n\u2019a d\u00e9sormais plus rien d\u2019ordinaire\u2026 D\u2019abord tent\u00e9s d\u2019utiliser leurs nouveaux pouvoirs pour jouer des tours \u00e0 leurs proches, ils vont vite prendre la mesure de ce qui leur est possible. Leurs fabuleuses aptitudes les entra\u00eenent chaque jour un peu plus au-del\u00e0 de tout ce qu\u2019ils auraient pu imaginer. Leur sentiment de puissance et d\u2019immortalit\u00e9 va rapidement les pousser \u00e0 s\u2019interroger sur les limites qu\u2019ils doivent s\u2019imposer\u2026 ou pas !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dSUl8nTPsadDblGPK6Qm9rXUcdd.jpg", "actors": ["Dane DeHaan (Andrew Detmer)", "Alex Russell (Matt Garetty)", "Michael B. Jordan (Steve Montgomery)", "Michael Kelly (Richard Detmer)", "Anna Wood (Monica)", "Ashley Grace (Casey Letter)", "Joe Vaz (Michael Ernesto)", "Luke Tyler (Sean)", "Crystal-Donna Roberts (Samantha)", "Daisy Torm\u00e9 (Karen Detmar (voice))", "Matt Nolan (Austin (voice))", "Popeye Vogelsang (Park Ranger (voice))", "Steve Kramer (Police Officer (voice))", "Ashley Peldon (School Flyer Girl (voice))", "Paul Pape (Priest (voice))", "Jeff Fischer (Thug (voice))", "Kirk Baily (Additional Voices (voice))", "Maggie Baird (Additional Voices (voice))", "Richard Cansino (Additional Voices (voice))", "Kevin Dorman (Additional Voices (voice))", "Jean Gilpin (Additional Voices (voice))", "Danielle Hartnett (Additional Voices (voice))", "Walter Emanuel Jones (Additional Voices (voice))", "Hope Levy (Additional Voices (voice))", "Rick Negron (Additional Voices (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "LastCaress1972", "content": "Awkward loner Andrew (Dane DeHaan, soon to appear as Harry Osborn in The Amazing Spider-Man 2) is invited by his more affable cousin Matt (Alex Russell, Bait, Carrie) to go to a party, to help cheer him up. Andrew has problems at home; his mother is dying of cancer, the cost of her medication has become prohibitive, and his dad is an abusive drunk. Andrew brings with him the bulky old video camera he's been using of late to document... I dunno, the misery of his life I suppose. Anyway, once at the party Matt, mildly embarrassed by his cousin following him around with a camera, peels off away from Andrew to hang with some of the cooler kids, including the impossibly popular but genuinely decent Steve (Michael B. Jordan, The Wire, Friday Night Lights). The camera causes further problems for Andrew and he's unceremoniously ejected from the party. He's found outside by the aforementioned Steve, and invited to come with him and Matt to check out a weird hole in the ground in the woods nearby (elements of the party had spilled outside into the darkness, as these things do from time to time). Andrew, Matt and Steve venture down this hole, which turns out to be more of a tunnel, leading to... what is that? A space rock of some sort? Something mineral, and glowing, and a bit scary. Upon exiting the hole, the trio find that they possess mild levels of telekinesis, the ability to move objects with their minds. They also find that with practice, they can strengthen that ability. They soon graduate from levitating Lego bricks to flying through the air. Andrew proves to be particularly adept with this new \"talent\", and that proves to be problematic, because where Matt and Steve are content to limit their telekinetic use to mild pranks and perhaps flying somewhere interesting on holiday, Andrew's home life, general isolation and subsequent mood swings as a result of each cause him to want to embrace his power - and for him, it's grown into a potentially deadly power, now - in altogether different ways indeed.\r\n\r\nWith Chronicle, writer Max Landis (son of John \"An American Werewolf in London\" Landis) and director Josh Trank have taken some fairly tired areas (cin\u00e9ma v\u00e9rit\u00e9, superhero origin tales) and made something decent and fresh with them, for comparatively little money (budget was $12m apparently, looks like five times that). It's not a perfect film - the first-person narrative's need to justify its camera angles leads to one or two bum notes despite the fairly ingenious device of having Andrew telekinetically \"float\" the camera around behind him; some of Andrew's worst rages during the second act - including one with devastating consequences - seem badly disproportionate to the infraction, disconnecting us from the character (though perhaps that's the idea); and the abusive father (Michael Kelly, Dawn of the Dead, Did You Hear About the Morgans?) seems unrealistically so. But these are things I thought about after having seen the movie. The movie's tone and pace, and the performances of the three newly-empowered young men particularly, carry the movie very well right to the brisk 78th minute end (minus the credits).\r\n\r\nRecommended."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Why this movie seem to get a lot of 7 and above ratings is beyond me. It\u2019s certainly not my cup of tea. The three high school friends are behaving annoyingly stupid, reckless and irresponsibly. Only one of them is showing any sign of intelligence. One of them is just silly and the other one is a nutcase. Of course the film actually revolves around the nutcase.\r\n\r\nIt starts of kind of okay with the three friends finding this glowing alien thing which gives them superpowers and there are some mildly funny scenes when they experiment with them. After that it spirals out of control when the nutcase goes more and more insane.\r\n\r\nI can live with the drama and bizarre behaviours if the movie would have had some other redeeming factors such as imagery or acting but none of it is present here. Rather the inverse since the film shot in this wobbling-about handycam/documentary style which I really do not like.\r\n\r\nI\u2019m afraid that I found this movie not very entertaining."}], "recommandations_id": [49049, 37686, 49529, 44943]}