{"tmdb_id": 76757, "title": "Jupiter : Le Destin de l'univers", "original_title": "Jupiter Ascending", "slug_title": "jupiter-le-destin-de-l-univers", "date": "2015-02-04", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Fantastique / Action / Aventure", "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "N\u00e9e sous un ciel \u00e9toil\u00e9, Jupiter Jones est promise \u00e0 un destin hors du commun. Devenue adulte, elle a la t\u00eate dans les \u00e9toiles, mais elle encha\u00eene les coups durs et n'a d'autre perspective que de gagner sa vie en nettoyant des toilettes. Ce n'est que lorsque Caine, ancien chasseur militaire con\u00e7u g\u00e9n\u00e9tiquement, d\u00e9barque sur Terre pour retrouver sa trace que Jupiter commence \u00e0 entrevoir le destin qui l'attend depuis toujours. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 son empreinte g\u00e9n\u00e9tique, elle doit b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier d'un h\u00e9ritage extraordinaire qui pourrait bien bouleverser l'\u00e9quilibre du cosmos\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gQV3xECdF2nMqmsviNB5lxVCQKU.jpg", "actors": ["Mila Kunis (Jupiter Jones)", "Channing Tatum (Caine Wise)", "Sean Bean (Stinger Apini)", "Eddie Redmayne (Balem Abrasax)", "Douglas Booth (Titus Abrasax)", "Tuppence Middleton (Kalique Abrasax)", "Gugu Mbatha-Raw (Famulus)", "Nikki Amuka-Bird (Diomika Tsing)", "Christina Cole (Gemma Chatterjee)", "Nicholas A. Newman (Nesh)", "Ramon Tikaram (Phylo Percadium)", "Ariyon Bakare (Greeghan)", "Maria Doyle Kennedy (Aleksa)", "Frog Stone (Aunt Nino)", "David Ajala (Ibis)", "Bae Doo-na (Razo)", "Terry Gilliam (Seal and Signet Minister)", "Vanessa Kirby (Katharine Dunlevy)", "James D'Arcy (Maximilian Jones)", "Simon Dutton (Tskalikin)", "Spencer Wilding (Falque)", "Demi Kazanis (Abrasax Alien)", "Kick Gurry (Vladie)", "Tim Pigott-Smith (Malidictes)", "Charlotte Beaumont (Kiza)", "Neil Fingleton (Sargon / Greegan)", "Jeremy Swift (Vasilliy Bolodnikov)", "Katherine Cunningham (Debutante)", "Luke Neal (Royal guard)", "Dilyana Bouklieva (Test subject)", "Edward Hogg (Chicanery Night)", "Jozef Aoki (Commonwealth)", "Tamela D'Amico (Plinth)", "Kara Lily Hayworth (Titus Handmaiden)", "Tim Connolly (Trigger)", "Alexandra Fraser (Peacock Hybrid)", "Hazel D'Jan (Shiro Miku)", "Symara A. Templeman (Aegis Crew)", "Ekaterina Zalitko (Cyber Beauty)", "Sharon Coleman (Pedistrian)", "Georgia Winters (Handmaiden)", "Elsa Mollien (Handmaiden)", "Edd Osmond (Droid)", "Elina Alminas (Robot Servant)", "Andy Ahrens (Dante Rothemere)", "Oleg Nasobin (Zeno)", "Sarah Campbell (Gynaecological Nurse)", "Claire Benedict (Bureaucrat)", "Sarah Crowden (Bureaucrat)", "Grant Stimpson (Bureaucrat)", "John Locke (Bureaucrat)", "Peter Yapp (Bureaucrat)", "Samuel Barnett (Advocate Bob)", "Cliff Fleming (Pilot)", "Sean Baker (Doctor)", "Nathan Geist (Chicago Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Raiden Integra (Chicago Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Ryan Browning Johnson (Chicago Pedestrian (uncredited))", "Clem So (Kalique Coder (uncredited))", "Vander McLeod (Kalique Gene Tech)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One liner, somewhat richer, but only a decent entertainer.\r\n\r\nA sci-fantasy directed by the Wachowskis of 'The Matrix' fame. Theirs lowest point ever as the filmmakers, but still not that bad flick. The movie lacked in many areas, and one of those is failing to have at least one stunning fight/war scene. I know it was only the beginning and there will be a sequel, maybe ends as a trilogy, but the story was very weak for an intro movie.\r\n\r\nLooks like one-liner, precisely to say kind of similar to 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'. I mean in a thin idea, the whole story takes place. Something like a space expedition for a chosen one, hopping from a planet to planet, seeking answers and protection. The title character, Jupiter Jones, played by Mila Kunis, with the help of the Caine Wise (Channing Tatum) takes a risky venture when their lives were threatened. Finding who's behind and other truth brings the end of the narration, which runs for just over a 2 hour.\r\n\r\nPerformances were okay, but kind of doubt their inclusion in the project. Mostly the cast was the younger ones, maybe except, Sean Bean. Many of them are only the recently emerged stars. So it was a big responsibility in a big budget movie and they did it. But the movie should have had at least one senior artist. The graphics were somewhat rich, and again the absence of the quality scenes and stunts lets the movie fall.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It appears that I am going to disagree with a fair number of people when I say that I quite liked this movie. Sure, if you expect some deep story with a lot of moral cleverness in it you are going to be disappointed. This is an interesting story but one that hangs together by a fairly fine thread.\r\n\r\nTo me it is a decent enough story that is propelled by a decent enough action and absolutely wonderful scenery. Yes, I agree with everyone saying that it is a bit of a B-story. It has many issues and barely hangs together at times.\r\n\r\nHowever, if you try to ignore that for a while and just try to view it as a piece of, fairly fast paced, visual entertainment, well then it hits the spot quite well. It is frequently beautiful to watch. The action sequences are not bad and the story is, if nothing else, certainly not the usual thirteen to a dozen B-movie repeats. The acting is, well, also generally of B-movie quality but it is not downright bad and, once I got in the right mindset for the movie, it did not disturb me.\r\n\r\nOn the whole I quite liked this movie but I guess you have to be a bit of sci-fi fan, with an emphasize on visuals, to do so."}], "recommandations_id": [68737, 158852, 49017, 198184]}