{"tmdb_id": 76812, "title": "Black Butterfly", "original_title": "Black Butterfly", "slug_title": "black-butterfly", "date": "2017-05-26", "genre": "Thriller", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un homme invite chez lui un vagabond qu'il soup\u00e7onne d'\u00eatre un tueur en s\u00e9rie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1OgYTKOXcZzlBfWRabK2Te3DwRo.jpg", "actors": ["Antonio Banderas (Paul)", "Jonathan Rhys Meyers (Jack)", "Piper Perabo (Laura)", "Abel Ferrara (Pat)", "Nicholas Aaron (Delivery Man)", "Vincent Riotta (Lt Carcano)", "Gioia Libardoni (Waitress)", "Nathalie Rapti Gomez (Julie)", "Alexandra Klim (Paul's Wife)", "Katie McGovern (Nancy Barrows)", "Randall Paul (Mr. Owen)", "Timothy Martin (News Reporter)", "Cristina Moglia (Mrs. Owen)", "Tracy Green (Diner Manager)", "Cherish Gaines (Michelle Emerson)", "George Kaiser (Victor Finkenstein)", "Craig Peritz (Sam)", "Esosa Idahosa (Detective Corrigan)", "Jason Book (Lex E. Con)", "Danielle Devenie (BellaDonna Thorne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "If it could have cut out the last two to three of the seven or so endings, then I could maybe have seen _Black_ _Butterfly_ getting a bigger score. As it stands, I can get it to fresh by the skin of its teeth.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go._"}, {"pseudo": "Vishnu_Dileep", "content": "\u201cA decent suspense thriller and its good for a one time watch \u201d\r\n\r\n\r\nIt all starts with some stories on abductions here and there then it goes to a lonely writer whom his wife left and he meets up a girl who helps to sell his house and since he can\u2019t write a proper story in a while he gets all kind of irritated goes out for a drive to a nearby caf\u00e9 so while going there on the road he met up this truck driver who does not allow him to overtake so somehow he gets in front and curses the truck driver and goes and gets settled in the diner with the girl he met so the truck driver gets there and he tries to pick up a fight with him that is  when this stranger guy puts himself between the writer and the truck driver and the stranger threatens the truck driver and both of them leave off so the writer feels that he should have thanked the guy who saved him from that fight so goes finding him and then offers to give him a lift and then the writer insists that he take a break at his place then move on to wherever he was going but as soon as the writer takes him to his place he sees that the stranger has no intention of leaving soon\u2026.wait a min the rest of the movie u have to watch don\u2019t worry I have not spoiled anything for you\r\nIt is a onetime watch and with good twists. So I would suggest this movie for everyone to watch.\r\nNotable Acting\r\nJonathan Rhys Meyers famous for his acting in Mission Impossible 3\r\nAntonio Banderas famous for his acting in Desperado, Shrek 2 and many other movies\r\nPiper Perabo famous for her acting in The Prestige and Looper\r\nMy Rating 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**I like my ending better! Not the one comes after that!**\r\n\r\nIt was a little surprise film, but not that great. I really enjoyed it. It was thrilling, suspense and fast paced storytelling. I usually like this type of flicks. If you too prefer entertainment over a masterpiece, then you would enjoy it as well. Only the beginning was slow, but once the concept of the film ignited, it was a non-stop entertainment. So the later parts are like between the two characters that took place in an isolated place. A great setting and with all the development, the film totally gets you.\r\n\r\nA struggling alcoholic writer who got rescued by a stranger at a diner, invites him to the home for the stormy night ahead. Later the stranger decides to help him out with his writing, so his stay extends. With talking to each other, the writer comes to know what kind of person he's brought into his house. His agenda ires the stranger and hence a conflict begins between them. The rest of the film is to disclose who ends where with a twist at the end.\r\n\r\nWhen the second act begins, that's when your guessing game starts. At the end of that section, I had in my mind that at least 4 to 5 possible paths the story could head. With that kind of option, who won't enjoy such film. Whatever I predicted, that did not happen. That's another reason why I liked it. The twist was good, and so the performances by Jonathan Rhye Meyers and Antonio Banderas. BUT when all was going well, the end scene before the credits, disappointed me. It should have not been in the film at all. That's why I did not like 'Prince of Persia' too. Apart from that final 10 seconds, it was a good film.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [433630, 390051, 460846, 291276]}