{"tmdb_id": 76837, "title": "Yuma", "original_title": "Yuma", "slug_title": "yuma", "date": "1970-01-01", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Drame / Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "A down-and-dirty town is forced to shape up when a new sheriff (Clint Walker) comes to town. However, when a scheme is launched to destroy the lawman's authority, he must discover the perpetrators and preserve his reputation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gXt9P3hlhOlTKpFnWOVTEr7L7Dn.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Walker (Marshal Dave Harmon)", "Barry Sullivan (Nels Decker)", "Kathryn Hays (Julie Williams)", "Morgan Woodward (Arch King)", "Peter Mark Richman (Major Lucas)", "Bing Russell (Rol King (as Neil Russell))", "Bruce Glover (Sam King)", "Robert Phillips (Sanders)", "Miguel Alejandro (Andres)", "Rudy Diaz (Caballo)", "Bill McLean (Storekeeper)", "Napoleon Whiting (Orderly)", "John Kerr (Captain White)", "Edgar Buchanan (Mules McNeil)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Could be you heard part of the story wrong!\r\n\r\nYuma is directed by Ted Post and written by Charles Wallace. It stars Clint Walker, Barry Sullivan, Kathryn Hays, Edgar Buchanan, Morgan Woodward and John Kerr. Music is by George Duning and cinematography by John Stephens.\r\n\r\nWalker stars as Marshal Dave Harmon, a no nonsense lawman sent into Yuma Territory to clean house. Straight away he is fronted up by the King brothers, something which puts him into conflict with the town bigwig, their father, Arch King (Woodward).\r\n\r\nIt's a familiar tale, certainly one that any Western fan would have seen numerous times. A TV movie and an intended pilot for a show, the budget is obviously not that high, but there's some good star appeal (Sullivan & Buchanan reassuring presences for Western lovers) and there's a lot crammed into the hour and fifteen minute running time.\r\n\r\nBig Bad Clint Walker is a mighty presence, giving us a character that is easy to like and respect, he's not only tough and handsome, but he also turns into a Sherlock Holmes type as well! Into the basic town tamer plot also comes the issues of the Indian Beef treaty, or lack of in this instance, the crafty tactics of the Raiders and their crimes, while there's the cute/annoying kid and a gorgeous lady circling our hero.\r\n\r\nIt doesn't pull up any trees, but it's well performed, has nice location scenery (Old Tuscon), and the action is well staged (pic opens with a very nifty stagecoach stunt). While of course for Walker fans it's always going to have a watchability factor. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [64368, 37317, 113921, 99224], "youtube_key": "notfound"}