{"tmdb_id": 76849, "title": "Slackistan", "original_title": "Slackistan", "slug_title": "slackistan", "date": "2010-05-22", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Islamabad, Pakistan. A group of privileged and westernised twenty-something friends while away their days and nights driving around town, partying, surfing the internet and smoking shisha pipes. As the country outside their world starts to crack, Hasan and his friends must face up to their relationships, angst and life choices before it is too late.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bbkDPulNnCuw3NF4zNWqOA8Y4bQ.jpg", "actors": ["Shahbaz Hamid Shigri (Hasan)", "Aisha Linnea Akhtar (Aisha)", "Ali Rehman Khan (Sherry)", "Shahana Khan Khalil (Zara)", "Osman Khalid Butt (Saad)", "Khalid Saeed (Mani)", "Rafey Alam (Zeeshan)", "Adil Omar (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Afra", "content": "The Pakistani film industry (lollywood) has been in the doldrums since the 1980's and Slackistan is one of the several Indie ventures hoping to revive cinema albeit a not so successful one.\r\n\r\nSlackistan was shot in Islamabad or Islo as it is affectionately called. A city built by then dictator Ayub Khan so that the affluent could lock out the unwashed masses. It also serves as the nation's capital. Consequently it is home to the richest families in the country.\r\n\r\nThe portrayal of four twenty-something's, rich, Westernized and aimless is fairly accurate. Islamabad is also famously called \"The Dead City\" with no cultural centers, theatres or cinemas. So the inhabitants while away the time by partying, hanging out with friends and driving aimlessly across the city.\r\n\r\nThe plot is composed of the stories of the four youngsters and how one of them overcomes his slacker attitude. It features music from several indie Pakistani bands. It is the director's debut.\r\n\r\nUltimately the movie fails because it is too specific. Most of the jokes would probably be lost on viewers because they are Pakistani jokes. This is in the end a movie made by Islooites for Islooites.\r\n\r\n\r\nP.S The movie is banned in Pakistan. Irony?"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "gk1RsdfDzZk"}