{"tmdb_id": 768, "title": "From Hell", "original_title": "From Hell", "slug_title": "from-hell", "date": "2001-10-19", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1888, \u00e0 Londres, dans les rues mal fam\u00e9es du quartier de Whitechapel, un tueur en s\u00e9rie, surnomm\u00e9 Jack l'Eventreur, r\u00f4de. D'une \u00e9tonnante pr\u00e9cision, ce myst\u00e9rieux personnage \u00e9ventre, la nuit tomb\u00e9e, des prostitu\u00e9es. C'est ici qu'entre en sc\u00e8ne l'inspecteur Fred Abberline. Cet agent de Scotland Yard comprend rapidement que ces crimes proc\u00e8dent d'une mise en sc\u00e8ne \u00e9labor\u00e9e et supposent un \"doigt\u00e9\" d'artiste, un sang-froid \u00e0 toute \u00e9preuve et de solides connaissances en anatomie. Le policier, intuitif et visionnaire, dresse patiemment le profil de ce meurtrier hors normes et parvient \u00e0 gagner la confiance de Mary Kelly, une jeune prostitu\u00e9e. Celle-ci va l'aider \u00e0 r\u00e9soudre cette p\u00e9rilleuse enqu\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kPHnCsuqyQdNlfnjMlslQDumzxY.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Depp (Inspector Frederick Abberline)", "Heather Graham (Mary Kelly)", "Ian Holm (Sir William Gull)", "Robbie Coltrane (Sergeant Peter Godley)", "Ian Richardson (Sir Charles Warren)", "Jason Flemyng (Netley, the Coachman)", "Katrin Cartlidge (Dark Annie Chapman)", "Terence Harvey (Benjamin 'Ben' Kidney)", "Susan Lynch (Liz Stride)", "Paul Rhys (Dr. Ferral)", "Lesley Sharp (Kate Eddowes)", "Estelle Skornik (Ada)", "Nicholas McGaughey (Officer Bolt)", "Annabelle Apsion (Polly Nichols)", "Joanna Page (Ann Crook)", "Samantha Spiro (Martha Tabram)", "Sophia Myles (Victoria Abberline)", "Ralph Ineson (Gordie)", "John Owens (Marylebone Governor)", "Mark Dexter (Albert Sickert / Prince Edward Albert Victor)", "Danny Midwinter (Constable Withers)", "David Schofield (McQueen)", "Peter Eyre (Lord Hallsham)", "Rupert Farley (Doss Landlord)", "Ian McNeice (Coroner Robert Drudge)", "Cliff Parisi (Mac Bartender)", "Dominic Cooper (Constable #3)", "James Greene (Masonic Governor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I cannot say that I am an outright fan of old era British crime stories but I do fancy them now and then. This one is a rather dark, grim and gloomy story perfectly suitable as a evening movie at this time of the year when darkness already starts to come quickly and matches the candlelight mood of Victorian London.\r\n\r\nI found this a quite nice movie. Well up to its very end which I have to admit is way too tragic for my taste. The voyage to the end was well worth watching though. The dark scenery is very well done. Beautiful and depressing at the same time. It is yet another Jack the Ripper based story and it is pretty much pure fiction loosely based on the character of Jack the Ripper. It is a good and well implemented story though and it was enjoyable to follow Inspector Abelard unravel to true reason behind the murders.\r\n\r\nAs far as I am concerned the acting was without any major faults and generally of high standard although it is perhaps a bit sad that Johnny Depp again proves that he plays best in roles that portrays a more or less crazy, even insane, character.\r\n\r\nThe movie is not as gory as one perhaps and it certainly would not classify as a horror movie. Most of the violence is hidden from the viewer although there are a couple of scenes which are a wee bit \u201csplattery\u201d but only if you really have a weak stomach for these things and if you do perhaps you should not watch serial killer movies in the first place.\r\n\r\nThe ending took a star or two off this movies rating but otherwise it was surprisingly enjoyable."}, {"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I went into this having only seen 'The Book of Eli' by these directors, The Hughes Brothers. I quite liked that film, although I did feel their vivacious stylizations interfered with the telling of the story. Seeing this earlier film of theirs confirmed that suspicion, though it's still a fine film. Though Johnny Depp (the brothers' 5th choice for the lead) does a fine job as the film's protagonist (I haven't read Alan Moore's graphic novel yet, so I can't say how this filmic adaptation compares), it certainly would have been interesting to see how any of their previous choices would have done (in order of their preference): Daniel Day-Lewis, Sean Connery, Jude Law and Brad Pitt (but especially either of the first two). It has a fine supporting cast, is beautiful to look at and is consistently intriguing. I especially liked Heather Graham (I think this is solidly amongst her best work), Ian Holm, Robbie Coltrane and, most significantly, Katlin Cartlidge. Boy, do I ever miss her in films made ever since."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "From Alan Moore, the Hughes brothers and Johnny Depp\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2001 and directed by the Hughes brothers, \"From Hell\" details the Jack the Ripper slayings in the slummy Whitechapel district of London in autumn, 1888. Johnny Depp plays an opium-addicted detective while Robbie Coltrane appears as his colleague. Heather Graham is on hand as a prostitute that captures the Detective\u2019s interest.\r\n\r\nThe film was based on Alan Moore\u2019s graphic novel of the same name. Moore condemned the change of his \"gruff\" version of Frederick Abberline with an \"absinthe-swilling dandy,\u201d referring to the protagonist played by Depp. In real life, there\u2019s no evidence that Abberline \u201cchased the dragon\u201d or that he had \u201cpsychic visions.\u201d Speaking of real life, Moore\u2019s graphic novel was based in large part on the royal conspiracy theory popularized in Stephen Knight's 1976 book \u201cJack the Ripper: The Final Solution.\u201d This is one of several theories on the identity of the slayer. True or (probably) not, it makes for a good story.\r\n\r\n\u201cFrom Hell\u201d plays like a Hammer film, but with a blockbuster budget in the modern era. A couple of comparable Hammer flicks are \u201cFrankenstein Must Be Destroyed\u201d (1969) and \u201cTaste the Blood of Dracula\u201d (1970). \u201cFrom Hell\u201d even shares a minor subplot with the latter (high society \u2018gentlemen\u2019 in the Victorian era secretly partaking of taboo hedonistic pleasures). Like Hammer\u2019s Gothic horror catalog, you can expect top hats & black coats, cobblestone streets, alluring women, a ghastly killer (or monster) and lush colors.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours, 2 minutes and was shot in Prague, Czech Republic, and England (Boscastle & Goldings).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [622, 1586, 2668, 1428]}