{"tmdb_id": 76939, "title": "The Wackiest Wagon Train In The West", "original_title": "The Wackiest Wagon Train In The West", "slug_title": "the-wackiest-wagon-train-in-the-west", "date": "1976-08-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "3.0/10", "synopsis": "This comical western chronicles the silly adventures of a bumbling wagonmaster and his clutzy assistant as they attempt to take seven passengers across the prairie. Among the passengers are two wealthy Bostonians, an aspiring showgirl, a teacher, and bachelor. The story is adapted from Dusty's Trail, a television sitcom.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1f5KigKHsOnndHlgojhZbCZuY7g.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Denver (Dusty)", "Forrest Tucker (Wagonmaster Callahan)", "Jeannine Riley (Lulu)", "Lori Saunders (Betsy)", "Ivor Francis (Brookhaven)", "Lynn Wood (Mrs. Brookhaven)", "William Cort (Andy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Four Dusty's Trail episodes edited together (aka Gilligan in the Old West)\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1976, \"The Wackiest Wagon Train in the West\" is a compilation of four episodes of the Dusty's Trail TV series that ran for one season in 1973-1974. Producer Sherwood Schwartz tried to duplicate his success with Gilligan\u2019s Island by transplanting a similar group of seven people into the wild west: The wagon master (Forrest Tucker), his \u201clittle pal\u201d subordinate (Bob Denver), an educated lawyer (Bill Cort), a saloon showgirl (Jeannine Riley), a winsome schoolmarm (Lori Saunders) and a filthy rich older couple (Ivor Francis & Lynn Wood). These seven are lost in the West, separated from their wagon train, and experience various misadventures. \r\n\r\nWhile the characters are different enough for the show to work, the parallels are uncomfortably too close; moreover, the writing\u2019s nowhere near as good, and the show just lacks the magic of Gilligan\u2019s Island. It\u2019s basically a pale imitation. Nevertheless, it\u2019s worthwhile for Bob Denver fans; there are a few genuine laughs and Jeannine Riley is alluring as the showgirl (I prefer her to Ginger).   \r\n\r\nThe episodes from Dusty\u2019s Trail, as featured in this movie, are in order: \"Tomahawk Territory,\" \"Horse of Another Color,\" \"There is Nothing Like a Dame,\" and \"The Not So Magnificent Seven.\" FYI: Only ONE of these episodes is included in The Almost Complete First (And Only) Season DVD set, which means you\u2019ll have to purchase the set AND this flick if you want all the episodes.   \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 36 minutes. I incidentally viewed the Catcom DVD and the video quality is horrible (speaking as someone who\u2019s easy to please in that department). \r\n\r\nGRADE: C-"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}