{"tmdb_id": 77133, "title": "The Abyss", "original_title": "Afgrunden", "slug_title": "the-abyss", "date": "1910-09-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Magda meets her fianc\u00e9 and he invites her to visit him and his parents. While visiting them, a circus comes to town and Magda asks her fianc\u00e9 to take her to the show. Afterwards one of the artists shows interest in Magda and her fianc\u00e9 becomes jealous and brings her home. The artist follows and enters her room through the window. She runs off with the artist leaving a goodbye note. The fianc\u00e9 later locates Magda, but she rejects him. We see Magda perform a gaucho dance on stage around the artist who she has tied up with a lasso but afterward the artist shows interest in another woman. Magda becomes jealous and starts a fight which gets her and the artist fired. She finds work as a piano player by which time her former fianc\u00e9 sees her again. He sends her a note asking her to meet him. The artist follows Magda, interrupts their meeting and throws the fianc\u00e9 out of the room...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fQ43eAMJASrclnORuLrtu482JLN.jpg", "actors": ["Asta Nielsen (Magda)", "Poul Reumert (Artist Rudolf Stern / Circus Performer)", "Robert Dinesen (Ingenieur Knud Svane / Magda's Fianc\u00e9)", "Hans Neergaard (Pastor Peder Svane / Knud's Father)", "Hulda Didrichsen (Frau Svane)", "Emilie Sannom (Variet\u00e9s\u00e4ngerin Lilly d'Estrelle / Magda's Rival)", "Oscar Stribolt (Kellner / Waiter)", "Arne Weel (Guest in Garden)", "Johannes F\u00f8nss (Guest in Garden)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [105552, 193625, 190571, 195092], "youtube_key": "notfound"}