{"tmdb_id": 77174, "title": "L'\u00e9trange pouvoir de Norman", "original_title": "ParaNorman", "slug_title": "l-etrange-pouvoir-de-norman", "date": "2012-08-03", "genre": ["Familial / Animation / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Une petite ville est prise d'assaut par une arm\u00e9e de zombies. Qui peut-on appeler \u00e0 la rescousse ? Le seul gar\u00e7on du coin capable de parler avec les morts : Norman. Pour sauver ses cong\u00e9n\u00e8res d'une mal\u00e9diction vieille de plusieurs si\u00e8cles, Norman va devoir combattre zombies, fant\u00f4mes, sorci\u00e8res et, les plus effrayants de tous, une tribu d'adultes demeur\u00e9s. Mais ce gar\u00e7on marginal aux penchants morbides va voir ses pouvoirs paranormaux pouss\u00e9s dans leurs derniers retranchements.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pfGmWVyGHgdJrdKrZ5RWZpbAhkn.jpg", "actors": ["Kodi Smit-McPhee (Norman Babcock (voice))", "Tucker Albrizzi (Neil Downe (voice))", "Jodelle Ferland (Aggie Prenderghast (voice))", "Anna Kendrick (Courtney Babcock (voice))", "Casey Affleck (Mitch Downe (voice))", "Leslie Mann (Sandra Babcock (voice))", "Jeff Garlin (Perry Babcock (voice))", "Christopher Mintz-Plasse (Alvin (voice))", "John Goodman (Mr. Prenderghast (voice))", "Elaine Stritch (Grandma Babcock (voice))", "Bernard Hill (Judge Hopkins (voice))", "Alex Borstein (Mrs. Henscher (voice))", "Tempestt Bledsoe (Sheriff Hooper (voice))", "Jeremy Shada (Pug (voice))", "Scott Menville (Deputy Dwayne, Rapper G (voice))", "Hannah Noyes (Salma (voice))", "Ariel Winter (Blithe Hollow Kid (voice))", "Alicia Lagano (Female Tourist (voice))", "Denise Faye (Blithe Hollow Townspers (voice))", "Cam Clarke (Townspeople (voice))", "Lara Cody (Townspeople (voice))", "Jacob Bertrand (Blithe Hollow Townperson (voice))", "Ashley Lambert (Blithe Hollow Townperson (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mom, tell the Zombie to stop saying stuff about me!\r\n\r\nThe medium of animated films has really gone through the roof in the last 20 years. There was a time when Disney was the only reliable source for such colourful frolics. Now we are blessed with a whole raft of film makers creating their own animated films born out by their personal visions. One of the benefits of this \"branching out\" has been the rise in the animated horror comedy, right up there with the best of them in recent times is ParaNorman.\r\n\r\nNorman Babcock is considered to be the weird kid in town, you see he claims to see ghosts. Little do the residents of this New England haven know it, but they will soon need Norman to break a centuries old witches curse or they are all doomed!\r\n\r\nPicture unfolds in a delightfully quirky nature, with the makers showing great love and respect to both the genres it appertains to. As with the best animated films, ParaNorman manages to be an all encompassing family friendly production. The chilly thrills are the right side of child friendly, the animation craft superb, while the humour is smart and the Gothic atmosphere surrounding the tale is pitch perfect. It all builds nicely to a bona fide thrilling finale, where the visual spectacle sits comfortably with the emotional beats of the film. Lovely, intelligent and spooky into the bargain. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [62214, 72197, 73723, 170687], "youtube_key": "B4cC3Q4dhNM"}