{"tmdb_id": 77234, "title": "Code Ennemi", "original_title": "The Numbers Station", "slug_title": "code-ennemi", "date": "2013-04-18", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Un ancien agent d'\u00e9lite de la CIA, qui a pour mission de prot\u00e9ger une jeune femme, doit lutter avec elle pour leur survie apr\u00e8s une attaque surprise...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/71KAIi3vVEHtjwrLVLtkBUiLEGg.jpg", "actors": ["John Cusack (Emerson)", "Malin \u00c5kerman (Katherine)", "Hannah Murray (Rachel Davis)", "Liam Cunningham (Grey)", "Lucy Griffiths (Meredith)", "Bryan Dick (David)", "Richard Brake (Max)", "Finbar Lynch (Michaels)", "Joey Ansah (Derne)", "Victor Gardener (Fischer)", "Joe Montana (Jeremy Fletcher)", "Brian Nickels (Bouncer)", "Randy Merchant (Bouncer)", "Max Bennett (Intern at Hospital)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A movie to forget with predictable plot and quite under the average performances from Cusack and Akerman."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**When one's professional ethics were tested.**\r\n\r\nThe idea for a film seems good, but it did not work out for this film. The screenplay lacks some good scenes. The suspense was weaker and so the action sequences. Though the film had good actors in the lead and visually looked fine, like the locations. Most of the story was set in a single location, except the opening sequence. Almost a minimal cast film. So it had all the qualities to succeed if the plot was developed smartly.\r\n\r\nThe story of a CIA's field agent who has been assigned to one of their remote stations in England after he had failed to obey the order from his fellow senior officer. A code operator Katherine, whom he has to protect find himself in a tight position when their building was breached. Once again, his professional ethics are tested, but how he deals the situation is what covered in the remaining parts.\r\n\r\nIts most certain that John Cusack days are over in the entertainment industry, just like Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. But it's good to see them at least in small flicks like this. So I did not expect much from it, hence not got disappointed. But I thought it should have been better in a few areas, because I've seen lots of good B movies these days. One time watchable film, but looks like it is a simplified version of 'Wanted'.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [106021, 127493, 152259, 94348], "youtube_key": "4bigClSQWNs"}