{"tmdb_id": 77361, "title": "Les Cerveaux mecaniques", "original_title": "Death Warmed Up", "slug_title": "les-cerveaux-mecaniques", "date": "1985-01-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "Sur une \u00eele isol\u00e9e, un m\u00e9decin fou exp\u00e9rimente de la chirurgie exp\u00e9rimentale au niveau du cerveau sur des cobayes humains. Malheureusement, plusieurs de ses patients souffrent d'effets secondaires li\u00e9s \u00e0 la chirurgie qui les changent en zombies meurtriers. Sur l'\u00eele, arrive un groupe de jeunes en vacances. Dans la bande, un jeune homme est venu pour r\u00e9gler ses comptes avec le m\u00e9decin qui, des ann\u00e9es auparavant, l'avait hypnotis\u00e9 et controll\u00e9 pour tuer son propre p\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/e0STlhLVaK6qYedQi99MZ2EkCTg.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Hurst (Michael Tucker)", "Margaret Umbers ()", "William Upjohn ()", "Norelle Scott (Jeannie)", "David Letch (Spider)", "Geoff Snell (Jannings)", "Gary Day (Dr. Archer Howell)", "Bruno Lawrence (Tex)", "Ian Watkin (Bill)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Ever go to one of those all-you-can-eat buffets that has virtually every kind of food imaginable, and you go in thinking it's going to be an excellent experience, a few of the foods you sample are fairly good, but you're left afterwards with a huge bellyache and the check? That's the way I felt after watching 'Death Warmed Up', from my now-infamous Mill Creek 50-film 'Nightmare Worlds' pack--it has a few interesting ideas, and some decent, though dated, atmosphere, but director Blyth doesn't know how to put it all together. In the right hands, this could have worked, but it definitely doesn't, and that's a shame, because it had potential...'it coulda been a contender!'\r\n\r\nThe two young female leads that play Sandy and Jeannie are beautiful, there's good chemistry between them and the two male leads, particularly in the scene where they're on the ferry going to the island. The completely gratuitous nudity and softcore sex was a great bonus. In an interview that was a DVD extra for 'The Fog', Jamie Lee Curtis explained that she enjoyed starting out in horror and that it was a useful genre for an actor in that it gave one a wide range of possible behaviours to both utilize and show, and, by the end, Michael and Sandy proved to me they were good actors. It's just too bad they were in a nondescript, clunky script that had no idea what it was doing or where it was going. 'Death Warmed Up' is one of those films that doesn't have a climactic finale, or end, per se, it just simply stops or dies, as if the filmmakers simply had no ideas left and simply stopped when they ran out of film.\r\n\r\nTHIS is the type of film that should be remade, not the wildly successful and great film that has no need to have a different interpretation or chance at life, but the misfires or the should-have-beens--to show the world that these ideas had validity and meaning after all."}], "recommandations_id": [84998, 160405, 114619, 113337], "youtube_key": "ApMXRIq54Vc"}