{"tmdb_id": 77551, "title": "The Passing", "original_title": "The Passing", "slug_title": "the-passing", "date": "2011-05-20", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.3/10", "synopsis": "The three Naibert children, in their teens and early twenties, inherit a vast estate from their grandmother Rebecca. But unknown to them, the family inheritance has passed from grandmother to granddaughter for centuries-and Rebecca has a long reach from the grave to assure that the line is unbroken. The first weekend in the mansion is a party for the three Naiberts and their friends-but one by one, they vanish without a trace. Is death the punishment for violating Rebecca's spell? Are the demons that beset the young people real-or only reflections of their own fear? Is it murder, violence from another dimension, or madness? The answer lives in the reflections.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4AJ2h7CPKnuLrwkC5HslnwlZ3da.jpg", "actors": ["Crystal Day (Elizabeth Naibert)", "Elizabeth Ann Bennett (Holly)", "Jason Hamer (Josh)", "Tara Carroll (Cyndy)", "Sam Upton (Ray Naibert)", "Colleen Shannon (Mandy)", "Brian Gleason (Jack Naibert)", "Sonia Rockwell (Emilie)", "Paul Gleason (Det. Sanders)", "Larry Pennell (Charles - Butler)", "David Millbern (Mr. McMlain)", "George Gerdes (George Naibert)", "Savannah Stutler (Emily Naibert)", "Lilyan Chauvin (Rebecca Naibert)", "Layton Matthews (Billy Naibert)", "Thomas Blake Jr. (Matt)", "Katherine Owens (Heather)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [69015, 99220, 32009, 24246], "youtube_key": "notfound"}