{"tmdb_id": 77573, "title": "Op\u00e9ration Lidice", "original_title": "Lidice", "slug_title": "operation-lidice", "date": "2011-06-02", "genre": ["Guerre"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "En 1942, deux ans avant qu'Oradour-sur-Glane ne soit ray\u00e9 de la carte de France, Lidice, petit village tch\u00e8que pr\u00e8s de Prague, est victime d'un massacre perp\u00e9tr\u00e9 par les nazis suite \u00e0 l'assassinat de Reinhard Heydrich, l'un des officiers SS les plus hauts grad\u00e9s de l\u2019\u00e9poque. D\u00e9couvrez comment cette trag\u00e9die historique a pu avoir lieu \u00e0 travers le destin de plusieurs habitants de la commune qui, par un encha\u00eenement de circonstances malheureuses, vont provoquer ce drame\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uvtYrwTuVsUlBS58CMxdWLQCo8n.jpg", "actors": ["Karel Roden (Franti\u0161ek \u0160\u00edma)", "V\u00e1clav Jir\u00e1\u010dek (Josef Hor\u00e1k)", "Zuzana Fialov\u00e1 (Marie Vankov\u00e1)", "Zuzana Byd\u017eovsk\u00e1 (Anezka S\u00edmov\u00e1)", "Roman Lukn\u00e1r (Vlcek)", "Ond\u0159ej Nov\u00e1k (Karel \u0160\u00edma)", "Veronika Khek Kuba\u0159ov\u00e1 (Ani\u010dka)", "Detlef Bothe (Haydrich)", "Joachim Paul Assb\u00f6ck (Harald Wiesmann)", "Bo\u0159\u00edk Proch\u00e1zka (Far\u00e1r)", "Mariusz Osmelak (Kowalski)", "Sabina Remundov\u00e1 (Tonicka Farsk\u00e1)", "Anna Kratochv\u00edlov\u00e1 (Ruzenka)", "Pavl\u00edna \u0160torkov\u00e1 (Jarus)", "Thomas Zielinski (B\u00f6hme)", "Jakub Zindulka (Geschke)", "Norbert Lich\u00fd (Mayor)", "Zuzana Diatlov\u00e1 (Mayor's wife)", "Lucie Ko\u017einov\u00e1 ()", "Marika \u0160oposk\u00e1 (Helenka)", "Robert Neb\u0159ensk\u00fd (Ku\u010dera)", "Jan Vondr\u00e1\u010dek (Zeman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "watch it", "content": "The story is based on the massacre in the Czech village of Lidice in central Bohemia. In June 1942, Lidice was exterminated and burnt by Nazis in retaliation for the assassination of Reich Protector Reinhard Heydrich. However, Lidice is not a classical war movie, but a psychological drama based on the true story of a man who survived the massacre.  Facts: Lidice was completely wiped off the map, its buildings was burned, then blew up the structures. They also razed the church and the cemetery. Males above the age of sixteen, all were shot to death. The women and children were taken to the gym of the elementary school in Kladno. 3 days later, the children were taken from their mothers. The women were sent to the Ravensbruck concentration camp. The children \u2013 the youngest a year and six days old \u2013 were sent to Lodz, Poland. There they lived for the next three weeks. Then, an order came that they were to be sent to the Chelmno death camp. The children were told to undress for a \u201cshower\u201d before the journey. In their underwear, holding soap and towels, they were loaded onto a truck that had been modified so that the exhaust fumes were sent into the back of the vehicle. Within eight minutes, the children in the truck were dead. There had been 105 children in Lidice. 17 survived the war."}], "recommandations_id": [53460, 20779, 47181, 55637], "youtube_key": "pNPyiPsLJzQ"}