{"tmdb_id": 77620, "title": "War Live", "original_title": "Rat u\u017eivo", "slug_title": "war-live", "date": "2000-11-01", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Belgrade, 1999. Producer Sergei and his film crew are in a disastrous situation - the film they're making is under threat - there's no money, the crew are dissatisfied - and NATO bombing is just around the corner. Then a member of the State Security Service (Mileta) comes looking for American co-producer Harvey. Anxious and worried, in the midst of the bombing that's begun, Sergei hides Harvey from what he thinks is awaiting him - arrest. During the night, he thinks up a plan. He announces the start of filming on a new, patriotic film - in which the main role will be played by Harvey. The plan works - the State supports the film and Mileta, as the State's representative, joins the crew. However, the underlying conflict between Mileta and Sergei explodes during the first screening. Mileta accuses them of being artists, and not being patriots.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7A8nazKOaKC3T1fN8HNJn1okbmx.jpg", "actors": ["Dragan Bjelogrli\u0107 (Sergej)", "Sr\u0111an Todorovi\u0107 (Dule)", "Aleksandar Ber\u010dek (Mileta)", "Dubravka Mijatovi\u0107 (Ivana)", "Vesna Trivali\u0107 (Bosa)", "Daryl Haney (Harvi)", "Velimir \"Bata\" \u017divojinovi\u0107 (Tatula)", "Gordan Ki\u010di\u0107 (\u0110ole)", "Milorad Mandi\u0107 (Aca)", "Nata\u0161a Ninkovi\u0107 (Lola)", "Klara Akerman (Ma\u0161a)", "Nikola Pejakovi\u0107 (Svira\u010d)", "Tanja Bo\u0161kovi\u0107 (Ministarka)", "Mihajlo 'Bata' Paskaljevi\u0107 (Civilnjak)", "Jelena Ili\u0107 (Dragica)", "Dana Todorovi\u0107 (Klaperka)", "Darko Tomovi\u0107 (Doktor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [17094, 33604], "youtube_key": "notfound"}