{"tmdb_id": 77814, "title": "Libre comme le vent", "original_title": "Saddle the Wind", "slug_title": "libre-comme-le-vent", "date": "1958-03-20", "genre": "Western / Action", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Le jeune Tony Sinclair rentre au ranch familial apr\u00e8s une longue absence pass\u00e9e en ville. Afin de prouver qu'il est le meilleur tireur des alentours il abat un hors-la-loi qui s'en prenait \u00e0 son fr\u00e8re avant de s'en prendre \u00e0 Clay Ellison, un homme revendiquant un bout de terrain soit-disant commun...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/62yP081KIZ1sjfdzm603HQnyhkU.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Taylor (Steve Sinclair Double S Owner)", "Julie London (Joan Blake, Tony's fiancee)", "John Cassavetes (Tony Sinclair)", "Donald Crisp (Dennis Deneen)", "Charles McGraw (Larry Venables, Gunfighter)", "Royal Dano (Clay Ellison)", "Richard Erdman (Dallas Hanson)", "Douglas Spencer (Hemp Scribner)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Loose cannon gets the method treatment. \r\n\r\nSteve Sinclair is an ex gunfighter now contented with his lot as a peaceful farmer. Peace that is disrupted when his young brother Tony turns up with his intended new bride in tow. Tony has a thirst for gun play, and when he guns down a fellow gunman in the bar, things start to rapidly spiral out of control for the Sinclair family. \r\n\r\nSaddle The Wind has some top credentials coming with it. Written by one Rod Serling, and starring Robert Taylor and John Cassavetes as the Sinclair brothers, it's a film not short on quality. Into the mix is the splendid outdoor location work at Rosita, Colorado (courtesy of the prolific George J. Folsey) and the genre compliant score from Elmer Bernstein. But what of the film itself? Well the story is an over familiar one, gunfighter trying to leave his bad past behind, loose cannon youngster out to make a name for himself, and yes we get a female love interest causing conflict and confusion (Julie London in a stock and undemanding role). Yet familiarity definitely does not breed contempt in this instance. \r\n\r\nIf new comers to this film are aware of John Cassavetes and his style of acting, then, in spite of the oddity of seeing him in Western surroundings, one can reasonably know what to expect. Cassavetes brings the method to young Tony Sinclair, instilling intensity, even borderline mania in the upstart hot shot, so much so that Robert Taylor's fine world weary turn as Steve gets lost until the finale. To non Cassavetes fans it may be just too much to handle, but speaking personally I found it a terrific performance that lifted the picture way above average. Support comes in the solid form of Donald Crisp and Royal Dano and the running time of under 90 minutes is just about right. Finally, it's with the ending that Saddle The Wind breaks away from its standard story and plotting. Played out on a lush blue flowered hillside, the makers deviate from the expected and give us something memorable and totally fitting to this method driven Western. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [43562, 145826, 34991, 28365]}