{"tmdb_id": 77949, "title": "La Maison des ombres", "original_title": "The Awakening", "slug_title": "la-maison-des-ombres", "date": "2011-08-17", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Angleterre, 1921. Trois ans se sont \u00e9coul\u00e9s depuis la fin de la Premi\u00e8re Guerre mondiale. L'\u00e9crivain et scientifique Florence Cathcart est la meilleure chasseuse de fant\u00f4mes du pays. Elle est invit\u00e9e par Mallory, un mutil\u00e9 de la Grande Guerre, \u00e0 venir \u00e0 la campagne dans le pensionnat o\u00f9 ce dernier est enseignant pour enqu\u00eater sur une mort myst\u00e9rieuse attribu\u00e9e \u00e0 l'esprit mal\u00e9fique d'un enfant. \u00c0 l'aide d'une cam\u00e9ra, de pi\u00e8ges \u00e0 fil et d'enregistreurs, Florence en vient rapidement \u00e0 la conclusion qu'il existe une explication logique derri\u00e8re cette trag\u00e9die. Mais ses convictions rationnelles sont mises \u00e0 rude \u00e9preuve lorsqu'une nuit, elle se retrouve confront\u00e9e \u00e0 l'apparition terrifiante d'un spectre.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1iIB1eR9pFxoOdAp4FhPCYwQ1TA.jpg", "actors": ["Rebecca Hall (Florence Cathcart)", "Dominic West (Robert Mallory)", "Imelda Staunton (Maud Hill)", "Isaac Hempstead-Wright (Tom)", "Lucy Cohu (Constance Strickland)", "Cal Macaninch (Freddie Strickland)", "John Shrapnel (Reverend Hugh Purslow)", "Diana Kent (Harriet Cathcart)", "Richard Durden (Alexander Cathcart)", "Alfie Field (Victor Parry)", "Tilly Vosburgh (Vera Flood)", "Ian Hanmore (Albert Flood)", "Andrew Havill (George Vandermeer)", "Anastasia Hille (Dorothy Vandermeer)", "Joseph Mawle (Edward Judd)", "Shaun Dooley (Malcolm McNair)", "Steven Cree (Sergeant Evans)", "Felix Soper (Julian Dowden)", "Sidney Johnston (John Franklin)", "Spike White (Alistair Howell)", "Charlie Callaghan (Chris Hartley)", "James Kirkham (William Ramsbottom)", "Ewan Andrew Walker (Richard McGorian)", "Adam Thomas Wright (Max Tebbitts)", "Ben Greaves-Neal (Child Impostor)", "Daniel Pirrie (Captain Mills)", "Nicholas Amer (Edgar Hirsthwit)", "Nick Murphy  (Teacher 1)", "Vera Horton (1920's Lady (uncredited))", "Neil Broome (School Master (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There's no place on earth people understand loneliness better than here.\r\n\r\nThe Awakening is directed by Nick Murphy and Murphy co-writes the screenplay with Stephen Volk. It stars Rebecca Hall, Dominic West, Imelda Staunton, Isaac Hempstead Wright, Shaun Dooley and Joseph Mawle. Music is by Daniel Pemberton and cinematography by Eduard Grau.\r\n\r\nBritain, post World War 1, and Florence Cathcart (Hall) makes a living as an exposer of charlatan spiritualists, a debunker of ghost sightings. When she receives a request from school master Robert Mallory (West) to investigate the supernatural events at a remote boarding school for boys, she is suitably intrigued to take on the assignment...\r\n\r\nIt comes as no surprise to find that numerous reviews for The Awakening make reference to ghost story films that were made previously. The Woman in Black released a year later would suffer the same fate, charges of it not bringing nothing new to the table etc. A ghost story set in a big mansion or remote educational/correctional establishment is what it is, and will continue to be so, all fans of such spooky fare ask is that it does it well and maybe add some adult themes into the bargain. The Awakening does these in spades.\r\n\r\nThe concept of a disbeliever in ghosts having their belief system tested to the full is not new, but it's a great concept and one with longevity assured. Here, boosted by a terrific performance from Hall, the screenplay consistently keeps you guessing. The possibilities of real or faked are constant as the director pumps up the creep factor, whilst he simultaneously crafts a number of genuine shock sequences - including one of the best doll house scenes put to film! This really has all the requisite jolts and atmospheric creeps for a period spooker.\r\n\r\nIt's not until the final quarter when the screenplay begins to unravel its mystery, a finale that has proved both ambiguous and divisive. The ambiguity factor is a little baffling since everything is made clear in a nicely staged scene, and this is something which the director has gone on record to state as well. As for the divisive side of things? That's a blight for this sub-genre of horror. It's convoluted! Contrived! It has been done before they cry! These are true to be sure, and without doubt there's a leap of faith required to not get annoyed, but it garners a reaction and has done its ghost story essence very well indeed.\r\n\r\nBeautifully photographed, scored and performed by the leads to boot, this is for sure one for fans of period spookers with brains. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [111440, 58428, 63207, 157547], "youtube_key": "3yneMKpmA8w"}