{"tmdb_id": 77987, "title": "Only God Forgives", "original_title": "Only God Forgives", "slug_title": "only-god-forgives", "date": "2013-05-22", "genre": "Drame / Thriller / Crime", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Bangkok, Julian, qui a fui la justice am\u00e9ricaine, dirige un club de boxe tha\u00eflandaise servant de couverture \u00e0 son trafic de drogue. Sa m\u00e8re, chef d\u2019une vaste organisation criminelle, d\u00e9barque des Etats-Unis afin de rapatrier le corps de son fils pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9, Billy : le fr\u00e8re de Julian vient en effet de se faire tuer pour avoir sauvagement massacr\u00e9 une jeune prostiu\u00e9e. Ivre de rage et de vengeance, elle exige de Julian la t\u00eate des meurtriers. Julian devra alors affronter Chang, un \u00e9trange policier \u00e0 la retraite, adul\u00e9 par les autres flics...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dFsyGyYPg4xnfKfNNYx9kP08jkk.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Gosling (Julian)", "Kristin Scott Thomas (Crystal)", "Vithaya Pansringarm (Chang)", "Gordon Brown (Gordon)", "Rhatha Phongam (Mai)", "Tom Burke (Billy)", "Byron Gibson (Byron)", "Sahajak Boonthanakit (Kim)", "Charlie Ruedpokanon (Daeng)", "Wannisa Peungpa (Kanita)", "Narucha Chaimareung (Papa San)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "It is an artistically very interesting movie. I would say that the benefit of watching this movie is entirely from the visuals were it excels. Unfortunately after a while the blood-red and, often, bizarre scenes become a bit boring.\r\n\r\nThe story, well you have it in the movie blurb above. There is not much more to it and it is just used to tie the string of artistic expressions of the director/writer together. This is a quite violent movie. The old cop, Chang, gets more than one opportunity to use various sharp instruments, mostly his sword, on various criminal elements and the effects are frequently shown in all their gory glory.\r\n\r\nWhat about the actors and their performance? Well it is quite good for this type of movie but having said that the acting mostly consists of various people silently staring at each other.\r\n\r\nI had quite a bit of difficulty in deciding what rating I should give this movie. If I would go by the visuals only it should be very high but if I would go by the rest of the content it would be rather low. In the end I decided that although I appreciated the artwork I did not really like the movie as a whole that much. Thus it gets 5 out of 10 stars."}], "recommandations_id": [37861, 18533, 97367, 64689]}