{"tmdb_id": 78076, "title": "Hell Up In Harlem", "original_title": "Hell Up In Harlem", "slug_title": "hell-up-in-harlem", "date": "1973-12-01", "genre": ["Action / Thriller"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Parce qu'il poss\u00e8de une liste de noms compromettante pour des fonctionnaires corrompus, un procureur, Di Angelo, essaie de faire tuer le gangster noir de Harlem Tommy Gibbs. Il \u00e9chappe \u00e0 la mort gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'intervention de son p\u00e8re qui a r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 l'emmener \u00e0 l'h\u00f4pital \u00e0 temps tout en cachant les pr\u00e9cieux documents. Ensemble, Tommy et son p\u00e8re font le m\u00e9nage chez leurs ennemis et font un arrangement avec Di Angelo pour \u00eatre blanchis des accusations port\u00e9es contre eux par la police.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fRMlZPb9HnEvYhYy3IgatszxQmZ.jpg", "actors": ["Fred Williamson (Tommy Gibbs)", "Julius Harris (Papa Gibbs)", "Gloria Hendry (Helen Bradley)", "Margaret Avery (Sister Jennifer)", "D'Urville Martin (Reverend Rufus)", "Tony King (Zach)", "Gerald Gordon (Mr. DiAngelo)", "James Dixon (Irish)", "Ty Randolph (Tough Bikini Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Serious side-burns is back!\r\n\r\nAfter the success of Black Caesar earlier in the year, this sequel was rushed into production to hopefully cash in on the clamour for Blaxploitation shenanigans. Sadly it's a rush job that is all too evidently half baked.\r\n\r\nPlot has Fred Wiliamson return as Tommy Gibbs (resurrected from the dead apparently!), who takes on corrupt D.A. Diangelo (Gerald Gordon) whilst dealing with matters of the heart. Directed by Larry Cohen, it's with Cohen's frank honest views on the film that critique should start. He would say that Hell Up In Harlem is a 90 minutes montage movie, and he is absolutely right.\r\n\r\nThis is jerkily episodic as it runs a course of people talking then cutting to boisterous action, then some talking and cut again to some more boisterous action, and on it goes for the complete run time. That the action is so gripping - and some choice dialogue zingers in the mix as well - keeps this from being an unwatchable mess. You also have to have respect for this type of guerrilla film making, it literally is filmed on the fly.\r\n\r\nRegardless of the unbelievable aspects of it all, the oodles of bright red fake blood, and poorly executed stunt work, the rawness of the violence keeps things above average. In fact there's a bit of bad taste simmering away in the violent dynamics, with no legal consequences of lead character's actions, which of course is a blaxploitation trait.\r\n\r\nIt's messy, but it's entertaining mess within the genre it sits in. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [22029, 49231, 94658, 13119], "youtube_key": "XmKvxQ_itl8"}