{"tmdb_id": 78331, "title": "Une cadillac en or massif", "original_title": "The Solid Gold Cadillac", "slug_title": "une-cadillac-en-or-massif", "date": "1956-08-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Laura Partridge, actrice au ch\u00f4mage, h\u00e9rite de douze actions d'une importante soci\u00e9t\u00e9. R\u00e9volt\u00e9e par le conseil d'administration lors d'une assembl\u00e9e g\u00e9n\u00e9rale, elle d\u00e9cide d'aider tous les petits actionnaires de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9. D\u00e8s lors, les principaux dirigeants tentent de l'emp\u00eacher de r\u00e9aliser ses projets.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6glbIgzaF5oWrCLhq6qjWqT7wT8.jpg", "actors": ["Judy Holliday (Laura Partridge)", "Paul Douglas (Edward L. McKeever)", "George Burns (Narrator (voice))", "Fred Clark (Clifford Snell)", "John Williams (John T. 'Jack' Blessington)", "Hiram Sherman (Harry Harkness)", "Neva Patterson (Amelia Shotgraven)", "Ralph Dumke (Warren Gillie)", "Ray Collins (Alfred Metcalfe)", "Arthur O'Connell (Mark Jenkins)", "Leoda Richards (Secretary)", "Madge Blake (TV Commentator)", "Richard Deacon (Williams)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Judy Holliday captivated me greatly, in the few of her only 9 credited films she made in her short life, before breast cancer silenced her at 43. She had a very unique presence in cinema, her voice alone was one-of-a-kind, and her comic timing was nothing short of genius. This was a fine vehicle for her (pardon the pun), in that she plays a friendly but na\u00efve lady who inherits a cat and 10 shares in a corruptly run company, decides to attend a shareholders' meeting, and the rest is history. She fulfills the axiom that if a large company makes personal connections with the small shareholders, the little people behind the scenes who keep large corporations surviving, that the good, honest person can win in big-time American big business. Because of Holliday's splendid personality, she was perfectly cast for the role. Though her character's romance with co-star Paul Douglas' was a minor, but important, feature of the film, I found this screwball comedy in an inexpensive Mill Creek 'Classic Romances' 8-pack, that I only purchased to see another one of Holliday's performances. I think that esteemed and highly of her work.\r\n\r\nShe was born on June 21, 1921--the summer solstice--and she would be turning 95 this summer, if she was still alive. My only wish is that she was, to at least read this, a love letter, from a truly appreciative fan of her work."}], "recommandations_id": [108994, 129553, 43046, 1940], "youtube_key": "1i3GUFrDEfE"}