{"tmdb_id": 78411, "title": "La Cr\u00e9ature des t\u00e9n\u00e8bres", "original_title": "Dark Intruder", "slug_title": "la-creature-des-tenebres", "date": "1965-07-25", "genre": ["Horreur / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 San Francisco, une s\u00e9rie de meurtres \u00e9tranges se produit. Un expert en occultisme se rend sur place pour enqu\u00eater...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/petzxxDop6hmOzoArFfgyRhZzXO.jpg", "actors": ["Leslie Nielsen (Brett Kingsford)", "Peter Mark Richman (Robert Vandenburg (as Mark Richman))", "Judi Meredith (Evelyn Lang)", "Gilbert Green (Harvey Misbach)", "Charles Bolender (Nikola)", "Werner Klemperer (Prof. Malaki)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Fiendish frolics in Frisco.\r\n\r\nDark Intruder is directed by Harvey Hart and written by Barre Lyndon. It stars Leslie Nielsen, Gilbert Green, Charles Bolender, Mark Richman, Judith Meredith and Werner Klemperer. Music is by Lalo Schifrin and cinematography by John F. Warren.\r\n\r\nA murderous fiend is terrorising San Francisco 1890, so supernatural expert Brett Kingsford (Nielsen) takes special interest in the crimes.\r\n\r\nA pilot for a TV show that wasn't picked up, Dark Intruder is a whole bunch of spooky fun. Clocking in at just under an hour in length, the pic makes up for what it lacks in mystery inventiveness, with sheer schlocky shenanigans. Moody courtesy of the period setting, complete with lots of fog, shadows and gaslights, the narrative indulges us in gods, oriental mysticism and Sumerian demons, whilst a dwarf, a sinister fortune teller and a mandrake plant all add quirky qualities to the play. There's even a kicker at the finale, so as to not rest on its laurels.\r\n\r\nRecommended for sure. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [90023, 47810, 83857, 238622], "youtube_key": "goFKNx1DkSA"}