{"tmdb_id": 78552, "title": "Sweet Sixteen", "original_title": "Sweet Sixteen", "slug_title": "sweet-sixteen", "date": "1983-03-18", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Melissa s'installe dans une petite ville avec sa famille. Tous les gar\u00e7ons meurent les uns apr\u00e8s les autres...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1sN94wadbfxsDfvb2NZ2wr2UV5I.jpg", "actors": ["Bo Hopkins (Sheriff Dan Burke)", "Susan Strasberg (Joanne Morgan)", "Patrick Macnee (Dr. John Morgan)", "Don Stroud (Billy Franklin)", "Dana Kimmell (Marci Burke)", "Aleisa Shirley (Melissa Morgan)", "Don Shanks (Jason Longshadow)", "Steve Antin (Hank Burke)", "Sharon Farrell (Kathy Hopkins)", "Logan Clarke (Jimmy)", "Michael Pataki (George Martin)", "Henry Wilcoxon (Greyfeather)", "Larry Storch (Earl)", "Michael Cutt (Frank)", "Glenn Withrow (Johnny Franklin)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> A serial killer on the loose in a small town.\r\n\r\nThis is not a popular title, but I find it an interesting thriller-mystery. I don't know the cast, but I liked them all decently. It is a murder mystery that takes place in a small town where a sheriff investigates the recent brutal knife attacks with all the possibility angle. All the victims were teenage boys, who are associated with the new girl in the town. Definitely you will begin to predict the suspect, that much the film evolves a bridge between you and the contents.\r\n\r\nIt was a great story, I was stunned for its underrated status and for going unnoticed, but then it ended very cheaply. To me the conclusion ruined the rhythm, otherwise the rest of the film was amazing and worth a watch. I hope somebody would remake it with some changes, especially in the final act and its twist. Overall surely it was a fine film, a mix of the teen theme and the cop story, obviously excluding the bad ending.\r\n\r\n6/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Whodunit slasher in a Southwestern town with a likable cast\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1983 and directed by Jim Sotos, \"Sweet 16\u201d chronicles events in a West Texas town when a new family moves into town and there are a series of murders revolving around the 16 year-old daughter (Aleisa Shirley). The sheriff (Bo Hopkins) and deputy (Michael Cutt) try to track down the killer. Dana Kimmell and Steve Antin play the Sheriff\u2019s kids while Patrick Macnee and Susan Strasberg play the parents of the new girl. \r\n\r\nWhile this is a slasher, it\u2019s not overly gory and could be categorized as a whodunit mystery. The story kicks off with a quality bar confrontation, which reveals the racial tension in the town between whites and Natives. Despite all the gushing over the new girl (Aleisa Shirley), she\u2019s not all that, i.e. no curves. Dana Kimmell is the real beauty here. \r\n\r\nThe cast is likable, particularly Hopkins as the main protagonist, and the early 80\u2019s ambiance is to die for. Don Shanks is notable as a kick axx Native. I liked the movie and enjoyed trying to figure out who the killer was amidst the red herrings, but found the wrap up a little eye-rolling and unsatisfying.           \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 1 hour, 30 minutes and was shot on the outskirts of Los Angeles. WRITER: Erwin Goldman. ADDITIONAL CAST: Don Stroud is on hand as a troublemaking cowboy.\r\n \r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [40469, 63590, 26230, 124556]}