{"tmdb_id": 78596, "title": "Gang Leader", "original_title": "Gang Leader", "slug_title": "gang-leader", "date": "1991-05-09", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Raghupathi (Murali Mohan), Raghava (Sarath Kumar) and Rajaram (Chiranjeevi) are brothers. Raghupathi is the only employee of the family. Raghava is preparing for Civil Service Examation and Rajaram is an unemployee. Rajaram and his four friends are a gang and are searching for jobs daily. They roam in the city till mid-night. Rajaram comes home at mid-night and sleeps till afternoon, his grand mother (Nirmalamma) scolds him for his irresponsibility and carelessness. On oneday Rajaram makes Kanya Kumari (Vijayashanti) to leave the house as she is not paying the rent to the house, Subsequently she changed her place to Rajaram's (Chiranjeevi) house. At one situation Rajaram (Chiranjeevi) goes to jail for money, because his brother requires money as he wants to go to Delhi for IAS preparation. Ekambaram (Raogopal Rao) kills Raghupathi (Murali Mohan) while his brother (Raja Ram) is in jail , but Rajarams` friends know how he died. Rajaram thinks his brother's death was an accident.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cJA2t5AqhSd5whLRBwbjhmNDHKd.jpg", "actors": ["Chiranjeevi (Rajaram)", "Vijayashanti (Kanyakumari)", "Murali Mohan (Raghupati)", "Sudha ()", "R. Sarathkumar (Raghava)", "Sumalatha ()", "Anandaraj ()", "Rao Gopal Rao (Ekambaram)", "Kaikala Satyanarayana (Jailer)", "Allu Ramalingaiah (Sidhanthi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}