{"tmdb_id": 78604, "title": "Michael", "original_title": "Michael", "slug_title": "michael", "date": "2011-05-12", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "MICHAEL d\u00e9crit les cinq derniers mois de la vie commune forc\u00e9e entre Wolfgang, 10 ans et Michael, 35 ans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fw9eraazhKODNR06kNYfzHg8jIU.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Fuith (Michael)", "David Rauchenberger (Wolfgang)", "Christine Kain (Mother)", "Ursula Strauss (Sister)", "Victor Tremmel (Brother in law)", "Xaver Winkler (Nephew 1)", "Thomas Pfalzmann (Nephew 2)", "Markus Hochholdinger (Kollege Kantine)", "Mika Sakurai (Tochter)", "Gisella Salcher (Christa)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Tough to recommend, but very much a quality piece of work.\r\n\r\nThe subject of paedophilia is naturally never going to be a topic that has people rushing out to theatres. It is what it is and it rightly induces horror and repulsion in straight thinking adults. Yet to simply stick our heads in the sand and ignore the issue is never the way to go, thankfully some directors are prepared to take up the hot baton and produce pictures to trouble and provoke thought in equal measure. Austrian film maker Markus Schleinzer has produced one such film, which is incredibly bold for his debut feature.\r\n\r\nStory explores the relationship between a middle aged paedophile played by Michael Fuith and the young boy he keeps locked in a secret basement room at his home, the youngster played by David Rauchenberger. The youngster is not held in some dark and damp room with no light, he is not chained up, Michael has in his own mind provided a loving and healthy home for his captive. He clearly loves the boy, watches TV with him, cooks him meals that they then eat together as if a \"normal\" couple. It's this banality that is so chilling, where coupled with how we see Michael functioning as a normal hard working man by day, really gnaws away at the senses.\r\n\r\nThankfully, and rightly, the sexual abuse side of things is not shown, nobody wants to see that. The horror comes in the implications, or the aftermath and preludes to what our mind's eye is being prompted to create. There are extended periods of silence throughout the picture, often dialogue is clipped and kept to minimum to urge the viewers to piece together what is going through Michael's mind. This is the strength of Schleinzer's movie, he's not judging or sermonising, he's presenting a scenario that on the surface to the people outside of Michael's basement secret, is normality, and it's that that is harrowing. Monsters live and move amongst us, fact! But how come we never notice them? It's this that Schleinzer so subtlety has his film prod us with.\r\n\r\nA bunk bed construction scene has never been so chilling as it is here, and you may - like me - never be able to listen to Boney M again without your mind wandering elsewhere. It's a tough film, it has to be, but it's expertly crafted without exploitation tendencies by the director and performed with skill by the two principles. To simply call it sick and disgusting is a cop out, the makers deserve a bit more credit than that. It's intelligent and balanced and does a fine job of provoking reaction from the audience. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31142, 37810, 46104, 176175]}