{"tmdb_id": 786, "title": "Presque C\u00e9l\u00e8bre", "original_title": "Almost Famous", "slug_title": "presque-celebre", "date": "2000-09-15", "genre": "Drame / Musique", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Dans les ann\u00e9es 70, William Miller, un adolescent de quinze ans, ne vit que pour la musique rock. Ce qu'il souhaite le plus au monde, c'est \u00e9crire des articles sur cette musique qu'il aime tant.Il envoie un essai au magazine Rolling Stone dans l'espoir de devenir journaliste. Son talent n'est pas pass\u00e9 inaper\u00e7u : on est pr\u00eat \u00e0 l'envoyer suivre le groupe Stillwater en tourn\u00e9e afin qu'il fasse un reportage sur eux.Le r\u00eave devient r\u00e9alit\u00e9 ; malgr\u00e9 les objections d'Elaine, sa m\u00e8re, William s'engage dans cette folle aventure.Il n'est toutefois pas facile de gagner la confiance des musiciens, surtout lorsqu'on est journaliste. William prouve rapidement aux membres de Stillwater qu'il est avant tout un admirateur inconditionnel de leur musique. Au cours de leur tourn\u00e9e, il abandonne peu \u00e0 peu la passivit\u00e9 de son r\u00f4le d'observateur pour participer \u00e0 la vie du groupe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/erCzYbWuDcUBbbDR2JkIwHwKE9x.jpg", "actors": ["Patrick Fugit (William Miller)", "Billy Crudup (Russell Hammond)", "Kate Hudson (Penny Lane)", "Frances McDormand (Elaine Miller)", "Jason Lee (Jeff Bebe)", "Zooey Deschanel (Anita Miller)", "Michael Angarano (Young William)", "Anna Paquin (Polexia Aphrodisia)", "Fairuza Balk (Sapphire)", "Noah Taylor (Dick Roswell)", "Philip Seymour Hoffman (Lester Bangs)", "Jimmy Fallon (Dennis Hope)", "Rainn Wilson (David Felton)", "Jay Baruchel (Vic Munoz)", "John Fedevich (Ed Vallencourt)", "Mark Kozelek (Larry Fellows)", "Liz Stauber (Leslie)", "Olivia Rosewood (Beth from Denver)", "Bijou Phillips (Estrella Starr)", "Pauley Perrette (Alice Wisdom)", "Peter Frampton (Reg)", "Mark Pellington (Freddy)", "Eion Bailey (Jann Wenner)", "J.J. Cohen (Roadie Scully)", "Gary Kohn (Roadie Gregg)", "Ray Porter (Roadie Mick)", "Alice Marie Crowe (Mrs. Deegan)", "Erin Foley (Alison the Fact Checker)", "Terry Chen (Ben Fong-Torres)", "Mitch Hedberg (Eagles Road Manager)", "Jesse Caron (Darryl)", "Zack Ward (The Legendary Red Dog)", "Devin Corey (The Who Road Manager)", "Pete Droge (Hyatt Singer)", "Elaine Summers (Hyatt Singer)", "Kevin Sussman (Lenny)", "Tom Riis Farrell (Plaza Doctor)", "John Patrick Amedori (Himself)", "Julia Decker (Waving Girl)", "Brian Vaughan (Real Topeka Kid)", "Anthony Martelli (Poolside Provocateur)", "Susan Yeagley (Have a Nice Day Stewardess)", "Holly Maples (Flight Attendant)", "Michelle Moretti (Swingo's Desk Clerk)", "Eric Stonestreet (Sheldon the Desk Clerk)", "Marc Maron (Angry Promoter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hopes, Dreams & Nightmares.\r\n\r\nAlmost Famous is Cameron Crowe's paean to rock music, of bands and songs, of journalism and promotion, of sex & drugs. Drawing from experience and stories passed on, Crowe tells the tale of a young teenage boy aspiring to be a music journalist in the 1970s. Finding himself backstage with the rock group Stillwater, William Miller (Patrick Fugit) embarks on a road journey with the band that's awash with egos, groupies, perils and pleasures, all of which change his life forever.\r\n\r\nLets go find something real!\r\n\r\nThe most striking thing about it is that it's not overtly funny or sensationalistic, it's a production that's full of love, real love, for the subject matters to hand, and it's very often a moving experience to be part of. Narratively speaking, Crowe takes his time, steadily building characters and backdrop essentials, it works a treat as we become immersed in all the major players within the music circle, while also feeling the concerns of those on the outside of the rock group circle. Which of course gives us the great rewards come the final third of film when all matters come to a head. Crowe and his design team also work some magic for period flavours, capturing the early 70s vibe with awareness of clothing, food and drink and transport. Nothing ever seems false, which is remarkable in this era of product placements and shameless plugging. \r\n\r\n50 bucks and a case of beer! \r\n\r\nAnother one of Crowe's strengths is how he garners great performances from his actors. There's no big stars here, no Tom or Ren\u00e9e, but Billy Crudup, Jason Lee, Kate Hudson and Fugit, who respond to their director with sincere and believable performances, no caricatures or ham sarnies here, no way. While outskirt performances from Frances McDormand (brilliant as William's fretful mother), Anna Paquin, Philip Seymour Hoffman (as the legendary Lester Bangs) and Fairuza Balk, consistently hit the hi-hat. The music of course rocks, from metal and progers, to folkers and bubblegum, to some punk godfathery, these sounds feature on the soundtrack and kick the decade into orbit - while the Stillwater scenes are effective and the use of Elton John's Tiny Dancer will land in your heart and stay there.\r\n\r\nCameron Crowe has created a smashingly memorable film that will stand the tests of time. Two cuts are available, where both the theatrical and director's cuts are sure fire things (the latter Bootleg Cut my personal favourite). This is a music based film to sit with the best of them, God Bless Rock N Roll and God Bless Cameron Crowe, for he could have easily embellished and over egged his rock pudding, instead he kept it real. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9675, 243, 9571, 9451]}