{"tmdb_id": 78943, "title": "Thiruvambadi Thamban", "original_title": "\u0d24\u0d3f\u0d30\u0d41\u0d35\u0d2e\u0d4d\u0d2a\u0d3e\u0d1f\u0d3f \u0d24\u0d2e\u0d4d\u0d2a\u0d3e\u0d28\u0d4d\u200d", "slug_title": "thiruvambadi-thamban", "date": "2012-05-25", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "After hit movie Shikaar, director Padmakumar's next titled as Thiruvambadi Thamban. S.Sureshbabu, the writer of Shikaar will penned for Thiruvambady Thamban. Jayaram and Haripriya play the lead roles . Tollywood actor Kishore is doing as villain and Myna fame Thambi Durai plays a vital role. Jagathy Sreekumar, Kalabhavan Mani, Nedumudi Venu also includes the cast. Thiruvambady Thamban is being produced by Alexander John under the banner of Jini Cinema. Cinematography is by Manoj Pillai, Ouseppachan will scored music and art section handled by Manu Jagath.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nhxDikJkUy6qMMbKQYTCQLIA5dP.jpg", "actors": ["Jayaram (Thiruvambady Thampan Tharakan)", "Jagathy Sreekumar (Thiruvambadi Mathan Tharakan)", "Kishore (Shakthivel)", "Nedumudi Venu (Kunjoonju)", "T G Ravi (Xavier)", "Samuthirakani (Panchayat President)", "Janardhanan ()", "Sreejith Ravi ()", "Shaju Sreedhar ()", "Jayaprakash (Kishore)", "Nandhu (Thiruvambhadi Thampan's friend)", "Babu Namboothiri (Achuvettan)", "Sreelatha Namboothiri (Grandmother of Thampan)", "Anil Murali (a Policeman)", "Jijoy Rajagopal (Asst Director)", "Hariprriya (Anjali)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Binu Kalarickan", "content": "Directed by Padmakumar, Thiruvambadi Thamban follows a more secure and similar path. The film, filled with emotions, actions, romance and comedy has nothing new to offer. In spite of great actors and a good budget, Thiruvambadi Thamban fails to create the impact that was expected, considering it has Jayaram in the lead.\r\n\r\nThe script of Thiruvambadi Thamban is extremely shaky, and that is the biggest flaw in the film. Padmakumar takes us aimlessly around the narrative, especially in the first one hour. It ultimately leaves the audience wondering what the director is trying to convey! After the turbulent one hour, suddenly the narrative changes and you start expecting some big changes. However, the film cannot hold on its own."}], "recommandations_id": [79843, 80234, 178546, 148893], "youtube_key": "notfound"}