{"tmdb_id": 78971, "title": "Karuppu Nila", "original_title": "\u0b95\u0bb0\u0bc1\u0baa\u0bcd\u0baa\u0bc1 \u0ba8\u0bbf\u0bb2\u0bbe", "slug_title": "karuppu-nila", "date": "1995-01-06", "genre": ["Familial / Drame / Action"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Shanmuga Pandian is a kind-hearted person and respected estate owner, he lives with his father Selvanayagam and mother Lakshmi and sister Sumathi. Shanmuga Pandian and Divya fall in love with each other. At Sumathi's wedding, Selvanayagam is falsely arrested for suppliyng weapons to terrorists. Thereafter, Sumathi's wedding is immediately stopped, Lakshmi becomes paralyzed and Divya refuses to marry him only because Shanmuga Pandian became poor. Nandhini hires Shanmuga Pandian in her company but her father considers Selvanayagam as his nemesis. Shanmuga Pandian and Nandhini fall in love with each other. The conspiracy against Selvanayagam was in fact planned by the corrupt politician P.K.R and his son Vasu. Later, Divya gets married with Vasu but the sadistic Vasu tortures Divya. The rest of the story is Shanmuga Pandian proves his father's innocence and revenge the villains with the help of Divya and Nandhini.", "image": "/img/default-cover.png", "actors": ["Vijayakanth (Shanmuga Pandian)", "Khushboo (Nandhini)", "Ranjitha (Divya)", "M. N. Nambiar (Nandhini's father)", "Srividhya (Lakshmi)", "R. Sundarrajan (Sundaram)", "Pasi Narayanan ()", "P. C. Ramakrishna (Selvanayagam)", "Meena Kumari (Sumathi)", "Kazan Khan (Vasu)", "Major Sundarrajan ()", "Peeli Sivam ()", "Loose Mohan ()", "Kullamani ()", "Reena ()", "Premi ()", "Swaminathan ()", "Raviraj ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}