{"tmdb_id": 79000, "title": "Les Contes de la nuit", "original_title": "Les Contes de la nuit", "slug_title": "les-contes-de-la-nuit", "date": "2011-07-20", "genre": ["Fantastique / Animation"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Tous les soirs, une fille, un gar\u00e7on et un vieux technicien se retrouvent dans un petit cin\u00e9ma qui semble abandonn\u00e9, mais qui est plein de merveilles. Les trois amis inventent, se documentent, dessinent, se d\u00e9guisent. Et ils jouent toutes les histoires dont ils ont envie dans une nuit magique o\u00f9 tout est possible...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cQMiDAJ6x5YefTKwPXHG9Oejga9.jpg", "actors": ["Julien Beramis (Boy (voice))", "Marine Griset (La fille (voix))", "Jonathan Kite (Roger Greedman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Norsk", "content": "Tales of the Night is a compilation of 6 fairy tales (5 of which were previously released elsewhere) in movie form. 3 individuals develop each story, decide who will play which role, what their wardrobe will be and the setting. 2 of them act out these roles, though a lot more than 2 people can be shown at any one time. The human characters are only shown in silhouette while the backgrounds can be quite colorful.\r\n\r\nThe fairy tales themselves are rather enjoyable and memorable. They could (mostly) be told to your children at bedtime or around a campfire. Despite only seeing silhouettes, you are still drawn into the story. My only complaint is that there was no proper ending to the film at large involving the 3 people developing each story. Instead the film ends with the final fairy tale, albeit during the credits they try to explain a supposed flaw in the last story.\r\n\r\nIf you want to see this (French) film in the United States, it is available for purchase or rent through all the major streaming retailers. It has also been released on DVD and Blu-Ray by GKIDS."}], "recommandations_id": [65592, 196942, 48522, 48894], "youtube_key": "notfound"}