{"tmdb_id": 79103, "title": "Une Arme pour un l\u00e2che", "original_title": "Gun for a Coward", "slug_title": "une-arme-pour-un-lache", "date": "1957-01-30", "genre": "Western", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Trois fr\u00e8res. L'a\u00een\u00e9 dirige le ranch, le plus jeune, plut\u00f4t l\u00e2che, vole la fianc\u00e9 de son a\u00een\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/q1MhhJz4ITbQuZ4HqcZSx0ezb0p.jpg", "actors": ["Fred MacMurray (Will Keough)", "Jeffrey Hunter (Bless Keough)", "Janice Rule (Aud Niven)", "Chill Wills (Loving)", "Dean Stockwell (Hade Keough)", "Josephine Hutchinson (Mrs. Keough)", "Betty Lynn (Claire)", "Iron Eyes Cody (Chief)", "Robert F. Hoy (Danny (as Robert Hoy))", "Jane Howard (Marie)", "Marjorie Stapp (Rose)", "John Larch (Stringer)", "Paul Birch (Andy Niven)", "Bob Steele (Durkee)", "Frances Morris (Mrs. Anderson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You won your way, what difference does it make?\r\n\r\nGun for a Coward is directed by Abner Biberman and written by R. Wright Campbell. It stars Fred MacMurray, Jeffrey Hunter, Janice Rule, Chill Wills, Dean Stockwell and Josephine Hutchinson. Out of Universal International Pictures, film is a CinemaScope production in Eastman Color, with photography by George Robinson and music by Joseph Gershenson.\r\n\r\nThree brothers must contend with big personal differences whilst also trying to see off a band of cattle rustlers who are pillaging from their herd.\r\n\r\nBut you don't cover me with your shadow.\r\n\r\nSo many good things involved with this production it feels unfair to label it as dull, but dull is ultimately how it ends up being after film has run its course. The cast assembled is a strong one, the dialogue is sharp and well written, and the location photography out of Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park is most pleasing. Prolific Western scorer Gershenson also produces a highly effective score, very reflective of the characters' stuttering emotions. But with a running time of almost 90 minutes the makers have over stretched the family feud premise by having too many periods of story inactivity. Biggest problem of all is that the coward of the title, Bless' (Hunter) back story is never fully formed, adding little snippets here and there doesn't do it justice. For instance: it's only late in the day that we find his reputation is tarnished outside of his family, the whole damn town are down on him. A better director than jobber for hire Biberman would surely have got more from this tortured character axis.\r\n\r\nStockwell and Hunter are not the best of actors all told, but they fit right into the roles of two brothers made of different stuff. Stockwell does a good turn as the young and fearless one, and Hunter as the middle brother of the three effectively conveys the psychological pangs that sting him during the plot. The elder brother is played by MacMurray, who offers up a weary surrogate father performance for this fatherless family. It's the death of the father that is the catalyst for Hunter's problems. While Hutchinson adds a bit of class as the fretful mother and Wills is always good value for money. Rule gets the short straw from the screenplay, in what is a critical (two fold) role, she isn't asked to do anything other than look pretty and say soothing words to tortured Bless. The action is competently constructed, though the art of throwing a convincing punch is sadly missing here. And the ending, whilst being predictable (no shades of the far superior Saddle the Wind here), has enough warmth about it for those not in need of blackness in their Western viewings.\r\n\r\nBy definition it is very much a B movie in the truest sense of the term, but there is good in the production, even if it is undone by slackness elsewhere. 5.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38659, 222996, 95677, 118653]}