{"tmdb_id": 791, "title": "Fog", "original_title": "The Fog", "slug_title": "fog", "date": "2005-10-14", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "4.1/10", "synopsis": "1871, un navire fait naufrage au large de l'\u00eele d'Antonio Bay. L'\u00e9quipage dispara\u00eet avec le bateau. Il ne s'agit pas d'un accident, mais les quatre coupables voient leur effroyable crime dissimul\u00e9 par une \u00e9trange brume.Plus d'un si\u00e8cle plus tard, le pass\u00e9 refait surface et un myst\u00e9rieux brouillard envahit l'\u00eele. Face aux \u00e9pouvantables morts qui se multiplient, les habitants terri\ufb01\u00e9s doivent affronter la mal\u00e9diction de ceux qui veulent se venger.Si le myst\u00e8re demeure, il n'y aura plus de paix. Sans v\u00e9rit\u00e9, personne ne survivra...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a6VvBLGI1W1OI1zDeNDLLP9xaAh.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Welling (Nick Castle)", "Maggie Grace (Elizabeth Williams)", "Selma Blair (Stevie Wayne)", "DeRay Davis (Spooner)", "Kenneth Welsh (Tom Malone)", "Adrian Hough (Father Robert Malone)", "Sara Botsford (Kathy Williams)", "Cole Heppell (Andy Wayne)", "Mary Black (Aunt Connie)", "Jonathon Young (Dan The Weatherman)", "R. Nelson Brown (Machen)", "Rade Serbedzija (Captain William Blake)", "Matthew Currie Holmes (Sean Castle)", "Sonja Bennett (Mandi)", "Meghan Heffern (Brandi / Jennifer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "It was like an itch I had to scratch !!!!\r\n\r\nIs it possible for fans of the John Carpenter original to be objective with this remake? Is it possible for a modern audience fed on Gorno and Slice Dice horror genres to be objective also?\r\n\r\nWell I like to think that as a man in middle age I can be very objective and rate the film accordingly, so with that in mind I happily admit to being a member of both the above groups I have mentioned. This smacked of a bad idea when it was first mooted but it came as no surprise to anyone who can see that mainstream cinema had at this time in film history simply run out of great ideas for movies. This is real bad and I avoided it for so long, but the fact that his royal highness John Carpenter was lending his name to the project always kept me interested, it was the itch I was destined to scratch at some point.\r\n\r\nIt's poorly directed, badly acted, in fact there is a scene with four people on a boat (two of each sex) that is so badly acted you would be surprised if these actors ever work again! The pic is devoid of suspense, jump shocks and worst of all, an ending that is as dreary as it is insulting. I give it 2/10 for the sound mix only. An awful abomination."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Oh man this was so bad. Like this was **so** bad. Part of me is afraid to go back and check out the original now, but the rest of me feels safe in the knowledge that it couldn't possibly be worse... I mean it couldn't, right? ...Right?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605 - Of no value. Avoid at all costs._"}], "recommandations_id": [1683, 8968, 10012, 10727]}