{"tmdb_id": 79255, "title": "The Mortician", "original_title": "The Mortician", "slug_title": "the-mortician", "date": "2011-02-15", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Alienated and cold, The Mortician (Method Man) processes the corpses with steely disregard. He is lonely and isolated. He is introduced to his new employee, Noah, (EJ Bonilla) by the morgue boss (Edward Furlong). Noah is a volatile youth working as part of his parole.Noah brings the notorious gangster, Carver (Dash Mihok), and his crew to the mortuary door. The Mortician's attention is pricked by the tattoo of Botticelli's 'Birth of Venus' inked on the body of a murdered woman (Judy Marte), that arrives at the morgue, triggering a series of haunting dreams from his childhood. Discovering a scared child, Kane (Cruz Santiago), fleeing the morgue, he's forced to act. They become reluctant allies, struggling for redemption as they run. Through his awkward heroism, the Mortician reconnects with his long forgotten past, and finds the answers he's been searching for. He find redemption and peace.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hhcQgzixzskp9WChswgo7c3gRkc.jpg", "actors": ["Method Man (The Mortician)", "Edward Furlong (Petrovsky)", "Dash Mihok (Carver)", "Blake Michael (Street Kid)", "Wendell Pierce (Clinger)", "Luis Da Silva Jr. (Benny)", "David Jensen (Officier Laurel)", "Randal Reeder (Officer Hardy)", "Dana Fuchs (Ava)", "Angelic Zambrana (Maria)", "Lance E. Nichols (Auggie)", "Judy Marte (Jenny)", "E.J. Bonilla (Noah)", "Odessa Sykes (Busy Body)", "Ava Knighten Santana (Chloe)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [27665, 39125, 114010, 44250], "youtube_key": "iPqA13g-Wuo"}