{"tmdb_id": 79525, "title": "Shay Jordan: All American Girl", "original_title": "Shay Jordan: All American Girl", "slug_title": "shay-jordan-all-american-girl", "date": "2007-04-05", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "SHAY: ALL AMERICAN GIRL is a heartwarming and sexy tribute to youth growing up in America. Scott presents Shay Jordan with a lovely birthday cake, only to have his c*ck dipped in the frosting and her sweet p*ssy. Gorgeous Addison Rose diddles herself while sucking on a bouquet of tantalizing lollipops. Karlie Montana and Shay share more than their hot dogs in a splendid girl/girl discovery scene. Ben English knocks Sammy Cruz off her rocking horse and she thoroughly enjoys the fall. Neveah enlists Shay in a game of patty-cake but Shay has something else in mind. Scott and Angeline Marie get all tied up in a licorice feeding frenzy while Shay bathes with some light up rubber duckies. In the finale, Shay shows her true American passion in a fantastic first-date scene with Marco and an everchanging Dodge Super Bee. Digital Playground`s All-American Girl series casts a vibrant, sexy light on America`s favorite pastimes and the sexy girls who enjoy them.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3BmbaJH5TTAX4Pezz7FHMP04N9X.jpg", "actors": ["Marco Banderas ()", "Sammy Cruz ()", "Ben English ()", "Shay Jordan ()", "Karlie Montana ()", "Scott Nails ()", "Nevaeh Givens ()", "Neveah ()", "Addison Rose ()", "Brandi Edwards ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}