{"tmdb_id": 79548, "title": "Disparue", "original_title": "Gone", "slug_title": "disparue", "date": "2012-02-23", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s avoir travaill\u00e9 toute la nuit, Jill Parrish rentre chez elle et d\u00e9couvre que sa soeur Molly a \u00e9t\u00e9 enlev\u00e9e. Elle-m\u00eame s'\u00e9tant sortie d'un kidnapping un an plus t\u00f4t, Jill est convaincue que le m\u00eame tueur en s\u00e9rie est revenu s'en prendre \u00e0 sa s\u0153ur. La police refuse de la croire et personne ne lui apportera d'aide. Redoutant que Molly n'ait plus que quelques heures \u00e0 vivre, Jill se lance dans sa propre traque.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xyi9L5aEY516T3FSF0eHqsiuJN2.jpg", "actors": ["Amanda Seyfried (Jill Conway)", "Daniel Sunjata (Powers)", "Jennifer Carpenter (Sharon Ames)", "Sebastian Stan (Billy)", "Wes Bentley (Peter Hood)", "Emily Wickersham (Molly Conway)", "Nick Searcy (Mr. Miller)", "Socratis Otto (Jim LaPointe)", "Joel David Moore (Nick Massey)", "Katherine Moennig (Erica Lonsdale)", "Michael Par\u00e9 (Lt. Ray Bozeman)", "Sam Upton (Officer McKay)", "Ted Rooney (Henry Massey)", "Erin Carufel (Officer Ash)", "Amy Lawhorn (Tanya Muslin)", "Susan Hess (Dr. Mira Andrews)", "Jeanine Jackson (Mrs. Cermak)", "Hunter Parrish (Try)", "Blaine Palmer (Conrad Reynolds)", "Victor Morris (Officer Dubois)", "Danny Wynands (Officer Johnson)", "Wade Allen (Officer Cummins)", "Jade Marx-Berti (Officer Ruffolo)", "Bruce Lawson (Detective Lawson)", "Jordan Fry (Jock)", "Jeff Cole (Customer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Kidnap Thriller 101.\r\n\r\nSarcastic Spoilers Within Review.\r\n\r\nOff the bat lets say it, Gone is not a very bad movie, it has the requisite mystery elements, Amanda Seyfried makes for an engaging lead as the once kidnapped girl who nobody seems to believe, the cinematography (Michael Grady) is high quality and there's some decent moments of chills along the way. Unfortunately the film just exists as a case of unadventurous screenplay writing.\r\n\r\nGone is written by Allison Burnett, who writes it like some homework assignment set by a bored lecturer at a film studies class. Everything about it is rank and file what you have seen a million times before in this type of genre offering. A bunch of characters file in for cameos under the guise of red herrings, while our spunky heroine single handedly out-foxes the whole of the Portland police force, while naturally evading capture at every juncture.\r\n\r\nEveryone but Seyfried's character are just on the periphery of things, where the likes of Wes Bentley and Jennifer Carpenter stand around hoping for the script to give them something worthwhile to do. In fact Carpenter's character is a set up for a late plot development, only for it to be the last we see of her, which is just bizarre in hindsight. Then the \"big\" finale arrives and the serial killer/kidnapper arrives and gets afforded the same \"none\" time as everyone else.\r\n\r\nNothing remotely original here, sadly. It serves decent enough as a time filler, but once the hopelessly weak finale plays its hand, you may come away asking yourself this question, why do films like this continually get green lit by studios when they have nothing more to offer other than putting another title on a budding actor's CV? 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [69668, 70578, 50671, 28211], "youtube_key": "sd2DOVzwQso"}