{"tmdb_id": 79698, "title": "La Proph\u00e9tie de l'anneau", "original_title": "The Lovers", "slug_title": "la-prophetie-de-l-anneau", "date": "2015-02-13", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction / Romance"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "2020, Tentant de secourir sa femme au cours d'une plong\u00e9e, Jay Fennel, tombe dans un profond coma qui le renvoie vers le pass\u00e9, en 1778. R\u00e9incarn\u00e9 en capitaine de l'arm\u00e9e de l'Inde britannique, le jeune officier va devoir d\u00e9jouer multiples trahisons et assassinats dans un pays secou\u00e9 par les luttes de pouvoir. Sa rencontre avec Tulaja, une guerri\u00e8re indienne, va changer le cours de son destin. Mais seul le pouvoir de l'anneau pourra transcender le temps et... sauver une vie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2tszioaFbawMOkwOXin1ig7oJkP.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Hartnett (James Stewart / Jay Fennel)", "Simone Kessell (Clara Coldstream)", "Tamsin Egerton (Laura Fennel)", "Alice Englert (Dolly)", "Bipasha Basu (Tulaja Naik)", "Abhay Deol (Udaji)", "Tehmina Sunny (Sonubai)", "Shane Briant (Governor of Bombay)", "Steve Nicolson (York)", "Atul Kulkarni (Raoji)", "Om Puri ()", "Roshan Seth ()", "Mahesh Jadu (The Assassin)", "Andrea Deck (Allie)", "James Mackay (Charles Stewart)", "Aegina De Vas (Jamnabai)", "Anna McNiven (Nurse Smith)", "Bryan Probets (Mostyn)", "Vijay Thombre (Desai)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Two women's efforts from two different timelines to save their loved one.\r\n\r\nIt was in the pre-production for over a decade, before reshuffle and recasting happened with the existing one. It was supposed to be an Indo-Aussie joint production, but later the Belgium production company joined the project. After the several hurdles it managed to get completed. It was an Anglo-Indian historical romance-drama, during the British raj in India about betrayal, coup, revenge and a journey movie. Also simultaneously set in the modern world focusing an archaeological couple who discovers a lost ancient Indian jewel in a shipwreck. From there the story gets a perfect beginning, later moves back to India.\r\n\r\nI don't understand what's with the Chinese music where the actual story take place in the 18th century India. It was so good and blends well, but that does define India or Indian culture while narrating its story. If you are not familiar with both Chinese and Indian musics, then it's not an issue at all. But that does not it, the names are Hindu and Indian soldiers with the Persian costumes, swords and other gadgets.\r\n\r\nHow the name 'Dragon's Throat' came to Indian geographical area and surname for the Indian characters in a wrong princely state. Like that, many stuffs make no sense, especially if you are from that part of the Earth. I think the research was very poor for making this movie. They should have hired an Indian musician and costume designer with an historian.\r\n\r\n> \"Love has many faces,\r\n> and one of them is jealousy.\"\r\n\r\nThe quality was top notch, the cast and their performances were excellent. But I could not stand for Bipasha Basu's facial expressions. She was always been in a sad face look, so depressing. That is the way her character was developed, so nothing wrong in her display. It was her international debut flick as well, and the launch was so disappointing. Because the story was very weak, maybe very silly. I have never seen the narration set in the ancient India other than in the Indian films. Quite amazing locations, and convinced with the visuals that how the 1700s' subcontinent would have looked like.\r\n\r\nThe major problem with this flick is that people can't get ending. How the time barrier was broken to pass through another timeline was never explained. The Hindu priest/saint/sadhu who blabbers about the space and time was a ridiculous than intellectual briefing. So this film owes lots of explanation to the viewers than entertaining them. I want to favour it, but I also want to be honest. The film was not like I was hoping for, very excited for the merge of historical subject with sci-fi, but did not stand tall. Thankfully, either it was not a bad movie of the year, I've seen even worse that I felt not to review. I won't recommend it, but there's a slim chance that you might like it, so choose it carefully.\r\n\r\n5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [291871, 339079, 80299, 79995], "youtube_key": "0sgAgzTmq0k"}