{"tmdb_id": 7975, "title": "J'ai engag\u00e9 un tueur", "original_title": "I Hired a Contract Killer", "slug_title": "j-ai-engage-un-tueur", "date": "1990-10-12", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Henri Boulange a d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de mettre fin \u00e0 ses jours. Devant les difficult\u00e9s qui s'accumulent, gr\u00e8ve des agents du gaz et ses maladresses personnelles, il d\u00e9cide d'engager un tueur...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/isn7m40ihEgY8A1ebzU98HrNhbU.jpg", "actors": ["Jean-Pierre L\u00e9aud (Henri Boulanger)", "Margi Clarke (Margaret)", "Kenneth Colley (Killer)", "Nicky Tesco (Pete)", "Charles Cork (Al)", "T.R. Bowen (Departmen Head)", "Imogen Claire (Secretary)", "Angela Walsh (Landlady)", "Cyril Epstein (Taxi Driver)", "Michael O'Hagan (Boss)", "Tex Axile (Barkeeper)", "Walter Sparrow (Hotel Splendide Receptionist)", "Tony Rohr (Frank)", "Joe Strummer (Singer)", "Peter Graves (Jeweller)", "Serge Reggiani (Vic)", "Ette Elliot (Killer's Daughter)", "Roberto Pla (Bongo Player)", "Aki Kaurism\u00e4ki (Man Selling Dark Glasses (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Very early in his career, the Finnish auteur Aki Kaurism\u00e4ki established an aesthetic for his films in colour that has held for decades now: the characters are blue-collar people struggling to get by, and whatever emotions they feel, their lines of hatred, love, hope, or disappointment are communicated in an utterly deadpan, monotone fashion. The scenery is usually drab industrial buildings and rusting dockyards. Kaurism\u00e4ki's 1990 film I HIRED A CONTRACT KILLER moves that formula, developed in his native Helsinki, to London. This is not the posh London of the royal family, bankers or socialites. Kaurism\u00e4ki managed to find completely dilapidated locations that I would have never imagined to exist in London of that time (though no doubt they've long since been gentrified beyond recognition at this point).\r\n\r\nHenri Boulanger (Jean-Pierre L\u00e9aud), a timid Frenchman living in London with no apparent friends or surviving family, has worked for fifteen years for a state utility. When he is made redundant in a bit of Thatcher-era privatization, he feels he has nothing more to live for. He attempts suicide twice, both tries ending in morbidly humorous failure, and he lacks the courage to try any further. He decides to enter the East End criminal underworld and to hire a paid assassin to kill him. The mob boss takes Henri's money and tells him it will be done through a subcontractor. But when Henri meets the lovely Margaret (Margi Clarke) and starts coming out of his shell, he suddenly has second thoughts. Unable to call off the job, he and Margaret try to evade the hitman (Kenneth Colley), already on Boulanger's trail.\r\n\r\nKaurism\u00e4ki's films are, to a large extent, dark comedies, and there are some laughs here. I also appreciated the element of homage to Kaurism\u00e4ki's forebears and peers here. Colley's sad hitman and the way the shots frame him was surely drawn from the crime capers that Jean-Pierre Melville shot in his last years. Kaurism\u00e4ki's perennial love for drab scenery had been boosted by his newly established friendship with Jim Jarmusch, a director who presented America at this time as so many vacant lots and abandoned buildings.\r\n\r\nStill, I wouldn't consider this among Kaurism\u00e4ki's best work. One of the things that makes Kaurism\u00e4ki's main, Finnish-language output so hilarious is that the characters speak in literary Finnish (nearly a different language than colloquial Finnish). When the dialogue is in English and with a mix of UK accents, the formula is not quite as effective. Jean-Pierre L\u00e9aud's English is almost incomprehensible -- the actor has been a titan of French film since the New Wave of Truffaut and Godard, but he's not proficient enough in English to do English-language cinema. Kaurism\u00e4ki no doubt wanted intended the character to sound that way, but it feels off for this viewer. I'd recommend this film only to those who have enjoyed a series of Kaurism\u00e4ki's stronger films of the era like the so-called \"Proletariat Trilogy\""}], "recommandations_id": [28212, 7974, 8214, 1379], "youtube_key": "notfound"}