{"tmdb_id": 7980, "title": "Lovely Bones", "original_title": "The Lovely Bones", "slug_title": "lovely-bones", "date": "2009-12-26", "genre": ["Fantastique / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "L'histoire d'une jeune fille assassin\u00e9e qui, depuis l'au-del\u00e0, observe sa famille sous le choc de sa disparition et surveille son meurtrier, ainsi que la progression de l'enqu\u00eate...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x6h0UMw1YJG9YIYwkN3ieVIgU4.jpg", "actors": ["Saoirse Ronan (Susie Salmon)", "Rachel Weisz (Abigail Salmon)", "Mark Wahlberg (Jack Salmon)", "Susan Sarandon (Grandma Lynn)", "Stanley Tucci (George Harvey)", "Michael Imperioli (Len Fenerman)", "Rose McIver (Lindsey Salmon)", "Carolyn Dando (Ruth Connors)", "Christian Thomas Ashdale (Buckley Salmon)", "Reece Ritchie (Ray Singh)", "Nikki SooHoo (Holly)", "Jake Abel (Brian Nelson)", "AJ Michalka (Clarissa)", "Tom McCarthy (Principal Caden)", "Stink Fisher (Mr. Connors)", "Evelyn Lennon (Susie Salmon (aged 3 years))", "Andrew James Allen (Samuel Heckler)", "Stefania LaVie Owen (Flora Hernandez)", "Scott Evans (Townsperson)", "Catherine Corcoran (Murder Victim)", "Marley McKay (Nate)", "Ashley Brimfield (Teenage Girl in Parking Lot)", "John Jezior (Mr. O'Dwyer)", "Anna George (Mrs. Singh)", "Kirit Kapadia (Mr. Singh)", "Richard Lambeth (Deputy)", "Nick Baker (Deputy)", "William Zielinski (Deputy)", "Glen Drake (Deputy)", "Greg Wood (Hospital Doctor)", "Freya Milner (Jackie Meyer)", "Katie Jackson (Leah Fox)", "Bruce Phillips (Grandfather)", "Dan Kern (Hospital Doctor)", "Ruby Hudson (Lana Johnson)", "Tina Graham (Sophie Cichetti)", "Phoebe Gittins (Mr. Harvey's Victim)", "Anna Dawson (Mr. Harvey's Victim)", "Lili Bayliss (Mr. Harvey's Victim)", "Veronica Horn (Grace Tarking)", "Jack Hoffman (Fashion Show MC)", "David C. Roehm Sr. (Mr. Coleman (as David C. Roehm Sr))", "Seth F. Miller (Soccer Coach)", "Lee Miller (Townsperson)", "Michael A. Salvato (Townsperson)", "Nakia Dillard (Townsperson)", "William Hummell (Townsperson)", "James Vassanelli (Townsperson)", "Billy Jackson (Mall Shopper)", "Bob Burns (Mall Shopper)", "Kathy Burns (Mall Shopper)", "April Phillips (Police Station Mother (as April Philips))", "Grace Carden-Horton (Police Station Girl)", "Gabby Greig (Police Station Girl)", "Bravo (Holiday the Salmon family dog)", "Stan The Wonder Pug (Himself)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Kewl Kat", "content": "Most people have probably seen The Lovely Bones by now but I will keep the spoilers to a minimum. This film will always be remembered as the breakout role for the incredible Saoirse Ronan. It will also be remembered as one of the most controversial films ever made. People tend to break off into two camps: Team Salmon or Team Harvey.\r\n\r\nIt starts off innocently enough: a boy-crazy teenage girl in the 1970s is crushing on a man at school. It seems that he is interested in Susie too and despite the disparity in age, she falls for his charms, mostly due to his exchange student allure and suave accent. As the film progresses, it becomes clear that another gentleman is also interested in the nubile teen. His name is Mr. Harvey and he lives in Susie's neighborhood. Unlike the man from school, Mr. Harvey puts in a tremendous amount of effort in an attempt to win the love of Susie Salmon. He builds her an amazing underground clubhouse, complete with all the stuff young people from that era loved. He had beverages such as Coca Cola that he selflessly shared with Susie as they hung out. It became clear that Mr. Harvey, while having great taste in females, was a bit awkward around them. His nervousness around Susie Salmon was evident and she picked up on that. Girls prefer a man with confidence. I also feel that maybe she was turned off because the Coke that Mr. Harvey gave her was warm. I didn't see an ice-filled cooler in the clubhouse anywhere. So I think these factors all led to Susie Salmon losing her patience, which erupted in an unfortunate display of rudeness. Mr. Harvey only had one rule in the clubhouse: Be polite. Susie Salmon broke that rule and the series of events that followed spiraled into one great, big, unfortunate chain reaction. \r\n\r\nThere are no bad people in The Lovely Bones. True, Susie Salmon came off as being a little narcissistic and immature but she was only 14 years old. Mr. Harvey was socially awkward and made some unfortunate choices in life but he had a deep desire to be loved and respected. Despite his talents and generosity, it seemed nobody opened up their heart to him. \r\n\r\nThe Lovely Bones is a film that will force you to take sides. Whether you end up on Team Harvey or Team Salmon, be prepared for an emotional ride. There are great performances all around. 8/10."}, {"pseudo": "flabob257", "content": "This was a very good movie.  I never heard of this movie so i was watching my tv,lazy day so i left this on  my tv and i was really interesting movie.   I will give a 9 out of 10"}], "recommandations_id": [4547, 50456, 3580, 8645], "youtube_key": "jvWXV-c2hWo"}