{"tmdb_id": 79909, "title": "Boys Love 2", "original_title": "Boys Love Gekijouban", "slug_title": "boys-love-2", "date": "2007-08-01", "genre": "Drame", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xhzYmKQdKJKO31D0OpCDbxcOXt2.jpg", "actors": ["Yoshikazu Kotani (Kaori Aoi)", "Atsumi Kanno (Sora Amagami)", "Yuuki Kawakubo (Ichiyu Muzuki)", "Kazunori Tani (Riku Hanazono)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Steven Joel Speirs", "content": "The plot was excellent if you do not attempt to make it into a gay film in your mind. It is not a gay film. It is not even a Yaoi / manga film at all. It is about highly complex boarding school power struggles that actually take place in some of the world's boarding schools that are either all boys, or all girls. I attended a private all boys boarding school for six years and I'm here to tell everyone that this film was spot on. Yes, we had multiple rapes, two suicides, and everything else you can imagine in power play struggles, and head games, going on around the clock. Very seldom did the faculty ever find out about these things, and when they did, there were severe punishments, expulsions, and at times legal charges. This is a great film about the truth no one wants to know about concerning such schools. It was just poorly funded for the director's intentions. If the production had not attempted to make the film about an ultra exclusive rich-boy school, viewers would have not complained. I know I would not! The other way would have been to have had a 20 million U.S. dollar budget, and a top notch studio. Kohtaro Terauchi, the film's director really deserved a big studio and big budget, because he is tops at his trade.\r\n\r\nSincerely,\r\n\r\nSteven Joel Speirs\r\n\r\nJuly 30, 2015\r\n\r\nUnited States"}], "recommandations_id": [388907, 427680]}