{"tmdb_id": 80318, "title": "The Motel Life", "original_title": "The Motel Life", "slug_title": "the-motel-life", "date": "2012-11-16", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux fr\u00e8res prennent la fuite apr\u00e8s un accident de voiture meurtrier...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3ZM2qKKlrkWX9EvsFUAhGkPRUjM.jpg", "actors": ["Emile Hirsch (Frank)", "Stephen Dorff (Jerry Lee)", "Dakota Fanning (Annie James)", "Kris Kristofferson (Earl Hurley)", "Joshua Leonard (Tommy)", "Noah Harpster (Al Casey)", "Garrett Backstrom (Young Jerry Lee)", "Andrew Lee (Young Frank)", "Nancy Youngblut (Mom)", "Jenica Bergere (Polly Flynn)", "Oren Skoog (Barry Hurley)", "Hayes MacArthur (Officer Cook)", "Scott MacArthur (Officer Mori)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The story of two orphan and strongly bonded brothers.**\r\n\r\nI have been set eye on this for some time, but only now I been able to see it. It was not as good as I expected, but an okay film. The story of two brothers who were orphaned at very young age and since then they have never been parted as they promised to their mother. Now grown up to adult, one of them commits an accident and decides to run away with it. When the law makes the progress on the case that leads to them, what's now and how they fight it was focused in the rest.\r\n\r\nVery ordinary screenplay. Feels like a bit realistic, but there's nothing much happening at all. Thanks to those additional animations which actually lifted the film a bit. I loved those sequences over the real film. So this for the first directional film for the Polsky brothers and they were okay. I liked the cast of the brothers. apart from them there's no one that impressive. The romance was very weak, though only the ending was high.\r\n\r\nI don't know the novel, it was based on, but the film lacked some good scenes or the events. Not just one or two, but in many parts the film should have been better. They should have altered the storyline from the original source. Especially the fate of amputated brother was too intentional as story wanted to end other way around. It was all the sudden and ruined the rhythm. The film is not good for everyone's viewing, so I suggest you be a careful if you want to try it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [249169, 19033, 48843, 143942]}