{"tmdb_id": 80389, "title": "Kill the Gringo", "original_title": "Get the Gringo", "slug_title": "kill-the-gringo", "date": "2012-03-15", "genre": "Action / Thriller / Crime / Drame", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Arr\u00eat\u00e9 puis incarc\u00e9r\u00e9 dans une prison mexicaine pour trafic de drogue, un homme apprend \u00e0 survivre dans ce milieu hostile avec l'aide d'un enfant de 9 ans.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lSe8Oqh3xvCCuPweSpCElLrMpJj.jpg", "actors": ["Mel Gibson (Driver)", "Peter Stormare (Frank)", "Dean Norris (Bill)", "Bob Gunton (Mr. Kaufmann)", "Kevin Hernandez (Kid)", "Daniel Gim\u00e9nez Cacho (Javi)", "Jes\u00fas Ochoa (Caracas)", "Dolores Heredia (Kid's Mother)", "Peter Gerety (Embassy Guy)", "Roberto Sosa (Carnal)", "Mario Zaragoza (Vasquez)", "Gerardo Taracena (Romero)", "Tenoch Huerta (Carlos)", "Fernando Becerril (Prison Director)", "Scott Cohen (Frank's Lawyer)", "Zak Knutson (American Hitman 2)", "Tom Schanley (American Hitman 3)", "Jace Jeanes (American Hitman 4)", "Clayton J. Barber (American Hitman 5)", "Patrick Bauchau (Surgeon)", "Denise Gossett (Thomas Kauffman's Secretary)", "Regina Orozco (Mrs. Serrano)", "Stephanie Lemelin (Frank's Lawyer's Secretary)", "Suzanne Cryer (Driver's Wife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have always liked Mel Gibson and I really do not care how drunk or politically incorrect he might be. I still like to see him in movies and this is a surprisingly good movie. The movie had a proper theatrical premier in most countries except USA where it went straight to VOD which I find a bit surprising. It is a lot better movie than much of the stuff that are shown in theaters. I suspect the politically correct hypocrites had something to do with that.\r\n\r\nPersonally, I found this movie surprisingly good. Mel Gibson fit the role very well and made a quite good performance. The settings with the bizarre prison which looked like a cross between Alcatraz and Freetown Christiania in Copenhagen was quite cool. It was the kind of setting that I would not have been surprised to find in a Tarantino-movie. I also liked the cynical and somewhat ironical voice-over by Gibson.\r\n\r\nThe story was okay. Perhaps not the most believable one but good enough for this kind of action movie. Speaking of action, there were indeed some decent action in the movie but it is not like the movie is overloaded with it. It is nicely spread out and once the action starts it is pretty good. It is also true that some scenes are a wee bit gruesome but I am not sure that I agree with the R-rating. Most of the time that rating felt a bit over the top. Still, I rather have a R-rated movie with cuts than a PG-13 with lots of silly cuts in it.\r\n\r\nThere were some silly bits of course, like how easy Mel could evade the prison and make a \u201cbusiness-trip\u201d to the states when he finally felt like it and the entire business of performing transplantation surgery in a filthy prison. Mel might have found that \u201cput it back\u201d statement funny when he wrote it but it came out rather silly to me.\r\n\r\nBottom line is that this was a quite enjoyable movie. A perfect after-work movie when you feel like parking your brain somewhere in the garage with your car and just sit down and watch something requiring a minimum of concentration."}], "recommandations_id": [12201, 49021, 2112, 1266]}