{"tmdb_id": 8077, "title": "Alien\u00b3", "original_title": "Alien\u00b3", "slug_title": "alien3", "date": "1992-05-22", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Horreur", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre \u00e9chapp\u00e9e avec Newt et Hicks de la plan\u00e8te alien, Ripley s'\u00e9crase sur Florina 161, une plan\u00e8te prison qui h\u00e9berge un p\u00e9nitencier. Malheureusement Newt et Hicks ne survivent pas au crash, au contraire d'un visiteur ind\u00e9sirable. La prison ne tol\u00e9rant aucun arme, et l'aide \u00e9tant lointaine, les prisonniers doivent survivre avec ce qu'ils ont sur place.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pmrQSnAKmhUFvQzv9uendivI6cb.jpg", "actors": ["Sigourney Weaver (Lt. Ellen Louise Ripley)", "Charles S. Dutton (Leonard Dillon)", "Charles Dance (Jonathan Clemens)", "Pete Postlethwaite (David Postlethwaite)", "Ralph Brown (Francis Aaron)", "Paul McGann (Walter Golic)", "Danny Webb (Robert Morse)", "Lance Henriksen (Lance Bishop)", "Brian Glover (Harold Andrews)", "Tom Woodruff Jr. (Alien)", "Deobia Oparei (Arthur Walkingstick)", "Niall Buggy (Eric Buggy)", "Christopher John Fields (Daniel Rains)", "Peter Guinness (Peter Gregor)", "Vincenzo Nicoli (Alan Jude)", "Christopher Fairbank (Thomas Murphy)", "Phil Davis (Kevin Dodd)", "Paul Brennen (Yoshi Troy)", "Clive Mantle (Clive William)", "Carl Chase (Frank Ellis)", "Hi Ching (Company Man)", "Leon Herbert (Edward Boggs)", "Danielle Edmond (Rebecca \"Newt\" Jorden)", "Holt McCallany (Ted \"Junior\" Gillas)", "Tom Woodruff Jr. (Lead Alien (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wong", "content": "Aliens, a great action movie, cheapened the original by replacing one hyper-intelligent, indestructible monster with an army of gormless critters. This third entry has only one creature, but unfortunately it's just as gormless. When Ripley (Weaver) crash-lands on a prison planet full of hard-nut slap-heads, they haven't seen a woman in years. Discovering that there's an alien loose, Ripley asks the warden to break out the guns, and can't believe it when she is told there aren't any. Nor can we. Good acting has salvaged many a poor script in the past, but not here. Dance is slaughtered in the first act, as is the regulation bastard warden (Glover), leaving only Sigourney, impressive as ever, and a motley cast of extras. Though wasteful of the expensive sets, Fincher's tight close-ups do add to the sense of claustrophobic panic."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Don't feck with The Baldies!\r\n\r\nSpecial Edition.\r\n\r\nI love it, I really do. OK! So it's basically a monster on the loose piece, but the setting at a sci-fi prison colony - complete with nutty religious shards - makes for a thrillingly atmospheric ride. Of course if this was merely a stand alone film, where there was no Alien and Aliens previously, I feel sure the special edition cut would be thought of differently. \r\n\r\nA roll call of Brit thesps line up for some tension filled entertainment as director David Fincher and cinematographer Alex Thomson provide a look that is both beautiful and scary. The metallic nightmare of chambers and cold concrete fused together for some hellish stalk and paranoia. Industrial Punk? Steam Punk? Cyber Punk? Fincher Punk? Hey man, we gotta give it a name! And of course there's Siggy Weaver front and centre, the reassuring presence among the murderers, rapists and child molesters. \r\n\r\nI could live without the attempt at a transcendent finale, but in extended form this has much to light your fires. It also showed that Fincher would be a director to watch - imagine if had he been left alone to craft his own vision? His subsequent career and standing makes a mockery of the studio execs involved in the making of Alien\u00b3. 8/10\r\n"}, {"pseudo": "Charles Dance", "content": "**Superior in every department to the basic shoot em up, Aliens,** \r\n\r\nAlien 3 returns the franchise to its artistic horror roots established by Ridley Scott. No more Disney kids, happy endings and machine gun wielding irritants.\r\n\r\nThis movie is a beautifully bleak experience and is the true sequel to Alien (1979). Performances are excellent all round - especially Charles Dance as prison doctor, Clemens, and, of course, Sigourney Weaver - who gives us her best performance as the downtrodden Ripley.\r\n\r\nA masterwork by David Fincher that restores the horror and dignity to the series. Thank goodness for Alien 3! \r\n\r\n- Charles Dance"}], "recommandations_id": [8078, 679, 395, 348]}