{"tmdb_id": 80816, "title": "Contact Has Begun: A True Story With James Gilliland", "original_title": "Contact Has Begun: A True Story With James Gilliland", "slug_title": "contact-has-begun-a-true-story-with-james-gilliland", "date": "2008-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "This documentary explores near death experiences, UFO\u2019s, ORBs, global changes,  and extra terrestrial encounters. With live UFO footage and first hand accounts of other-world encounters, this  film is among the first to explore questions such as where did they come from? And why are they here? The film  features James Gilliland, an expert in the area of E.T. phenomena, who has appeared regularly on the popular  radio show \u201cCoast to Coast A.M.\u201d  It's filmed at Gilliland\u2019s ranch in Trout Lake, Washington which serves as the primary location  for Gilliland\u2019s E.T. encounters. The movie delves into Gilliland\u2019s life story, his own near death experience, his  personal encounters with other worldly beings, and also includes interviews with physicists and other experts who  have visited the ranch and share their perceptions of these phenomena. The films includes appearances by Dr. Miceal  Ledwith, Neil Freer, Dr. Brooks Agnew, Afred Webre, and Dr. Michael Salla.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cgR8SQU4xC9nRiLXZR3OE2l2cBJ.jpg", "actors": ["James Gilliland (Himself)", "Micheal Knight (Himself)", "Micheal Ledwith (Himself)", "Neil Freer (Himself)", "Alfred Webre (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "OOy2aaf9EBM"}