{"tmdb_id": 8090, "title": "Intra\u00e7able", "original_title": "Untraceable", "slug_title": "intracable", "date": "2008-01-22", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Portland. L'agent sp\u00e9cial Jennifer Marsh appartient \u00e0 la section Cybercrime du FBI, charg\u00e9e de traquer les \"hackers\", fraudeurs et p\u00e9dophiles qui utilisent Internet \u00e0 des fins criminelles. Technicienne aguerrie, elle croyait avoir tout vu, avant qu'un pr\u00e9dateur d'un style in\u00e9dit ne commence \u00e0 diffuser sur la Toile les images des tortures inflig\u00e9es \u00e0 ses victimes, et qu'il n'invite les spectateurs \u00e0 participer \u00e0 leur ex\u00e9cution. L'affaire ne tarde pas \u00e0 mobiliser la police locale, mais le criminel reste insaisissable, et son site introuvable. La traque prend bient\u00f4t une tournure personnelle lorsque Jennifer et ses plus proches collaborateurs sont pris pour cible. Un jeu du chat et de la souris s'engage alors dans l'urgence, mais il est peut-\u00eatre d\u00e9j\u00e0 trop tard...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z98zaoOhIYSgRE8HIdZw6EGee62.jpg", "actors": ["Diane Lane (Agent Jennifer Marsh)", "Billy Burke (Eric Box)", "Colin Hanks (Griffin Dowd)", "Joseph Cross (Owen Reilly)", "Mary Beth Hurt (Stella Marsh)", "Peter Lewis (Richard Brooks)", "Perla Haney-Jardine (Annie Haskins)", "Tim DeZam (Herbert Miller)", "Christopher Cousins (David Williams)", "Jesse Tyler Ferguson (Arthur James Elmer)", "Brynn Baron (Mrs. Miller)", "John Breen (Richard Weymouth)", "Dan Callahan (Trey Restom)", "Tyrone Giordano (Tim Wilks)", "Erin Carufel (Melanie)", "Ryan Deal (Cop #1)", "Betty Moyer (Assistant)", "Katie O\u2019Grady (Portland Reporter #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Nothing new and only proving that the horror genre in 2008 wasin need of reinvigoration.  \r\n\r\nJennifer Marsh is a secret service agent, her speciality is crime across the internet. One day she comes across a site that is untraceable, the host of the site conducts painful killings to entertain the watching public. The kicker being that the more people who log on and observe, the quicker the death will be, and, well people being people...\r\n\r\nThere really isn't much to recommend here, outside of a solid performance from Diane Lane as Marsh, and some newer ingenious deaths to woo the gorno crowd, it's a buy the numbers horror thriller that seems to come along every three months. The villain is incredibly weak, the script is tepid and uninspiring, and the ending is as predictable as anything that has been done badly before. The premise promised so much as well, we are all here in an internet driven age, so what a perfect chance the makers had to play on users fears, sadly this fails in the same way that 2006s Stay Alive failed, thinking the premise alone will make a great genre piece.\r\n\r\nIf you liked Hostel 12 and Saw 37, chances are you will get something from this film, but the original Saw, Cube and My Little Eye seem a million miles away now, for at least they had originality and vitality in their favour, Untraceable just comes across as a big league cash cow milking the purses of gorno children who fail to see the blunt hammer hitting them over the head. 3/10 for Diane only."}], "recommandations_id": [9828, 11804, 4413, 12201]}