{"tmdb_id": 8095, "title": "Cl\u00e9op\u00e2tre", "original_title": "Cleopatra", "slug_title": "cleopatre", "date": "1963-06-12", "genre": ["Drame / Histoire / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Version int\u00e9grale de cette reconstitution historique con\u00e7ue avec tout le faste n\u00e9cessaire de la c\u00e9l\u00e8bre histoire de la c\u00e9l\u00e8bre reine et amante, Cl\u00e9op\u00e2tre, qui sans coup f\u00e9rir coucha dans son lit rien moins que C\u00e9sar et Marc-Antoine. L'histoire de son r\u00eagne, l'histoire d'Alexandrie et de Rome men\u00e9e d'une main de ma\u00eetre par Manckiewicz.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bj7rUGUewofA9cpHt1h36gvDFfy.jpg", "actors": ["Elizabeth Taylor (Cleopatra)", "Richard Burton (Marcus Antonius)", "Rex Harrison (Julius Caesar)", "Pamela Brown (High Priestess)", "George Cole (Flavius)", "Hume Cronyn (Sosigenes)", "Cesare Danova (Apollodorus)", "Kenneth Haigh (Brutus)", "Andrew Keir (Agrippa)", "Martin Landau (Rufio)", "Roddy McDowall (Octavian - Caesar Augustus)", "Robert Stephens (Germanicus)", "Francesca Annis (Eiras)", "Gr\u00e9goire Aslan (Pothinus)", "Martin Benson (Ramos)", "John Doucette (Achillas)", "Michael Hordern (Cicero)", "John Hoyt (Cassius)", "Carroll O'Connor (Casca)", "Andrew Faulds (Canidius)", "Michael Gwynn (Cimber)", "Peter Grant (Palace Guard (uncredited))", "Marne Maitland (Euphranor)", "Richard O'Sullivan (Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII)", "Gwen Watford (Calpurnia)", "Douglas Wilmer (Decimus)", "Marie Devereux (Bacchanal Reveler)", "Herbert Berghof (Theodotos)", "Jacqueline Chan (Lotos (as Jacqui Chan))", "Isabel Cooley (Charmian (as Isabelle Cooley))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "On Your Knees!\r\n\r\nOn your knees! It's something that Cleopatra her self shouts at a stunned Mark Antony, but it could quite literally have been shouted by many in Hollywood at 20th Century Fox as their gargantuan epic threatened to sink them. The trials and tribulations surrounding the film are stuff of legend, all of which makes for a film itself, but I will not go over old ground, there's a couple of great documentaries available out there and they are required viewing. They also help to explain somewhat why Cleopatra is not the genre defining classic many hoped it would be. Truth is is that no film could have lived up to the expectation that surrounded Cleopatra, as it is, with flaws and all, it's still a enjoyably lavish spectacle, harking back to a time when grandiose meant something. In fact a time of film making we could do with in today's day and age of retreads, remakes and soppy sequels.\r\n\r\nSplit in to two narratives, that of Caesar & Cleopatra and Antony & Cleopatra, film basically deals with how Rome sought to conquer Egypt as Cleopatra clung on grimly in power and affairs of the heart. A cast of quality thespians stand straight backed and deliver the plot machinations, set to the backdrop of magnificent ornate sets, period costuming, piercing photography and a pulse pounding musical score. Quite simply the grandeur and scope is stunning in its presentation. Not all the dialogue works, and there are passages of exchanges that come off as undernourished; while soap operatics take a hold in the second part of the film. Yet for the historical epic fan there is just too much that is great for this to be ignored or considered a stinker. From Rex Harrison - Elizabeth Taylor - Richard Burton & Roddy McDowall, to the opulence seeping from every pore, Cleopatra is a joyous eye opening experience. Yes! Flaws and all. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1712, 261, 29912, 5919], "youtube_key": "NGDyZHlHklo"}