{"tmdb_id": 81005, "title": "Jack, le chasseur de g\u00e9ants", "original_title": "Jack the Giant Slayer", "slug_title": "jack-le-chasseur-de-geants", "date": "2013-02-27", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Familial / Fantastique"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune ouvrier agricole du nom de Jack ouvre involontairement un passage entre notre monde et celui d'une terrifiante race de g\u00e9ants. D\u00e9barquant sur la Terre pour la premi\u00e8re fois depuis des si\u00e8cles et des si\u00e8cles, les g\u00e9ants n'ont qu'un objectif: reprendre le territoire qu'ils ont jadis perdu. Jack doit tout mettre en \u0153uvre pour les arr\u00eater. Il va devenir malgr\u00e9 lui un guerrier valeureux. Le salut de l'humanit\u00e9 repose sur ses \u00e9paules...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wn4aSJcKiQ0fPzJ92XEf6M9Kmlo.jpg", "actors": ["Nicholas Hoult (Jack)", "Eleanor Tomlinson (Princess Isabelle)", "Ewan McGregor (Elmont)", "Stanley Tucci (Roderick)", "Ian McShane (King Brahmwell)", "Eddie Marsan (Crawe)", "Ewen Bremner (Wicke)", "Warwick Davis (Old Hamm)", "Bill Nighy (General Fallon)", "Ralph Brown (General Entin)", "Andrew Brooke (Fye)", "Ben Daniels (Fumm)", "Daniel Lapaine (Jack's Dad)", "Christian Wolf-La'Moy  (Horse Merchant)", "Angus Barnett (Foe)", "Alex MacQueen (Tour Guide)", "Tandi Wright (The Queen)", "Lee Boardman (Badger)", "Christopher Fairbank (Uncle)", "Cornell John (Fee)", "Simon Lowe (Monk)", "Mingus Johnston (Bald)", "Joy McBrinn (Old Maid)", "Chris Brailsford (Blacksmith)", "Craig Salisbury (Panto Erik the Great)", "Peter Bonner (Panto Monk)", "Richard Dixon (King's Artiste)", "John Kassir (General Fallon's Small Head)", "Lee Whitlock (Small Drunk)", "Jody Halse (Fat Drunk)", "Philip Philmar (Cook Giant)", "Peter Elliott (Sentry / Bugler Giant)", "Don McCorkindale (Tongue Giant)", "Tayler Marshall (1st Child)", "Amber Vertannes (2nd Child)", "Hattie Gotobed (Little Girl)", "Joe E Salazar (Roddy)", "Steven Williams (Master of Secrets)", "John Lebar (Panto Giant 1)", "Phill Martin (Panto Giant 2)", "Steve Haze (Panto Musician)", "Tim Foley (Jack's Father)", "Michael Self (Young Jack)", "Sydney Rawson (Young Isabelle)", "Byron Coll (Soldier)", "Aaron Jackson (Soldier)", "Caroline Hayes (Jack's Mum (uncredited))", "Joseph Dewey (The King's Paige (uncredited))", "Duncan JC Mais  (King's Foot Soldier (uncredited))", "Santi Scinelli  (Soothsayer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Boring and with low quality animations."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Me and the kids watched this movie yesterday evening. We all liked it quite a lot. This is a very enjoyable family movie. It is, not surprisingly, a new twist on the old Jack and the Beanstalk story. The basic elements are there, Jack, beans, beanstalks and, of course, giants. A few new elements are thrown in like a Crown to control the giants, a treacherous bastard responsible for the entire mess and a few other things.\r\n\r\nThe giants are very well done. The CGI is good to very good most of the time. As can be expected, it is the giants that make up this movie. I would say that they are slightly scary (for kids) and rather funny at the same time. Unfortunately the same cannot be said about the human actors. The acting is generally not so good and sometimes downright abysmal. It is rather surprising for such a relatively big production to have such poor TV-show quality acting.\r\n\r\nThe bottom line is that it is a very enjoyable family movie. If you watch it as an adult I guess you must have a liking for special effects and CGI, which I do, in order to enjoy it."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Medieval fairy tale with a noble hero, a beautiful princess and hordes of barbaric giants***\r\n\r\nReleased in 2013 and directed by Bryan Singer, \u201cJack the Giant Slayer\u201d has plot similarities to 1962\u2019s \u201cJack the Giant Killer\u201d with Nicholas Hoult playing the wholesome farm boy, Eleanor Tomlinson the winsome princess and Ian McShane the king. The rural protagonist slays a couple giants and rescues the royal maiden, but that\u2019s where the similarities between the two movies end. This one lacks an evil wizard and his dark castle, which are substituted by the brutal giants and the colossal beanstalk that leads up to their awesome realm above the clouds.\r\n\r\nDespite the almost $200 million spent mostly on the CGI giants & their world, \u201cJack the Giant Slayer\u201d just isn\u2019t as compelling as \u201cJack the Giant Killer,\u201d which had super-cheesy effects, albeit charming. Yes, the giants & their realm look superb, as far as cartoonish CGI goes, but more time & money needed spent on the characters and their story to hook the viewer. In other words, despite all the action/adventure and millions blown on CGI, the story\u2019s generally meh.\r\n\r\nNonetheless, the flick\u2019s good enough if you favor CGI-laden films like \u201cKing Kong\u201d (2005) and \u201cAvatar\u201d (2009). Hoult and Tomlinson are more-than-worthy as the protagonists with Hoult being reminiscent of Richard Thomas. I just wish the script fleshed them out more and made us care about them and their considerable challenges.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 54 minutes and was shot in England (Surrey, Norfolk & Somerset). ADDITIONAL CAST: Ewan McGregor plays a knight, Stanley Tucci a royal bastage and Eddie Marsan his inane crony.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [60304, 68728, 72559, 47964], "youtube_key": "bXAwGb6_nEE"}