{"tmdb_id": 81079, "title": "Lakshyam", "original_title": "Lakshyam", "slug_title": "lakshyam", "date": "2007-07-06", "genre": ["Action"], "score": "8.0/10", "synopsis": "The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Jagapati Babu) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Chandu (Gopichand). Chandu is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Anushka). Enter Section Shankar (Yashpal Sharma), the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. He kills anyone who comes in his way and does not leave any evidence or witness behind. He takes a loan of 100 crores from a private bank with the help of a conniving DGP and a politician. He kills the bank\u2019s chairman in order to avoid repayment and puts the blame on Bose. Bose tries to stop Section Shankar. Chandu also gets into disputes with Section Shankar.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kNq5gMpc6D1RqMK4RhiQjvb5zPl.jpg", "actors": ["Gopichand (Chandu)", "Jagapati Babu (ACP Bose)", "Anushka Shetty (Indu)", "Yashpal Sharma (Section Shankar)", "Ashish Vidhyarthi (new D.I.G.)", "Devraj (D.I.G.)", "Kota Srinivasa Rao (Chandu & Bose's Father)", "Brahmanandam (Restaurant owner)", "Ali (Bokkana)", "Dharmavarupu Subramanyam ()", "Venu Madhav (Venu)", "Raghu Babu (Shankar's henchman)", "Lakshmipati ()", "Ahuti Prasad (Indu's father)", "Chalapathi Rao (Pawan's father)", "Amith Kumar Tiwari (Shafi)", "Ravi Babu (Pawan)", "Srinivasa Reddy (Pawan's friend)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}