{"tmdb_id": 81120, "title": "Love on the Dole", "original_title": "Love on the Dole", "slug_title": "love-on-the-dole", "date": "1941-06-28", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Depressing and realistic family drama about the struggles of unemployment and poverty in 1930s Lancashire. The 20-year-old Kerr gives an emotionally charged performance as Hardcastle, one of the cotton workers trying to make life better. Interlaced with humour that brings a ray of sunshine to the pervasive bleakness, this remains a powerful social study of life between the wars, and was a rare problem picture to come out of Britain at the time.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nwt5buh544Ko5Thmdq7R47A2hFq.jpg", "actors": ["Deborah Kerr (Sally)", "Clifford Evans (Larry)", "George Carney (Mr. Hardcastle)", "Mary Merrall (Mrs. Hardcastle)", "Geoffrey Hibbert (Harry)", "Joyce Howard (Helen)", "Frank Cellier (Sam Grundy)", "Martin Walker (Ned Narkey)", "Maire O'Neill (Mrs. Dorbell)", "Iris Vandeleur (Mrs. Nattle)", "Marie Ault (Mrs. Jike)", "Marjorie Rhodes (Mrs. Bull)", "Sebastian Cabot (Man in Crowd at Betting Payout)", "Terry Conlin (Ted Munter)", "A. Bromley Davenport (Pawnbroker)", "Peter Gawthorne (Police Supt)", "Muriel George (Landlady)", "Philip Godfrey (Charlie - Sam Grundy's Assistant)", "Kenneth Griffith (Harry's Pal in Billiard Hall)", "Charles Groves (Old Man)", "James Harcourt (Old Man Who Has His Dole Stopped)", "Mike Johnson (Man at Demonstration)", "Vi Kaley (4th Old Lady at Seance)", "Jordan Lawrence (Sam Hardie)", "Yvonne Mitchell (Factory Worker at Gate)", "Brefni O'Rorke (Dole Officer)", "Leonard Sharp (Man at Demonstration)", "John Slater (Agitator on Demonstration)", "H Victor Weske (Factory Worker)", "Ben Williams (Factory Worker)", "Charles Williams (Man in Billiard Hall with Full Packet of Cigarettes)", "Ian Wilson (Man at Demonstration)", "Dennis Wyndham (Jim - Larry's Assistant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [96828, 224766, 244221, 218105], "youtube_key": "notfound"}