{"tmdb_id": 81250, "title": "Le Geek Charmant", "original_title": "Geek Charming", "slug_title": "le-geek-charmant", "date": "2011-11-11", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Drame / Familial / T\u00e9l\u00e9film", "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Dylan Schoenfield, une adolescente de 16 ans, est l'\u00e9l\u00e8ve la plus populaire de l'Acad\u00e9mie de Luxe de Woodlands \u00e0 Los Angeles. Tout lui r\u00e9ussit : le petit ami le plus cool et les derniers v\u00eatements \u00e0 la mode. Quand, par accident, son sac \u00e0 main hors de prix tombe dans une fontaine, elle se retrouve face \u00e0 Josh Rosen, un \"geek\", dont la passion est de filmer. Le th\u00e8me de son nouveau documentaire ? La popularit\u00e9. Dylan devient alors \u00e0 contrecoeur son sujet et r\u00e9alise que les \"geeks\" peuvent \u00eatre cools, tandis que Josh se rend compte que les apparences sont parfois trompeuses. Mais en passant plus de temps avec les \"geeks\", Dylan met en danger son statut social. Arrivera-t-elle \u00e0 \u00eatre \u00e9lue Reine du Bal d'Automne ? Josh pourra-t-il gagner le prix du meilleur film ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kCIxuMXjJlZbDJHBkFJHU11SCmf.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Hyland (Dylan Schoenfield)", "Matt Prokop (Josh Rosen)", "Sasha Pieterse (Amy Loubalu)", "Lili Simmons (Lola)", "Vanessa Morgan (Hannah)", "Jordan A. Nichols (Asher)", "David Del Rio (Ari)", "Jimmy Bellinger (Steven)", "Lilli Birdsell (Sandy)", "Andrew Airlie (Alan Schoenfield)", "Kacey Rohl (Caitlin)", "Andrea Brooks (Nicole Paterson)", "David Milchard (Mr. Farley)", "Brenda Crichlow (Ms. Guthrie)", "Erica Van Briel (Amber)", "Nina Kiri (Shy Girl)", "Kathryn Kirkpatrick (Lunch Lady)", "Sean Mahaffey (Smart Phone Customer)", "Brent Chapman (Mall Cop)", "Keith Dallas (Parking Enforcement Officer)", "Aliza Vellani (Another Random Girl)", "Aaron Miko (Popular Guy)", "Taurean Mills (Volleyball Player)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Student film festival meets beauty pageant.**\r\n\r\nI'm one of those guys who does not believe chick films are for girls alone, actions are for men, as well as magic films for kids. I watch them all, well, at least I admit that. So, not in my childhood, but overall I've seen many DCOM and I've liked many of them. This film came half a decade ago, I was aware of it, but only now I had watched it and it got me by surprise.\r\n\r\nI thought it would me another mean girl tale, that's where I was wrong. Well, in the initial few minutes, that's how it looked, but everything has changed since the beginning of the second act. That was the biggest plus point of this film. Even though predictable scenes, still it felt good enough. The character transformation, the way it was done was very smart. At one stage you hate, then a soft corner develops.\r\n\r\nIt is a television film, but that's not how it looked. The quality of the story was like a theatrical film. If they had risked on that, they definitely would have succeeded. I would say a bad decision by the production house, but still the product delivered more than its expectation. The casting was good, All of them were new face to me, except Sasha Pieterse.\r\n\r\nExpecting a sequel for a good/successful film is so common with its fans. I thought about the same, but seems they are not interesting in one which was kind of confirmed in the end itself. Even though if they decide to make, it won't be as good as this one. Because the main story, all happened in here. Just like 'Taken' which is very powerful original film, not suitable for followups. This is a silly concept, but very nice film. I totally suggest it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [89185, 35558, 84105, 65218]}