{"tmdb_id": 81311, "title": "Blind Date", "original_title": "Randka w ciemno", "slug_title": "blind-date", "date": "2010-02-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qIjmStSCMVul4XpqRURaoxOfSnB.jpg", "actors": ["Katarzyna Maciag (Majka)", "Bogus\u0142aw Linda (Cezary)", "Anna Dereszowska (Kinga)", "Borys Szyc (Karol)", "Tomasz Kot (TV Star)", "Danuta Stenka (Gypsy woman)", "Zbigniew Zamachowski (TV Cameraman)", "Leslaw Zurek (Kuba)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bollywoodqueen", "content": "**Sweet movie about finding true love**\r\n\r\n_Originally posted on IMDb 24 August 2013_\r\n\r\nI am not a stranger to foreign cinema, having watched many Bollywood and Middle Eastern films before, but this was the first Polish film I've ever seen, and hopefully not the last! I really enjoyed it. Perhaps the plot was predictable, but the characters seemed real and I really liked Majka because she seemed to represent those women we all know who fall for the wrong guy every time. I disagree with the previous reviewer about not finding it very 'funny'. I actually found it very charming and amusing at times, as well as being witty and clever. It didn't feel like I was watching a film - it felt like I was watching everyone's lives playing out as if I knew them personally.\r\n\r\nI'm surprised it has been rated so low by people on here. No it's not the best romantic comedy film in the world, but it's genuine and there wasn't a dull moment. All the characters bounced off of each other really well and the acting was excellent. There were some really poignant scenes between Katarzyna Maciag (Majka) and Leslaw Zurek (Kuba) in particular. If you enjoy romantic comedies that are somewhat predictable but very 'real', you will definitely enjoy this film!"}], "recommandations_id": []}