{"tmdb_id": 81397, "title": "Lesbian Bridal Stories 5", "original_title": "Lesbian Bridal Stories 5", "slug_title": "lesbian-bridal-stories-5", "date": "2011-11-29", "genre": ["Romance"], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "The first of our Lesbian Bridal Stories opens with Bree Daniels and Shyla Jennings sharing some champagne from Bree\u2019s sister\u2019s wedding and regaling each other with wedding tales. Bree shows Shyla some dresses and tries one on for her, eventually getting Shyla to try on the wedding dress. Once they\u2019re all dressed up, they can\u2019t keep their hands off of each other.  Next, Jelena Jensen and Malena Morgan are discussing Malena\u2019s wedding the following day. Malena is having cold feet on account of her being a lesbian. Does she love her fianc\u00e9 or is she in love with him? Jalena says she\u2019s always there for her, in any way. Their mutual attraction takes over from there.  Scene 3 begins with a conversation about Jessie Rogers\u2019mother marrying another woman. Then Jessie and Lily Carter dress up in the gown and tux and role-play that they\u2019re they lucky couple. Jessie is a little nervous, but once they start kissing all the pieces start to fall into place.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mqT4s4tVMOHUQ4UNAkXjzdU2kgI.jpg", "actors": ["Shyla Jennings ()", "Bree Daniels ()", "Jelena Jensen ()", "Malena Morgan ()", "Lily Carter ()", "Jessie Rogers ()", "Syren De Mer ()", "Amber Chase ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}