{"tmdb_id": 81446, "title": "The Baytown Outlaws - Les Hors-la-Loi", "original_title": "The Baytown Outlaws", "slug_title": "the-baytown-outlaws-les-hors-la-loi", "date": "2012-08-27", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Trois fr\u00e8res plut\u00f4t ploucs du milieu des Etats-Unis d\u00e9cident d\u2019aider une femme \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer son fils de son p\u00e8re soi-disant abusif.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aoWuckAdvI1GOpMBZYezLYBjjmN.jpg", "actors": ["Clayne Crawford (Brick Oodie)", "Paul Wesley (Reese)", "Billy Bob Thornton (Carlos)", "Eva Longoria (Celeste)", "Travis Fimmel (McQueen Oodie)", "Daniel Cudmore (Lincoln Oodie)", "Thomas Brodie-Sangster (Rob)", "Michael Rapaport (Lucky)", "Brea Grant (Pammy)", "Natalie Martinez (Ariana)", "Arden Cho (Angel)", "Agnes Bruckner (Mona)", "Adrian Spurlock (EMT)", "Andre Braugher (Millard)", "Zo\u00eb Bell (Rose)", "Julio Oscar Mechoso (Padre)", "Damien Moses (Montane)", "Nito Larioza (Tucker)", "Bill Perkins (Mewes)", "Quinn Early (Smoke)", "Keith Woulard (Diggs)", "Tim J. Smith (Rondo)", "Serinda Swan (Jez)", "Ritchie Montgomery (Officer Brown)", "Griffin Hood (Dirt Beggley)", "Josu\u00e9 Gutierrez (Hispanic Father)", "Sam Medina (Chogan)", "J. Larose (Helaku)", "Tom O'Connell (Denny / Cyborg in Movie)", "Thomas Francis Murphy (Old Gas Station Clerk)", "Luis Da Silva Jr. (Large Vatos)", "Kennon Kepper (Lead Bully)", "J.D. Evermore (Officer Boyd)", "Javier Carrasquillo (Sal)", "John McConnell (Representative Hawkins)", "Lenore Banks (Sheriff Receptionist)", "Victoria Gabrielle Platt (Madam)", "Joe Chrest (ATF Agent)", "Shawn Carter Peterson (Jet Salesman)", "James DuMont (Special Agent Simmons)", "Antonio Esfandiari (Mailman)", "Corbin McCarthy (Emo Kid)", "Lex D. Geddings (Upstairs Thug)", "Tom Proctor (Downstairs Thug)", "Mike Wilson (Bacon Street Thug)", "Eric Stratemeier (Bacon Street Thug)", "Jeff Galpin (Bacon Street Thug)", "Don Cano (Bacon Street Thug)", "Ian Quinn (Bloodied Man)", "Stephanie Perkins (TV Newscaster)", "Paul Galliano (Cop in Movie)", "Ben Matheny (Gung-Ho Cop)", "Geraldine Glenn (Maid / carlita (uncredited))", "Treasure White (Pool party girl (uncredited))", "Jay Oliver (Cop (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> One mission, three guys and several obstacles.\r\n\r\nIt appears I'm watching quite a lot those scripts that featured on the blacklist films. I understand why the filmmakers hesitated to take up this project. Not that it is a bad one, but the script is not a fresh. It was a decent road-action movie, awesome characters, stunts, but a bit similar to 'The Boondock Saints'. Also a part of 'Dexter' was in it.\r\n\r\nIt was so fun to watch, about the three men who take up a job to rescue an innocent boy from the drug lord. The trio think the job is done, but the assassins pursued them for the payback. The rest of the film takes place on the road with some great battles and exchange bullets between the gangs.\r\n\r\nIt could be a good flick for a non-action film fans, but if you are an action movie fan then it is a same crap that you might have seen hundreds of times in other flicks. The villains were so weak, but the stunts were not. Especially women assassins were hyped too much and lets us down at the same pace.\r\n\r\nBilly Bob Thornton was in a powerful negative role and he did not appear in any action sequences which is a big disappointment. He just looked like a barking dog, that's all. The reason was, to avoid overlapping with other similar movies. In that case, this film was completely borrowed from different flick and assembled here with a set of new cast and locations. But I enjoyed it, and also not fully satisfied. Very interesting ending, lets wait and see if there is a sequel for it.\r\n\r\n6\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [85414, 162145, 122924, 4997]}