{"tmdb_id": 81450, "title": "Un amour \u00e0 construire", "original_title": "Love Begins", "slug_title": "un-amour-a-construire", "date": "2011-09-17", "genre": "Drame / Romance / Familial", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Depuis le d\u00e9c\u00e8s des Barlow, le sh\u00e9rif Holden veille sur Ellen et Cassie, tenues de s'occuper de la ferme familiale. Le jour o\u00f9 des chercheurs d'or investissent le village, les deux soeurs rencontrent Clark et Daniel, deux cow-boys qui viendront effectuer des travaux \u00e0 la ferme. Mais \u00e0 peine Ellen commence-t-elle \u00e0 appr\u00e9cier Clark que celui-ci doit partir, tandis que son ex-fianc\u00e9 est de retour apr\u00e8s deux ans d'absence.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tvPyH3hmBUaQaU0qZ4QaR8IPo41.jpg", "actors": ["Wes Brown (Clark Davis)", "Julie Mond (Ellen Louise Barlow)", "Abigail Mavity (Cassandra Mae 'Cassie' Barlow)", "Jere Burns (Sheriff Holden)", "Nancy McKeon (Millie)", "David Tom (Daniel Whittaker)", "Steffani Brass (Rose)", "Daniel Buran (Samuel)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> 9. The story of Ellen & Cassie: An unexpected meeting with Clark Davis.\r\n\r\nThe ninth episode in the Hallmark's 'Love Comes Softly' movie series, but not based on any of Jannete Oke's books. Like I mentioned in the previous installment's review the book ends there, but the story continued with this film. Because I think the movie makers wanted it keeping going after getting a good response from the television audience. So instead to proceed forward, they have decided for a couple of prequels. Yep, this is the first of the two prequels. Disappointment for 'Love Comes Softly' book series fans, but treat for the movie fans.\r\n\r\nWhen I came to know about the prequels, I was excited only for one reason, i.e., to see Marty again. Precisely to say I was hoping for the return of Katherine Heigl. At that angle it is very disappointing, because this prior event based on the Clark Davis. Yes the one who offered his hand for Marty in the very first movie when she was lost in the unknown territory. But if you remember the original story (first film) was begun by introducing Marty and I was desperate for this story to be narrated from her side, but sadly it didn't.\r\n\r\nSo this movie narrates by unfolding us who is Clark, where did he come from and how he's going earn his place in a small town. A movie that captured only the soft side of the story, like 'all's well that ends well'  kind of mindset which is one hundred and one per cent a family movie (When I said family, that mean gown ups only; excluding teens and below). Except the opening where it had some fights like a real western movie which quickly ceased.\r\n\r\nMy thinking was, if it is watched by the today's teenagers, they would attack it from all the angles, because they're living in the era ruled by CGI and superheroes. To them it is an outdated theme, so that might be one of the reasons this series to be turned into a television product where the target goes straight to the women and families.\r\n\r\n> \"We gotta hang on to the good ones...\r\n> Let the bad ones go. Never let 'em haunt us.\"\r\n\r\nWe got plenty of things to point it out why this film is so dull, but for the television standards it is easily passable. I had no issue with the movie, it was a good one filled with moral message and I enjoyed it. Everything was well arranged, a feel good movie, which looked a very much like another book adaptation. So it's not a bad idea it to turn into a book, but Jannete Oke have to agree to that. I'm saying that because of the book people who have read all the eight Love saga can get a chance to read if they're not interested in the film version.\r\n\r\nThe story was very easy to follow. In fact, if you have not seen any movie in this series, you could start with this and the next one followed by the original order. But I won't suggest that, whatever the order the storytelling is, we must go through with the 'released' order. Because sometimes the hard work they have made to attach by filling the gaps between the prequels and the original films differs when we watch it in the chronological order.\r\n\r\nThe cast selection was great, they gave their best shot. This kind of movie is very rare to come by. Maybe that is the reason I liked this series, so can't wait for the next two films. I'm not going to give full marks for it, I know the movie is not overwhelmingly awesome. Interestingly, striking with the genre that is usually associated with action, adventure, crime and thriller is what attracted me towards it. So another wonderful movie was included in the series, I think we should credit the writers and director for that. Two more films to go, see you at the next review guys.\r\n\r\n7\u00bd/10"}], "recommandations_id": [30975, 25182, 49857, 20583]}