{"tmdb_id": 81740, "title": "The Voice of Merrill", "original_title": "The Voice of Merrill", "slug_title": "the-voice-of-merrill", "date": "1952-12-01", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "A convicted female blackmailer is found murdered in her flat and suspicion falls on three men, all of whom the police believe may have had reason to wish her dead", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zgA1E5I0JuAfcQAr69eZ8k2EsbJ.jpg", "actors": ["Valerie Hobson (Alycia Roche)", "James Robertson Justice (Jonathan Roche)", "Edward Underdown (Hugh Allen)", "Henry Kendall (Ronald Parker)", "Garry Marsh (Inspector Thornton)", "Sam Kydd (Sgt. Baker)", "Ian Fleming (Dr. Forrest)", "Daniel Wherry (Pierce)", "Daphne Newton (Miss Quinn)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Hah Hah! Murder Will Out.\r\n\r\nThe Voice of Merrill (AKA: Murder Will Out) is directed by John Gilling who also adapts the screenplay from a story written by Terence Austin and Gerald Landeau. It stars Valerie Hobson, James Robertson Justice, Edward Underdown, Gary Marsh and Henry Kendall. Music is by Frank Cordell and cinematography by Monty Berman.\r\n\r\nA British Who Done It? Thriller Out of Tempean Films, The Voice of Merrill begins with the murder of a pretty lady, the perpetrator unseen of course, and thus begins a tale of blackmail, illicit affairs, dastardly plotting, sleuthing and the vagaries of fate. It\u2019s a complex screenplay in many ways, perhaps unnecessary so, and Gilling strains to make all the threads amount to anything akin to suspense. However, once the momentum builds, and the net closes in on the suspects, the makers unleash some genuine surprises that in turn lead to a dramatic climax of some memorable impact. The acting is only ok, though it\u2019s always fun to see Robertson Justice doing one of his big bluff cantankerous acts. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}