{"tmdb_id": 81741, "title": "Wanted for Murder", "original_title": "Wanted for Murder", "slug_title": "wanted-for-murder", "date": "1946-06-17", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kCUPk8MTJR1loMmCGTDU7ObygtC.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Portman (Victor James Colebrooke)", "Dulcie Gray (Anne Fielding)", "Derek Farr (Jack Williams)", "Roland Culver (Chief Inspector Conway)", "Stanley Holloway (Sergeant Sullivan)", "Barbara Everest (Mrs Colebrooke)", "Bonar Colleano (Corporal Nick Mappolo)", "Jenny Laird (Jeannie McLaren)", "Kathleen Harrison (Florrie)", "Bill Shine (Detective Ellis)", "Viola Lyel (Mabel Cooper)", "John Salew (Detective Walters)", "John Ruddock (Glover)", "Edna Wood (Miss Kemp)", "George Carney (Boat Rental Agent)", "Mary Mackenzie (Girl at Fair)", "Wilfrid Hyde-White (Guide in Madame Tussaud's)", "Moira Lister (Miss Willis)", "Gerhard Kempinski (Head Waiter)", "Caven Watson (Underground Attendant)", "Wally Patch (Merry-Go-Round Barker)", "Frank Atkinson (Chip Shop Customer)", "Marie Ault (Flower Seller)", "Beatrice Campbell (Muriel)", "Howard Douglas (Head Park Keeper)", "Alexander Field (First Newspaper Seller)", "Soja Ooternan (Singer)", "Tony Quinn (Mugsy Knight)", "Johnnie Schofield (Chip Shop Owner)", "Harry Terry (Park Keeper)", "Klaas van Beek (Singer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Just Call Whitehall 1212 \r\n\r\nWanted for Murder is directed by Lawrence Huntington and adapted to screenplay by Emeric Pressburger, Rodney Ackland, Barbara Everest and Maurice Cowan from the play by Terence De Marney and Percy Robinson. It stars Eric Portman, Dulcie Gray, Derek Farr, Roland Culver and Stanley Holloway. Music is by Mischa Spoliansky and cinematography by Mutz Greenbaum. \r\n\r\nNifty little thriller noir this, basically it finds Portman as the sinister Victor James Colebrook, a man with murderous instincts born out by bad seed lineage in his family tree. Can intrepid Chief Inspector Conway (Culver) nail his man before he kills yet again? Imperative since Victor has latched onto Anne Fielding (Gray), and although he is in love with her, he doesn\u2019t know how long he can contain his blood lust. \r\n\r\nThought to be influenced by a real life serial killer, Huntington\u2019s movie is very Hitchcockian in tone. Story unfolds by night in a London of dimly lighted foggy streets and dense shadowed parks, and by day it\u2019s the hustle and bustle of the city that provides a backdrop of false normalcy. As the tormented Victor goes about his way, leading his double life as a cunning member of society who dotes on his mother \u2013 and that of a strangler of women \u2013 the makers ensure the surroundings suit the persona. \r\n\r\nA chapter of the story set at a carnival pulses with unease, a visit to a wax museum really gets to the heart of the evil, a murder sequence that is off camera strikes all the right terrifying notes, and a quite brilliant passage that sees witnesses come face to face with the killer in Conway's office is superbly performed by all involved. Then there is the finale that plays out at night (naturally) at the Serpentine Lake in Hyde Park. Wonderful! \r\n\r\nPortman (A Canterbury Tale/Dear Murderer) was a British treasure, an actor whose career begs for reappraisal by classic film fans. Here he is right on the money as the complex sociopath who detests what he has become and even dangles clues for the police to follow. Yet he also slips easily into society with a measured calmness that is rather chilling. Portman quite simply is excellent. As are Culver and Holloway as the sort of coppers Britain could do with having more of these days! \r\n\r\nWith Pressburger as part of the writing team it\u2019s no surprise to find the script tight and the dialogue snappy, Huntington (The Upturned Glass) and Greenbaum (Night and the City)  never miss the chance to accentuate the psychological tremors by way of smart visuals, and Spoliansky's music is devilishly spectral like. It probably could have been shorn of ten minutes and the Dulcie Gray/Derek Farr romance gets a little twee at times, but this is well worth checking out and deserves to be better known. 8/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [33224, 47623, 27112, 92486]}