{"tmdb_id": 819, "title": "Sleepers", "original_title": "Sleepers", "slug_title": "sleepers", "date": "1996-10-18", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Au milieu des ann\u00e9es soixante, quatre gamins du quartier populaire de Hell's Kitchen de New York sont incarc\u00e9r\u00e9s dans une maison de redressement \u00e0 la suite d'une plaisanterie qui tourne au drame. Onze ans plus tard deux d'entre eux, marqu\u00e9s \u00e0 vie, retrouvent le gardien sadique et tortionnaire qui les a martyris\u00e9s lors de leur d\u00e9tention et l'abattent froidement. Les deux autres, devenus respectivement journaliste et substitut du procureur, fid\u00e8les \u00e0 la loi de Hell's Kitchen, vont tout tenter, avec le soutien du cur\u00e9 du quartier et du parrain de la mafia, pour les sortir de l\u00e0.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cDqEv4Fw4JZh2zCfecqw3z09L8z.jpg", "actors": ["Robert De Niro (Father Bobby)", "Brad Pitt (Michael Sullivan)", "Kevin Bacon (Sean Nokes)", "Jason Patric (Lorenzo 'Shakes' Carcaterra)", "Ron Eldard (John Reilly)", "Billy Crudup (Tommy Marcano)", "Dustin Hoffman (Danny Snyder)", "Minnie Driver (Carol Martinez)", "Vittorio Gassman (King Benny)", "Joe Perrino (Young Lorenzo 'Shakes' Carcaterra)", "Brad Renfro (Young Michael Sullivan)", "Geoffrey Wigdor (Young John Reilly)", "Jonathan Tucker (Young Tommy Marcano)", "Terry Kinney (Ralph Ferguson)", "Bruno Kirby (Shakes' Father)", "Eugene Byrd (Rizzo)", "Frank Medrano (Fat Mancho)", "Ruth Maleczech (Woman at Subway Station)", "Tom Signorelli (Confessional Man)", "Jeffrey Donovan (Addison)", "Lennie Loftin (Styler)", "Wendell Pierce (Little Caesar)", "James Pickens Jr. (Marlboro)", "Danny Mastrogiorgio (Nick Davenport)", "Peter Rini (Frank Magciccio)", "John Slattery (Carlson)", "Dash Mihok (K.C.)", "Sean Patrick Reilly (Young King Benny)", "Saverio Guerra (Man #1)", "Larry Romano (Man #2)", "Aida Turturro (Mrs. Salinas)", "Chuck Low (Judge)", "Michael P. Moran (Judge)", "Peter Appel (Boyfriend)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Justifiable execution and justifiable lying***\r\n\r\n\u201cSleepers\u201d (1991) starts out as a coming-of-age film about four boys in 1966-1967 from Hell\u2019s Kitchen, Manhattan, and then morphs into a juvenile prison picture, which covers the first hour. The rest of the movie is a crime tragedy turned courtroom drama, taking place 13 years later in the early 80s. Jason Patric plays the adult version of Shakes, the main protagonist and narrator, while Brad Pitt plays his attorney friend, Michael. When their other two buds, John and Tommy, are taken into custody for murder they hatch a plan to get them off for understandable reasons. Robert De Niro plays their Catholic pastor and father-figure while Dustin Hoffman appears as the dubious defense attorney. Kevin Bacon is on hand as a perverse guard at the boys\u2019 reformatory.\r\n\r\nIn an eye-rolling knee-jerk response, liberal critics have dissed the film as \u201chomophobic\u201d when this isn\u2019t the case at all. For verification, if the victims at the reformatory were girls the baseless criticism wouldn\u2019t even be mentioned. It is not about gender; it is about children and the monstrous abuse of authority for selfish purposes. The film NEVER criticizes what two adults CHOOSE to do behind closed doors.\r\n\r\nIn tone and theme, \u201cSleepers\u201d is similar to the heralded \u201cMystic River\u201d (2003), but more episodic in nature and therefore not as dramatically compelling. Yet it\u2019s a poignant crime drama. Some have panned the movie on the grounds that it justifies revenge murder, but it more clearly supports the idea of just execution when legal authorities have failed and allowed gross corruption to continue.\r\n\r\nAnother moral issue revolves around lying. Is it ever right to lie for the sake of justice? In other words, is lying ever justifiable? Of course it is; at least on rare occasions. For instance, in the bible the midwives lied to Pharaoh in order to save Hebrew infants and are commended for fearing God (Exodus 1:15-21), their actions are even hailed in Hebrews 11, the Hall of Faith chapter. During WW2, if Nazi authorities came to your door looking for hidden Jews, would you say \u201cYes, I cannot lie; they are hiding in the attic\u201d? Of course you wouldn\u2019t.      \r\n\r\nThe script by director Barry Levinson was based on a book by Lorenzo Carcaterra, which is supposedly a true story. Although New York authorities have denied its authenticity, they have good reason to do so. Whether or not every jot & tittle is accurate is irrelevant; stories LIKE IT have happened.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 2 hours, 27 minutes and was shot in New York City & surrounding areas (Brooklyn, Manhattan, Yonkers, Hoboken) and Fairfield Hills Hospital, Newtown, Connecticut (Wilkinson School for Boys). ADDITIONAL CAST: Minnie Driver plays the guys\u2019 friend from their youth while Vittorio Gassman is on hand as a nonchalant mob leader in Hell\u2019s Kitchen. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [8195, 2142, 11371, 9366], "youtube_key": "rNaMAgf4ErE"}