{"tmdb_id": 8224, "title": "8mm", "original_title": "8MM", "slug_title": "8mm", "date": "1999-02-26", "genre": "Thriller / Crime / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "\"Priv\u00e9\" \u00e0 Harrisburg, Pennsylvanie, Tom Welles m\u00e8ne une vie banale avec sa femme Amy et leur petite fille. Entre deux filatures pour adult\u00e8re, il r\u00eave de l'affaire exceptionnelle qui fera de lui un grand parmi les grands. Lorsqu'une richissime veuve lui demande d'enqu\u00eater sur le film 8 mm qu'elle a d\u00e9couvert dans le coffre de son d\u00e9funt mari, Tom bascule dans un univers dont il ne soup\u00e7onnait pas l'existence. Les s\u00e9vices et le meurtre de la jeune inconnue film\u00e9s sur la bobine sont-ils seulement une perverse mise en sc\u00e8ne ou bien une terrifiante r\u00e9alit\u00e9 ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tIoC6xeHCdvpqu1B5QC3qbioK4u.jpg", "actors": ["Nicolas Cage (Tom Welles)", "Joaquin Phoenix (Max California)", "James Gandolfini (Eddie Poole)", "Chris Bauer (George Higgins)", "Anthony Heald (Daniel Longdale)", "Peter Stormare (Dino Velvet)", "Catherine Keener (Amy Welles)", "Norman Reedus (Warren Anderson)", "Amy Morton (Janet Mathews)", "Jenny Powell (Mary Ann Mathews)", "Claudia Aros (Miami Girlfriend)", "Mario Ernesto S\u00e1nchez (Taxi Driver)", "Suzy Nakamura (Computer Wizard)", "William Lawrence Mack (Larry)", "Myra Carter (Mrs. Christian)", "Torsten Voges (Stick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Into the perverse underworld of smut, S&M and snuff films\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1999 and directed by Joel Schumacher, \"8MM\" chronicles events when a private investigator (Nicolas Cage) is hired by an aged wealthy woman whose husband recently passed away. A snuff film was found in his safe and she wants to see if the girl in the movie (Jenny Powell) really died or not. Amy Morton appears as the girl\u2019s mother while Joaquin Phoenix plays a wannabe rock musician in Los Angeles who works in the porn trade. Catherine Keener is on hand as the P.I.\u2019s wife. \r\n \r\nThe movie combines the basic plot of \u201cHardcore\u201d (1979) with the style of late 90\u2019s crime thrillers, like \u201cKiss the Girls\u201d (1997). The first half involves the P.I.\u2019s tracking down the makers of the snuff film. While it\u2019s tedious work (which I wouldn\u2019t want to do) this part of the movie is gritty and compelling. The second half of the movie goes into material that\u2019s difficult to pull off with a straight face, like the smut-obsessed underbelly of Los Angeles & New York. The main villains come off cartoonish somehow rather than gritty realistic, but it\u2019s a fine line.  \r\n\r\nStill, I like the message of the movie. My wife & I knew a wealthy man who passed away a few years ago. He often didn\u2019t pay the people he did business with, not to mention his employees who were living paycheck to paycheck. Someone asked him how he could own two Cadillacs and regularly go on globetrotting vacations while treating people like this and he arrogantly responded: \u201cBecause I caaAAAN.\u201d The low-lifes in \u201c8MM\u201d have a similar attitude.      \r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hours 3 minutes and was shot in Miami, Pennsylvania (Wormleysburg/Harrisburg), New York (Hastings-on-Hudson, Elmsford, Yonkers, Queens & Long Island) and S. Cal. (Los Angeles & Long Beach). WRITER: Andrew Kevin Walker. ADDITIONAL CAST: Anthony Heald plays the rich woman\u2019s lawyer while James Gandolfini, Peter Stormare and Chris Bauer appear as smut pervs.   \r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "8MM probably only got greenlit due to the success of Se7en. Like Se7en, 8MM explores the existence of people who are simply pure evil while the main character wants to know why they are like this. 8MM doesn't provide many answers but it also isn't thematically complex. It follows a standard whodunit plot. While Nicolas Cage gives a solid performance, there are times where he takes us out of the story with his signature freak outs. Joel Schumacher manages to create a gritty tone but he has a rather bland style.\r\n\r\nRegardless of its flaws, 8MM is still a decent movie. It prefers plot over exploitation and story over violence. For those reasons, I recommend it."}], "recommandations_id": [8688, 9208, 3595, 4824]}