{"tmdb_id": 82430, "title": "Le tr\u00e9sor de la montagne sacr\u00e9e", "original_title": "Arabian Adventure", "slug_title": "le-tresor-de-la-montagne-sacree", "date": "1979-07-08", "genre": ["Fantastique / Science-Fiction / Familial"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Un magicien adepte de la magie noire, Alquazar, obtient des forces du mal, en \u00e9change de son mal, le secret pour devenir le ma\u00eetre du monde. Mais les deux h\u00e9ros, le jeune Majeed et le prince Hasan, vont tout faire pour l'en emp\u00eacher.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w1BbWYBuOziFQM3Hik5PqkdWPCT.jpg", "actors": ["Christopher Lee (Caliph Alquazar)", "Peter Cushing (Wazir Al Wuzara)", "Mickey Rooney (Daad El Shur)", "Oliver Tobias (Prince Hasan)", "John Ratzenberger (Achmed)", "Milo O'Shea (Khasim)", "Emma Samms (Princess Zuleira)", "Puneet Sira (Majeed)", "Capucine (Vahishta)", "John Wyman (Bahloul)", "Roy Stewart (Nubian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Rose Of Arabia.\r\n\r\nArabian Adventure is directed by Kevin Connor and written by Brian Hayles. It stars Christopher Lee, Milo O'Shea, Oliver Tobias, Emma Samms and Puneet Sira. Music is by Ken Thorne and cinematography by Alan Hume.\r\n\r\nA prince is sent by an evil sorcerer (Lee) on a quest for a magical rose. Should he succeed, he hopes that as a reward he will win the hand of the princess.\r\n\r\nSometimes to moderately enjoy a film of this type, you just got to take yourself back to a time when simple children's adventure movies were made with simple film making techniques. This obviously doesn't hold up well these days, where even given the year it was made it was way behind advancements that were being made in special effects. Thus it's highly unlikely that the prepubescents of today would have the patience or care for such a production. Yet it doesn't lack for charm.\r\n\r\nIs charm enough? Well it's not a great or very good film, it's heavy on chatter, the effects are indeed a little crude, acting and accents are borderline dire, and it seems to take an age to get going, yet it's not insulting like many far bigger budget pictures have been: even nowadays! It's best just to roll with it, enjoy the whimsy and the many small roles by the likes of Peter Cushing, Mickey Rooney, Capucine and, erm, John Ratzenberger. \r\n\r\nForgettable once it's over, but harmless with it. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [334388, 182484, 49928, 42287], "youtube_key": "f8PhM66FmxA"}