{"tmdb_id": 82507, "title": "Sinister", "original_title": "Sinister", "slug_title": "sinister", "date": "2012-03-29", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Cherchant \u00e0 renouer avec le succ\u00e8s, Ellison, auteur de livres policiers inspir\u00e9s de faits r\u00e9els, emm\u00e9nage avec sa famille dans une maison dont les anciens occupants ont \u00e9t\u00e9 retrouv\u00e9s pendus. La d\u00e9couverte de vieilles bobines 8mm le met sur la piste d\u2019un myst\u00e8re surnaturel. Pendant ce temps, tous les soirs \u00e0 la nuit tomb\u00e9e, des bruits \u00e9tranges se font entendre dans la maison\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cAzWtKdNdZYv0x58XvAFuj82TPl.jpg", "actors": ["Ethan Hawke (Ellison Oswalt)", "Juliet Rylance (Tracy Oswalt)", "Vincent D'Onofrio (Professor Jonas)", "James Ransone (Deputy)", "Fred Dalton Thompson (Sheriff)", "Clare Foley (Ashley Oswalt)", "Michael Hall D'Addario (Trevor Oswalt)", "Victoria Leigh (Stephanie Stevenson)", "Blake Mizrahi (Christopher Miller)", "Cameron Ocasio (BBQ Son / Killer)", "Danielle Kotch (Lawn Girl)", "Ethan Haberfield (Pool Party Boy)", "Nicholas King (Bughuul / Mr. Boogie)", "Tavis Smiley (Anchor)", "Rachel Konstantin (Mrs. Stevenson (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "SheBlogger", "content": "Sinister (A Horror Movie): From a Commoner\u2019s View\r\n\r\nNO SPOILERS \u2013 SheBlogger hates spoilers :)\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nOkay\u2026so here\u2019s another horror movie review from the girl who is yet to be scared with scenes shot in the dark, gory murders and startling sound effects.\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\nHeBlogger and I went to the mall last Sunday to watch a different movie.  We thought Tiktik, which is a Filipino horror movie, was already showing.  Apparently, it is not scheduled until next week.  Then we saw Sinister\u2019s poster, which said, \u201cfrom the producer of Paranormal and Insidious\u201d.  We have seen both movies and we both didn\u2019t like Paranormal but both enjoyed Insidious. So we said, okay\u2026let\u2019s watch this instead.\r\n\r\nDidn\u2019t know anything about this movie Sinister so as we walked inside the empty movie house, I wondered which one is it going to be like. Is it going to be a homemade movie about paranormal activities with three different endings? Oh please\u2026I fervently hope not! I crossed my fingers because I noticed there were rolls of super 8 films on the poster. Or is it going to be about demons capturing souls and possessing the physical body with a non-happy ending? Or is it going to be a totally different story?  I hoped it would be.\r\n\r\nWe were the first two of the five people who came to watch this movie.  The others were a group of three teenage girls, who surprisingly didn\u2019t scream or shout at all, throughout the screening.  What a joy to be watching in silence and absolute peace!\r\n\r\nOkay, on to the movie review\u2026\r\n\r\nThe movie opens with a scene shot like a home video, so I go like, uh-oh\u2026 But don\u2019t be disheartened. It\u2019s nothing like Paranormal and deeper into the story, you\u2019d see that it is more like Insidious. That much I would tell you.\r\n\r\nThe story is about a real crime stories writer, played by Ethan Hawke (the only actor I know in the movie), who moved his entire family to a house where a family was hung to death in the backyard tree and their little girl still missing.  In the course of his research and with the help of rolls of seemingly innocent and happy family home videos that mysteriously appeared in the attic, he discovers more brutal murders of different families in different houses. So there\u2019s the question\u2026 Are these murders in any way related, considering there\u2019s always a little child missing?\r\n\r\nI must say that I find the premise of the story original. Well, at least for me. So I give it 4.5 gems for Story and Originality...\r\n\r\nContinue reading on: http://heblogs-sheblogs.com/2012/10/sinister-movie-review/"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Bughuul the Bastard!\r\n\r\nAfter moving himself and his family into a new house that was the scene of a horrendous crime, true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) finds a box of 8mm \"snuff\" films that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose career dates some way back still further...\r\n\r\nIt is becoming the un-reviewable genre, horror that is, there are just too many splinters of horror to choose from and so many people to cater for. There are many who stand up and proudly proclaim that they will watch any horror film and view it on its own terms, yet in this new millennium age that doesn't appear to be the case. I know I'm at fault, I hate torture porn and excessive grue type films, they just bore me, so can I review Hostel 9, Saw 27 and Wrong Turn 12 fairly? No, I don't think I can. I mean the human body can only be sliced up in so many different ways, right? Right? Vice Versa, can someone who loves Argento, Roth and the like, review fairly a boo-jump ghost story that caters for those who want to wet themselves when something jumps out of a cupboard? I really don't think so, but I digress...\r\n\r\nSinister is a wonderfully creepy movie that deals firmly in the realm of demons who come into the real world to cause unmitigating terror and heartbreak. It has no \"axe\" to grind with the blood thirsty who want to see arteries sliced and diced, it just wants to put a protagonist front and centre as he gets in way above his head, have his family come under serious threat; especially the child (oh my, the children...), and throw in the odd \"boo-jump\" moment to keep the pant wetters happy. The video footage used to show us the previous crimes unnerves greatly and there's a strong mystery element to keep the intrigue level high, whilst the ending doesn't cop out in the slightest. Hawke is excellent, perfectly portraying a man horrified yet submerged by the need to unravel the story, but his turn is sadly balanced by Juliet Rylance as the wife who seems unable to generate believable emotion.\r\n\r\nThis film really isn't for any horror fan who isn't into the \"demon in the real world\" type horror; like Insidious for example. While those who like this splinter of horror and still decry it brings nothing new to the table, I'll ask again, well what would you like to see brought to the table then? I love this sub-genre of horror, and I feel Sinister is one of the best films of its type in recent years. Its reputation amongst like minded adults is well founded...just don't watch the trailer first, mind! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [49018, 283445, 91586, 132232]}