{"tmdb_id": 82633, "title": "Des hommes sans loi", "original_title": "Lawless", "slug_title": "des-hommes-sans-loi", "date": "2012-08-29", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "1931, Au c\u0153ur de l\u2019Am\u00e9rique en pleine Prohibition, dans le comt\u00e9 de Franklin en Virginie, \u00e9tat c\u00e9l\u00e8bre pour sa production d\u2019alcool de contrebande, les trois fr\u00e8res Bondurant sont des trafiquants notoires : Jack, le plus jeune, ambitieux et impulsif, veut transformer la petite affaire familiale en trafic d\u2019envergure. Il r\u00eave de beaux costumes, d\u2019armes, et esp\u00e8re impressionner la sublime Bertha\u2026 Howard, le cadet, est le bagarreur de la famille. Loyal, son bon sens se dissout r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement dans l\u2019alcool qu\u2019il ne sait pas refuser\u2026 Forrest, l\u2019a\u00een\u00e9, fait figure de chef et reste d\u00e9termin\u00e9 \u00e0 prot\u00e9ger sa famille des nouvelles r\u00e8gles qu\u2019impose un nouveau monde \u00e9conomique. Lorsque Maggie d\u00e9barque fuyant Chicago, il la prend aussi sous sa protection. Seuls contre une police corrompue, une justice arbitraire et des gangsters rivaux, les trois fr\u00e8res \u00e9crivent leur l\u00e9gende : une lutte pour rester sur leur propre chemin, au cours de la premi\u00e8re grande ru\u00e9e vers l\u2019or du crime.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mgJYnnAgMdDKkPiFBp3wYZrQEYB.jpg", "actors": ["Shia LaBeouf (Jack Bondurant)", "Tom Hardy (Forrest Bondurant)", "Guy Pearce (Charlie Rakes)", "Jessica Chastain (Maggie Beauford)", "Mia Wasikowska (Bertha Minnix)", "Dane DeHaan (Cricket Pate)", "Noah Taylor (Gummy Walsh)", "Jason Clarke (Howard Bondurant)", "Lew Temple (Deputy Henry Abshire)", "Gary Oldman (Floyd Banner)", "Marcus Hester (Deputy Jeff Richards)", "Bill Camp (Sheriff Hodges)", "Alex Van (Tizwell Minnix)", "Tim Tolin (Mason Wardell)", "Chris McGarry (Danny)", "Mark Ashworth (Hophead #1)", "Tom Proctor (Hophead #2)", "Bruce McKinnon (Jimmy Turner)", "Eric Mendenhall (Spoons Rivard)", "Toni Byrd (Ida Belle)", "Duncan Nicholson (Junior)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Well, as the blurb says, Lawless is the true (hmmm ?) story about the Bondurant brothers. This is one of the movies that my dear wife picked up. I had no clue concerning this movie until we watched it. It turned out be an enjoyable movie evening. This is a well done movie indeed although I felt like it could have been an even better movie at the end.\r\n\r\nActing, scenery, general story is all quite good. Well the story is okay. It is not exactly ground breaking but rather a standard bootlegging kind of story. The new deputy is a real asshole to the extent of being somewhat unbelievable. Guy Pearce plays the role well though. That goes for the rest of the main cast as well. It is a well-acted movie.\r\n\r\nIt kind of drags on a bit though. The real action where they finally take on the asshole deputy is not until the very end of the movie. Okay, that is perhaps understandable but until then the movie is quite slow. I would not have minded to see both the older Bondurant brothers being a bit more into the action but instead we mostly follow Jack (Shia LaBeouf) on his various more or less silly escapades and romantic adventures which, not very surprisingly, ends up with him leading previously mentioned asshole deputy right to their illegal booze factory\u2026sigh! I am not 100% convinced that you can survive having your throat cut by the way. I think that was rather silly.\r\n\r\nIt is a good movie and of a lot higher quality than most although perhaps not exactly my style of movie and I have to say that I thought the ending, with Forrest blundering into the frozen lake, was rather meh. Still, it is worth 6 out o10 stars but not more as far as I am concerned."}], "recommandations_id": [64689, 59440, 5176, 82682]}