{"tmdb_id": 82654, "title": "Warm Bodies", "original_title": "Warm Bodies", "slug_title": "warm-bodies", "date": "2013-01-31", "genre": "Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Romance", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Un myst\u00e9rieux virus a d\u00e9truit toute civilisation. Les rescap\u00e9s vivent dans des bunkers fortifi\u00e9s, redoutant leurs anciens semblables devenus des monstres d\u00e9voreurs de chair. R, un mort-vivant romantique, sauve contre toute attente Julie, une adorable survivante, et la prot\u00e8ge de la voracit\u00e9 de ses compagnons. Au fil des jours, la jeune femme r\u00e9veille chez lui des sentiments oubli\u00e9s depuis longtemps\u2026 Elle-m\u00eame d\u00e9couvre chez ce zombie diff\u00e9rent autre chose qu\u2019un regard vide et des gestes de momie\u2026 Perturb\u00e9e par ses sentiments, Julie retourne dans sa cit\u00e9 fortifi\u00e9e o\u00f9 son p\u00e8re a lev\u00e9 une arm\u00e9e. R, de plus en plus humain, est d\u00e9sormais convaincu que sa relation avec Julie pourrait sauver l\u2019esp\u00e8ce enti\u00e8re\u2026 Pourtant, en cherchant \u00e0 revoir Julie, il va d\u00e9clencher l\u2019ultime guerre entre les vivants et les morts. Les chances de survie de ce couple unique sont de plus en plus fragiles\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/duXMVpJOezFh88K5TDzoXtJ9gUs.jpg", "actors": ["Nicholas Hoult (R)", "Teresa Palmer (Julie Grigio)", "Analeigh Tipton (Nora Greene)", "Rob Corddry (M / Marcus)", "Dave Franco (Perry Kelvin)", "John Malkovich (Colonel Grigio)", "Cory Hardrict (Kevin)", "Vincent Leclerc (Perry's Dad)", "Daniel Rindress-Kay (Soldier #1)", "Chris Cavener (Soldier #2)", "Aaron Janke (Soldier #3)", "Serge Alain Cambronne (Soldier #4)", "Robert Reynolds (Janitor)", "John Topor (TSA Zombie)", "Ayisha Issa (Athletic Woman)", "Debbie Wong (Laughing Girl)", "Christian Paul (Stadium Soldier)", "Patrick Sabongui (Hunting Zombie)", "Billie Calmeau (Girl at Airport)", "Clifford Leduc-Vaillancourt (Boy at Airport)", "Adam Driscoll (Young Man at ATM)", "Bineyam Girma (Sunset Corpse)", "Chimwemwe Miller (Airport Corpse)", "Raphael Grosz-Harvey (Plague Corpse)", "Brent Skagford (Baseball Corpse)", "Jos\u00e9e Laviolette (Female Corpse on Tarmac)", "Jonathan Dubsky (Berg)", "Zavier Vaillancourt (Perry (6 years old))", "Alec Bourgeois (Perry (11 years old))", "Christine Rodriguez (Woman)", "Quinn O'Neill (Emily)", "Arthur Holden (Zombie Patient)", "Abdul Ayoola (Corpse Attacking Julie (uncredited))", "Dawn Ford (Dr. Burke (uncredited))", "Angie Medrano (Human Survivor (uncredited))", "Rochelle Okoye (Hunting Zombie (uncredited))", "Patrick Sabongui (Hunting Zombie (uncredited))", "Sylvia Stewart (Zombie (uncredited))", "Diana Noris (Zombie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "If you like zombie's gener you will love this movie ... or not!\r\n\r\nIt cheats in a cheap way through creating 2 level of zombies: the good ones and the bad ones. Also, it breaks tons of zombies stereotypes to be able to build the story, that's why you may end hating it if you are a \"purist\".\r\n\r\nAs this is not my case, I really enjoyed this movie. Fun script, good casting and great performances by Hoult and Palmer. Also, always a pleasure to watch a movie with John Malkovich."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a quite different zombie movie. I think it can best be described as a romantic zombie movie with a humorous touch and some action thrown in for good measure. It is not at all a bad movie. I do prefer the \u201cshot everything that moves and when it doesn\u2019t move anymore shot some more just to be sure\u201d type of zombie movies but I still quite enjoyed this one. The words \u201cromantic\u201d and \u201czombie\u201d is of course two words that you really would never expect to see in the same sentence. Surprisingly enough it does indeed work in this movie.\n\nI think my main enjoyment of this movie was the voice-over with R\u2019s thoughts though. At times it is incredibly funny. The actual story, that the zombies\u2019 magically starts to heal themselves is of course pretty nonsensical but you do not really watch zombie movies for their elaborate plot anyway. I have seen worse and this was not really supposed to be a horror-zombie movie anyway so I can live with that.\n\nThis is the first zombie-movie that I have watched where you actually see the story from the zombies perspective. Another thing that, surprisingly enough, worked quite well. The voice-overs helped a lot to make that happen.\n\nThe special effects are fairly low key for being a zombie movie but I would say that they are just about right for this movie. The \u201cbonies\u201d are the most monster-like ones in the movie and their make-up is quite cool. Unfortunately their movements are quite stiff and look decidedly computer generated. That is a shame and pretty much the only complaint I have concerning the actual implementation of this movie.\n\nUnless you are totally allergic to zombies I would recommend watching this movie. I would especially recommend it if you are not normally into zombie movies. You are likely to be surprised."}], "recommandations_id": [60304, 72710, 109491, 46529]}