{"tmdb_id": 82675, "title": "Taken 2", "original_title": "Taken 2", "slug_title": "taken-2", "date": "2012-09-27", "genre": ["Action / Crime / Thriller"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "L'agent de la CIA Bryan Mills a beau avoir sauv\u00e9 sa fille Kim des mains de kidnappeurs Albanais, ses probl\u00e8mes ne sont pas termin\u00e9s, puisque le p\u00e8re d'un des kidnappeurs d\u00e9cide de se venger en prenant Bryan et sa femme en otages alors que la famille est en vacances. C'est au tour de Kim de sauver ses parents, en employant les techniques particuli\u00e8res de son p\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rDX2zd9aVMJnBmlS8efwOYsi76R.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (Bryan Mills)", "Maggie Grace (Kim)", "Famke Janssen (Lenore)", "Rade Serbedzija (Murad)", "Luke Grimes (Jamie)", "Jon Gries (Casey)", "Leland Orser (Sam)", "D. B. Sweeney (Bernie)", "Kevork Malikyan (Inspector Durmaz)", "Alain Figlarz (Suko)", "Frank Alvarez (Car Wash Attendant)", "Aclan B\u00fcy\u00fckt\u00fcrko\u011flu (Cheikh's Aide)", "Olivier Rabourdin (Jean-Claude)", "Ergun Kuyucu (Mirko)", "Naci Adig\u00fczel (Cheikh)", "Cengiz Bozkurt (Border Guard)", "Hakan Karahan (Reception Clerk)", "Luenell (Driving Instructor)", "Nathan Rippy (Newsreader)", "Myl\u00e8ne Pilutik (Waitress)", "Saruhan Sari (Waiter)", "Mehmet Polat (Hotel Driver)", "Cengiz Daner (Hotel Duty Officer)", "Melis Erman (Maid Lockers)", "Erkan \u00dc\u00e7\u00fcnc\u00fc (Barber)", "Micha\u00ebl Vander-Meiren (Jean-Claude's Driver)", "Rochelle Gregorie (Jean-Claude's Concierge)", "Emre Melemez (Hammam Attendant)", "\u0130lkay Akda\u011fl\u0131 (Albanian Intelligence Officer)", "Ahmet Orhan Ozcam (Taxi Driver Kim)", "Tamer Avkapan (Hammam Cop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "Taken 2 was... Not as good as the first one. Yes, I am sad to say it is not as good but on the other hand the story is still sound and the action is better and faster then before. Liam Neeson plays his role excellently while some on the other cast members didn't preform as well. All in all a good movie but there are some little problems, but worth seeing any way."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I enjoyed this movie as a no-brainer action/thriller flick. Sure, it has a bunch of illogical and idiotic elements in but I have seen a lot worse. The movie certainly do not deserve the ridiculously low ratings that some people have given it.\r\n\r\nIt is perhaps not as good as the first movie, mostly due to the silly bits and pieces, but as a plain vanilla action/thriller it is certainly passable. I generally do like Liam Neeson. I did like him in the first Taken movie and I do like him in this one. The other actors with the possible exception of his wife and daughter are mostly there to fill up the scenes.\r\n\r\nAfter a semi-dull beginning which is pretty much just setting up a reason for them all being in Istanbul, Bryan and his wife is, surprise, surprise, taken and that is pretty much when the action starts and from there on it is pretty much action all the way.\r\n\r\nAs have been mentioned, there are a lot of stupid things happening in the movie. Dropping grenades in the middle of Istanbul seemingly without anyone really reacting for instance. Bryan\u2019s daughter have failed to take a drivers licence in the states several times but still, when thrown into a car with a manual gear stick, she handles the car like a stunt driver. Then we have a violin player that sits in the same spot all the time? Not to mention crashing into the embassy while being fired upon by the embassy marine guards and then they can just sit there in the wrecked car, in front of the embassy, while Bryan calls for help from some guy playing golf in the states.\r\n\r\nIt is clear that the Luc Besson didn\u2019t really put realism very high on his agenda for this movie. But then this wouldn\u2019t be the first time for him. Overlook the silliness and you have a decent enough action/thriller flick. At least I enjoyed it and I am normally not too forgiving when it comes to stupid and unrealistic stuff in movies."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The _Die Hard 3_ of the _Taken_ franchise, except like... Nowhere near as good. Serviceable, but a step down from the first film, and even that one was pretty overrated.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [8681, 260346, 48138, 49040], "youtube_key": "9FhdYOZoKcs"}