{"tmdb_id": 82682, "title": "Gangster Squad", "original_title": "Gangster Squad", "slug_title": "gangster-squad", "date": "2013-01-10", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Los Angeles, 1949. Mickey Cohen, originaire de Brooklyn, est un parrain impitoyable de la mafia qui dirige la ville et r\u00e9colte les biens mal acquis de la drogue, des armes, des prostitu\u00e9es et \u2013 s\u2019il arrive \u00e0 ses fins \u2013 de tous les paris \u00e0 l\u2019ouest de Chicago. Tout ceci est rendu possible par la protection, non seulement des hommes de mains \u00e0 sa solde, mais \u00e9galement de la police et des hommes politiques qui sont sous sa coupe. Cela suffit \u00e0 intimider les policiers les plus courageux et les plus endurcis\u2026 sauf, peut-\u00eatre, les membres de la petite brigade officieuse de la LAPD dirig\u00e9e par les Sergents John O\u2019Mara et Jerry Wooters qui, ensemble, vont tenter de d\u00e9truire l\u2019empire de Cohen.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/10yNEXaVBXp0mlnMrwwJ7Vvj6g5.jpg", "actors": ["Josh Brolin (John O'Mara)", "Ryan Gosling (Sgt. Jerry Wooters)", "Nick Nolte (Bill Parker)", "Emma Stone (Grace Faraday)", "Sean Penn (Mickey Cohen)", "Giovanni Ribisi (Conway Keeler)", "Josh Pence (Darryl Gates)", "Frank Grillo (Jimmy reagan)", "Anthony Mackie (Coleman Harris)", "Robert Patrick (Max Kennard)", "Michael Pe\u00f1a (Navidad Ramirez)", "Mireille Enos (Connie O'Mara)", "Sullivan Stapleton (Jack Whalen)", "Holt McCallany (Karl Lockwood)", "Wade Williams (Rourke)", "James Landry H\u00e9bert (Mitch Racine)", "Ambyr Childers (Milk Skinned Blonde)", "Mick Betancourt (Detective Sgt. Will Hendricks)", "Mac Brandt (Bruiser)", "Brandon Molale (Jimmy 'Bockscar' Knox)", "Michael Papajohn (Mike 'The Flea')", "Jeff Wolfe (Giovanni Vacarezza)", "Anthony Molinari (Lorenzo Molinari)", "Austin Highsmith (Patty)", "Neil Koppel (Max Solomon)", "Jack McGee (Lt. Quincannon)", "Evan Jones (Neddy Herbert)", "James Carpinello (Johnny Stomp)", "Troy Garity (Wrevock)", "Austin Abrams (Pete)", "John Aylward (Judge Carter)", "Dennis Cockrum (Elmer Jackson)", "Jack Conley (Sheriff Biscailuz)", "Yvette Tucker (Carmen Miranda)", "Derek Mears (Bridge Goon)", "Jonny Coyne (Grimes)", "Eva La Dare (Dancer)", "Riel Paley (City Hall Reporter)", "Jon Polito (Dragna)", "Christopher Doyle (Edgar Beaumont)", "Maxwell Perry Cotton (Keeler's Son)", "Rick Marcus (Burbank Cop)", "Eboni 'Chrystal' Adams (Dancer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rat-a-tat-tat!\r\n\r\nGangster Squad  is directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Will Beal. It stars Josh Brolin, Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, Nick Nolte, Anthony Mackie, Giovanni Ribisi, Robert Patrick and Michael Pena. Music is by Steve Jablonski and cinematography by Dion Beebee.\r\n\r\nLos Angeles is being brought to its knees by crime boss Mickey Cohen (Penn). In one of the darkened offices of the police department, a special squad of officers is being assembled. Given free licence to bring Cohen and his operations down by any means necessary, the Gangster Squad fight fir with fire.\r\n\r\nLoosely based on real life facts, Gangster Squad is a good old slice of machine gun etiquette. An all star cast get to play good guys and wise guys in The Untouchables tradition, even if that in itself can\u2019t quite lift the film to the higher echelons of gangster movies past and present.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s absolutely nothing new here, it plays out as expected. Brolin and Gosling are the main smooth operators in the good guys camp, the former given the family man in danger sub-plot, the latter given the dangerous dame to fall in love with in the shapely form of Emma Stone, who as it happens is also dating Cohen!  hmm... \r\n\r\nOver in the wise guys department is Penn on full tilt sweary and hammy overdrive. It\u2019s a very colourful portrayal, menacing and completely over the top. How the performance sits with you will greatly depend on how you find Penn as an actor when let loose on a cartoon characterisation.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s all very period pleasing, with a bustling late 40s L.A. hosting men with hats, trench coats and tommy-guns. Men who frequent the speakeasy bars as torch singers warble their stuff. There is nothing wrong with the production at all, except maybe when the dialogue veers to clunky. The action scenes are well crafted, loud, bloody and exciting, and the photography sparkles and the music soars.\r\n\r\nIf only the makers had put some thought into it, a bit of brains to go with the brawn. As a comic book type gangster piece, it works well on entertainment terms, elsewhere its lightweight and formula compliant ,  with the Ribisi, Patrick and Pena characters telegraphed a mile away.  So, quite some way away from the great The Untouchables  then, but better than Mullholland Falls. Make of that what you will. 6.5/10  "}], "recommandations_id": [82633, 59961, 98357, 76640], "youtube_key": "9BiTx_eRRU4"}