{"tmdb_id": 82698, "title": "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl", "original_title": "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl", "slug_title": "ladies-vs-ricky-bahl", "date": "2011-12-08", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl movie is a fun-filled rom-com where a smooth and charming conman, Ricky Bahl, cons girls for a living but finally meets his match. Dimple Chaddha, a brash 19 year old Delhi college girl falls in love with Sunny Singh, a fitness trainer. Raina Parulekar, a 28 year old independent and successful corporate woman in Mumbai does business with an art dealer Deven Shah. Saira Rashid, a 24 year old sweet, hard working widow in Lucknow makes a new friend, the shy Iqbal Khan.  Three very different girls who each get taken for a lot of money by each of these three men. The problem is that it is actually just one man - Ricky Bahl who got the looks and he's got the charm. He could have the pick of the ladies. But love isn't Ricky's priority - money is!  But a chance encounter unites the three girls and, discovering the truth, they hatch a plan to get their money back. So now unsuspecting Ricky is about to meet his match in the shapely form of Ishika Desai", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lAD5MP5Thm5agStSAW8EIKTSc3U.jpg", "actors": ["Ranveer Singh (Ricky Bahl, Vikram Thappar, Sunny Singh, Deven \"Dev Shah\", Iqbal Khan, Diego Vaz)", "Dippanita Sharma (Raina Parulekar (as Dipannita Sharma Atwal))", "Aditi Sharma (Saira Rashid)", "Akshay Anand ()", "Anushka Sharma (Ishika Desai)", "Shireesh Sharma  (Mr. Chaddha)", "Parineeti Chopra (Dimple Chaddha)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [52696, 251626, 330431, 103640], "youtube_key": "notfound"}