{"tmdb_id": 826, "title": "Le pont de la rivi\u00e8re Kwa\u00ef", "original_title": "The Bridge on the River Kwai", "slug_title": "le-pont-de-la-riviere-kwai", "date": "1957-10-02", "genre": "Drame / Histoire / Guerre", "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "En 1943, le colonel Sa\u00efto dirige un camp de prisonniers dans la jungle birmane. Il re\u00e7oit l'ordre de construire un pont sur la rivi\u00e8re Kwa\u00ef et d'y faire travailler les d\u00e9tenus, y compris les officiers, au m\u00e9pris des conventions internationales. Le colonel anglais Nicholson, captur\u00e9 \u00e0 Singapour avec ses troupes, refuse \u00e9nergiquement de participer au chantier. Sa\u00efto pense pouvoir le faire plier en le soumettant \u00e0 toutes sortes de vexations et de s\u00e9vices, mais Nicholson tient bon. Son ge\u00f4lier finit par c\u00e9der. Nicholson accepte alors, de son plein gr\u00e9, de prendre la t\u00eate des op\u00e9rations pour montrer aux Japonais de quoi sont capables les soldats de Sa Majest\u00e9. Pendant ce temps, un commando am\u00e9ricain progresse prudemment vers le site, dans le but de faire sauter l'ouvrage...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/baS4cga7SEFb6hb8bN60NNZ9oC0.jpg", "actors": ["William Holden (Cmdr. Shears)", "Alec Guinness (Col. Nicholson)", "Jack Hawkins (Maj. Warden)", "Sessue Hayakawa (Col. Saito)", "James Donald (Maj. Clipton)", "Geoffrey Horne (Lt. Joyce)", "Andr\u00e9 Morell (Col. Green)", "Peter Williams (Capt. Reeves)", "John Boxer (Major Hughes)", "Percy Herbert (Grogan)", "Harold Goodwin (Baker)", "Ann Sears (Nurse)", "Heihachir\u00f4 \u00d4kawa (Captain Kanematsu)", "Vilaiwan Seeboonreaung (Siamese Girl)", "Keiichir\u00f4 Katsumoto (Lieutenant Miura)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Colonel Bogey's Barmy Army.\r\n\r\nOK! Lets get it out there right away, for historical facts of the real Bridge on the River Kwai story, one should research elsewhere, this film is a fictionalised account of the said events. Sadly there are those out there who simply refuse to judge this purely as a piece of cinematic art - and cinematic art it is.\r\n\r\nA squad of British soldiers are held in a Japanese POW camp in the Burmese jungle. The respective Japanese and British leaders clash but an understanding is finally reached to build a bridge across the River Kwai. The importance of which could prove crucial in more ways than one...\r\n\r\nIt won 7 Academy Awards and 4 BAFTAS, and it was the film that saw the great David Lean enter his epic period. And what a start it is. Kwai is a masterful piece of cinema, it has a magnificently intelligent and complex screenplay - with tough edged dialogue in the script, is bursting at the seams with high quality performances, and beautifully photographed (filmed in Ceylon). Thematically it's about the folly and psychological madness of war, which in turn is ensconced in sub - plots of genuine worth. It all builds to a tremendous finale, where everything we have witnessed is realised with a deftness of talent from across the board. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [903, 947, 3090, 11202]}