{"tmdb_id": 827, "title": "Les Diaboliques", "original_title": "Les Diaboliques", "slug_title": "les-diaboliques", "date": "1955-01-29", "genre": ["Drame / Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "Dans une institution destin\u00e9e \u00e0 l'\u00e9ducation des jeunes gar\u00e7ons, Christina et Nicole, respectivement \u00e9pouse et ma\u00eetresse du directeur Michel Delasalle, s'associent afin d'assassiner l'homme qu'ells ont fini par ha\u00efr. Mais quelques jours apr\u00e8s leur m\u00e9fait, le corps de Michel dispara\u00eet...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mNaL2CFsABXJKmnst1V2X2Or3Go.jpg", "actors": ["Simone Signoret (Nicole Horner)", "V\u00e9ra Clouzot (Christina Delassalle)", "Paul Meurisse (Michel Delassalle)", "Charles Vanel (Alfred Fichet, le commissaire)", "Jean Brochard (Plantiveau, le concierge)", "Pierre Larquey (M. Drain, professeur)", "Michel Serrault (M. Raymond, le surveillant)", "Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Dorny (Mme Herboux)", "No\u00ebl Roquevert (M. Herboux)", "Yves-Marie Maurin (Moynet, un \u00e9l\u00e8ve)", "Georges Poujouly (Soudieu, un \u00e9l\u00e8ve)", "Georges Chamarat (Dr. Loisy)", "Jacques Varennes (M. Bridoux, professeur)", "Jean Lefebvre (Soldier)", "Robert Dalban (Le garagiste)", "Camille Gu\u00e9rini (Le photographe)", "Jacques Hilling (L'employ\u00e9 de la morgue)", "Jean T\u00e9merson (Le gar\u00e7on d'h\u00f4tel)", "Christian Brocard (Un homme \u00e0 la morgue (uncredited))", "Jean Clarieux (Le chauffeur (uncredited))", "Henri Coutet (L'employ\u00e9 de la morgue (uncredited))", "Johnny Hallyday (Un \u00e9l\u00e8ve (uncredited))", "Henri Humbert (Patard, un \u00e9l\u00e8ve)", "Zappy Max (Lui-m\u00eame - Voix radio (uncredited))", "Madeleine Suffel (La d\u00e9graisseuse (uncredited))", "Jimmy Urbain (Un \u00e9l\u00e8ve (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "I have only seen but two of Clouzot's films (this and the equally brilliant 'The Wages of Fear'), but I understand immediately what connoisseurs mean when they say he's the French Alfred Hitchcock. He has an innate and unbelievably vivid and accurate take on human nature. I can't wait to check out the rest of his oeuvre."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The keys in the pool, the husband in the morgue! You dream too much about water in this house!\r\n\r\nHeadmaster of a boarding school, Michel Delaselle (Paul Meurisse) is a brooding bully of a man, one day his wife and mistress decide enough is enough and plot to kill him, trouble is that once they murder him, his body disappears and reported sightings of him are adding to the ladies' paranoia.\r\n\r\nThus is the setting for director Henri-Georges Clouzot's brilliant suspenser. The pace is stiflingly perfect, he gently racks up the tension, neatly toying with audience expectation, the sense of dread that hangs in the air is palpable. How refreshing it is to see a suspense film actually build its plot for a good hour? In this day and age the MTV generation would be walking out of this after 30 minutes. Armand Thirard's atmospheric photography accentuates the creeping menace like mood, to the point that when we get to the last 15 minutes, nerves are already frayed and we then of course get what is arguably the greatest bath scene ever, and \"that\" ending... \r\n\r\nWhen I first watched it back in 2008 it was on a poor quality DVD, but revisiting it on Blu-ray it still worked me over as the great suspense movie it is, forcing me to seek the solace of daylight ASAP. Great writing, great directing, great acting, the latter thriving due to Simone Signoret's dangerously simmering sexuality and V\u00e9ra Clouzot's heartfelt vulnerability. It's one of the classic chillers of European cinema. And if you haven't seen it yet? Do what I did last night, get the Blu-ray, turn off the lights and just have a couple of candles flickering away in your peripheral vision. Maybe indulge in some stiff drinks like I did, and most of all, watch it on your own... 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [204, 887, 93, 3782], "youtube_key": "BzbGtjtfZwA"}