{"tmdb_id": 82819, "title": "The Captive Heart", "original_title": "The Captive Heart", "slug_title": "the-captive-heart", "date": "1946-04-29", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "A series of stories about the lives and loves of nine men in a Prisoner of War Camp over five years. Location shooting in the British occupied part of Germany adds believability. The main story is of Hasek (Redgrave) a Czech soldier who needs to keep his identity a secret from the Nazis, to do this he poses as a dead English Officer and corresponds with the man's wife. Upon liberation they meet and decide to continue their lives together. The other inmates' stories are revealed episodically.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gKaAexRdWrpGh7iX97psg91yq03.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Redgrave (Capt. Karel Hasek)", "Rachel Kempson (Celia Mitchell)", "Frederick Leister (Mr. Mowbray)", "Mervyn Johns (Pte. Evans)", "Rachel Thomas (Mrs. Evans)", "Jack Warner (Cpl. Ted Horsfall)", "Gladys Henson (Mrs. Horsfall)", "James Harcourt (Doctor)", "Gordon Jackson (Lt. David Lennox)", "Elliott Mason (Mrs. Lennox)", "Margot Fitzsimons (Elspeth McDougall)", "David Keir (Mr. McDougall)", "Derek Bond (Lt. Stephen Harley)", "Jane Barrett (Caroline Harley)", "Meriel Forbes (Beryl Curtiss)", "Robert Wyndham (Lt. Cdr. Robert Marsden)", "Jimmy Hanley (Pte. Mathews)", "Karel Stepanek (Forster)", "Friedrich Richter (Camp Commandant)", "Frederick Schiller (German Medical Officer)", "Jill Gibbs (Janet Mitchell)", "David Walbridge (Desmond Mitchell)", "Jack Lambert (Padre)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [74759, 79496, 127688, 80031], "youtube_key": "notfound"}