{"tmdb_id": 82820, "title": "State buoni se potete", "original_title": "State buoni se potete", "slug_title": "state-buoni-se-potete", "date": "1983-04-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Around the year 1500, the Italian priest Don Filippo Neri helps street kids and orphans in his poor little chapel. He is no clergyman by the book, but a true believer in terms good and bad and he teaches this to his children. Neri is not very well-seen by the church and his only \"friend\" is the dry, humorless Ignatius De Loyola. But Neris real counterpart is the devil himself, working in endless incarnations in Neris direct neighborhood, trying to seduce his kids. His newest kid is the young thief Cirifischio, making a lot of problems. When Cirifischio has an argument with a young boy of a local aristocrat, the boy turns out to be a girl, the young Leonetta, some kind of a sex slave for her owner. Neri adopts her too, and the young people fall in love. 15 Years later, the devil is back and leads Cirifiscio onto a murder. Now lawless, the thief must flee Neri and leave Leonetta back...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oS8OEnuhj8ZKlFyremEa4D7qQg9.jpg", "actors": ["Johnny Dorelli (Don Filippo Neri)", "Philippe Leroy (Ignazio di Loyola)", "Rodolfo Bigotti (Cirifischio)", "Flora Carabella (venditrice di scope)", "Giovanni Crippa (il duca di Caprarola)", "Eurilla del Bono (Leonetta)", "Renzo Montagnani (The devil)", "Mario Adorf (Sisto V)", "Roberto Farris (Cirifischio da bambino)", "Federica Mastroianni (Leonetta da bambina)", "Iris Peynado (la bella mora)", "Raimondo Ricci (Ricciardetto)", "Franco Javarone (Il capitano delle guardie (as Franco Iavarone))", "Gianni Musy (il principe)", "Marisa Traversi (Teresa d'\u00c1vila)", "Piero Vivarelli (Carlo Borromeo)", "Angelo Branduardi (Spiridione)", "Tiziana Pini (la prostituta)", "Adolfo Belletti ()", "Alessandra Panelli ()", "Gianni Franco ()", "Pier Giovanni Anchisi ()", "Mirella Banti ()", "Francesco Cirulli ()", "Gabriele Di Giulio ()", "Stefano Fournier ()", "Simone Giannitti ()", "Marina Leonardi ()", "Jessica Leri ()", "Adriana Loran ()", "Renata Roggero ()", "Emanuela Stucchi Privetti ()", "Claudio Zucchet ()", "Laila Petrone ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}