{"tmdb_id": 8284, "title": "The Limits of Control", "original_title": "The Limits of Control", "slug_title": "the-limits-of-control", "date": "2009-05-01", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "un \u00e9tranger, solitaire et myst\u00e9rieux, dans son voyage \u00e0 travers l\u2019Espagne. Il est charg\u00e9 d'une mission hors la-loi. Sa d\u00e9termination et sa m\u00e9ticulosit\u00e9 sont sans faille. Seul son objectif l'int\u00e9resse, pourtant son p\u00e9riple est aussi un voyage int\u00e9rieur. Il va croiser des personnages cocasses ou \u00e9tranges. Ces rencontres le m\u00e8neront \u00e0 sa cible ultime. A la fois concentr\u00e9 et r\u00eaveur, notre homme accomplit un voyage \u00e0 travers l'Espagne, mais aussi \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur de sa conscience...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jz6zzcdOf09eGQUbTWZjVU99iC5.jpg", "actors": ["Isaach De Bankol\u00e9 (Lone Man)", "Tilda Swinton (Blonde)", "Bill Murray (American)", "Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal (Mexican)", "John Hurt (Guitar)", "Youki Kudoh (Molecules)", "Paz de la Huerta (Nude)", "Alex Descas (Creole)", "Jean-Fran\u00e7ois St\u00e9venin (French)", "\u00d3scar Jaenada (Waiter)", "Hiam Abbass (The Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Jim Jarmusch's 2008 film <i>The Limits of Control</i> concerns a nameless hitman (Isaach De Bankole) as he prepares to carry out an assassination in Spain. It is not overtly stated that he is a professional, but his uncompromising posture, his unchanging expression and the omnipresent suitcase make it clear from the very first minutes of the film. Isaach De Bankole is perfect in this role, as he has a face that seems carved out of granite. The hitman's few intimations of humanity are thus all the more shocking.\r\n\r\nAs the film proceeds, the hitman meets a series of individuals who send him onwards in his journey to pick up necessary equipment and finally confront his victim. These employees of his mysterious employer are left nameless, though often referred to by items they carry or other qualities: \"Guitar\" (John Hurt), \"Blond\" (Tilda Swinton), \"Violin\" (Luis Tosar), \"Mexican\" (Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal), and \"Molecules\" (Youki Kudoh). In engaging the assassin in conversation to subtly convey their messages, they end up delivering eccentric monologues. Many critics lambasted these lines as so much metaphysical babble. In fact, everything said relates very directly to the plot, but this is the sort of film that demands a second viewing to really tie everything together, and those who fail to be intrigued enough on the first viewing to go on to a second may find this film a failure.\r\n\r\nThough Jarmusch alludes to America under the Bush administration at points, this is ultimately a psychological drama: the hitman's task and contacts represent only parts of his own psyche. While some have tried to view this as a simple Freudian struggle between the id, ego, and superego, I feel that Jarmusch is aiming for something more subtle, something that he has great difficult putting into words and, even with his best efforts, this film can only hint at. THE LIMITS OF CONTROL feels like a cinematic analogue to the late albums of Scott Walker, where the songs' characters, cultural references and \"plot\" only serve to express some burning flame in the artist's own psyche.\r\n\r\nJim Jarmusch has always stated that his aesthetic is to absorb everything he can from prior films (and books, music, etc.) and let those inspirations reflect in his own films.<i>The Limits of Control</i> abounds with references to the film canon: Jean-Pierre Melville (namely \"Le Samoura\u00ef\"), Orson Welles (\"The Lady from Shanghai\"), Alfred Hitchcock, Aki Kaurism\u00e4ki (\"Le Vie de Boh\u00e8me\"), Alejandro Jodorowsky (that auteur's entire trippy aesthetic), and probably more that I just didn't recognize.\r\n\r\nThe film's lack of conventional interaction between characters and the compilation of references ultimately makes THE LIMITS OF CONTROL feel relatively cold and lifeless compared to Jarmusch's many other films. Still, the visuals of the film make it a worthwhile experience in spite of its flaws. With Christopher Doyle, funny enough, working the camera, we get a number of beautifully composed shots that will prove memorable."}], "recommandations_id": [469, 11305, 339, 1554], "youtube_key": "7qatk3nitXA"}