{"tmdb_id": 828, "title": "Le Jour o\u00f9 la Terre s'arr\u00eata", "original_title": "The Day the Earth Stood Still", "slug_title": "le-jour-ou-la-terre-s-arreta", "date": "1951-09-17", "genre": ["Drame / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Une soucoupe volante atterrit sur Terre. Alors qu'on les croyait hostiles, les extraterrestres sont en fait porteurs d'un message de paix pour l'humanit\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/x2DquTpLTq54aPFDnqlwY7apCC3.jpg", "actors": ["Michael Rennie (Klaatu, alias Mr. Carpenter)", "Patricia Neal (Helen Benson)", "Billy Gray (Bobby Benson)", "Hugh Marlowe (Tom Stevens)", "Sam Jaffe (Prof. Jacob Barnhardt)", "Lock Martin (Gort)", "Edith Evanson (Mrs. Crockett, landlady)", "Freeman Lusk (General Cutler)", "Frank Conroy (Mr. Harley, Secretary to the President)", "Frances Bavier (Mrs. Barley, boarder)", "John Brown (George Barley, boarder)", "Olan Soule (Mr. Krull, boarder)", "Glenn Hardy (Radio Interviewer at Landing Site)", "Marjorie Crossland (Hilda, Barnhart's secretary)", "Elmer Davis (Elmer Davis)", "H.V. Kaltenborn (H. V. Kaltenborn)", "Drew Pearson (Drew Pearson)", "Gabriel Heatter (Gabriel Heatter (voice))", "Harry Lauter (Lieutenant in Charge of Landing Site)", "James Doyle (Army Dr. White)", "Larry Dobkin (Balding Army Doctor)", "Robert Osterloh (Army Examining Doctor)", "House Peters Jr. (M.P. Captain at Barnhardt's)", "Tyler McVey (Brady)", "George Lynn (Conference Colonel Ryder)", "Dorothy Neumann (Margaret, Tom's secretary)", "Wheaton Chambers (Mr. Bleeker, jeweller)", "Carleton Young (Zone Five Lieutenant Colonel)", "Harry Harvey (The Cab Driver)", "Sammy Ogg (Sammy, boy witness)", "Bess Flowers (Lady Outside Jewelry Store)", "James Seay (Government Man)", "Stuart Whitman (Sentry (scene deleted))", "Grady Galloway (Radar Operator)", "Hassan Khayyam (Indian Newscaster)", "John Barton (British Newscaster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm impatient with stupidity. My people have learned to live without it. \r\n\r\nThe Day the Earth Stood Still is directed by Robert Wise and adapted to screenplay by Edmund H. North from the story Farewell to the Master written by Harry Bates. It stars Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Hugh Marlowe, Sam Jaffe, Billy Gray and Frances Bavier. Music is by Bernard Herrmann and cinematography by Leo Tover. \r\n\r\nClassic sci-fi is right here as director Robert Wise gives a beautifully steady hand to Harry Bate's short story. Peace for the world or else is the message and I don't see anything wrong with that because it stands up to relevant scrutiny today and unfortunately many days ahead in the future. Debates about the allegorical worth of the film still persist today, but the core message is not up for argument. \r\n\r\nWise shows his influences from the time when he worked with Orson Welles and Val Lewton, where here, aided by Tover's beautiful photography, he blends the feel of semi-documentary starkness with film noir visuality. Whether it's scenes of Klaatu (Rennie) trawling the wet night streets, or the interiors of the spaceship and boarding house, the visual imagery by way of low-key lighting compositions is often striking for mood accentuation. \r\n\r\nAll the cast are spot on in their respective performances, with Neal refreshingly given a female role that doesn't resort to her being token sex appeal or a shrieking harpy. Herrmann's understated score is dynamite, and pretty much imitated wholesale from this point onwards, and the film is laced with poignant and frightening scenes that keep the viewer firmly glued to the tale unfolding. The demonstration of the visitors power gives the film its title and it's a glorious slice of celluloid, and in Gort the robot (Lock Martin) we have one of the biggest icons in sci-fi cinema. \r\n\r\nOnce viewed one can never forget The Day The Earth Stood Still, its message, its structured precision and its technical smarts ensure you will remember this film always. One of the most important science fiction movies of all time, a game changer in the critical year for the sci-fi genre. All told it's magic cinema still standing the test of time. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [830, 11549, 982, 229], "youtube_key": "sU_wBld7FPo"}