{"tmdb_id": 82963, "title": "Valerie", "original_title": "Valerie", "slug_title": "valerie", "date": "1957-08-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "3.1/10", "synopsis": "John Garth est accus\u00e9 du meurtre de ses beaux-parents et de coups et blessure sur sa femme. Un drame conjugal de plus ? Pas si simple. Lors du proc\u00e8s, John raconte une toute autre version des faits, en totale contradiction avec les propos tenus par sa femme. Qui dit vrai ?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gRqpZXGt0eaTltUkvViN3vlGdfm.jpg", "actors": ["Sterling Hayden (John Huntington Garth)", "Anita Ekberg (Valerie Horvat Garth)", "Anthony Steel (Reverend Blake)", "Peter Walker (Herb Garth)", "Jerry Barclay (Jim Mingo)", "Iphigenie Castiglioni (Mrs. Lili Horvat)", "John Wengraf (Mr. Louis Horvat)", "Gage Clarke (Jonathan Griggs)", "Tom McKee (Dave Carlin)", "Sydney Smith (Judge Frisbee)", "Bob Adler (Lundy)", "Stanley Adams (Dr. E. Jackson)", "Malcolm Atterbury (Sheriff)", "Juney Ellis (Nurse Linsey)", "John Dierkes (Bartender)", "Norman Leavitt (Linsey)", "Darryl Duran (Earl Davis)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Sinner or Sinned Against?\r\n\r\nValerie is directed by Gerd Oswald and written by Leonard Heiderman and Emmett Murphy. It stars Sterling Hayden, Anita Ekberg and Anthony Steel. Music is by Albert Glasser and cinematography by Ernest Laszlo.\r\n\r\nJohn Garth (Hayden) is arrested and put on trial for the wounding of his wife Valerie (Ekberg) and murder of her parents. The trial hinges on three testimonies, each telling in flashback what actually unfolded to lead up to the bloodshed. But who is telling the truth?\r\n\r\nSet in the West, a murder mystery with a noirish edge, with crisp black and white photography keeping things in the ream of sombre, Valerie is a mixed bag. Yet it works as entertainment, the screenplay has some surprises in store, where it\u2019s not afraid to paint a world of wanton desires, seedy suspicions, violent mistreatment and possible war tainted masochistic tendencies. The court case at the centre of tale throws up the sometimes fragility of the law, with some biased spice and hurtful hearsay added into the mix, and it all builds nicely to a dramatically bleak finale.  \r\n\r\nHayden delivers one for his fans, all straight backed machismo and menacing drawl, and Ekberg scores well as a scenic beauty who deftly pulls of a dual portrayal that calls for seduction or victim credibility. Steel, Ekberg\u2019s real life beau, is a bit lightweight but doesn\u2019t harm the drama, while there\u2019s not much airy landscapes to enjoy (filmed on location at Iverson ranch in Chatsworth). Still, this is very much one for fans of the stars to seek out, whilst noir and Western fans will find pleasures too. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}