{"tmdb_id": 83015, "title": "The Happiest Days of Your Life", "original_title": "The Happiest Days of Your Life", "slug_title": "the-happiest-days-of-your-life", "date": "1950-01-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Nutbourne College, an old established, all-boys, boarding school is told that another school is to be billeted with due to wartime restrictions. The shock is that it's an all-girls school that has been sent. The two head teachers are soon battling for the upper hand with each other and the Ministry. But a crisis (or two) forces them to work together.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wqFMQdWy5MSg50rCSGHKwFCSeXJ.jpg", "actors": ["Alastair Sim (Wetherby Pond)", "Margaret Rutherford (Muriel Whitchurch)", "Guy Middleton (Victor Hyde-Brown: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Joyce Grenfell (Miss Gossage: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "Edward Rigby (Rainbow: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Muriel Aked (Miss Jezzard: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "John Bentley (Richard Tassell: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Bernadette O'Farrell (Miss Harper: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "Richard Wattis (Arnold Billings: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Gladys Henson (Mrs. Hampstead: Staff of Nutbourne)", "John Turnbull (Conrad Matthews: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Percy Walsh (Monsieur Joue: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Arthur Howard (Anthony Ramsden: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Myrette Morven (Miss Chapel: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "Russell Waters (Mr. West)", "Laurence Naismith (Dr. Collet)", "Patricia Owens (Angela Parry)", "Kenneth Downey (Sir Angus McNally)", "Stringer Davis (Rev. Rich)", "Angela Glynne (Barbara Colhoun)", "Harold Goodwin (Edwin: Staff of Nutbourne)", "Margaret Anderson (Alice)", "Patience Rentoul (Miss Armstrong: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "Lilian Stanley (Miss Curtis: Staff of St. Swithin's)", "Stanley Lemin (Mr. Parry)", "Olwen Brookes (Mrs. Parry)", "Alan Broadhurst (Mr. Ibbertson)", "Vivien Wood (Mrs. Ibbertson)", "Nan Munro (Mrs. Jones)", "George Benson (Mr. Tripp)", "Betty Blackler (Mary)", "Fred Marshall (Metcalf)", "John Rhodes (Cranbourne)", "Jim Davis (Talbot)", "Keith Faulkner (Unsworth)", "William Simonds (Oliver)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [44134, 82819, 41084, 41430], "youtube_key": "yFfHiLPpgz8"}