{"tmdb_id": 83186, "title": "Wrong", "original_title": "Wrong", "slug_title": "wrong", "date": "2012-09-05", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Dolph a perdu son chien, Paul. Le myst\u00e9rieux Master Chang pourrait en \u00eatre la cause. Le d\u00e9tective Ronnie, la solution. Emma, la vendeuse de pizza, serait un rem\u00e8de, et son jardinier Victor, une diversion? Ou le contraire. Car Paul est parti, et Dolph a perdu la t\u00eate.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rDOSSw3v4sodD5xXop6roIZqlPB.jpg", "actors": ["Jack Plotnick (Dolph Springer)", "Eric Judor (Victor)", "Alexis Dziena (Emma)", "Steve Little (Detective Ronnie)", "Bob Jennings (Rear Ender Driver)", "William Fichtner (Master Chang)", "Regan Burns (Mike)", "Mark Burnham (Cop)", "Arden Myrin (Boss Gabrielle)", "Maile Flanagan (Pharmacist)", "Cole Jensen (Emma's & Victor's Son Willy)", "Kuma the dog (Paul)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Seems everything is wrong, but in a funny way.**\r\n\r\nSurely a much better film than the previous one by the director. 'Rubber' had the innovation, but the type of dark comedy was not for everyone, especially not for me, though I appreciated the effort. I liked this one, it was simple and slow yet they knew how to end it. It had twists and turns, but the small ones. Plus, the actors were very good. So it's a decent indie film, feels like I might have rated it low.\r\n\r\nA man wakes up in the morning to find his dog gone missing. But as his neighbour advised him, he proceeds his rest of the day thinking the dog would come back and it does not. So he goes after some mysterious message and learns it has to do with his dog's missing. He follows all the instruction and waits for a good news, but what happens at the end is a little surprise.\r\n\r\nApart from the snail pace which actually deliberately done, definitely the film can be enjoyed. Not easy to understand the meaning of the title, but that's what this film is about where everything seems wrong. If you decide to watch it, forget the logics, sit back and enjoy it. Because you won't see films like this everyday. I suggest it for those who are looking for a break from the regular comedies.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [158990, 45649, 179150, 79956]}