{"tmdb_id": 8326, "title": "La Morsure du l\u00e9zard", "original_title": "Holes", "slug_title": "la-morsure-du-lezard", "date": "2003-04-18", "genre": ["Aventure / Familial / Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Une femme gardien dans un centre de d\u00e9tention pour jeunes creuse de larges trou dans le but de retrouver un l\u00e9gendaire tr\u00e9sor enfoui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/88HeeiJ6Vgu329KCcFC4cEcicPr.jpg", "actors": ["Shia LaBeouf (Stanley \"Caveman\" Yelnats IV)", "Khleo Thomas (Hector \"Zero\" Zeroni)", "Sigourney Weaver (Louise Walker the Warden)", "Jon Voight (Marion Sevillo \"Mr. Sir\")", "Patricia Arquette (Katherine \"Kissin' Kate\" Barlow)", "Dul\u00e9 Hill (Sam the Onion Man)", "Henry Winkler (Stanley Yelnats III)", "Siobhan Fallon Hogan (Tiffany Yelnats)", "Tim Blake Nelson (Dr. Pendanski)", "Eartha Kitt (Madame Zeroni)", "Brenden Richard Jefferson (Rex \"X-Ray\")", "Jake M. Smith (Alan \"Squid\")", "Byron Cotton (Theodore \"Armpit\")", "Miguel Castro (Jos\u00e9 \"Magnet\")", "Max Kasch (Ricky \"Zigzag\")", "Zane Holtz (Louis \"Barfbag\")", "Noah Poletiek (Brian \"Twitch\")", "Steven Kozlowski (Lump)", "Scott Plank (Charles \"Trout\" Walker)", "Roma Maffia (Carla Morengo)", "Ray Baker (Asst. Attorney General)", "Damien Luvara (Elya Yelnats)", "Haleigh Ann Trickett (Young Warden)", "Nathan Davis (Stanley Yelnats II)", "Rick Fox (Clyde \"Sweet Feet\" Livingston)", "Shelley Malil (Landlord)", "Sanya Mateyas (Myra Menke)", "Ravil Isyanov (Morris Menke)", "Ken Davitian (Igor Barkov)", "Michael Cavanaugh (Judge Austin Gorg)", "Jim Wilkey (Bus Driver / Kissed Stage Coach Driver)", "Alex Daniels (Texas Ranger #1)", "Tom Brainard (Texas Ranger #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig\u2026\r\n\r\nDisney produce and Andrew Davis directs this wonderful adaptation of Louis Sachar\u2019s Holes. Miscreant youths are sent to Camp Green Lake for character building, the bulk of which involves them constantly digging holes in the parched desert. New inmate Stanley Yelnats IV (Shia LeBeouf) is about to set the wheels in motion that will unearth the secret of the digs. \r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a blender is Holes, part drama (there\u2019s plenty of edginess here), part coming of age tale, part action adventure \u2013 cum \u2013 detective mystery \u2013 cum - Western and part comedy, in short it\u2019s a bona fide piece for all the family. The narrative, awash with whimsy and enchantment, is triple pronged, and it\u2019s with great credit that the three story arcs are seamlessly put together to create one delightful whole. The child actors, led by LeBeouf, are excellent, really bringing life to the various characterisations, while Sigourney Weaver, John Voight and Tim Blake Nelson have a great time of things as the camp enforcers, and Patricia Arquette in a two-fold characterisation, scores very favourably with charm, grace and menace in equal measurements.\r\n\r\nMature and intelligent kids films are a rarity, Holes is like a little gem dug up in the desert. 8.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11528, 11395, 10539, 9957], "youtube_key": "NEvLRtDKT0c"}