{"tmdb_id": 8348, "title": "Le Canardeur", "original_title": "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot", "slug_title": "le-canardeur", "date": "1974-05-23", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le braqueur de banque John Thunderbolt se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec Lightfoot, un jeune aventurier. Ensemble, ils d\u00e9cident de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer un magot d'un demi-million de dollars que Thunderbolt avait planqu\u00e9 dans une vieille \u00e9cole. Mais celle-ci a \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9truite...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zQT8co2vojw0QLZOwGXjky1QQkR.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Thunderbolt)", "Jeff Bridges (Lightfoot)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Eddie Goody)", "Catherine Bach (Melody)", "Gary Busey (Curly)", "George Kennedy (Red Leary)", "Roy Jenson (Dunlop)", "Gene Elman (Tourist)", "Burton Gilliam (Welder)", "Claudia Lennear (Secretary)", "Bill McKinney (Crazy Driver)", "Vic Tayback (Mario Pinski)", "Dub Taylor (Station Attendant)", "Gregory Walcott (Used Car Salesman)", "Erica Hagen (Waitress)", "Luanne Roberts (Suburban Housewife)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***A Tarantino flick two decades before they existed***\r\n\r\nA preacher (Clint Eastwood) with a past to hide is chased by a lunatic gunman (George Kennedy) in northern Montana. He inadvertently teams-up with a young scalawag (Jeff Daniels) and they concoct a mad heist with a couple of the former\u2019s old partners.\r\n\r\nWritten & directed by Michael Cimino, \u201cThunderbolt and Lightfoot\u201d (1974) was the infamous director\u2019s debut and pulsates with cinematic magic from beginning to end. You can tell Tarantino was heavily influenced by it because it smacks of his flicks twenty years before he rose to fame with \u201cPulp Fiction.\u201d It is a combination gangster/road/car flick \u00e0 la \u201cBonnie and Clyde\u201d (1967), \u201cDirty Mary, Crazy Larry\u201d (1974) and \u201cJoyride\u201d (1977).\r\n\r\nSomeone said that feminists might have a problem with the film because women are generally portrayed as sex objects and little more. Yet the average man isn't portrayed much more nobly; they're basically shallow, sex-obsessed, dishonest, purposeless, incompetent buffoons. So the criticism of the film goes both ways. \r\n\r\nIt might help to understand the flick as picaresque wherein the protagonists are amiable rogues, bohemians, adventurers, rapscallions, which is what the root word \u2018picaro\u2019 means. These kinds of yarns include satire, comedy, sarcasm and acerbic social criticism with an episodic plot revolving around an often pointless quest. \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\" (1966) is a good example. But this is superior to that overpraised Spaghetti Western because the picaros are more likable and interesting, not to mention it\u2019s just all-around more entertaining, which is helped by the magnificent Montanan scenery.\r\n\r\nDespite their shallow depictions, the movie scores pretty well in the feminine department with June Fairchild standing out as Gloria. Erica Hagen has a small part as a blonde waitress and Catherine Bach has a glorified cameo.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 55 minutes and was shot exclusively in the Great Falls extended region of northern Montana.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [20187, 26170, 6723, 17689]}