{"tmdb_id": 8358, "title": "Seul au monde", "original_title": "Cast Away", "slug_title": "seul-au-monde", "date": "2000-12-22", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame"], "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Chuck Noland, gestionnaire au service d'un transporteur international ne vit que par son travail. Il sillonne le monde pour am\u00e9liorer les performances de son entreprise et la productivit\u00e9 de ses \u00e9quipes. Il ne voit sa compagne Kelly que quelques jours par an. Lors de l'un de ses d\u00e9placements, Chuck est victime d'un crash et son avion coule en plein Pacifique. Agripp\u00e9 \u00e0 un radeau de sauvetage, Chuck s'\u00e9choue sur un \u00eelot d\u00e9sert. Seul au monde, priv\u00e9 de tous ses rep\u00e8res habituels, le naufrag\u00e9 doit apprendre les gestes \u00e9l\u00e9mentaires pour sa survie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/w515BrZvczKIxbHurG6HIiYYrba.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Hanks (Chuck Noland)", "Helen Hunt (Kelly Frears)", "Chris Noth (Jerry Lovett)", "Paul Sanchez (Ramon)", "Lari White (Bettina Peterson)", "Leonid Citer (Fyodor)", "David Allen Brooks (Dick Peterson)", "Semion Sudarikov (Nicolai)", "Peter von Berg (Yuri)", "Dmitri S. Boudrine (Lev)", "Nick Searcy (Stan)", "Fran\u00e7ois Duhamel (French FedEx Loader)", "Michael Forest (Pilot Jack)", "Lauren Birkell (Lauren Madden)", "Yelena Popovic (Beautiful Russian Woman)", "Viveka Davis (Pilot Gwen)", "Jennifer Choe (Memphis State Student)", "Nan Martin (Kelly's Mother)", "Anne Bellamy (Anne Larson)", "Dennis Letts (Dennis Larson)", "Wendy Worthington (Wendy Larson)", "Valerie Wildman (Virginia Larson)", "John Duerler (John Larson)", "Steve Monroe (Steve Larson)", "Lisa Long (Lisa Madden)", "Elden Henson (Elden Madden)", "Timothy Stack (Morgan Stockton)", "Alice Vaughn (Alice Stockton)", "Joe Conley (Joe Wally)", "Garret Davis (Pilot Blaine)", "Jay Acovone (Pilot Peter)", "Christopher Kriesa (Pilot Kevin)", "Derick Alexander (Taxi Driver)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We live and we die by time. And we must not commit the sin of losing our track on time.\r\n\r\n*** This review may contain spoilers ***\r\n\r\nJetting off on yet another important task, FedEx whizzer Chuck Noland leaves his girlfriend Kelly Frears (Helen Hunt) behind just before Christmas. Disaster strikes during the flight and the plane crashes into the ocean. Managing to free himself from the sinking jet, Noland is washed up on an uninhabited island. Without basic modern comforts and fighting solitude daily, Noland must live in hope that one day he might be saved before he loses his mind or the will to live.\r\n\r\nTom Hanks (Noland) re-teams with director Robert Zemeckis after their hugely successful collaboration on 1994 awards stealer, Forrest Gump. Though Cast Away didn't win any awards (the usual cry of it being Oscar bait had preceded it) it can be argued to be Hanks' best performance. Few actors in the modern era could carry the film the way that Hanks does. Beguiling and drawing us into his loneliness, Hanks, with minimal dialogue (his only company being a volleyball that washed up with a few other FedEx parcels) excels with facial and bodily acting. Zemeckis, who should be applauded for the middle section and the terrifying plane crash that precedes it, puts Hanks' Noland through the mangler. The convenience of said parcels washing ashore aside, Noland is bumped bruised and dentally challenged, the Robinson Crusoe clich\u00e9s exist of course, but Zemeckis and a heartfelt Hanks put us there on the island as well, with a pat on the back due for the excellent work by the sound department I might add.\r\n\r\nSadly Cast Away is bookended by not so great work. The opening character introductions are unremarkable but just about good enough for the plot set up, but the ending lacks emotional punch and defies what has been built up. Things aren't helped by Helen Hunt's lack of chemistry with Hanks, but that in turn is not helped by the writing from William Broyles Jr. since it's only really now that it's Noland that we care about. It's a bit churlish to complain too much though, because Zemeckis kept us on the island with Chuck, there was no cutting back to grieving family or fruitless rescue attempts. With that it was a truly fine one man show, even if that is something that ultimately renders the ending something of a let down. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [594, 568, 1637, 745], "youtube_key": "4olwbrY2kwE"}