{"tmdb_id": 8367, "title": "Robin des Bois : Prince des Voleurs", "original_title": "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves", "slug_title": "robin-des-bois-prince-des-voleurs", "date": "1991-06-14", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Drame / Romance"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "XIIe si\u00e8cle, en Angleterre. En l'absence du roi Richard, le sh\u00e9rif de Nottingham r\u00e8gne en tyran sur le pays, aid\u00e9 par son cousin Guy de Gisbourne, la sorci\u00e8re Mortianna et le corrompu \u00e9v\u00eaque de Hereford. Lors de son retour en Angleterre aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s d'Azeem, Robin revient au ch\u00e2teau de son p\u00e8re. Mais ce dernier a \u00e9t\u00e9 tu\u00e9 par les hommes du sh\u00e9rif apr\u00e8s avoir refus\u00e9 de se joindre \u00e0 eux. Robin jure de venger son p\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bDqqiu3yi7V5idgdei61XBairBZ.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Costner (Robin Hood)", "Morgan Freeman (Azeem)", "Christian Slater (Will Scarlett)", "Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Marian)", "Alan Rickman (Sheriff of Nottingham)", "Geraldine McEwan (Mortianna)", "Michael McShane (Friar Tuck)", "Brian Blessed (Lord Locksley)", "Michael Wincott (Guy of Gisborne)", "Nick Brimble (Little John)", "Soo Drouet (Fanny)", "Daniel Peacock (Bull)", "Walter Sparrow (Duncan)", "Daniel Newman (Wulf)", "Harold Innocent (Bishop of Hereford)", "Jack Wild (Much)", "Howard Lew Lewis (Hal)", "Derek Deadman (Kneelock)", "Andy Hockley (Ox)", "John Hallam (Red Headed Baron)", "Pat Roach (Celtic Chieftain)", "John Tordoff (Scribe)", "Michael Goldie (Kenneth of Cowfall)", "Liam Halligan (Peter Dubois)", "Marc Zuber (Interrogator)", "Merelina Kendall (Old Woman)", "Imogen Bain (Sarah)", "Jimmy Gardner (Farmer)", "Bobby Parr (Villager)", "Douglas Blackwell (Grey Bearded Baron)", "Christopher Adamson (Soldier)", "Richard Strange (Executioner)", "Susannah Corbett (Lady in Coach)", "Sean Connery (King Richard (uncredited))", "Bryan Adams (The Balladeer (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Iconic Medieval adventure of the early 90s***  \r\n\r\nReleased in 1991, \"Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves\" stars Kevin Costner in the title role. While some have argued that Costner was too humorless and brooding for the part, this is a cinematic myth. There are quite a few places in the film where he can be seen smiling and having a good time, like when he makes it back to England after the Crusades or when he's spending time with Marian in Sherwood Forest. Thankfully, he's more three-dimensional than this and so you also see him desperate, angry, grieving, vengeful, strategizing, contemplative, etc.\r\n\r\nTo be honest with you, Costner was in his prime at the time and towers in the role; whether or not you like him is a matter of opinion. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio as Marian is memorable with her unique facial features and odd hairstyle even though she doesn't trip my trigger. Morgan Freeman as the Moor Azeem is an excellent partner for Robin Hood while Alan Rickman and Michael Wincott are effective villains as the Sheriff of Nottingham and Guy of Gisborne respectively. Christian Slater, Nick Brimble and Michael McShane are also on hand as Robin's sometimes merry men, the latter two being Little John and Friar Tuck.\r\n\r\nI've always had mixed feelings about this movie due to its mixed tone and the fact that it loses its mojo in the last 45 minutes. Concerning the first, the flick is often serious and brutal, but it's also sometimes cartoonish and over-the-top. Rickman particularly hams it up, entertaining though he is. Another good example is Geraldine McEwan as the ee-vil witch Mortianna. Her portrayal is spooky and Gothic in a comic book horror kind of way, but it detracts from the many parts that establish the story as believable quasi-history. Still, she's excellent as the hideous witch. Another example is the semi-goofy, overly heroic action scenes, like Robin & Azeem being catapulted over the castle wall. Why sure!\r\n\r\nConcerning the second criticism, the movie is overlong by about 25 minutes. When the Celts attack the camp at the 95-minute mark I always start to lose interest and the rest of the movie is a tedious blur. But there\u2019s a lot of medieval action, if that\u2019s your thang.\r\n\r\nAs far as medieval films of the British Isles go, I prefer the more serious and consistent tone of \"Tristan + Isolde\" (2006) and \"First Knight\" (1995). Nevertheless, \u201cPrince of Thieves\u201d an entertaining Robin Hood adventure and is iconic of early 90's cinema. The entire first act is the best part followed by the many Sherwood Forest sequences. And the climatic cameo by a certain famous actor is a nice touch. I enjoy seeing \u201cPrince of Thieves\u201d every five years or so.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 143 minutes and was shot mostly in England, but also France. My wife loves the end credits\u2019 song \u201c(Everything I Do) I Do it for You\u201d by Bryan Adams.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [9804, 943, 581, 944], "youtube_key": "fERE7bGPwmo"}