{"tmdb_id": 8371, "title": "A Good Boy", "original_title": "Guter Junge", "slug_title": "a-good-boy", "date": "2008-04-09", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "After his mother's death, 17-year-old Sven moves in with his dad Achim, a taxi driver, who had divorced his mother several years earlier. It is not easy for Achim to get used to an adolescent around the house, especially since Sven hardly speaks to him. But Sven does well in school, and Achim hopes that time will bring them closer together. It is Achim's girlfriend Julia who first senses that something is wrong with Sven. Why, she wonders, does he always hang around with young boys? Why does not he have any friends his own age? She suspects that he is gay. The truth, however, is somewhat more nuanced - and chilling: Sven has pedophile tendencies. Proof is soon found on videos that shock and sicken Achim. Sven himself is shattered and regrets his actions. Julia suggests therapy, but Achim is convinced that he and Sven can handle this together. But he is wrong. Though Sven practically begs his father to lock him up in his room, Achim has confidence in his son.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2q6ws56dWYeput4Ux9kYEunsPeT.jpg", "actors": ["Klaus J. Behrendt (Achim)", "Sebastian Urzendowsky (Sven)", "Gabriela Maria Schmeide (Julia)", "Sandro Lohmann (Patrick)", "Martin Brambach (Ralf Bechler)", "Bernd Michael Lade (Ronald)", "Matthias Brenner (Dieter)", "Ulrike Bliefert (Frau Kleed\u00f6rfer)", "Astrid Meyerfeldt (Doris)", "Ursina Lardi (Patricks Mutter)", "Liv Lisa Fries (Jennifer)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}