{"tmdb_id": 83799, "title": "L'Ours et l'enfant", "original_title": "Gentle Ben", "slug_title": "l-ours-et-l-enfant", "date": "2002-03-25", "genre": ["Drame / Familial / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "When Mark goes for a visit with his uncle he's thrown into a world he knows not much about. Little does he know it'll be a world he's going to have to become very familiar with. One character Mark becomes very familiar and friendly with is a very tame black bear who he later names Ben", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bEbXTSAEMz9ztULt6IUyqwmAa3G.jpg", "actors": [], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Gentle Ben in the wilds of Northern California with Dean Cain and Ashley Laurence*** \r\n\r\nA boy from Los Angeles (Reiley McClendon) visits his ranger uncle (Dean Cain) in remote Northern California where he tries to save a friendly black bear from poachers and a rancher who\u2019s convinced the bear is slaughtering his sheep (Corbin Bernsen).  Gil Birmingham plays an AmerIndian ranger while Cody Weiant appears as a tomboy who assists the kid & bear.\r\n\r\nReleased to TV, \u201cGentle Ben\u201d (2002) wasn\u2019t based on the late 60\u2019s TV series, which took place in the Florida Everglades as opposed to Northern Cal. The movie was popular enough to produce a sequel with the same cast the next year. It belongs to the family wilderness drama/adventure genre and comes across as a meshing of movies like \u201cProphecy\u201d (1979), \u201cMagic in the Water\u201d (1995) and \u201cFree Willy\u201d (1993), albeit with a TV budget. (Yes, \u201cProphecy\u201d is a horror/thriller but, like the other two flicks, was shot in the same general region, has an Indian side character and involves a threatened animal species).\r\n\r\nAshley Laurence from the Hellraiser series is on hand as the ranger\u2019s potential babe, Dakota. She\u2019s winsome and looks great in jeans; I wish she had a bigger role though. Ashley, the magnificent locations, the bear and the quality cast make this TV flick worth catching for those interested. Martin Kove even shows up as a genial mountain man.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 29 minutes and was shot in Placer County, Northern California (Auburn & Foresthill).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}