{"tmdb_id": 83834, "title": "The Child", "original_title": "The Child", "slug_title": "the-child", "date": "1977-06-02", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.4/10", "synopsis": "La nouvelle nounou d'une jeune fille de onze ans qui a perdu sa m\u00e8re sera \u00e9tonn\u00e9e que la petite pr\u00e9pare sa revanche avec l'aide de ses amis morts-vivants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1J8gJGnmjoT66T27BONEpbPM3kT.jpg", "actors": ["Laurel Barnett (Alicianne Del Mar)", "Rosalie Cole (Rosalie Nordon)", "Frank Janson (Nordon)", "Richard Hanners (Len Nordon)", "Ruth Ballan (Mrs. Whitfield)", "Slosson Bing Jong (Gardener)", "Rod Medigovich (Priest / Creature)", "Wendell Hudiburg (Pall Bearer)", "Chris Tieken (Jefferson)", "Jim Dickson (Creature)", "Chick Cavanaugh (Creature)", "Anoosh Avan (Creature)", "Ralph Lucas (Creature)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Milo_Jeeder", "content": "The story goes something like this: A sweet young lady named Alicianne Del Mar is hired as a baby-sitter for a little girl named Rosalie Nordon, who has just lost her mother. When Alicianne is driving to the Nordon's house, her car breaks down and she is kindly assisted by Mrs. Whitfield, an elderly woman who lives in the area. Mrs. Whitfield also tells Alicianne that the Nordons are a very peculiar family and that she doesn't like them very much, especially little Rosalie. Mrs. Whitfield thinks Rosalie is responsible for a lot of bad things that happen in the woods, but the baby-sitter doesn't take the accusations very seriously and she assumes that the little girl's bad behavior may have to do with the fact that she has recently lost her mother.\r\n\r\nWhen Alicianne arrives to the house, Mr. Nordon doesn't exactly offer her a friendly welcome, but his older son, Len, apologizes for his father's rustic manners. At first, Rosalie seems happy to have Alicianne in the house and they become very attached, against all odds. Rosalie is actually not very sociable, she doesn't have any friends and does a lot of strange things, like, walking around the cemetery during the night. She behaves in a very cynical and downright sinister way and is disrespectful towards his father and defies him constantly.\r\n\r\nEventually, Alicianne becomes Rosalie's target too, reaching the point of receiving threats. Things go out of control completely and Alicianne understands that Mrs. Whitfield was right all along and Rosalie is not an ordinary girl. When she discovers the truth, she teams up with Rosalie's brother in order to get out of the house before it's too late.\r\n\r\nLess than perfect as it is, \"The Child\" offers a very dark and unsettling atmosphere. I don't know anything about the filming locations, but the woods and the big house where the story take place are eerie and both sceneries convey a feeling of isolation and gloominess. I don't find nature and isolation depressing per se, but when you put these characters in this sceneries, I really do. Rosalie (the so-called \"Child\") is very dark and the relationship between her and her father is, in my opinion, what makes \"The Child\" a very unique and disturbing film. We have seen enough horror films about evil children and it's a shame that Rosalie is not highly appreciated as some of her counterparts (although, it could be possible that the lack of distribution may have something to do with Rosalie's anonymity as a horror icon). Strange as it may sound, I consider Rosalie a very memorable horror character and I have seen my decent share of horror films in 27 years. If you set your expectations bar low and can get around the mediocre special effects and the amateurish acting, you might enjoy \"The Child\" for what it is. My main problem with this film is that we never get to know enough about Rosalie's late mother, which is crucial to the story. Apparently, Rosalie's disturbing behavior was hereditary and while some of her background story is revealed by some of the characters, in my opinion, it wasn't enough. I think this film could have been a lot better if they revealed more about this particular character. Other than that, \"The Child\" is a very enjoyable little flick and I highly recommend it to horror fans who don't take films too seriously all the time."}], "recommandations_id": [72344, 89376, 56429, 126962], "youtube_key": "notfound"}