{"tmdb_id": 83848, "title": "Mommy Got Boobs 12", "original_title": "Mommy Got Boobs 12", "slug_title": "mommy-got-boobs-12", "date": "2011-12-12", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "It's time for a job interview, and Ava will do anything to make sure her daughter walks away with a new career. And if that means letting Mr. Sins pound her tiny little asshole for the first time ever, then by god, she'll get down to business. Kyle invites Rocco over to do laundry while he is away, leaving his mom to deal with Rocco on a day she feels horny. Francesca will do whatever it takes to get a taste of his big cock. Raylene's daughter's breasts aren't big enough to keep Ramon's attention in line. Raylene decides to show him that her daughter's breasts are going to develop just like hers. Veronica is a frustrated single mom that hasn't been fucked in ages. She gets her chance when her daughter's boyfriend arrives. Helly Mae's daughter, Nicole, has been dating Keiran for months and has taken a liking to him. What starts out as small talk in the kitchen quickly turns into a full out confession of her attraction towards him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5TWcrYU5i4oM5w91ra9iDbNxq0l.jpg", "actors": ["Ava Addams ()", "Francesca L\u00e9 ()", "Raylene ()", "Veronica Avluv ()", "Helly Mae Hellfire ()", "Darla Crane ()", "Johnny Sins ()", "Rocco Reed ()", "Ramon Nomar ()", "Keiran Lee ()", "Danny Mountain ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}