{"tmdb_id": 83899, "title": "You're Next", "original_title": "You're Next", "slug_title": "you-re-next", "date": "2011-09-10", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Une r\u00e9union de famille, celle des Davidson, tourne brusquement court lorsque leur demeure est prise d\u2019assaut par un groupe de tueurs psychopathes en d\u00e9guisement d\u2019animaux. Un \u00e0 un, les membres de la famille p\u00e9rissent dans des pi\u00e8ges sophistiqu\u00e9s, sous les coups de hache, de machette et autres tirs d\u2019arbal\u00e8te. La maison, recluse, n\u2019offre aucun lieu de repli. Mais ni les tueurs ni leurs victimes n\u2019avaient envisag\u00e9s qu\u2019Erin, sous ses airs d\u2019innocente petite amie, avait l\u2019instinct visc\u00e9ral de rendre les coups...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tCQowhMukynSnIPJAh4zNdyDulG.jpg", "actors": ["Sharni Vinson (Erin)", "Nicholas Tucci (Felix Davison)", "Wendy Glenn (Zee)", "AJ Bowen (Crispian Davison)", "Joe Swanberg (Drake Davison)", "Margaret Laney (Kelly Davison)", "Amy Seimetz (Aimee Davison)", "Ti West (Tariq)", "Rob Moran (Paul Davison)", "Barbara Crampton (Aubrey Davison)", "L.C. Holt (Lamb Mask)", "Simon Barrett (Tiger Mask)", "Lane Hughes (Fox Mask)", "Kate Lyn Sheil (Talia)", "Larry Fessenden (Erik Harson)", "Calvin Lee Reeder (Officer Trubiano)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lucas.scott", "content": "Stereotypes exist for a reason. Without them, You're Next would have very little to work with. Luckily the film uses what would be eye-rolling moments and turns them on their heads. It had a rather nestalgic feel, while feeling fresh at the same time. Solid effects and passable acting makes this a must for any genre fan."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**A messed up family, cleaned up by an outsider!**\r\n\r\nThis kind of films is usually low rated by me. It's very rare that I find one good film and that happened to be this one. I was braced for another disappointment, then I totally got surprised when it reached half way mark. Good twist too. In fact, there are many twists in the final quarters. Not like breathtaking, but very acceptable with kind of story and characters it had.\r\n\r\nAnother home invasion film. A family reunites for the parent's wedding anniversary at their rural vacation house. Slowly all the children arrive with their life partners, and then suddenly while dining, the attack takes place. Creates full of chaos, the family does not know what to do. But one of the members' retaliation makes thing complication for the attackers. What follows after that, and how it all ends are the rest of the story.\r\n\r\nFirst of all, this is not a horror film as labelled. It is a terror. We don't have a such genre, so it comes under horror. But the best way to call it a thriller. Sharni Vinson was very good. It's because of how her role was designed. Best film so far by this filmmaker, until his upcoming big titles. A one-night-event film, and of course a limited cast. They make sequels for crap films, but this one definitely deserves one. So I'm expecting one. Thos who love this genre must see it.\r\n\r\n_8/10_"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You're Next is directed by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett. It stars Sharni Vinson, Nicholas Tucci, Wendy Glenn, A.J. Bowen and Joe Swanberg. Music is by Mads Heldtberg and cinematography by Andrew Palermo.\r\nBloody and bloody good fun!\r\n\r\nThe Davison family and partners meet up for a family reunion at a remote holiday home and quickly find that their inner issues are the least of their worries.\r\n\r\nThe splinter of horror that encompasses home invasion, that most terrifying of subject matters, has had enough filmic entries to actually fill a house! So when another one comes along with good hype and a promise of reinvigorating the formula, it's cause for horror film fans to start salivating.\r\n\r\nYou're Next doesn't reinvent anything, but it consistently and confidently keeps the formula well oiled and proves to be one of the better films of its type. The set up is standard, a big old country house in the woods, a whole bunch of likable and dislikable people, and of course some outside assailants about to unleash hell on everyone in the house. Refreshingly this is not a roll call of pretty teenagers being stalked and slashed, this is an assorted bunch, young and old, all shapes and sizes, and the family bickering that precedes the carnage is a smart move, because once family members start getting killed there's a genuine sense of grief and regret coursing through those yet to be sliced and diced.\r\n\r\nIt's nice to find that Wingard has great respect for his target audience, he's made a film for fans of the sub-genre and inserted a darkly comic streak that pays off royally. It's often very nudge nudge and wink winkery, but always in the right places. The director also proves to have a devilish eye for a murder scene, with some of the killings here high grade in blood, physicality and originality. Elsewhere the makers give us a great heroine, a truly resourceful gal that fights back with a ferocity that's both sexy and frightening, and while the revelation of why these events are happening is hardly original -\u0096 or that the back story given for our heroine's skills is just silly -\u0096 Wingard plonks it all together with such bloody verve it hardly matters.\r\n\r\nSome less than good acting from a couple of the cast, and the overuse of shaky-cam stops it from going through the roof out into the genius stratosphere, but this is a cracker of a home invasion horror and well worth a night in with the lights off and the volume tuned up loud. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [84348, 29427, 10665, 23202], "youtube_key": "ufUQWpEkbf0"}