{"tmdb_id": 83903, "title": "Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi!", "original_title": "Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi!", "slug_title": "vaah-life-ho-toh-aisi", "date": "2005-12-23", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Science-Fiction / Familial"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Aditya Singh, fondly called Adi Chachu by the children of his brother, lives in a large mansion in Mumbai with his brother, sister-in-law, sister and grandmother. He is the only one working in the family. He falls in love with a local teacher, Priya. They confess their feelings to each other and plan a wedding. However, before the wedding day Adi is run over by a truck to save Parth and dies.  In afterlife, he meets The Hindu God of Death, Yamraj, a kind-hearted, emotional deity with designer clothes and an red old car. Yamraj allows Adi to go back to Earth as a ghost to stop his evil uncle who wants to sell Adi's mansion to industrialist Hirachand. Adi enlists the aid of Shakti, a little boy, in order to save his family home.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lKQWA0SpcDufXGYeXcT4BGBhMHt.jpg", "actors": ["Sanjay Dutt (Yamraj)", "Shahid Kapoor (Aditya Verma)", "Amrita Rao (Priya)", "Arshad Warsi (Fakira B.P.C.M.)", "Prem Chopra (Aditya's Uncle)", "Ishaan Khattar (Ishaan)", "Adil Badshah (Shakti)", "Satya Manjrekar (Satya)", "Shweta Prasad (Shweta)", "Vivek Shauq (Mr. Vishal Sharma)", "Upasna Singh (Mrs. Vishal Sharma)", "Suhasini Mulay (Dadi)", "Sharat Saxena (Hirachand)", "Mohnish Behl (Sunil)", "Ektaa Bahl (Sunita)", "Rajat Bedi (Punky)", "Palak Jain (Palak)", "Tanvi Hegde (Tanvi)", "Aman Verma (Magic Show Presenter)", "Radhika Apte (Anjali)", "Smita Jaykar (Priya's Mother)", "Master Parth Dave (Parth)", "Shivangi Kale (Shivangi)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [48244, 117356, 22448, 20296], "youtube_key": "notfound"}