{"tmdb_id": 84109, "title": "Private's Progress", "original_title": "Private's Progress", "slug_title": "private-s-progress", "date": "1956-02-17", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Guerre", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sLSFCFMO771zMAjsO4wBsiT2jSg.jpg", "actors": ["Ian Carmichael (Pte. Stanley Windrush)", "Richard Attenborough (Pvt. Percival Henry Cox)", "Terry-Thomas (Major Hitchcock)", "John Le Mesurier (Psychiatrist)", "William Hartnell (Sgt. Sutton)", "Dennis Price (Brig. Bertram Tracepurcel)", "Ian Bannen (Private Horrocks)", "Peter Jones (Arthur Egan)", "Christopher Lee (Major Schultz)", "Miles Malleson (Mr. Windrush, Sr.)", "Miles Malleson (Mr. Windrush Sr.)", "Jill Adams (Prudence Greenslade)", "Victor Maddern (Private George Blake)", "Kenneth Griffith (Private Dai Jones)", "George Coulouris (Padre)", "Marianne Stone (Miss Sugden)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "What a shower you really are.\r\n\r\nUpper class toff Stanley Windrush gets called to join the Army half way thru his university eduction, keen he may be, but he really is a fish out of water.\r\n\r\nBrought to us from the greatly talented Boulting brothers, is this most adored of British comedies. It's fish out of water plot has been {and will forever be} done to death, but driving this one on is the sly digs at the British class system so evident in the Armed forces from yore. Windrush can't cut it as the officer his standing suggests he should be, so he is promptly sent down amongst the working class, and it's here that the film appeals mainly on the comedy front. Windrush is in with a group of dodgers and bluffers, the army has taken them in, but they are going to take what they can from the army in the process, legal or not! Yet it's here that Windrush learns the most about affinity, friendships and trust, where the classes being broken down provides scope for real good comedy, to which the meeting of the different classes works so well as the makers keenly prod the inside of the cheek with a sharp tongue.\r\n\r\nIan Carmichael is not the most gifted actor to have strode out for Britain, but in the right comedy role he could excel, such is the case here as he delivers the goods as the hapless Windrush. Across the cast list we have got Richard Attenborough, Dennis Price, William Hartnell, Ian Bannen and the sublime Terry-Thomas, all names that are familiar with British movie fans from the black and white period. Private's Progress is a very British picture, the humour isn't of the sledge-hammer kind, it's very subtle and very knowing. But it's a film that I'm sure will go down well with anyone who is willing to invest some good, right frame of mind, time with it.\r\n\r\nNot quite the shower Terry-Thomas would have us believe actually. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [37193, 68309, 35077, 43488]}