{"tmdb_id": 84167, "title": "About the Pink Sky", "original_title": "\u3082\u3082\u3044\u308d\u305d\u3089\u3092", "slug_title": "about-the-pink-sky", "date": "2012-01-25", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t792ZWI4DDuosJwMiOk4BGute5u.jpg", "actors": ["Ai Ikeda ()", "Ena Koshino ()", "Tsubasa Takayama ()", "Reiko Fujiwara ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Finders keepers! Is that so!!**\r\n\r\nThe modern black and white film. Probably first for me from the Japanese film. As usual I wondered why they chose it that way to make, then once watched it, actually while watching it, I realised it was so perfect tone for such narration. Because this is a teen film, but not the common one with commercial value. That does not mean it is so boring. It's still very much gives a normal cinematic experience like watching of the old film. The characters, events, all were developed constantly. So even though it ran close to two hours, thoroughly engaged that anybody can hook up with it undisturbed till the end.\r\n\r\nFirstly the cast. Like usual, I know no one. But they all were great. Especially the lead girl. The film took time in the initial stage to give the impression what kind she's, when it comes to society. She's not a self type, but always makes the decision carefully after investigating the matter. On one such situation where this tale takes place. That one day she finds a wallet on the street with big amount in it. So like a good citizen, she decides to return, but it takes a twist, then the sum ends with someone who needed it the most.\r\n\r\nThe real twist follows after that when her other two friends come to know about it. Putting her in a tight rope walk position. After all, she decides to cope and then the tale taking many unexpected paths, till coming back to where it all had started. By that time it has been a hell of a ride for her in the past few weeks. Still, she looks to make things right, and so the narration reaches its finale by revealing the remaining thing that what has to be told.\r\n\r\n> -xX] Dirty money getting dirtier. [Xx-\r\n\r\nApart from the actors, the writing and direction are the next best. I totally did not expect such story. It was youthful, as well as realistic. Kind of inspires, but only to see in this film. Because of the Japanese cultural difference from the rest of the world. For their kind of mindset, when one finds a wallet full of money, their average thinking what to do with it was completely different than most of the remaining world. So such tale possible only here. Could be I'm being a Japanophile, I might find every bit related to Japan is charming. Hence saying all these.\r\n\r\nFor such a wonderful title name, the film being a black and white is a shame. Especially in the end scene. At least that part should have been colour. You would know what it is and why I said that when you watch the film. That was not the best part of the film, yet would have been a much awesomer. Coming back to the story, not completely the best script. There were too much happened in the middle sect. Even the twist was not that surprising. As well as the sentiments.\r\n\r\nI expected the end to be as much as possible a tearjerker. But it was too realistic, and when under-developed character, plot makes into the mainstream narrative, such thing happens. I mean compromising, to end like nothing had happened. So if a few those who saw it was not satisfied, then that could be because of the way it had concluded. Not that the overall film was bad. Even though the film was long, it lacked depth on the other side.\r\n\r\nAnyway, the film was focused from one character, so they had to keep the rest of the film same way. In a way, that's how the real life happens. So, this is a good film. I did not immediately liked it either. I think it is worth a watch, but only some people would realise that. If you are a fan of drama films, then you could be one those who might enjoy it.\r\n\r\n_7/10_"}], "recommandations_id": []}