{"tmdb_id": 84204, "title": "Grabbers", "original_title": "Grabbers", "slug_title": "grabbers", "date": "2012-08-10", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Horreur / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Quelque chose d\u2019effrayant s\u2019est produit sur les c\u00f4tes d\u2019Erin Island, un calme petit village irlandais. Des p\u00eacheurs ont myst\u00e9rieusement disparu, des baleines mutil\u00e9es se sont \u00e9chou\u00e9es sur la plage. Seul un p\u00eacheur continuellement ivre a \u00e9chapp\u00e9 au danger. Les villageois vont en d\u00e9duire que la seule fa\u00e7on de survivre, c\u2019est de boire et d\u2019\u00eatre vraiment saoul.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zFiSs64gVF4mOmXCWGVJ2HKNPGK.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Coyle (Garda Ciar\u00e1n O'Shea)", "Ruth Bradley (Garda Lisa Nolan)", "Russell Tovey (Dr. Adam Smith)", "Bronagh Gallagher (Una Maher)", "David Pearse (Brian Maher)", "Lalor Roddy (Paddy Barrett)", "Clelia Murphy (Irene Murphy)", "Louis Dempsey (Tadhg Murphy)", "Miche\u00e1l O'Gruagain (Father Potts)", "Ned Dennehy (Declan Cooney)", "Roz McCutcheon (Hilda)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "A funny set on stage with a polished photography and FX which should be working great but that lacks the smart dialogues to make a good experience out of it.\r\n\r\nJust boring."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Never Mind The Graboids Here\u2019s The Grabbers.\r\n\r\nGrabbers directed by Jon Wright and written by Kevin Lehane. It stars Richard Coyle, Ruth Bradley, Russell Tovey and Lalor Roddy. Music is by Christian Henson and cinematography by Trevor Forrest.\r\n\r\nOn a remote Irish island something creature like is stirring, new Garda partners Ciaran O\u2019Shea and Lisa Nolan are about to become the island\u2019s only hope for survival\u2026\r\n\r\nGreat great fun, a play on Tremors, itself a play/homage to the creature features of the 1950s, Grabbers has all the fun schlocky staples in place, but crucially it also has its own identity. The islanders are a bunch of eccentric types and the two Garda protagonists are polar opposites but not clich\u00e9 ridden, their chemistry strong as they play off of each other for joyous rewards. The creature effects are impressive for a modestly budgeted production such as this, and the narrative contains strength through ingenuity of plot developments and a knowing sense of playing up stereotypes. Lovely photography as well! Score! 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Kenneth Axel Carlsson", "content": "Grabbers is a story set on Erin Island, near a little coastal community of good people; fishermen, workers, drunkards and policemen. One day, something enters earth's atmosphere. It (whatever it is) is clearly at home in the ocean, but also crave something else: blood... human blood. So what is more appropriate than for this... thing, to seek out the closest human community and start to cause trouble?\r\n\r\nNo more plot for you, except to say that this comedy/horror movie also contains a classic lovestory and a lot of ale! A lot of ale might be an understatement actually.\r\n\r\nYes, I said /horror, but really, there is nothing to be scared about here. This movie follows the tradition of Shaun of the Dead and The World's End, which means a few laughs, a few bad effects and some highly enjoyable characters. It is not a movie that will change anyone's lives, but within its genre, it is not so bad afterall.\r\n\r\nThis movie makes a wise decision in not overdoing the monsters. They keep it simple, which means that the effects doesn't stand out that much. Believeable? Not really, but in a comedy of this sort, they don't have to be, they just need to be well-made, and they certainly are that.\r\n\r\n_Last words... if you enjoy the flicks made by Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, you'll love this. The story is simple, the effects more so, but that is exactly what makes it work. I kinda liked it, and might even go back and watch it again some day._"}], "recommandations_id": [114606, 75761, 79896, 20606]}