{"tmdb_id": 84323, "title": "Price Check", "original_title": "Price Check", "slug_title": "price-check", "date": "2012-11-16", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Pete is a good guy who used to be cool. Once living his dream in the music industry, he now toils away in the pricing department of a failing supermarket chain to provide for his loving wife and young son. When Pete\u2019s new boss, Susan, takes over the department, her high-energy enthusiasm and unconventional ideas start to shake things up. She aims to reinvent the company while grooming Pete for the executive fast track. Making more money now than he ever hoped to in the music industry, Pete begins to wonder if this new career is just what he needs to become the man he\u2019s always wanted to be.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xpgjWwyWaf1i9eNcdfYW7bEOoWI.jpg", "actors": ["Parker Posey (Susan Felders)", "Juan Luis Acevedo (Salesman)", "Frank Amoruso (Company Board Member)", "Remy Auberjonois (Todd Kenner)", "Jayce Bartok (Bobby McCain)", "Brian Berrebbi (Matt Davis)", "Natalie Best (Clara the Bartender)", "Julia Bray (Cheryl)", "Teena Byrd (Restaurant Guest)", "Victor Cruz (Dave)", "Samrat Chakrabarti (Eddie)", "Joseph D'Onofrio (Town car driver)", "Eric Mabius (Pete Cozy)", "Annie Parisse (Sara Biltmore-Cozy)", "Xosha Roquemore (Donna)", "Amy Schumer (Lila)", "Matt Servitto (Jim Brady)", "Finn Donoghue (Henry Cozy)", "Josh Pais (Doug Cain)", "Matt Walker (Tony Gomes)", "Mylinda Hull (Daphne's Mother)", "Marceline Hugot (Mrs. Raphael)", "Faith Sandberg (Bennington's Assistant)", "Edward Herrmann (Jack Bennington)", "Stephen Kunken (Cartwright)", "Steve Park (Board Member)", "Jennifer Mudge (Janis)", "John Fugelsang (Jake)", "Cheyenne Jackson (Ernie)", "Dean Wareham (Himself)", "Britta Phillips (Herself)", "Shea Curtin (Daphne)", "Elle Donoghue (Preschool Student)", "Christopher Douros (Donald)", "Selena Mars (Lady in Silver)", "Nicholas Martorell Jr. (Syd)", "Elizabeth Masucci (Waitress)", "Leslie C. Nemet (Restaurant Guest)", "Mike O'Brien (Board Member)", "Meghan Anne Riley (Bar Patron)", "Nate Steinwachs (Patrick)", "Isaac Wilson (Preschool Boy)", "A.J. Wladyka (Preschool Student)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Middle class family, job, promotion, stress free life, and fall and rise.**\r\n\r\nI agree with the majority that this is not the best film, but not bad either. The problem with it was the slow start and slow middle part, but the final act was so good. When I was watching it, I did not think I would rate it decently. I changed my mind after seeing the final few minutes and how it all ended.\r\n\r\nThe film focused on a middle class family man who is working in a supermarket chain. But this is particularly about him and his boss. After he declined the top position in the office to lead a stress free normal life, his new boss who gets close to him for his good character. That complicates him, between office and family. When a big opportunity knocks, followed by a roadblock, what happened after that was covered in the remaining narration.\r\n\r\nBasically, the whole film was concentrated between two plus one character and occasionally supporting cast. As the poster hint, it's not Parker Posey's film, she was only part of it and a famous name among the cast. Though, actors like Amt Schumer and others are in small roles. So the performances were good, with the decent storyline. This is not a famous film, I don't think many had seen it or heard of it. It was more like a television film, the quality wise, especially for the holiday season. I Think it can be watched once with a low expectation, particularly the comedy parts.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [96600, 21119, 185515, 42869], "youtube_key": "_V1CdK6IF6g"}