{"tmdb_id": 84364, "title": "A Woman's Secret", "original_title": "A Woman's Secret", "slug_title": "a-woman-s-secret", "date": "1949-03-05", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Drame"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "A popular singer, Marian Washburn, suddenly and unexplainably loses her voice, causing a shake-up at the club where she works. Her worried but loyal piano player, Luke Jordan, helps to promote a new, younger singer, Susan Caldwell, to temporarily replace Marian. Susan finds some early acclaim but decides to leave the club after a few performances. Soon after Susan quits, she is gunned down, and Marian quickly becomes a suspect.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cNzg7E8CSF1jlHmvdJarBbCWMz0.jpg", "actors": ["Maureen O'Hara (Marian Washburn)", "Melvyn Douglas (Luke Jordan)", "Gloria Grahame (Susan Caldwell / Estrellita)", "Bill Williams (Lee Crenshaw)", "Victor Jory (Brook Matthews)", "Mary Philips (Mrs. Mary Fowler)", "Jay C. Flippen (Police Insp. Jim Fowler)", "Robert Warwick (Assistant District Attorney Roberts)", "Curt Conway (Doctor)", "Ann Shoemaker (Mrs. Matthews, Brook's Mother)", "Virginia Farmer (Mollie the Washburn Maid)", "Ellen Corby (Nurse who reads paper to Susan)", "Emory Parnell (Police Lieutenant at Desk)", "Fred Aldrich (Policeman)", "C. Bakaleinikoff (Studio Recording Session Conductor)", "Guy Beach (Policeman)", "Conrad Binyon (Tommy)", "Oliver Blake (Mr. Pierson)", "Raymond Bond (Dr. Ferris)", "Eddie Borden (Ship's Waiter)", "Tom Coleman (Policeman)", "James Conaty (Ship's Passenger)", "Bert Davidson (Radio Director)", "Marcel De La Brosse (French Baker)", "George Douglas (Policeman)", "John Goldsworthy (Harold)", "Paul Guilfoyle (Radio Program Moderator)", "Alvin Hammer (Fred)", "John Laing (WLR Radio Announcer)", "Rory Mallinson (Police Lt. Benson)", "Frank Marlowe (Reporter)", "Alphonse Martell (Algerian Waiter)", "Ralph Montgomery (News Photographer)", "Forbes Murray (Mr. Emory)", "Norman Nesbitt (Announcer)", "John Parrish (Professor Paul Camelli)", "Lee Phelps (District Attorney's Office Clerk)", "'Snub' Pollard (Stagehand)", "Scott Seaton (Show Spectator)", "Mickey Simpson (Hotel Policeman Guard)", "Charles Wagenheim (Algerian Piano Player)", "Lynn Whitney (Actress)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "She had a voice with hormones.\r\n\r\nA Woman's Secret is directed by Nicholas Ray and adapted to screenplay by Herman J. Mankiewicz from the novel \"Mortgage on Life\" written by Vicki Baum. It stars Maureen O'Hara, Melvyn Douglas, Gloria Grahame, Victor Jory and Jay C. Flippen. Music is by Friedrich Hollaender and cinematography by George E. Diskant.\r\n\r\nWhen young singer Susan Caldwell (Grahame) is shot, Marian Washburn (O'Hara) takes the blame and is promptly charged. But something isn't right and those closest to Marian decide to dig a little deeper...\r\n\r\nIf the Lord wanted you to have a bullet in you - you would have been born with one!\r\n\r\nA big mix of noir/mystery/melodrama conventions here as this RKO production ultimately holds its head just above water. The major problem that brings frustration is that the resolution just renders the whole story as sort of pointless, it does at times feel like they made it up as they went along, a jumbled collections of ideas.\r\n\r\nOn the plus side there are some choice characterisations, a flashback structure and decent tech credits on show. Story is packed with angry lawyers, sarcastic coppers and sultry dames. Some of the dialogue spouted is noir gold, particularly when coming from the mouth of Flippen's (stealing the film but sadly under used) grizzled copper, while Ray and Diskant know their noir visuals as they tone down the contrasts and utilise closed in space for the more serious scenes in the story. \r\n\r\nGrahame is full of sexual and world wise innocence, teasing away like a good un', Jory gives a show of fidgety anger, while Douglas gets the tongue in cheek role and works well as a romantic prop feeding off of O'Hara's (actually under written considering it's the lead) more sternly sexy performance. This is not essential noir for the the noir lovers, and certainly not prime stuff from noir legend Nicholas Ray. Yet it's better than its maligned reputation suggests. But only just mind you... 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [47305, 29829, 36461, 28561], "youtube_key": "_0FnArKd6E0"}