{"tmdb_id": 8512, "title": "Le diable en robe bleue", "original_title": "Devil in a Blue Dress", "slug_title": "le-diable-en-robe-bleue", "date": "1995-09-15", "genre": ["Crime / Thriller / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A Los Angeles en 1948, un v\u00e9t\u00e9ran noir de la Seconde Guerre mondiale se retrouve au ch\u00f4mage et accepte l'offre d'un Blanc, Dewitt Albright, \u00e0 la recherche d'une jeune femme qui se cache dans les quartiers noirs en compagnie d'un gangster. Easy passe la soir\u00e9e dans un bar en compagnie de Coretta, qu'il raccompagne chez elle et qui est sauvagement assassin\u00e9e apr\u00e8s son depart.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/z0Boi5LktVxDMFnpyAqQEnYfPtM.jpg", "actors": ["Denzel Washington (Ezekiel 'Easy' Rawlins)", "Tom Sizemore (DeWitt Albright)", "Jennifer Beals (Daphne Monet)", "Don Cheadle (Mouse Alexander)", "Maury Chaykin (Matthew Terell)", "Terry Kinney (Todd Carter)", "Mel Winkler (Joppy)", "Albert Hall (Degan Odell)", "Lisa Nicole Carson (Coretta James)", "Jernard Burks (Dupree Brouchard)", "David Fonteno (Junior Fornay)", "L. Scott Caldwell (Hattie Parsons)", "John Roselius (Mason)", "Beau Starr (Miller)", "Steven Randazzo (Benny Giacomo)", "Scott Lincoln (Richard McGee)", "Barry Shabaka Henley (Woodcutter)", "Nick Corello (Shariff)", "Kenny Endoso (Manny)", "Joseph Latimore (Frank Green)", "Ren\u00e9e Humphrey (Barbara)", "R.J. Knoll (Herman)", "Kai Lennox (Football)", "Poppy Montgomery (Barbara\u2019s Sister)", "Brendan Kelly (Terell\u2019s Chauffer)", "Peggy Rea (Carter\u2019s Secretary)", "Vinny Argiro (Baxter)", "Deborah Lacey (Sophie)", "Brazylia Kotere (Neighbourhood Woman)", "Jeris Poindexter (Alphonso Jenkins)", "Frank Davis (Butcher)", "Matt Berry (Cop in Car)", "Mark Cotone (Cop in Station)", "Brian E. O'Neal (John\u2019s Band / Singer)", "G. Smokey Campbell (Nightclub Owner)", "Alan Craig Schwartz (Johnny)", "Steve Sekely (Abe)", "J.D. Smith (Pool Hall Owner)", "Nigel Gibbs (Bootlegger)", "John David Washington (Boy with Toy Rifle (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Everyone was peeing on my head and telling me it's raining.\r\n\r\nDevil in a Blue Dress is written and directed by Carl Franklin, who adapts from the book written by Walter Mosley. It stars Denzel Washington, Tom Sizemore, Jennifer Beals, Don Cheadle and Maury Chaykin. Music is by Elmer Bernstein and cinematography by Tak Fujimoto.\r\n\r\nCarl Franklin had already laid down a considerable neo-noir marker with his searing 1992 thriller One False Move, here he goes more traditional but garners equally impressive results. Plot has Washington as a WW2 veteran who has lost his job and desperately needs money to keep hold of his pride and joy - his house. Taking on a job offered by shifty DeWitt Albright (Sizemore), to find a missing woman, Rawlings quickly finds himself in up to his neck in murder and deception, he must turn ace detective to save his skin.\r\n\r\nSet in late 1940s Los Angeles, what instantly stands out is the period detail. The clothes, the cars and the establishments frequented by Easy and company. With voice over narration also provided by Washington, in dry and sardonic tones, it's every inch a loving ode to the film noir movies released at the time the pic is set. There's plenty of neon signs about the place, some bad ass cops, good sex, brandy and sharp suits, smoking and coolness and of course a psychopath in the classic mould (Cheadle excellent).\r\n\r\nBut of course noir dressage is only that if you haven't got a good pot boiling plot, thankfully this has one. The story takes unexpected turns, always remaining interesting, the distinctive characterisations breathing heavy, managing to off set the run of the mill stereotypes in the supporting ranks. It can be argued that Beals as the titular femme fatale of the title is under written, but the character comes with an air of mystery that serves Franklin's atmosphere very well. Tech credits are high, something of a given with Bernstein and Fujimoto on the list, while Washington turns in another classy show of subtlety and believability.\r\n\r\nLovers of film noir should get much rewards from Devil in a Blue Dress. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [31004, 10684, 46027, 32077], "youtube_key": "50EVm04iPLk"}