{"tmdb_id": 85207, "title": "Airborne", "original_title": "Airborne", "slug_title": "airborne", "date": "2012-03-15", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "3.9/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2tw8vflnFwsnfPU1zIAIMTkZHZk.jpg", "actors": ["Craig Conway (Luke John)", "Simon Phillips (Alan Fletcher)", "Gemma Atkinson (Harriett)", "Mark Hamill (Malcolm)", "Billy Murray (Cutter)", "Allison McKenzie (Agent Millward)", "Alan Ford (Max Korgen)", "Julian Glover (George)", "Anthony Styles (Phil)", "Fiona Ryan (Rachel)", "Sebastian Street (Agent Moss)", "Rita Ramnani (Claire)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "iluvdvds", "content": "Over the decades, British Cinema has created some of the greatest, scariest and most iconic horror films of all time. From the beast that is Hammer Horror to films such as THE DESCENT, 28 DAYS LATER and SHAUN OF THE DEAD. Well, now here comes another instant classic that horror hounds are going to eat up!\r\n\r\nMade of an all star cast - most notably Mark 'Luke Skywalker' Hamill - this film blends comedy and horror superbly. Set on board a passenger airplane, things begin to turn freaky when we discover a mysterious cargo crate with the power to re-animate the dead. This film has everything and more! From zombies to foul-mouthed gangsters, a sinister criminal and a psychopathic killer on the loose...all whilst trying to fly an airplane 30,000 feet in the air! It's crazy from start to finish and has everything including the kitchen sink thrown in for good measure. \r\n\r\nThis is one heck of a fun ride that's impressively cast and directed. With a unique story which constantly keeps you guessing and subverting any predicted path you may have in mind, this is British horror at it's best. I'm sure the team behind this film will become quite a big deal in the very near future.\r\n\r\nA must have film!"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I'll watch anything that provides me with a little Craig Conway, but _Airborne_ never elevates itself above the micro-budget Brit horror movie that it is. The acting is certainly not quite so bad as might expect, but the film overall is still not something worthwhile by-and-large.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [152348, 143083, 74006, 77528]}