{"tmdb_id": 85237, "title": "Le vampire", "original_title": "The Vampire", "slug_title": "le-vampire", "date": "1957-06-01", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Un docteur tout ce qu'il ya de gentil avale par m\u00e9garde une drogue exp\u00e9rimentale faite \u00e0 partir de chauve-souris vampire et se transforme en cr\u00e9ature assoiff\u00e9e de sang.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gsvgniwtBym7lEJ89oltIunPie8.jpg", "actors": ["John Beal (Dr. Paul Beecher)", "Coleen Gray (Carol Butler)", "Kenneth Tobey (Buck Donnelly)", "Lydia Reed (Betsy Beecher)", "Dabbs Greer (Dr. Will Beaumont)", "Herb Vigran (Sgt. George Ryan)", "Hallene Hall (Mrs. Carrie Dietz)", "Paul Brinegar (Willy Warner)", "Raymond Greenleaf (Dr. Cameron, coroner)", "Ann Staunton (Marion Wilkins)", "James Griffith (Henry Winston)", "Wood Romoff (Dr. Matthew J. Campbell)", "Brad Morrow (Tommy)", "Mauritz Hugo (Joe the Waiter)", "Anne O'Neal (Marion's Cleaning Lady)", "Louise Lewis (Mrs. Miller (uncredited))", "Arthur Gardner (Anesthetist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "David Navratil", "content": "Seen this in 1957 at the movies.  I have listed this as my favorite vampire movie of all time.  Fast pace, suspenseful and makeup was good.  The scene when the vampire is chasing his nurse down the sidewalk to her house scared the heck out of me (10 yrs old then), also the scene at night in the vampire's house when his daughter is knocking on his bedroom door not knowing that he has changed and left via the window!!\r\nNot alot of special effects and most young folks now would fall asleep watching this but my favorite!!\r\nCheck it out, it's on DVD (4 movies on 1 DVD, and all movies good)!\r\n\r\nYour 1950's SF/Horror Critic, David"}], "recommandations_id": [61298, 52196, 20298, 33472]}