{"tmdb_id": 852, "title": "\u00c7a s'est pass\u00e9 en plein jour", "original_title": "Es geschah am hellichten Tag", "slug_title": "ca-s-est-passe-en-plein-jour", "date": "1958-06-09", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Suisse, canton de Berne. Une fillette de sept ans est d\u00e9couverte assassin\u00e9e apr\u00e8s avoir \u00e9t\u00e9 viol\u00e9e. C\u2019est la septi\u00e8me victime en un an. La police arr\u00eate un colporteur auquel elle extorque des aveux, sur lesquels il se r\u00e9tracte le lendemain avant de se pendre dans sa cellule. Cette erreur judiciaire r\u00e9volte un policier proche de la retraite qui d\u00e9cide de reprendre l\u2019enqu\u00eate. Celle-ci le m\u00e8ne sur une route nationale que semble emprunter r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement un suspect qui distribue aux fillettes des chocolats aux amandes en forme de ch\u00e2taignes. Sur cette route nationale, le policier loue une station service vacante et y installe une m\u00e8re et sa fillette comme app\u00e2t.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dw5zqCbaaCtKxG2pRdSK8RIqwxv.jpg", "actors": ["Heinz R\u00fchmann (Oberleutnant Matth\u00e4i)", "Sigfrit Steiner (Det. Feller)", "Siegfried Lowitz (Lt. Heinzi)", "Michel Simon (Jacquier)", "Heinrich Gretler (Polizeikommandant)", "Gert Fr\u00f6be (Schrott)", "Berta Drews (Frau Schrott)", "Ewald Balser (Prof. Manz)", "Mar\u00eda Rosa Salgado (Frau Heller)", "Anita von Ow (Annemarie Heller)", "Barbara Haller (Ursula Fehlmann)", "Emil Hegetschweiler (Gemeindepr\u00e4sident)", "Rene Magron (o.A,)", "Max Werner Lenz (o.A.)", "Hans Gaugler (Herr Moser)", "Ettore Cella (Tankstellenbesitzer)", "Margrit Winter (Frau Moser)", "Traute Carlsen (o.A.)", "Anneliese Betschart (Lehrerin)", "Max Haufler ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "There Are Such Monsters In The World.\r\n\r\nEs geschan am hellichten Tag (It Happened in Broad Daylight) is directed by Ladislao Vajda and collectively written by Vajda, Hans Jacoby and Friedrich Durrenmatt, from the Novel The Promise. It stars Heinz Ruhmann, Sigfrit Steiner, Siegfried Lowitz, Michel Simon and Gert Frobe. Music is by Bruno Canfora and cinematography is by Ernst Bolliger and Heinrich Gartner.\r\n\r\nWhen a child is found murdered in the woods, Oberleutnant Matthai (Ruhmann) promises the child\u2019s parents he will find the killer. It\u2019s a promise that weighs heavy on him, causing him to go outside of his rational thinking to hopefully lure the killer into a trap. \r\n\r\nThe source material has proved ripe for picking as regards film adaptations, latterly with a big Hollywood production directed by Sean Penn and starring Jack Nicholson (The Pledge 2001). There\u2019s a whole bunch of themes bubbling away in the story, all of which are handled superbly by the makers. At its core it\u2019s a criminal investigation fuelled by an obsession, but morality and mob justice play a big part in proceedings as well. \r\n\r\nLashings of intrigue permeate the atmosphere, as does a number of suspenseful scenes as the child killer enters the fray and we see him operating his vile schtick. The sequences of him at home, a complete milquetoast to a harpy wife, simmer away with deadly expectation, the acting superb. The psychological studies of the key characters carry considerable weighty merit, always niggling away at the audience, keeping us hooked to the very last frame.\r\n\r\nWith chills (for instance the hand puppet scenes are blood curdling), expressionistic touches and a film noir sense of the human condition gone wrong, it\u2019s a film deserving of a more wider and appreciative audience. Personally I prefer the ending that Durrenmatt rewrote as Das Versprechen (the author wasn\u2019t happy with Es geschan am hellichten Tag\u2019s resolution), and that was the ending Penn went for in The Pledge. This is not in the same class as Fritz Lang\u2019s \u201cM\u201d, but it deserves to be on the same shelf, and that is praise indeed. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10626, 1566, 119259, 71402]}