{"tmdb_id": 85350, "title": "Boyhood", "original_title": "Boyhood", "slug_title": "boyhood", "date": "2014-06-05", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Chaque ann\u00e9e, durant 12 ans, le r\u00e9alisateur Richard Linklater a r\u00e9uni les m\u00eames com\u00e9diens pour un film unique sur la famille et le temps qui passe. On y suit le jeune Mason de l\u2019\u00e2ge de six ans jusqu\u2019 \u00e0 sa majorit\u00e9, vivant avec sa s\u0153ur et sa m\u00e8re, s\u00e9par\u00e9e de son p\u00e8re. Les d\u00e9m\u00e9nagements, les amis, les rentr\u00e9es des classes, les premiers \u00e9mois, les petits riens et les grandes d\u00e9cisions qui rythment sa jeunesse et le pr\u00e9parent \u00e0 devenir adulte...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eKi4e5zXhQKs0De4xu5AAMvu376.jpg", "actors": ["Ellar Coltrane (Mason Evans Jr.)", "Patricia Arquette (Olivia)", "Ethan Hawke (Mason Evans Sr.)", "Lorelei Linklater (Samantha Evans)", "Libby Villari (Catherine)", "Marco Perella (Bill Welbrock)", "Brad Hawkins (Jim)", "Jamie Howard (Mindy Welbrock)", "Andrew Villarreal (Randy Welbrock)", "Jenni Tooley (Annie)", "Zoe Graham (Sheena)", "Charlie Sexton (Jimmy)", "Elijah Smith (Tommy)", "Steven Chester Prince (Ted)", "Bonnie Cross (Teacher)", "Sydney Orta (Elementary School Girl)", "Shane Graham (Neighborhood Friend #1)", "Tess Allen (Neighborhood Friend #2)", "Ryan Power (Paul)", "Sharee Fowler (Book Trivia Judge)", "Mark Finn (Book Release Emcee)", "Byron Jenkins (Barber)", "Holly Moore (Mason's 4th Grade Teacher)", "David Blackwell (Liquor Store Clerk)", "Barbara Chisholm (Carol)", "Matthew Martinez-Arndt (Lee)", "Cassidy Johnson (Abby)", "Cambell Westmoreland (Kenny)", "Jennifer Griffin (Mrs. Darby)", "Garry Peters (No Obama Man)", "Merrilee McCommas (Obama Mama)", "Tamara Jolaine (Tammy)", "Jordan Howard (Tony)", "Andrew Bunten (Bully 1)", "Tyler Strother (Bully 2)", "Evie Thompson (Jill)", "Savannah Welch (College Girl Singer)", "Mika Odom (Gabi)", "Sinjin Venegas (Chase)", "Nick Krause (Charlie)", "Derek Chase Hickey (Charlie's Friend)", "Angela Rawna (Professor Douglas)", "Megan Devine (Make Out Girl)", "Landon Collier (Cooper)", "Roland Ruiz (Ernesto)", "Richard Jones (Grandpa Cliff)", "Karen Jones (Nana)", "Gordon Friday (Pastor)", "Tom McTigue (Mr. Turlington)", "Sam Dillon (Nick)", "Martel Summers (Beer Pong Guy)", "David Clark (High School Band Singer)", "Jessie Tilton (April)", "Richard Robichaux (Mason's Boss)", "Will Harris (Sam's College Boyfriend)", "Indica Shaw (Hooper)", "Bruce Salmon (Guitar Player)", "Wayne Sutton (Beat Box)", "Joe Sundell (Band Member 1)", "Sean Tracey (Band Member 2)", "Ben Hodges (Band Member 3)", "Daniel Zeh (Band Member 4)", "Chris Doubek (Guy in Diner)", "Andrea Chen (Sam's Roommate)", "Mona Lee Fultz (High School Teacher)", "Maximillian McNamara (Dalton)", "Taylor Weaver (Barb)", "Jessi Mechler (Nicole)", "Bill Wise (Steve Evans)", "Alina Linklater (Twin Cousin 1)", "Charlotte Linklater (Twin Cousin 2)", "Genevieve Kinney (Woman at Party)", "Elijah Ford (Jimmy's Bandmate 1)", "Kyle Crusham (Jimmy's Bandmate 2)", "Conrad Choucroun (Jimmy's Bandmate 3)", "Deanna Brochin (College Student (uncredited))", "Stephen Latham (Late Night Restaurant Patron (uncredited))", "Heather Materne (Parent (uncredited))", "Johnny Walter (Dinner Guest (uncredited))", "Natalie Makenna (College Student (uncredited))", "Ken Edwards (Dinner Guest (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vincent", "content": "**Phenomenal**\r\n\r\nWhen you think back to _Slackers_ you remember how easy that movie flowed. How comfortably it drifted. Just go with it. Let it happen, live in the moment. Then there's the _Before trilogy_ which again seemed effortless and free-flowing yet constructed with so much care that you knew this filmmaker was not only unusual, but acutely human. That he cherished experience and learning and submitted to the eternal present, surrendering to and tinkering with fate, while tending to the perpetually immediate situation with enormous sensitivity and regard. \r\n\r\nBut nothing could prepare you for _Boyhood_. You can't overstate the fact that it's a grand free-flowing time-lapse experiment and that most of the actors--no not actors, not performers--most of the people were cast when the central figure was a very young boy, looking up at the sky, having no idea how his future would unfold. The world might be a stage but Richard Linkater is not omnipotent. As a definitive work-in-progress, a daring collaboration with fate and destiny, who could really know how the boy's script was going to turn out, and how the wide array of voices in his life would shape him as he stumbles toward adulthood? Only a true sure-footed and fluid filmmaker, an authentic disarming innovator could raise this baby with as much beauty and wisdom. Dazed and Confused? Make room for Clear and Composed.\r\n\r\nHear the lamb howl. _Boyhood_ is a daring experimental wolf wrapped in conventional wool. Needing to be shot chronologically, the linear time-line and 12-year shooting schedule called for a fresh and original approach to crafting a movie. If something went wrong during the many long gaps in production, say, if an actor suddenly became unavailable, or some drastic circumstance threatened to break the continuity of the boy and his family's life, there's no going back to re-shoot. No relying on special effects make-up or casting young and old versions of a character. The faith invested in this concept and the delicate handling of it's execution is a marvel to witness, blooming before our eyes. \r\n\r\nPatricia Arquette was growing up too. Aging faster than Ellar Coltrane, it appeared. This movie defies breaking up into a series of disjointed, episodic fragments. And Arquette stitches together an admirable and dedicated performance as the ubiquitous maternal defender who struggles to keep herself and her family from falling apart. Because of the blur between fiction and reality, between drama and documentary, and because of the way Linklater is able to nurture the process and allow his films to take on a life of their own, Arquette may not be acting on set any more than she has to in real life. A slight adjustment in perspective and this movie could have been called _Motherhood_."}, {"pseudo": "mattwilde123", "content": "Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood' is a brilliant film about life and the struggle to find meaning. It follows a family through a twelve year period as they endure situations and tackle obstacles together. The main technical aspect of the film is a very controversial and memorable one as Linklater hired his main actors and continued to follow them for twelve years thus adding to the realism of the feature adding much poignancy to the themes. The overall direction can be considered very naturalistic and simple but there are wonderful shots of natural environments such as the beautiful river that Mason and his father visit representing the beauty of life whilst underlining the insignificance of man's role in the world.\r\n\r\nThe screenplay is a touching study of the meaning of life. There is a great balance of humour and heart-rending dialogue throughout the film. At 165 minutes, the movie is a long one but the pacing was perfect and captivating that I hardly noted the film's duration. The characters each have profound dialogue in which they discuss the journey of which they (and we) are going through and question the reasoning of difficult events.\r\n\r\nThe performances in 'Boyhood' are exceptional. Mason (Ellar Coltrane) starts off as relatively inexperienced and under-developed but matures as the film progresses adding substance to his character's arch. This performance is supported by the excellent Patricia Arquette who plays the mother. Arquette manages to portray the mother perfectly as she undergoes traumatic events that shape her family's life.\r\n\r\nOverall, I feel that 'Boyhood' is a technically brilliant achievement in film-making. Not only is the process fascinating in terms of the methods used to create the film but it is also a fascinating investigation into time.\r\n\r\n\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd"}], "recommandations_id": [87492, 132344, 129670, 80], "youtube_key": "oNC3NYWh1vI"}