{"tmdb_id": 85366, "title": "Smile Jenny, You're Dead", "original_title": "Smile Jenny, You're Dead", "slug_title": "smile-jenny-you-re-dead", "date": "1974-02-03", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / T\u00e9l\u00e9film"], "score": "5.3/10", "synopsis": "Harry Orwell has been retired from the force ever since he caught a bullet that lodged inoperably in his back. But that doesn\u2019t mean the man called Harry O is out of the action. Moonlighting as a private sleuth, fighting off daily back pain and typically traveling by public bus instead of his own car (\u201cIt gives a man a chance to think\u201d), he\u2019s on the trail of the lowlife who murdered his pal\u2019s son-in-law. It won\u2019t be the only time the killer strikes before Harry closes in. David Janssen (The Fugitive) portrays dogged detective Harry in the telefilm that was the second of two pilots preceding his memorable Harry O series. Among the highlights: young Jodie Foster as Liberty, the wise-beyond-her-years homeless waif Harry befriends.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kbrvzB4lUhDj8nbN3fnFtUqe9De.jpg", "actors": ["David Janssen (Harry Orwell)", "Andrea Marcovicci (Jennifer English)", "John Anderson (Col. John Lockport)", "Jodie Foster (Liberty Cole)", "Howard Da Silva (Lt. Humphrey Kenner)", "Tim McIntire (Charley English)", "Zalman King (Roy St. John)", "Clu Gulager (Det. Milt Bosworth)", "Martin Gabel (Meade De Ruyter)", "Barbara Leigh (Mildred)", "Victor Argo (Sgt. Richard Marum)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}