{"tmdb_id": 853, "title": "Stalingrad", "original_title": "Enemy at the Gates", "slug_title": "stalingrad", "date": "2001-03-14", "genre": "Guerre / Histoire / Romance / Drame / Action", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, en septembre 1942, Hitler envisage d'envahir Stalingrad, ville cl\u00e9 de l'URSS qui le s\u00e9pare de la victoire totale sur l'Europe. Les Russes se pr\u00e9parent \u00e0 la d\u00e9fensive. Un h\u00e9ros aiderait \u00e0 motiver les troupes. Entre alors en jeu Vassili Zaitsev, un jeune tireur d'\u00e9lite de l'Arm\u00e9e Rouge. Dou\u00e9 d'une stup\u00e9fiante adresse au tir, il est remarqu\u00e9 par un commissaire au peuple, Ivan Danilov. Les deux jeunes gens deviennent amis. Ranimer la flamme de l'h\u00e9ro\u00efsme, redonner aux soldats d\u00e9cim\u00e9s la force de lutter contre l'implacable machine de guerre allemande, telle est la mission de Danilov. Celui-ci fait de Vassili le h\u00e9ros de sa propagande. Dans le camp ennemi, l'\u00e9tat-major d\u00e9p\u00eache son meilleur tireur d'\u00e9lite, le Major K\u00f6nig, pour abattre celui qui est devenu le symbole de l'indomptable r\u00e9sistance russe.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lpGs3b2G7miR5jlIbrCAqVTmVGq.jpg", "actors": ["Jude Law (Vassili Zaitsev)", "Rachel Weisz (Tania Chernova)", "Ed Harris (Major K\u00f6nig)", "Joseph Fiennes (Commisar Danilov)", "Bob Hoskins (Nikita Khrushchev)", "Ron Perlman (Koulikov)", "Eva Mattes (Mother Filipov)", "Gabriel Thomson (Sacha Filipov)", "Matthias Habich (General Paulus)", "Alexander Schwan (Young Vassili Zaitsev)", "Lenn Kudrjawizki (Comrade in Train)", "Gennadi Vengerov (Russian NCO)", "Dan van Husen (Political Officer)", "Ivan Shvedoff (Volodya)", "Sophie Rois (Ludmilla)", "Mikhail Matveev (Grandfather)", "Mario Bandi (Anton)", "Hans Martin Stier (Red Army General)", "Clemens Schick (German NCO)", "Hendrik Arnst (Fat Colonel)", "Claudius Freyer (Aide de Camp)", "Dietmar Nieder (Blond Captain)", "Bernd Lambrecht (Captain with Lighter)", "Jim Dowdall (Stubborn Feldwebel)", "Maxim Kovalevski (Politruk / Sniper)", "Peter Silbereisen (Sweating Officer)", "Markus Majowski (Stammering Officer)", "Robert Stadlober (Spotter)", "Gotthard Lange (Corpse Robber)", "Anna B\u00f6ttcher (Female Russian Typist)", "Holger Handtke (Paulus' Aide de Camp)", "Marc Bischoff (Stealing Photographer)", "Mark Zak (Russian Captain at Headquarters)", "Thomas Petruo (Russian Lieutenant)", "Dmitri Alexandrov (Comrade in Shelter)", "David Pagel (Pravda Interviewer)", "Galina Dobberstein (Izvestiya Interviewer)", "Igor Rozinsky (Krasnaya Zvezda Interviewer)", "Sergei Tokarev (Russian Reporter)", "Tom Wlaschiha (Soldier)", "Marischka Schubarth (Woman Plucking Eyebrows)", "Natalya Bondar (Woman Officer)", "Dana Cebulla (Athletic Female Sniper)", "Piotr Papierz (Politruk)", "Jarek Wozniak (Politruk)", "Genia Makarov (Politruk)", "Werner Daehn (Politruk)", "Birol \u00dcnel (Politruk)", "Grigori Kofmann (Politruk)", "Aleksei Nesterov (Politruk)", "Vladimir Vilanov (Politruk)", "Aleksei Volodin (Junior Politruk)", "Gennadi Tselbyansky (Senior Politruk)", "Andr\u00e9 Kaminski (Russian Trench Officer)", "Michael Schenk (Russian Officer)", "Jury Cooper (Russian NCO)", "Manfred Witt (Russian NCO)", "Arslan Kodirov (Chechen Sniper / Sniper / Russian Officer)", "Axel Neumann (Gaunt German Prisoner)", "Morin Smole (Sniper)", "Inna Samain (Sniper)", "Keta Burowa (Female Russian Radio Operator)", "Toby Cockerell (Russian Sharpshooter (uncredited))", "J\u00fcrgen G.H. Hoppmann (Russian railroad worker / Polish railroad worker (uncredited))", "Kay Hunsicker (Soldier (uncredited))", "Eddy Joseph (Voice on Tannoy (voice) (uncredited))", "Martin Glyn Murray (Narrator (voice) (uncredited))", "Valentin Platareanu (General Schmidt (uncredited))", "Thomas R\u00f6sicke (Russian Guard (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "War of the rats in crumbling Stalingrad during WWII\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2001 and directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud , \"Enemy at the Gates\" takes place in the last four months of 1942 during the pivotal Battle of Stalingrad. Russian troops are carted in by the literal trainloads as the Germans attack/bomb the city. Once the dust clears the situation settles into a more personal battle of sharpshooting wills. A lowly young Russian soldier named Vassili (Jude Law) distinguishes himself for his shooting skills and is promoted as a national hero to motivate the Russian cause. After numerous German officers are assassinated, Major K\u00f6nig (Ed Harris), the top German sniper, is assigned to seek out and eliminate Vassili.\r\n\r\nMost WWII films take place on the Western Front whereas \"Enemy\" is one of only two mainline films I can think of that address the Eastern front, the other being Sam Peckinpah's underrated \"Cross of Iron\" (1977).\r\n\r\nThree things stuck in my mind after seeing \u201cEnemy at the Gates\u201d years ago: (1.) The opening sequence where the Russian troops are boated across the Volga to join the fight is extremely harrowing, not far removed from the opening D-Day invasion in \u201cSaving Private Ryan\u201d (1998), but different. \u201cEnemy\u201d is worth viewing for this sequence alone. (2.) The city-in-rubble sets with bodies strewn everywhere had a lasting impression on me as did the scurrying-like-rats-through-the-rubble warfare. (3.) Some may find this weird, but I always remembered the discreet lovemaking scene while the soldiers lain in the rubble trying to sleep. I'm not sure why this left an impression, maybe because it struck me as so real: Men & women would be drawn to one another and mate even in the worst possible scenarios.\r\n\r\nThe film was based on the book \"War of the Rats\" by David L. Robbins and thus intentionally provokes the imagery of human rats scurrying through the debris. The cast also includes Joseph Fiennes as the political officer who elevates Vassili to hero status via his pamphlets and articles, while Rachel Weisz plays the romantic interest between the two. Ron Perlman is also on hand in a limited role as Vassili's sharpshooting comrade.\r\n\r\nAs with any film based on historical events there are facts-obsessed critics who decry the lack of authenticity in this or that detail (e.g. \"The zippers on the trousers aren't right, blasphemy!!\"), but \"Enemy\" gets the gist correct and, besides, it motivates the viewer to research the actual Battle of Stalingrad. What more can you ask for? \r\n\r\nThe fact is Vassili had 260 verified Nazi kills and played a key role in motivating the Russians to victory in the Battle of Stalingrad, the largest and bloodiest battle in the history of warfare (with roughly 2 million killed, wounded or captured). The movie effectively shows how the Russian combatants weren't necessarily professionally trained soldiers; many of them were peasants, workers, teachers, mailmen, farmers, etc. They knew they could die the next morning hence they celebrated (and made love) while they could. Stalingrad was one of the major turning points of World War II; from then on it was all downhill for Germany.\r\n\r\nFINAL WORD: \"Enemy at the Gates\" details an oft-ignored important aspect of WWII, the Eastern front. It has several memorable scenes, especially the opening crossing of the Volga and also a clever sequence involving a large shard of reflective glass.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 2 hours, 11 minutes and was shot entirely in Germany (Brandenburg and Bavaria).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [2024, 855, 8007, 10590]}