{"tmdb_id": 85425, "title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2004", "original_title": "WWE Royal Rumble 2004", "slug_title": "wwe-royal-rumble-2004", "date": "2004-01-25", "genre": ["Action / Drame"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Royal Rumble (2004) was the seventeenth annual Royal Rumble PPV. It was presented by Sony's PlayStation 2, took place on January 25, 2004 at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and featured talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands.  Beginning with this Royal Rumble, the winner could challenge at WrestleMania his choice of either the WWE Championship or the World Heavyweight Championship.  The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match, which featured wrestlers from both brands. The primary match on the Raw brand was a Last Man Standing match between Triple H and Shawn Michaels for the World Heavyweight Championship. The predominant match on the SmackDown! brand was Brock Lesnar versus Hardcore Holly for the WWE Championship. The featured match on the undercard was a Tables match for the World Tag Team Championship between Evolution (Ric Flair and Batista) and the Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von).", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4Sij4DfCPc3KgFRRKtVm75CcVJ4.jpg", "actors": ["Brock Lesnar (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Paul Michael L\u00e9vesque (Triple H)", "Michael Shawn Hickenbottom (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Steve Austin (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "John Cena (Stone Cold Steve Austin)", "Chris Benoit (Himself)", "Paul Wight (Big Show)", "Robert Howard (Hardcore Holly)", "Eddie Guerrero (Himself)", "Chavo Guerrero (Himself)", "Oscar Gutierrez Rubio (Rey Mysterio)", "James Howard Gibson (Jamie Noble)", "Ric Flair (Himself)", "Dave Bautista (Batista)", "Mark LoMonaco (Bubba Ray Dudley)", "Devon Hughes (D-Von Dudley)", "Randy Orton (Himself)", "Mark Henry (Himself)", "Yoshihiro Tajiri (Tajiri)", "Terrance Guido Gerin (Rhyno)", "John Charles Layfield (Bradshaw)", "Matt Hardy (Himself)", "Scott Carl Rechsteiner (Himself)", "Matt Morgan (Himself)", "Gregory Shane Helms (The Hurricane)", "Booker Huffman (Booker T)", "Glenn Thomas Jacobs (Kane)", "Matthew Hyson (Spike Dudley)", "Solofa Fatu Jr. (Rikishi)", "Ren\u00e9 Goguen (Rene Dupree)", "Matt Bloom (A-Train)", "Shelton Benjamin (Himself)", "Kurt Angle (Himself)", "Rico Constantino (Rico)", "Mick Foley (Himself)", "William Jason Reso (Christian)", "Charles Doyle Haas II (Himself)", "Monty Kip Sopp (Billy Gunn)", "Rob Van Dam (Himself)", "Bill Goldberg (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "MUhDQHOlzUc"}