{"tmdb_id": 85600, "title": "Blood Debts", "original_title": "Blood Debts", "slug_title": "blood-debts", "date": "1985-01-30", "genre": ["Thriller / Action"], "score": "3.6/10", "synopsis": "It started with the rape of his daughter then the killing of her boyfriend. He takes the law \"Death Wish\" style into his own hands and has his revenge. Branded as a vicious killer by the underworld, the syndicate blackmails him into becoming their hitman. As he gets more and more tied up in the world of drugs, prostitution and death he decides he wants out. No one gets out of the syndicate alive. It then becomes a battle for survival, him against them in a desperate act of street warfare. His life is he prize.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cJ8RpNSXJKxa1Dbf8GU8iWx9D8v.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Harrison (Mark Collins)", "Mike Monty (Bill)", "Jim Gaines (Peter)", "Ann Milhench (Liza)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Ed_Heitman", "content": "Blood Debts is a macho man ripoff of the movie Death Wish, directed by the enigmatic Teddy Page (I say enigmatic, because very little information is available on who this guy is exactly). It was handled by the notorious Silver Star Film Company, and it stars B-movie legend Richard Harrison in a non-ninja role (surprisingly).\r\n\r\nIf you're looking for a film with action-packed fights, romances, and a one-man army against all odds...then this is partially the movie for you. When there isn't a decent fight scene, there are times where it feels like the movie is taking forever to actually get somewhere. The soundtrack is pretty repetitive (there's one song in particular that has the same tunes on loop every five seconds, I kid you not). The dialogue is bad, but honestly, this is an 80's Filipino action movie. Bad dialogue is a given. \r\n\r\nAside from those complaints, I can't say it was the worst movie I've ever seen (I review bad movies for my channel, so I've seen much worse). When there IS a fight scene, it's actually fun to watch. Later on in the movie, as things escalate, there are some good gunfights. And the ending...My GOD, the ending is the greatest thing I've ever seen haha.\r\n\r\nIn conclusion, this isn't a movie to watch with your friends unless you've had a few beers and can handle the cheesiness and slow pacing. But if you manage to sit through it, it's well worth the wait. \r\n\r\nBut honestly, I'm glad I'm done reviewing this movie XD"}], "recommandations_id": [29801], "youtube_key": "notfound"}