{"tmdb_id": 85601, "title": "La Furieuse Chevauch\u00e9e", "original_title": "Tall Man Riding", "slug_title": "la-furieuse-chevauchee", "date": "1955-06-18", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "4.2/10", "synopsis": "Larry Madden est en qu\u00eate de vengeance. Il veut \u00e9vincer le propri\u00e9taire d'un ranch Tucker Ordway. Ce dernier l'aurait des ann\u00e9es plus t\u00f4t humili\u00e9 en public, et bris\u00e9 la relation de Madden avec Corinna Ordway, sa fille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qQ2cUVtZq7sTc60QgwrvEsXyw0W.jpg", "actors": ["Randolph Scott (Larry Madden)", "Dorothy Malone (Corinna Ordway)", "Peggie Castle (Reva)", "Robert Barrat (Tucker Ordway)", "William Ching (Rex Willard)", "John Baragrey (Cibo Pearlo)", "John Dehner (Ames Luddington)", "Paul Richards (Peso Kid)", "Lane Chandler (Hap Sutton)", "Mickey Simpson (Jeff Barclay)", "Charles Watts (Bartender)", "Russ Conway (Feathergill)", "Mike Ragan (Tom)", "William Fawcett (Andy)", "Joe Bassett (Will)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Warbonnet Requiem. \r\n\r\nTall Man Riding is directed by Lesley Selander and adapted to screenplay by Joseph Hoffman from the novel written by Norman A. Fox. It stars Randolph Scott, Dorothy Malone, Peggie Castle, William Ching, John Baragrey, Robert Barrat and John Dehner. Music is by Paul Sawtell and cinematography by Wilfred M. Cline.\r\n\r\nPretty routine Oater that retains watchable factors due to Randolph Scott, location photography (in Warnercolor) and some straight backed action. Larry Madden (Scott) returns to the town of Little River seeking revenge on the land baron (Barratt) who publically humiliated him with a whipping. Madden\u2019s crime was to date the man\u2019s daughter (Malone). Soon enough Madden is dealing with all sorts of problems, liars and cheats, murder, hired assassin, an ambush, prison escape, betrayal, corrupt law and of course affairs of the heart. All wrapped up in under 85 minutes.\r\n\r\nThere\u2019s some interesting characterisations about the place, but the screenplay doesn\u2019t have time to capitalise on the potential (eg: one key character is going blind but barely anything is made to add dramatic worth to this issue). Selander does a competent job of directing, but the over all feeling is that the makers were happy to settle for a \u201cB\u201d Western and just chock the play with formula staples guaranteed to please all the family looking for an unassuming afternoon at the theatre. Which on the face of it is enough for Western fans who know what they are getting with these 50s \u201cB\u201d level Oaters.\r\n\r\nWhen you got Randy Scott in square jawed antagonist mode, Dottie Malone batting her eyelids, Peggie Castle showcasing beautiful thighs that could crush walnuts, and Wilfred Cline photographing the Calif Ranch locales, well it\u2019s impossible for genre fans to hate really. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}