{"tmdb_id": 85985, "title": "Ek Tha Tiger", "original_title": "Ek Tha Tiger", "slug_title": "ek-tha-tiger", "date": "2012-08-15", "genre": "Action / Romance / Thriller", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "Un \u00e9minent scientifique est soup\u00e7onn\u00e9 d'aider le Pakistan \u00e0 fabriquer des armes. Tiger, un agent secret indien, est alors envoy\u00e9 sur place pour surveiller les activit\u00e9s du chercheur. Rapidement, il s'\u00e9prend de la concierge de ce dernier. Ensemble, ils s'embarquent alors dans un p\u00e9riple qui va les mener de Dublin au Chili, en passant par la Turquie et le Kazakhstan.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9uQwoIRJWqQ7so9gBRbbMeH9ZxH.jpg", "actors": ["Salman Khan (Tiger / Manish / Avinash Singh Rathod)", "Ranvir Shorey (Gopi)", "Katrina Kaif (Zoya)", "Roshan Seth (Anwar Jamal Kidwai)", "Girish Karnad ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Prashast", "content": "There are many spy thriller films which have been successful in entertaining the audiences, but Ek Tha tiger is the worst film of all time.\r\n\r\nFirst, I thought that it would be an entertaining movie, but it was only after watching the film that I realized that for the very first time, in case of an ACTION movie, I was wrong. The film would have been entertaining if there was something more like action. There is overdose of romantic and dramatic scenes which draws us towards tedium.\r\n\r\n The songs are good, but Due to their poor placement ,they do not look entertaining at all. Performances have been the worst on the part of each and every actor. The action scenes are just OK, but that is not enough. Something is missing.\r\n\r\nBesides, the film also falls flat in terms of a crisp editing. But I am sure that if the editors had used their scissors in the film, 90% of the film would have gone out.\r\n\r\n On the whole, Ek Tha tiger fails as a film.It is a big,big,big disappointment. Watch it if you want to be disappointed.\r\n\r\nRating: 0.5/5"}], "recommandations_id": [44425, 147405, 44977, 24827]}