{"tmdb_id": 85992, "title": "Tezz", "original_title": "\u0924\u0947\u091c\u093c", "slug_title": "tezz", "date": "2012-04-26", "genre": ["Drame / Action / Thriller"], "score": "3.7/10", "synopsis": "The story revolves around a set of Indians, fighting to get what is their own, while another set of Indians working for the Scotland Yard Police chase them hard to stop them from spreading terror. The film in entirety has been been shot in London, Birmingham and Scotland. Ajay Devgn plays the role of a businessman who is married to actress Kangana Ranaut. Anil Kapoor plays the cop. The stylist Navin Shetty said to Mid Day, \u201cDirector Priyadarshan gave me a brief on Ajay's character in Tezz saying he didn't want anything fancy but more realistic - someone who will blend with the crowd. Ajay plays a father of a child and the film is set against a grey London winter so we have give Ajay's character an earthy look. He has a moustache and faint stubble. The colours are grey, brown, rust and khaki. We have played with the cut and the colours while the fabrics used have been wool and leather with lots of scarves and headgears. The effect is simple, realistic, smart and classy.\"", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2IdROPOkM5BwF87i4olAJ7d0c2u.jpg", "actors": ["Ajay Devgn (Ajay Rehna)", "Kangana Ranaut (Nikita)", "Zayed Khan (Aadil Khan)", "Anil Kapoor (Arjun Khanna)", "Sameera Reddy (Megha)", "Boman Irani (Sanjay Raina)", "Mohanlal (Shivan Menon (Guest))", "Kevin Moore (Priest)", "Bhavna Pani (Radhika)", "Philip Martin Brown (Alan Fisher)", "Dominic Power (Jojo)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [120101, 165979, 20293, 55376], "youtube_key": "uZseJFxnsvE"}