{"tmdb_id": 85, "title": "Les Aventuriers de l'arche perdue", "original_title": "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "slug_title": "les-aventuriers-de-l-arche-perdue", "date": "1981-06-12", "genre": ["Aventure / Action"], "score": "7.9/10", "synopsis": "1936. Parti \u00e0 la recherche d'une idole sacr\u00e9e en pleine jungle p\u00e9ruvienne, l'aventurier Indiana Jones \u00e9chappe de justesse \u00e0 une embuscade tendue par son plus coriace adversaire : le Fran\u00e7ais Ren\u00e9 Belloq. Revenu \u00e0 la vie civile \u00e0 son poste de professeur universitaire d'arch\u00e9ologie, il est mandat\u00e9 par les services secrets et par son ami Marcus Brody, conservateur du National Museum de Washington, pour mettre la main sur le M\u00e9daillon de R\u00e2, en possession de son ancienne amante Marion Ravenwood, d\u00e9sormais tenanci\u00e8re d'un bar au Tibet. Cet artefact \u00e9gyptien serait en effet un premier pas sur le chemin de l'Arche d'Alliance, celle-l\u00e0 m\u00eame o\u00f9 Mo\u00efse conserva les Dix Commandements. Une pi\u00e8ce historique aux pouvoir inimaginables dont Hitler cherche \u00e0 s'emparer.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/44sKJOGP3fTm4QXBcIuqu0RkdP7.jpg", "actors": ["Harrison Ford (Indiana Jones)", "Karen Allen (Marion Ravenwood)", "Paul Freeman (Dr. Ren\u00e9 Belloq)", "John Rhys-Davies (Sallah)", "Ronald Lacey (Major Arnold Toht)", "Wolf Kahler (Colonel Dietrich)", "Anthony Higgins (Gobler)", "Denholm Elliott (Dr. Marcus Brody)", "Alfred Molina (Satipo)", "Vic Tablian (Barranca / Monkey Man)", "Don Fellows (Col. Musgrove)", "William Hootkins (Major Eaton)", "George Harris (Katanga)", "Fred Sorenson (Jock)", "Anthony Chinn (Mohan)", "Eddie Tagoe (Messenger Pirate)", "Bill Reimbold (Bureaucrat)", "Patrick Durkin (Australian Climber)", "Matthew Scurfield (2nd. Nazi)", "Malcolm Weaver (Ratty Nepalese)", "Sonny Caldinez (Mean Mongolian)", "Pat Roach (Giant Sherpa / 1st Mechanic)", "Christopher Frederick (Otto)", "Tutte Lemkow (Imam)", "Ishaq Bux (Omar)", "Kiran Shah (Abu)", "Souad Messaoudi (Fayah)", "Terry Richards (Arab Swordsman)", "Steve Hanson (German Agent)", "Frank Marshall (Pilot)", "Martin Kreidt (Young Soldier)", "John Rees (Sergeant)", "Tony Vogel (Tall Captain)", "Ted Grossman (Peruvian Porter)", "Vic Armstrong (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Peter Diamond (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Nick Gillard (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Romo Gorrara (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Rick Lester (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Rocky Taylor (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Reg Harding (German Lieutenant (uncredited))", "Harry Fielder (German (uncredited))", "Barrie Holland (Archivist (uncredited))", "Billy Horrigan (Gobler's Gunner (uncredited))", "Terry Leonard (Driver of German Truck (uncredited))", "Sergio Mioni (Driver of German Truck (uncredited))", "Dennis Muren (Nazi Spy on the Airplane (uncredited))", "Glenn Randall Jr. (Flying Wing Mechanic (uncredited))", "Michael Sheard (U-Boat Captain (uncredited))", "Frank Welker (Special Vocal Effects (voice) (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Vincent", "content": "**Trailblazers of a Lost Art**\r\n\r\nLittle wonder James Cameron and Joss Whelon movies are the biggest box-office earners. They are masters of cinematic rhetoric. The unfolding dramatic situations and controlled dialogue are meticulously contrived. Cameron could probably have potted more if it wasn't for his earnest, simplistic messages (rich bad; nature good). All three movies (_Titanic_, _Avatar_, _Avengers_) plot along comfortably then suddenly spike spectacularly.\r\n\r\nBut no one has ever laid on the cinematic charm and cajolery like Stephen Spielberg. He was by far the craftiest manipulator of action and melodrama there ever was. He was the progenitor of summer blockbusters and all-ages, all-nations spectacles. At his best he had a gift for re-living and realizing that ethereal and irresistible childhood awe.\r\n\r\nIf _Raiders of the Lost Ark_ (NOT the sequels... NO, not even the father- son one) was made today, exactly the same way, okay maybe in 3D with updated CGI, it would surely land at the top of the box-office heap. It is essentially the first comic book movie that wasn't a comic book (bespectacled mild-mannered Archaeology prof by day and globe-trotting whip-wielding action hero on sabbatical). _Raiders of the Lost Ark_ (the first and only) is arguably the greatest adventure movie ever cooked up. And we, the abject audience, servile participants of the artifice, were licking its boots. We wanted Spielberg and his Indy to rope us in, reel us into the action, and completely have their way with us. We overlooked the emotional manipulation and contrived trappings because it was a pure freaking joy to watch, a Lucas produced godsend. Harrison Ford was born to play it just as Steven was born to direct it. It's really too bad they had to brand and knock off inferior sequels that, while making oodles of money, tarnished the shine of the unsurpassed prototype.\r\n\r\nIndiana Jones was the perfect reluctant action hero on a selfless mission. A whip-snapping, truck-wrangling, swordster-gunning, Nazi- brawling adventurer who was matched only by his headstrong and sassy love interest, one pistol of a gal who could drink any man under the table. Not enough credit has been given to the great Lawrence Kasdan as the writer of this marvellous adventure. The script is as close to perfect as anybody could scribe. Even a dialogue-heavy expository scene (poisoned dates) was infused with a tense element of suspense. Yes, the story was hyper-fictional, completely contrived, shamelessly far-fetched... and altogether delightful. I wasn't expecting much when I went in to watch it back in 1981, but it had me wanting to do do back-flips on the way out. America's own Fab Four, Larry, Steve, Harrison and George, put on an action-adventure clinic.\r\n\r\nPossibly the only weak spot in the movie is the climax which had our hero and heroine tied to a stake while God, the almighty Mcguffin from the Old Testament, magically wrapped things up for them. \"Don't look\" Indy warns, with his patented crooked grin. Are you kidding? We can't possibly take out eyes off of this. With respect to lost Teddy Bears from space and anti-Nazi machinators, Raiders is Spielbergs greatest achievement. It is one of the finest films ever made, of its or any kind. It is, hands down, my desert island movie."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I think for a lot of people, Raiders is their favourite (x) movie. Be that their favourite adventure movie, favourite '80s movie, favourite Spielberg movie, whatever. None of those ring true for me, but it is my favourite Indiana Jones movie. I was a mad fiend for Temple of Doom as a kid, and I've managed to make multiple teachers put The Last Crusade on in class, so I'm quite a fan of the franchise, but Raiders is the most enjoyable to me... I've never even seen Crystal Skull... So maybe it's dishonest to say I'm a fan of the franchise... I'm a fan of the trilogy!\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [89, 87, 217, 562], "youtube_key": "X4DOyCPRlx0"}