{"tmdb_id": 861, "title": "Total Recall", "original_title": "Total Recall", "slug_title": "total-recall", "date": "1990-06-01", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "2048, Doug Quaid r\u00eave chaque nuit qu'il est sur la plan\u00e8te Mars \u00e0 la recherche de la belle Melina. Sa femme, Lori, s'efforce de dissiper ce fantasme. Doug va bient\u00f4t s'apercevoir que son r\u00eave \u00e9tait artificiel et que sa femme est une espionne charg\u00e9e de veiller \u00e0 son reconditionnement mental. Il se souvient d'un s\u00e9jour r\u00e9el sur Mars, \u00e0 l\u2019\u00e9poque o\u00f9 il \u00e9tait l'agent le plus redout\u00e9 du cruel Coohagen. Il d\u00e9cide de s'envoler sur Mars \u00e0 la recherche de son \u00e9nigmatique pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ikYpJ0AjGBNnAYFnPJDUVIOcduR.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (Douglas Quaid/Hauser)", "Sharon Stone (Lori)", "Rachel Ticotin (Melina)", "Ronny Cox (Vilos Cohaagen)", "Michael Ironside (Richter)", "Marshall Bell (George/Kuato)", "Roy Brocksmith (Dr. Edgemar)", "Ray Baker (Bob McClane)", "Rosemary Dunsmore (Dr. Lull)", "Dean Norris (Tony)", "Debbie Lee Carrington (Thumbelina)", "Lycia Naff (Mary)", "Robert Costanzo (Harry)", "Marc Alaimo (Everett)", "Michael Gregory (Rebel Lieutenant)", "Mickey Jones (Burly Miner)", "Robert Picardo (Voice of Johnnycab (voice))", "Michael Champion (Helm)", "Mel Johnson Jr. (Benny)", "David Knell (Ernie)", "Alexia Robinson (Tiffany)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Intrinsically Verhoeven, _Total Recall_ is a film from my youth that I probably shouldn't have been watching quite as early as I did, but that I still love to this day. All the practical effects, exquisite violence & nudity and provocative sci-fi themes you've come to expect from this sort of thing, but twists and turns that start just five minutes in and keep running all the way through to the end. _Total Recall_ is a must-see.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605 - Very strong appeal. A personal favourite._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Verhoeven bonkers adaptation of a P. K. Dick story. \r\n\r\nDoug Quaid keeps getting recurring dreams about a visit to Mars. In spite of his friends warnings, he decides to have a memory implanted Mars holiday. But during the implantation he remembers being a secret agent who is fighting evil Mars boss Vilos Cohaagen. Things are about to go very intergalactic bonkers indeed.\r\n\r\nTotal Recall finds director Paul Verhoeven on particularly OTT form, with the often maligned director cranking up the action and violence to the max. So then, who better to play out the carnage than the big Austrian oak himself, Arnold Schwarzenegger? It was actually Schwarzenegger who brought Verhoeven into the picture. The idea for the film had been kicking around for years, a number of director's came and went, David Cronenberg famously worked on a screenplay for a year only to have it jettisoned for being too close to the P. K. Dick short story \"We Can Remember It For You Wholesale\". The makers wanted a high energy sci-fi blockbuster, a star vehicle for Schwarzenegger, and Verhoeven was only too happy to oblige. \r\n\r\nTotal Recall is a fascinating concept as we find ourselves wondering what in fact is reality? Quaid himself is never quite sure as the film takes a delicious twist at the midpoint to further compound the confusion, but in true Verhoeven style, it all comes crashing together in a giant ball of bangs, crashes and explosions. It should be noted that the film is far removed from the cerebral essence of Dick's story, and really when one saw that Schwarzenegger was to star in a Verhoeven directed adaptation, one really should be prepared for the high octane brain dumb down that Total Recall is. Something which was beyond some highbrow critics who are still baffled by the gargantuan financial success of the film (it made over $260 million worldwide).\r\n\r\nFleshing out the cast are a stoic reliable bunch. Rachael Ticotin, Ronny Cox, Sharon Stone & Michael Ironside deliver the expected tongue in cheek professionalism. While the effects prove to be a mixture of the poor and the decent; tho it's nice to see the often lost art of model work being of a pretty high standard. All of which leaves me personally with a film that I find to be a hugely enjoyable piece of uber violent popcorn fodder. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [36955, 5548, 563, 865], "youtube_key": "2DwNb-ZGVjE"}