{"tmdb_id": 86318, "title": "Black Horse Canyon", "original_title": "Black Horse Canyon", "slug_title": "black-horse-canyon", "date": "1954-06-01", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "The story of a wild black stallion and the cowboys who set out to capture him.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/u4gk6fGbb6PEH9XybsXmnJ5XyKV.jpg", "actors": ["Joel McCrea (Del Rockwell)", "Mari Blanchard (Aldis Spain)", "Murvyn Vye (Jennings)", "Irving Bacon (Doc Spain)", "Race Gentry (Ti)", "John Pickard (Duke)", "Ewing Mitchell (Sheriff)", "Pilar Del Rey (Juanita)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Outlaw the Wonder Horse!\r\n\r\nBlack Horse Canyon is directed by Jesse Hibbs and adapted to screenplay by Geoffrey Homes and David Lang from the novel The Wild Horse written by Les Savage Junior. It stars Joel McCrea, Mari Blanchard, Race Gentry and Murvyn Vye. Music is by Joseph Gershenson and cinematography by George Robinson.\r\n\r\nAlthough the print of the film I saw was sadly old and scratchy, this is a lovely photographed Western out of Bloomquist Ranch, Douglas, Arizona. A place, it seems, that bizarrely wasn't used in any other Oaters. This along with the magnificent horse at the centre of the plot, makes this a comfortable recommendation for the B Western fan. Story is pretty mundane stuff, a group of people with different motives attempt to capture the wild black stallion for stud purposes. This ensures that we are exclusively out in the open landscapes and privy to much chasing, lassoing, bucking and snorting. There's a bubbling under the surface love triangle, which we know how it's going to end up, and a good fist-fight crowns the proceedings. Gentry and Blanchard are weak, while Vye's villain is barely realised, but McCrea turns in yet another solid and knowing performance. All the cast, you sense, understand that Outlaw the horse is the star of the show. And rightly so. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}