{"tmdb_id": 8643, "title": "L'Exorcisme d'Emily Rose", "original_title": "The Exorcism of Emily Rose", "slug_title": "l-exorcisme-d-emily-rose", "date": "2005-09-09", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Horreur / Thriller", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Emily Rose quitte sa province, c'est pour aller \u00e9tudier \u00e0 l'universit\u00e9. Une nuit, seule dans sa chambre d'\u00e9tudiante, elle est la proie d'hallucinations et d'une rencontre surnaturelle qui la laissera \u00e9pouvant\u00e9e. Convaincue qu'elle est harcel\u00e9e par les forces d\u00e9moniaques, Emily sombre peu \u00e0 peu, victime de sympt\u00f4mes de plus en plus spectaculaires. Perdue et terrifi\u00e9e, Emily demande au pr\u00eatre de sa paroisse, le p\u00e8re Richard Moore, de l'exorciser...Au terme du combat contre sa possession, la jeune fille trouve la mort. Accus\u00e9 d'homicide par imprudence, le p\u00e8re Moore se retrouve au coeur d'un proc\u00e8s qui va \u00e9branler les convictions de tous. D\u00e9fendu par Erin Bruner, une c\u00e9l\u00e8bre avocate qui ne croit pas au surnaturel, Moore n'a plus l'ambition d'\u00eatre innocent\u00e9, il veut simplement que tout le monde sache ce qui est r\u00e9ellement arriv\u00e9 \u00e0 Emily...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r3g2aTJOdxoaDZhBQz0bGek8hNO.jpg", "actors": ["Laura Linney (Erin Bruner)", "Tom Wilkinson (Father Moore)", "Campbell Scott (Ethan Thomas)", "Jennifer Carpenter (Emily Rose)", "Kenneth Welsh (Dr. Mueller)", "Mary Beth Hurt (Judge Brewster)", "Colm Feore (Karl Gunderson)", "Henry Czerny (Dr. Briggs)", "Shohreh Aghdashloo (Dr. Adani)", "Duncan Fraser (Dr. Cartwright)", "Mary Black (Dr. Vogel)", "Julian Christopher (District Attorney)", "Terence Kelly (Medical Examiner)", "Katie Keating (Alice)", "Marilyn Norry (Maria Rose)", "Taylor Hill (Emily's Sister #3)", "John Innes (University Professor)", "Iris Graham (Emily's Sister #2)", "Andrew Wheeler (Nathaniel Rose)", "JR Bourne (Ray)", "Joshua Close (Jason)", "Aaron Douglas (Asst. DA #1)", "George Gordon (Karl's Crony #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "slayrrr666", "content": "During the trial for his events, a lawyer tries to help her client, a priest, seek the truth about what happened to the young woman who died under his care while performing an exorcism to cure her of a demonic possession and eventually lets the truth about it be known.\r\n\r\nThis wasn't anywhere as bad as it could've been. The film is really split into two halves here with this one being basically helped greatly by its really good possession and shock scenes. The opening scene that sets her up to becoming possessed is one of it's best sequences, as the long hallway and the unearthly voices floating around give it an unearthly feel while the first scene in the classroom where she sees a demonic face appearing in the window through a cloud of mist and turns around to see a student's face turn into a distorted demon's face giving off an unearthly roar makes it quite shocking. Running out into the rain and seeing more demonic faces give off the same unearthly roar is a bit clich\u00e9d, but it still helps to sell the mood while the finale in the church giving this a quite creepy conclusion. The different manners of how she\u2019s become afflicted are quite memorable moments with the frenzied bug-eating, speaking in tongues or just contorting her body into such impossible positions that it really becomes obvious something is wrong with her, and the long, suspenseful and chilling exorcism is the film's selling point, coming off with any number of creepy ideas and scenes in such a drawn-out style is one of the best scenes in the film. Otherwise, beyond the shocks and the exorcism, there isn't much else to like about it. Therefore, everything else in it doesn't really work which is only relegated to the courtroom battle drama. It's marketed as being a supernatural possession film, and the best moments come from those scenes, but the fact that the majority of the film is a courtroom battle with the supernatural elements coming in the form of flashbacks is a real misstep and is likely to confuse those coming in expecting the other kind of film. It's not that they're boring or anything, it's just that it's out of nowhere that it becomes that way, and it can be a disappointment. The fact that these are slow and really long don't help matters, extending this out far longer than it should. This could've easily been an hour and a half, or maybe a little longer, but the two hours running time forces it to keep the courtroom antics going for no reason other than to extend the running time. A few extraneous scenes could've been snipped as well, including the introductory scenes at the bar that repeat information we already know and also keep the running time going, and most of the time simply elicit a feeling of wanting to move along and get to the good scenes. These really harm the film.\r\n\r\nRated PG-13: Language, Mild Violence and intense demonic and spiritual themes."}], "recommandations_id": [38358, 1970, 10065, 9913]}