{"tmdb_id": 865, "title": "Running Man", "original_title": "The Running Man", "slug_title": "running-man", "date": "1987-11-13", "genre": ["Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Los Angeles, 2019 : les USA sont sous la coupe d'une dictature qui a r\u00e9duit les libert\u00e9s publiques \u00e0 n\u00e9ant et qui, gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 des programmes t\u00e9l\u00e9vis\u00e9s bassement d\u00e9magogiques, parvient \u00e0 conditionner le comportement populaire. Le jeu-vedette, suivi avec passion par le pays entier, s'appelle \u00ab The Running Man \u00bb.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ni5PkWh3J3Zx4pVk5JYGTywZDqW.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (Ben Richards)", "Richard Dawson (Damon Killian)", "Mar\u00eda Conchita Alonso (Amber Mendez)", "Yaphet Kotto (William Laughlin)", "Jim Brown (Fireball)", "Jesse Ventura (Captain Freedom)", "Erland van Lidth (Dynamo)", "Marvin J. McIntyre (Harold Weiss)", "Gus Rethwisch (Buzzsaw)", "Professor Toru Tanaka (Subzero)", "Mick Fleetwood (Mic)", "Franco Columbu (911 Security Officer)", "Sven-Ole Thorsen (Sven)", "Dweezil Zappa (Stevie)", "Karen Leigh Hopkins (Brenda)", "Edward Bunker (Lenny)", "Lin Shaye (Propaganda Officer)", "Anthony Pena (Valdez)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I'm not into politics. I'm into survival.\r\n\r\nThe Running Man is directed by Paul Michael Glaser and adapted from the Stephen King (as Richard Bachman) story by Steven E. de Souza. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Maria Conchita Alonso, Richard Dawson, Yaphet Kotto, Jim Brown, Jesse Ventura, Erland van Lidth, Marvin J. McIntyre, Gus Rethwisch, Professor Toru Tanaka and Mick Fleetwood. Music is by Harold Faltermeyer and cinematography by Thomas Del Ruth.\r\n\r\nIt may be packed with cheese and is as nutty as a squirrel's sandwich, but this is one astutely entertaining futuristic slice of sci-fi pie. Schwarzenegger becomes a reluctant contestant in the most popular TV show of the time, The Running Man. It's a sadistic show where convicts are thrust into a zonal world and have to avoid an array of stalking killers. Cue lots of outrageous violence, equally outrageous costumes, and of course with Arnold in the lead there's plenty of dialogue zingers. The caustic observation of how television programmes have evolved is potently portentous, and it's all played out to an industrial 80s score from Faltermeyer.\r\n\r\nIt helps if you know what you are going to get from it, since it's a typical Schwarzenegger movie from the fruity chaotic popcorn era in the 80s. So with that in mind, for A.S. fans this is one to gorge on with glee - for others it may not have the charm offensive required to strike a chord.  7/10\r\n"}], "recommandations_id": [9268, 10999, 9604, 9946], "youtube_key": "CpB6AJqjxvs"}