{"tmdb_id": 86726, "title": "Under the Boardwalk: The Monopoly Story", "original_title": "Under the Boardwalk: The Monopoly Story", "slug_title": "under-the-boardwalk-the-monopoly-story", "date": "2011-03-04", "genre": ["Documentaire / Histoire"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "The 2010 documentary Under the Boardwalk: The MONOPOLY Story, covering the history and players of the game, won an Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2010 Anaheim International Film Festival. The film played theatrically in the US beginning in March 2011 and will be released on Amazon &amp; iTunes on February 14, 2012. The film is narrated by Zachary Levi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5CODkCavOFvGPNSIdj6xCDu19EB.jpg", "actors": ["Zachary Levi (Narrator)", "Philip Orbanes (himself)", "Ken Koury (himself)", "Matthew McNally (himself)", "Richard Marinaccio (himself)", "Tim Vandenberg (himself)", "Domenic Murgo (himself)", "Dale Crabtree (himself)", "Hank Azaria (himself)", "Anne Archer (Dr. Caroline 'Cathy' Ryan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "cbiwww", "content": "This film should appeal to everyone. For history buffs, the largely unknown but amazing early history of Monopoly is uncovered. For gamer types, the latest round of national championships around the world and the World Championship in Las Vegas add the right amount of suspense. For pop culturists, the game's many icons and famous sayings are surveyed through great movie and tv show clips. And for those wanting to win when they play Monopoly, the included strategy tips are sure to help. Seems like great fun for everybody!"}], "recommandations_id": [297555, 286938, 29071, 52745], "youtube_key": "lA7OYnxeNJE"}