{"tmdb_id": 86744, "title": "House of the Living Dead", "original_title": "House of the Living Dead", "slug_title": "house-of-the-living-dead", "date": "1974-08-12", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Horreur", "score": "4.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3f8AqWNXWPUBqeWrOATiwq6Lv78.jpg", "actors": ["Mark Burns (Sir Michael Brattling / Dr. Breckinridge Brattling)", "Shirley Anne Field (Mary Anne Carew)", "David Oxley (Dr. Collinson)", "Margaret Inglis (Lady Brattling)", "Dia Sydow (Lina)", "Lynne Maree (Annie)", "Bill Flynn (Simeon)", "William Baird Clark (Capt. Turner)", "Ronald France (Col. Pringle)", "Don Furnival (Brand)", "Pieter Geldenhuys (Shoemaker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Right off the bat, I previously had no idea that South Africa made any horror films, so, simply in that, I learned something.\r\n\r\nOver a long career (1968-99), this was one of only three cinematic works that director Austin made (all in the early 70's)--usually he did TV work--and in fact, production value-wise, it seemed like made-for-TV fare. Basically a vineyard/plantation with black, witchcraft-practicing slaves, and the owner harbouring a dark secret: A genius twin brother, who was discredited in the medical community to begin with, and then, since an almost-fatal brain injury suffered in an accident a year ago, basically insane and confined to the mansion's attic.\r\n\r\nIt was decently made and, as late-night fare, perfectly acceptable. It could have been made a lot better in more capable hands. The underlying ideas were very interesting, though only decently carried out, and the climax was completely predictable, though no less enjoyable. I got my copy very cheaply, in Mill Creek's 50-pack 'Nightmare Worlds', and it's watchable, no better, no less."}], "recommandations_id": []}