{"tmdb_id": 8676, "title": "L'Amour de l'or", "original_title": "Fool's Gold", "slug_title": "l-amour-de-l-or", "date": "2008-02-07", "genre": ["Romance / Com\u00e9die / Aventure"], "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "Ben Finnigan est un ancien surfer qui consacre d\u00e9sormais l'essentiel de son temps \u00e0 la chasse aux tr\u00e9sors sous-marins. Depuis huit ans, ce flegmatique aventurier r\u00eave de d\u00e9couvrir la l\u00e9gendaire \"Dote Royale\" - 40 coffres renfermant d'inestimables tr\u00e9sors qui coul\u00e8rent en 1715 au large des Cara\u00efbes. \"Finn\" a tout sacrifi\u00e9 \u00e0 cette obsession, notamment son mariage avec la belle Tess et son antique rafiot, le \"Booty Calls\", coul\u00e9 corps et biens. Plus urgent et plus inqui\u00e9tant : il doit un paquet de dollars au gangster Bigg Bunny, individu peu recommandable et bien d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer son investissement.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/a7tdONvVEUVaQINVLEJ6QwuFOFz.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew McConaughey (Ben 'Finn' Finnegan)", "Kate Hudson (Tess Finnegan)", "Donald Sutherland (Nigel Honeycutt)", "Ewen Bremner (Alfonz)", "Alexis Dziena (Gemma Honeycutt)", "Kevin Hart (Bigg Bunny)", "Ray Winstone (Moe Fitch)", "Brian Hooks (Curtis)", "Malcolm-Jamal Warner (Cordell)", "Adam LeFevre (Gary)", "Michael Mulheren (Eddie)", "David Roberts (Cyrus)", "Rohan Nichol (Stefan)", "Roger Sciberras (Andras)", "Elizabeth Connolly (Precious Gem Crew Nurse)", "Harli Ames (Precious Gem Crew Member 1)", "Tom O'Sullivan (Precious Gem Crew Member 2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Fun island thriller, but a little too long***  \r\n\r\nReleased in 2008, \"Fool's Gold\" stars Matthew McConaughey & Kate Hudson as a couple on the verge of divorce in the Bahamas, the former a treasure-seeker. Donald Sutherland plays Hudson's new rich boss and Alexis Dziena his bimbo-ish daughter. Ray Winstone and Kevin Hart also factor in as potential villains.\r\n\r\nIf you can imagine serious island-thrillers like \"The Deep\" and the two \"Into the Blue\" flicks mixed with a heavy dose of comedy and cartoonish action you'd have a good idea of \"Fool's Gold.\" It's basically \"The Goonies\" as adults in the Bahamas. \r\n\r\nKate and McConaughey look great and are great together, and everyone else is likable, even the villains (sort of). The problem is the movie is too long at 1 hour, 52 minutes. A silly, fun film like should limit the runtime to around 85-100 minutes.\r\n\r\nThe story takes place in (or near) the Bahamas, but the film was shot on the east coast of Queensland, and you can tell. The coast of Queensland is gorgeous but it lacks the lushness of the Caribbean. Regardless, the film is worth watching just for the locations, especially on a cloudy fall day or a cold winter night.\r\n\r\nSo this is a fun island flick with romance, treasure-hunting and adventure, but it\u2019s a little too long for such goofy antics. For the real deal in oceanic thrillers check out 2009's \"Into the Blue 2: The Reef,\" which IMHO is way better than the original \"Into the Blue\" from 2005. \r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [7364, 6877, 1819, 12556], "youtube_key": "7HaZ2M9aTnc"}