{"tmdb_id": 8681, "title": "Taken", "original_title": "Taken", "slug_title": "taken", "date": "2008-02-18", "genre": "Action / Thriller", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Que peut-on imaginer de pire pour un p\u00e8re que d'assister impuissant \u00e0 l'enl\u00e8vement de sa fille via un t\u00e9l\u00e9phone portable ? C'est le cauchemar v\u00e9cu par Bryan, ancien agent des services secrets am\u00e9ricains, qui n'a que quelques heures pour arracher Kim des mains d'un redoutable gang sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans la traite des femmes. Premier probl\u00e8me \u00e0 r\u00e9soudre : il est \u00e0 Los Angeles, elle vient de se faire enlever \u00e0 Paris.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g7CTgmP6Jr7FwVDg65I9RqVeqIz.jpg", "actors": ["Liam Neeson (Bryan Mills)", "Famke Janssen (Lenore St John)", "Maggie Grace (Kim Mills)", "Leland Orser (Sam Gilroy)", "Jon Gries (Mark Casey)", "David Warshofsky (Bernie Harris)", "Katie Cassidy (Amanda)", "Holly Valance (Sheerah)", "Xander Berkeley (Stuart  St John)", "Olivier Rabourdin (Jean-Claude Pitrel)", "G\u00e9rard Watkins (Patrice Saint-Clair)", "Arben Bajraktaraj (Marko Hoxha)", "Camille Japy (Isabelle Pitrel)", "Radivoje Bukvi\u0107 (Anton)", "Michel Flash (Gio)", "Nicolas Giraud (Peter)", "Rubens Hyka (Leka)", "Valentin Kalaj (Vinz)", "Goran Kosti\u0107 (Gregor)", "Christophe Kourotchkine (Gilles)", "Jalil Naciri (Ali)", "Anca Radici (Ingrid)", "Nathan Rippy (Victor)", "Tommy Spahija (Nezir)", "Anatole Taubman (Dardan)", "Opender Singh (Singh)", "Marc Amyot (Pharmacist)", "Mathieu Busson (Undercover Agent)", "Fani Kolarova (Prostitute)", "Edwin Kr\u00fcger (Jean-Claude's Assistant)", "H\u00e9l\u00e9na Soubeyrand (Girl with the Jacket)", "Bertrand Treuil (Taxi Driver)", "Christy Reese (Paper Shop Clerk)", "George Hertzberg (Security Stuart's Mansion)", "Nabil Massad (Sheik Raman)", "Ivette Gonz\u00e1lez (Maid)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "GeekMasher", "content": "One of my best films of all time. Apart from they made a second one, this a great movie! Liam Neeson trying to save this daughter, in France, from being sold to the highest bidder. An action packed film with good acting and great fight scenes."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a very good action/thriller flick. It currently holds a 7.9 rating at IMDb which it certainly deserves. The few people giving this a 1 or 2 star rating must be disgruntled French people who do not like to see the French government officials portrayed as corrupt bastards (which they often are anyway).\r\n\r\nI generally like Liam Neeson so the fact that he is in the movie kind of got the movie off to a good start already. In this movie he plays a real badass, I-kick-the-shit-out-of-anyone-standing-in-my-way, former CIA agent hunting down the despicable low-life that kidnapped his daughter. I really, really liked the role he played in this movie. He makes characters like Bourne look like wussy. Even I was surprised when he actually shot the wife of the corrupt French government bastard to get him to talk. That was just awesome.\r\n\r\nThe movie is pretty much action all the way. Well, it starts off laying the groundwork for the story and here Liam Neeson is indeed playing a fairly timid father that seems to be a bit out of his depth. Once he gets thrown into his right element he quickly casts of the sheep's fur and reveals the wolf (sabre-toothed) underneath.\r\n\r\nThis is really a textbook action/thriller movie. A very enjoyable hour and a half indeed."}, {"pseudo": "kineticandroid", "content": "Daddy knows best \u2014 especially when it comes to a mostly untrustworthy cast of Europeans \u2014\u00a0in this action film. Liam Neeson's performance elevated this from being forgettable. Otherwise, I kind of didn't care."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Probably not good enough to have started the Revenge-Renaissance that it somehow did, but still a pretty entertaining time. _Taken_ does hit a lot of clich\u00e9s though, and I mean, it starts hitting them right away. We're literally only minutes into the film before we find out that Neeson's lead character is divorced, and his wife has re-married to a decent, rich provider, but one who's bookish and could never take him in a fight, and that the present he got for his daughter is for an interest that she no longer has. But once we get into the action proper, it's pretty great.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [82675, 2502, 2501, 260346]}