{"tmdb_id": 86829, "title": "Inside Llewyn Davis", "original_title": "Inside Llewyn Davis", "slug_title": "inside-llewyn-davis", "date": "2013-10-13", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Inside Llewyn Davis raconte une semaine de la vie d'un jeune chanteur de folk dans l'univers musical de Greenwich Village en 1961.  Llewyn Davis est \u00e0 la crois\u00e9e des chemins. Alors qu'un hiver rigoureux s\u00e9vit sur New York, le jeune homme, sa guitare \u00e0 la main, lutte pour gagner sa vie comme musicien et affronte des obstacles qui semblent insurmontables, \u00e0 commencer par ceux qu'il se cr\u00e9e lui-m\u00eame. Il ne survit que gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'aide que lui apportent des amis ou des inconnus, en acceptant n'importe quel petit boulot. Des caf\u00e9s du Village \u00e0 un club d\u00e9sert de Chicago, ses m\u00e9saventures le conduisent jusqu'\u00e0 une audition pour le g\u00e9ant de la musique Bud Grossman, avant de retourner l\u00e0 d'o\u00f9 il vient.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mRYOb0fgxj3o03u5y62YPhAunby.jpg", "actors": ["Oscar Isaac (Llewyn Davis)", "Carey Mulligan (Jean Berkey)", "John Goodman (Roland Turner)", "Garrett Hedlund (Johnny Five)", "Justin Timberlake (Jim Berkey)", "Adam Driver (Al Cody)", "F. Murray Abraham (Bud Grossman)", "Robin Bartlett (Lillian)", "Max Casella (Pappi)", "Jerry Grayson (Mel)", "Ethan Phillips (Mitch)", "Jeanine Serralles (Joy)", "Stark Sands (Troy Nelson)", "Alex Karpovsky (Marty Green)", "Benjamin Pike (Young Bob)", "Jake Ryan (Danny)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "kineticandroid", "content": "At first, I strongly identified with Llewyn Davis' struggles \u2014 I think you'd be hard pressed to find a musician who doesn't \u2014 but by the film's end, I realize not only how many of those struggles are self-inflicted, I feel as if Llewyn is going to cycle through them many more times before things pick up or bottom out. Musically, Llewyn comes across as scrappy and soulful. He's just the person I'd want singing those sad, world-weary folk songs, at least compared to the cleaner- cut performers he meets throughout the film. And yet, that soul seems to come from tragedies (the suicide of his one-time musical partner) and anxieties (the relationships with family and former lovers) he's too stubborn or poor of spirit to work through properly. He keeps floating by thanks to some enablers. Couches are continually offered for him to sleep on, even after Llewyn insults their owners. A club owner still books him as a performer, even after he is forcibly removed from the club for heckling other performers. It's hard realizing you're in a vicious cycle while you're still inside of it, trying to keep your head above water. It's even harder when connecting with people is as difficult as it is for Llewyn. I feel like the Coen brothers understand that, take it seriously, and yet, from that, created something that made me laugh and engrossed me."}], "recommandations_id": [12573, 68722, 129670, 171274], "youtube_key": "Bmr8RMNJQaQ"}