{"tmdb_id": 86838, "title": "7 Psychopathes", "original_title": "Seven Psychopaths", "slug_title": "7-psychopathes", "date": "2012-09-07", "genre": "Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Marty est un sc\u00e9nariste hollywoodien en panne d\u2019inspiration. Confront\u00e9 \u00e0 l\u2019angoisse de la page blanche, il peine \u00e0 \u00e9crire son nouveau projet de film au titre prometteur : \"7 Psychopathes\". Son meilleur ami Billy, com\u00e9dien rat\u00e9 et kidnappeur de chiens \u00e0 ses heures, d\u00e9cide de l\u2019aider en mettant sur sa route de v\u00e9ritables criminels. Un gangster obs\u00e9d\u00e9 par l\u2019id\u00e9e de retrouver son Shih Tzu ador\u00e9, un myst\u00e9rieux tueur masqu\u00e9, un serial-killer \u00e0 la retraite et d\u2019autres psychopathes du m\u00eame acabit vont alors tr\u00e8s vite prouver \u00e0 Marty que la r\u00e9alit\u00e9 peut largement d\u00e9passer la fiction\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mpubz3kVnTsxVe5i4OLyAqX03QP.jpg", "actors": ["Colin Farrell (Marty Faranan)", "Sam Rockwell (Billy Bickle)", "Woody Harrelson (Charlie Costello)", "Christopher Walken (Hans Kieslowski)", "Tom Waits (Zachariah Rigby)", "Abbie Cornish (Kaya)", "Olga Kurylenko (Angela)", "Zeljko Ivanek (Paolo)", "Michael Pitt (Larry)", "Michael Stuhlbarg (Tommy)", "Linda Bright Clay (Myra Kieslowski)", "Joseph Lyle Taylor (Al)", "Kevin Corrigan (Dennis)", "Gabourey Sidibe (Sharice)", "Amanda Warren (Maggie)", "Helena Mattsson (Blonde Lady)", "Harry Dean Stanton (Man in Hat)", "James Landry H\u00e9bert (Killer (as James Hebert))", "Christopher Gehrman (Cellmate)", "Christian Barillas (Catholic Priest)", "Long Nguyen (Vietnamese Priest)", "Christine Marzano (The Hooker)", "Frank Alvarez (Hispanic Guy)", "Brendan Sexton III (Young Zachariah)", "John Bishop (The Butcher)", "Richard Wharton (The Hippy)", "Johnny Bolton (Barman)", "Ronnie Gene Blevins (First Cop (as Ronnie Blevins))", "Tai Chan Ngo (Fellow Monk)", "Bonny (Bonny)", "Samantha Cutaran (Receptionist (uncredited))", "Kiran Deol (Doctor (uncredited))", "Patrick O'Connor (Judge (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**The following is a long form review that I originally wrote in 2012.**\r\n\r\nThe movie is incredibly convoluted, so it's hard to know what to say that definitely won't end up being a spoiler, so maybe it would be better if I just stuck to talking about the actors, as it's a crazy bunch of them for McDonagh to bring together.\r\n\r\nDon't believe the trailer, and certainly don't believe the posters. _Seven Psychopaths_ has nothing to do with either of them.\r\n\r\nOlga Kurylenko (_Max Payne, Quantum of Solace_) is shamefully under-used, but at least Martin McDonagh acknowledges that his film's female characters are not a focus point, and their weakness is his own failing (in a rather surreal way). I've adored her ever since I first saw her in _Hitman_, and was absolutely blown away by her _Centurion_ performance. Though she does practically nothing here, it's always fantastic to see her get more work (particularly in such a great film).\r\n\r\nWoody Harrelson (_Natural Born Killers_, _Defendor_) has also been one I've kept my eye on for some time now. He's a believable psychopath, a strong actor, a funny dude and he has great presence. I've yet to be annoyed by him. Ever.\r\n\r\nSam Rockwell (_Choke, Iron Man 2_) has only recently gained my appreciation, but fuck is he great. I'd seen him and loved him in so many things before, but I never drew the connection. Now in _Seven Psychopaths_, I feel he has his strongest role to date, moreover, he is certainly the greatest character of the film.\r\n\r\nAbbie Cornish (_Limitless, Sucker Punch_) is Australian. I'm Australian. So there's that... No, she's great, I just never really locked her in as a favourite like I do with so many others. Again, in _Seven Psychopaths_, that's not fault of her own. The script allows little room for women, which is unfortunate, but well handled. She gets much more screen time that Olga Kurylenko, but it would still have been good to get more of her.\r\n\r\nChristopher Walken (_Pulp Fiction, Sleepy Hollow_) is the sort of guy that I'd watch a movie just 'cause he's in it, and I don't even know why.\r\n\r\nCollin Farrell (_In Bruges, Fright Night_) meshes with me spectacularly poorly. It's hardly like I hate the guy or anything. He's a perfectly adequate actor with a great accent, I guess I just never got the hype. He manages to be the star of _Seven Psychopaths_, but have the show stolen out from under him by pretty much everyone else on screen.\r\n\r\nIt's rare that I give a film a rating of 80% or more, so if that means anything to you at all, then I implore thee, go watch _Seven Psychopaths_, it's well worth the price.\r\n\r\n84%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [8321, 64689, 13809, 5236]}