{"tmdb_id": 86834, "title": "No\u00e9", "original_title": "Noah", "slug_title": "noe", "date": "2014-03-07", "genre": "Drame / Aventure", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "No\u00e9, un p\u00e8re de famille, re\u00e7oit un message de Dieu au cours d'un r\u00eave : la Terre s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 subir un d\u00e9luge apocalyptique, car l'homme a corrompu le monde \u00e0 force de violence et d'avidit\u00e9. Il part alors avec sa femme et ses enfants sur le mont Ararat et entreprend la construction d'une arche monumentale pour mettre \u00e0 l'abri toutes les esp\u00e8ces existantes de l'humanit\u00e9, sauver les innocents et pr\u00e9server la vie sur Terre. Il accomplit ainsi son destin hors du commun. Mais il se heurte \u00e0 un seigneur de la guerre qui cherche \u00e0 r\u00e9gner sur ce monde d\u00e9vast\u00e9, et qui lance une arm\u00e9e enti\u00e8re contre lui...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r3fbM3sFE3ixVvFRqFzyWHpVlY3.jpg", "actors": ["Russell Crowe (Noah)", "Jennifer Connelly (Naameh)", "Emma Watson (Ila)", "Logan Lerman (Ham)", "Anthony Hopkins (Methuselah)", "Ray Winstone (Tubal Cain)", "Kevin Durand (Og)", "Ariane Rinehart (Eve)", "Douglas Booth (Shem)", "Marton Csokas (Lamech)", "Dakota Goyo (Young Noah)", "Barry Sloane (Poacher Leader)", "Sami Gayle (Sami)", "Mark Margolis (Magog (voice))", "Nick Nolte (Samyaza (voice))", "Madison Davenport (Na'el)", "Finn Wittrock (Young Tubal Cain)", "Arnoddur Magnus Danks (Laughing Poacher)", "Gavin Casalegno (Young Shem)", "Jack Angel (Rock (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "Let me make it clear from the beginning, I do not care if a movie like this is 100% true to the bible and I could not care less about the creationist fanatics moaning about how this and that movie is telling the wrong story or is distorting their religion. But this attempt to re-tell the story is just bad.\r\n\r\nThe first half of the movie is not all bad. It is actually somewhat enjoyable. The dark scenery is sometimes depressing and beautiful at the same time. I did like the watchers. It added a bit of extra to the movie and the fight when Tubal-Cain tried to capture the ark was not bad at all.\r\n\r\nHowever, then it went downhill quickly with Noah going more and more nuts and Tubal-Cain, having survived, is subverting Noah\u2019s son Ham. Not that Noah did not really bring that upon himself to some extent though. The parts where Noah want to kill his grandchildren and stops in the last minute is just Hollywood soap-opera bullshit. Also, do not get me started about the ridiculous scene where Anthony Hopkins goes berry hunting like some mental retard.\r\n\r\nUp until about half the movie I did not really understand all the very negative reviews but after having watched through the miserable last half I have to say that I do understand them more. I think the one-star ones are a bit harsh since the movie is often quite beautiful and the acting, despite the crappy script, is quite good, but the lousy script is just destroying the movie.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a disappointment."}, {"pseudo": "Grant English", "content": "This is a hard movie to watch and rate.\r\n\r\nThe Good:  The images of the flood coming from both above and below the earth were spectacular. The trauma that Noah deals with during the flood and post-flood is beautifully depicted.  I loved the image of Noah realizing that the \u2018sickness\u2019 is in him as well as the others. The story-telling of creation to fall to the flood was beautifully done. I also liked the tension of Noah and the family on the ark as they wrestle with the possibility that the Creator has forgotten them. \r\n\r\nSo with all that good, what ruins the movie?\r\n\r\nI do think a director/writer has an obligation to the source material.  Subtract the religious aspect of this movie and imagine the outrage if someone changed the story of Harry Potter or Thor.  (Oh wait\u2026they are doing that.)  \r\n\r\nPoint is: if you have source material, use it.  Go ahead and be creative when there are blanks to fill in but why have source material if you're not going to use it?  The director did merge two ancient flood stories \u2013 the Bible and the Babylonian Enuma Elish.  In the end \u2013 neither tradition gets a clear telling of their story.\r\n\r\nOther issues?  The role of Methusala was a complete waste of the talented Anthony Hopkins.  And I still have no idea as to why he was even in the film.\r\n\r\nThe conclusion felt hollow and rushed.  Noah at the beginning of the film leads an isolationist lifestyle focused on raising his children to be good stewards of the earth.  How is this different at the end of the film?  It's not.  Their understanding of life, the Creator, the world isn't any different than the beginning.  There really isn't a pay off to the story...at all.\r\n\r\nIt's just an average film and I expected more with this cast."}], "recommandations_id": [147441, 76649, 184315, 97020]}