{"tmdb_id": 86841, "title": "Black Panther", "original_title": "Black Panther", "slug_title": "black-panther", "date": "2011-01-18", "genre": ["Action / Animation"], "score": "5.1/10", "synopsis": "Deep in the heart of Africa lies Wakanda, an advanced and unconquerable civilization. A family of warrior kings possessing superior speed, strength and agility has governed this mysterious nation as long as time itself. The latest in this famed line is young King T\u2019Challa, the great hero known worldwide as the Black Panther.  Now, outsiders once again threaten to invade and plunder Wakanda. Leading this brutal assault is Klaw, a deadly assassin with the blood of T\u2019Challa\u2019s murdered father on his hands, who brings with him a strong army of super-powered mercenaries. Even with Wakanda\u2019s might and his own superhuman skills, can the Black Panther prevail against this deadly invading force?  From respected filmmaker/producer Reginald Hudlin and legendary comic book artist John Romita, Jr., comes the epic Black Panther story for which comic fans have waited 25 years. Starring Djimon Hounsou (Gladiator, Blood Diamond) and Alfre Woodard (True Blood, Star Trek: First Contact).", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/gfJbTudjhRj1dfpm4HBW7uy5RfQ.jpg", "actors": ["Djimon Hounsou (T'Challa)", "Jill Scott (Storm)", "Carl Lumbly (Uncle S'Yan)", "Kerry Washington (Princess Shuri)", "Alfre Woodard (Dondi Reece)", "David Busch (Everett Ross)", "J. B. Blanc (Batroc the Leaper)", "Peter Lurie (Juggernaut)", "Vanessa Marshall (Female cannibal)", "Phil Morris (W'Kabi)", "Stephen Stanton (Klaw)", "Rick D. Wasserman (Igor Stancheck)", "Georgette Perna (Female Medic)", "Kevin Michael Richardson (Wolverine)", "Phil LaMarr (T'Shan)", "Jonathan Adams (Citizen)", "Nolan North (Cyclops)", "Taye Diggs (Historical Panther #2)", "Stan Lee (General Wallace)", "Adrian Pasdar (Captain America)", "Earl White (Warrior #1)", "Reginald Hudlin (President)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "In terms of slide-o-mation (motion comic) as a format, 2011's _Black Panther_ is some of the highest quality you will find. Whether that's saying much or not will depend on your own personal tastes. In either case, it's the story that really matters and on that front, _Black Panther_ is... Okay. It's pretty good honestly, but it could probably have told its story in less time (or told more story in the same time). Nothing on the live action movie we got this year, but I don't exactly think director Jon Schnepp would be offended to hear people having that reaction. \r\n\r\nA must watch for Black Panther fans and Marvel completionists.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}