{"tmdb_id": 86858, "title": "The Neighbour", "original_title": "The Neighbour", "slug_title": "the-neighbour", "date": "", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Musique / Romance"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Two neighbours. A lonely pianist on one side of the wall. A couple with domestic problems on the other. They can hear each other.  THE NEIGHBOUR is a film about man and woman, about single people, about the chance to start over again, about chances that are long gone. It is also a film about how music affects us, and how we affect music.  The film features dancers Line T\u00f8rmoen and Dimitri Jourde \u2013 two top level creative performers. It also features Leif Ove Andsnes \u2013 a pianist that should need no introduction to anyone interested in classical music. As one of the most accomplished musicians of the world he is constantly playing worldwide with solo recitals or accompanied by the most distinguished orchestras. His part in this project differs radically from his regular performances by the fact that his music interpretation is submitted motivations as a theatrical character.  The location of the film was Jo Str\u00f8mgren\u2019s private flat in Oslo during a period in August 2009.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/r1ZTIi9EoPGbatM0gvZ1aCJAPVl.jpg", "actors": ["Line T\u00f8rmoen (Female Partner)", "Dimitri Jourde (Male Partner)", "Leif Ove Andsnes (The Neighbour)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}