{"tmdb_id": 86918, "title": "The Flesh is Weak", "original_title": "The Flesh is Weak", "slug_title": "the-flesh-is-weak", "date": "1957-08-06", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/42jl2cqFOhbo9hZMxpKoClZpNKW.jpg", "actors": ["John Derek (Tony Giani)", "Milly Vitale (Marissa Cooper)", "William Franklyn (Lloyd Buxton)", "Martin Benson (Angelo Giani)", "Vera Day (Edna)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Seedy Soho Shenanigans.\r\n\r\nThe Flesh is Weak is directed by Don Chaffey and written by Leigh Vance and Deborah Bedford. It stars John Derek, Milly Vitale, William Franklyn, Martin Benson, Freda Jackson and Norman Wooland. Music is by Tristram Cary and cinematography by Stephen Dade (not Gerry Massy- Collier as listed in some sources).\r\n\r\nIt's a British crime drama with film noir shadings. Plot finds Vitale as the innocent girl who upon visiting London falls in love with the shifty Tony Giani (Derek). Before you can say \"vice girls\" she finds herself facing up to the harsh realities of the Giani family operations.\r\n\r\nIt's a nasty subject that is still relevant today, but the makers handle the subject well. Obviously clipped somewhat by how far they could push the material at the time, it's still surprisingly frank with the vice girls subject to hand. Strong plot is acted accordingly, with the main characterisations carrying a believable factor that hits home the required impact.\r\n\r\nThe girls are treated with sympathetic hands, steering the story away from exploitation histrionics, and while it's a bit too stage bound to really give it some earthy strength, it's a well constructed production that's further boosted by Dade's moody photography. Interesting low rumbling horror movie type score by Cary as well. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}