{"tmdb_id": 8693, "title": "Sam Whiskey, le dur", "original_title": "Sam Whiskey", "slug_title": "sam-whiskey-le-dur", "date": "1969-04-01", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Un escroc a vol\u00e9 un fabuleux tr\u00e9sor \u00e0 l'H\u00f4tel de la monnaie de Denver et l'a cach\u00e9 dans un bateau. Le b\u00e2timent a fait naufrage et les lingots gisent depuis au fond du fleuve. A la mort du voleur, Laura, son \u00e9pouse, n'a qu'une id\u00e9e en t\u00eate : replacer le tr\u00e9sor discr\u00e8tement dans les caves de la Monnaie. C'est pourquoi elle fait appel \u00e0 Sam Whiskey, un aventurier sans peur et sans reproche. Celui-ci r\u00e9unit une petite \u00e9quipe et part sur la piste du tr\u00e9sor, ignorant qu'un bandit les suit \u00e0 la trace...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h9iFBGELfjSC1Tg1kGrwmHnYXUF.jpg", "actors": ["Burt Reynolds (Sam Whiskey)", "Angie Dickinson (Laura Breckenridge)", "Clint Walker (O.W. Bandy)", "Ossie Davis (Jed Hooker)", "Wallace Earl (Mrs. Perkins)", "William Schallert (Mr. Perkins)", "Woodrow Parfrey (Thorston Bromley)", "Anthony James (Leroy)", "Ayllene Gibbons (Big Annie)", "Del Reeves (The Fisherman)", "Rick Davis (Fat Henry Hobson)", "John Damler (Hank)", "Robert Adler (Pete)", "Chubby Johnson (Blacksmith)", "William Boyett (Corporal)", "Sidney Clute (Clem)", "Tracey Roberts (Agnes)", "Virgil Warner (Narrator)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Fun Western Caper with Burt Reynolds, Angie Dickinson and Clint Walker***\r\n\r\nAfter being enlisted by a hot widow (Angie Dickinson), a former war spy (Burt Reynolds), a blacksmith (Ossie Davis) and an inventor (Clint Walker) team-up to salvage a treasure in gold bars from a sunken ship in the Platte River, a treasure the woman\u2019s husband stole. They then have to return the gold bars to the Denver Mint before the phony bars are discovered and the woman\u2019s family name is tarnished. But how will they get all those gold bars into the Mint without anyone noticing?\r\n\r\nPeople tend to dub this a Western Comedy, but it\u2019s not in the silly sense of \"Blazing Saddles\" (1974) \"Texas Across the River\" (1966) or \"The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox\" (1976). It's more of a Western Caper with amusing flashes, mainly due to Reynold's fun-loving title character. \r\n\r\nThe same plot was later used in John Wayne\u2019s \u201cThe Train Robbers\u201d (1973) with Ann-Margret in the Angie Dickinson role, minus the caper in the third act. They\u2019re both worth checking out, but I favor \u201cThe Train Robbers\u201d because, to me, the caper in the last act gets kind of tedious, not to mention unbelievable. Nevertheless, \u201cSam Whiskey\u201d features a great cast with fun-lovin\u2019 chemistry and quality Western locations.\r\n\r\nIt is presumed that the story takes place circa 1870-75 since it is detailed that Sam was a spy during the Civil War and he appears to be around 30-35 tops. Actually, the earliest the story COULD have taken place would be 1906, which is when the Denver Mint began minting coins, but this would make Whiskey about 65 years old, which he obviously isn\u2019t. Adding to the problem, the Carson City Mint shut down in 1893. So the timeline is all fudged up.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 36 minutes and was shot at Universal City, Burbank and Lake Camanche, Ione, California (with underwater scenes done in Silver Springs, Florida).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B/B- (6.5/10)"}], "recommandations_id": [186531, 43310, 20333, 210673], "youtube_key": "HuSBGAKci_M"}