{"tmdb_id": 86939, "title": "The Brain Machine", "original_title": "The Brain Machine", "slug_title": "the-brain-machine", "date": "1977-01-01", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller / Science-Fiction / Horreur"], "score": "2.7/10", "synopsis": "Several people volunteer for a scientific experiment about mind-reading and memory, but the experiment goes horribly wrong.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sgQkMc9pcORPrFX01V7RPMXvyPF.jpg", "actors": ["James Best (Rev. Emory Neill)", "Barbara Burgess (Dr. Carol Portland)", "Gil Peterson (Dr. Elton Morris)", "Gerald McRaney (Willie West)", "Marcus J. Grapes (Judd Reeves)", "Doug Collins (Dr. Roland Roth)", "Ann Latham (Minnie Lee Parks)", "Thomas Hal Phillips (The General)", "Christian Garrison (Garrison)", "Stocker Fontelieu (Saxon)", "Tom Dever (Bodyguard)", "Stuart Lancaster (Senator)", "Zephirin Hymel IV (Dr. Krisner)", "Sam Sherrill (A Guard)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This is a low-budget 70's film which stems from the cinematic crazes of both the 'evilly-implemented mind control' ('The Manchurian Candidate' and 'The Ipcress File') and 'paranoia about government conspiracy' subgenres that were fervently expressed in the Vietnam/Watergate era of American cinema. For me, growing up watching James Best as Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane in 'The Dukes of Hazzard', it was intriguing to watch him here, as a priest selected as one of 4 paid volunteers for an experiment supposedly run by the ECC, an environmental organization. It ends up that it's just a cover to test an experimental mind-control 'Brain Machine' that the U.S. government  wants, in order to keep it's citizens in line, in the name of 'keeping social order'. Admittedly, when one of the directors says that the future is surveillance, I couldn't help but shudder at the parallels to society today, in this post-9/11 era. Unfortunately, the more time that passes, the closer these Orwellian cinematic views of civilization and its discontents come to mirroring the way life has become.\r\n\r\nNo spoilers, but the machine forces the person to tell the truth. Growing up, I have learned that honesty is not always the best policy. In fact, life has to endure the 'little white lie' in order to have things run peacefully. While no cinematic masterwork, this film more than suffices as Exhibit A for evidence. Definitely worth a watch, especially if you can handle 1970's, TV-movie-style filmmaking."}], "recommandations_id": [37521, 41023, 103254, 108382], "youtube_key": "notfound"}