{"tmdb_id": 87078, "title": "Suture", "original_title": "Suture", "slug_title": "suture", "date": "1993-09-14", "genre": ["Drame / Thriller"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Brothers Vincent (rich) and Clay (poor) meet up for the first time after their father's funeral and remark on how similar they look. But unknown to Clay, who thinks his life is taking a turn for the better, Vince is actually plotting to kill him with a car bomb and pass the corpse off as his own, planning to start a new life elsewhere with his father's inheritance. But Clay survives the blast and has his face, memory and identity restored in hospital... but are they the right ones?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/89jGoGPFqOl6JR144iEOxeciggM.jpg", "actors": ["Dennis Haysbert (Clay Arlington)", "Michael Harris (Vincent Towers)", "Mel Harris (Dr. Renee Descartes)", "Dina Merrill (Alice Jameson)", "Sab Shimono (Dr. Max Shinoda)", "David Graf (Lt. Weismann)", "Fran Ryan (Mrs. Lucerne)", "John Ingle (Sidney Callahan)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Stitching that burning ring of fire.\r\n\r\nSuture is written and directed by Scott McGehee and David Siegel. It stars Dennis Haysbert, Mel Harris, Sab Shimono, Dina Merrill and Michael Harris. Music is by Cary Berger and cinematography by Greg Gardiner.\r\n\r\nIdentity is the crisis can't you see - X-Ray Spex 1978\r\n\r\nSuture is an unusual film that on the surface hangs its chief premise on a most ridiculous concept. Yet what is most striking about the film's heart and soul is that it embraces a number of staple film noir narrative threads. Photographed in spanking monochrome, and featuring an unnerving musical score, this surreal like play works with a cheeky glint in its eye as it challenges the viewer's perception of the unfurling story.\r\n\r\nWrapped around a suggested agony of identity, Suture revels in films and styles of film making it is influenced by. Name checking them all is folly, but as the amnesia angle blends with surgical reconstruction, and the murder plot betrayal sidles up to the voiceover, other potent pics spring instantly to mind. And yet in a piece heavy on identity, Suture, in spite of its reliance on influences, does have its own identity, very much so.\r\n\r\nIt's quite a debut from McGehee and Siegel, one that begs the question of why they didn't go on to greater things? Here they have great camera craft, with close ups, overheads and frame blends in action, while there's some striking imagery and noirville shadow play to take in as mood setting accompaniments. It could be argued that much of it is highfalutin, and that the philosophical probing is overkill, but the film remains unique and intriguing, if not as remotely thrilling as one hoped. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [119136, 92378, 31465, 83122], "youtube_key": "IzZSguDxGsk"}