{"tmdb_id": 8740, "title": "L'homme qui voulait savoir", "original_title": "Spoorloos", "slug_title": "l-homme-qui-voulait-savoir", "date": "1988-10-27", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Sur la route des vacances, Rex et Saskia s'arr\u00eatent sur une aire d'autoroute. L'homme s'\u00e9loigne du v\u00e9hicule pendant quelques minutes. A son retour, sa compagne a disparu. Fou de douleur, il renonce \u00e0 sa vie professionnelle et sociale pour se consacrer exclusivement \u00e0 la recherche de la disparue. Apr\u00e8s trois ann\u00e9es d'une qu\u00eate infructueuse, il re\u00e7oit une \u00e9trange carte postale, dont l'auteur pr\u00e9tend conna\u00eetre la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur la disparition...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rInUOmuP36paf3fQ4gJMUZNx6Bp.jpg", "actors": ["Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu (Raymond Lemorne)", "Eugene Bervoets (Rex Hofman)", "Johanna ter Steege (Saskia Wagter)", "Gwen Eckhaus (Lieneke)", "Tania Latarjet (Denise Lemorne)", "Lucille Glenn (Gabrielle Lemorne)", "Roger Souza (Manager)", "Caroline App\u00e9r\u00e9 (Cashier)", "Pierre Forget (Farmer Laurent)", "Didier Rousset (TV Journalist)", "Bernadette Le Sach\u00e9 (Simone Lemorne)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Traceless.\r\n \r\nSpoorloos (AKA: The Vanishing) is directed by George Sluizer and Sluizer co-adapts the screenplay with Tim Krabbe from Krabbe\u2019s own novella The Golden Egg. It stars Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu, Gene Bervoets, Johanna ter Steege and Gwen Eckhaius. Music is by Hennie Vrienten and cinematography by Toni Kuhn.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s a lesson in creeping unease, a film firmly interested in character development as it unfurls a tale of obsession whilst casting a clinical observation of a sociopath at work. Story is basic on plot terms, young lovers are separated during a vacation when the girl mysteriously disappears. So begins her boyfriend\u2019s obsessive search that spans years, then things get intriguing as the person responsible for girls disappearance starts sending the boyfriend messages, giving him the run around, until the question is asked. Just how far are you prepared to go to find out what happened?\r\n \r\nThe script is brutally clever, we follow two parallel lives, that of emotionally torn boyfriend Rex Hoffman (Bervoets), and that of sociopath Raymond Lemorne (Donnadieu), the latter of which is a family man moving freely amongst his loved ones whilst simultaneously practising his perfect crime. Lemorne is a very different type of sociopath to what normally fills out horror movies, he\u2019s sometimes a figure of fun, even inept, but he beats a black heart and as Rex Hoffman is going to find out, he\u2019s very methodical in his belief that he was destined to enact a perfect crime.\r\n \r\nSluizer builds the picture very slowly, only turning the screw an inch at a time. He lets Spoorloos chill our blood not by jolt shocks or stalk and slash histrionics, but by the very fact that Raymond does what he does just because he can. While the disintegration of Rex\u2019s emotional being is terrifying in its realism, what gnaws away at him also gnaws away the audience, so when the coup de grace comes at film\u2019s end, the impact is like being run over by a tank. Great direction is matched by great acting from the principal players, to seal the deal for Spoorloos being a truly excellent thriller that\u2019s well worth seeking out by those after a bit more thought in their thriller viewings. 8.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "George Sluizer's 1988 film <i>Spoorloos</i> (The Vanishing) is the story of a murder and the search for the killer, but it's not a whodunit for the audience at any rate. Just after Saskia (Johanna ter Steege) disappears at a French rest stop while vacationing with her boyfriend Rex (Gene Bervoets), the audience sees the long chronicle of local chemistry teacher Raymond Lemorne (Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu) preparing to carry out a murder of some random woman. As the film rises towards a climax, we follow Rex's obsessive hunt not for justice and retribution, but for simple understanding of what happened to his love. It is that unquenchable curiosity to know the very details, to indirectly share Saskia's fate that drives Rex forward on a dark quest. <i>Spoorloos</i> is widely known for its twist ending, and I'd recommend avoiding spoilers before you watch the film. I myself was spoiled, but still, Rex's doom was played very different than I imagined.\r\n\r\nRex is something of a one-dimensional figure who exists purely to carry out the philosophical conundrum that is the plot. Lemorne is the truly detailed character, even if I find some of his motivations hard to swallow. Donnadieu plays him convincingly \u2013 I really came to despise this character. It is interesting that his initial attempts to abduct a victim, though played buffoonishly to a rather comic soundtrack, don't lighten the mood (as in, say, the black comedy of Edward Gorey), but rather make us squirm even more.\r\n\r\nThough the twist ending makes this film memorable, and Donnadieu and, to a lesser extent (for she has little screen time) Steege's acting is fine, I wouldn't rank <i>Spoorloos</i> so highly. The cinematography is plain, and there's little re-watch value. Still, this is worth seeing once."}], "recommandations_id": [31417, 16372, 931, 11772], "youtube_key": "KlO2oIieI44"}