{"tmdb_id": 87421, "title": "Riddick", "original_title": "Riddick", "slug_title": "riddick", "date": "2013-09-02", "genre": "Science-Fiction / Action / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Riddick a \u00e9t\u00e9 laiss\u00e9 pour mort sur une plan\u00e8te br\u00fbl\u00e9e qui semble exempte de toute vie. Pourtant, il se retrouve rapidement oblig\u00e9 de lutter pour sa survie contre des pr\u00e9dateurs aliens plus mortels que tous les humains qu\u2019il a affront\u00e9s au cours de sa vie. Il trouve un refuge pr\u00e9caire dans une ancienne gare de transit interstellaire d\u00e9saffect\u00e9e. La seule fa\u00e7on pour lui de s\u2019en tirer est d\u2019activer une balise d\u2019urgence et d\u2019alerter les mercenaires et autres chasseurs de primes, qui se ruent vers la plan\u00e8te \u00e0 la recherche de leur proie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g3pu9BsXnQDAsFGoujaXE7ZZaau.jpg", "actors": ["Vin Diesel (Riddick)", "Karl Urban (Lord Vaako)", "Katee Sackhoff (Dahl)", "Jordi Moll\u00e0 (Santana)", "Bokeem Woodbine (Moss)", "Nolan Gerard Funk (Luna)", "Noah Danby (Nunez)", "Keri Hilson (Santana's Prisoner)", "Neil Napier (Rubio)", "Dave Bautista (Diaz)", "Matthew Nable (Boss Johns)", "Andreas Apergis (Krone)", "Raoul Max Trujillo (Lockspur)", "Conrad Pla (Vargas)", "Danny Blanco Hall (Falco)", "Antoinette Kalaj (Consort)", "Charlie Marie Dupont (Consort)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "praVeeng", "content": "nice movie"}, {"pseudo": "tom_elkrider", "content": "After trying to move the character to more epic levels in \u2018Chronicles of Riddick\u2019, and failing to capture an audience, this third installment in the series, simply titled \u2018Riddick\u2019,  is a return-to-basics for director David Twohy. It quickly sets itself loose from the baggage of \u2018Chronicles\u2019 and pursues a more clear-cut survival action story that might as well be titled \u2018Pitch Black 2\u2018."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Maybe you're all scared of the wrong thing.\r\n\r\nUnsurprisingly reactions to this, the third outing for Vin Diesel's sci-fi based anti-hero, has been very mixed. In truth it's hardly a great film of the \"must see\" kind, and it does in fact cleave very close to Pitch Black, the first and most superior of the Riddick trilogy. However, there's a whole bunch of science fiction fun to be had here.\r\n\r\nPlot has Riddick left for dead on a inhospitable planet, where he finds himself up against some alien creatures. His only hope of getting off the planet is to bring notice of his whereabouts, which brings two ships to where he is. Both with crews who have differing reasons for wanting to capture the enigmatic convict...\r\n\r\nAnd thus we get a beautifully filmed sci-fier that features beasties of both the human and alien kind. Action and moody histrionics are never far away, and Diesel is wonderfully muscular, macho, course and scary. Some of the CGI is weak, and naturally much of the film's coincidences and contrivances have to be forgiven if one wants a popcorn and beer good time of it. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**(Note: This review is of the theatrical version, I have seen the uncut version and it is an improvement, but have not reviewed that edition)**\r\n\r\nIn this latest incarnation, Riddick goes boldly goes where no previous entry has gone before: Nowhere.\r\n\r\nSay what you will about the previous film (_Chronicles of Riddick_) at least it had the guts to take some risks. Sure, almost all of those ended up being complete misfires, but they were still taken. Riddick on the other hand plays it safe. It\u2019s a path not entirely without benefit, but one that was not expected from the series spawned by Australian cult-classic _Pitch Black_.\r\n\r\nShoot me for saying it but I\u2019m actually a huge fan of Davind Twohy (_The Arrival, Waterworld, G.I. Jane, A Perfect Getaway_) so I actually sort of hoped for more from the piece. Sure _Chronicles_ was silly and disjointed, sure _Dark Fury_ was totally unnecessary and _Dark Athena/Butcher Bay_ were only intermittently decent, but overall the Riddick franchise will always be compared to _Pitch Black_, and against this prodigy, the latest movie is simply subpar.\r\n\r\nThe Necromonger storyline has been all but dropped, any connections to previous characters (sans Riddick) are completely unbelievable and the events are a shameless rip off of the first film. Seeing a more \u201csurvivalist\u201d and intelligent Riddick is nice, as it\u2019s always been sort of more insinuated than outright shown. The entire world that the events of the film take place on is even moderately interesting, and none of the actors or characters are outright let downs, but overall Riddick falls much closer to the \u201cbarely watchable\u201d category than the \u201cbrilliant\u201d one.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s \u201ccool\u201d, it\u2019s pretty and it\u2019s most certainly entertaining, but it\u2019s not new, it\u2019s not clever, and it\u2019s most certainly not as good as _Pitch Black_.\r\n\r\n66%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [2789, 2787, 49049, 49529]}