{"tmdb_id": 87827, "title": "L'Odyss\u00e9e de Pi", "original_title": "Life of Pi", "slug_title": "l-odyssee-de-pi", "date": "2012-11-20", "genre": ["Aventure / Drame / Action"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une enfance pass\u00e9e \u00e0 Pondich\u00e9ry en Inde, Pi Patel, 17 ans, embarque avec sa famille pour le Canada o\u00f9 l\u2019attend une nouvelle vie. Mais son destin est boulevers\u00e9 par le naufrage spectaculaire du cargo en pleine mer. Il se retrouve seul survivant \u00e0 bord d'un canot de sauvetage. Seul, ou presque... Richard Parker, splendide et f\u00e9roce tigre du Bengale est aussi du voyage. L\u2019instinct de survie des deux naufrag\u00e9s leur fera vivre une odyss\u00e9e hors du commun au cours de laquelle Pi devra d\u00e9velopper son ing\u00e9niosit\u00e9 et faire preuve d\u2019un courage insoup\u00e7onn\u00e9 pour survivre \u00e0 cette aventure incroyable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sLYdcz7easaS7CmJGwQcVVYZqiF.jpg", "actors": ["Suraj Sharma (Pi Patel (16 / 17 Years))", "Irrfan Khan (Pi Patel (Adult))", "Ayush Tandon (Pi Patel (11 / 12 Years))", "Gautam Belur (Pi Patel (5 Years))", "Adil Hussain (Santosh Patel)", "Tabu (Gita Patel)", "Ayaan Khan (Ravi Patel (7 Years))", "Mohd Abbas Khaleeli (Ravi Patel ( 13/ 14 years))", "Vibish Sivakumar (Ravi Patel (18/19 years))", "Rafe Spall (Writer)", "G\u00e9rard Depardieu (Cook)", "James Saito (Older Insurance Investigator)", "Jun Naito (Younger Insurance Investigator)", "Andrea Di Stefano (Priest)", "Shravanthi Sainath (Anandi)", "Elie Alouf (Mamaji)", "Padmini Ramachandran (Dance Master)", "T.M. Karthik (Science Teacher)", "Amarendran Ramanan (Indian History Teacher)", "Hari Mina Bala (Librarian)", "Wang Bo-Chieh (Buddhist Sailor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Visually, this movie traps yourself from the beginning to the end.\r\n\r\nThe story is really deep and moving and the performances are plainly good.\r\n\r\nA must to be seen."}, {"pseudo": "Ibraheem...", "content": "Perfectly written, amazingly filmed, and surprisingly ended. Definitely, going in my amnisa list."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "My rating: 4 out of 10 stars\r\n\r\nA young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger.\r\n\r\nI did not have huge expectations on this movie since it is not exactly my style of movie but nevertheless I have to say that I was disappointed. The movie is certainly quite beautiful to watch, at least part of it. However it is also a movie with a strong theistic agenda. Even though it is, luckily, not really religious/political extremism it is thick and intruding nonetheless. I was expecting Pi to actually learn something during the course of his adventure but he does not. He starts the movie gullible and foolish looking for meaning in life (religion) and the movie ends pretty much in the same way with him claiming that he had faith and therefore he survived. Yet none of the decisions he made was based on faith but simply pragmatical decisions of survival. If anything the movie proved that faith or religion had nothing to do with it.\r\n\r\nAs I said the movie was, partly, quite beautiful to watch and this is entirely what rendered it the stars that I gave it. For the rest it was a very boring movie. The only mildly entertaining part was the scenes on the boat with G\u00e9rard Depardieu playing the very unpleasant cook. As beautiful to watch as they were many of the scenes were quite unrealistic though and had an artificial look to them even when, I believe, it was not intended. We bought the movie because my youngest daughter loves movies about animals but not even she was overly entertained by this movie."}], "recommandations_id": [37724, 68734, 68728, 59967], "youtube_key": "j9Hjrs6WQ8M"}