{"tmdb_id": 87914, "title": "Lady Scarface", "original_title": "Lady Scarface", "slug_title": "lady-scarface", "date": "1941-09-26", "genre": "Crime", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1hJ2bkRWp6qdX0b6J9ws4KNNtt3.jpg", "actors": ["Dennis O'Keefe (Lt. Bill Mason)", "Judith Anderson (Slade)", "Frances E. Neal (Ann Rogers (as Frances Neal))", "Mildred Coles (Mary Jordan Powell)", "Eric Blore (Mr. Hartford)", "Marc Lawrence (Lefty Landers)", "Damian O'Flynn (Lt. Onslow)", "Andrew Tombes (Art Seidel (hotel detective))", "Marion Martin (Ruby, aka Mary Jordan)", "Rand Brooks (James 'Jimmy' Powell)", "Arthur Shields (Matt Willis)", "Lee Bonnell (George Atkins)", "Harry Burns (Big 'Sem' Semenoff)", "Horace McMahon (Mullen (as Horace MacMahon))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "waltzma", "content": "On the trail of the unknown scarface, a real gender-bender.\r\n\r\nAlthough she only has perhaps half of the film's running time, the future Dame Judith Anderson really shines in this bottom of the bill crime drama which mixes some uncomfortable domestic comedy that seems somewhat out of place with some really violent action sequences. Looking like an outtake from a Leon Errol or Edgar Kennedy RKO short, this sequence is amusing, but it distracts from the really exciting stuff. Fresh from her movie success as the evil Mrs. Danvers in \"Rebecca\", Judith is truly scary as the mysterious Slade whom the FBI is aware of, but what they don't know is that she is a she. While it's obvious that Judith is aware that this movie is beneath her massive talents, she plays it with gusto and steals every moment she is on.\r\n\r\nWhen first seen, Judith is her shadowy profile, holding a gun on a victim while dressed as a scrubwoman. She has no remorse of doing what she needs to do to get away with the loot she forces the frightened man at gunpoint to open up his safe. Only 42 when this was made, Judith had already taken Broadway by storm in the 1930's, winning raves in such Broadway hits as \"As You Desire Me\", \"The Old Maid\" and \"Family Portrait\". She had also achieved great acclaim as Gertrude (Hamlet's mother) and later in 1941 would become one of the most praised actresses to portray Lady MacBeth. Like Tallulah Bankhead, she was \"too big\" for film, but unlike Tallulah, she achieved great acclaim in the movies in supporting roles while Tallulah attempted only leads. Their similar voices and strong features lacked vulnerability on camera, but Judith used that to her advantage by playing some of the most wonderfully domineering evil women on film.\r\n\r\nThe remainder of the screen time is devoted to detective Dennis O'Keefe's attempts to find her and newspaper photographer Frances Neal's assistance in helping him discover who Slade really is. Comic moments featuring Eric Blore as a dog salesman who answers an add meant as a contact for Slade's pick-up person leads to the revelation of two people named Mary Jordan, one of whom gets an envelope filled with money by mistake. That fantastic hard-boiled blonde bombshell Marion Martin plays the Mary Jordan meant to receive the package, and she is involved in a fantastic car chase sequence. Mildred Coles, the innocent trained by Kay Francis to be a proper \"Play Girl\", plays the innocent young bride who gets the money by mistake, leading to all sorts of confusion. In spite of the distraction by these entertaining but unnecessary subplots, \"Lady Scarface\" is a fun low budget crime drama that truly shines with Judith in the spotlight."}], "recommandations_id": []}