{"tmdb_id": 879, "title": "Hook ou la revanche du Capitaine Crochet", "original_title": "Hook", "slug_title": "hook-ou-la-revanche-du-capitaine-crochet", "date": "1991-12-11", "genre": ["Aventure / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Familial"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Peter Banning alias Peter Pan est devenu un brillant avocat d'affaires qui a tout oubli\u00e9 de ses merveilleuses aventures. Mais le terrible Capitaine Crochet, lui, n'a pas oubli\u00e9. Pour enfin, r\u00e9gler leur compte, il enl\u00e8ve une nuit Jack et Maggie, les enfants de Peter. C'est en compagnie de Tinkerbell que Peter s'envole \u00e0 nouveau pour le pays de Nulle Part.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6plGuz8L3fvkuENB0G2ZpBz6kej.jpg", "actors": ["Robin Williams (Peter Banning)", "Dustin Hoffman (Captain James S. Hook)", "Julia Roberts (Tinkerbell)", "Bob Hoskins (Smee)", "Maggie Smith (Granny Wendy)", "Caroline Goodall (Moira Banning)", "Charlie Korsmo (Jack 'Jackie' Banning)", "Amber Scott (Maggie Banning)", "Arthur Malet (Tootles)", "Isaiah Robinson (Pockets)", "Gwyneth Paltrow (Young Wendy)", "Phil Collins (Inspector Good)", "Glenn Close (Gutless)", "Regina Russell Banali (Mermaid)", "Jasen Fisher (Ace)", "James Madio (Don't Ask)", "Ryan Francis (Young Peter Pan)", "Max Hoffman (5-Year-Old Peter Pan)", "Kelly Rowan (Peter's Mother)", "Jake Hoffman (LittleLeague Player)", "Geoffrey Lower (Brad)", "Don S. Davis (Dr. Fields)", "Brad Blumenthal (Jim)", "David Crosby (Tickles)", "Nick Tate (Noodler)", "Tony Burton (Bill Jukes)", "Carrie Fisher (Woman Kissing on Bridge (uncredited))", "George Lucas (Man Kissing on Bridge (uncredited))", "Jimmy Buffett (Shoe-Stealing Pirate (uncredited))", "Dante Basco (Rufio)", "Jan Cobler (Secretary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "What if Peter Pan grew up and forgot who he was? What if he returned to Neverland?\r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 1991 and directed by Steven Spielberg, \"Hook\" stars Robin Williams as a corporate American Lawyer who must go to the island of Neverland after his two kids are kidnapped in London by Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman). He has misadventures with the fairy Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), pirates and a group of ragtag lost boys led by Rufio (Dante Basco); meanwhile hook tries to win the affections of his kids. Maggie Smith and Gwyneth Paltrow are on hand as older and younger versions of Wendy respectively.\r\n\r\nThis is a family-oriented adventure/fantasy/comedy cut from the same cloth as \"The Wizard of Oz\" (1939), \"Chitty Chitty Bang Bang\" (1968), \"Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory\" (1971), \"A Series of Unfortunate Events\" (2004) and \"Into the Woods\" (2014); it\u2019s just not a musical like some of those flicks even though a song or two are featured. Depending on your tastes, \u201cHook\u201d is no better or worse than any of these movies (although \u201cThe Wizard of Oz\u201d is in a league of its own, of course).\r\n\r\nWhile I love serious swashbuckling, Peter Pan was always too kiddie/fantasy-based for my tastes. This is ironic since I have Peter Pan Syndrome, which Spielberg also admitted to; and my wife has The Wendy Dilemma (look \u2019em up). Fans of Peter Pan will favor this flick more than me.\r\n\r\nNevertheless, it was made by scores of talented people and contains some genuinely amusing moments (I busted out laughing at least four times). Hoffman\u2019s titular character is iconic. And Roberts works surprisingly well as Tinkerbell, but they should\u2019ve accented her beauty further. Speaking of which, the film needs more feminine sex appeal. Even the makers of \u201cChitty Chitty Bang Bang\u201d knew enough to include a little bit.\r\n\r\nBoth Spielberg and Williams liked the two bookend sequences, but have reservations about the long Neverland middle-piece, which is the bulk of the picture. Williams admitted he felt lost in Neverland, probably because he was thrust from one misadventure to another so briskly. But the pre-CGI sets are colorful and imaginative; it\u2019s a fun movie with a lot of energy. Peter Pan just ain\u2019t my thang.\r\n\r\nTHE MOVIE RUNS 2 hour, 22 minutes (overlong). WRITERS: James V. Hart, Nick Castle and Malia Scotch Marmo wrote the script based on concepts from the works of J.M. Barrie, particular \u201cPeter and Wendy\u201d (1911). BOX OFFICE: The movie cost $70 million (not including marketing) and made $301 million worldwide with $120 million of that domestically. While it was the fourth highest-grossing movie worldwide in 1991, it was still considered a disappointment by producers, the greedy bastages.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-/C+"}], "recommandations_id": [788, 8367, 856, 9354], "youtube_key": "y98AuG2-yU4"}