{"tmdb_id": 88075, "title": "L'\u00e9tranger dans la cit\u00e9", "original_title": "Walk Softly, Stranger", "slug_title": "l-etranger-dans-la-cite", "date": "1950-10-14", "genre": "Crime / Drame / Romance", "score": "4.6/10", "synopsis": "Chris Hale, joueur, voleur et menteur, arrive dans une petite ville pour entamer une nouvelle vie. Embauch\u00e9 dans une fabrique de chaussure, il rencontre la fille du patron, Elaine, ex jet-setteuse handicap\u00e9e, et tombe amoureux d'elle. H\u00e9las, il est rattrap\u00e9 par son pass\u00e9.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/zJ0Cnt57JOqDNY7ulmGB50TIGb.jpg", "actors": ["Joseph Cotten (Chris Hale aka Steve)", "Alida Valli (Elaine Corelli (as Valli))", "Spring Byington (Mrs. Brentman)", "Paul Stewart (Whitey Lake)", "Jack Paar (Ray Healy)", "Jeff Donnell (Gwen)", "John McIntire (Morgan)", "Howard Petrie (Bowen)", "Frank Puglia (A.J. Corelli)", "Esther Dale (Miss Thompson)", "Marlo Dwyer (Mabel)", "Robert Ellis (Skating Boy)", "Bess Flowers (New Year's Celebrant (uncredited))", "John Miljan (Old Man (uncredited))", "'Snub' Pollard (Custodian on Stairway (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You Are Now Entering The Little Big City. Ashton.\r\n\r\nWalk Softly, Stranger is directed by Robert Stevenson and written by Frank Fenton. It stars Joseph Cotton, Alida Valli, Spring Byington, Paul Stewart and Jack Paar. Music is by Frederick Hollander and cinematography by Harry J. Wild.\r\n\r\nChris Hale (Cotton) arrives in Ashton, Ohio, with manipulation and a robbery on his mind. But when he meets wheelchair bound Elaine Corelli (Valli), it alters the course of his future plans\u2026\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s the other Cotton and Valli movie, the one that isn\u2019t The Third Man. It\u2019s also the movie that marked the wind of change at RKO as Howard Hughes breezed into the studio and promptly set about putting his own stamp on things, badly as it happens. Walk Softly, Stranger sat on the shelf for two years and subsequently got released in 1950, no doubt due in part to the success of The Third Man the year previously.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a strange blend of romantic melodrama \u2013 cum thriller \u2013 with some film noir edginess, something which doesn\u2019t all together work. It\u2019s very slowly paced and settles into a mood approaching disquiet, a femme fatale of sorts is nicely set up, and the whole \u201cjust one last job\u201d vibe keeps interest in the story high. Acting from Cotton and Valli is strong, Paul Stewart is as usual good value when playing a twitchy loser bad guy type, and Byington almost steals the film from the leads with an ebullient show as the widow Brentman.\r\n\r\nUnfortunately, come the final third the picture fails to deliver on its moody promise, choosing instead to rely on one action set-piece and a waft of optimism for pic\u2019s closure. It\u2019s not the pay off required or hoped for, a shame because as a production in general it\u2019s of good quality. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [42288, 35958, 37195, 61960]}