{"tmdb_id": 8814, "title": "Doom", "original_title": "Doom", "slug_title": "doom", "date": "2005-10-20", "genre": "Action / Horreur / Science-Fiction", "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Une chose terrible est arriv\u00e9e \u00e0 la station de recherche scientifique Olduvai, bas\u00e9e sur la plan\u00e8te Mars. Toutes les exp\u00e9riences se sont arr\u00eat\u00e9es, la communication ne passe plus. Les derniers messages re\u00e7us sont pour le moins angoissants. Le niveau 5 de quarantaine est d\u00e9clar\u00e9 et les seules personnes auxquelles l'acc\u00e8s est autoris\u00e9 sont les membres du commando des Rapid Response Tactical Squad (RRTS). Mais sont-ils face \u00e0 n'importe quel ennemi ? Les scientifiques de cette station de la plan\u00e8te rouge ont malencontreusement ouvert une porte dans laquelle se sont engouffr\u00e9es toutes les cr\u00e9atures de l'enfer. Une arm\u00e9e de cr\u00e9atures de cauchemars d'origine inconnue est tapie derri\u00e8re chaque recoin des innombrables pi\u00e8ces et couloirs de la base, tuant les quelques rares humains encore pr\u00e9sents...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kvPdayL5ZkcxmAUeD6b1vlXajYi.jpg", "actors": ["Dwayne Johnson (Sarge)", "Karl Urban (John Grimm)", "Rosamund Pike (Samantha Grimm)", "Ben Daniels (Goat)", "Deobia Oparei (Destroyer)", "Razaaq Adoti (Duke)", "Richard Brake (Corporal Dean Portman)", "Al Weaver (The Kid)", "Dexter Fletcher (Pinky)", "Brian Steele (Hell Knight / Curtis Stahl)", "Yao Chin (Mac)", "Robert Russell (Dr. Carmack)", "Daniel York (Lt. Huengs)", "Ian Hughes (Sanford Crosby)", "Sara Houghton (Dr. Jenna Willits)", "Doug Jones (Dr. Carmack Imp / Sewer Imp)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "tmdb47633491", "content": "I was 12 when this came out. At the time, Doom 3 was an obsession of mine that my parents could not break. They were semi-Christian, and when I got to the part in the game where pentagrams were spawning demons all over the place, I got nervous and told Mom. I was allowed to play any and all games, as long as they didn't involve demons or satanism. This was because, ostensibly, \"the demons could come out and influence your life in bad ways, and you don't want that.\" So I had to return Doom 3. \r\n\r\nBy the end of that year, I had all kinds of posters and magazines and memorabilia of Doom 3 in my room. An obsession is the only thing you can call it. I had everything Doom related you can think of, except the actual game. So when I heard about this movie, 12 Year Old Me obviously was all over it. And when I found out about they changed the plot from satanic monsters to Experiment Gone Wrong, you bet your ass I got my dad to take me to the local opening midnight screening of DOOM. One of my happiest memories. We were the only ones in the theater.\r\n\r\nFun movie."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Now you could watch this, I guess, I wouldn't stop you. But for a movie only a decade and change old, _Doom_ has dated **hard**, and it's not just 'cause of that garbage CGI.\r\n\r\nWeird like the videogame it's based on, but still fucks up the lore that I can't see it sitting well with that crowd either. _Doom_ might genuinely have been made for no one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}], "recommandations_id": [9312, 11358, 10016, 9349]}