{"tmdb_id": 881, "title": "Des hommes d'honneur", "original_title": "A Few Good Men", "slug_title": "des-hommes-d-honneur", "date": "1992-12-11", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Deux jeunes marines, Louden et Dawson, abattent, au cours d'une action disciplinaire d\u00e9sign\u00e9e \"Code Rouge\", un de leur leurs camarades, Santiago. C'est le lieutenant Daniel Kaffee qui est d\u00e9sign\u00e9 pour assurer leur d\u00e9fense lors de leur proc\u00e8s. Mais si Kaffee entame une d\u00e9fense de pure routine, sa jeune et pugnace adjointe, le lieutenant JoAnne Galoway, se rebiffe et l'oblige a instruire le dossier. Kaffee va devoir, pour d\u00e9couvrir la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 sur cette affaire qui s'av\u00e8re inqui\u00e9tante, remonter jusqu'au sommet de la hi\u00e9rarchie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/87OTXMlM9NgpIEemZhXCYc9jsAD.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Cruise (Lt. Daniel Kaffee)", "Jack Nicholson (Col. Nathan R. Jessep)", "Demi Moore (Lt. Cdr. JoAnne Galloway)", "Kevin Bacon (Capt. Jack Ross)", "Kevin Pollak (Lt. Sam Weinberg)", "James Marshall (Pfc. Louden Downey)", "J.T. Walsh (Lt. Col. Matthew A. Markinson)", "Kiefer Sutherland (Lt. Jonathan Kendrick)", "Christopher Guest (Dr. Stone)", "J.A. Preston (Judge Randolph)", "Matt Craven (Lt. Dave Spradling)", "Wolfgang Bodison (Lance Cpl. Harold W. Dawson)", "Xander Berkeley (Capt. Whitaker)", "John M. Jackson (Capt. West)", "Noah Wyle (Cpl. Jeffrey Barnes)", "Cuba Gooding Jr. (Cpl. Carl Hammaker)", "John M. Mathews (Guard #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "\u201cYou can\u2019t handle the truth!\u201d\r\n\t\r\nRELEASED IN 1992 and directed by Rob Reiner, \"A Few Good Men\u201d is a military drama about a smart-axx young Navy Lawyer (Tom Cruise) who\u2019s never seen a courtroom because he lazily arranges plea bargains. Perhaps this is why he\u2019s assigned to defending two young Marines stationed at Guantanamo Bay who are accused of murdering a fellow Marine. They maintain that they were ordered to enact a \u201cCode Red,\u201d which took an unforeseen turn. Demi Moore and Kevin Pollak co-star as the lawyer\u2019s partners while Kevin Bacon heads the prosecution and Jack Nicholson plays the arrogant commanding officer of Guantanamo. J.T. Walsh is on hand as the Colonel\u2019s weak subordinate.\r\n\r\nThe movie does a good job of depicting the honor code of hardcore Marines, particularly in the sequence where Lance Cpl. Dawson (Wolfgang Bodison) refuses to confess to something he didn\u2019t do in order to get a minor sentence. The characters are well written and casted, e.g. Kaffee (Cruise) and his penchant for baseball. The story is dialog-driven and maintains your attention without action/thrills.\r\n\r\nNicholson is commanding and intimidating as the pompous colonel. Kaffee discovers his talent as a courtroom lawyer and realizes that the only way to take him down is to use his egotism against him. Other than the cringe-inducing \u201cA Ten Hut\u201d scene at the end, this is a gripping drama.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 2 hours, 18 minutes and was shot entirely in Southern Cal (Point Mugu, Crystal Cove, etc.) and Washington DC. WRITERS: Aaron Sorkin (play) and Aaron Sorkin (screenplay).\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [37233, 9390, 2604, 5503]}