{"tmdb_id": 8844, "title": "Jumanji", "original_title": "Jumanji", "slug_title": "jumanji", "date": "1995-12-15", "genre": "Aventure / Fantastique / Familial", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Lors d'une partie de Jumanji, un jeu tr\u00e8s ancien, le jeune Alan est propuls\u00e9 sous les yeux de son amie d'enfance, Sarah, dans un \u00e9trange pays. Il ne pourra s'en \u00e9chapper que lorsqu'un autre joueur reprendra la partie et le lib\u00e8rera sur un coup de d\u00e9s. Vingt-six ans plus tard, il retrouve le monde r\u00e9el par le coup de d\u00e9s de deux autres jeunes joueurs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nLXYV4WmYUF4i8pX0iE0H1rltmf.jpg", "actors": ["Robin Williams (Alan Parrish)", "Jonathan Hyde (Samuel Alan Parrish / Van Pelt)", "Kirsten Dunst (Judy Shepherd)", "Bradley Pierce (Peter Shepherd)", "Bonnie Hunt (Sarah Whittle)", "Bebe Neuwirth (Nora Shepherd)", "David Alan Grier (Carl Bentley)", "Patricia Clarkson (Carol Anne Parrish)", "Adam Hann-Byrd (Young Alan)", "Laura Bell Bundy (Young Sarah)", "James Handy (Exterminator)", "Gillian Barber (Mrs. Thomas)", "Brandon Obray (Benjamin)", "Cyrus Thiedeke (Caleb)", "Gary Joseph Thorup (Billy Jessup)", "Leonard Zola (Cop)", "Lloyd Berry (Bum)", "Malcolm Stewart (Jim Shepherd)", "Annabel Kershaw (Martha Shepherd)", "Darryl Henriques (Gun Salesman)", "Robyn Driscoll (Paramedic)", "Peter Bryant (Paramedic)", "Sarah Gilson (Girl)", "Florica Vlad (Girl)", "June Lion (Baker)", "Brenda Lockmuller (Pianist)", "Frederick Richardson (Barber)", "Jaysen Clough (Looter (uncredited))", "Daniel Olsen (Ice Cream Man (uncredited))", "Falko Schilling (Extra (uncredited))", "David Szehi (Townie (uncredited))", "Tom Woodruff Jr. (Lion / Crocodile (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Throw the dice and take a turn, Jumanji made the critics gurn.\r\n\r\nJumanji is directed by Joe Johnston and based on Chris Van Allsburg's short story of the same name. It stars Robin Williams, Bonnie Hunt, Kirsten Dunst, Bradley Pierce and Jonathan Hyde. The story is about a weird board game that when played unleashes hazards from the jungle with every throw of the dice. Once you have started playing you have to finish the game for normality to be resumed.\r\n\r\nSimple in plot and coming off as an excuse to show off some impressive effects -said the critics - Jumanji defied the critics of the time to become a box office winner and a family favourite. Enough of a favourite to spawn a sequel (Zathura 2005), an animated TV series and a board game. In truth the film is reliant on the effects to entertain, with the cast (all competent and enjoyable) merely lurching from one perilous throw of the dice to another. But to call the film shallow is wrong and ignorant. There's flecks of bad parenting, peer pressure, grief and bullying, while the impact of a missing child on one town is a noteworthy addition to the story line. You wonder if those critics actually paid attention during their free viewings?\r\n\r\nYes it's berserker family fun, but it's not without worth in the writing either. Besides which, for the action set pieces and the laughs, they alone mean the film has its merits. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [788, 879, 854, 1593]}