{"tmdb_id": 886, "title": "Le Kid de Cincinnati", "original_title": "The Cincinnati Kid", "slug_title": "le-kid-de-cincinnati", "date": "1965-10-15", "genre": "Drame", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "A la Nouvelle Orl\u00e9ans, dans les ann\u00e9es 1930, le Kid est un champion de poker \u00e0 la r\u00e9putation faite. Lorsque Larsey Howard, dit Le King, arrive en ville \u00e0 la recherche de nouveaux adversaires \u00e0 sa taille, le Kid y voit la chance de battre un ma\u00eetre du jeu...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9vbJtM2UuoiGj9OPLCyQLEWOgU4.jpg", "actors": ["Steve McQueen (Eric Stoner (\"The Cincinnati Kid\"))", "Edward G. Robinson (Lancey Howard)", "Ann-Margret (Melba Nile)", "Karl Malden (Shooter)", "Tuesday Weld (Christian Rudd)", "Joan Blondell (Lady Fingers)", "Rip Torn (William Jefferson Slade)", "Jack Weston (Pig)", "Cab Calloway (Yeller)", "Jeff Corey (Hoban)", "Theo Marcuse (Felix)", "Milton Selzer (Sokal)", "Karl Swenson (Mr. Rudd)", "\u00c9mile Genest (Cajun)", "Ron Soble (Danny)", "Irene Tedrow (Mrs. Rudd)", "Midge Ware (Mrs. Slade)", "Dub Taylor (Dealer)", "Harry Hines (Old Man)", "Robert DoQui (Philly)", "Olan Soule (Hotel Desk Clerk)", "Burt Mustin (Old Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "People will sit down at the table with you, just so they can say they played with The Man\r\n\r\nBlah blah blah is the feelings I get when I see comments about this being McQueen's answer to The Hustler, the Newman film is firmly ensconced in the hall of classics and rightly so, but this is a different animal that stands up on its own two feet as a great film regardless of comparisons of leading men or films they respectively delivered.\r\n\r\n\"It's a pleasure to meet someone who understands that to the true gambler, money is never an end in itself, it's simply a tool, as a language is to thought\"\r\n\r\nSteve McQueen is The Cincinnati Kid of the title, a young man who has an enviable reputation as the pretender to the throne of king stud poker player. Standing in his way of claiming the crown is the holder of said crown, Lancey \"The Man\" Howard (a wonderfully sedate yet dominant Edward G. Robinson), both men are in New Orleans for the big showdown across the card table.\r\n\r\nThe film does suffer slightly from a meandering script, though, because you can't help feeling that there is so much more to these characters that needed fleshing out before the big tense showdown arises. However, the cast and director manage to steer the film home with a glorious final third. Suspense and drama start to boil to the surface, the tight knit editing bringing claustrophobic clarity to the enormity of the game.\r\n\r\nMcQueen is perfect here, cocky and cool in equal measure, yet still infusing the role with stoic heart and honest endearment. Tuesday Weld & Ann-Margret are playing second fiddle in the acting stakes to a delightful turn from Joan Blondell (a little under used though), but both Weld and Margret bring their respective girls' traits to life, with Margret positively smouldering with femme fatale sex appeal. \r\n\r\nKarl Malden is solid and safe, whilst Rip Torn gives an acting lesson in dialogue driven menace. Yet in all honesty it's director Norman Jewison who has the trump card here. Once the game commences, even those who know nothing about a good game of poker are firmly watching every frame, such is the intense way that Jewison has brought the finale together.\r\n\r\nNo cop outs here, a film about egos, ambitions and personal satisfaction is gloriously laid out for a very enjoyable viewing experience. 8/10 "}], "recommandations_id": [912, 5920, 5916, 898]}