{"tmdb_id": 8879, "title": "Pale Rider, le cavalier solitaire", "original_title": "Pale Rider", "slug_title": "pale-rider-le-cavalier-solitaire", "date": "1985-06-28", "genre": "Romance / Western", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Les derniers chercheurs d'or ind\u00e9pendants de LaHood, bourgade mini\u00e8re de Californie, sont harcel\u00e9s par la bande de Coy LaHood, fondateur de la ville qui veut s'approprier leur concession. Au moment o\u00f9 les mineurs pacifiques sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 abandonner la lutte, surgit de la montagne un cavalier solitaire tout de noir v\u00eatu. Nul ne conna\u00eet son nom, son pass\u00e9, ses origines. Hull Barret, oppos\u00e9 depuis longtemps \u00e0 Coy LaHood, l'accueille sous son toit. L'homme ne va pas tarder \u00e0 prouver ses qualit\u00e9s de tireur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ikaFhmxrhNlJOh48xndVTxmOdjX.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Preacher)", "Michael Moriarty (Hull Barret)", "Carrie Snodgress (Sarah Wheeler)", "Chris Penn (Josh LaHood)", "Richard Dysart (Coy LaHood)", "Sydney Penny (Megan Wheeler)", "Richard Kiel (Club)", "Doug McGrath (Spider Conway)", "John Russell (Stockburn)", "Charles Hallahan (McGill)", "Marvin J. McIntyre (Jagou)", "Fran Ryan (Ma Blankenship)", "Richard Hamilton (Jed Blankenship)", "Graham Paul (Ev Gossage)", "Chuck Lafont (Eddie Conway)", "Jeffrey Weissman (Teddy Conway)", "Allen Keller (Tyson)", "Randy Oglesby (Elam)", "Herman Poppe (Ulrik Lindquist)", "Kathleen Wygle (Bess Gossage)", "Terrence Evans (Jake Henderson)", "Jim Hitson (Biggs)", "Loren Adkins (Bossy)", "Thomas H. Friedkin (Miner Tom)", "S.A. Griffin (Deputy Folke)", "Jack Radosta (Deputy Grissom)", "Robert Winley (Deputy Kobold)", "Billy Drago (Deputy Mather)", "Jeffrey Josephson (Deputy Sedge)", "John Dennis Johnston (Deputy Tucker)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You can't beat a good bit of Hickory.\r\n\r\nThe opening to Pale Rider is just excellent, at first all is calm and serene, but then the peace is shattered by the thundering of hooves. A group of men employed by Coy LaHood, tear thru a small mining community, shooting guns and trampling over all in their way. During this callous act of bullying, one of the men shoots and kills young Megan's dog. When Megan buries her beloved pet, she calls to god to send someone to help them against the greedy LaHood, because LaHood is intent on stripping the locals of their claims, and he literally will stop at nothing to get them. Later on Megan is reading from the bible, she reads aloud to her mother about \"beholding a pale horse and that the man who sat on it was death\", we then see a lone horseman riding towards this under fire place...\r\n\r\nBehold the pale horse because the man that sat on him was Clint Eastwood! And that's all you really want to know as regards what drives the film on. It had been quite some time since the movie watching world had witnessed a damn good Western, so it is obvious that Eastwood, knowing the genre inside out, felt it time to remind all and sundry about this engrossing genre and all its little peccadilloes. Riffing on his own High Plains Drifter from 1973 and homaging Shane in the process, Eastwood again uses supernatural leanings to play out this intriguing tale. Pale Rider works well because Eastwood cares for the genre so much, no frame is wasted and the acting on show delivers the necessary amount of quality to enhance the picture's impact. From the thundering opening to the gorgeous final shot, Pale Rider is an expertly crafted Western that still holds up today as a great entry on Eastwoods CV. Pale Rider. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10747, 11901, 4929, 10650]}