{"tmdb_id": 88947, "title": "A Dollar Between the Teeth", "original_title": "Un dollaro tra i denti", "slug_title": "a-dollar-between-the-teeth", "date": "1967-01-10", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Unknown to anybody else but himself The Stranger arrives in an abandoned town where he witnesses the slaughter of Mexican soldiers by a gang led by Aguila. The Stranger threatens Aguila to denounce him if he does not accept to let him take part in the theft of a shipment of gold. The plan is a success but when The Stranger claims his due, he gets a good beating instead. However The Stranger manages to escape with the gold. The bandits, who want his skin, pursue him. But The Stranger is not the kind to get caught so easily...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vrtc7CUdgHAwJyEu9JsG7Ek7Miu.jpg", "actors": ["Tony Anthony (The Stranger)", "Frank Wolff (Aguilar)", "Jolanda Modio (Chica)", "Gia Sandri (Maruca)", "Raf Baldassarre (Corgo)", "Aldo Berti (Marinero)", "Lars Bloch (Captain George Stafford)", "Antonio Marsina (Priest)", "Salvatore Puntillo (Aguilar Henchman)", "Fortunato Arena (Captain Cordoba)", "Rossella Bergamonti (Village Woman)", "Giovanni Ivan Scratuglia (Aguilar Henchman)", "Angela Minervini (Village Woman)", "Enrico Capoleoni ()", "Arturo Corso ()"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "pancine", "content": "Tony Anthony as The Stranger in an above average spaghetti. Frank Wolff as Aguilar was best behind a machine gun. Some good scenes Great ending. So little dialogue, the music seems almost non-stop as a filler. The main theme is OK, parts of the 'score' are truly crap and distracts from enjoying the film to an extent."}], "recommandations_id": [129851], "youtube_key": "notfound"}