{"tmdb_id": 8909, "title": "Wanted : Choisis ton destin", "original_title": "Wanted", "slug_title": "wanted-choisis-ton-destin", "date": "2008-06-19", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Wesley Gibson a toutes les raisons du monde d'\u00eatre malheureux. Tyrannis\u00e9 par son patron, tromp\u00e9 et humili\u00e9 par sa petite amie, ce jeune loser, victime d'angoisses r\u00e9currentes, ne survit qu'\u00e0 coup de tranquillisants et de plateaux repas macrobiotiques. C'est alors qu'une fille de r\u00eave fait irruption dans sa triste vie. Fox est une tueuse d'\u00e9lite, affili\u00e9e \u00e0 une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 secr\u00e8te : la Fraternit\u00e9, dont les membres se sont \u00e9rig\u00e9s en instruments du Destin. L'heure est venue pour Wes de prendre la suite de son p\u00e8re et de d\u00e9couvrir en lui-m\u00eame des ressources, une soif de violence, des r\u00e9flexes et des aptitudes insoup\u00e7onn\u00e9s. Sous la tutelle de Sloan et de Fox, Wes commence un entra\u00eenement rigoureux qui va faire de lui le meilleur assassin de la Fraternit\u00e9...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mUrkppyahzk6koYFekxeu0tmcPd.jpg", "actors": ["James McAvoy (Wesley Gibson)", "Angelina Jolie (Fox)", "Morgan Freeman (Sloan)", "Thomas Kretschmann (Cross)", "Terence Stamp (Pekwarsky)", "Common (The Gunsmith)", "Marc Warren (The Repairman)", "Kristen Hager (Cathy)", "David O'Hara (Mr. X (as David Patrick O'Hara))", "Konstantin Khabenskiy (The Exterminator)", "Dato Bakhtadze (The Butcher)", "Brad Calcaterra (Assassin Max Petridge)", "Lorna Scott (Janice)", "Chris Pratt (Barry)", "Sophiya Haque (Puya)", "Brian Caspe (The Pharmacist)", "Mark O'Neal (Co-Worker)", "Bridget McManus (Check-Out Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "DoryDarko", "content": "I typically never write a review on a film that I've already seen more than once, because I insist on the review reflecting my first (and strongest) impression of the film. But after watching Wanted for what must be the 5th or 6th time now, I suddenly felt like writing something anyway, so here I go.\r\n\r\nLet me begin by saying, this is one strange film. Strange in the sense that it's literally like a train wreck that you can't keep your eyes off because it's so fascinating to watch. And you almost feel sick with guilt and exhilaration because you're enjoying it so much. Violence never looked so gorgeous before... \r\n\r\nWanted is about a guy named Wesley Gibson, who is such a hopeless, pathetic dweeb that even Google won't return any results when he types in his own name. He is \"rescued\" from his pitiful cubicle existence by a gorgeous woman named Fox, who recruits him into an organisation of assassins known as The Fraternity, supposedly because they believe he is the only person who can kill the man who killed his father. Little does he know just how drastically his life will actually change once he agrees to join them.\r\n\r\nThe casting of the film is spot-on. James McAvoy has already proved himself to be a versatile actor and he is very believable as a weak push-over, who finds confidence in the fact that group of trained assassins apparently believe in his abilities. He also makes his character likable and fun to watch, because he delivers it with a sense of humour and you can actually relate to him because his situation is so understandable. Basically, he's just another slave to the wage, looking for a way to break free. This way is initially offered to him by Angelina Jolie, and who could say no to a woman like that... Ms Jolie plays a role that seems like it could only have been written specifically for her. Who else could play a beautiful and deadly assassin who's charismatic and covered in tattoos? She could and would kill you in a heartbeat, and yet you just want to be near her. Morgan Freeman plays Sloan, the leader of the Fraternity, and, well... I hardly need to elaborate on this one, do I? He makes pretty much every film he's in worth watching, and that's all I need to say.\r\n\r\nNow, I titled this review 'beautiful garbage'. That's not so much because the film itself is garbage, because it's not, but rather because the events portrayed in this film are so brutal and merciless that they could only come from a very dark and rotten place. The 'beautiful' is directed at the visual effects, because everything ranging from camera techniques to production design to action choreography is so beautifully done, so thrillingly eye-popping that it would almost make you forget that you're watching people get slaughtered, beat up and maimed. Tons of blood flow, brains are splattered against the wall and yet you can't take your eyes off that beautifully designed bullet. That awesome tattoo on Angelina Jolie's hand interlacing with the engravings on her gun. Those mind-blowing car chase scenes. That guy jumping through the glass out of a skyscraper just to finish his \"job\"... This film is visual effects executed to perfection, elevating said perfection to a whole new level. \r\n\r\nIt's all so pretty to watch that it would almost make you able to forgive the writers the overpowering lack of realism. Almost. \r\n\r\nThe staggering amount of ideas and actions that are 98% of the time either inconsistent, improbable or flat-out impossible would in any other case surely put any screenwriter out of work. With a film like this, it's literally only the wrapper that makes the candy sweet. It just goes to show that sometimes, making something really, really pretty can make it worth watching, just so long as you're willing to suspend every inch of disbelief for the sake of watching pretty pictures. Nature, science, biology and every other form of technical factuality is being put to the test here, which is not to say it's basically just being thrown out the window... But hey, I can promise you you're going to get to see a guy get in a car the way you've never seen before. And a girl get in a train in a fashion that defies every rule of physics... It's all worth it for a totally cool, put-your-brain-in-stand-by-mode kind of action flick. \r\n\r\nDirector Timur Bekmambetov has obviously tried his darnedest to make his mark in Hollywood with his first English spoken, big-budget effort, and may I say, he could've done a lot worse. Not to mention the fact that he has managed to recruit a few very big names to top the bill, this is definitely a Hollywood debut to be proud of. I can only hope he will continue to work with the same excellent crew in the future, because although only the sound department was nominated for an Oscar, camera and visual effects would have definitely deserved a nod from the Academy too.\r\n\r\nIn a nutshell, Wanted is an 110 minutes of gorgeous, eye-pleasing nonsense with great action and one very beautiful lady... I for one can't wait for the sequel.\r\n_(July 2012)_"}], "recommandations_id": [27576, 4108, 1995, 7451], "youtube_key": "q9Mr-iYZRZk"}