{"tmdb_id": 8913, "title": "Simetierre", "original_title": "Pet Sematary", "slug_title": "simetierre", "date": "1989-04-21", "genre": "Drame / Horreur", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "La famille Creed quitte Chicago et vient s'installer dans les environs de Ludlow, une paisible bourgade du Maine. Leur maison jouxte un cimeti\u00e8re d'animaux familiers situ\u00e9 sur les anciennes terres sacr\u00e9es des indiens Micmacs. Le seul voisin des Creed est un vieil ermite. Une s\u00e9rie d'accidents sanglants va rapidement transformer la vie des Creed en v\u00e9ritable cauchemar.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/hPlcm8MZVJnKd2BeT44LhlUrwPE.jpg", "actors": ["Dale Midkiff (Louis Creed)", "Fred Gwynne (Jud Crandall)", "Denise Crosby (Rachel Creed)", "Brad Greenquist (Victor Pascow)", "Michael Lombard (Irwin Goldman)", "Miko Hughes (Gage Creed)", "Blaze Berdahl (Ellie Creed)", "Susan Blommaert (Missy Dandridge)", "Mara Clark (Marcy Charlton)", "Kavi Raz (Steve Masterton)", "Mary Louise Wilson (Dory Goldman)", "Andrew Hubatsek (Zelda)", "Liz Davies (Girl at Infirmary)", "Kara Dalke (Candystriper)", "Stephen King (Priest)", "Chuck Courtney (Bill Baterman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And the night when the cold wind blows, No one cares, nobody knows.\r\n\r\nThe Stephen King novel from which the screenplay was adapted very nearly didn\u2019t see the light of day. It was actually written by King based on a real place and instances during a stay at a rented house. He was never quite happy with the tone of the book and only submitted it as a contractual obligation. Glad he did because it provides a very solid grounding for horror and deals with the very real horrors of overwhelming grief.\r\n\r\nThe film gets the tonal flows right, the family dynamic is neatly pitched in readiness for what is to come later, the house and the titular Pet Sematary of the title are eerie personified, and Fred Gwynne is on hand for a sage old characterisation. The potential for shattering horror is not fully realised, yet the makers deliver a good quota of scares and unease to make this a better than average King adaptation to screen. The use of the Ramones in the soundtrack is a good one, King loved them, they loved him, so much so they wrote the title track and named an album after it. 6.5/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Even if it wasn't any good, Pet Sematary's sort of a must watch given how heavily it's been referenced in the film and television industries since. But it is good, so there's that too.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [10906, 10823, 9529, 11797]}