{"tmdb_id": 8922, "title": "Jeepers Creepers : Le Chant du Diable", "original_title": "Jeepers Creepers", "slug_title": "jeepers-creepers-le-chant-du-diable", "date": "2001-07-01", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Les vacances d'\u00e9t\u00e9 sont enfin arriv\u00e9es et, comme chaque ann\u00e9e, Trish et Darry, deux \u00e9tudiants, fr\u00e8re et soeur, prennent la route pour rendre visite \u00e0 leurs parents. Sur le chemin, un routier agressif emboutit l'arri\u00e8re de leur voiture sans raison apparente. Quelques kilom\u00e8tres plus loin, Trish et Darry revoient le m\u00eame camion, \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 d'une \u00e9glise abandonn\u00e9e. Ils aper\u00e7oivent le conducteur, enti\u00e8rement v\u00eatu de loques, qui jette un corps dans une canalisation. Malgr\u00e9 les protestations de Trish, Darry veut en avoir le coeur net. D\u00e8s que la voie est libre, il va voir et s'engage dans le conduit. Il va y faire une d\u00e9couverte terrifiante.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/esHPuOSsEKoJXG8i1zJX0sn5NL8.jpg", "actors": ["Gina Philips (Patricia 'Trish' Jenner)", "Justin Long (Darius 'Darry' Jenner)", "Jonathan Breck (The Creeper)", "Patricia Belcher (Jezelle Gay Hartman)", "Eileen Brennan (The Cat Lady)", "Brandon Smith (Sgt. David Tubbs)", "Peggy Sheffield (Waitress Beverly)", "Jeffrey William Evans (Restaurant Manager)", "Patrick Cherry (Binky Plutzker)", "Jon Beshara (Officer Robert Gideon)", "Avis-Marie Barnes (Officer Natasha Weston)", "Steve Raulerson (Cellblock Officer)", "Tom Tarantini (Austin McCoy)", "William Haze (Officer with Hole in Chest)", "Kim Kahana (Camper Driver)", "Chris Shepardson (Dying Boy)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "VolcanoAl", "content": "I loved this movie.For it's budget & little CGI used.It was a great thriller.I don't consider it as horror.I'm sure many don't agree.I have been hoping for a new movie."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "An under-appreciated horror piece from my formative years, best watched going in with no clue what you are in for.\r\n\r\n_Final rating: \u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I strongly recommend you make the time._"}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Indeed, where did you get those eyes?\r\n\r\nSiblings Darius and Trish are driving home from college through rural America. They have a brief run in on the road with the driver of a beat up van, later on, on the road side, they observe weird goings-on from the driver of said van, an observation that puts both of them in immense danger.\r\n\r\nJeepers Creepers tips its hat off to the creepy horror movies that were all the rage in the 70s and early 80s, boasting genuine suspense and characters fully formed, Jeepers Creepers is something of a refreshing antidote to the ream of horror movies available that line up teenagers purely to be slasher fodder. Lifting it just above average is the fact that our two sibling protagonists have viable discussions before venturing into the realm of horror staple requirements, although the picture is \"B\" movie in substance, it does however attempt to be credible in its story telling.\r\n\r\nSadly though, after a wonderfully edgy first half, the picture drops down in standard, the introduction of \"The Creeper\" may well be a necessity, but it shifts the film to such a degree, it rapidly loses its creepy momentum. Not that the second half of the film is a disaster, far from it, it's got a scary fun vibe to it, it's just that it promises so much, but ultimately runs out of steam. Jeepers Creepers was successful enough to spawn inferior sequels, with the \"Creeper\" of the piece firmly entering the horror hall of fame, thus an argument for the film having done its job seems totally viable, it's just sad that it didn't stay on the side of edgy and become a horror classic. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11351, 9378, 9902, 9373], "youtube_key": "akFUWf5xe6k"}