{"tmdb_id": 89995, "title": "The Frozen Dead", "original_title": "The Frozen Dead", "slug_title": "the-frozen-dead", "date": "1966-10-15", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Horreur"], "score": "4.5/10", "synopsis": "A crazed scientist keeps the heads of Nazi war criminals alive until he can find appropriate bodies on which to attach them so he can revive the Third Reich.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eXS0MDYABav8Z6ifqvP45nGkFqq.jpg", "actors": ["Dana Andrews (Dr. Norberg)", "Anna Palk (Jean Norburg)", "Philip Gilbert (Dr. Ted Roberts)", "Kathleen Breck (Elsa Tenney)", "Karel Stepanek (General Lubeck)", "Basil Henson (Dr. Tirpitz)", "Alan Tilvern (Karl Essen)", "Anne Tirard (Mrs. Schmidt)", "Oliver MacGreevy (Joseph the Butler)", "Tom Chatto (Inspector Witt)", "John Moore (Bailey the Stationmaster)", "Charles Wade (Alfie the Porter)", "Edward Fox (Norburg's Brother (Prisoner #3))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ice Reich Baby!\r\n\r\nBritish sci-fier that\u2019s utterly mad and quite awful at times, yet for fans of \u201cB\u201d movie schlockers from days of yore there\u2019s enough boldness and charm to warrant a look. \r\n\r\nIn short order the plot entails a nutty scientist planning to revive frozen Nazis to kick start a new world order. Dana Andrews is the name actor in the lead role, complete with bad German accent, and Kathleen Breck is the star performer playing a head in a box; a victim of the mad scientists moving throughout the madness. It\u2019s all very silly and the fact that Andrews and company are taking it serious further induces the mirth factor. The effects work is a very mixed bag, but always fun, while there are some genuinely great scenes involving the frozen corpses, a wall of moving arms and every scene that Breck\u2019s head is involved in. None more so with the latter for the truly haunting ending. 2/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38395, 93041, 92429, 36461], "youtube_key": "owk9CNzi2o8"}