{"tmdb_id": 89, "title": "Indiana Jones et la derni\u00e8re croisade", "original_title": "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade", "slug_title": "indiana-jones-et-la-derniere-croisade", "date": "1989-05-24", "genre": "Aventure / Action", "score": "7.8/10", "synopsis": "Indiana Jones se lance cette fois-ci \u00e0 la recherche du Saint Graal, accompagn\u00e9 de l'\u00e9minent et tr\u00e8s maladroit Dr Henry Jones, son p\u00e8re. Malheureusement, ils ne sont pas les seuls lanc\u00e9s sur la trace du tr\u00e9sor, les nazis le convoitent \u00e9galement.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ftdvraBCzt0XiAxIyDwbXu8BgVr.jpg", "actors": ["Harrison Ford (Indiana Jones)", "Sean Connery (Professor Henry Jones)", "Denholm Elliott (Dr. Marcus Brody)", "Alison Doody (Dr. Elsa Schneider)", "John Rhys-Davies (Sallah)", "Julian Glover (Walter Donovan)", "River Phoenix (Indiana Jones (young))", "Michael Byrne (Vogel)", "Kevork Malikyan (Kazim)", "Robert Eddison (Grail Knight)", "Richard Young (Fedora)", "Alexei Sayle (Sultan)", "Paul Maxwell (Panama Hat)", "Isla Blair (Mrs. Donovan)", "Vernon Dobtcheff (Butler)", "Alex Hyde-White (Young Henry)", "J. J. Hardy (Herman)", "Bradley Gregg (Roscoe)", "Jeff O'Haco (Half Breed)", "Vince Deadrick Sr. (Rough Rider)", "Marc Miles (Sheriff)", "Ted Grossman (Deputy Sheriff)", "Tim Hiser (Young Panama Hat)", "Larry Sanders (Scout Master)", "Will Miles (Scout #1)", "David Murray (Scout #2)", "Jerry Harte (Professor Stanton)", "Billy J. Mitchell (Dr. Mulbray)", "Martin Gordon (Man at Hitler Rally)", "Paul Humpoletz (German Officer at Hitler Rally)", "Tom Branch (Hatay Soldier in Temple)", "Graeme Crowther (Zeppelin Crewman)", "Luke Hanson (Principal SS Officer at Castle)", "Chris Jenkinson (Officer at Castle)", "Nicola Scott (Female Officer at Castle)", "Louis Sheldon (Young Officer at Castle)", "Stefan Kalipha (Hatay Tank Gunner)", "Peter Pacey (Hatay Tank Driver)", "Pat Roach (Gestapo)", "Suzanne Roquette (Film Director)", "Eugene Lipinski (G-Man)", "George Malpas (Man on Zeppelin)", "Julie Eccles (Irene)", "Nina Armstrong (Flower Girl)", "Ronald Lacey (Gestapo)", "Nick Gillard (Tank Crewman Hit by Periscope (uncredited))", "Derek Lyons (German Soldier (uncredited))", "Lee Richards (Passenger on Airship (uncredited))", "Michael Sheard (Adolf Hitler (uncredited))", "Tip Tipping (Tank Crewman (uncredited))", "Frederick Jaeger (World War One Ace)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Raiders Of The Last Crusade.\r\n\r\nIndiana Jones teams up with his father to try and locate the Holy Grail. Something that the Nazis are again particularly interested in themselves. \r\n\r\nWe didn't know it at the time, but every Indiana Jones fan on the planet presumed that The Last Crusade was to be the final film to feature the intrepid archaeologist. As it turned out, another film would surface in 2008, but casting that aside (as many would like to do), Last Crusade should, and is, judged as the trilogy closer it was meant to be. \r\n\r\nIn 1988 Steven Spielberg was deep into bringing Rain Man to fruition, all thoughts of Indiana Jones had gone by the wayside with the harshly judged part two, Temple Of Doom. In stepped George Lucas to politely remind Spielberg that they had an agreement to make another Indiana Jones picture, Spielberg no doubt obliged and humble, passed on his Rain Man work to Barry Levinson who promptly bagged himself an Oscar for the film. It can be guessed that Spielberg was probably grouchy around this period, but he needn't have worried, because The Last Crusade provided a much needed hit for not only himself (post Empire Of The Sun), but also Lucas (Willow) and Harrison Ford (Frantic). \r\n\r\nI mention the run up to this picture because it explains a lot on why the film is pretty much a retread of Raiders Of The Lost Ark, something that some detractors find unforgivable. Yet Last Crusade is still an immensely enjoyable adventure picture, with Spielberg proving that he was still capable of a popcorn bonanza. Using the Raiders formula and moving away from the dark flourishes of Temple Of Doom, Last Crusade is actually the simplest film of the three, but still it manages, courtesy of a sparkling casting decision, to become the most entertaining of the original trilogy. Is it better than Raiders? Of course not, but it positively rips along with sparky dialogue and an agenda of cliffhanging suspense like the adventure films of yore. \r\n\r\nIn comes Sean Connery as Dr Jones Senior, and its the picture's trump card, because the magnificent interplay and obvious rapport with Ford (cool as a cucumber) is there for all to see. It's this what drives the film on thru it's more mundane and picture filler sequences, showcasing two top wily professionals with care and consideration to their craft. The casting of Alison Doody as the main female is a poor one, and one only has to look at her subsequent career post Crusade to see she wasn't up to the task here. Bonus comes in the form of the River Phoenix prologue, Phoenix as the young Indiana paves the way for the jaunty path that Crusade takes, whilst simultaneously giving us a nice little back story from which to launch the adventure. \r\n\r\nMade for $48 million, the film went on to gross $474,171,806 Worldwide, now that's a lot of people who evidently were happy with Raiders Of The Lost Ark 2! And I gleefully count myself amongst that number. 9/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "It feels very much a retread of _Raiders_. But, that was a great movie, so it's not exactly as if that's a bad plan.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605\u00bd - I really liked it. Would strongly recommend you give it your time._"}], "recommandations_id": [87, 85, 217, 1573]}