{"tmdb_id": 90003, "title": "Godfather's Daughter Mafia Blues", "original_title": "Lit foh ching sau", "slug_title": "godfather-s-daughter-mafia-blues", "date": "1991-10-31", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die / Action"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Lung comes from China to Hong Kong in search of a new life and fortune. He is employed as a security officer by Lee at a night club that he runs. When Lee\u2019s partner dies, his business is endangered by his partner\u2019s son, Soufu. As retribution, Lee\u2019s daughter May, hurts Soufu. Soufu\u2019s anger gets the best of him, and he murders Lee. May must now make the next move in this deadly game of chess, and asks Lung to help her avenge Lee\u2019s death. Lung hesitantly agrees, and the hunt is on to give Soufu exactly what he deserves!", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eojrTY5XmMzu0KnstdXHYIJr1lr.jpg", "actors": ["Yukari \u00d4shima (Amy)", "Mark Cheng (Wai)", "Alex Man Chi-Leung (Master Hwa)", "Ken Lo (Kuyama)", "Dick Wei (Master Tung)", "Benny Lai Keung-Kuen (Nan)", "Tung Chi ()", "Fung Hak-On (Kak)", "Wong Yu (Mr. Hsiong)", "Steve Mak Fei-Hung (Policeman)", "Fung Fung (Uncle Fung)", "Peter Yang Kwan (Senior in Hwa's Triad)", "Leung Kar-Yan (Senior in Hwa's Triad)", "Tai Bo ()", "Wynn Lau (Master Yung)", "Fong Yau ()", "Chow Kong ()", "Go Shut-Fung (Kuyama thug)", "Lee Jun-Git ()", "Mak Wai-Cheung ()", "Foo Wang-Tat (Mr. Yamada)", "Hoh Dung ()", "Mark King ()", "Alice Fung ()", "Anthony Cho Cheuk-Nin ()", "Tong Pau-Chung ()", "Lee Fat-Yuen ()", "To Wai-Wo ()", "Lai Sing-Kwong ()", "Louis Keung Kwok-Wah ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}