{"tmdb_id": 9013, "title": "Midnight Run", "original_title": "Midnight Run", "slug_title": "midnight-run", "date": "1988-07-20", "genre": ["Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Crime"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Jack Walsh, flic int\u00e8gre, a quitt\u00e9 la police parce qu'il refusait de se laisser acheter par un ca\u00efd de la drogue. Il est maintenant chasseur de primes pour le compte d'Eddie Moscone \u00e0 Los Angeles. Il doit retrouver le comptable qui a r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 escroquer le fameux ca\u00efd, responsable de son changement d'orientation professionnelle.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pVUfLM9z2H2rxB4Til8YvjUjnp.jpg", "actors": ["Robert De Niro (Jack Walsh)", "Charles Grodin (Jonathan Mardukas)", "Yaphet Kotto (FBI Agent Alonzo Mosely)", "John Ashton (Marvin Dorfler)", "Dennis Farina (Jimmy Serrano)", "Joe Pantoliano (Eddie Moscone)", "Richard Foronjy (Tony Darvo)", "Philip Baker Hall (Sidney)", "Jack Kehoe (Jerry Fleisher)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Midnight Run 1988, the benchmark for the buddy buddy road movie.\r\n\r\nThe unsung DeNiro classic. The missing 80s masterpiece as regards everything coming together, and simply the best buddy buddy movie that, to me at least, has ever hit the screen.\r\n\r\nDe Niro & Grodin, there is no other duo in the genre that bounces off each other with the 100% joyful results we get here. They define the term dynamic duo. Director Martin Brest lets his actors do their thing, it is the sort of film where the cast are just happy to be working and use their talent to the max. Be it improv or visually acting in the back ground, both men are at one and in some chemistry zone. \r\n\r\nThe score from Danny Elfman is like some hybrid Western wacky races fusion, but hell it works well. One of Elfman's best ever scores in fact. The dialogue is electric, some of the script is so sharp it should be put away in a sharps box and labelled up as to be opened whilst wearing gloves. The rest of the cast are uniformly brilliant, be it the wonderful John Ashton as rival bounty hunter Marvin, the menacing yet cheekily attired Dennis Farina as mob boss Jimmy Serrano, or Yaphet Kotto as the constantly irritated FBI agent Alonso Mosely, it's pretty much a flawless cast in optimum gear. \r\n\r\nThe rating on the big movie sites, though high enough, is still a disgrace, I can only think that DeNiro fans really didn't want to see him doing a comedy? Well I say they are wrong! Because this film shows that the great man once had much to give the comedy/action splinter of film. Perhaps he just needed the perfect foil of Charles Grodin alongside him? Either way this film is smart, funny, even tender at times (I defy all to not be touched deeply during a daughter/father reunion).\r\n\r\nIt has no peers for an 80s action/comedy, with bags of action (Brest shows some great skills at action construction) to keep the pulses raised. A group of characters beautifully brought to life by a top draw cast, and a finale that gladdens the heart because it closes exactly the way it should, Midnight Run, my bias not withstanding, is a benchmark movie for its ilk.\r\n\r\nFistophobia for those that don't agree! 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10859, 10141, 9434, 9749], "youtube_key": "B1_N28DA3gY"}