{"tmdb_id": 9022, "title": "Tous les gar\u00e7ons aiment Mandy Lane", "original_title": "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane", "slug_title": "tous-les-garcons-aiment-mandy-lane", "date": "2008-02-15", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Mandy Lane est si belle, si pure, si innocente... que tous les gar\u00e7ons la convoitent. Pour la s\u00e9duire, une bande de copains l'invite dans un ranch pour y f\u00eater la fin des classes. Au rendez-vous : sexe, drogues, alcool..., un invit\u00e9 surprise, qui tente de mettre la main sur le plus convoit\u00e9 des troph\u00e9es : Mandy Lane.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dH6s9ZI6r1PBn74rFO9IF6snfpF.jpg", "actors": ["Amber Heard (Mandy Lane)", "Anson Mount (Garth)", "Michael Welch (Emmet)", "Whitney Able (Chloe)", "Edwin Hodge (Bird)", "Aaron Himelstein (Red)", "Luke Grimes (Jake)", "Melissa Price (Marlin)", "Adam Powell (Dylan)", "Peyton Hayslip (Aunt Jo)", "Brooke Bloom (Cousin Jen)", "Robert Earl Keen (Keg Trucker)", "Amber Bartlett (Girl at pool party (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Several teens go to a cabin-in-the-woods to party (no, really)\u2026***\r\n\r\n\u2026 actually it\u2019s a ranch house, but close enough.  Anyway, they start getting picked off by a mad slasher with the most promiscuous ones dying first. Sound familiar?\r\n\r\n\u201cAll the Boys Love Mandy Lane\u201d debuted at film festivals in 2006 but curiously wasn\u2019t released to theaters until 2013. I\u2019m surprised this was even released to theaters because it\u2019s a low-budget indie slasher, nothing more. It cost $750,000, which is more than enough to make a competent film. The well-done \u201cAnother Kind\u201d (2013), for instance, only cost $120,000. But \u201cMandy Lane\u201d is just too all-around hackneyed and meh, which isn\u2019t helped by the fact that half the characters are repellent (e.g. Jake, Marlin & Chloe).\r\n\r\nThankfully, the filmmaking is competent with some nice cinematography of central Texas and Amber Heard in an early role is a highlight. Plus there\u2019s a surprise at the end, but it makes you question the person\u2019s motives. If you reflect on the material, though, it all makes sense and shows that some thought was put into the script. Of course this doesn\u2019t help the dull shallowness of most of the characters (who are SUPPOSED to be shallow, I get it).\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 30 minutes and was shot in the heart of Texas (Austin & Bastrop) with other stuff done in Santa Clarita, CA.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [16342, 26688, 13803, 46420]}