{"tmdb_id": 9028, "title": "Le Grand Silence", "original_title": "Il grande silenzio", "slug_title": "le-grand-silence", "date": "1968-02-21", "genre": "Western", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "Dans la province de l'Utah, aux Etats-Unis. Le froid extr\u00eame de cet hiver 1898 pousse hors-la-loi, b\u00fbcherons et paysans affam\u00e9s \u00e0 descendre des for\u00eats et \u00e0 piller les villages. Les chasseurs de prime abusent de cette situation. Le plus cruel se nomme Tigrero. Mais un homme muet, surnomm\u00e9 \"Silence\", s'oppose \u00e0 eux...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lwq2tN1F3QVLd2hBdvFFZmrTD41.jpg", "actors": ["Jean-Louis Trintignant (Silence)", "Klaus Kinski (Loco (Tigrero))", "Frank Wolff (Sheriff Burnett)", "Luigi Pistilli (Pollicut)", "Vonetta McGee (Pauline)", "Mario Brega (Martin)", "Carlo D'Angelo (Governor)", "Marisa Merlini (Regina)", "Maria Mizar (Blonde Saloon girl)", "Marisa Sally (Black-Haired Saloon Girl)", "Raf Baldassarre (Sanchez)", "Spartaco Conversi (Walter)", "Remo De Angelis (Fake Sheriff in Flashback)", "Mirella Pamphili (Red-Haired Saloon Girl in Flashback)", "Fortunato Arena (Outlaw)", "Giulio Baraghini (Man in Saloon)", "Gino Barbacane (Poker player)", "Bruno Corazzari (Charlie)", "Jacques Dorfmann (Miguel)", "Paolo Figlia (Jack)", "Adriana Giuffr\u00e8 (Silence's Mother in Flashback)", "Rocco Lerro (Outlaw)", "Loris Loddi (Silence as a boy)", "Mauro Mannatrizio (Hunter)", "William Mayor (Hunter)", "Emilio Messina (Silence's Father in Flashback)", "Benito Pacifico (Coachman)", "Fulvio Pellegrino (Governor's Assistant)", "Mimmo Poli (Barman)", "Aldo Ralli (Al's Deputy)", "Claudio Ruffini (Hunter)", "Giulia Salvatori (Child)", "Pupita Lea Scuderoni (Miguel's Mother)", "Lorenzo Terzon (Governor's Assistant)", "Bruno Ukmar (Hunter)", "Clemente Ukmar (Hunter)", "Franco Ukmar (Hunter)", "Giovanni Ukmar (Hunter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "For all I know he is the devil.\r\n\r\nThe Great Silence is directed by Sergio Corbucci and Corbucci co- writes the screenplay with Mario Amendola, Bruno Corbucci and Vittoriano Petrilli. It stars Jean-Louis Trintignant, Klaus Kinski, Frank Wolff, Luigi Pistilli, Vonetta McGee and Mario Brega. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Silvano Ippoliti.\r\n\r\nSnowhill, Utah - Winter at the turn of the century, and the local villagers have succumbed to thievery purely to survive. But with that comes bounties on their heads, which brings into the area the bounty hunters who are a law unto themselves. Enter the mute gunfighter known as Silence, who has a deep rooted hatred of bounty hunters...\r\n\r\nSomething of a cult classic and massively popular in Spaghetti Western fan's circles, The Great Silence is as perpetually cold as the snowy landscapes that surround this tale. Death is a financial commodity, greed and corruption stalks the land, while the shades between right and wrong are as blurry as can be. The violence cuts deep, none more so than with the famous finale that closes down the pic with a pneumatic thud. The photography captures the winter scapes perfectly and is in tune with the narrative drive, while maestro Morricone lays a ethereal musical score over proceedings. \r\n\r\nThere's some daft goofs such as a dead man blinking and manacles that mysteriously disappear, and not all the acting is of the standard that Kinski and Wolff provide, but this is one utterly unforgettable bowl of Spaghetti. Its reputation in the pasta circles well deserved. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [48169, 16662, 56373, 49397]}