{"tmdb_id": 9039, "title": "Mauvais Pi\u00e8ge", "original_title": "Trapped", "slug_title": "mauvais-piege", "date": "2002-09-20", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Karen et Will Jennings ont tout pour \u00eatre heureux. Elle est une styliste renomm\u00e9e et lui un m\u00e9decin anesth\u00e9siste r\u00e9put\u00e9. Abby, leur adorable petite fille, compl\u00e8te cet idyllique tableau familial.Pour Joe, Cheryl et Marvin, les Jennings sont une proie id\u00e9ale. Leur plan est au point, ils l'ont d\u00e9j\u00e0 exp\u00e9riment\u00e9 quatre fois auparavant. Ils enl\u00e8veront Abby ; Marvin ira la cacher quelque part, Joe s'occupera de Karen tandis que Cheryl surveillera Will. Cette op\u00e9ration ne durera que 24 heures... Les trois ravisseurs dispara\u00eetront avec l'argent et la petite famille sera de nouveau au complet, sans jamais porter plainte de peur que le cauchemar ne se reproduise.Pourtant, Joe ignore deux petites choses : Abby est une asthmatique chronique et toute crise peut lui \u00eatre fatale, et ni Karen ni Will ne sont d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 se laisser faire de la sorte...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/swDp4hdyTR45r3dgqX2pbKIdYJv.jpg", "actors": ["Charlize Theron (Karen Jennings)", "Kevin Bacon (Joe Hickey)", "Courtney Love (Cheryl Hickey)", "Stuart Townsend (William \"Will\" Jennings)", "Dakota Fanning (Abigail \"Abby\" Jennings)", "Pruitt Taylor Vince (Marvin)", "Colleen Camp (Joan Evans)", "Steve Rankin (Hank Ferris)", "Garry Chalk (Agent Chalmers)", "Jodie Markell (Mary McDill)", "Matt Koby (Peter McDill)", "Gerry Becker (Dr. Stein)", "Andrew Airlie (Holden)", "Randi Lynne (Hotel Operator)", "J.B. Bivens (Gray Davidson)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Clap Trap.\r\n\r\nTrapped is directed by Luis Mandoki and written by Greg Iles. It stars Charlize Theron, Kevin Bacon, Courtney Love, Stuart Townsend, Pruitt Taylor Vince and Dakota Fanning. Music is by John Ottman and cinematography is by Frederick Elmes.\r\n\r\nBased on Iles\u2019 book 24 Hours, Trapped aspires to be a potent kidnap thriller, an attempt to use the kidnapping of a young girl as some sort of edge of the seat entertainment, sadly it\u2019s poorly constructed and quite frankly ill advised.\r\n\r\nA fine cast has assembled for the picture, but nobody distinguishes themselves as they try to make the generic and idiotic material work. On the atmosphere side of the fence things aren\u2019t half bad, there\u2019s a grim and grubby feel to proceedings, but Mandoki consistently ruins each passage of promise with cack-handed convolutions, which when the core plot device is a dumb drug set-up, only makes the feeble efforts of making a twisty thriller even more laughable. The crowning glory of the latter being the finale, which is ludicrous. 2/10 with young Fanning the only one coming out of it with any credit."}], "recommandations_id": [10685, 13572, 11892, 10398]}