{"tmdb_id": 90406, "title": "La Loi de la prairie", "original_title": "Tribute to a Bad Man", "slug_title": "la-loi-de-la-prairie", "date": "1956-03-30", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "En sauvant la vie du riche propri\u00e9taire terrien Jeremy Rodock, Steve Miller gagne un ami. Rodock lui pr\u00e9sente sa femme Jocaste. Terrifi\u00e9e par la violence dont fait preuve son mari \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard des voleurs de chevaux, elle envisage m\u00eame de partir avec Steve.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5OdfDmdoai74hoslaZ4aoCw1xf6.jpg", "actors": ["James Cagney (Jeremy Rodock)", "Don Dubbins (Steve Miller)", "Stephen McNally (McNulty)", "Irene Papas (Jocasta Constantine)", "Vic Morrow (Lars Peterson)", "James Griffith (Barjak)", "Onslow Stevens (Hearn)", "James Bell (L.A. Peterson)", "Jeanette Nolan (Mrs. L.A. Peterson)", "Chubby Johnson (Baldy)", "Royal Dano (Abe)", "Lee Van Cleef (Fat Jones)", "Peter Chong (Cooky)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Jeremy Rodock\u2019s Valley.\r\n \r\nTribute to a Bad Man is directed by Robert Wise and adapted to screenplay by Michael Blankfort from the short story Hanging\u2019s for the Lucky written by Jack Schaefer. A CinemaScope/Eastman Color production, it stars James Cagney, Don Dubbins, Stephen McNally and Irene Papas. Music is by Mikl\u00f3s R\u00f3zsa and cinematography by Robert Surtees.\r\n \r\nJeremy Rodock (Cagney) is a no nonsense rancher whose ruthless hold on his considerable spread of land includes hanging rustlers without trial or sentence. When young Steve Millar (Dubbins) helps Rodock in a time of need, he is offered work on the ranch. But when his Greek mistress Jocasta Constantine (Papas) attracts interest from Steve and wrangler McNulty (McNally), it forces Rodock into even darker shades of his character.\r\n \r\nFollowing on from the wonderful Run for Cover the previous year, Cagney returned to the Western arena for the last time for Tribute to a Bad Man, and what a fitting picture on which to leave the West. \r\n \r\nThe film encountered problems in early production when Spencer Tracy had a sulk and walked off of the picture. So in came Cagney. Steve Millar was being played by Robert Francis, but the actor was tragically killed in a plane crash, so in stepped Dubbins. Wise\u2019s film is essentially a coming of age frontier Western, though it concerns two male characters coming of age at different places in their life. Millar is the young pup who has come West to seek employment and meaning in his life, Rodock is hard-bitten, grizzled and can\u2019t see further than his own pig-headed beliefs. Rodock will either have to change his ways, wake up and smell the coffee, or risk losing everything.\r\n \r\nWill Rodock come through? Can an old dog be taught new psychological tricks? When he once again deals out his own brand of justice he has surely gone too far this time? It also opens up an old rivalry wound that will ultimately define all involved. What is in store for Millar? Once his eyes have been opened and he sees that cowboy life can actually be harsh, as can his young emotions. Then there is the beautiful Jocasta, a woman ashamed of her past life back in Cheyenne, forever grateful to Rodock for taking her away from that life. The age difference between the two is considerable, but their relationship is based on trust, loyalty and realism. That is until the equilibrium is upset\u2026 \r\n \r\nTechnically it\u2019s a sumptuous production, where even if the thematics of the story doesn\u2019t sound like your thing, it\u2019s a film worth spending time with just to see Surtees\u2019 Scope photography and hear R\u00f3zsa\u2019s score. The former brings the striking Colorado Rockies to life with some breath taking distinction, while the latter provides music that positively swells then swirls around the magnificent back drop. With Cagney on mesmerising form, Papas and Dubbins not letting their inexperience affect the picture (Cagney took both under his wing), and Wise stringing it together as a knowing character based tapestry, it rounds out as a darn great and beautiful Oater. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [72638, 59401, 52859, 25502], "youtube_key": "notfound"}