{"tmdb_id": 9077, "title": "Tarantula !", "original_title": "Tarantula", "slug_title": "tarantula", "date": "1955-03-23", "genre": "Horreur / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Dans un laboratoire isol\u00e9, le Professeur Gerald Deemer travaille sur un nutriment qui permettrait de soulager la famine que menace de provoquer l'accroissement de population. Ses exp\u00e9rimentations ont abouti \u00e0 certains r\u00e9sultats ; mais au prix de s\u00e9rieux d\u00e9boires. Un jour qu'il s'est absent\u00e9, deux de ses coll\u00e8gues s'injectent le nutriment, avec des cons\u00e9quences effroyables les conduisant progressivement \u00e0 la mort par ce qui semble \u00eatre l'acrom\u00e9galie. L'un des deux meurt, tandis que l'autre attaque le professeur et lui injecte le produit avant de mourir. Pendant leur combat, une tarentule g\u00e9ante qui a elle aussi re\u00e7u une injection s'\u00e9vade de sa cage. D\u00e8s lors, elle ne cesse de grandir, et s'en prend aussi bien au b\u00e9tail qu'aux humains.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/A0Ke7M4EBw9EysaRqeeiPiVfHfS.jpg", "actors": ["John Agar (Dr. Matt Hastings)", "Mara Corday (Stephanie 'Steve' Clayton)", "Leo G. Carroll (Prof. Gerald Deemer)", "Nestor Paiva (Sheriff Jack Andrews)", "Ross Elliott (Joe Burch)", "Hank Patterson (Josh)", "Bert Holland (Barney Russell)", "Eddie Parker (Paul Lund)", "Steve Darrell (Andy Andersen)", "Edwin Rand (Lt. John Nolan)", "Raymond Bailey (Dr. Townsend)", "Clint Eastwood (Jet Pilot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Can all mankind escape the terror of its dread embrace...\r\n\r\nProfessor Gerald Deemer has been working on a special nutrient that will help offset a predicted food shortage, the serum he has created escalates growth in his lab animals at an alarmingly quick rate. Deemer quickly loses control of the experiment and during a fight at his lab a fire breaks out and a Tarantula that is already 50 sizes bigger than it should be, escapes, and soon all species are on the menu!\r\n\r\nTarantula is a big personal fave of mine from this particular genre, so I make no apologies for my uncontrolled bias! The film opens with a facially malformed man running through the desert until he collapses, and from then on in we are treated to a story involving acromegaly (a disease that causes gigantism), and a gigantic tarantula eating everything that gets in its path, its pure sci-fi/horror hokum for sure. However, Tarantula has that knack of spinning the story with only minor glimpses of the spider until we are positively sensing the dread that is about to be unleashed. Using a real spider inserted onto the screened landscape, and then having it crawling over smartly moulded miniature sets, really adds to the creepy fun unfolding. Directed by genre hero Jack Arnold, and starring stoic actors like John Agar & Leo G Carroll, Tarantula is 80 minutes of pure genre entertainment. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [40761, 52196, 18990, 31682]}