{"tmdb_id": 90, "title": "Le Flic de Beverly Hills", "original_title": "Beverly Hills Cop", "slug_title": "le-flic-de-beverly-hills", "date": "1984-11-29", "genre": "Action / Com\u00e9die / Crime", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Axel Foley a le don d'agacer son sup\u00e9rieur, Todd. Les m\u00e9thodes bien particuli\u00e8res de ce policier excentrique brouillent fortement les fronti\u00e8res traditionnelles entre malfrats et policiers. Ses coll\u00e8gues commencent \u00e0 se lasser de le trouver tout le temps m\u00eal\u00e9 aux truands qu'ils tentent d'arr\u00eater. Aussi Todd prend-il tr\u00e8s au s\u00e9rieux l'assassinat du meilleur ami de Foley et pr\u00e9f\u00e8re-t-il mettre son virevoltant subordonn\u00e9 en cong\u00e9 plut\u00f4t que de le voir foncer t\u00eate baiss\u00e9e \u00e0 la poursuite des meurtriers. Foley s'arrange tr\u00e8s bien de ces vacances inattendues et en profite pour se rendre \u00e0 Beverly Hills, o\u00f9 le conduisent les derni\u00e8res traces laiss\u00e9es par son d\u00e9funt ami. Il se met en devoir de retrouver les coupables, \u00e0 sa mani\u00e8re...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8FTzb0fZCXZUY4EDxvW3ZTzDyYG.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Murphy (Det. Axel Foley)", "Judge Reinhold (Det. William 'Billy' Rosewood)", "John Ashton (Det. Sgt. John Taggart)", "Ronny Cox (Lt. Andrew Bogomil)", "Paul Reiser (Jeffrey)", "Gilbert R. Hill (Insp. Douglas Todd)", "Lisa Eilbacher (Jeannette 'Jenny' Summers)", "Steven Berkoff (Victor Maitland)", "James Russo (Mikey Tandino)", "Jonathan Banks (Zack, Maitland's Thug)", "Stephen Elliott (Police Chief Hubbard)", "Bronson Pinchot (Serge)", "Michael Champion (Casey)", "Michael Gregory (Hotel Manager)", "Rick Overton (Bonded Warehouse Night Supervisor)", "Damon Wayans (Banana Man)", "Art Kimbro (Det. Foster)", "Joel Bailey (Det. McCabe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The heat is on - indeed!\r\n\r\nCocky rule dodging Detroit Cop Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) heads to Beverly Hills in search of those responsible for murdering his friend. Upon getting there he falls foul of everyone he meets due to his tough Detroit approach work. Undaunted, Foley, aided by old friend Jenny Summers (Lisa Eilbacher) and two intrigued local detectives, starts to unravel the mystery.\r\n\r\nHey Axel you got a cigarette?\r\n\r\nThere was a time when Eddie Murphy ruled the world. After Trading Places had introduced us to his sharp comedic tongue, and 48 Hours had shown him to be a more than capable action character actor, Beverly Hills Cop fused the two together and propelled Murphy to super stardom. Directed by Martin Brest and produced by Messers Simpson & Bruckheimer, it's really no surprise that \"Hills Cop\" is shallow, simple (a fish out of water comedy standard) and utterly commercial. Yet with its gusto, humorous script (Daniel Petrie Jr) and neat plotting, it becomes a hugely entertaining film - led superbly by Murphy due to infectious comedy energy and superb knack for timing.\r\n\r\nYou're not going to fall for the banana in the tailpipe routine!\r\n\r\nIt's hard to believe that the likes of Sly Stallone and Al Pacino were first mooted for the role, so not as a comedy one imagines, but as it being a standard police action movie, but enter Murphy and it ended up as a fine blend of action and comedy. There's little digs at Beverly Hills and its smugness, a way of life that Foley, with his down on the streets toughness, can't comprehend, while opposing police methods also get a wry once over -  wonderfully threaded in the relationship between Foley, Taggart (John Ashton) and Rosewood (Judge Reinhold). \r\n\r\n\r\nSmall gripes reside, such as Steven Berkoff's by the numbers villain being something of a let down and Ronny Cox is sadly playing filler time with an underwritten character. But this is about Murphy, the fabulous stunt work and the successful union of action and comedy. And hey! even Harold Faltermeyer's bobbing synth score, \"Axel F,\" has a nippiness that remains quintessentially 1980s. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [96, 306, 942, 941]}