{"tmdb_id": 91873, "title": "Giliap", "original_title": "Giliap", "slug_title": "giliap", "date": "1975-11-16", "genre": ["Crime / Drame"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "In a minor town the morose manager is primarily responsible for the bad atmosphere of a restaurant. But central for the plot are three persons: a male waiter who is never named (here called W), the female waiter Anna, and \"the count\", a self-invented nickname by a man cleaning plates. The count is skilled in making others do what he wants. Half a dozen of the personnel assist in a poorly planned and failed attempt to liberate a man whom the police move from one arrest to another. The event involves stealing a motorcycle and threatening policemen with a gun. Anna strongly tries to make contact with W. Finally it turns out that she need his help to break her sexual relation to the count, a relation that from her part is not motivated by positive feelings. W rejects her attempts. And then Anna has suddenly gone. She has got a pleasant job in another town. And then W's feelings awaken.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/g5SrQgmuezUtRlKnNi4ZKaTHjfb.jpg", "actors": ["Thommy Berggren (Giliap)", "Mona Seilitz (Anna)", "Willie Andr\u00e9ason (Gustav Svensson, \"Greven\")", "Lars-Levi L\u00e6stadius (Kreip)", "Henry Olhans (The Vulture, \"Gamen\")", "Rainer Mieth (Fat Chef)", "Julie Bernby (Singer)", "Pernilla August (Girl at Summer Hotel)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [71291, 76864, 119769, 135337], "youtube_key": "notfound"}