{"tmdb_id": 91990, "title": "In His Chart", "original_title": "\u795e\u69d8\u306e\u30ab\u30eb\u30c6", "slug_title": "in-his-chart", "date": "2011-08-27", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Dr. Ichito Kuriharai (Sho Sakurai) works at a clinic in Nagano Prefecture. He rarely has any free time due to the clinic's shortage of doctors and the constant influx of patients. Ichito even sometimes diagnoses patients out of his area of speciality and sometimes goes days without sleeping. He hopes to work at a major hospital where he can get more free time to spend with his wife Haruna (Aoi Miyazaki) and also specialize in his field of study. However, Ichito is also reluctant to add to shortage of doctors at the clinic and break his relationships with the patients.  One day, Dr. Ichito Kuriharai clears out the belongings of a terminal cancer patient who passed away. During this time, he discovers a letter made out to him thanking him for the care he provided to her, even though he could not cure her sickness. Dr. Ichito Kuriharai then has a revelation about the medical chart he keeps in his hand - filled with personal observations and concerns ...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/glfI0HKKbkwhactGjx9uAnIizaV.jpg", "actors": ["Aoi Miyazaki (Haruna Kuriharai)", "Sho Sakurai (Dr. Ichito Kuriharai)", "Michiko Kichise (Shizue)", "Aki Asakura (Youko Mizunashi)", "Chizuru Ikewaki (Naomi Touzai)", "Mariko Kaga (Kyoko Azumi)", "Akira Emoto (Doctor)", "Jun Kaname (Jiro Sunayama)", "Yoshinori Okada (Shidono Gaku)", "Taizo Harada (Danshaku)", "Tokuma Nishioka (Doctor)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "DSLxqA0Ap6Q"}