{"tmdb_id": 92056, "title": "The Last Lieutenant", "original_title": "Secondl\u00f8itnanten", "slug_title": "the-last-lieutenant", "date": "1993-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Norwegian war drama. The old sea-captain retires, but the next day German WWII occupation of Norway begins. He then kisses his wife good-bye and is off to Army HQ. There he finds a lack of leadership and morale that offends him. They even laugh at him and his out-dated uniform and officer-rank. Secondloitnanten then finds and leads his private troop of volunteers against the German attack. The movie tells the story of a man that refuses to give up, even when everybody else leaves. He will fight for the country he loves and do his duty.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/qqJSAClK78powvUT0a94NjzXfTa.jpg", "actors": ["Espen Skj\u00f8nberg (Thor Espedal)", "Lars Andreas Larssen (Bjelland)", "Gard B. Eidsvold (Merstad)", "Bj\u00f8rn Sundquist (Krogh)", "Morten Faldaas (Audun)", "Ove Christian Owe (Ingolf)", "Bjarne Thomsen (Bjarne)", "Rut Tellefsen (Anna)", "Camilla Str\u00f8m Henriksen (Ebba)", "Bj\u00f8rn Floberg (Kerlow)", "Nils Ole Oftebro (Col. Paulsen)", "Knut Haugmark (Knut)", "Johannes Eckhoff (Deaf man)", "B\u00f8rre Werner (Factory owner)", "Kjell Erik Killi Olsen (Depot manager)", "Erik \u00d8ksnes (Asbj\u00f8rn)", "Siri Rom (R\u00f8nnaug)", "Alexander M\u00f8rk Eidem (Berge)", "Harald Eia ()", "\u00c5sleik Engmark ()", "Bjarte Hjelmeland ()", "Turid Balke ()", "Gisken Armand ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}