{"tmdb_id": 923, "title": "Zombie", "original_title": "Dawn of the Dead", "slug_title": "zombie", "date": "1978-09-02", "genre": "Horreur", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Des morts-vivants assoiff\u00e9s de sang ont envahi la Terre et se nourrissent de ses habitants. Un groupe de survivants se r\u00e9fugie dans un centre-commercial abandonn\u00e9. Alors que la vie s'organise \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur, la situation empire \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/24E2Nq5QGHA3DhQgHrzLPmCDMU6.jpg", "actors": ["David Emge (Stephen)", "Ken Foree (Peter)", "Scott H. Reiniger (Roger)", "Gaylen Ross (Francine)", "David Crawford (Dr. Foster)", "David Early (Mr. Berman)", "Richard France (Dr. Milliard Rausch)", "Howard Smith (TV Commentator)", "Daniel Dietrich (Givens)", "Fred Baker (Police Commander)", "James A. Baffico (Wooley)", "Rod Stouffer (Roy Tucker)", "Jese Del Gre (Old Priest)", "Clayton McKinnon (Officer in Project Apt.)", "John Rice (Officer in Project Apt.)", "Ted Bank (Officer at Police Dock)", "Randy Kovitz (Officer at Police Dock)", "Patrick McCloskey (Officer at Police Dock)", "Joseph Pilato (Officer at Police Dock)", "Pasquale Buba (Motorcycle Raider)", "Tony Buba (Motorcycle Raider)", "Tom Savini (Motorcycle Raider)", "Larry Vaira (Motorcycle Raider)", "Marty Schiff (Motorcycle Raider)", "Taso N. Stavrakis (Motorcycle Raider)", "Sharon Ceccatti (Lead Zombie (Nurse))", "Mike Christopher (Lead Zombie (Hare Krishna))", "Clayton Hill (Lead Zombie)", "Christine Forrest (TV Producer / Zombie / Mall Announcer (voice) (uncredited))", "George A. Romero (TV Director / Biker (uncredited))", "John Amplas (2nd Guy on Roof (uncredited))", "Greg Besnak (Fu Manchu Zombie (uncredited))", "Rik Billock (Mall Suit Zombie)", "Roy Frumkes (Pie-in-Face Zombie (uncredited))", "Debra Gordon (Zombie (uncredited))", "Michael Gornick (Radio News Reporter (voice) (uncredited))", "Donald Rubinstein (Parking Lot Zombie (uncredited))", "Warner Shook (Security Guard Zombie (uncredited))", "Sara Venable (Leotard Zombie (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This is one of the finest sequels ever, in that it's both of comparable quality with the original, yet is fundamentally different from it at the same time. Marvelous stuff, with aspects copied thousands of times over the past two generations, with no end in sight.\r\n\r\nThis and 'Salo, or the 120 Days of Sodom', from about the same time frame, would make one of the best double-bills ever on the evils of consumerism gone rampant..."}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Romero\u2019s imaginative and thrilling zombie sequel \r\n\r\nA decade after the excellent \u201cNight of the Living Dead\u201d (1968), writer/director George Romero offers up this exceptional sequel. The plague of reanimated corpses with a hunger for warm flesh is now global and society is increasingly breaking down. A television exec (Gaylen Ross), her helicopter-reporter beau (David Emge) and two SWAT officers (Ken Foree and Scott Reiniger) take refuge in a suburban mall. Unfortunately for them, a veritable army of biker-raiders wants the mall for their own.\r\n\r\nOne of the main reasons this film is so iconic is because Romero seriously considered what it would be like after a \u2018zombie apocalypse\u2019 and came up with an inspired story. While the bleakness of the situation is addressed there\u2019s also a sense of adventurous freedom; for instance, the protagonists having an entire mall to themselves.\r\n\r\nThe movie\u2019s disturbing, ghastly and gory, but also action-packed and sometimes humorous. The zombies make for good bullet fodder while, at the same time, satirizing consumer society. The creative score is varied and I\u2019m sure it was cutting edge at the time, but it\u2019s very dated today, although you\u2019ll probably find yourself acclimating to it. The no-name cast is convincing with the towering Foree standing out while Emge comes across as a poor man\u2019s Donald Sutherland.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 2 hours, 7 minutes with the longer version running 2 hours, 19 minutes (the one I watched). It was shot in Monroeville, Pennsylvania, and nearby Pittsburgh.\r\n\r\nGRADE: A-"}], "recommandations_id": [8408, 10331, 11683, 765]}