{"tmdb_id": 924, "title": "L'Arm\u00e9e des morts", "original_title": "Dawn of the Dead", "slug_title": "l-armee-des-morts", "date": "2004-03-19", "genre": "Fantastique / Horreur / Action / Drame", "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Personne ne peut expliquer comment tout cela est arriv\u00e9, mais ce matin, le monde n'est plus qu'un immense cauchemar. La population de la plan\u00e8te se r\u00e9sume d\u00e9sormais \u00e0 une horde de morts vivants assoiff\u00e9s de sang et lanc\u00e9s \u00e0 la poursuite des derniers \u00eatres humains encore en vie. Apr\u00e8s avoir miraculeusement r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 s'\u00e9chapper de son quartier, Ana Clark se barricade avec un petit groupe de survivants dans un centre commercial. Andr\u00e9 et sa femme enceinte, Michael et Kenneth, officiers de police, vont tout faire pour rester vivants. Alors que dehors, la situation est de pire en pire, \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur, il faut aussi faire face aux peurs et aux d\u00e9mons de chacun.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/5sGRgVijLfKt81r9KHnlIyaXyFS.jpg", "actors": ["Sarah Polley (Ana)", "Ving Rhames (Kenneth)", "Jake Weber (Michael)", "Mekhi Phifer (Andre)", "Ty Burrell (Steve)", "Matt Frewer (Frank)", "Michael Kelly (C.J.)", "Kevin Zegers (Terry)", "Lindy Booth (Nicole)", "Jayne Eastwood (Norma)", "Boyd Banks (Tucker)", "Inna Korobkina (Luda)", "Kim Poirier (Monica)", "Louis Ferreira (Luis)", "Bruce Bohne (Andy)", "Scott H. Reiniger (The General)", "Tom Savini (The County Sheriff)", "Ken Foree (The Televangelist)", "Natalie Brown (CDC Reporter)", "Phillip MacKenzie (Thrashing Zombie)", "Zack Snyder (Commando at White House (uncredited))", "Hannah Lochner (Vivian)", "Michael Barry (Bart)", "Caitlin McKenna-Wilkinson (ADR Group (voice))", "Elisa Gabrielli (ADR Group (voice))", "Jessica Gee-George (ADR Group (voice))", "Mona Marshall (ADR Group (voice))", "Keith Anthony (ADR Group (voice))", "Dee Bradley Baker (ADR Group (voice))", "Richard Cansino (ADR Group (voice))", "Eddie Frierson (ADR Group (voice))", "Grant George (ADR Group (voice))", "Lex Lang (ADR Group (voice))", "Dave Mallow (ADR Group (voice))", "Danny Mann (ADR Group (voice))", "Richard Miro (ADR Group (voice))", "Bob Papenbrook (ADR Group (voice))", "Tony Pope (ADR Group (voice))", "Al Rodrigo (ADR Group (voice))", "Michael Sorich (ADR Group (voice))", "Terrence Stone (ADR Group (voice))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Come on, man. You must've heard the priest say something about life and death.\r\n\r\nGeorge Romero fans feared the worst, another one of his sacred original zombie trilogy films was being remade, this even though the remake of Night of the Living Dead didn't disgrace itself. As it happened, the fears were unfounded, for Zack Snyder and his team crafted one of the best horror remakes going.\r\n\r\nThe premise follows Romero's wonderful version, a mysterious epidemic is causing the populace to turn into undead zombies, the bite of which transfers the illness to another. A small group of survivors make it to the Crossroads Mall and hole up there whilst trying to keep at bay the zombie hordes, but inner fighting threatens the group whilst they know they can't stay there for ever.\r\n\r\nRight from the off the film grabs you around the throat, it's a blistering and terrifying opening which brings heartbreak and terror in equal measure. It also announces to us that these zombies are different to Romero's, these suckers can run, and run fast. After some chaos and blood, the introductions to our survivors is set up and the pic settles into a superb group dynamic situation, where machismo and brains meet dumb and dumber, all while little devilish moments trickle away in the background.\r\n\r\nIt's the focus on the survivors that really lifts it to greater heights, how they variously react to their plight, there's good thought gone into the screenplay (James Gunn). The natural progression of this type of film calls for horror moments, and Snyder deftly slots them in when the pic needs them, which again brings about scenes of terror and genuine heartbreaking moments. Some neat cameos will be cheered by fans of Romero's work, while the cast are superb here, with Sarah Polley the standout fulfilling the believable promise of the character as written.\r\n\r\nA remake that is its own beast yet still pays homage to what inspired it, and good at both! Now that's a rare thing in horror! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11683, 1562, 4513, 170]}