{"tmdb_id": 9257, "title": "S.W.A.T. Unit\u00e9 d'\u00e9lite", "original_title": "S.W.A.T.", "slug_title": "s-w-a-t-unite-d-elite", "date": "2003-08-08", "genre": ["Action / Thriller / Crime"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Si Dan Harrelson revient dans l'unit\u00e9 d'\u00e9lit\u00e9 S.W.A.T., c'est pour former une nouvelle \u00e9quipe dont il aura la charge. Contre l'avis de sa hi\u00e9rarchie, ce v\u00e9t\u00e9ran regroupe de jeunes agents d\u00e9j\u00e0 int\u00e9gr\u00e9s, mais \u00e9galement quelques \u00e9l\u00e9ments au caract\u00e8re bien tremp\u00e9. Chris Sanchez, l'unique femme, Deacon Kaye et surtout Jim Street int\u00e8grent ainsi le programme d'entra\u00eenement intense. Jim n'attendait que \u00e7a. Lui qui avait \u00e9t\u00e9 mis \u00e0 pied quelque temps plus t\u00f4t pour une bavure de son co\u00e9quipier d'alors, Brian Gamble, trouve enfin l'occasion de saisir sa chance. Au m\u00eame moment, Alex Montel, un redoutable trafiquant de drogue tout juste captur\u00e9, promet cent millions de dollars \u00e0 celui qui le lib\u00e9rera par n'importe quel moyen. Cette \u00e9norme somme d\u00e9clenche une surench\u00e8re de tentatives auxquelles les autorit\u00e9s ne peuvent plus faire face. L'\u00e9quipe Harrelson est appel\u00e9e en renfort...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/AgwobKKS20WRaQCHj5ut2R4KyHa.jpg", "actors": ["Samuel L. Jackson (Sgt. Dan 'Hondo' Harrelson)", "Colin Farrell (Jim Street)", "Michelle Rodriguez (Chris Sanchez)", "LL Cool J (Deacon 'Deke' Kay)", "Josh Charles (T.J. McCabe)", "Jeremy Renner (Brian Gamble)", "Brian Van Holt (Michael Boxer)", "Olivier Martinez (Alex Montel)", "Reg E. Cathey (Lt. Greg Velasquez)", "Domenick Lombardozzi (GQ)", "Larry Poindexter (Capt. Thomas Fuller)", "Page Kennedy (Travis)", "James DuMont (Gus)", "Denis Arndt (Sgt. Howard)", "Lindsey Ginter (Agent Hauser)", "Octavia Spencer (Neighbor in Alley)", "Noel Gugliemi (Latino Thug)", "Clark Johnson (Deke's Handsome Partner)", "Matt Gerald (Nick)", "Ken Davitian (Uncle Martin Gascoigne)", "Tricia Kelly (Waitress at Pub)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Competent actioner.\r\n\r\nS.W.A.T. is neither here nor there, in that if it was made ten years earlier it would in all probability be better thought of. The problem is that there is such a long line of action movies that entertain without pushing the boat out, some, like S.W.A.T., throw a good cast list at it and hope that carries the film through, others just go over the top with the pyrotechnics and think that is job done. Abandon hope of something fresh and exhilaratingly kinetic and S.W.A.T. passes muster.\r\n\r\nThe plot of S.W.A.T. basically sees Samuel L. Jackson put in charge of a crack team of five cops with attitude and guts. Their main mission, after all the training and baring out of character's respective traits and psychological make-ups, is to ensure an imprisoned drug kingpin doesn't get broken out of jail after said scum-bag offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of said police custody. Cue crash, bangs, double-crosses and a face from the past coming back into the picture after being telegraphed by an incident that opens the film.\r\n\r\nAlong with Sam are Colin Farrell, Michelle Rodriguez, LL Cool J, Josh Charles and Brian Van Holt. Oliver Martinez slips into the slimy villain shoes and Jeremy Renner does another one of his unhinged characterisations. Director Clark Johnson never breaks free of his TV roots, because the film often feels like a glorified TV episode, but his action construction is competent and he has decent actors to keep the film from sinking down among the dead men. Competent is the key word here, it's a decent time waster for the action movie fan, but really it feels like the action movie hadn't advanced much from the previous decade. A shame because there was much potential in the story. 6/10"}], "recommandations_id": [1647, 9679, 82, 9705], "youtube_key": "tLhMJFw5HVQ"}