{"tmdb_id": 9262, "title": "Mon espion pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9", "original_title": "My Mom's New Boyfriend", "slug_title": "mon-espion-prefere", "date": "2008-04-30", "genre": ["Action / Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s deux ann\u00e9es pass\u00e9es \u00e0 l'\u00e9tranger comme correspondant du FBI, Henry rentre chez lui pour int\u00e9grer l'antenne locale de Shreveport. Sa m\u00e8re, Marty, qu'il a quitt\u00e9e ob\u00e8se et chroniquement d\u00e9prim\u00e9e, a profit\u00e9 de son absence pour faire un r\u00e9gime et retrouver sa joie de vivre et son pouvoir de s\u00e9duction. Tommy, \u00e0 Shreveport pour un soi- disant \" voyage d'affaires \", tombe par hasard sur l'excentrique Marty et tombe, malgr\u00e9 lui, amoureux de cette insouciante fofolle. De son c\u00f4t\u00e9, Henry se voit confier la surveillance d'un voleur d'oeuvres d'art recherch\u00e9 dans le monde entier. Ce dernier d\u00e9couvre qu'il s'agit du nouveau petit ami de sa m\u00e8re !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ptUqLYKSU3ESFB8U8j7QUVC5riB.jpg", "actors": ["Meg Ryan (Marthy Durand)", "Antonio Banderas (Thomas Martins)", "Selma Blair (Emily Lock)", "Colin Hanks (Henry Durand)", "Trevor Morgan (Eddie)", "John Valdetero (Agent Fedler)", "Eli Danker (Jean Yves Tatao)", "Tom Adams (Niko Evangelatos)", "Keith David (FBI Chief Conrad)", "Enrico Colantoni (Enrico the Chef)", "Marco St. John (Inspector Laborde)", "Aki Avni (Agent Randle)", "Tarri Markel (Agent Cisneros)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**The family of two cops and a thief and a super hot mom!**\r\n\r\nBasically, this film was nothing, just a timepass flick. Of course it has a story, though easily predictable. The actors were okay, but it was their roles which were not challenging enough. There are no good comedies, all were so plain or maybe already seen in different films. So this is one of those comes and goes kind, I mean not to stay in anybody's hit list.\r\n\r\nThe son who is working in the FBI returns to his mom's with his fianc\u00e9 who works with him to stay for a while. One day while they all were out, the mom meets a stranger and instantly they two start to see each other. But what they don't know is the man's an art thief and planning for a big heist. So within them, two cops and a thief, how the events turn out, especially how it affect their romance was told in the remaining part.\r\n\r\nI have not seen Meg Ryan for a long time, though this is nearly a decade old film that I watched now. All I'm familiar with is the beautiful Meg from the 1990s romantic comedies. She looks quite the same, but not impressed with her performance. The others like Antonio Banderas was not bad, including Colin Hanks and Selma Blair. It could entertain those who watch films occasionally. But for a film fanatic like me it is completely boring, because the common line everyone of us say is 'I'd seen a better one'. So it is okay for a few people, but not for everyone.\r\n\r\n_6/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [81994, 99754, 369450, 126853], "youtube_key": "kBrFrd2LqJA"}