{"tmdb_id": 92751, "title": "La Louve Sanguinaire", "original_title": "La lupa mannara", "slug_title": "la-louve-sanguinaire", "date": "1976-03-18", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "La Louve sanguinaire : Daniella Neseri est une jeune femme assez perturb\u00e9e depuis qu'elle a \u00e9t\u00e9 victime d'une agression sexuelle \u00e0 l'\u00e2ge de quinze ans, elle ne s'en est jamais remis totalement et depuis quelques temps son \u00e9tat empire. A la suite de la d\u00e9couverte d'un m\u00e9daillon \u00e0 l'effigie d'une de ses anc\u00eatres, d'\u00e9tranges cauchemars viennent la hanter. Il faut dire que cette v\u00e9n\u00e9rable anc\u00eatre avait fini sa vie sur un b\u00fbch\u00e9 car elle \u00e9tait accus\u00e9e de lycanthropie.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/8gOlFoqUu3ycTtxkEtYqymVLGew.jpg", "actors": ["Annik Borel (Daniela Neseri)", "Renato Rossini (Luca Mondini)", "Dagmar Lassander (Elena Neseri)", "Pietro Torrisi (Alvaro - Rapist)", "Elio Zamuto (Psychiatrist)", "Andrea Scotti (Arrighi)", "Frederick Stafford (Inspector Modica)", "Tino Carraro (Count Neseri)", "Felicita Fanny (Doctor in Car)", "Salvatore Billa (Rapist)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "This, one of the films in my 'Nightmare Worlds' 50-pack from Mill Creek, was much better than I had previously anticipated. The soundtrack was quite impressive, and readily brought to mind the finer moments the band Goblin had provided in their work for Dario Argento's string of 70's-80's giallo masterpieces. The production values were quite decent overall for such a film, and I loved both the premise and its execution.\r\n\r\nAnnik Borel was exemplary as the ill-fated protagonist Daniela, and takes a few lessons from Linda Blair's portrayal of the possessed in 'The Exorcist' for whenever she loses control of her inhibitions and resorts to her more animalistic urges. Kudos to the filmmakers for bringing psychological issues and the effects of sexual abuse and rape to the forefront, even if it's for an 'exploitation' film.\r\n\r\nYes, the story arc is predictable (though suspense-fully carried out), there is gratuitous sex and nudity at every conceivable moment (and a lot of inconceivable ones!), and you get that tired lie 'this is a true story--only the names have been changed', but it's as if you would think those are bad things. It was a great 79 minutes I will always fondly remember--unless I get Altzheimer's disease or something. Highly recommended to anyone who loves 70's horror movies, softcore porn, or exploitation films in general. 70's Italian movies aren't so bad."}], "recommandations_id": [39979, 92307, 89337, 27729], "youtube_key": "notfound"}