{"tmdb_id": 9280, "title": "Femme fatale", "original_title": "Femme Fatale", "slug_title": "femme-fatale", "date": "2002-08-29", "genre": ["Thriller / Crime / Romance"], "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Laura Ash, une jeune femme t\u00e9n\u00e9breuse et v\u00e9nale, double ses complices lors d'un hold-up commis \u00e0 Cannes en plein Festival. Poursuivie jusqu'\u00e0 Paris, elle rev\u00eat l'identit\u00e9 de son sosie parfait, une jeune veuve au bord du suicide nomm\u00e9e Lily. Dans l'avion qui la m\u00e8ne \u00e0 New York, elle s\u00e9duit un fringant quadrag\u00e9naire qui n'est autre que l'ambassadeur des \u00c9tats-Unis en France, Bruce Hewitt Watts.\r 7 ans plus tard, mari\u00e9s, ils apparaissent en couverture d'un magazine people. Mais les anciens acolytes de Laura, Black Tie et Racine, sont toujours sur sa piste, et la photo de la tra\u00eetresse, vol\u00e9e par Nicolas Bardo, un paparazzi qui travaille pour la revue en question, relance l'engrenage infernal. Intrigu\u00e9 par Lily, celui-ci d\u00e9cide de la suivre. Commence un jeu du chat et de la souris qui va rapidement s'av\u00e9rer dangereux pour lui.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cCSFOZh20p1p6qEdiHazFW9sdOh.jpg", "actors": ["Rebecca Romijn (Laure/lily)", "Antonio Banderas (Nicolas Bardo)", "Peter Coyote (Watts)", "Rie Rasmussen (Veronica)", "Gregg Henry (Shiff)", "Eriq Ebouaney (Black Tie)", "Edouard Montoute (Racine)", "Thierry Fr\u00e9mont (Serra)", "Jo Prestia (Napoleon)", "Fiona Curzon (Stanfield Phillips)", "Daniel Milgram (Pierre)", "Jean-Marc Min\u00e9o (Seated Guard)", "Salvatore Ingoglia (Truck Driver)", "Bart De Palma (Power Room Guard)", "Sandrine Bonnaire (Herself)", "R\u00e9gis Wargnier (Himself)", "Gilles Jacob (Himself)", "Jean Chatel (Cannes Commentator)", "\u00c9va Darlan (Irma)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Isn't sugar better than vinegar?\r\n\r\n**SPOILER ALERT - The last paragraph makes reference to a 1940s film that constitutes a spoiler. ** \r\n\r\nThere rarely seems to be anything in between where Brian De Palma films are concerned, cinematic lovers of all kinds by and large either trash or laud his films. Femme Fatale is no different, one critic - both professional or amateur - will have it as a 1/10 movie, another will have it at the maximum rate available. Femme Fatale is high grade stuff if one is either a De Palma fan or a lover of film noir. Conversely if these two things don't tick your film loving boxes then the law of averages suggests you should have - or should - stayed/stay away from it.\r\n\r\nDe Palma opens up the doors to his fun house and invites noir lovers to come on in and enjoy. It's difficult to write about the plot because it holds many twists and turns, it's a veritable supply of uppers and downers, twisters and benders, all sexed up and pumped full of De Palma's trademark tricks and devilish rug pulls. In truth the story and set-up is predictable, but the journey is what makes the pic ooze quality and bare faced cheek, with the director giggling away like a schoolgirl in the background.\r\n\r\nOpening up with a sequence that sees our titular fatale (Rebecca Romijn-Stamos) watching famed noir classic Double Indemnity, De Palma proceeds to homage and love the film noir world. As he uses split-screens, canted angles, up-tilt shots, shadow plays etc, the narrative pulses with eroticism and impending cruelty, this really is a femme fatale based movie of the grandest kind. As events unfurl, with hapless photographer Nicola Bardo (a fun packed Antonio Banderas) caught in the web, Ryuichi Sakamoto's magnificent classical based score swirls around like some sort of peeping tom. The latter of which finds a shifty accomplice in Thierry Arbogast's noir photography.\r\n\r\nIt's a picture awash with dupes, dopes and vengeful criminals, where the themes of identity, duality, sexuality and distorted perceptions gnaw away at those investing fully in the viewing experience. Some critics (prof and amat) have lazily likened the film to David Lynch's Mulholland Drive, as if De Palma in 6 short months watched Lynch's movie and then knocked this film out! The copy-cat charge as funny as the rug-pull that De Palma pulls here. Besides, as any film noir lover will tell you, this has more in keeping with Fritz Lang's 1944 noirer \"The Woman in the Window\" than Lynch's film, which is no bad thing at all, and De Palma knew that. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2084, 11507, 22307, 8688], "youtube_key": "4qrox5ZS2go"}