{"tmdb_id": 9291, "title": "Mi-temps au mitard", "original_title": "The Longest Yard", "slug_title": "mi-temps-au-mitard", "date": "2005-05-27", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Lorsque Paul Crewe, star du football am\u00e9ricain, se retrouve en prison pour fraude sur les matchs, il ne veut plus rien avoir \u00e0 faire avec ce sport. Mais les gardiens l'obligent \u00e0 monter une \u00e9quipe avec les autres d\u00e9tenus. D'un groupe de hors-la-loi disparate, Crewe doit faire une \u00e9quipe capable d'affronter les gardiens d\u00e9cid\u00e9s \u00e0 en d\u00e9coudre...Avec l'aide de Nate et Caretaker, Crewe promet \u00e0 ses \"joueurs\" l'occasion de prendre leur revanche sur ceux qui leur pourrissent la vie tous les jours. Chaque camp va tout donner pour pr\u00e9parer la rencontre historique qui sera aussi l'occasion de r\u00e9gler d\u00e9finitivement les comptes...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ag6q9euZABqbHtbDhoRT9xEYltP.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Paul Crewe)", "Chris Rock (Caretaker)", "Burt Reynolds (Coach Nate Scarborough)", "Michael Irvin (Deacon Moss)", "Nelly (Megget)", "Bill Goldberg (Battle)", "Terry Crews (Cheeseburger Eddy)", "Bob Sapp (Switowski)", "Nicholas Turturro (Brucie)", "Dalip Singh Rana (Turley)", "Lobo Sebastian (Torres)", "Steve Reevis (Baby Face Bob)", "Tracy Morgan (Ms. Tucker)", "William Fichtner (Captain Knauer)", "Bill Romanowski (Guard Lambert)", "Kevin Nash (Guard Engleheart)", "Steve Austin (Guard Dunham)", "Brian Bosworth (Guard Garner)", "Michael Papajohn (Guard Papajohn)", "Conrad Goode (Guard Webster)", "Brandon Molale (Guard Malloy)", "James Cromwell (Warden Hazen)", "Cloris Leachman (Lynette)", "Rob Schneider (Punky)", "Jason Williams (Texas State Policeman)", "Chris Berman (Chris Berman)", "Jim Rome (Jim Rome)", "Dan Patrick (Officer Jack Pugh)", "Ed Lauter (Duane)", "Big Boy (Jesse)", "Courteney Cox (Lena (uncredited))", "Sean Salisbury (Vic)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You're as maniacal as a box of kittens.\r\n\r\nA remake of Robert Aldrich's 1974 film The Mean Machine, which starred Burt Reynolds, this version sees Peter Segal direct and Adam Sandler headlining. Also starring are Chris Rock, Burt Reynolds, James Cromwell and William Fitchner.\r\n\r\nOne time gridiron superstar Paul Crewe, now disgraced, gets himself sent to a prison run by a gridiron fanatical warden. Coerced into being part of a match between the guards and the cons, Crewe has his work cut out to make a team out of misfits, runts and near idiots!\r\n\r\nAdam Sandler has always proved divisive, and this film has proved to be no exception. Massively popular at the box office (over $100 million profit), it's a film that anyone with an aversion to Sandler should stay away from. I mean if by 2005 you hadn't realised he's not for you then why would you watch this?\r\n\r\nComing from someone who absolutely adores the original film, I had no hesitation in watching this, I like Sandler and I don't mind remakes as I'm always intrigued to see how they pan out. This is full of prison stereotypes, close to the knuckle humour and meaty violence, but is it funny? From my perspective yes it is, very much so, with some of the dialogue sparkling and delivered with comedic grace by a fine cast. But that's me, others, as we know, don't feel the same. \r\n\r\nThe action is well put together by Segal, the convicts training sequences are great fun, while the main game that crowns the pic is exciting, dramatic and yes, great fun. The support slots contain more beef than an Aberdeen Angus stew, with the likes of Michael Irvin, Terry Crews, Steve Austin and Brian Bosworth fronting up, while David Patrick Kelly playing a weasel is never a bad thing. A lot of people loved it in 2005, I'm now one of their number. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2022, 9032, 9614, 10663], "youtube_key": "Cl--Ye9pmAQ"}