{"tmdb_id": 931, "title": "Ne vous retournez pas", "original_title": "Don't Look Now", "slug_title": "ne-vous-retournez-pas", "date": "1973-12-03", "genre": "Thriller / Drame / Horreur", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Un couple qui vient de perdre son enfant retourne \u00e0 Venise, o\u00f9 la femme, d\u00e9sempar\u00e9e, consulte une voyante...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1PSZUxEA2MTTGMqaUiBQ4rUpHRf.jpg", "actors": ["Julie Christie (Laura Baxter)", "Donald Sutherland (John Baxter)", "Hilary Mason (Heather)", "Clelia Matania (Wendy)", "Massimo Serato (Bishop Barbarrigo)", "Renato Scarpa (Inspector Longhi)", "Giorgio Trestini (Workman)", "Leopoldo Trieste (Hotel Manager)", "David Tree (Anthony Babbage)", "Ann Rye (Mandy Babbage)", "Nicholas Salter (Johnny Baxter)", "Sharon Williams (Christine Baxter)", "Bruno Cattaneo (Detective Sabbione)", "Adelina Poerio (Dwarf)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "talisencrw", "content": "Note-perfect direction, pacing, script and performances make this one of the eeriest, creepiest and unique horror films I have ever seen, and from Roeg's very strong run of films. Perhaps the finest 'reveal' of all time, in fact.\r\n\r\nIn short, a 'must-see' film, and if you enjoy beautifully-shot psychological horror, it's definitely worth a purchase in the finest quality print available, and re-watches...hopefully once every Halloween season, in fact."}, {"pseudo": "Milo_Jeeder", "content": "I honestly had a great enthusiasm towards this film before I watched it and I really longed for a film that would mainly offer a sinister atmosphere for the most part. I had read so many great things about \"Don't Look Now\" and the plot, the locations and the characters looked compelling enough to me to give this movie a chance and be prepared to enjoy an over and done masterpiece. Frankly, I am aware that most people who like this film, are probably going to think I'm terribly brainless because I was somehow disappointed by it, but I would much rather speaking my mind and giving my honest opinion.\r\n\r\nThe main reason why this film turned into a disappointment to me, was mostly the fact that there were quite a lot of scenes that worked as a sleeping pill to me. I think I have seen a decent share of horror films that offer big moments of silence and so-called clever symbolism and subtle details that somehow help to build a solid story. However, in \"Don't Look Now\", I felt a bit overwhelmed by the excessive amount of pointless sequences (and I'm pretty sure they ARE pointless) and images that in the end are reduced to nothing whatsoever. I felt like most of these puzzling and unsolved details, were Nicolas Roeg's way to mystify the audience with discourteous methods and filling blanks to make the movie longer and by some means more \"interesting\" to look at. Nevertheless, opposite to what those chaotic sequences were meant to incite, I felt somehow underestimated and ripped off. This film could have offered the same story and lots of bright symbolism, without the requirement of bombing the audience with tedious states of affair. I'm very supportive of ambiguity in horror films, when help to create a sinister atmosphere, at least. As an example, I'd probably mention Lucio Fulci, whose films are mostly criticized by the great quantity of nonsensical scenes. However, in Mr. Fulci's case, I think the puzzling aspect of his films, at least contribute in a great deal, to develop a terrifying atmosphere. So to make it short and clear, what I condemn the most about \"Don't Look Now\", is its offensive and underestimating ambiguity that leads to nothing at all and simply leaves the audience doubting about their own intelligence.\r\n\r\nToo bad this film cheats the audience with so many pointless oscillations, because the story itself is not bad at all and the characters look darkly beautiful enough to make a frightening horror film, like the two old sisters, for example. The locations were probably one of the most appealing elements in \"Don't Look Now\" and probably one of the main reasons why I agreed to watch the movie until it was finished instead of just leaving it incomplete. I am not one of those horror fans who expect a big \"EUREKA!\" moment during the last minutes of a film, I can guarantee that. However, I do not appreciate feeling mocked after a movie is finished. I'm sure this comment will be voted as NOT useful several times by people who support this film and think I'm just an airhead who didn't get it, but that's all right\u2026 I can live with that ;)\r\n\r\n(My five stars, mostly are due to the locations and a couple of eerie moments that made the whole thing endurable somehow)."}], "recommandations_id": [16372, 11167, 11481, 31417]}