{"tmdb_id": 9333, "title": "Dernier recours", "original_title": "Last Man Standing", "slug_title": "dernier-recours", "date": "1996-09-20", "genre": "Action / Crime / Drame / Thriller / Myst\u00e8re", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "A l'\u00e9poque de la prohibition, deux familles rivales se m\u00e8nent une guerre sans merci dans une ville du Texas, J\u00e9richo, passage oblig\u00e9 de l'alcool de contrebande qui arrive par camions entiers du Mexique. Un jour, Smith, voyageur solitaire et myst\u00e9rieux, traverse la ville en \u00e9tat de si\u00e8ge dans le seul but d'y passer la nuit. Mais quel est le but de ce chevalier solitaire?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/p6zRDzUD94MOUJo5EkAdC6Gu404.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (John Smith)", "Bruce Dern (Sheriff Ed Galt)", "William Sanderson (Joe Monday)", "Christopher Walken (Hickey)", "David Patrick Kelly (Doyle)", "Karina Lombard (Felina)", "Ned Eisenberg (Fredo Strozzi)", "Alexandra Powers (Lucy Kolinski)", "Michael Imperioli (Giorgio Carmonte)", "Ken Jenkins (Captain Tom Pickett)", "R. D. Call (Jack McCool)", "Ted Markland (Deputy Bob)", "Leslie Mann (Wanda)", "Patrick Kilpatrick (Finn)", "Luis Contreras (Comandante Ramirez)", "Raynor Scheine (Gas Station Attendant)", "Tiny Ron Taylor (Jacko the Giant)", "John Paxton (The Undertaker)", "Michael Cavalieri (Berto)", "Hannes Fritsch (Santo)", "Michael Strasser (Docker)", "Matt O'Toole (Burke)", "Lin Shaye (The Madame)", "Larry Holt (Border Patrolman)", "Dean Rader Duval (Donnie)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And like Jericho, Walls come tumbling down.\r\n\r\nLast Man Standing is directed by Walter Hill who also adapts the screenplay from a story written by Ry\u00fbz\u00f4 Kikushima and Akira Kurosawa. It stars Bruce Willis, Bruce Dern, William Sanderson, Christopher Walken, David Patrick Kelly, Karina Lombard and Ned Eisenberg. Music is by Ry Cooder and cinematography by Lloyd Ahern.\r\n\r\nWalter Hill's variant on Yojimbo, plot basically sees Willis as drifter John Smith, who after arriving in the dusty town of Jericho, promptly sets about making some serious cash by playing the town's two gangs off against each other. Smith is one tough hombre, a deadly pistoleer who has a fear of nothing, which is why the two respective gang leaders want him to work for them. Noses get put out of joint, blood flows, scores settled and a anti-hero is born, complete with permanent scowl and dry narration.\r\n\r\nThe look and sound is terrific, Cooder's pessimistic twangs are all over the plot, while the visuals dovetail between sun-baked landscapes and the misty lensed ghost town of Jericho. Hill brings his trademark stylish violence into play, with slow-mos and rapid fire shoot-outs impressive, while his skill at creating an antique atmosphere is very much in evidence. Unfortunately the narrative isn't up to much, it lacks scope and characters merely exist, making this very much a style over substance exercise. It also means that much of the cast are given only morsels to feed on. A shame when you got Walken and Kelly on overdrive when on screen.\r\n\r\nIt's an odd blend of a Western with Prohibition Noir characters, but it's unmistakably a Walter Hill film. For his fans there's enough to like about it whilst accepting it's a bit of a throwaway on the page. For the casual crime/action film fan, however, it's likely to be much ado about nothing. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [4824, 9319, 9292, 9604]}