{"tmdb_id": 9340, "title": "Les Goonies", "original_title": "The Goonies", "slug_title": "les-goonies", "date": "1985-06-07", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Familial", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Lorsqu'un groupe de promoteurs d\u00e9cide de racheter le quartier des Goonies (les cr\u00e9tins) pour le d\u00e9molir et construire un parcours de golf, ces derniers d\u00e9cident de se faire une derni\u00e8re vir\u00e9e ensemble. Ils suivent une vieille carte au tr\u00e9sor qui les m\u00e8ne dans une s\u00e9rie de cavernes souterraines construites au XVIIe si\u00e8cle par un pirate l\u00e9gendaire nomm\u00e9 Willy-le-Borgne. Les Fratelli, famille de criminels recherch\u00e9e par la police, sont aussi \u00e0 la recherche du tr\u00e9sor.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pmFtZVJipbW19YyKotAi56RDtcV.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Astin (Mikey Walsh)", "Josh Brolin (Brand Walsh)", "Jeff Cohen (Lawrence \"Chunk\" Cohen)", "Corey Feldman (Clark \"Mouth\" Devereaux)", "Kerri Green (Andy Carmichael)", "Martha Plimpton (Stephanie \"Stef\" Steinbrenner)", "Jonathan Ke Quan (Richard \"Data\" Wang)", "John Matuszak (Sloth)", "Robert Davi (Jake Fratelli)", "Joe Pantoliano (Francis Fratelli)", "Anne Ramsey (Mama Fratelli)", "Lupe Ontiveros (Rosalita)", "Mary Ellen Trainor (Mrs. Walsh)", "Keith Walker (Mr. Walsh)", "Curtis Hanson (Mr. Perkins)", "Steve Antin (Troy)", "Paul Tuerpe (Sheriff)", "George Robotham (Prison Guard)", "Charles McDaniel (Chunk's Father)", "Elaine Cohen McMahon (Chunk's Mother)", "Michael Paul Chan (Data's Father)", "George Nicholas McLean (Mouth's Father)", "Bill Bradley (Bill)", "Jeb Stuart Adams (Troy's Friend #1)", "Eric Briant Wells (Troy's Friend #2)", "Gene Ross (Man in Shower #1)", "Max Segar (Man in Shower #2)", "Newt Arnold (Man in Shower #3)", "Jack O'Leary (Reporter #1)", "Patrick Cameron (Reporter #2)", "Orwin C. Harvey (Tennis Player)", "Ted Grossman (FBI Man)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Ah, kids adventure films, how fondly we remember.\r\n\r\nIn an effort to ward off property developers and save the Walsh's from having to move away. Mikey Walsh, Brand Walsh and their intrepid friends, set off to look for pirate treasure they believe exists after the discovery of a dust covered map.\r\n\r\nFun fun fun! Treasure, pirates, booby traps, crooks, weird cellar dwelling humans, water slides, wishing wells and budding teenager romances, The Goonies has it all. \r\n\r\nDirected by Richard Donner and written by Steven Spielberg and Christopher Columbus, The Goonies is one of those rare animals that thrills the children and bewitches the adults in equal measure. Romping along at a fair old click, the film never stops to pause for breath, thus dragging the viewers along for the ride. \r\n\r\nThere is no expense spared with the production (the sets are delightful) and the cast are mostly engaging. There's some minor annoyances, such as the girls being adventure caricatures, but itches are easy to scratch if you have engaged from the off with its fantastical charms.\r\n\r\nIt's a film that once loved in childhood should hopefully stay far beyond into your adult years. A junior Raiders Of The Lost Ark perhaps? Maybe not, but still one wholly satisfying action adventure experience, one that's standing the test of time for many of us with our fondly nostalgic glasses perched delicately on the end of the nose. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [927, 2978, 620, 1547]}