{"tmdb_id": 93462, "title": "Who's the Caboose?", "original_title": "Who's the Caboose?", "slug_title": "who-s-the-caboose", "date": "1997-04-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "A documentary team gets a grant to do a film on a rare fatal disease that is attacking homeless people. However, they quickly find the film too depressing. Ducking into a nightclub, they discover a young Manhattan comedienne and decide instead to follow her as she makes the circuit of auditions in L.A. as she tries to get a TV pilot. Unfortunately, she has failed to tell her boyfriend of this move. He decides he will trail her out west. There, the boyfriend runs into an old friend who has already made a break on a TV pilot. Seizing the opportunity, the actress turns her attentions to the established actor. However, the actress goes nowhere in auditions, but her ex-boyfriend is suddenly noticed and becomes the next hot prospect.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4npDbQqCl5Uw8Q7sAvTLvaZJxjd.jpg", "actors": ["Sam Seder (Max Rabin)", "Sarah Silverman (Susan Underman)", "H. Jon Benjamin (Ken Fold)", "David Earl Waterman (Earl)", "Alex Ferrer (Homeless Man)", "Eric Slovin (Congratulator #1)", "Leo Allen (Congratulator #2)", "Beth Tapper (Susan's Friend)", "Alison Solomon (Susan's Other Friend)", "Todd Barry (Football Player)", "Marc Maron (Comedian)", "Ross Brockley (Social Dilettante)", "Andy Dick (Jason Reemer)", "Laura Silverman (At Every Audition Girl)", "Laura Kightlinger (Gwenn)", "Wendy Smith (Casting Director #1)", "Esau McKnight (Sensai)", "Mark Cohen (Alternative Comedian)", "John Barnett (TV's John Devlin)", "Jeff Rosenthal (Client)", "Eliza Coyle (Client)", "Lauren Dombrowski (Jason's Assistant)", "Kathy Griffin (Katty)", "David Cross (Jaded Guy)", "Joel Avalos (Taco Stand Owner)", "Jana Marie Hupp (Papillion)", "Andy Kindler (Sitcom Writer)", "Jack Plotnick (V.P. of Casting)", "John Ennis (Irish Songster)", "Mary Lynn Rajskub (Cheeseball)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "fc8ExrJ0Hb8"}