{"tmdb_id": 9346, "title": "Risky Business", "original_title": "Risky Business", "slug_title": "risky-business", "date": "1983-08-05", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance / Drame"], "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Un jeune adolescent am\u00e9ricain, absorbe par ses \u00e9tudes, ne connait rien de la vie. Ses copains d\u00e9cident de parfaire son \u00e9ducation en invitant une call-girl alors que ses parents son absents. Une aventure va commencer pour Jo\u00ebl. Lui qui r\u00eavait d'une carri\u00e8re de chef d'entreprise, le voila a la t\u00eate d'une entreprise pas tr\u00e8s recommandable.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/60ioiHP0H6PHYcXz7oJvqildpNZ.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Cruise (Joel Goodsen)", "Rebecca De Mornay (Lana)", "Curtis Armstrong (Miles)", "Bronson Pinchot (Barry)", "Joe Pantoliano (Guido)", "Richard Masur (Rutherford)", "Shera Danese (Vicki)", "Raphael Sbarge (Glenn)", "Janet Carroll (Joel's Mother)", "Nicholas Pryor (Joel's Father)", "Kevin Anderson (Chuck)", "Sarah Partridge (Kessler)", "Scott Harlan (Stan Licata)", "Brent Bauer (Howie Rifkin)", "Bruce A. Young (Jackie)", "Francine Locke (Shower Girl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Entertaining teen comedy with Tom Cruise and Rebecca De Mornay, but disturbingly dishonest***\r\n\r\n\u201cRisky Business\u201d (1983) stars Tom Cruise as a preppy teen from the Chicago suburbs. When his parents leave for a trip, he has the house to himself and enlists the services of a call girl (Rebecca De Mornay), which leads to serious and amusing problems.\r\n\r\nThis is the film with the iconic sequence of Cruise lip-syncing in private to Bob Seger\u2019s \"Old Time Rock and Roll.\" We\u2019ve all done it. In any case, \u201cRisky Business\u201d is similar to \u201cFerris Bueller\u2019s Day Off\u201d (1986), but with the artiness of \u201cLess than Zero\u201d (1987) minus the melancholy.\r\n\r\nAs far as all-around entertainment goes, this is an easy 7/10, but I have to lower my grade due to the glorification of prostitution. Yes, I realize it\u2019s a teen comedy and you have to roll with it to enjoy it, which I did and did.\r\n\r\nBut the portrayal of prostitution & prostitutes is strictly fantasyland and I find it disingenuous and irresponsible.  Would all these guys seriously be so hot for these women who have sex with several strangers every work day? Am I the only one who finds this gross? Wouldn\u2019t at least some of them be concerned about STDs? Wouldn\u2019t the loose lifestyle of prostitution negatively affect the women, psychologically and spiritually? Wouldn\u2019t there be signs of \u201cwear and tear\u201d? Of course none of these types of realities are addressed.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 39 minutes and was shot in Highland Park, Illinois, & the Chicago area.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C"}], "recommandations_id": [7520, 2119, 37233, 9080], "youtube_key": "pzB4ni0VH1A"}