{"tmdb_id": 9355, "title": "Mad Max : Au-del\u00e0 du D\u00f4me du Tonnerre", "original_title": "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome", "slug_title": "mad-max-au-dela-du-dome-du-tonnerre", "date": "1985-06-29", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Max, de retour, s'est fait d\u00e9pouiller de son maigre bien. Suivant le voleur, il arrive \u00e0 la Ville du Troc, o\u00f9 r\u00e8gne Entity. Celle-ci l'engage pour qu'il la d\u00e9barrasse de Master et Blaster, rois du Monde souterrain. N'ayant voulu tuer Blaster, Max est abandonn\u00e9 en plein d\u00e9sert, d'o\u00f9 il ressurgit \u00e0 la t\u00eate d'une troupe d'enfants pour faire exploser la Ville du Troc.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9ciqnBU2YlMtMrqNwRzhmaMeL9l.jpg", "actors": ["Mel Gibson (Mad Max Rockatansky)", "Tina Turner (Aunty Entity)", "Bruce Spence (Jedediah the Pilot)", "Helen Buday (Savannah Nix)", "Angelo Rossitto (Master)", "Adam Cockburn (Jedediah Jr.)", "Frank Thring (The Collector)", "Paul Larsson (Blaster)", "Angry Anderson (Ironbar)", "Robert Grubb (Pig Killer)", "George Spartels (Blackfinger)", "Edwin Hodgeman (Dr. Dealgood)", "Bob Hornery (Waterseller)", "Andrew Oh (Ton Ton Tattoo)", "Ollie Hall (Aunty's Guard)", "Lee Rice (Aunty's Guard)", "Tushka Bergen (Guardian)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Charles Dance", "content": "**The best of the Mad Max films**\r\n\r\nHigh production values and a compelling story line make this the best of the series. This one doesn't rely on basic car smashes for the duration and instead gives us a moving and more thoughtful adventure.\r\n\r\nNo campy men dressed for the _Blue Oyster_ bar in this one, thank goodness. _The Road Warrior_ (1981) is widely regarded as the best but I have to disagree. That film had a very one note narrative that verged on the bland and an overload of homoerotic imagery.\r\n\r\nThis is a beautiful looking and entertaining film that does not have the shoddy and amateur vibe of the first two. _Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome_ is the film that the first should have been.\r\n\r\n\r\n- Charles Dance"}], "recommandations_id": [8810, 9659, 9387, 9610], "youtube_key": "YOol44WGats"}