{"tmdb_id": 9359, "title": "Maverick", "original_title": "Maverick", "slug_title": "maverick", "date": "1994-05-20", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Western"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Alors qu'il s'appr\u00eate a participer au tournoi du si\u00e8cle, Maverick, professionnel du poker, se retrouve sans le sou, menac\u00e9 de mort par un mauvais perdant nomm\u00e9 Angel et en butte aux provocations d'une jeune et belle joueuse, Anabelle Blansford, qui multiplie les aguicheries tout en se d\u00e9robant obstin\u00e9ment \u00e0 ses avances.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oGSiAJTT9BxN3sxrg4Fyfc8ElGg.jpg", "actors": ["Mel Gibson (Bret Maverick)", "Jodie Foster (Annabelle Bransford)", "James Garner (Marshal Zane Cooper)", "Graham Greene (Joseph)", "Alfred Molina (Angel)", "James Coburn (Commodore Duvall)", "Dub Taylor (Room Clerk)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Matthew Wicker / Eugene, Banker)", "Paul L. Smith (The Archduke)", "Dan Hedaya (Twitchy, Riverboat Poker Player)", "Dennis Fimple (Stuttering)", "Denver Pyle (Old Gambler on Riverboat)", "Clint Black (Sweet-Faced Gambler)", "Max Perlich (Johnny Hardin)", "Art LaFleur (Poker Player)", "Leo Gordon (Poker Player)", "Jean De Baer (Mary Margret)", "Paul Brinegar (Stage Driver)", "Hal Ketchum (Bank Robber)", "Corey Feldman (Bank Robber)", "John M. Woodward (Bank Robber)", "Jesse Eric Carroll (Stable Boy)", "Toshonnie Touchin (Stable Boy)", "John Meier (Unshaven Man)", "Steven Chambers (Unshaven Man)", "Doc Duhame (Unshaven Man)", "Lauren Shuler Donner (Mrs. D., Bathhouse Maid)", "Courtney Barilla (Music Box Girl)", "Kimberly Cullum (Music Box Girl)", "Gary Richard Frank (Crooked Dealer)", "Read Morgan (Dealer)", "Steve Kahan (Dealer)", "Stephen Liska (Dealer)", "Robert Jones (Bank Employee)", "J. Mills Goodloe (Telegraph Operator)", "Vilmos Zsigmond (Albert Bierstadt)", "Waylon Jennings (Man with Concealed Guns)", "Kathy Mattea (Woman with Concealed Guns)", "Carlene Carter (Waitress)", "Vince Gill (Spectator)", "Janis Oliver Gill (Spectator)", "William Smith (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Chuck Hart (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Doug McClure (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Henry Darrow (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Michael Paul Chan (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Richard Blum (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Bert Remsen (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Robert Fuller (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Donal Gibson (Riverboat Poker Player)", "William Marshall (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Bill Henderson (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Cal Bartlett (Riverboat Poker Player)", "Danny Glover (Bank Robber (uncredited))", "Margot Kidder (Margret Mary (uncredited))", "Reba McEntire (Spectator (uncredited))", "Bob Jennings (Bartender)", "Frank Orsatti (Unshaven Man)", "Paul Tuerpe (Poker Player)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "From the moment I slapped eyes on this hombre, I smelled trouble. And re-fried beans.\r\n\r\nMaverick is directed by Richard Donner and written by William Goldman. It stars Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster and James Garner, with support coming from Alfred Molina, Graham Greene and James Coburn. The music is scored by Randy Newman and Vilmos Zsigmond is on photography. It's based on the 1950s television series of the same name and the plot finds Gibson as Maverick and follows his attempt to take his place in a major five-card draw poker tournament. With Foster and Garner in tow, there's plenty of adventures and misadventures along the way. \r\n\r\nAfter Costner's Dances With Wolves and Eastwood's Unforgiven had reignited interest in the Western genre in the 90s, Richard Donner and his team felt the time was right to unleash a light hearted Western on the mainstream audience. Timing was important, as was the casting, but Maverick is the sort of family friendly fun that could in truth be released at any time in any decade and still be a hit at the box office. It's not particularly clever in narrative or themes, but with its blending of action, romance and comedy seamlessly coming together as a whole, Maverick is practically hard to dislike. Even the cast seem to be having a real good time, with Gibson smooth and roguish, Foster dainty yet spunky and Garner (the original Maverick from the TV show) offering up a sort of stoic maturity over proceedings; with all three playing the comedy with ease (how great it is to see Foster in such a role). Donner and Goldman have also shown respect to both the TV show and the Western in general (check out those lovely landscapes), while it's always fun to play spot the numerous stars in the cameos. \r\n\r\nHarmless fluff, then, but always watchable and never once over reaching itself by trying to be something it's not. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2112, 3595, 943, 11967], "youtube_key": "mQ69CVbCiow"}