{"tmdb_id": 935, "title": "Dr Folamour", "original_title": "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb", "slug_title": "dr-folamour", "date": "1964-01-29", "genre": "Drame / Com\u00e9die / Guerre", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral Jack Ripper, convaincu que les Russes ont d\u00e9cid\u00e9 d'empoisonner l'eau potable des \u00c9tats-Unis, lance sur l'URSS une offensive de bombardiers B-52 en ayant pris soin d'isoler la base a\u00e9rienne de Burpelson du reste du monde. Pendant ce temps, Muffley, le Pr\u00e9sident des \u00c9tats-Unis, convoque l'\u00e9tat-major militaire dans la salle d'op\u00e9rations du Pentagone et tente de r\u00e9tablir la situation.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kzeH0qI7j8OphsrLtb8peapgbuw.jpg", "actors": ["Peter Sellers (Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake / President Merkin Muffley / Dr. Strangelove)", "George C. Scott (General \"Buck\" Turgidson)", "Sterling Hayden (Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper)", "Keenan Wynn (Colonel Bat Guano)", "Slim Pickens (Major \"King\" Kong)", "Peter Bull (Botschafter De Sadesky)", "James Earl Jones (Lt. Lothar Zogg)", "Tracy Reed (Miss Scott)", "Jack Creley (Mr. Staines)", "Frank Berry (Lt. Dietrich)", "Robert O'Neill (Adm. Randolph)", "Glenn Beck (Lt. Kivel)", "Roy Stephens (Frank)", "Shane Rimmer (Capt. 'Ace' Owens)", "Hal Galili (Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member)", "Paul Tamarin (Lt. Goldberg)", "Laurence Herder (Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member)", "John McCarthy (Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member)", "Gordon Tanner (Gen. Faceman)", "Burnell Tucker (Mandrake' aide (uncredited))", "Victor Harrington (War Room Aide (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CRCulver", "content": "Stanley Kubrick's 1964 film <i>Dr.&nbsp;Strangelove</i> is a hilarious film about the nuclear annihilation of the human race. Its plot combines three strands that lead inevitably to this doomsday. In the first, an Air Force base commander (Sterling Hayden) goes insane and launches the go-code for his B52s to drop the bomb on their targets in Russia, while a British captain on an officer exchange program (Peter Sellers) tries to reason with him. In the second strand, we see the crew of a B52 commanded by the cowboyish Major Kong (Slim Pickens) as they prepare to drop the bomb. Finally, there are the scenes from the Pentagon war room, where the American president (again Peter Sellers) harangues a general (George&nbsp;C. Scott) about how this could have happened, until the mysterious German scientist Dr.&nbsp;Strangelove (Peter Sellers yet again) offers a solution.\r\n\r\nOriginally meant to be a straightforward adaptation of a political thriller novel, <i>Dr.&nbsp;Strangelove</i> became a madcap comedy. The characters' sexual quirks, anti-Communist hysteria and nonchalance about the coming apocalypse and are exaggerated to the point of farce. No other Peter Sellers film shows off his range of talents so well: he segues effortlessly between Captain Mandrake, a nervous fellow with a British accident already antiquated at the time the film was made, the staid American politician President Merkin Muffley, and Dr. Strangelove, one of the Nazi scientists that the USA brought over after World War&nbsp;II.\r\n\r\nFilmgoers must have perceived this film somewhat differently, when the threat of nuclear annihilation felt very real. Contemporary audiences won't fully get how black this black comedy is. Nonetheless, this film remains perennially funny, and even after numerous viewings over the last 15 years or so I still laugh every time."}], "recommandations_id": [975, 15, 829, 3175]}