{"tmdb_id": 93651, "title": "The Rebelle Rousers", "original_title": "The Rebelle Rousers", "slug_title": "the-rebelle-rousers", "date": "2006-08-10", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Lipstick-wearing, knife-wielding street broads in tight skirts have the run of the exotic lingerie racket run by top bitch Switchblade Molly (Kimberly Kane). Business is good for the Belles, as they get a new shipment ready to hit the streets. This gang of delinquent devil-dolls realize they need some extra help to keep up with the demand from the lingerie addicted Pinups in Squaresville. They get help from evil mastermind Damon, who's breaking in a new hellcat on TIKI Island. These pretty-but-deadly pinups are Vicious, Reckless, Sex Hungry! Drive-in Sexploitation thrills! Some of the hardest, roughest and naughtiest sex scenes ever been released by this motion picture company. The classic story of good girls-gone-bad with a dirty twist!! Directed by pin-up lensman Winkytiki. Exclusive rockin' and boppin' soundtrack including music by 13 Cats, Lil' Luis &amp; Los Wild Teens &amp; Arkoff Experiment.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/siiJTJsw6eNCNQ7N8ulEK7PFi4C.jpg", "actors": ["Angie Savage ()", "Barry Scott ()", "Damon Pierce ()", "Devon Savage ()", "Dragon Lily ()", "Kimberly Kane ()", "Lexi Bardot ()", "Smoking Mary Jane ()", "Masuimi Max ()", "Mr. Pete ()", "Misty May ()", "Nadia Styles ()", "Page Morgan ()", "Tyler Knight ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}