{"tmdb_id": 93939, "title": "The Shuttered Room", "original_title": "The Shuttered Room", "slug_title": "the-shuttered-room", "date": "1967-06-27", "genre": ["Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Horreur"], "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "In a small island off the American coast, the Whateleys live in an old mill where a mysterious bloody being creates an atmosphere of horror. After her parents get killed by lightning, young Susannah is sent to New York by her aunt Agatha, who wants her to avoid the family curse. Years later Susannah, now married, persuades her husband to spend a holiday in the abandoned mill. Once on the island, Susannah and Mike soon find themselves exposed to the hostility of a gang of thugs led by Ethan, Susannah's brutal cousin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fyRqdjKyBzv23A5AclQFSe71leC.jpg", "actors": ["Gig Young (Mike Kelton)", "Carol Lynley (Susannah Whately Kelton / Sarah)", "Oliver Reed (Ethan)", "Flora Robson (Aunt Agatha)", "Judith Arthy (Emma)", "Rick Jones (Luther Whately)", "Ann Bell (Mary Whately, Susannah's Mother)", "William Devlin (Zebulon Whately)", "Charles Lloyd Pack (Barge Master)", "Bernard Kay (Tait)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Eerie mood and scenes that burn into your psyche***  \r\n\r\nA well-to-do man and his young wife (Gig Young and Carol Lynley) visit an island off the coast of New England, which was the childhood home of the wife. They are harassed by ruffians and learn that her now-dilapidated estate is haunted or cursed. Although warned to leave by the locals they decide to stick around. Havoc ensues.\r\n\r\n\u201cThe Shuttered Room,\u201d aka \u201cBlood Island\u201d (1967), is a drama/mystery with horror elements based on a story by August Derleth and H. P. Lovecraft. I saw it as a kid and certain scenes were effectively burned into my memory, like the gravel-surfing gang and the surfer thrust into the barbed-wire fence, the old crone eerily rocking on her perch in the tower and the spooky POV shots of the unseen presence in the old mill spying on what's happening below. Other memorable elements are the awesome Crested Serpent Eagle and the offbeat jazzy score.\r\n\r\nOliver Reed is great as the head ruffian likely because he was a drunken brawler in real life. He has that captivating Brando aura, but with a more sinister bent.\r\n\r\nCarol Lynley (from 1972's \"The Poseidon Adventure\") was 24 during shooting and she's breathtaking. It's strange that her character, Susannah, is married to a man played by Gig Young in the story since he was in his early 50s, but it happens. Besides, he hardly seemed \u201cold\u201d and could clearly handle himself.\r\n\r\nThe story takes place on an island off the coast of New England but it was shot at Kent and Hardingham, England. Although these are excellent locations you can tell it's not a New England isle. Why didn't they simply change the setting to England? Some complain about the revelation of the unseen presence at the end, but it worked for me. In fact, I found it surprising; it\u2019s also realistic. Real life is creepier than fantasy. That's all I\u2019ll say without spoiling it.\r\n\r\nAlthough it may be kind of boring to modern viewers, \"The Shuttered Room\" works so well (for me) because it creates an eerie mood, has striking characters played by quality actors and has a handful of memorable scenes that burn into your psyche. It's a mystery/horror flick not in the sense that it's uber-scary and gory, but rather weird, creepy and disturbing in an understated way. \r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 38 minutes \r\n\r\nGRADE: B+/A-"}], "recommandations_id": [87911, 62947, 28295, 117026], "youtube_key": "x_Zo0lcByNg"}