{"tmdb_id": 94139, "title": "Le D\u00e9mon de l'or", "original_title": "Lust for Gold", "slug_title": "le-demon-de-l-or", "date": "1949-06-10", "genre": ["Action / Western"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "Barry Storm assiste au meurtre d\u2019un prospecteur d\u2019or qu\u2019il suivait au milieu de la r\u00e9gion d\u00e9sertique et montagneuse de Superstition Mountain en Arizona ; il pensait que ce dernier allait le mener \u00e0 la mine perdue de son grand-p\u00e8re. Plut\u00f4t que de continuer \u00e0 la chercher seul, il rentre faire part au sh\u00e9rif local de sa d\u00e9couverte du cadavre. On lui rappelle alors la l\u00e9gende qui court sur ce gisement d\u2019or d\u00e9couvert par des espagnols au si\u00e8cle dernier. Ils n\u2019eurent pas l\u2019occasion d\u2019en profiter puisque tous d\u00e9cim\u00e9s par les Apaches qui cach\u00e8rent le filon en bouchant l\u2019entr\u00e9e de la mine. Ce tr\u00e9sor fut n\u00e9anmoins quelques ann\u00e9es plus tard retrouv\u00e9 par un aventurier d\u2019origine allemande sans foi ni loi, Jacob Walz. C\u2019\u00e9tait aux alentours de 1870...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/sQ1AaURawKcitaRCijIRzk2mjEF.jpg", "actors": ["Ida Lupino (Julia Thomas)", "Glenn Ford (Jacob 'Dutch' Walz)", "Gig Young (Pete Thomas)", "William Prince (Barry Storm)", "Edgar Buchanan (Wiser)", "Will Geer (Deputy Ray Covin)", "Paul Ford (Sheriff Lynn Early)", "Jay Silverheels (Walter)", "Percy Helton (Barber)", "Elspeth Dudgeon (Martha Bannister)", "Karolyn Grimes (Young Martha)", "Paul E. Burns (Bill Bates)", "Billy Gray (Boy)", "Arthur Hunnicutt (Ludi)", "Myrna Dell (Lucille)", "Will Wright (Parsons)", "Hayden Rorke (Floyd Buckley)", "Eddy Waller (Coroner)", "Virginia Farmer (Claims Office Clerk)", "Maudie Prickett (Townswoman)", "John Doucette (Man in Barber Shop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Lost Dutchman Gold Mine and Satan's private art gallery.\r\n\r\nLust for Gold is directed by S. Sylvan Simon and adapted for the screen by Richard English & Ted Sherdeman from the novel Thunder God's Gold written by Barry Storm. It stars Ida Lupino, Glenn Ford, Gig Young and William Prince. Music is by George Duning and cinematography by Archie Stout.\r\n\r\nSuperstition Mountains, home to the Lost Dutchman Gold Mine, and home to many deaths because of it...\r\n\r\nIs it a mythical legend or is it fact? What we do know is that the story of The Lost Dutchman Gold Mind, apparently located somewhere in the Superstition Mountains, East of Phoenix, Arizona, is one hell of a story and makes for an entertaining and interestingly structured Western flavoured movie. Hell! The film even has a tricky little back story that saw author Barry Storm, who was portrayed in the film by William Prince, sue the makers for misrepresentation of his character. Even citing Communism as being what he claimed were some underhand tactics. Further reading on this subject can be found on the internet and it's most interesting stuff. Also noteworthy is that director S. Sylvan Simon (I Love Trouble) was originally only producing the movie, direction was to be by George Marshall (Destry Rides Again/How The West Was Won), but the two of them clashed considerably so Simon took on directing duties as well.\r\n\r\nWhat should be said from the outset is that first time viewers would be well advised to read up on the legend of the Lost Dutchman Mine first. This will help considerably to enjoy the film more. This is because the picture covers three different time periods in history, with the beginning and end taking place in present day (1949 that is), and the centre bulk of the story set in 1880 as Dutchy Waltz (Ford) finds the gold and promptly finds hassle (the whole town) and treachery (Lupino's sultry femme fatale Julia Thomas) comes as part of the deal. The third point in history comes by way of an explanation as to the Apache Indian origins of the gold. None of it is confusing, but the flow of the film is inevitably stop-start, and with Prince's character (Barry Storm is related to Dutchy Waltz) providing a one note narration, film isn't as \"great\" as it should be.\r\n\r\nHowever, there is a lot of \"great\" things \"in\" Lust for Gold. Cast are mostly ace, with Lupino a dominating presence and Ford doing a nice line as, well, a sympathetic bastard! In secondary support you get a roll call of actors who have earned their spurs in the Western genre. Edgar Buchanan (Devil's Doorway), Will Geer (Broken Arrow), Arthur Hunnicut (The Big Sky) and Jay Silverheels (The Lone Ranger TV series and films). As fun and intriguing as the story is, and it is both, the best thing about the film is undoubtedly the location shooting by Archie Stout (Fort Apache). Originally shot in Sepia tones, the DVD release of the film is in crisp black and white (the Region 2 DVD offers a quality print), where the Superrstition Mountains make for an imposing presence throughout the tale, the beauty and hazards of the rock formations are expertly realised by Stout's photography.\r\n\r\nAlthough one can imagine Marshall would have stitched the story together better, and possibly got more mileage out of Gig Young's hapless husband character, Simon doesn't scrimp on the action sequences. There's plenty of fisticuffs within, plus a pulse raising Apache attack sequence. He also proves competent at honing a sweaty stand-off section, where the thirst becomes unbearable under the burning sun. This is a precursor to a genuinely eye opening turn of events before we zip back to the present day. It's then when you most likely will feel like I did, bitten by a yearning to get back to the old West in the company of gold hungry varmints and duplicitous females. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26283, 78550, 197605, 99886], "youtube_key": "notfound"}