{"tmdb_id": 94135, "title": "Section d'assaut sur le Sittang", "original_title": "Yesterday's Enemy", "slug_title": "section-d-assaut-sur-le-sittang", "date": "1959-09-10", "genre": ["Drame / Guerre"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "En 1942,  alors qu\u2019ils ont la retraite coup\u00e9e par l\u2019avance des Japonais, le capitaine Langford et ses troupes britanniques ext\u00e9nu\u00e9es parviennent \u00e0 prendre dans la jungle birmane un village tenu par l\u2019ennemi.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/erz95IWibdO1Z3U59eOeL5jwnUY.jpg", "actors": ["Stanley Baker (Captain Langford)", "Leo McKern (Max)", "Guy Rolfe (Padre)", "Gordon Jackson (Sgt. MacKenzie)", "David Oxley (Doctor)", "Richard Pasco (2nd Lieutenant Hastings)", "Bryan Forbes (Dawson)", "Wolfe Morris (The Informer)", "Philip Ahn (Yamazuki)", "David Lodge (Perkins)", "Percy Herbert (Wilkins)", "Russell Waters (Brigadier)", "Barry Lowe (Turner)", "Burt Kwouk (Japanese Soldier)", "Timothy Bateson (Simpson)", "Edwina Carroll (Suni)", "Alan Keith (Bendish)", "Arthur Lovegrove (Patrick)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Stunning!\r\n\r\n\"When You Go home, Tell Them Of Us And Say, For Your Tomorrow, We Gave Our Today\"\r\n\r\nThere's a school of thought in film world that all war films are anti-war films, some, however, are the definition of such and are cream of the crop. Yesterday's Enemy is one such picture.\r\n\r\nOut of Hammer Films, it's directed by Val Guest and written by Peter R. Newman. It stars Stanley Baker, Gordon Jackson, Guy Rolfe, Leo McKern and Philip Ahn. Story has the surviving members of a British Army Brigade holing up in a Burmese jungle village, where Captain Langford (Baker) happens upon a map that could prove critical to operations involving the Japanese forces in the area. Unable to get clarity from a potential traitor, Langford must make decisions that will outrage those in his quarters, but could well be for the greater good of the war effort. All while the Japanese are advancing on the village.\r\n\r\nThere is no music here, this is purely a sweaty black and white piece that booms with literary class. These men caught in a claustrophobic crossfire of moral quandaries, faiths and life altering judgements. Complex issues are brilliantly handled by Guest and his superb cast, with ace cinematographer Arthur Grant (shooting in MegaScope) completely making a mockery of the stage bound production to make real a Burmese jungle village. Come the sobering finale the realisation dawns that this was a bold movie for its time, pushing the boundaries of 1950s war movies. It's a must see film for anyone interested in the real side of that famous saying, war is indeed hell. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [110457, 85126, 79495, 60646], "youtube_key": "mX0SN2Ozyzs"}