{"tmdb_id": 94192, "title": "Great Day in the Morning", "original_title": "Great Day in the Morning", "slug_title": "great-day-in-the-morning", "date": "1956-05-16", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "5.2/10", "synopsis": "After a card game Southerner Owen Pentecost finds himself the owner of a Denver hotel. Involved with two women - one who came with the hotel, and one newly arrived from the East to open a dress shop - he then has to make even more fundamental choices when, with the start of the Civil War, he becomes one of a small minority in a strongly Unionist town.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yx0H244DZOzVe5Y4YzVTHu1CPok.jpg", "actors": ["Virginia Mayo (Ann Merry Alaine)", "Robert Stack (Owen Pentecost)", "Ruth Roman (Boston Grant)", "Alex Nicol (Captain Stephen Kirby)", "Raymond Burr (Jumbo Means)", "Leo Gordon (Zeff Masterson)", "Regis Toomey (Father Murphy)", "Carleton Young (Col. Gibson)", "Donald MacDonald (Gary John Lawford)", "Kermit Maynard (Southern Sympathizer (uncredited))", "Paul McGuire (Saloon Waiter (uncredited))", "Burt Mustin (Doctor (uncredited))", "Cap Somers (Miner (uncredited))", "Dan White (Rogers (uncredited))", "Lane Chandler (Northern Loyalist (uncredited))", "Ben Corbett (Townsman (uncredited))", "Duke Fishman (Miner (uncredited))", "Al Haskell (Barfly (uncredited))", "Jack Kenny (Barfly (uncredited))", "Mitchell Kowal (Mower - Norther Loyalist (uncredited))", "Pierce Lyden (Cowboy (uncredited))", "Frank Mills (Barfly (uncredited))", "Dennis Moore (Townsman(uncredited))", "William Phipps (Ralston (uncredited))", "Robert Robinson (Bartender (uncredited))", "Buddy Roosevelt (Barfly (uncredited))", "Syd Saylor (Stagecoach Driver (uncredited))", "Sailor Vincent (Barfly (uncredited))", "George Wallace (Jack Lawford (uncredited))", "Peter Whitney (Phil the Cannibal (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Even big men cry sometimes.\r\n\r\nGreat Day in the Morning is directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by Lesser Samuels. It stars Robert Stack, Virginia Mayo, Raymond Burr, Ruth Roman, Alex Nicol, Leo Gordon and Regis Toomey. Music is by Leith Stevens and cinematography by William E. Snyder.\r\n\r\nA Technicolor/Superscope production, story is set in Colorado Territory 1861, a mining town just as The Civil War is to break out. North and South divisions, lustful passions and the hunger for power and gold, all reside here...\r\n\r\nThis would turn out to be the great Jacques Tourneur's last Western offering, thankfully for his fans it turned out pretty great. This is no all action piece, the action here is mainly focused on the human condition and all the shaky traits that come with such. This town is a powder-keg waiting to ignite, with Stack's (excellent) fence sitter (he's from the South but his affiliations are money based) Owen Pentecost firmly in the middle of things. Moral compasses are set at faulty, whilst loyalties and fancies of the heart bring much conflict of interest.\r\n\r\nTourneur and his charges serve up fine production value, starting with the location filming out of Silverton. The landscape that surrounds the town is gorgeous, itself a beautiful observer of the ugliness (Roman and Mayo's sexiness exempt of course) that unfolds. Ugliness that rears its most potent head via bouts of shocking violence, the majority of which takes one by surprise (one of the film's many strengths). The clever screenplay throws in memorable sequences, such as a heated debate backed by Roman tinkling the piano with tunes befitting the discourse, while odd visuals - like the main saloon being based on a circus tent (its actual name and it ties in with Burr's character) - strike good notes.\r\n\r\nWith a grumpy Stack on fine form it's dandy to find the support brings weighty worth as well. Roman and Mayo are given good female roles to play (no tokens here thanks), raising the emotional stakes as much as the temperature. To good effect Burr stomps around like a sulky bully, Nicol has a good presence, and then there's Gordon. Gordon makes his mark straight away, first section of pic you know he's the sort who wants a war before the war has started, and he nails it as a gruff hot-headed bastardo - putting one in mind of Robert Shaw later down the line. Touneur's eye for detail is backed by that of Snyder to round it off as a picture well worth tracking down. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [241754, 74012, 116529, 171297], "youtube_key": "8UDPSIao34M"}