{"tmdb_id": 941, "title": "L'Arme fatale", "original_title": "Lethal Weapon", "slug_title": "l-arme-fatale", "date": "1987-03-06", "genre": "Aventure / Action / Com\u00e9die / Thriller / Crime", "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Deux excellents policiers de Los Angeles, Martin Riggs et Roger Murtaugh, se retrouvent co\u00e9quipers sur une m\u00eame affaire. Les deux hommes, de caract\u00e8re franchement oppos\u00e9, finissent par s'appr\u00e9cier et demontrent leur amiti\u00e9 et leurs capacit\u00e9s quand la fille de l'un d'eux est enlev\u00e9e par d'anciens agents des forces sp\u00e9ciales devenus trafiquants de drogue.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/dVkRcY7UzratbWxAICs8HoVuzDt.jpg", "actors": ["Mel Gibson (Sergeant Martin Riggs)", "Danny Glover (Sergeant Roger Murtaugh)", "Gary Busey (Mr. Joshua)", "Tom Atkins (Michael Hunsaker)", "Darlene Love (Trish Murtaugh)", "Traci Wolfe (Rianne Murtaugh)", "Damon Hines (Nick Murtaugh)", "Ebonie Smith (Carrie Murtaugh)", "Lycia Naff (Dixie)", "Ed O'Ross (Mendez)", "Don Gordon (Cop #2)", "Mary Ellen Trainor (Psychologist)", "Steve Kahan (Captain Ed Murphy)", "Al Leong (Endo)", "Mitchell Ryan (General Peter McAllister)", "Jack Thibeau (Sergeant McCaskey)", "Jackie Swanson (Amanda Hunsaker)", "Gilles Kohler (Mercenary)", "Patrick Cameron (Cop #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "We got the edge Cochise.\r\n\r\nClose to retirement, Detective Sergeant Roger Murtaugh is a bit disturbed to find he's breaking in a new partner. Even more so when it turns out to be fellow Detective Martin Riggs, who since the death of his wife has scant regard for life, his own or those around him.\r\n\r\nLight on plot and character development, Lethal Weapon none the less shines bright as a beacon of how a buddy buddy action film should be done. Roughly an hour and forty five minutes of quips, action, villainy, heroics and cross generational/cultural divides. All what else is needed is a star duo with buoyant chemistry - thankfully  Richard Donner's movie has it by the clip load.\r\n\r\nMel Gibson is Riggs, a trigger happy suspected loony on the ragged edge, wonderfully playing off of Danny Glover's (superb) \"too old for this nonsense\" sage old copper. Riggs is a hard dude who quickly became a cinematic hero to many, an unstoppable force with a quip on the tongue and a glint in his eye, to which Gibson is terrific and perfectly cast.\r\n\r\nGary Busey's \"psycho's are us\" henchman flits in and out the picture with gleeful nastiness and Shane Black's script crackles as the super stunt work starts to take a hold. Chief villain Mitchell Ryan as The General is almost a bystander though, and there's the odd piece of careless editing, but really Lethal Weapon has a winning formula that the box office punters promptly lapped up. \r\n\r\nThree sequels, all of which are of differing quality, would follow it, but this is a template movie for the genre and worthy of nostalgic revisits any time of day. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [942, 943, 944, 1573]}