{"tmdb_id": 9429, "title": "Une Nuit au Roxbury", "original_title": "A Night at the Roxbury", "slug_title": "une-nuit-au-roxbury", "date": "1998-10-01", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Enfin, apres sept ans d'effort, les freres Butabi viennent de decrocher leur diplome de fin d'etudes. Ils vont pouvoir realiser leur reve: devenir les princes des nuits chaudes de Los Angeles. Steve et Doug se presentent donc au portes du tres select Roxbury Club et se font envoyer immediatement sur les roses. Mais le hasard d'une rencontre avec Richard Grieco, un habitue des lieux, leur offre l'occasion d'acceder enfin a ce lieu peuple de creatures de reve. Commence alors pour les deux freres une laborieuse ascension vers le monde de la nuit.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pIbdsKsq7nFHIirhuDwI3pulDAO.jpg", "actors": ["Will Ferrell (Steve Butabi)", "Chris Kattan (Doug Butabi)", "Michael Clarke Duncan (Roxbury Bouncer)", "Elisa Donovan (Cambi)", "Gigi Rice (Vivica)", "Jennifer Coolidge (Hottie Cop)", "Eva Mendes (Bridesmaid)", "Richard Grieco (Richard Grieco)", "Loni Anderson (Barbara Butabi)", "Dan Hedaya (Kamehl Butabi)", "Molly Shannon (Emily Sanderson)", "Dwayne Hickman (Fred Sanderson)", "Lochlyn Munro (Craig)", "Chazz Palminteri (Benny Zadir)", "Raquel Gardner (Hat Girl)", "Colin Quinn (Dooley)", "Kip King (Flower Customer #2)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TopKek", "content": "1998's attempted Saturday Night Live skit-to-movie adaptation is not so much a movie, but more like just a short, 81 minute series of skits that are almost completely right out of the show, so it's more like just watching a greatest hit's collection of the skits from the Saturday Night Live television show from the 90's. But, while this movie is definitely far from even being very good, it is still a fairly decent movie, and while it is so short, it actually manages to have some very funny scenes with Will Ferrell and Chris Kattan that are also definitely reminiscent of some of the SNL skits funniest moments. But, despite the PG-13 Rating, this movie is not appropriate for young kids or even most teen's: There is frequent crude and sexual humor with three very graphic but somewhat comical sex scenes that actually fairly much push the limit for the PG-13 rating. Also, there is some infrequent profanity with at least one useof the F-word. Finally, there is a extremely brief and subtle drug reference near the beginning of the movie that only older audiences watching the movie will get. So, it may not be a great comedy, or even a terribly memorable one, but it still makes you laugh while it's going."}], "recommandations_id": [10956, 13260, 10402, 9536]}