{"tmdb_id": 94380, "title": "Bad Ass", "original_title": "Bad Ass", "slug_title": "bad-ass", "date": "2012-04-12", "genre": "Action / Drame", "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Un ancien du Vietnam devient un h\u00e9ros dans sa ville apr\u00e8s avoir mis des petits truands hors d'\u00e9tat de nuire. Et quand son meilleur ami est assassin\u00e9, et devant l'inaction de la police, il d\u00e9cide de faire r\u00e9gner la justice lui-m\u00eame.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jACplpEWw2mt0n4y4BZAMHagPQv.jpg", "actors": ["Danny Trejo (Frank Vega)", "Charles S. Dutton (Panther)", "Ron Perlman (Mayor Williams)", "Joyful Drake (Amber Lamps)", "Patrick Fabian (Officer Malark)", "John Duffy (Martin)", "Winter Ave Zoli (Tatiana)", "Danny Woodburn (Sluggy Korn-Nuts)", "Richard Riehle (Father Miller)", "Harrison Page (Klondike Washington)", "Andy Davoli (Renaldo)", "Patricia De Leon (Marissa)", "Jillian Murray (Lindsay Kendall)", "Frank Maharajh (Detective Shah)", "Craig Sheffer (Attorney)", "Shalim Ortiz (Frank Vega-young)", "Tonita Castro (Juanita Vega)", "Olivia Moss (Emily Kendall)", "Makenzie Moss (Nikki Kendall)", "Jessica Lee (Woman in Purple)", "Chris Spencer (Martin Sr.)", "Jennifer Blanc (Frances)", "Davenia McFadden (Rita)", "Austin Michael Scott (Austin Linkler)", "Craig Johnson (Sebastian)", "Erik Betts (Terence)", "Heidi Kramer (Rebecca Parker)", "Christine Clayburg (News Anchor)", "Sam Rubin (Male Interviewer)", "Ezra Buzzington (Store Clerk)", "John Dixon (Skinhead #1)", "Kevin Patrick Burke (Skinhead #2)", "Anthony Martins (Gang Banger #1)", "Marco Morales (Gang Banger #2)", "Chad Guerrero (Gang Banger #3)", "Donzaleigh Abernathy (Mother)", "Duane Whitaker (Rex / Pawn Shop Owner)", "David A. Arnold (James Worthy)", "Norma Michaels (Elderly Women)", "Eddie J. Fernandez (Tattoo Guy)", "Thomas Rosales, Jr. (Bartender)", "Tyler Tuione (Churchill)", "Danny Woodburn (Master Sluggy Kornnuts)", "C.C. Taylor (Militant Guy)", "Larry Moran (Capt. Jenkins)", "Larry Richardson (Calvin)", "Mackenzie King (Girl on Bus)", "Brian Schlesinger (Aldo the Office Boy)", "Baxter (Himself)", "Joe Holiday (Baller)", "Jack Freshkin (Jewish Priest)", "Sebastian Valdes (Guy in Jeep)", "Isabella Cascarano (Agata (uncredited))", "Craig Moss (Generous Bus Driver (uncredited))", "Robert Sean Burke (Bus Driver #2 (uncredited))", "Brett Friedmann (Office Worker (uncredited))", "Dorian Kingi (Two Dudes #1 (uncredited))", "Joe Ordaz (Two Dudes #2 (uncredited))", "Buddy Sosthand (Other Baller #1 (uncredited))", "Mark Smith (Other Baller #3 (uncredited))", "Esteban Cueto (Buffed-Out Guy (uncredited))", "Dan Snow (TV hockey announcer (voice, uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is an okay (barely) popcorn flick. The basic concept is a good one for this kind of movie. At least I like that type of plot. The initial part must have been done in hundreds of movies. Our hero goes away to war, Vietnam in this case, and when he comes home his girlfriend have a husband and kids.\r\n\r\nThe rest of the movie revolves around Frank being a bad ass that clobbers most of the undesirable elements that crosses his path. Naturally a new lady turns up in the neighbourhood to add some romance to the movie. Of course this new lady have an abusive punk for husband so\u2026clobbertime.\r\n\r\nThe main plot element is the fact that Frank\u2019s best friend is murdered and the police are slow to do something about it. So Frank goes about doing a bit of investigating himself. Of course most of the investigation ends up one way or another in some\u2026clobbertime.\r\n\r\nNot very surprising Frank does indeed find the bad guy at the end and in true American (Hollywood) manner a crocked mayor turn up under one of the rocks that gets overturned. Finding the bad guy do, surprise, surprise end up in some more\u2026clobbertime.\r\n\r\nThat is pretty much the movie. A rather long knucklefeast loosely tied together with a passable (barely) script. Frank\u2019s \u201cinvestigation\u201d is more poking around and either instigating or simply ending up in various brawls. If your popcorn munching should be loud enough to disturb the dialogue, well it is not a big deal really. You\u2019re not missing much.\r\n\r\nAt the end of the movie it becomes exceptionally silly and unintelligent. Bleeding, visibly pissed off black guy walks up to bus and demands to be let in and the bus driver just opens the door. Yeah right. Then a Mexican guy follows and the next bus driver just gives him the keys. Come on!\r\n\r\nNevertheless, as a popcorn flick it was an okay movie with some laughs and some good macho fist-fights."}], "recommandations_id": [255268, 309887, 91333, 57585]}