{"tmdb_id": 94407, "title": "L'Enqu\u00eate de l'inspecteur Graham", "original_title": "The Unguarded Moment", "slug_title": "l-enquete-de-l-inspecteur-graham", "date": "1956-11-01", "genre": "Drame / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Un p\u00e8re d\u00e9\u00e7u par sa vie projette tous ses espoirs sur son fils. Le jeune homme s'int\u00e9resse \u00e0 une enseignante dont le fianc\u00e9, inspecteur de police, enqu\u00eate sur un \u00e9trangleur de femmes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/eBzxdNp1vWvt058C5arvP58N2JN.jpg", "actors": ["Esther Williams (Lois Conway)", "George Nader (Lieutenant Harry Graham)", "John Saxon (Leonard Bennett)", "Edward Andrews (Mr. Bennett)", "Les Tremayne (Mr. Pendleton)", "Jack Albertson (Prof)", "Dani Crayne (Josie Warren)", "John Wilder (Sandy)", "Edward Platt (Attorney Briggs (as Edward C. Platt))", "Eleanor Audley (Mr. Pendleton's Secretary)", "Robert Williams (Detective)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Leonard, you have your mother's eyes... especially when you're telling a lie.\r\n\r\nThe Unguarded Moment is directed by Harry Keller and adapted to screenplay by Herb Meadow and Larry Marcus from a story by Marcus and Rosalind Russell. It stars Esther Williams, George Nader, John Saxon, Edward Andrews and Les Tremayne. Music is by Herman Stein and cinematography by William H. Daniels.\r\n\r\nMusic teacher Lois Conway (Williams) starts receiving notes from a secret admirer, it's merely the start of something that will have severe consequences for all involved.\r\n\r\nIt's a little tricky to say exactly what the intentions of the story's creators were for this one. Is it meant to be a sharp observation on sexism, misogynism, some other ism? or maybe just a caustic warning on the dangers that can lurk in teacher/student relations? Whatever the case may be, and it really isn't all together clear, it's a quirky, yet dramatic, trashy slice of entertainment.\r\n\r\nOpening with a wonderfully Hitchcockian type score (Hitch could have done wonders with this material), pic serves us up the dead body of a woman and then thrusts us into the sexually charged atmosphere of an all action college. It's a school where the girls swoon over the jocks and where the main teacher of the tale is one of the sexiest and most beautiful teachers ever! From here there's mysteries to be solved, who is stalking teacher? who is the murderer? is it the same person? and so on.\r\n\r\nNarrative revels in lurid teasings, with the Technicolor photography vividly aiding the cause. Keller's direction is sadly plodding, but he does show a keen eye for shadow play and tension mounting sequences. Perfs are good, especially an out of type Williams in a thankless role, while a brilliantly creepy Andrews steals the show.\r\n\r\nIt's all a bit wild and rickety, but I have to say I really liked it. Newcomers will have to roll the dice and take their chances with it. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [79521, 42191, 47810, 78411]}