{"tmdb_id": 94529, "title": "My Cousin Rachel", "original_title": "My Cousin Rachel", "slug_title": "my-cousin-rachel", "date": "1952-12-25", "genre": "Myst\u00e8re / Romance / Drame", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uthIqEE7FexG73uMypcw5SskSzk.jpg", "actors": ["Olivia de Havilland (Rachel Sangalletti Ashley)", "Richard Burton (Philip Ashley)", "Audrey Dalton (Louise Kendall)", "Ronald Squire (Nicholas 'Nick' Kendall)", "George Dolenz (Guido Rainaldi)", "John Sutton (Ambrose Ashley)", "Tudor Owen (Seecombe)", "J.M. Kerrigan (Reverend Pascoe)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Rachel, my torment. My blessed, blessed torment.\r\n\r\nMy Cousin Rachel is directed by Henry Koster and adapted to screenplay by Nunnally Johnson from the novel of the same name written by Daphne du Maurier. It stars Richard Burton, Olivia de Havilland and Audrey Dalton. Music is by Franz Waxman and cinematography by Joseph LaShelle.\r\n\r\nIn short order the plot finds Burton as Philip Ashley, a sombre English gentleman who is disturbed by news that his much admired foster father has been poisoned to death by Rachel Sangalletti (Havilland). When some time later Rachael turns up at the ancestral Ashley cliff top mansion, Philip finds himself torn between proving his hatred is warranted towards her, or from falling deeply in love with her.\r\n\r\nA splendid slice of brooding Gothicana, Koster's (skilled hands as usual) picture is firmly dealing out the cards of sinister mystery and simmering passions. A constant is the big question of if Rachael actually is a murderess, the screenplay deliberately vague as it dangles clues from either side of the fence. The setting is ripe for some psychological discord and matters of the heart, the cliff top mansion bathed in shadows, the sea below bearing witness to events with a mixture of tidal menace and serene waters. Across proceedings to further pump up the atmospherics is Waxman's sweeping musical score, and with quality acting to match the literary smarts, this is a high end technical production.\r\n\r\nThe ambiguity is a little tiresome come the finale - itself weak and a disappointing resolution, but it's a film to get swept away with. For to dive right into the Ashley Mansion and be in the company of fine purveyors of their respective crafts, ensures the rewards are plenty. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [38807, 43820, 27203, 78315]}