{"tmdb_id": 94592, "title": "Vinylmania: When Life Runs at 33 Revolutions Per Minute", "original_title": "Vinylmania: When Life Runs at 33 Revolutions Per Minute", "slug_title": "vinylmania-when-life-runs-at-33-revolutions-per-minute", "date": "2012-01-01", "genre": ["Documentaire"], "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "My mother used to wake me up with a vinyl record. It's the first thing I remember about life. Many years have passed but vinyl records have never abandoned me. And you? Have you ever listened to a vinyl record? With its unique sound and crackling that gives you butterflies. Have you ever plunged into the colours of the sleeves artwork? Have you smelled it? Music captures a unique taste, seductive. In \"Vinylmania\" the director guides us through the grooves of an object that has never lost its soul. He investigates what makes it so legendary in a world dominated by liquid music: Simple nostalgia? Possession? The search for an idenitity? A cry against the fast food music? The digital river that has no heart or soul, just ones and zeros...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rfRYlDv6sl0ZtX0DK9MYo6LhCJG.jpg", "actors": ["Paolo Campana (Himself / Narrator)", "Julie D'Adamo (Narrator)", "Daniel Binder (Himself)", "Sanju Chiba (Himself)", "Philippe Cohen-Solal (Himself)", "Michael Cudahy (Himself)", "Chris de Gan (Himself)", "Martin Dingle (Himself)", "James Munns (Himself)", "Kentaro Okamoto (Himself)", "Peter Saville (Himself)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [131122, 6585, 37621, 11394], "youtube_key": "MjYIEgWICMI"}