{"tmdb_id": 94616, "title": "Lilac Time", "original_title": "Lilac Time", "slug_title": "lilac-time", "date": "1928-10-18", "genre": ["Guerre / Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "All of those handsome young men in their flying machines are billeted in a field next to the Widow Berthelot's farmhouse in France. Her daughter Jeannine is curious about the young men fighting for England in World War I and their airplanes. Then one of the aviators is killed. His replacement is Captain Philip Blythe who can't help but notice Jeannine. When he lands the first time, she is standing in the middle of his \"runway.\" She makes a more favorable impression when he sees her later by the lilacs. When all of the young men depart on a mission, Blythe promises to return.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/62QtEkLaUsmwQCmpQmBt148Clsv.jpg", "actors": ["Colleen Moore (Jeannine)", "Gary Cooper (Capt. Philip Blythe)", "Burr McIntosh (Gen. Blythe)", "George Cooper (Mechanic's Helper)", "Cleve Moore (Capt. Russell (flight commander))", "Kathryn McGuire (Lady Iris Rankin)", "Eugenie Besserer (Madame Berthelot)", "Emile Chautard (The Mayor)", "Jack Stoney (The Kid)", "Edward Dillon (Mike the Mechanic)", "Dick Grace (Aviator)", "Stuart Knox (Aviator)", "Harlan Hilton (Aviator)", "Richard Jarvis (Aviator)", "Jack Ponder (Aviator)", "Dan Dowling (Aviator)", "Eddie Clayton (The Enemy Ace)", "Arthur Lake (The Unlucky One)", "Dan Mason ()", "Philo McCullough (German Officer)", "Nelson McDowell (French Drummer)", "J. Gunnis Davis (Bit Part)", "Frankie Genardi ()", "Paul Hurst ()", "Yolanda Kruger ()", "Harold Lockwood ()"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}