{"tmdb_id": 9464, "title": "Buffalo '66", "original_title": "Buffalo '66", "slug_title": "buffalo-66", "date": "1998-01-20", "genre": "Romance / Com\u00e9die / Drame / Crime", "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s cinq ann\u00e9es pass\u00e9es \u00e0 la prison de Buffalo, Billy Brown est lib\u00e9r\u00e9. Il part rendre visite \u00e0 ses parents, qui ignorent tout de la nature v\u00e9ritable de sa disparition, et kidnappe sur sa route une jeune \u00e9tudiante nomm\u00e9e Layla. Il lui demande alors de jouer le r\u00f4le de l'\u00e9pouse fictive qui lui a jusqu'\u00e0 pr\u00e9sent servi d'alibi dans ses lettres.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ezUTIDte26QEtgpuMhSHfZzfro.jpg", "actors": ["Vincent Gallo (Billy Brown)", "Christina Ricci (Layla)", "Ben Gazzara (Jimmy Brown)", "Anjelica Huston (Jan Brown)", "Rosanna Arquette (Wendy Balsam)", "Jan-Michael Vincent (Sonny)", "Kevin Corrigan (Rocky the Goon)", "Mickey Rourke (The Bookie)", "Kevin Pollak (TV Sportscaster)", "Alex Karras (TV Sportscaster)", "John Sansone (Little Billy)", "Manny Fried (The Donut Clerk)", "John Rummel (Don Shanks)", "Bob Wahl (Scott Woods)", "Penny Wolfgang (The Judge)", "Anthony Mydcarz (The Motel Clerk)", "Michael Maciejewski (The Guy in the Bathroom)", "Jack Claxton (The Denny's Host)", "Dominic Telesco (The Prison Guard)", "Carl Marchi (The Cafe Owner)", "Kim Krah (The Denny's Waitress)", "Julius Digennaro (The Info Booth Clerk)", "Terry Braunstein (The Tap Teacher)", "Jack Hunter (The Gas Station Clerk)", "Norma Gelose (The Bus Station Woman)", "Jamie King (Tap Dance Kid)", "Janel King (Tap Dance Kid)", "Joey Giambra (The Man in the Donut Shop)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Mostly tedious, but Ricci is adorable, \u201cHeart of the Sunrise\u201d is featured and the message is potent\r\n\r\nAn angry sad sack (Vincent Gallo) is released after five years in prison near Buffalo and proceeds to kidnap a cute girl at a ballet studio (Christina Ricci). She surprisingly agrees to go along with the charade of being his wife to fool his nutty parents. His sole ambition seems to be to kill a field goal kicker for the Bills who let him down five years earlier. Anjelica Huston, Mickey Rourke, Jan-Michael Vincent and Rosanna Arquette have brief roles.\r\n\r\n\u201cBuffalo \u201966\u201d (1998) is an offbeat indie written & directed by its star, Gallo. I only know him from Coppola\u2019s \u201cTetro\u201d (2009) where he proved to have an almost Brando-like charisma (I said \u201calmost\u201d). Ricci is one of the highlights here as she\u2019s petite, voluptuous and adorable. Unfortunately, most of the episodes in the story could\u2019ve been cut by one-third or even one-half. As it is, they become tedious, such as the loong segment at the parent\u2019s house. But the final act wins the day with Yes\u2019 \u201cHeart of the Sunrise\u201d placed strategically and a profound moral about the power of uncompromising love to change a piece of sheet.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 50 minutes and was shot in Buffalo, New York, and surround areas (Gowanda, Lackawanna and Woodlawn).\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [10683, 12703, 476, 1548]}