{"tmdb_id": 94653, "title": "Twilight of the Ice Nymphs", "original_title": "Twilight of the Ice Nymphs", "slug_title": "twilight-of-the-ice-nymphs", "date": "1997-09-09", "genre": ["Fantastique / Myst\u00e8re / Romance"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Peter Glahn is released after years of incarceration as a political prisoner and is now returning to his homeland, the mythical Mandragora where the sun never sets. On board the ship home, he meets the mysterious Juliana Kossel who vanishes after stealing his heart. Once he arrives on the island, he goes to the family ostrich farm run by his sister Amelia. He finds Amelia living with a farmhand named Cain Ball who fears that Peter's return will endanger the agreement he made with Amelia that will see him inherit the farm. Amelia has since fallen for the vain Dr. Isaac Solti who controls the island and has a hold on both Zephyr Eccles, the widow of a local fisherman, and Juliana, Peter's dream girl from the ship. Solti's true obsession is a recently discovered statue of Venus that possesses strange powers. All the characters meet at Solti's lab where the sexual tensions erupt.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/7YcsmtfxLMd6cc23zOKEoXtDCXE.jpg", "actors": ["Pascale Bussi\u00e8res (Juliana Kossel)", "Shelley Duvall (Amelia Glahn)", "Frank Gorshin (Cain Ball)", "Alice Krige (Zephyr Eccles)", "R. H. Thomson (Dr. Issac Solti)", "Ross McMillan (Matthew Eccles / Voice of Peter Glahn)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [162329, 71786, 104549, 257906], "youtube_key": "notfound"}