{"tmdb_id": 946, "title": "Lettre d'une inconnue", "original_title": "Letter from an Unknown Woman", "slug_title": "lettre-d-une-inconnue", "date": "1948-04-28", "genre": "Drame / Romance", "score": "8.1/10", "synopsis": "Un c\u00e9l\u00e8bre pianiste vieillissant re\u00e7oit un jour une lettre d'une jeune femme inconnue de lui, Lisa Berndle. Celle-ci lui retrace l'amour qu'elle a \u00e9prouv\u00e9 secr\u00e8tement pour lui depuis son enfance. Elle \u00e9voque les rares \u00e9treintes que ce volage amant voulut bien lui accorder d'o\u00f9 d'ailleurs naquit un enfant, mort depuis du typhus. Elle a \u00e9pous\u00e9 un diplomate sans lui cacher que son coeur \u00e9tait ailleurs. C'est sur son lit de mort qu'elle r\u00e9dige cette terrible missive. Le pianiste comprend alors pourquoi un diplomate viennois l'a provoqu\u00e9 en duel la veille.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i17Vgd6iv0KFNfhKnvG7sCJuhLq.jpg", "actors": ["Joan Fontaine (Lisa Berndle)", "Louis Jourdan (Stefan Brand)", "Mady Christians (Frau Berndle)", "Marcel Journet (Johann Stauffer)", "Art Smith (John)", "Carol Yorke (Marie)", "Howard Freeman (Herr Kastner)", "John Good (Lt. Leopold von Kaltnegger)", "Leo B. Pessin (Stefan Jr.)", "Erskine Sanford (Porter)", "Otto Waldis (Concierge)", "Sonja Bryden (Frau Spitzer)", "Betty Blythe (Frau Kohner (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Beautiful Tragedy.\r\n\r\nLetter from an Unknown Woman is directed by Max Ophuls, who also co-adapts the screenplay with Howard Koch from the novella written by Stefan Zweig. It stars Joan Fontaine, Louis Jordan, Mady Christians, Art Smith and Howard Freeman. Music is by Daniele Amfitheatrof and cinematography by Franz Planer.\r\n\r\nMasterpiece, the very definition of classic cinema is right here, a film that is both beautiful and tragic, a piece of cinema that\u2019s crafted with such great skill by all involved it\u2019s hard to believe some critics turned their noses up at it back on its original release.\r\n\r\nStory is set in Vienna at the turn of the century and finds Lisa Berndle (Fontaine) as a teenager who has a crush on one of the neighbours in her apartment complex. That neighbour is concert pianist Stefan Brand (Jourdan), but Lisa will not get to know Stefan until some years later, and then only briefly, yet true love never dies does it?\r\n\r\nThe scene is set right from the off, the superb set designs of period Vienna come lurching out of the screen. Jordan stands straight backed and handsome, and then Fontaine a picture of angelic beauty. Ophuls brings his euro eye for details and flair to the party, his camera work fluid, yet compact, personal but still a distant and caustic observer to the corruptible folly of romantic obsession. And Planer mists up the photogenics as Amfitheatrof drifts delicate and dramatic sounds across the unfolding drama.\r\n\r\nNarratively most of the picture is played out in the past, showing how Stefan Brand come to be reading a heart aching letter from a woman who loved and adored him. Not that he would know, such was his life of womanising and narcissistic leanings. Oh he could romance the best of them, charm a snake out of the basket, but quite frankly he\u2019s a cad, and a coward to boot. Maybe this letter from the unknown woman will shake him out of his self centred world? Give him a chance at redemption? Or maybe not\u2026\r\n\r\nThe characterisation of Lisa Berndle (Fontaine simply magnificent) is stunning in its coldness. This is a woman who for the briefest of moments in her life, derails her shot at potential happiness, and the stability afforded her son, in the belief that Stefan Brand is the destined love of her life, that love will find a way. Her foolish obsession borders on insanity, she\u2019s so driven by a self-destructive persona she can\u2019t see this is no fairytale. There is much beauty on show, but the devilish hand of fate and some tragic realisations wait for the principal players here, Ophuls brilliantly blowing a blackened cloud over the culmination of tale.\r\n\r\nGrand and opulent, heartbreaking and sad, Letter from an Unknown Woman is pure cinema, its narrative strength lies in the realisation that the vagaries of love has to be a two way thing. Brilliant film making. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [27030, 195, 690, 34181]}