{"tmdb_id": 9474, "title": "Mon nom est Personne", "original_title": "Il mio nome \u00e8 Nessuno", "slug_title": "mon-nom-est-personne", "date": "1973-12-13", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Western"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Constatant qu'il prend de l'\u00e2ge, Jack Beauregard, l\u00e9gendaire pistolero, songe \u00e0 rengainer ses colts et \u00e0 quitter l'Ouest pour l'Europe, o\u00f9 il compte achever paisiblement sa vie. Mais l'argent du voyage lui manque. C'est \u00e0 ce moment que d\u00e9barque un jeune aventurier \u00e9nigmatique. Il se fait appeler \u00abPersonne\u00bb et voue \u00e0 Jack une admiration sans bornes, quelque peu encombrante. Il aimerait que son h\u00e9ros affronte les 150 hors-la-loi qui forment la redoutable \u00abhorde sauvage\u00bb. Ces derniers, qui se sont d\u00e9j\u00e0 rendus coupables de l'assassinat du fr\u00e8re de Jack, ont leur propre id\u00e9e sur la question. Ils tentent de prendre les devants et, moyennant finances, proposent \u00e0 Personne d'abattre Jack...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6SEuNH4I6xPn3kLaEhbnB0fGLXY.jpg", "actors": ["Terence Hill (Nobody)", "Henry Fonda (Jack Beauregard)", "Jean Martin (Sullivan)", "R.G. Armstrong (Honest John)", "Karl Braun (Jim)", "Leo Gordon (Red)", "Steve Kanaly (False barber)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Leader of the Wild Bunch)", "Neil Summers (Squirrel)", "Piero Lulli (Sheriff)", "Mario Brega (Pedro)", "Marc Mazza (Don John)", "Benito Stefanelli (Porteley)", "Alexander Allerson (Rex)", "Rainer Peets (Big Gun)", "Maurice Kowalewski (New Orleans street photographer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Lonesome Gun.\r\n\r\nRemember folks, just because it's not my bag doesn't mean it's a bad\r\nfilm...\r\n \r\nIl mio nome \u00e8 Nessuno (My Name Is Nobody) is directed by Tonino Valerii and Sergio Leone and co-written by Leone, Fulvio Morsella and Ernesto Gastaldi. It stars Terence Hill, Henry Fonda and Jean Martin. Music is by Ennio Morricone and cinematography by Giuseppe Ruzzolini.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s a Spaghetti Western comedy that is highly thought of in like minded circles, but for the casual observer it\u2019s too damn quirky for its own good and gets caught between two worlds. The action quotient is high, the direction, performances and visuals are very good, and the humour, if you like it spoofery flavoured, is never in short supply. While Morricone provides an unusual musical score that ultimately befits the odd nature of the beast as it were. Thematically it has something to say on the changing West, and in fact on the changing of the Western movie as well. While structurally the makers never miss an opportunity to lift and homage from Western movies of the past.\r\n \r\nIt\u2019s very much one for fans of the medium only. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11829, 9394, 10915, 336], "youtube_key": "2RYq1PLdT0s"}