{"tmdb_id": 94862, "title": "Plasterhead", "original_title": "Plasterhead", "slug_title": "plasterhead", "date": "2007-10-02", "genre": ["Horreur"], "score": "3.1/10", "synopsis": "Every town has a local legend. Not all of them are deadly. Headed to Miami to celebrate winter break, a group of four college students from New Jersey take a detour into the bowels of rural West Virginia. There, the unwitting friends uncover a grotesque legend that stains the fabric of Rolling Glen, a sleepy backwoods town.  As the four friends quickly find out, some believe Williams still roams the woods on the outskirts of town, surviving on the slaughter of wildlife. Others claim to have seen Williams in person, a looming figure with a ghostly white visage, purportedly a makeshift cast to mask the scars and wounds left from the merciless assault. They have a name for Williams now: Plasterhead. Soon, the four friends find themselves holed up in an abandoned farmhouse, mired in a macabre web of terror. Sheriff Taggart will do anything to keep the truth buried: the truth that Plasterhead is frighteningly real. As these teens will soon learn, true evil has no face.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xJzoqOXlvyIS7xuTkRbwlpQg3BU.jpg", "actors": ["Kathryn Merry (Maggie)", "Josh Macuga (Steve)", "Ernest Dancy (David)", "Raine Brown (Audra)", "Gerard Adimando (Sheriff Earl Taggart)", "Brandon Slagle (Henry)", "Steph Van Vlack (Peggy)", "Kevin Cannon (Jerry)", "Tom DiNardo (Artie the Mechanic)", "Artie Brennan (Donnie)", "Drae Williamson (Janine Alexander)", "Brian Dixon (Ray Williams / Plasterhead)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [200803, 28743, 31991, 22530], "youtube_key": "mpg1hvG8QZk"}