{"tmdb_id": 9495, "title": "The Crow", "original_title": "The Crow", "slug_title": "the-crow", "date": "1994-05-11", "genre": ["Fantastique / Action / Thriller"], "score": "7.4/10", "synopsis": "Cette fable gothico-urbaine, tir\u00e9e des bandes dessin\u00e9es de John O'Barr, r\u00e9sulte d'un amalgame des esth\u00e9tiques du film noir et des vid\u00e9oclips. Dans la jungle urbaine, un soir de nuit du Diable annon\u00e7ant un futur de d\u00e9cadence et de d\u00e9bauche, le rockeur Eric Draven et sa fianc\u00e9e sont abattus par des crapules appartenant au gang des Top Dollars. Un an plus tard, jour pour jour, Eric, ressuscit\u00e9 par puissances occultes, revient en ville assouvir sa vengeance. Dot\u00e9 d'une force physique et d'une vision surnaturelles, Eric, sur qui veille un corbeau \u00e9nigmatique, passeur entre le monde des vivants et le royaume des morts, apaise ses souffrances en an\u00e9antissant le chef des criminels et ses acolytes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/vrQZSCP3WeYXCTXdJQ6mXgxb9L4.jpg", "actors": ["Brandon Lee (Eric Draven)", "Rochelle Davis (Sarah)", "Ernie Hudson (Sergeant Albrecht)", "Michael Wincott (Top Dollar)", "Bai Ling (Myca)", "Sofia Shinas (Shelly Webster)", "Anna Levine (Darla)", "David Patrick Kelly (T-Bird)", "Angel David (Skank)", "Laurence Mason (Tin Tin)", "Michael Massee (Funboy)", "Tony Todd (Grange)", "Jon Polito (Gideon)", "Bill Raymond (Mickey)", "Marco Rodr\u00edguez (Torres)", "Kim Sykes (Annabella)", "Rock Taulbee (Lead Cop)", "Norman Max Maxwell (Roscoe)", "Jeff Cadiente (Waldo)", "Henry Kingi Jr. (MJ)", "Erik Stabenau (Speeg)", "Cassandra Lawton (Newscaster)", "Lou Criscuolo (Uniform Cop #1)", "Todd Brenner (Paramedic #1)", "Joe West (Paramedic #2)", "Thomas Rosales, Jr. (Sanchez)", "Jeff Imada (Braeden)", "Tierre Turner (Jugger)", "Tim Parati (Bad Ass Criminal)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The Crow (1994) \r\n\r\nI hadn't seen it for about ten years and as the full moon came beaming through my apartment window late last night, it just felt right to indulge in some Proyas Gothic excellence. \r\n\r\nThe question still taps away at all our doors, namely would the film be the cult classic it became without the Brandon Lee tragedy? That's a tricky one to answer because we all deep down have a morbid curiosity about us, especially with films and their stars. This is why I got a lot more from re-watching the movie after a very long period of time, namely that it may have drew many of us in years ago because of the tragedy and heart aching back story to writer James O'Barr's birthing of Eric Draven the character, but it can now enthral, thrill and shatter emotions of its own accord. \r\n\r\nThe Gothic art design and the soundtrack are emo personified before such a label was invented, Lee is lithe and skilful and serving notice to what a talent we were robbed of that fateful day in March 1993. The villains are a roll call of go to guys for such roles, Kelly, Wincott, Todd, while Ernie Hudson fronts up as good cop personified. And finally Proyas, struggling with the budget even before Brandon's death, that he manages to create this world of perpetual bleakness, but still offer hope and beauty - the latter via tracking shots, pull aways and intricate frame shots of a tormented Draven, shows him to be a purveyor of considerable skills. \r\n\r\nAll told, The Crow (1994) deserves to not be thought of as a cult classic, but just as a classic, period. 9.5/10 "}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**The following is a long form review that I originally wrote in 2011.**\r\n\r\nIn the vein of films like _The Punisher_ and _Mad Max_, _The Crow_ first hit my screen only four years ago, way back when my DVD collection consisted of only about 40 films, (now it is around 500). I had $10 to my name but I was intent on expanding the thing, a girl I'd met only that day, suggested I buy it from Sanity, when there used to be one in Civic. Since that day, when I was well and truly blown away by it, we've always intended to make our tradition of \"Crow and Coffee\" (wherein you watch _The Crow_ and drink several litres of Ice Coffee & Bailey's) a repeated thing.\r\n\r\nI feel as if this one should have been known to me for far longer than it has. It's quite a point of shame in the Goth community to have none been raised on the shit. And I can tell why. The film blends some of the most incredible bands out (The Cure, Nine Inch Nails, Rage Against the Machine, The Jesus and Mary Chain, Violent Femmes, Pantera), is filled with great actors, it's based on one of the best comics I've ever had the good fortune of reading, and it's overshadowed by the death of the actor playing lead protagonist Eric Draven, Brandon Lee, son of martial arts master Bruce Lee.\r\n\r\n_The Crow_ is filled with the dark and ominous. Towards the end, Draven fights using a martial arts move that was performed in honour of Brandon Lee's father, Bruce Lee, when he used an identical style in _Enter the Dragon_, the last film his father ever starred in, before his untimely death. In another scene, Draven can be seen filling a gun-barrel up with metal, and shooting them out into a pawn shop, Brandon Lee was killed on set during filming, when a metal casing became lodged in a gun that was then expelled by a blank, fatally wounding Lee in the torso. Behind the scenes, on the first day of shooting a carpenter suffered sever burns on set after his crane hit power lines. Later, a grip truck caught fire, an angry sculpting employee crashed his car through the set's plaster shop and another member of the crew accidentally impaled his own hand with a screwdriver. According to the biography of Bruce Lee, Brandon's death was predicted by his father after awakening from a coma, he foresaw Brandon's death long before he had even considered taking up acting, supposedly.\r\n\r\nBy no accounts is _The Crow_ unpredictable, it's rather the opposite, but it makes up for this in so many ways! It notches up some of the best quotes in film history, as well as being badass, and yet so utterly convincingly emotional. There is essentially no demographic I can think of that wouldn't enjoy (at least a little) this dark film's gothic atmosphere, gritty hopelessness, world-changing special effects, riveting action, and well-deserved cult status.\r\n\r\n91%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}], "recommandations_id": [1547, 8009, 8068, 9556], "youtube_key": "khTufWMYy70"}