{"tmdb_id": 94967, "title": "Matin\u00e9e", "original_title": "Matin\u00e9e", "slug_title": "matinee", "date": "2009-01-17", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Stage actors Mariah and Daniel play lovers every night, but their onstage romance lacks spark. One slow afternoon, they discover that today\u2019s matin\u00e9e performance will make or break both their careers. Daniel wants to make big changes, and Mariah starts to wonder: are Daniel\u2019s suggestions reasonable? Or has he lost track of the boundary between actor and character? Rushed to the stage, in front of a live audience, they must figure it out together.  \u201cMatin\u00e9e\u201d is a sexually explicit drama intended to bridge the gap between art film and sex film. The film showcases Steven McAlistair (Scotland) and Alicia Whitsover (England) in their first explicit sex roles ever. Matin\u00e9e takes a fresh look at what erotic film can be. It features an original musical score and careful attention to capturing the real-life sounds of sex. Real, intense and emotional, Matin\u00e9e is truly erotic film for people who like film.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i9pFsyaAlH33L5b3QZPnLIYQIl6.jpg", "actors": ["Alicia Whitsover (Mariah Carr)", "Steven McAlistair (Daniel Kincaid)", "Teri Vakaki (Stephie)", "Sandy Pieters (Suzanne)", "Nicole Mischler (Katja)", "Thomas Lundy (stage manager)", "Emma Stuart (talent agent)", "Sarah Taylor (Danielle)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}