{"tmdb_id": 95046, "title": "They Knew What They Wanted", "original_title": "They Knew What They Wanted", "slug_title": "they-knew-what-they-wanted", "date": "1940-10-19", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "When visiting San Francisco, Tony Patucci, a ageing winegrower from the Napa Valley, sees waitress Amy Peters and falls in love. Returning home, he persuades his foreman Joe, an incorrigible womanizer, to write her a letter in Tony's name. Tony's courtship by mail culminates with a proposal, and when she requests a picture of him, he sends one of Joe. Amy accepts and goes to Napa to be married. Although horrified to discover that her prospective husband is the portly Tony, she decides to go through with the marriage. However, while Tony is in bed after an accident, Amy and Joe has an affair.\r Two months later, as Tony plans the wedding, she discovers that she is pregnant. Upon learning this, Tony pummels Joe, who leaves the vineyards. but forgives Amy, and insists that they still be married, But she is unable to forgive herself, so she leaves with the priest who's come to marry them, while Tony looks on, hoping that she will return one day.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3BU1GFxto1RXV49JThQfaXFlIbx.jpg", "actors": ["Carole Lombard (Amy Peters)", "Charles Laughton (Tony Patucci)", "William Gargan (Joe)", "Harry Carey (The Doctor)", "Frank Fay (Father McKee)", "Joseph E. Bernard (The R.F.D.)", "Janet Fox (Mildred)", "Lee Tung Foo (Ah Gee, the Cook)", "Karl Malden (Red)", "Victor Kilian (The photographer)", "Demetrius Alexis (Restaurant Customer)", "Ricca Allen (Mrs. Thing)", "Effie Anderson (Nurse)", "Bobby Barber (Tony's Pal at Table)", "Marie Blake (Waitress)", "Tom Ewell (New Hired Hand)", "Antonio Filauri (Customer)", "Millicent Green (Waitress)", "Bobbie Hale (Restaurant Customer)", "Paul Le Pere (Hired Hand)", "Grace Lenard (Waitress)", "Patricia Oakley (Waitress)", "Nestor Paiva (Tony's Pal at Table)", "Paul Panzer (Proprietor of Italian Restaurant)", "Stephen Soldi (Restaurant Customer)", "Joe Sully (Father of Family)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}