{"tmdb_id": 95077, "title": "Dagmar's Hot Pants, Inc.", "original_title": "Dagmars Heta Trosor", "slug_title": "dagmar-s-hot-pants-inc", "date": "1971-10-01", "genre": ["Drame / Romance / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.7/10", "synopsis": "Known to her clients as Dagmar, she's a classy Swedish call girl in Copenhagen. After two years, she's ready quit, and we follow her on what she hopes is her last day in the trade. She wakes at 9 AM, gets her first call and a marriage proposal, checks in with her doctor, pays final visits to various clients, arranges to lease her flat, passes on her black book to a colleague, tries to beg off on an impromptu session with Japanese businessmen, has a quick conversation with her brother, and makes a couple of charitable contributions. All the while, her eyes on the clock, there's the threat of her pimp finding out about her plans. If she pulls it off, what awaits?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xKQdyoDOMJqmTODaon0xO0AutOc.jpg", "actors": ["Diana Kj\u00e6r (Dagmar Andreson)", "Robert Strauss (John Blackstone)", "Annelie Alexandersson (Vivi Eriksson)", "Poul Bundgaard (Englebert Ekmanner)", "Inger Sundh (Anna Engstr\u00f6m)", "Tommy Blom (Jan Anderson)", "Tor Isedal (Vincent 'Vince' Lombardoci)", "Svend Johansen (Lt. Svend Johansen)", "Ole S\u00f8ltoft (Dr. Lennart Peterson)", "Anne Grete Nissen (Ingrid Lindberg)", "Helli Louise (Britta)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "lukejbarnett123", "content": "Here's a special, juicy oddity from the '70s called Dagmar and Co. It's about a Swedish call girl in Copenhagen, Denmark who plans to quit being a call girl and go to Sweden and marry her boyfriend. She is shown on her last day of being an escort, pleasing several clients. \r\n\r\nThis is a sex comedy for adults made with integrity, class, substance, style, and wit. It's very wild, tempting, and tantalizing. It's also pretty exotic feeling, erotic and voyeuristic. \r\n\r\nIt's main strength lies in it's heroine and main character Dagmar played by Diana Kjaer. She gives the best possible performance in her titular role. No other actress could have played her role better or as good as her. She exudes so much confidence, flair, energy, lovability, loveliness, charm, grace, and charisma in her performance that you have to love her character so much. You believe everything she does to be the reality of her character because she is completely convincing in her performance. \r\n\r\nThe only bad thing about this film is they never show simulated sex. All the sex is off camera. They show right before sex or right after sex or they show a guy's facial reaction while getting a blowjob but they never show the whole view of the blowjob and other than that they never show a sex scene in any way. This is strange because this film shows so much nudity and this was filmed in the '70s when most countries could show as much sex and nudity as they wanted in their films."}], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}