{"tmdb_id": 951, "title": "Un flic \u00e0 la maternelle", "original_title": "Kindergarten Cop", "slug_title": "un-flic-a-la-maternelle", "date": "1990-12-21", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Poursuivant un dangereux malfaiteur et sa m\u00e8re trafiquants de drogue, John Kimble, policier remarquable, est amen\u00e9 \u00e0 la suite de la d\u00e9faillance d'une coll\u00e8gue \u00e0 faire la classe \u00e0 une maternelle. En quelques heures c'est l'anarchie la plus totale et le brillant policier a plus de mal \u00e0 contenir trente banbins que les plus coriaces bandits. Mais gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 une coll\u00e8gue attentive et \u00e0 son fils, il r\u00e9ussira \u00e0 se faire des alli\u00e9s des enfants et \u00e0 retrouver les m\u00e9chants.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/i10u67bsznJk2uTHC90LPsp6Op8.jpg", "actors": ["Arnold Schwarzenegger (Kimble)", "Penelope Ann Miller (Joyce)", "Pamela Reed (Phoebe)", "Alix Koromzay (Cindy)", "Linda Hunt (Miss Schlowski)", "Richard Tyson (Crisp)", "Carroll Baker (Eleanor Crisp)", "Cathy Moriarty (Sylvester's Mother)", "Joseph Cousins (Dominic Palmieri)", "Christian Cousins (Dominic Palmieri)", "Park Overall (Samantha's Mother)", "Richard Portnow (Captain Salazar)", "Tom Kurlander (Danny)", "Betty Lou Henson (Keisha's Mother)", "Jayne Brook (Zach's Mother)", "Tom Dugan (Crisp's Lawyer)", "Catherine Reitman (3rd Grade Student)", "Miko Hughes (Joseph)", "Adam Wylie (Larry)", "Michael Chapman (Firefighter)", "Odette Annable (Rosa)", "Heidi Swedberg (Joshua's Mother)", "Bob Nelson (Henry Shoop)", "Molly Cleator (Assistant to Schlowski)", "Eugene Elman (Judge)", "Susan Burns (Waitress)", "Jason Stuart (Male Hairstylist)", "Ray Glanzmann (Mall Guard #2)", "Ed Crick (Mall Guard #3)", "Angela Bassett (Stewardess)", "Chi Muoi Lo (Dope Dealer)", "John Hammil (Zach's Father)", "Steve Park (Assistant to Salazar)", "John Steinkamp (Toy Store Clerk)", "Charlie Holliday (Daryl)", "Lee Forest (Pharmacist)", "Judy Wix (Substitute Teacher)", "Galen Yuen (Low Life #1)", "Frankie Avina (Low Life #2)", "Terry Golden (Low Life #3)", "Lee Dupree (Low Life #4)", "Debra Casey (Punk Tramp)", "Peter Mark Vasquez (Street Tough #1)", "Jacques Apollo Bolton (Street Tough #2)", "Leo Lee (Street Tough #3)", "Kenneth Chapman (Fire Chief)", "Rick Jones (Keisha's Father)", "Mimi J. Kauffman (Restaurant Hostess)", "Tiffany Reaves (Kissing Girl)", "Jason Reitman (Kissing Boy)", "Anne Merrem (Nurse)", "Arlene J. Phalon (Salon Receptionist)", "Justin Page (Zach)", "Peter Rakow (Joshua)", "Sarah Rose Karr (Emma)", "Marissa Rosen (Samantha)", "Ben McCreary (Lowell)", "Robert Cave (John)", "Ben Diskin (Sylvester)", "Tameka Runnels (Keisha)", "Medha Garg (Latiana)", "Brian Wagner (William)", "John Christian Graas (Kevin)", "Jimmy Darrin Jackson III (Sedgewinn)", "Ian Baumer (Sam)", "Amy Wald (Sarah)", "Tiffany Mataras (Tina)", "Krystle Mataras (Rina)", "James Chance (Matthew)", "Nicole Nagorsky (Heather)", "Ross Malinger (Harvey)", "Amber Reaves (Mary)", "Tina Hart (Dorothy)", "Emily Ann Lloyd (Jennifer)", "Haley Hileman (Courtney)", "Bethany Allyn (Catherine)", "Zachary Marsh (Nick)", "Gary Rodriguez (Lawyer)", "Anthony Wong (Tom)", "Remone Bradley (Erwin)", "Jaime Lucero Jr. (Student)", "Thomas Rosales, Jr. (Street Tough #4)", "William Rossman (Parent)", "Rob Wegner (Firefighter)", "Kim Delgado (Mall Guard #1)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "bensonmum2", "content": "John Kimble (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a cop assigned to put a killer named Crisp behind bars for good. To do so, Kimble needs to find Crisp's son and ex-wife. All he knows for certain is the name of the small Oregon town where the live and that the boy is kindergarten age. Kimble goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher to try to find the boy. Even though he's a tough cop on a mission, Kimble realizes, to his amazement, that he enjoys teaching the kids. He also finds a love interest in one of the other teachers, Joyce (Penelope Ann Miller) - a single mother whose son is in Kimble's class. And, as luck would have it, Kimble discovers that Joyce is Crisp's ex-wife. How convenient! Kimble will have to act fact, though, because Crisp is on his way to collect his son.\r\n\r\nFor the most part, Kindergarten Cop is an enjoyable movie. Schwarzenegger seems naturally unnatural around the kids, but that works in the film's favor. Kimble should be awkward around his class. There are a number of humorous interactions between the un-humorous Kimble and the kids - my favorite being his reaction to the kid obsessed with death. Good stuff. As awkward as Schwarzenegger is around the children, it's the exact opposite when it comes to his co-star, Miller. There's a nice chemistry between the two that really shows on-screen. I would have loved to see the pair make more movies together. Another plus for kindergarten cop is Pamela Reed playing Kimble's partner. Reed is always good and gives a solid performance here. Throw in some nice action toward the film's conclusion and Kindergarten Cop ends up being a nice experience. \r\n\r\nI do, however, have two complaints. First, the film is too long. I really think that if just 10 to 15 minutes were cut from the runtime, it would be a better, tighter movie. Cut the scenes with Cathy Moriarty, for example. They add zilch to the final product. Second, baddie Crisp and his mother aren't threatening enough. They're jokes. Had the pair been played with a more menacing tone, the final showdown would have been even better. Still, it's a solid film as is."}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "Between Kindergarten Cop and Predator, you will learn about half of Arnold's famous one liners. That doesn't mean Kindergarten Cop is laughable trash. In fact, it's a wonderfully heartwarming story about broken families and how we learn to communicate with children. Also, it's just hilarious watching Arnold interact with kids.\r\n\r\nThis is one of those personal favourites of mine that I watch at least once every couple years or so. I love it from it's hilariously campy opener right up to its surprisingly violent ending. It's perfect for the guys to laugh and quote Arnold, and perfect for the girls to gush over how adorable the kids are."}], "recommandations_id": [9493, 6280, 9593, 9279]}