{"tmdb_id": 95267, "title": "Le monte-charge", "original_title": "Le monte-charge", "slug_title": "le-monte-charge", "date": "1962-05-04", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "8.5/10", "synopsis": "Bien qu'interdit de s\u00e9jour pour un crime passionnel, Robert revient \u00e0 Paris. Marthe l'entra\u00eene dans son appartement. Elle se d\u00e9robe. Il l'emm\u00e8ne chez lui, sans plus de succ\u00e8s. Il la suit une nouvelle fois chez elle o\u00f9 ils d\u00e9couvrent le cadavre du mari de la jeune femme. Pas question pour Robert de pr\u00e9venir la police. Marthe furieuse le chasse. Elle cherche un \"nouveau pigeon\", \u00e0 qui elle monte le m\u00eame sc\u00e9nario : pi\u00e8ce vide, pi\u00e8ce avec cadavre. Robert, revenu voir Marthe, obtient sa confession. Avant de tuer son mari, elle avait install\u00e9 un second appartement semblable au sien, \u00e0 l'\u00e9tage au-dessus. Un d\u00e9tail impr\u00e9vu la perdra.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/lkFhmhF0QxZnCAYnpi3UnGiX3ik.jpg", "actors": ["Lea Massari (Marthe Dravet)", "Robert Hossein (Robert Herbin)", "Maurice Biraud (Adolphe Ferrie)", "Robert Dalban (The Inspector)", "Pascale Brouillard (Nicole)", "Christian Brocard (un invit\u00e9 au repas de famille)", "Edouard Francomme (un homme \u00e0 la messe)", "Bernard Musson (un homme dans la rue)", "Laure Paillette (la dame qui rapporte le missel)", "Jeanne P\u00e9rez (Saleswoman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Christmas comes once a year and I don\u2019t want to spoil it.\r\n\r\nFor some time now those film lovers who have a kink for film noir have debated about years \u2013 the beginning and ending of this most wonderful style of film making. Rarely is French film noir taken into consideration, daft really since some quite superb French noir can be found in the 1960s, as America tailed off towards the back end of the 50s with their fascination for noir, some French film makers picked up the torch and kept it alight. \r\n\r\nLe monte-charge (1962) (The Lift/The Hoist/The Elevator\u2026) is a fine exponent of Frenchie noir. Directed by Marcel Bluwal and co-written by Bluwal with Frederic Dard, story pitches Robert Herbin (Robert Hossein) into a murky Hitchcockian labyrinth among the back streets of Argenteuil. Herbin has just served 7 years in prison and is in town breaking his parole requirements out of genuine necessity. Quickly becoming enamoured with Martha Dravet (Lea Massari), whom he meets in a caf\u00e9, Herbin is spun into a sexually tinged game of cat and mouse with the sultry siren. \r\n\r\nA she-wolf in cat-skin clothing? \r\n\r\nPic begins in deathly silence as Herbin moves about the shadow bathed buildings and moist glistening streets, from the off you know we are in noirville. He adorns a trench coat while she is attired in a wild cat skinned coat, noir dude and femme fatale in full effect! She has a child in tow as well, who is quickly dispatched to the apartment bedroom, left to sleep as Herbin and Dravet indulge in sexual frustrations, heartache yearnings and desperations. They often leave the apartment, toing and froing between noir tinted locales, the caged elevator the slow moving MacGuffin a focal point of some considerably visual power and plot importance. \r\n\r\nThen a body turns up, or does it? It's murky out there, she's fraught, he's confused, and when another man enters the fray, it gets messy and the crafty plot begins to unravel. Leading to a finale that doesn't disappoint the noir faithful. Bluwal and his cinematographer, Andre Bac, gleefully indulge in the staples of noir, with high-angled shots and a ream of murky exterior sequences. The script is a doozy, full of sexual energy, brought to life by the excellent Hossein and Massari, while Georges Delerue's musical score is perfectly pitched amongst the tonal flows of the narrative. \r\n\r\nCrimble Eve film noir, Gallic style. Splendid. 9/10"}], "recommandations_id": []}