{"tmdb_id": 9539, "title": "Martyrs", "original_title": "Martyrs", "slug_title": "martyrs", "date": "2008-09-03", "genre": ["Horreur / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "France, d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 70. Lucie, une petite fille de dix ans, disparue quelques mois plus t\u00f4t, est retrouv\u00e9e errant sur la route. Son corps maltrait\u00e9 ne porte aucune trace d'agression sexuelle. Les raisons de son enl\u00e8vement restent myst\u00e9rieuses. Traumatis\u00e9e, mutique, elle est plac\u00e9e dans un h\u00f4pital o\u00f9 elle se lie d'amiti\u00e9 avec Anna, une fille de son \u00e2ge. 15 ans plus tard, on sonne \u00e0 la porte d'une famille ordinaire. Le p\u00e8re ouvre et se retrouve face \u00e0 Lucie, arm\u00e9e d'un fusil de chasse. Persuad\u00e9e d'avoir retrouv\u00e9 ses bourreaux, elle tire.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/fC2Uld8qZ6waCuo71oTKzJTscaN.jpg", "actors": ["Myl\u00e8ne Jampano\u00ef (Lucie)", "Morjana Alaoui (Anna)", "Mike Chute (Bourreau)", "Catherine B\u00e9gin (Mademoiselle)", "Robert Toupin (Le P\u00e8re)", "Patricia Tulasne (La M\u00e8re)", "Juliette Gosselin (Marie)", "Anie Pascale (La Femme)", "Xavier Dolan (Antoine)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "CipE", "content": "Rated this 5/10 due to large amounts of repeated and gratuitous violence.\r\n\r\nIs it worth torturing people to find out if there is life after death?\r\nThis movie's answer seems to be \"Keep doubting\"."}, {"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Martyrs: Greek for Witness.\r\n\r\nMartyrs is written and directed by Pascal Laugier. It stars Morjana Alaoui and Mylene Jampanoi.\r\n\r\nThe New French Extremity Movement had its bar raised considerably by Pascal Laugier\u2019s brutal but thought provoking horror. It\u2019s a film as uncompromising as it is confrontational, a picture guaranteed to get a response for better or worse. Once viewed it simply will not be forgotten, the images, the twisty narrative thematics and the bloodshed that flows consistently throughout the story, Laugier and his two brilliant lead actresses assault the senses, magnificently so.\r\n\r\nStory is unfurled as a three tiered structure, each one devastating, but it\u2019s with the final third where the picture goes up through the stratosphere, stopping briefly at the caf\u00e9 weird just to further tickle our craniums. Some of the violence here is tough to watch, and it\u2019s no surprise to find it was met with the inevitable charges of misogyny. Yet the culmination of it all puts some perspective on the violence witnessed, leading to a strangely profound and moving climax.\r\n\r\nThe less you know about it going in for the first time the better. A strong stomach is required, as is an open mind, if you have these things then awaiting you is a visceral masterwork, one of the finest horror film\u2019s to have ever come out of France. Yes, it\u2019s that astonishing. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [13312, 10226, 73861, 13492], "youtube_key": "7ifU8X8Ewqk"}