{"tmdb_id": 95410, "title": "The Texican", "original_title": "The Texican", "slug_title": "the-texican", "date": "1966-11-01", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Western", "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Banni des Etats-Unis et r\u00e9fugi\u00e9 au Mexique, Jesse Carlin (Audie Murphy), retourne au Texas pour enqu\u00eater sur la mort de son fr\u00e8re Roy. Roy travaillait pour un journal local qui d\u00e9non\u00e7ait les abus d'un homme riche et puissant Luke Starr (Broderick Crawford). Pour faire r\u00e9gner l'ordre et la loi, Jesse Carlin devra affronter les hommes de main de Starr qui r\u00e8gne sur la ville de Rimrock .", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jFzLPYiYEGPgatR5hDFeUVbEhR.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Jess Carlin)", "Broderick Crawford (Luke Starr)", "Diana Lorys (Kit O'Neal)", "Antonio Casas (Frank Brady)", "Luz M\u00e1rquez (Sandy Adams)", "Antonio Molino Rojo (Harv)", "Antonio Casas (Frank Brady (as Anthony Casas))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "El Tejano.\r\n\r\nThe Texican is directed by Lesley Selander and written by John C. Champion and Jose Antonio de la Loma. It stars Audie Murphy, Broderick Crawford, Diana Lorys, Luz Marquez and Antonio Casas. A Technicolor/Techniscope production with music by Nico Fidenco and Robby Poitevin and cinematography by Francisco.\r\n\r\nMurphy and Crawford find themselves in Spain making a Paella Western that quite frankly is for completists only. Plot essentially has Murphy as a man seeking the truth of what happened to his recently deceased brother. Crawford is the town bully, resplendent with scowls and henchmen, a collision course is inevitable.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s professionally enough mounted and has the requisite pasta flavourings; clumsy dubbing, parched vistas, catchy music, moral ambiguity and etc etc. it\u2019s not a bad film by any stretch of the imagination, it\u2019s just very lazy and not challenging, either narratively or for the named stars. In the traditional sense it\u2019s a throwback to the American \u201cB\u201d Westerns of the 1950s, only it lacks zip for the action scenes and the stars are going through the motions. But fair credit to Murphy, he looks in great condition, as slick as ever, something which belies the problems he was having with his mental health off screen. Crawford on the other hand looks ill and fumbles through his dialogue with boredom evident.\r\n\r\nAverage fare here all told. 5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [172894, 38664, 78550, 128437]}