{"tmdb_id": 954, "title": "Mission : Impossible", "original_title": "Mission: Impossible", "slug_title": "mission-impossible", "date": "1996-05-22", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Les membres d'un commando de la CIA sont envoy\u00e9s \u00e0 Prague avec pour mission d'appr\u00e9hender, lors d'une r\u00e9ception dans l'ambassade am\u00e9ricaine, un espion ennemi qui s'appr\u00eate \u00e0 d\u00e9rober une disquette contenant la liste secr\u00e8te des agents en Europe centrale. Seulement ils ignorent que la CIA, persuad\u00e9e que le commando est infiltr\u00e9 par une taupe, a envoy\u00e9 une seconde \u00e9quipe sur place.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1PVKS17pIBFsIhgFws2uagPDNLW.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Cruise (Ethan Hunt)", "Emmanuelle B\u00e9art (Claire Phelps)", "Jon Voight (Jim Phelps)", "Henry Czerny (Eugene Kittridge)", "Vanessa Redgrave (Max)", "Ving Rhames (Luther Stickell)", "Jean Reno (Franz Krieger)", "Emilio Estevez (Jack Harmon)", "Kristin Scott Thomas (Sarah Davies)", "Ingeborga Dapk\u016bnait\u0117 (Hannah Williams)", "Dale Dye (Frank Barnes)", "Karel Dobr\u00fd (Matthias)", "Marcel Iures (Alexander Golitsyn)", "Rolf Saxon (CIA Analyst William Donloe)", "Ion Caramitru (Zozimov)", "Olegar Fedoro (Kiev Agent)", "Valentina Yakunina (Drunken Female IMF Agent)", "Marek Va\u0161ut (Drunken Male IMF Agent)", "Nathan Osgood (Kittridge Technician)", "Michael Rogers (Large man)", "Keith Campbell (Fireman (uncredited))", "John McLaughlin (TV Interviewer)", "Andreas Wisniewski (Max's Companion)", "Ricco Ross (Denied Area Security Guard)", "Mark Houghton (Denied Area Security Guard)", "Annabel Mullion (Flight Attendant)", "Garrick Hagon (CNN Reporter)", "David Schneider (Train Engineer)", "Helen Lindsay (Female Executive in Train)", "John Knoll (Passenger on Train in Tunnel (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "While the sequences that _Mission: Impossible_ is most famous for (the ceiling-descent and train-top) are truly thrilling, absolutely everything in between these scenes is obvious and uninspired. Rarely can a movie have you so completely engaged one minute, and then immediately back to checking the time the next.\r\n\r\nAn important film, pop-culturally speaking, but not a very good one.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605 - Had some things that appeal to me, but a poor finished product._"}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "When I first saw this movie I did not like it at all. My main gripe with the movie was (and is) that it did not feel like a Mission Impossible movie.\r\n\r\nSpoilers ahead! In the original series the team always succeeded, at least in the episodes I watched. However, the movie starts off with a big failure. Then to make matters worse we learn that Mr. Phelps, one of the original lead characters, is actually a traitor. I was so disappointed!\r\n\r\nNow when I watched it for the second time with my son I actually liked it a lot more. I still think it is sad that the script writers felt they had to introduce all these chock elements but trying to look past those this is a pretty good movie. I still do not think it is truly a Mission Impossible movie in the good old style of the series though.\r\n\r\nIt is a very good action/thriller movie though. Tom Cruise is really not bad in the role of Ethan Hunt and so are the rest of the actors. He is performing quite a few spectacular stunts and there are a decent amount of high tech stuff in the movie. Sure, some of the stunts and action scenes are perhaps a bit convoluted but it provides for some good cinemagic and it is fiction after all.\r\n\r\nIf this movie would not have been labelled Mission Impossible I would probably have given it another star but I cannot bring myself to completely overlook how far from the original inspiration it has strayed."}], "recommandations_id": [955, 956, 56292, 1573], "youtube_key": "0XAlutSwY0I"}