{"tmdb_id": 955, "title": "Mission : Impossible 2", "original_title": "Mission: Impossible II", "slug_title": "mission-impossible-2", "date": "2000-05-24", "genre": ["Aventure / Action / Thriller"], "score": "6.0/10", "synopsis": "Votre mission, monsieur Hunt, si vous d\u00e9cidez de l'accepter, sera de r\u00e9cup\u00e9rer un virus g\u00e9n\u00e9tiquement modifi\u00e9, baptis\u00e9 la  Chim\u00e8re. Sean Ambrose, qui fut votre \u00e9l\u00e8ve avant de devenir votre ennemi jur\u00e9, s'est empar\u00e9 de l'antidote et se terre dans un laboratoire secret de Sydney. Son ex-ma\u00eetresse, Nyah Hall, pourrait s'av\u00e9rer utile dans vos tentatives d'infiltration de ce QG hautement prot\u00e9g\u00e9. Comme toujours, si vous ou l'un de vos \u00e9quipiers \u00e9tiez captur\u00e9s ou tu\u00e9s, le D\u00e9partement d'\u00c9tat nierait avoir eu connaissance de vos agissements. Ce r\u00e9sum\u00e9 s'autod\u00e9truira dans cinq secondes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/di800v3Racf2FQ1ObZ1dskgS0px.jpg", "actors": ["Tom Cruise (Ethan Hunt)", "Thandie Newton (Nyah Nordoff-Hall)", "Dougray Scott (Sean Ambrose)", "Richard Roxburgh (Hugh Stamp)", "Ving Rhames (Luther Stickell)", "John Polson (Billy Baird)", "Anthony Hopkins (Mission Commander Swanbeck (uncredited))", "Brendan Gleeson (John C. McCloy)", "Rade Serbedzija (Dr. Nekhorvich)", "William Mapother (Wallis)", "Dominic Purcell (Ulrich)", "Mathew Wilkinson (Michael)", "Kee Chan (Chemist)", "Antonio Vargas (Senor De L'Arena)", "Cristina Brogeras (Flamenco Dancer)", "Kim Fleming (Larrabee)", "Nicholas Bell (Accountant)", "Christian Manon (Dr. Gradsky)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is a decent enough mindless action movie with a lot of over the top action but it is not really a Mission Impossible movie. The movie starts of reasonably well being somewhat intelligent with a bit of Mission Impossible feel to it. It is actually almost a bit slow at times. However, for the second half of the movie it really degrades into a classical John Woo, over the top, action feast with all pretense of intelligence and any true Mission Impossible feel gone. John Woo is not the right person to make a Mission Impossible movie.\r\n\r\nAs with the first movie if it would not have been labelled Mission Impossible I would probably have given it a higher rating since it is a decent enough, mostly braindead though, Hollywood action movie. However, I have higher expectations from a movie labelled Mission Impossible.\r\n\r\nTom Cruise is quite okay as Ethan Hunt. Dougray Scott is okayish as the bad guy. Sometimes he projects the right big bad and mad bad-guy attitude but sometimes he is just silly and just as over the top as the action scenes. He is supposed to be a mastermind but he comes out as a thug a\u2019 la a not so intelligent drug baron in many scenes.\r\n\r\nThe action scenes? Well, they are classical John Woo material. Fast paced with a lot of stunts and things that go boom. They are also, as expected, hugely over the top and unbelievable. They provide a enjoyable visual experience but, as I wrote above, they are not really what I would expect from a Mission Impossible movie.\r\n\r\nThe romance between Hunt and Nyah is the typical Hollywood, let\u2019s throw in a sexy girl and some superficial attraction, which develops from get lost to I love you in the matter of a few hours of contact, between the lead character and the girl. Meh!\r\n\r\nI get the impression that the people that have created these movies so far have not really watched a single full season of Mission Impossible."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "The first underwhelmed me, but this one straight-up bored me. Again, of course seeing Hunt climb a mountain without a harness is impressive sure. And I even quite liked the idea behind the villain of the piece (though even that angle was woefully underdeveloped).\r\n\r\nEven setting it in predominantly Australia was enough to grab my attention, and that's saying something cause I'm pretty biased when it comes to that. I hear tell that _Mission: Impossible II_ is the low point in the series, and that at least is encouraging, because if anything afterwards is much worse than this one, I don't know if I'll be able to make it through to Rogue Nation.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible._"}], "recommandations_id": [956, 954, 56292, 1571], "youtube_key": "vIpqpRuGrq4"}