{"tmdb_id": 95677, "title": "Duel au Colorado", "original_title": "Gunfight at Comanche Creek", "slug_title": "duel-au-colorado", "date": "1963-11-06", "genre": ["Western"], "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Comanche Creek, Colorado, 1875: Prisonnier Jack Mason est cass\u00e9 hors de la prison par une bande d'\u00e9trangers. Ils l'utilisent dans un vol, puis quand la r\u00e9compense mort ou vivant est assez \u00e9lev\u00e9, ils lui tirer dessus et de recueillir. L'Agence de d\u00e9tectives nationale, sachant maintenant les m\u00e9thodes du gang, l'agent arrange pour Bob Gifford mis en prison \u00e0 Comanche Creek pour vol de train. Le gang prend l'app\u00e2t (pas avant Gifford attire l'attention de la belle berline Abbie gardien). Mais comment l'app\u00e2t se tirer d'affaire?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/woEyeEqni0tml2w8FenLjpJeDbT.jpg", "actors": ["Audie Murphy (Bob 'Gif' Gifford aka Judd Tanner)", "DeForest Kelley (Amos Troop)", "Ben Cooper (Bill 'Kid' Carter)", "Colleen Miller (Abbie Stevens)", "Jan Merlin (Nielson)", "Adam Williams (Jed Hayden)", "Susan Seaforth Hayes (Janie)", "Mort Mills (Ben Bayer)", "John Milford (Bill Peters)", "Michael T. Mikler (Deputy)", "Thomas Browne Henry (Mike O'Brien)", "William Wellman Jr. (Deputy)", "Laurie Mitchell (Tina Neville)", "Tim Graham (Buck)", "Eddie Quillan (Stevens House Room Clerk)", "John Hubbard (Marshal Dan Shearer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Where he was going he'd be an outlaw or a corpse.\r\n\r\nGunfight at Comanche Creek is directed by Frank McDonald and written by Edward Bernds. It stars Audie Murphy, Ben Cooper, Colleen Miller, DeForest Kelley and Jan Merlin. A Panavision/De Luxe Color production with cinematography by Joseph Biroc and music by Marlin Skiles. \r\n\r\nMurphy stars as an agent for the National Detective Agency who goes undercover to find the outlaw gang that has been breaking convicts out of jail to help them to commit more crimes. The resulting crimes cause the bounties upon the fugitives' heads to rise, thus the outlaws then kill the convicts and claim the rewards.\r\n\r\nApparently a remake of 1957 film The Last of the Badmen, Gunfight at Comanche Creek is a suspenseful and entertaining blend of detective shenanigans with Western staples. It's an interesting role for Murphy, playing Bob Gifford (AKA: Judd Tanner) as a fearless ladies man having to just use his wits instead of guns just to survive the undercover operation. It's not exactly what you would call a high energy action movie, since we don't really get the pulse raised until the finale, but there's enough twists and intelligence in the plotting to keep the story intriguing.\r\n\r\nNegatives? There's a continuous narration by an uncredited Reed Hadley which is most intrusive. Instead of letting us be involved fully with the unfolding story, the makers felt the need to have Reed fill us in on what is happening at every turn in the plot! Clearly they were going for a hard-boiled detective angle, but it's misplaced. While Miller is saddled with one of those token female roles. But the support cast do what is required to make the film work, Murphy delivers a good one for his fans and Biroc's colour photography is very easy on the eye. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [239605, 140840, 79103, 154091], "youtube_key": "notfound"}