{"tmdb_id": 9573, "title": "Cr\u00e9ance de sang", "original_title": "Blood Work", "slug_title": "creance-de-sang", "date": "2002-08-04", "genre": "Crime / Thriller", "score": "6.2/10", "synopsis": "Terry McCaleb, un profiler l\u00e9gendaire du FBI, traque un tueur en s\u00e9rie, retors et obstin\u00e9, qui s'amuse \u00e0 le provoquer en semant sur les lieux de ses crimes des messages cod\u00e9s en lettres de sang. Alors qu'il est sur le point de capturer l'insaisissable Code Killer, le policier s'\u00e9croule, victime d'un infarctus. Sauv\u00e9 de justesse par une greffe du c\u0153ur, il entame une longue convalescence, et deux ans apr\u00e8s son accident, m\u00e8ne dans le port de San Diego, une paisible vie de retrait\u00e9.C'est alors qu'une jeune femme, Graciela Rivers, vient solliciter son aide pour lui demander de retrouver le meurtrier de sa s\u0153ur, Gloria, celle \u00e0 qui appartenait le c\u0153ur dont Terry est aujourd'hui pourvu. Pour honorer sa \u00ab\u00a0cr\u00e9ance de sang\u00a0\u00bb, ce dernier se lance alors dans une enqu\u00eate ardue, physiquement dangereuse, avec le concours de son ami nonchalant Buddy Noone.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ySXU1cBgjnAXSVBnSikgfq6Gwjg.jpg", "actors": ["Clint Eastwood (Terry McCaleb)", "Jeff Daniels (Jasper 'Buddy' Noone)", "Anjelica Huston (Dr. Bonnie Fox)", "Wanda De Jesus (Graciella Rivers)", "Tina Lifford (Detective Jaye Winston)", "Paul Rodr\u00edguez (Detective Ronaldo Arrango)", "Dylan Walsh (Detective John Waller)", "Mason Lucero (Raymond Torres)", "Gerry Becker (Mr. Toliver)", "Rick Hoffman (James Lockridge)", "Alix Koromzay (Mrs. Cordell)", "Igor Jijikine (Mikhail Bolotov)", "Dina Eastwood (Reporter #1)", "Beverly Leech (Reporter #2)", "June Kyoto Lu (Mrs. Kang)", "Chao Li Chi (Mr. Kang)", "Glenn Morshower (Captain)", "Robert Harvey (Restaurant Manager)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Dirty Harry\u2019s final case (not really, but seems like it)***\r\n\r\nRecovering from a heart transplant, a retired FBI profiler (Clint Eastwood) takes a case as a private investigator because of his amazing link to one of the victims. Jeff Daniels plays his amusing neighbor, a dock bum, while Wanda De Jesus appears as his potential girlfriend.\r\n\r\n\u201cBlood Work\u201d (2002) was based on a Michael Connelly novel and his corresponding protagonist, Terry McCaleb, but the movie comes across as Dirty Harry\u2019s final case after retirement, sorta like \u201cGran Torino\u201d (2008) was akin to \u201cDirty Harry, the Golden Years.\u201d \r\n\r\nEastwood was 71 during shooting, but his character is roughly eight years younger and he pulls it off. I point this out to stress that he\u2019s no longer kick-axx Dirty Harry. This is an aged, retired and recovering detective working on what is likely his last case. A lot of dialog is devoted to emphasizing how over-the-hill he is and how horrible he looks.\r\n\r\nSo, while this is a gritty big city detective flick in the mold of Dirty Harry, it\u2019s way more subdued and mature. It\u2019s more dramatic and less compelling. If you can roll with that, it\u2019s a decent detective movie. It\u2019s relatively realistic until the ending, which features a twist that I didn\u2019t foresee (although others say they did). The climax is unlikely and smacks of a typical Hollywood ending. \u201cA Simple Plan\u201d (1998) did the same thing: a believable story that takes a \u201cYeah, right\u201d turn at the close.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 50 minutes and was shot in the Los Angeles area. Anjelica Huston also appears as a doctor while Paul Rodriguez is on hand as a cranky Hispanic detective.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [10354, 66, 6723, 9386]}