{"tmdb_id": 9587, "title": "Les Quatre filles du docteur March", "original_title": "Little Women", "slug_title": "les-quatre-filles-du-docteur-march", "date": "1994-12-21", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Aux Etats-Unis, pendant la guerre de S\u00e9cession, madame March, dont le mari est au front, vit avec ses quatre filles, Amy, Meg, Jo et Beth. Elle les \u00e9l\u00e8ve avec soin et tendresse, en d\u00e9pit d'un \u00e9tat de pauvret\u00e9 prononc\u00e9, qui n'emp\u00eache pas ces quatre aimables soeurs de se montrer bonnes et g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses. Parfois, des querelles divisent le clan, mais l'imagination de Jo, qui \u00e9crit des pi\u00e8ces de th\u00e9\u00e2tre que joue le quatuor, a vite fait de les effacer. Jo devient l'amie de leur jeune et nouveau voisin, Laurie Lawrence. Gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 cette relation, elle et Meg, les deux a\u00een\u00e9es, sont invit\u00e9es au bal donn\u00e9 par la famille Lawrence. C'est l'occasion pour elles d'\u00e9chapper \u00e0 la morosit\u00e9 de leur vie quotidienne et d'oublier pour un temps les probl\u00e8mes d'argent...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/tD9YDE8pjtSvvKUpkmooE6YDSm8.jpg", "actors": ["Winona Ryder (Josephine \"Jo\" March)", "Trini Alvarado (Margaret \"Meg\" March)", "Claire Danes (Elizabeth \"Beth\" March)", "Kirsten Dunst (Younger Amy March)", "Samantha Mathis (Older Amy March)", "Susan Sarandon (Mrs. Abigail \"Marmee\" March)", "Christian Bale (Theodore \"Laurie\" Laurence)", "Gabriel Byrne (Friedrich Bhaer)", "Eric Stoltz (John Brooke)", "John Neville (Mr. Laurence)", "Mary Wickes (Aunt March)", "Florence Paterson (Hannah)", "Donal Logue (Jacob Mayer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***\u201cTime erodes beauty, but what it cannot diminish is the wonderful workings of your mind\"***\r\n\r\nBased on  Louisa May Alcott\u2019s classic 1868 novel, \u201cLittle Women\u201d details the coming-of-age years of four sisters from 1862-1868, covering most of the Civil War and a few years afterward.\r\n\r\nI love the rustic New England ambiance, especially the wintery parts, but the story curiously isn\u2019t as compelling as the classic 1933 version with Katharine Hepburn, at least as I REMEMBER it being. Thankfully, things perk up in the second half when the forceful Jo (Winona Ryder) goes to New York City and develops a friendship with an amicable, but much older scholar (Gabriel Byrne). The ending is heartwarming.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s interesting seeing all these actors when they were younger: Trini Alvarado as the oldest sister Meg, who\u2019s interested in a tutor that works next door (Eric Stoltz); Claire Danes as the sickly Beth; and Kirsten Dunst & Samantha Mathis as Amy, younger and older. Christian Bale plays the neighbor, Laurie, who becomes an honorary brother that loves the March family so much he desperately wants to be part of it. Meanwhile Susan Sarandon is on hand as the mother.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 55 minutes and was shot in British Columbia and Deerfield, Massachusetts. While the movie opened rather weakly at the box office during Christmas, 1994, it went on to become a surprise success.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [4584, 3573, 9263, 9454], "youtube_key": "uKqi9edJVQY"}