{"tmdb_id": 9614, "title": "Terminagolf", "original_title": "Happy Gilmore", "slug_title": "terminagolf", "date": "1996-02-16", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.5/10", "synopsis": "Pour sauver la maison de sa grand-m\u00e8re, un joueur de hockey devient joueur de golf. La technique n'est pas la m\u00eame !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uTskpgilFwnj6AIRSkY8SLHcTRy.jpg", "actors": ["Adam Sandler (Happy Gilmore)", "Christopher McDonald (Shooter McGavin)", "Julie Bowen (Virginia Venit)", "Frances Bay (Grandma Gilmore)", "Allen Covert (Otto)", "Robert Smigel (IRS Agent)", "Bob Barker (Himself)", "Richard Kiel (Mr. Larson)", "Dennis Dugan (Doug Thompson)", "Joe Flaherty (Jeering Fan)", "Lee Trevino (Himself)", "Kevin Nealon (Potter)", "Verne Lundquist (Announcer)", "Jared Van Snellenberg (Happy's Waterbury Caddy)", "Ken Camroux (Coach)", "Carl Weathers (Chubbs)", "Nancy McClure (Terry)", "Helena Yea (Chinese Lady)", "Will Sasso (Mover)", "Dee Jay Jackson (Mover)", "Ellie Harvie (Registrar)", "Ian Boothby (Guy on Green)", "Ben Stiller (Hal L. - Orderly in Nursing Home (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Mr. Angry channels aggression nicely...\r\n\r\nTrue Story. All my friends are golfers, however, it's not a sport for me. I played with them once after they continued to badger me about it, at a par 4 hole I used a putter instead of a driver to get onto the green, literally just whacked it straight and hard, I holed in 3, much to my friend's consternation!!\r\n\r\nThe purpose of that story is why I enjoyed Happy Gilmore so much, it takes fun pot shots at the sport whilst daftly proclaiming that any dude can play in his own style. This is an absolutely no brain movie of course, with a plot as daft as it sounds - a failed/angry ice-hockey player takes up golf to earn money to save his granny's house from being repossessed - and of course he becomes a cause c\u00e9l\u00e8bre to the golfing curates.\r\n\r\nSandler has and always will be an acquired comedy taste, making this very much one for his fans only. And truth be told this is basic Sandler where he's shouty and sweary, and he certainly improved on a filmic level from this point on. So what you gonna do? I laughed a lot, but you see I'm a Sandler fan (though there are some films of his I positively hate), it cheered me up and sometimes that's all I want from one of his movies. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [11017, 10663, 2022, 9032]}