{"tmdb_id": 9618, "title": "Tango & Cash", "original_title": "Tango & Cash", "slug_title": "tango-cash", "date": "1989-12-22", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Deux flics que tout oppose sont victimes d'une machination foment\u00e9e par un baron de la drogue. Pour se disculper, ils doivent mettre fin aux activit\u00e9s du trafiquant.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/mHDDTtNMyDkjy807KmNsuSJyIQK.jpg", "actors": ["Sylvester Stallone (Raymond 'Ray' Tango)", "Kurt Russell (Gabriel 'Gabe' Cash)", "Teri Hatcher (Katherine 'Kiki' Tango)", "Jack Palance (Yves Perret)", "Brion James (Requin)", "James Hong (Quan)", "Robert Z'Dar (Face)", "Michael J. Pollard (Owen)", "Philip Tan (Chinese Gunman)", "Roy Brocksmith (Fed. Agent Davis)", "Marc Alaimo (Lopez)", "Lewis Arquette (Wyler)", "Edward Bunker (Capt. Holmes)", "Geoffrey Lewis (Captain Schroeder)", "Clint Howard (Slinky)", "Susan Krebs (Prosecutor)", "Michael Jeter (Skinner)", "Martin Valinsky (Bailiff)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you really wanted to stare death in the eye, you shoulda gotten married.\r\n\r\nSylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell play polar opposite Los Angeles cops who are framed by an arch nemesis and forced to team up in order to clear their name.\r\n\r\nUnashamedly macho and very much of its time, this is daft energetic fun that's full of octane inventive action and ever quotable one liners. Stallone is Tango, the smart dressed sophisticated policeman, Russel is Cash, the slobbish act first - ask questions later copper, both men very different but both excellent at their jobs.\r\n\r\nPic gets by mostly on the chemistry between Stallone and Russell, who put much zest into their respective characters bickering and bantering. Action is well put together by director Andrey Konchalovskiy, but unfortunately the final third of the piece starts to sag as our mismatched cops start to respect and befriend each other and the plot reaches the inevitable conclusion.\r\n\r\nIt doesn't help matters that Jack Palance's main villain is only a bit part player, or that his head henchman Requin (the usually ace Brion James) gives us a quite appalling British accent. Add in Teri Hatcher who is in it purely for dressage and as a cypher between the two boys, then it's a picture not without problems. Yet the script and star turns from the leading duo ensure this remains a favourite of many whom lapped it up back in the backend of the 1980s. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9874, 9350, 9691, 9604], "youtube_key": "qwzkxI6b9Go"}