{"tmdb_id": 96239, "title": "Remington and the Curse of the Zombadings", "original_title": "Zombadings 1: Patayin sa Shokot si Remington", "slug_title": "remington-and-the-curse-of-the-zombadings", "date": "2011-08-31", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Horreur / Drame"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Remington lives in a small provincial town. He\u2019s a typical macho. During the day he works his ass off and at night he gets drunk to blow off steam. As a child Remington mercilessly harassed his homosexual neighbor until the man put a curse on him. One day Remington would turn gay. And it seems like the curse is slowly but surely working its magic. Remington is being forced out of a closet he never thought he\u2019d be in. First his body language turns pink, then the way he talks and finally his sexual preference. Poor Remington finds himself entangled in a confusing threesome with his best friend and girlfriend. In the meantime his mother, a police officer, tries to find the perpetrator of a series of murders in the city\u2019s gay and transsexual community. And the victims do not intend to remain under ground. They\u2019re coming out of their coffins, Gloria Gaynor style !", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4C0Y9ZSYxWk91T1GxrGqP6jaGaG.jpg", "actors": ["Martin Escudero (Remington)", "Lauren Young (Hannah)", "Kerbie Zamora (Jigs)", "Roderick Paulate (Pops)", "Janice de Belen (Fe)", "Eugene Domingo (Mrs. Montano)", "John Regala (Ed)", "Marian Rivera (Albularya)", "Mailes Kanapi (Mimi)", "Nar Cabico (Georgia)", "Daniel Fernando (Suarez)", "Leandro Baldemor (Serge)", "Odette Khan (Mayor)", "Nicco Manalo (Ernesto Manansala)", "Daniel Medrana (Seraphim - Popss page boy / apprentice sorcerer)", "Ward Luarca (Berting)", "Bayani Agbayani (Beauty Pageant Emcee)", "Jess Evardone (Priest)", "Emmanuel Dela Cruz (Gaydar (voice))", "Sunshine Teodoro (Pahiyas Contestant)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "JLa72fgOVWQ"}