{"tmdb_id": 96335, "title": "Summer Camp Girls", "original_title": "Summer Camp Girls", "slug_title": "summer-camp-girls", "date": "1983-01-01", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A little rich girl is sent off to summer camp by her Mafioso daddy to hide her from the real world. Little does he know that at Camp Quim, sex wins out over arts and crafts every time. Shauna Grant is stunning as the virginal youngster who finds true lust behind closed cabin doors, and Joanna Storm and Kimberly Carson are really quite beautiful themselves. Angela (Shauna Grant) is a new arrival. Longtime resident Carla (Tara Aire) is jealous of boyfriend, J.D. (Herschel Savage) who works at the camp. J.D. take a shine to Angela, so Carla has it in for her. Tammy (Joanna Storm) and Susie (Danielle) have the hots for counselor Greg (Paul Thomas). Fellow counselor Marcie (Janey Robbins) comforts Greg. Veronica (Kimberly Carson) takes virginal Angela to a biker bar and then gets in the middle of a bar fight. There's a plot twist at the end about kidnapping, as well as the shotgun wedding of Angela and J.D..", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h7iylG1iFWdMoZjcH3si5rR4Ihr.jpg", "actors": ["Kimberly Carson (Veronica)", "Tara Aire (Carla)", "Shauna Grant (Angela Cortese)", "Herschel Savage (J.D.)", "Joanna Storm (Tammy)", "Danielle (Suzie)", "Brooke Fields (Girl with Fisherman)", "John Alderman (Louie Cortese)", "Eric Edwards (Fisherman)", "Janey Robbins (Marcy)", "Honey Wilder (Olga)", "Antonio Crabbe (Animal)", "Harold Lime (Ernie the Bartender)", "Mark Wallice (Buck)", "Michael Holman (Biker with Veronica)", "Leesi Foxx (Camper)", "Karey Sinclair (Camper)", "Paul Thomas (Greg)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}