{"tmdb_id": 96346, "title": "Nothing But the Truth", "original_title": "Nothing But the Truth", "slug_title": "nothing-but-the-truth", "date": "1941-10-10", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Stockbroker T.T.Ralston has promised his neice Gwen to double it if she can raise $20,000. for charity. But he connives so those she asks refuse to give her more than the $10,000 she's already raised. Gwen secretly gives T.T.'s new partner Steve Bennett the $10,000 and asks him to double it. Later in a discussion with T.T., business partner Dick and client Van, about truth in business Steve bets the $10,000. that he can tell the truth for 24 hours. Having already accepted an invitation for a weekend on T.T.'s houseboat, Steve is subjected to 24 hours of attempts to get him to lie or divulge the bet, which would lose him (and Gwen) the $10,000.aving already accepted an invitation for a weekend on Ralston's boat Steve is subjected to a campaign to make him loose the bet", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/4acIhmiFgtE0RJS2mMghzNKlada.jpg", "actors": ["Bob Hope (Steve Bennett)", "Paulette Goddard (Gwen Saunders)", "Edward Arnold (T.T. Ralston)", "Leif Erickson (Tommy Van Dusen)", "Helen Vinson (Linda Graham)", "Willie Best (Samuel)", "Glenn Anders (Dick Donnelly)", "Grant Mitchell (Mr. Bishop)", "Catherine Doucet (Mrs. Van Dusen)", "Rose Hobart (Mrs. Harriet Donnelly)", "Clarence Kolb (Mr. Van Dusen)", "Mary Forbes (Mrs. Ralston)", "Leon Belasco (Dr. Zarak)", "Helene Millard (Miss Hilda Turner)", "Will Wright (Mr. Bart Prichard (uncredited))"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}