{"tmdb_id": 96378, "title": "Stag", "original_title": "Stag", "slug_title": "stag", "date": "2013-08-19", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "Ken Andrews (Faison) has been the orchestrator of the hazing pranks at all of his buddies' stags - elaborate, hilarious pranks that have left many emotional scars and a few physical ones. And now today is Ken's stag! He nervously awaits the fate that his pals surely have in store for him, comforted only by the knowledge that Carl (Pat Thornton) will be there to watch his back. That is, so long as Carl can extract himself from the Hollywood celebrity, Veronica (Amurri). Ken will soon discover that payback is worse than he could ever imagine. Written by Brett Heard", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rQ337IECVX8W4RE7GCzzUbTROBA.jpg", "actors": ["Donald Faison (Ken Andrews)", "Eva Amurri Martino (Veronica)", "Jon Dore (Luke)", "Pat Thornton (Carl)", "Tony Nappo (Paul)", "Leah Renee (Candy / Margaret)", "Jefferson Brown (Henry McCarthy)", "Brendan Gall (Rory)", "Mayko Nguyen (Caroline)", "Georgina Reilly (Pam)", "Sugar Lyn Beard (Mary)", "Scott Yaphe (Randy)", "Brianna D'Aguanno (Isabella)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "ErikThaRed", "content": "\u201cStag\u201d arrives in the shadow of \u201cThe Hangover,\u201d though this tale of bachelor party shenanigans emerges from the Canadian film industry. Just how Canadian is this movie? Well, there\u2019s a stripper, but she remains clothed for 99% of her screentime and the feature ends with a father reaffirming his love for his family. \u201cStag\u201d isn\u2019t exactly a raunchy explosion of men behaving badly, and it\u2019s not all that funny either. True to its Canadian heritage, it\u2019s mild stuff, hoping to come across triumphantly ill-mannered with erection jokes and the occasional curse word, missing a devilish spark that could amplify its tightly mittened tomfoolery to pleasing extremes."}], "recommandations_id": [191698, 13577, 222136, 14063], "youtube_key": "hI50TF3ad2Y"}