{"tmdb_id": 96399, "title": "Cristeros", "original_title": "For Greater Glory: The True Story of Cristiada", "slug_title": "cristeros", "date": "2012-06-01", "genre": "Histoire / Drame", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "En 1926, un soul\u00e8vement populaire secoue le Mexique suite aux lois du pr\u00e9sident Call\u00e8s, qui interdisent toutes pratiques religieuses dans l\u2019ensemble du pays. Des hommes et des femmes de tous horizons, les Cristeros, vont alors risquer leur vie pour d\u00e9fendre leur libert\u00e9 et lutter contre les pers\u00e9cutions men\u00e9es par le gouvernement. Une des pages les plus sombres de l\u2019Histoire du Mexique.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h8NulbwNlLCv8gksWma0PD2Nkv0.jpg", "actors": ["Eva Longoria (Tulita)", "Andy Garc\u00eda (Enrique Gorostieta Velarde)", "Oscar Isaac (Victoriano 'El Catorce' Ramirez)", "Peter O'Toole (Father Christopher)", "Rub\u00e9n Blades (Pr\u00e9sident Calles)", "Catalina Sandino Moreno (Adriana)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "xenocast", "content": "This is a great story with some flawed movie making. I still give it a high rating for the story (some) of the acting and the cinematography.  The story is a great story but not greatly told in this film. That is the \"flawed\" part. The beginning of the movie comes across stiffly including some stiff acting from otherwise excellent actors. The amazing part of this story is that it is true, history that almost nobody - in or out of Mexico knows about.  Some of the cinematography in this film is beautiful.  After watching the movie I went home to read more about this period and found some astonishing facts such as 90,000 people were slaughtered in this very short (and recent) period of time. While the film did not shy away from some graphic violence, I don't think it did a good job of conveying just how dark this period must have been and instead opted for Hollywood style heroes and gunfights. Despite the name-brand actors who fill the movie, Andy Garcia was good but Maruicio Kuri was the highlight and Oscar Isaac was also notable."}], "recommandations_id": [107934, 399786, 15669, 56179]}