{"tmdb_id": 9645, "title": "Le Vaisseau de l'angoisse", "original_title": "Ghost Ship", "slug_title": "le-vaisseau-de-l-angoisse", "date": "2002-10-25", "genre": "Horreur / Myst\u00e8re / Thriller", "score": "5.5/10", "synopsis": "Construit en 1954, le prestigieux paquebot \"Antonia Graza\" \u00e9tait l'orgueil de l'Italie. Jusqu'\u00e0 cette nuit tragique de 1962 o\u00f9 la mort s'abattit brutalement sur le navire, fauchant en quelques instants tous ses occupants. Quarante ans plus tard, Sean Murphy, le capitaine du remorqueur Arctic Warrior, et Maureen Epps, son chef d'\u00e9quipe, sont contact\u00e9s par Jack Ferriman, un pilote canadien qui a rep\u00e9r\u00e9 dans la mer de B\u00e9ring l'\u00e9pave du paquebot disparu. Murphy, Epps et leurs hommes n'h\u00e9sitent pas une seule minute. Ils se sentent pr\u00eats \u00e0 affronter tous les dangers pour r\u00e9parer l'\u00e9pave, la ramener \u00e0 bon port... et la revendre \u00e0 bon prix. Des ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes \u00e9tranges ne vont pas tarder \u00e0 se produire", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/bd1EtLl1qVRWqshxtEcs2wd4Z9g.jpg", "actors": ["Gabriel Byrne (Captain Sean Murphy)", "Julianna Margulies (Maureen Epps)", "Desmond Harrington (Jack Ferriman)", "Ron Eldard (Dodge)", "Isaiah Washington (Greer)", "Karl Urban (Munder)", "Emily Browning (Katie Harwood)", "Francesca Rettondini (Francesca)", "Bob Ruggiero (Captain)", "Jamie Giddens (Friendly Officer)", "Alex Dimitriades (Santos)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Wetter than a fishes bathing costume.\r\n\r\nIt\u2019s a pretty unadventurous title that matches the content of the film. Directed by Steve Beck and starring Gabriel Byrne, Desmond Harrington, Ron Eldard and Julianna Margulies, plot finds a salvage crew discovering a long lost passenger liner out in the remote Bering Sea. With the laws of the sea stating that they can keep what they find, they are delighted to find gold on board. But it\u2019s not long before strange things start to happen.\r\n\r\nIt starts of real well with a bloody and gruesome prelude, the production design is super and everything is in place for a chiller out there in the foggy waters. Unfortunately what we actually get is a predictable series of clich\u00e9s cribbed from better movies of the past, none of which capable of eliciting a genuine scare. The makers think that having a bombastic techno score accompanying the dramatic moments will make them appear more shocking. It doesn\u2019t, while the cast are ill served by direction and writing.\r\n\r\n\r\nHorror 101 for beginners. 3/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "I remember thinking this was good as a child... I was wrong.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u00bd: - Boring/disappointing. Avoid if possible._"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Ghostly happenings on a decades-lost lost ocean liner \r\n\r\nRELEASED IN 2002 and directed by Steve Beck, \"Ghost Ship\" revolves around salvagers finding a mysterious ship in the Bering Sea that's been lost for four decades and they intend to claim it, but things go from strange to worse as they board the eerie vessel and try to tow it to harbor.\r\n\r\nThe cast is strong, headed by Gabriel Byrne. Emily Brown appears as a 12 year-old girl. Julianna Margulies looks fine but they don't do enough with her. Francesca Rettondini is also on hand. Let's just say the low-budget \"Ghost Voyage\" (2008) is better in the area of women.\r\n\r\nStill, the ship sets are excellent and it certainly seems like they shot the film on a real vessel. Interestingly, the Antonia Graza of the movie is a replica of the Andrea Doria.  Other positives include: The refreshing score with \u201cNot Falling\u201d by Mudvayne thrown in for good measure; a nice haunting atmosphere at sea with one creepy scene reminiscent of the excellent \u201cDead Calm\u201d (1989); potent visuals of the formidable vessel looming over the tugboat; plus some good thrills, notably one of the greatest horror scenes in the history of cinema in the prologue, no kidding. There's also a decent revelation thrown in at the end.\r\n\r\nIf you like this one be sure to check out the aforementioned \"Ghost Voyage,\" which is a TV movie. \"Ghost Ship\" was released to theaters and obviously had a bigger budget, but that doesn't mean it's better, just that it's more polished.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 91 minutes. WRITERS: Mark Hanlon and John Pogue.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [9378, 10066, 11377, 11618]}