{"tmdb_id": 9647, "title": "Fant\u00f4mes en f\u00eate", "original_title": "Scrooged", "slug_title": "fantomes-en-fete", "date": "1988-11-22", "genre": ["Fantastique / Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "Le jeune directeur d'une cha\u00eene de t\u00e9l\u00e9vision, Frank Cross, carri\u00e9riste effr\u00e9n\u00e9, est au sommet de sa gloire. Nul ne r\u00e9siste \u00e0 ses dictats et il terrorise tous ses collaborateurs. Quelques jours avant No\u00ebl, il d\u00e9cide d'adapter de facon provocante le fameux \"Chant de No\u00ebl\" de Dickens. C'est ce moment que choisit son ancien patron, Lew Hayward, mort depuis sept ans, pour le hanter. Le spectre le somme de s'amender sous peine de finir en enfer. Pour cela Frank recevra la visite de trois esprits de No\u00ebl qui l'aideront \u00e0 faire son choix.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9gUQPVt0QZYKUBrGGtknfrsRQ1c.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Murray (Francis Xavier Cross)", "Karen Allen (Claire Phillips)", "John Forsythe (Lew Hayward)", "Bobcat Goldthwait (Eliot Loudermilk)", "Carol Kane (Ghost of Christmas Present)", "Robert Mitchum (Grace Cooley)", "Michael J. Pollard (Herman)", "Alfre Woodard (Grace Cooley)", "John Glover (Bryce Cummings)", "David Johansen (Ghost of Christmas Past)", "Nicholas Phillips (Calvin Cooley)", "Mabel King (Gramma)", "John Murray (James Cross)", "Wendie Malick (Wendie Cross)", "Brian Doyle-Murray (Earl Cross)", "Joel Murray (Guest)", "Delores Hall (Hazel)", "Jamie Farr (Jacob Marley)", "Buddy Hackett (Scrooge)", "Robert Goulet (Himself)", "John Houseman (Himself)", "Lee Majors (Himself)", "Mary Lou Retton (Tiny Tim)", "Maria Riva (Mrs. Rhinelander)", "Anne Ramsey (Woman in Shelter)", "Sydna Scott (Woman #2 in Shelter)", "Larry Carlton (Street Musician)", "David Sanborn (Street Musician)", "Paul Schaffer (Street Musician)", "Mary Ellen Trainor (Ted)", "Al 'Red Dog' Weber (Santa Clause)", "Robert Hammond (Ghost of Christmas Future)", "Susan Isaacs (Guest)", "Logan Ramsey (Man in Shelter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Put a little love in your heart.\r\n\r\nThis is a perfect vehicle for Bill Murray, his brand of sarcastic and caustic delivery is nailed on perfect for Frank Cross, the modern day scrooge in this tale. I have often found him to be an acquired taste, I mean don't get me wrong here, I'm a big fan and can repeatedly watch his best offerings, but it's not hard to understand why his style is not universally loved. Scrooged is pure and simply the modern spin of the story we all have grown up with, that isn't to say that the film loses anything as regards Christmas spirit, because it doesn't, the message is still the same, and in this ever changing world of ours the core essence of the story is one the world should heed.\r\n\r\nThis version is a blast, it's loud, it's brash, but boy is it damn funny, and I personally watch it every Christmas without fail. And yes, I watch it alongside the glorious Alistair Sim version, for although they are poles apart in class, they both entertain for very different reasons.\r\n\r\nJoining Murray in this festive romp is the delightful Karen Allen, while luminaries such as former New York Dolls front man David Johansen and Mr. Laconic himself, Robert Mitchum, add some weight to the cast list. It all works really rather well with the exception of Carol Kane's Ghost Of Christmas Present, where to me she comes off as being more annoying than funny, but that of course is a personal opinion and I know as fact that many others adore her energetic performance. With quips aplenty and of course with a simple heartfelt message at the core, Scrooged is truly a sharp and enjoyable film to be enjoyed at the festive period. \r\n\r\nThanks boys, get the nurse! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10890, 11418, 10276, 11977], "youtube_key": "J11NIQJdO5Q"}