{"tmdb_id": 9665, "title": "Glory", "original_title": "Glory", "slug_title": "glory", "date": "1989-12-15", "genre": "Guerre", "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "1863. La guerre de S\u00e9c\u00e9ssion ravage l'Am\u00e9rique et tourne \u00e0 l'avantage du Sud. Lincoln proclame l'\u00e9mancipation officielle des noirs et d\u00e9cide que les volontaires noirs pourront s'engager sous les ordres d'officiers blancs. Un r\u00e9giment de volontaires noirs est alors cr\u00e9\u00e9 et le jeune Robert Gould Shaw est nomm\u00e9 colonel de ces soldats m\u00e9pris\u00e9s. Les volontaires sont nombreux et parmi eux Searles, un ami de Shaw, et Trip, une t\u00eate br\u00fbl\u00e9e qui refuse l'autorit\u00e9. En s'engageant, ces hommes veulent enfin conqu\u00e9rir une dignit\u00e9 qu'ils n'ont jamais connue. Aid\u00e9 par Forbes, un de ses camarades nomm\u00e9 commandant, Shaw commence \u00e0 former ses recrues pour le combat.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/6GOuzFu6hVJY8bNWgnJ82lBweuy.jpg", "actors": ["Matthew Broderick (Col. Robert Gould Shaw)", "Denzel Washington (Pvt. Trip)", "Cary Elwes (Maj. Cabot Forbes)", "Morgan Freeman (Sgt. Maj. John Rawlins)", "Jihmi Kennedy (Pvt. Jupiter Sharts)", "Andre Braugher (Cpl. Thomas Searles)", "John Finn (Sgt. Maj. Mulcahy)", "Donovan Leitch (Capt. Charles Fessenden Morse)", "JD Cullum (Henry Sturgis Russell)", "Bob Gunton (Gen. Charles Garrison Harker)", "Cliff DeYoung (Col. James M. Montgomery)", "Christian Baskous (Edward L. Pierce)", "RonReaco Lee (Mute Drummer Boy)", "Jay O. Sanders (Gen. George Crockett Strong)", "Alan North (Gov. John Albion Andrew)", "Richard Riehle (Quartermaster)", "Peter Michael Goetz (Francis George Shaw)", "Mark Margolis (10th Connecticut Soldier)", "Jane Alexander (Sarah Blake Sturgis Shaw)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "And there wouldn't be nothing but rebs dyin if they'd let the fifty-fourth in it.\r\n\r\nBased around the actual letters sent by Colonel Robert Gould Shaw to his parents, this Civil War picture tells the story of the Massachusetts 54th Regiment, the first black regiment to fight under the American flag. Led by their white leader (Shaw), they must overcome bigotry, in fighting and the war itself, and this just to feel like men of honour.\r\n\r\nThe most striking thing about Glory is that it is never over sentimental. With the subject to hand it would have been easy for the makers to over egg the pudding and rely solely on a racialist stance purely for impact. What we do get is actually a candidate for one of the most politically correct war films to have ever been made. It's harsh and at times heart tugging, that in fact is certainly true, but the narrative never veers from the core essence of men wanting to be just that - men!\r\n\r\nDirector Edward Zwick has many critics in the industry, but here his attention to detail should be roundly applauded. He perfectly captures the period whilst molding a tightly plotted piece of work. Zwick also needs a pat on the back for hiring cinematographer Freddie Francis (Academy Award Winner), who weaves his magic to bring the brutality of the surroundings vividly to life. While James Horner provides a wonderful swirling emotive score (fans of his work on Braveheart should definitely check out this earlier composition). Though the film is essentially a multi ensemble piece, there are tremendous performances from the principal actors.  Matthew Broderick (Shaw), Denzel Washington (Academy Award Winner Best Supporting Actor) (Trip), Morgan Freeman (John Rawlins) and Andre Braugher (Searles).\r\n\r\nWe follow this regiment from their initial formation, here they are ill equipped and never taken seriously, it appears that this group of men are not even worthy of being canon fodder. But through sheer determination - and led by the empathetically driven Shaw, the 54th Regiment prove themselves to be a worthy fighting force. This ultimately leads to their place in American history with the culmination of events at South Carolina's Fort Wagner (a stunning emotive finale that booms out of the screen). \r\n\r\nHeroic and tragic is the tale of Glory, but the chief point of enlightenment through historical facts, and the message of heroics having no colour, makes Glory a truly inspiring movie that demands to be seen and totally respected. 10/10"}], "recommandations_id": [10684, 8963, 12498, 903]}