{"tmdb_id": 9671, "title": "Crocodile Dundee", "original_title": "Crocodile Dundee", "slug_title": "crocodile-dundee", "date": "1986-09-26", "genre": "Aventure / Com\u00e9die", "score": "6.3/10", "synopsis": "Crocodile Dundee alias Michael J. est un aventurier qui hante les vastes \u00e9tendues du Bush australien : repas de l\u00e9zards, larves et fourmis, rencontres inopin\u00e9es avec des serpents et crocodiles... \u00c9lev\u00e9 par une tribu d'aborig\u00e8nes, il \u00ab\u00a0zone\u00a0\u00bb dans ces terrifiantes contr\u00e9es comme un poisson dans l'eau. Sue Charlton, ambitieuse journaliste am\u00e9ricaine, d\u00e9couvre l'homme sauvage et veut \u00e0 tout prix faire un scoop. Elle finit par le rencontrer, l'emm\u00e8ne \u00e0 New York, succombe \u00e0 ses charmes et le suit pour le meilleur et pour le pire...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/ompYC7rsikrQ5lFncPOBWCtXhJo.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Hogan (Michael J. 'Crocodile' Dundee)", "Linda Kozlowski (Sue Charlton)", "Mark Blum (Richard Mason)", "David Gulpilil (Neville Bell)", "Michael Lombard (Sam Charlton)", "John Meillon (Walter Reilly)", "Ritchie Singer (Con)", "Reginald VelJohnson (Gus)", "Rik Colitti (Danny)", "John Snyder (Pimp)", "Steve Rackman (Donk)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "He went walkabout.  \r\n\r\nNew York reporter Sue Charlton hears of a guy in the outback of Australia who survived an attack by a crocodile. For research she meets up with \"Crocodile Mick Dundee\" and spends time with him out in dangerous Bush Country. Finding a rapport during their time together, Sue convinces Mick to go back with her to New York, which brings interesting results as Mick becomes a big hit by treating the Big Apple, and all that comes his way, the same as he would the Outback.\r\n\r\nCrocodile Dundee has a standard fish out of water comedy premise, yet with a number of truly funny sequences and an appealing turn from Paul Hogan as Dundee, it became a monster smash hit that the cinema watching public lapped up with glee. In a decade that is often considered or debated to be the worst for film, it may just be that cinema goers were desperate for a pick me up movie? Possibly, but undoubtedly Crocodile Dundee most assuredly is that type of escapist piece. However, to give that credence would, I feel, be doing it a disservice, for in spite of the rickety concept and the obviousness of where we will ultimately end up, it has bundles of earthy charm, a charm that many can identify with.\r\n\r\nAs Dundee goes about his way, meeting pimps, transsexuals and muggers et al, they are not only very funny scenes, they are also points of reference to the ever changing way of the Continents. Not that the film doesn't come dangerously close to falling into a sugary rom-com mire, but with a strong performance from Linda Kozlowski as Sue, and Hogan introducing an icon to 80s cinema, Crocodile Dundee safely hits the target that it was surely aiming for. Besides, the love story here is very easy to get on side with, to support it and hanker for this opposites attract coupling to work out.\r\n\r\nTwo sequels would follow, the first one was a retread reversal and just about passable, the second one, after a gap of 13 years, was bad and evidence that the joke had long since passed. Crocodile Dundee 86 holds up well as the escapist piece of cinema that it is. A nice film to revisit every other year, for it be simple, warm, and yes, I'll say it again, damn funny. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9396, 9290, 9336, 10303]}