{"tmdb_id": 96732, "title": "Aradhana", "original_title": "\u0906\u0930\u093e\u0927\u0928\u093e", "slug_title": "aradhana", "date": "1969-09-27", "genre": ["Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Vandana and Arun fall in love the instant they meet. On a trip to a Shiv temple, they get married in an impromptu ceremony in front of God. A chance rainshower strands them at a remote hotel where Vandana gets pregnant. With their legal marriage just around the corner, they don't worry about the consequences of their actions, but unfortunately, Arun dies in a plane crash. Vandana chooses to have the child, Suraj, and as she promised to Arun, wants to raise him to be an Air Force pilot. Fate is cruel to Vandana, however, and the child is adopted by a wealthy family. Vandana becomes a nursemaid to stay close to Suraj. A family member tries to molest her, and in the ensuing fight, Suraj comes to protect her and kills the perpetrator. Vandana chooses a jail sentence to save Suraj, but in the course of her sentence, loses the family--and with it: Suraj. Now what will Vandana do? To find out, watch Aradhana. Written by bollykm", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c7WMqbDjDW91LizIQ2hxgk7KHaU.jpg", "actors": ["Sharmila Tagore (Vandhana Tripathi)", "Rajesh Khanna (Arun / Suraj Prasad Saxena)", "Sujit Kumar (Madan Verma)", "Pahadi Sanyal (Gopal Tripathi)", "Anita Dutt (Mrs. Prasad Saxena)", "Madan Puri (Prison Warden)", "Asit Sen (Sitaram)", "Farida Jalal (Renu)", "Manmohan (Shyam)", "Subhash Ghai (Prakash)", "Abhi Bhattacharya (Ram Prasad Saxena)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}