{"tmdb_id": 9713, "title": "Mister G.", "original_title": "Holy Man", "slug_title": "mister-g", "date": "1998-10-08", "genre": ["Drame / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Quand le financier Mc Bainbridge rach\u00e8te GBSN, une chaine de t\u00e9l\u00e9-achat, Ricky Hayman, animateur stress\u00e9, prend peur. Menac\u00e9 de perdre son emploi et terrifi\u00e9 a l'id\u00e9e de se retrouver au ch\u00f4mage, il cherche d\u00e9sesp\u00e9r\u00e9ment un concept novateur susceptible d'augmenter ses ventes. C'est alors que Ricky rencontre par hasard un gourou itin\u00e9rant, Mister G, pr\u00e9dicateur charismatique. C'est l'id\u00e9e de g\u00e9nie. Pourquoi ne pas offrir a Mister G sa propre \u00e9mission et transformer le t\u00e9l\u00e9-achat en exp\u00e9rience spirituelle?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/11mINUUPFtqEBdsbayBenOaTWbP.jpg", "actors": ["Eddie Murphy (G)", "Jeff Goldblum (Ricky Hayman)", "Kelly Preston (Kate Newell)", "Robert Loggia (McBainbridge)", "Jon Cryer (Barry)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Lazy, but spiritual comedy/drama with Eddie Murphy, Jeff Goldblum and Kelly Preston\r\n\r\nA mysterious saintly man named G (Eddie Murphy) befriends the director of a failing shopping network (Jeff Goldblum) & his colleague (Kelly Preston) in Miami. He becomes a curious sensation on the network.\r\n\r\n\u201cHoly Man\u201d (1998) combines elements of \u201cMichael\u201d (1996) and \u201cCity of Angels\u201d (1998) to forge its own hybrid and is the obvious precursor to \u201cBruce Almighty\u201d (2003). It failed at the box office mainly because people thought it was going to be a typical Eddie Murphy vehicle, but it\u2019s not. Sure, there\u2019s some comedy, but it\u2019s decidedly low-key with maybe 2-3 laugh-out-loud parts. It\u2019s more of an amusing drama crossed with spiritual docudrama and the unique tone turned people off.\r\n\r\nWhile it\u2019s the least of those three other films, it possesses its own appeal once you catch a grip. The movie seems overlong though and needed tightened up with a rewrite. Still, it has its points of interest. Murphy, for instance, is thoroughly convincing in the title role and his character is certainly intriguing (I think it\u2019s obvious who he really is), not to mention the flick conveys several valuable insights.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 54 minutes and was shot in Miami, Florida.\r\n\r\nGRADE: C+/B-"}], "recommandations_id": [10411, 8860, 11353, 12158], "youtube_key": "7e3YGlFWtDs"}