{"tmdb_id": 9730, "title": "Vendredi 13, chapitre 4 : Chapitre final", "original_title": "Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter", "slug_title": "vendredi-13-chapitre-4-chapitre-final", "date": "1984-04-13", "genre": "Horreur / Thriller", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 Crystal Lake, Jason qu'on croit mort s'\u00e9chappe de la morgue. Une famille s'installe dans leur maison de vacances, les enfants Trish et Tommy font connaissance avec Rob, un campeur. Or, Rob raconte \u00e0 Trish qu'il est l\u00e0 pour venger sa s\u0153ur que Jason avait tu\u00e9e, car il sait que Jason est revenu \u00e0 Crystal Lake...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aXaR9SPq5zP5Q2yXU5MrUQlg7Ff.jpg", "actors": ["Judie Aronson (Samantha)", "Peter Barton (Doug)", "Erich Anderson (Rob Dier)", "Kimberly Beck (Trisha 'Trish' Jarvis)", "Tom Everett (Flashlight Man)", "Crispin Glover (Jimmy Mortimer)", "Corey Feldman (Tommy Jarvis)", "Joan Freeman (Mrs. Jarvis)", "Barbara Howard (Sara)", "Clyde Hayes (Paul)", "Lawrence Monoson (Ted)", "Camilla More (Tina)", "Carey More (Terri)", "Ted White (Jason)", "Lisa Freeman (Nurse Morgan)", "Thad Geer (Running Man)", "Wayne Grace (Officer Jamison)", "Bonnie Hellman (Hitchhiker)", "Frankie Hill (Lainie)", "William Irby (Helicopter Pilot)", "Paul Lukather (Doctor)", "Bruce Mahler (Axel)", "Arnie Moore (Medic)", "Robert Perault (Medic)", "Antony Ponzini (Vincent)", "Gene Ross (Cop)", "Abigail Shelton (Woman)", "John Walsh (TV Newscaster)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "You got the curse? \r\n\r\nWell we all thought Jason was dead, as he is here taken to the morgue after being mortally killed... But of course he revives and sets about establishing that he is in fact an indestructible killing machine. I wouldn't want to be living near Camp Crystal Lake right now...\r\n\r\nIn truth it's a good old 1980s slasher pic, but that doesn't necessarily make it worthy to anyone outside of the hardiest of hardest Friday13th franchise fans. The kills and gore quotient are high, bloody and gooey, with the kills not lacking for invention, but plot formula is tired and weary. Crispin Glover makes for something of a curio appearance in the piece, whilst a young Corey Feldman rocks up for a bit of Damien Thorn channelling.\r\n\r\nSome series fans love it whilst others abhor it. Question is? We know it wasn't to be the final chapter after all, so how does it hold up against the others that would follow it down the bloody intestine strewn path?"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Doesn't divert much from the formula of the first three films, but does add two new elements which I actually enjoyed. I am curious though, when they made this one, did they **actually** think that this was going to be the final chapter, or where they fully aware they were gonna keep beating that horse for decades to come?\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I liked it. Would personally recommend you give it a go._"}], "recommandations_id": [9728, 9731, 10281, 10225]}