{"tmdb_id": 97367, "title": "The Place Beyond the Pines", "original_title": "The Place Beyond the Pines", "slug_title": "the-place-beyond-the-pines", "date": "2013-03-20", "genre": ["Drame / Crime"], "score": "6.9/10", "synopsis": "Cascadeur \u00e0 moto, Luke est r\u00e9put\u00e9 pour son spectaculaire num\u00e9ro du \u00abglobe de la mort\u00bb. Quand son spectacle itin\u00e9rant revient \u00e0 Schenectady, dans l\u2019\u00c9tat de New York, il d\u00e9couvre que Romina, avec qui il avait eu une aventure, vient de donner naissance \u00e0 son fils\u2026 Pour subvenir aux besoins de ceux qui sont d\u00e9sormais sa famille, Luke quitte le spectacle et commet une s\u00e9rie de braquages. Chaque fois, ses talents de pilote hors pair lui permettent de s\u2019\u00e9chapper. Mais Luke va bient\u00f4t croiser la route d\u2019un policier ambitieux, Avery Cross, d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 s\u2019\u00e9lever rapidement dans sa hi\u00e9rarchie gangren\u00e9e par la corruption. Quinze ans plus tard, le fils de Luke et celui d\u2019Avery se retrouvent face \u00e0 face, hant\u00e9s par un pass\u00e9 myst\u00e9rieux dont ils sont loin de tout savoir\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/cdsRBoAditFXVhSr8SgnJ2WTBkX.jpg", "actors": ["Ryan Gosling (Luke Glanton)", "Bradley Cooper (Avery Cross)", "Eva Mendes (Romina Gutierrez)", "Dane DeHaan (Jason Kancam)", "Emory Cohen (AJ Cross)", "Rose Byrne (Jennifer Cross)", "Mahershala Ali (Kofi Kancam)", "Bruce Greenwood (Bill Killcullen)", "Harris Yulin (Al Cross)", "Ben Mendelsohn (Robin Van Der Hook)", "Ray Liotta (Peter Deluca)", "Robert Clohessy (Chief Weirzbowski)", "Gabe Fazio (Scott)", "Olga Merediz (Malena Gutierrez)", "Craig Van Hook (Jack)", "Anthony Angelo Pizza, Jr. (Baby Jason)", "John Facci (Priest)", "Tula (Robin's Dog)", "Penny (Robin's Dog)", "Cynthia Pelletier-Sullivan (Teller #1 - Bank #1)", "Mackenzie Trainor (Teller #2 - Bank #1)", "Nicole Califano (Teller #3 - Bank #1)", "Shannon Plumb (Lady In Ice Cream Shop)", "Tracey Augustin (Teller #1 - Bank #2)", "Ean Egas (Teller #2 - Bank #2)", "Bob Dieterich (Banker Outside Bank #2)", "Thomas Mattice (Booking Officer)", "Adam Nowichi (Arresting Officer)", "Mark J. Caruso (Court Lawyer)", "G. Douglas Griset (Judge #1)", "Vanessa Thorpe (Court Officer)", "Gail Martino (Teller - Bank #3)", "Brian Smyj (Officer Jefferson)", "Dorothy Rutherford (Mother At Home)", "Paul Steele (Officer at Shootout Scene)", "Travis Jackson Campbell (Baby AJ)", "Trevor Jackson Campbell (Baby AJ)", "Jan Libertucci (Nurse)", "Sabrina Dhammi (Reporter #1)", "Heather Chestnut (Jennifer's Mother)", "Greta Seacat (Cory Gilbeau)", "Luca Pierucci (Doc Crowley)", "Jessica Layton (Reporter #2)", "James J. Gleason (Funeral Director)", "Patrick Husted (Preacher)", "Joe McCarthy (Campaign Manager)", "Jefrey Pollock (Campaign Advisor)", "Lynette Howell Taylor (Political Media Advisor)", "Sarah Curcio (Guidance Counselor)", "Ephraim Benton (Benny)", "Mark McCracken (Drug Busting Cop #1)", "Adriel Linyear (Drug Busting Cop #2)", "Kevin Green (Interrogating Cop)", "Jennifer Sober (Public Defender)", "Melissa Mills (Judge #2)", "Alex Pulling (Alex)", "Dante Shafer (Dante)", "Kayla Smalls (Vanessa Kancam)", "Frank J. Falvo (Pharmacy Clerk)", "Leah Bliven (Leah)", "Whitney Hudson (Whitney)", "Breanna Dolen (Breanna)", "Hugh T. Farley (State Senator)", "Michael Cullen (Mr. Anthony)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "If you ride like lightning, you're going to crash like thunder.\r\n\r\nThe Place Beyond the Pines is directed by Derek Cianfrance and Cianfrance co-writes the screenplay with Ben Coccio and Darius Marder. It stars Ryan Gosling, Bradley Cooper, Eva Mendes, Emory Cohen, Dane Dehaan, Ray Liotta, Ben Mendelsohn and Rose Byrne. Music is by Mike Patton and cinematography by Sean Bobbitt.\r\n\r\nA motorcycle stunt rider finds he has a son he never knew about and turns to robbing banks as a way to provide for both the child and his one time lover. This puts him on collision course with an ambitious rookie cop that has serious life changing consequences for both of them...\r\n\r\nThe Place Beyond the Pines (superb title) is a three parter of a character study that examines the critical decisions we make in life whilst putting different characters along a road of reckoning. The atmosphere of palpable human foibles is quickly established by Cianfrance, the introduction of stunt rider Luke Ganton (Gosling mesmerising) the kick start for what will be a multiple character piece even though the narrative core is purely about Ganton and cop Avery (Cooper) and their impact on each other and those connected to each.\r\n\r\nSuch is a key element of events in the story, it's difficult to say too much because this picture demands that spoilers are not dished out willy nilly. Going in blind without knowledge of the story trajectory is a must to garner maximum rewards. What can be said is that for the final third the pic does lose momentum, there's a big shift of emphasis (though critically connected to all that has gone on previously). It's not a film killer, though, for this remains a damn fine film, one that is packed with utterly gripping sequences, but the ambitiousness shown by Cianfrance is almost the undoing of a fascinatingly engrossing experience.\r\n\r\nThe consequences of choices are profoundly explored here, the multigenerational axis riveting in execution by director and writers alike. It also looks terrific, evocative cinematography from Bobbitt (12 Years a Slave) is in turn boosted by Patton's tonally compliant musical score. Ultimately, to enjoy fully you will have to accept implausible contrivances and that the psychological digging never really achieves all that it should. A bit of better thought for the last third and some trimming of the run time would have helped greatly, but this is still quality film making and recommended to grown up film fans for sure. 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [77987, 82682, 10316, 109421], "youtube_key": "Tjes7u9Vewc"}