{"tmdb_id": 9741, "title": "Incassable", "original_title": "Unbreakable", "slug_title": "incassable", "date": "2000-11-13", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Fantastique / Science-Fiction / Myst\u00e8re"], "score": "7.1/10", "synopsis": "Unique survivant d'une catastrophe ferroviaire \u00e0 la p\u00e9riph\u00e9rie de Philadelphie, David Dunn, un agent de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 \u00e0 la vie des plus banales, s'interroge sur les raisons qui lui ont permis d'\u00e9chapper \u00e0 la mort et de sortir de ce cauchemar sans la moindre \u00e9gratignure. Quelque temps plus tard, Elijah Price, un \u00e9trange personnage f\u00e9ru de bandes dessin\u00e9es, prend contact avec David. Il souffre d'une fragilit\u00e9 du squelette qui l'oblige \u00e0 rester au lit, le moindre choc pouvant lui causer une fracture. Price soumet \u00e0 Dunn une th\u00e9orie pour le moins surprenante. Cet homme aux os de verre serait inextricablement li\u00e9 \u00e0 Dunn qui, lui, n'a jamais contract\u00e9 la moindre maladie de sa vie...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pvL37V88plePxFSszCbV3wRHiBm.jpg", "actors": ["Bruce Willis (David Dunn)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Elijah Price / Mr. Glass)", "Robin Wright (Audrey Dunn)", "Davis Duffield (David Dunn, Age 20)", "Johnny Hiram Jamison (Elijah, Age 13)", "Laura Regan (Audrey Dunn, Age 20)", "Spencer Treat Clark (Joseph Dunn)", "Charlayne Woodard (Mrs. Price)", "Eamonn Walker (Dr. Mathison)", "Leslie Stefanson (Kelly)", "Michaelia Carroll (Babysitter)", "Whitney Sugarman (Physical Therapist)", "Bostin Christopher (Comic Book Clerk)", "John Patrick Amedori (Hostage Boy)", "Elizabeth Lawrence (School Nurse)", "Chance Kelly (Orange Suit Man)", "Michael Kelly (Dr. Dubin)", "M. Night Shyamalan (Jai)", "Joey Hazinsky (Kevin Wendell Crumb)", "Dianne Cotten Murphy (Mrs. Crumb)", "Johanna Day (Saleswoman)", "Firdous Bamji (Businessman)", "James Handy (Priest)", "Sally Parrish (Ancient Personnel Secretary)", "Richard Council (Noel)", "Damian Young (Green Army Jacketed Man)", "Sherman Roberts (Physician)", "Sasha Neulinger (Thermoneter Boy)", "Jose L. Rodriguez (Truck Driver)", "Ukee Washington (Radio Announcer)", "Susan Wilder (Shoplifter)", "Greg Horos (Slick Haired Man)", "Todd Berry (Frat Party Boy)", "Angela Eckert (Frat Party Girl)", "Anthony Lawton (Hostage Father)", "Julia Yorks (Hostage Girl)", "John Rusk (Security Dispatcher)", "Bill Rowe (Bar Patron)", "Marc H. Glick (EastRail Engineer)", "Andrea Havens (Hospital Administrator)", "Kim Simms Thomas (Hostage Woman)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Soon found out had a heart of glass.\r\n\r\nIt often gets forgotten just what an exciting talent M. Night Shyamalan was during the early part of his film making career. True that Unbreakable, with its deliberate slow pacing and left-field narrative, would (and has) proved to be not everyone's cup-o-tea, but there's a film making craft here, and a genius idea brought to vivid life, that makes a spectrum of film lovers lament how his career nose dived, how his ideas quickly got as stupid as his acting...\r\n\r\nUnbreakable challenges the thought process, spinning a story that's of a adult comic book heart, but also of a clinical human examination. The narrative is consistently ambiguous, holding the patient viewers in enthral as the cosmic conundrums come tumbling off of the screen. It's refreshing to find a story like this that is so devoid of clich\u00e9, where the wonderfully reflective Bruce Willis and the brilliantly fascinating Samuel L. Jackson feed off each other, their character's destinies superbly steered by cast and director. Unbreakable is a complex movie, but not needlessly so, its strengths are numerous for those of a keen eye and ear. It represents Shyamalan's most clever cinematic offering, to which the sad realisation comes to pass that he would never, as yet, be this smart and vibrant again. 10/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not The Shamhammer's best, but certainly of the era when he was still making \"good\".\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u2605\u2605\u2605 - I personally recommend you give it a go."}, {"pseudo": "msbreviews", "content": "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)\r\n\r\nWhat a movie! This is one of the most underrated films out there, and it was unfairly compared to The Sixth Sense at the time the former was released. These are two very different movies, but both of them have a lot of twists, which was what brought fame to Shyamalan's films, especially The Sixth Sense.\r\n\r\nUnbreakable follows that same methodology. It has a lot of twists throughout the runtime, and they are quite diverse: some are very technical twists, related to our point of view of a particular scene that, as it progresses, we always find ourselves tricked (these ones, most people either don't catch them or just don't care ... For me, it's proof of brilliant writing); the others are the prominent plot twists, where something unpredictable happens to the overall story.\r\n\r\nThis movie has all of that and much more. The story itself is incredibly captivating since the main plot holds a lot of mystery and suspense, but these only work as well as they did thanks to Shyamalan, both director and screenwriter. His very unconventional way of storytelling and the anxiety that he's able to convey to some fantastic scenes, elevate the film while delivering a perfect narrative. It's even more mind-blowing the fact that this movie still makes so much sense and it didn't lose its replay value after 17 years!\r\n\r\nIn fact, I bet it would be a striking success nowadays, where the superhero genre is over-saturated. Each year, we get more and more movies following the excessively used genre's formula that makes almost every blockbuster an instant box office hit. Unbreakable is nowhere near that formula, and I genuinely think that any fan of comic-book films must watch this one so everyone can understand what a \"grounded superhero movie\" actually means. M. Night Shyamalan wrote a story that everyone can appreciate, without all of those big CGI fights and overwhelming visual effects. Comic-book fan or not, Unbreakable is the closest to what reality would be if superheroes really existed.\r\n\r\nRegarding the cast, Bruce Willis probably has his career-best dramatic performance in this film. He's terrific as David and I can feel all of the emotions which he wants to transmit to the screen. Samuel L. Jackson brilliantly plays Elijah, who has a real-life disease which SLJ portrayed beautifully and respectfully. The supporting cast is also worth praising since both Robin Wright (Audrey Dunn) and Spencer Treat Clark (Joseph Dunn) play magnificent roles as the wife and son of David, respectively.\r\n\r\nEveryone helped Shyamalan direct exquisite dialogue sequences that extended for minutes without end. The editing and production of this movie are unbelievable ... and it was filmed in 2000! There are so many long, one-take scenes that explain in just a few minutes, everything you need to know about a character or a specific place or event ... Even a full action sequence is filmed in just one-take (the stunt work is also pretty efficient)! The soundtrack is so important, especially in the last act where everything comes to a conclusion. It's inspirational and even epic, I dare calling it. It's just perfect! Throughout the runtime, you can barely notice it due to how subtle it is. However, when it is needed to deliver a new layer of feelings, it always raises the moment.\r\n\r\nAs discussed above, this is a M. Night Shyamalan film, so a very powerful twist right at the end needs to happen ... and it does. It gives the audience an unpredictable perspective about the whole story. I risk myself in saying that it isn't exactly necessary, but the truth is that it makes sense and it does bring the movie to a whole other level, so very, very well done! Finally, I just wish that this film had been released now. It is so much different than what we are used to watching and experiencing, that I dare to say it is one of the best movies inside this genre.\r\n\r\nOnce again, Shyamalan shows the audience why was he becoming one of the most popular directors/screenwriters and proves that his rather unconventional storytelling, unpredictable twists and excellent direction are skills to praise more often. Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson have great chemistry, but the former has his career-best dramatic performance. The editing, production, soundtrack and even the pacing of this film are entirely flawless, as well as the ending twist that leaves us with our jaws dropped. Unbreakable is one of the most underrated superhero movies ever, but it sits way on top as one of my favorites."}], "recommandations_id": [2675, 6947, 754, 1637], "youtube_key": "UM-Xo8aSbcI"}