{"tmdb_id": 9756, "title": "Half Light", "original_title": "Half Light", "slug_title": "half-light", "date": "2006-01-17", "genre": ["Myst\u00e8re / Thriller / Drame / Horreur"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Rachel Carlson, une romanci\u00e8re \u00e0 succ\u00e8s, est an\u00e9antie lorsque Thomas, son fils ador\u00e9 de sept ans, se noie dans sa maison de Primrose Hill.Un an plus tard, malgr\u00e9 une confortable avance sur son prochain roman, elle est trop accabl\u00e9e pour \u00e9crire. Son mariage avec Brian, un \u00e9diteur et romancier fauch\u00e9, s'est d\u00e9sint\u00e9gr\u00e9. Sa meilleure amie, Sharon, l'aide \u00e0 louer un cottage dans un village des Scottish Highlands.Rachel s'acclimate \u00e0 sa nouvelle vie et rencontre Angus McCulloch, le beau gardien du phare, qui vit et travaille dur sur une \u00eele d\u00e9serte au large de la c\u00f4te...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/9tzbX7nn7pbciA08eE5FVLpQgmO.jpg", "actors": ["Demi Moore (Rachel Carlson)", "Henry Ian Cusick (Brian)", "Beans El-Balawi (Thomas Carlson)", "Kate Isitt (Sharon Winton)", "Nicholas Gleaves (Dr. Robert Freedman)", "James Cosmo (Finlay Murray)", "Joanna Hole (Mary Murray)", "Therese Bradley (Morag McPherson)", "Hans Matheson (Angus McCulloch)", "Mickey Wilson (Reverend James McMahon)", "Polly Frame (Librarian)", "Ceit Kearney (Gaelic Speaking Woman)", "Nichola Bee (Kate McCulloch)", "Jamie Edgell (Gordon McCloud)", "Anne Smith (Bingo Announcer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Melancholy, drama, romance, ghosts and thrills on the secluded British coast***\r\n\r\nAfter the death of her son and impending divorce, a successful writer (Demi Moore) moves to a cottage on the remote Scottish coast where strange, sometimes ghostly things start happening as she develops a relationship with the handsome lighthouse attendant (Hans Matheson). Henry Ian Cusick plays her husband, a failed writer, while Kate Isitt plays her close friend from London. Other important characters include a woman with second sight and the constable of the village.\r\n\r\nAs you can probably tell, \u201cHalf Light\u201d (2006) is a drama/mystery with ghostly elements and even some thrills in the last act. I wouldn\u2019t call it horror. It\u2019s not far removed from films like \u201cDark Water\u201d (2005), \u201cThe Wicker Man\u201d (1973/2006), \u201cThe Fog\u201d (1980/2005), \u201cThe Haunting of Seacliff Inn\u201d (1994), \u201cThe Sixth Sense\u201d (1999) and \u201cLoch Ness\u201d (1996). If you liked those movies you\u2019ll probably like this one. It features a haunting ambiance combined with magnificent British coastal locations.\r\n\r\nEarly on there are a couple of predictable clich\u00e9s, like a creepy event that turns out to be a nightmare, which itself is a nightmare, but this only happens once. At the midpoint there\u2019s a twist that I didn\u2019t see coming and another Hollywoodized one in the last act. Despite the magnificent locations, the first half is lugubrious and mundane with slow drama that pretty much morphs into a romance novel, but everything perks up with the twist in the middle.  From there to the end it\u2019s quite compelling.\r\n\r\nSome viewers have complained about the unlikely conspiracy of the last act, as well as it containing too many uncertain variables. But it makes sense when you factor in the great success of a certain person and the \u201clittle foxes\u201d of envy, bitterness and greed, not to mention other things that I can\u2019t share without spoiling. As for the \u201cvariables,\u201d they can be easily explained away when you consider the fluidness of the root scheme. It might be Hollywoodish, but Forensic Files shows that these kinds of diabolic trickeries aren\u2019t as unlikely as we might think.\r\n\r\nThe movie runs 1 hour, 50 minutes and was in Wales and England (Cromwell & London), none of it in Scotland.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [14033, 6948, 25208, 12767], "youtube_key": "7lNA19x7dR4"}