{"tmdb_id": 97614, "title": "Cold Blood", "original_title": "Deadfall", "slug_title": "cold-blood", "date": "2012-11-08", "genre": ["Crime / Drame / Thriller"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "Addison et sa s\u0153ur Liza sont en fuite apr\u00e8s un casse qui a mal tourn\u00e9. Suite \u00e0 un accident de voiture, ils se s\u00e9parent pour rejoindre la fronti\u00e8re canadienne alors qu\u2019une temp\u00eate de neige se pr\u00e9pare. Addison s\u00e8me la terreur sur son passage, pendant que Liza rencontre Jay, un ex-boxeur en route pour f\u00eater Thanksgiving chez ses parents. Le chemin des deux fugitifs ne va pas tarder \u00e0 se croiser\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/kt3bqW8pgbIxJY7aOqcQfUpB8dA.jpg", "actors": ["Eric Bana (Addison)", "Olivia Wilde (Liza)", "Charlie Hunnam (Jay)", "Patrick Kerton (State trooper)", "Kris Kristofferson (Chet)", "Sissy Spacek (June)", "Treat Williams (Becker)", "Jason Cavalier (Travis)", "Allison Graham (Mandy)", "Kate Mara (Hanna)", "Alain Goulem (Bobby)", "Kwasi Songui (Corrections Officer)", "John Robinson (Ronnie)", "Job Daniel (Young Boxer)", "Jocelyne Zucco (Doris)", "Maxime Savaria (Deputy Brice)", "Kyle Gatehouse (Deputy Bill)", "Tom Jackson (Old Indian Hunter)", "Tomomi Morimoto (Suki)", "Nobuya Shimamoto (Hiro)", "Cheryl Diabo (Ottawa Indian Mother)", "Andr\u00e9 Kasper Kolstad (Ottawa Indian Child)", "Anie Pascale (Tricia)", "Andrew Johnston (Marvin)", "Sarah Booth (Amy)", "Teale Hansen (Lisa)", "Victor Cornfoot (Snowplow Driver)", "Warona Setshwaelo (Female Paramedic)", "Teale Bishopric (Lisa)", "Catherine Colvey (Vicky Wienrick)", "Dennis Lafond (Theo)", "Kevin Desfosses (State Trooper (uncredited))", "David Goff (Harold (uncredited))", "Benoit Priest (Stund (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Like an angel come down from the storm.\r\n\r\nDeadfall is directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky and written by Zach Dean. It stars Eric Bana, Olivia Wilde, Charlie Hunnam, Kate Mara, Treat Williams, Kris Kristofferson and Sissy Spacek. Music is by Marco Beltrami and cinematography by Shane Hurlbut.\r\n\r\nSiblings Addison (Bana) and Liza (Wilde) are fleeing a casino heist that\u2019s gone badly wrong. Deciding to split up, they arrange to meet up at a later point and go their separate ways. Liza hooks up with ex-convict Jay (Hunnam) while Addison has a date with an abusive father. All while the police, led by a father and daughter pairing who have their own family issues, close in on them along with a blizzard.\r\n\r\nRuzowitzky\u2019s snowy neo-noir may not have the most brainiest of plots, but it makes up for that elsewhere with genuine thrills, spills and wintry chills. Shane Hurlbut photographs it in steely cold metallic blues, piercing whites and bloody reds, then laying an ethereal sheen over the night time sequences. This is perfect tonal accompaniment to the characterisations fronting the story, Addison and Liza have definite incestuous leanings, with the former capable of brutal violence when required. Jay, out of prison, is a big disappointment to his father (Kristofferson), but more pressing concerns are a deadly confrontation he is forced into, and that he\u2019s falling for Liza, who appears to be damaged goods and whose motives are unclear.\r\n\r\nOn the supposed good side of the snowy fence is Hannah (Mara) and Becker (Williams), daughter and father cops, she strives to make her daddy proud, he resents her for not being a son, even chastising her with cold venom in front of other officers. It\u2019s a whirlpool of troubled characters battling it out in the snowy wilds of North America. Ruzowitzky inserts some quality action sequences as the protagonists/antagonists snake towards their date with destiny, which arrives in a classy film noir trope way at Jay\u2019s parents house. The air is pungent with fatalism and the link of all characters having kin problems gives the narrative some bite. Very well performed by the cast, this is comfortably recommended to neo-noir lovers. 7.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [102362, 95516, 98357, 48289], "youtube_key": "1IWaBAwTf2U"}