{"tmdb_id": 97820, "title": "Eight O'Clock Walk", "original_title": "Eight O'Clock Walk", "slug_title": "eight-o-clock-walk", "date": "1954-03-16", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.8/10", "synopsis": "", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/exFDxLcU2nz93LYetahhQolacgR.jpg", "actors": ["Richard Attenborough (Thomas Leslie Manning)", "Cathy O'Donnell (Jill Manning)", "Derek Farr (Peter Tanner)", "Ian Hunter (Geoffrey Tanner)", "Maurice Denham (Horace Clifford)", "Bruce Seton (Detective Chief Inspector)", "Lily Kann (Mrs. Adeline Zunz)", "Harry Welchman (Justice Harrington)", "Kynaston Reeves (Munro)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "But it's all circumstantial guv!\r\n\r\nEight O'Clock Walk is a solid piece of film making. Well directed (Lance Comfort), well acted (Richard Attenborough/Cathy O'Donnell/Derek Farr/Maurice Denham/Ian Hunter) and neatly photographed (Brendan J. Stafford). Unfortunately the writing, whilst not awful at all, asks some big leaps of faith of the audience. \r\n\r\nPlot finds Attenborough as a good guy sort who, through a series of circumstances, is accused of murdering a little girl. As the strain begins to tell on he and his loved ones, it's looking increasingly likely he could well be found guilty. \r\n\r\nPic trundles along to the big courtroom finale with Attenborough superbly getting more stressed with each frame. For fans of court room dramas then this delivers good viewing, the law can often be mad and it's always good to see legal eagles going at each other and to see how they deal with those called to the dock - including a child here. If you can accept the outcome, which if truth be told is never in doubt, then this adds up to being better than a time waster. 6.5/10"}], "recommandations_id": [171297, 214669, 321488, 256545]}