{"tmdb_id": 9791, "title": "Animal Factory", "original_title": "Animal Factory", "slug_title": "animal-factory", "date": "2000-08-01", "genre": "Crime / Drame", "score": "6.4/10", "synopsis": "Ron Decker est un jeune gar\u00e7on sensible et intelligent, issu d\u2019une famille bourgeoise de Beverly Hills. Tomb\u00e9 pour un traffic de drogue, il est condamn\u00e9 de deux \u00e0 dix ans de r\u00e9clusion au p\u00e9nitencier de San Quentin, un des p\u00e9nitenciers les plus durs des Etats-Unis. Ron va alors se retrouver confront\u00e9 \u00e0 un univers impitoyable avec ses luttes de pouvoir, ses clans o\u00f9 tout est bon pour survivre : violence, trocs, drogues et faveurs sexuelles. Sa seule chance : Earl Copen, un des v\u00e9t\u00e9rans de la prison. Avec son aide Ron essaiera de pr\u00e9server sa dignit\u00e9 et d\u2019affronter la dure loi de l\u2019univers carc\u00e9ral.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yd1zSQ9IeHERJ8Xlun5Zn8owiMG.jpg", "actors": ["Willem Dafoe (Earl Copen)", "Edward Furlong (Ron Decker)", "Danny Trejo (Vito)", "Mark Boone Junior (Paul Adams)", "Seymour Cassel (Lt. Seeman)", "Mickey Rourke (Jan the Actress)", "Tom Arnold (Buck Rowan)", "John Heard (James Decker)", "Chris Bauer (Bad Eye)", "Rockets Redglare (Big Rand)", "Jake La Botz (Jesse)", "Mark Engelhardt (T.J.)", "Edward Bunker (Buzzard)", "Victor Pagan (Psycho Mike)", "Ernest Harden Jr. (Richland)", "Afemo Omilami (Captain Midnight)", "Michael Buscemi (Mr. Herrell)", "J.C. Quinn (Ivan McGhee)", "Steven Randazzo (Jacob Horvath)", "Mark Webber (Tank)", "Steve Buscemi (A.R. Hosspack)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "I need a kid like I need a bad heart. A pretty kid is a ticket to trouble... and I'm too old to ask for that.\r\n\r\nThe prison genre of film has a very chequered history, and the number of films are many, very much so, both good and bad. It has gotten to the stage where in this day and age we yearn and need more from our prison based films, something more substantial away from rape and violence, away from father figures, or of redemption and friendship bonds. Unfortunately Animal Factory relies on all the clich\u00e9s of the genre to tell its tale, which is actually at odds with how good a film it is. Deftly performed by the principal cast members, mounted with a keen eye by director Steve Buscemi, and played with an authentic vibe that lures you in and keeps you hooked, but there is unfortunately nothing remotely new here. However, if you are not over familiar with the prison based arc of cinema? Then this delivers rewards, and such is the quality of production, it doesn't deserve to be marked down. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [102862, 3515, 63587, 249169]}