{"tmdb_id": 9802, "title": "Rock", "original_title": "The Rock", "slug_title": "rock", "date": "1996-06-06", "genre": "Action / Aventure / Thriller", "score": "7.0/10", "synopsis": "Exc\u00e9d\u00e9 par l'injustice de son gouvernement, le G\u00e9n\u00e9ral Hummel se rend ma\u00eetre de l'\u00eele d'Alcatraz et menace de lancer un gaz mortel sur San Francisco. Deux hommes sont charg\u00e9s de le contrer : un expert en armes chimiques, Stanley Goodspeed, et John Patrick Mason, l'unique prisonnier \u00e0 s'\u00eatre \u00e9vad\u00e9 d'Alcatraz... Ils se rendent ensemble sur l'\u00eele afin de stopper les projets destructeurs du G\u00e9n\u00e9ral.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/jkogm1gKE4kWVAsJgzxmmasTAhv.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (John Patrick Mason)", "Nicolas Cage (Dr. Stanley Goodspeed)", "Ed Harris (Brigadier General Francis X. Hummel, USMC)", "John Spencer (FBI Director James Womack)", "David Morse (Major Tom Baxter)", "William Forsythe (Special Agent Ernest Paxton)", "Tony Todd (Captain Darrow)", "Gregory Sporleder (Captain Frye)", "Vanessa Marcil (Carla Pestalozzi)", "Claire Forlani (Jade Angelou)", "Michael Biehn (Commander Charles Anderson)", "John C. McGinley (Marine Captain Hendrix)", "Bokeem Woodbine (Sergeant Crisp)", "Steve Harris (Private McCoy)", "Greg Collins (Private Gamble)", "Brendan Kelly (Private Cox)", "Danny Nucci (Lieutenant Shephard)", "Celeste Weaver (Stacy Richards)", "Todd Louiso (Marvin Isherwood)", "David Bowe (Dr. Ling)", "Raquel Krelle (Agent Margie Wood)", "Jim Maniaci (Private Scarpetti)", "Billy Devlin (Navy Seals)", "Xander Berkeley (Lonner (uncredited))", "Raymond Cruz (Sergeant Rojas)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Bryan Nguyen", "content": "Alcatraz. Only one man has ever broken out. Now five million lives depend on two men breaking in.\r\n\r\nMichael Bay's best picture.\r\n\r\nThe sophomore effort from director Michael Bay, this $75 million dollar action film was released nationwide on June 7, 1996 - eventually earning $335 million. The particularly great R-rated premise sees a mild-mannered chemist teaming up with a resourceful ex-con who must infiltrate Alcatraz prison after a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve-gas attack.\r\n\r\nConstantly in over his head, and never one to use profane language, Nicholas Cage is excellent as the quirky chemist - often resorting to quips and jokes in lieu of violence. In a character that feels like a sort of spiritual successor to his portrayal of James Bond, Sean Connery is the patient but skilled MI6 operative.\r\n\r\nAfter 30-years of false imprisonment, he's recruited from jail to help the feds sneak onto Alcatraz - as he's the only person to have successfully escaped from the prison facility decades earlier. When he's required to finally put his knowledge of the defunct prison to the test, the disbelief and amazement from his military companions is quite amusing.\r\n\r\nThe unlikely pairing of these two is honestly the best part of the film. Cage's zany behavior is a perfect foil for Connery's relaxed confidence. The British ex-con chastises his younger counterpart on 'doing his best'. \"Your'best'? Losers always whine about their best. Winners go home and -bang- the prom queen.\" After a quick beat and a sly grin, Nicholas responds, \"Carla was the prom queen.\" This isn't just a funny encapsulation of their relationship, but one of my all-time favorite exchanges in any action movie.\r\n\r\nEd Harris is phenomenal as the quote, \"bad guy\" - a disillusioned Marine General whose terrorist actions are only to secure reparations for his forgotten and fallen soldiers. It's honestly a perfectly understandable, and dare I say noble position; a man willing to commit treason and risk his life to help the families of his former troops.\r\n\r\nWhich is why the government's handling, and ultimate dismissal of his ransom request is so perplexing and frustrating. Before ordering a massive aerial kill strike on the entire island, the President gives an impassioned speech (seemingly to an empty Oval Office) about his 'impossible decision' - but this only highlights the aforementioned plot hole. Harris only asked for $100 million dollars... why not just give him the money?\r\n\r\nThe supporting cast is stacked with even more excellent talent; David Morse, William Forsythe, Michael Beihn, Xander Berkeley, and Phillip Baker Hall. Of particular note however is John Spencer - who does fantastic work as a conflicted FBI director who reluctantly recruits Connery, Tony Todd who has one of the best on-screen deaths ever, and John C. McGinley whose unrealistic performance as an over-eager Marine makes him seem miscast.\r\n\r\nA trio of composers, including Hans Zimmer, bring some interesting and appropriate ideas to the soundtrack, utilizing synthesized themes and electric guitars. It feels reminiscent of the excellent score from the \"Rainbow Six\" video game that came out two years later.\r\n\r\nWhile this feature never quite breaks the mold, it definitely represents the best possible version of your stereotypical mid-90s action film. For a rewatchable thrill-ride with plenty of excitement and memorable characters, look no further. \"The Rock\" is explosive fun that never takes itself too seriously. Perhaps Bay's best film, I thought it was AWESOME."}], "recommandations_id": [1701, 754, 36955, 9679]}