{"tmdb_id": 9825, "title": "Lake Placid", "original_title": "Lake Placid", "slug_title": "lake-placid", "date": "1999-07-15", "genre": "Horreur / Com\u00e9die / Action / Science-Fiction / Thriller", "score": "5.6/10", "synopsis": "La mort inexpliqu\u00e9e d'un agent de la protection des eaux et for\u00eats, d\u00e9chiquet\u00e9 avec f\u00e9rocit\u00e9, plonge Black Lake dans la perplexit\u00e9 et la peur. Une \u00e9quipe d'enqu\u00eateurs arrive sur place et d\u00e9couvre une dent datant de l'\u00e8re pr\u00e9historique. Le garde forestier Jack Wells, la pal\u00e9ontologue Kelly Scott, le sh\u00e9rif Hank Keough et le professeur Hector Cry vont devoir affronter un reptile de plus de dix m\u00e8tres de long, v\u00e9ritable machine \u00e0 broyer issue de l'esp\u00e8ce des crocodylus.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/3PdnCmLRY97S6nvat7x6vTT7pcI.jpg", "actors": ["Bill Pullman (Jack Wells)", "Bridget Fonda (Kelly Scott)", "Oliver Platt (Hector Cyr)", "Brendan Gleeson (Sheriff Hank Keough)", "Betty White (Mrs. Delores Bickerman)", "David Lewis (Walt Lawson)", "Tim Dixon (Stephen Daniels)", "Natassia Malthe (Janine)", "Mariska Hargitay (Myra Okubo)", "Meredith Salenger (Deputy Sharon Gare)", "Jed Rees (Deputy Burke)", "Richard Leacock (Deputy Stevens)", "Jake T. Roberts (Officer Coulson)", "Warren Takeuchi (Paramedic)", "Ty Olsson (State Trooper)", "Adam Arkin (Kevin)", "Steve Miner (Airplane Pilot)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Big Crocodile - Big Log - Big Fun.\r\n\r\nThere's a gigantic crocodile loose in the waters of Maine. A number of local hicks and big city eccentrics converge to try and stop the beast...\r\n\r\nWonderful! A modern day homage to the creature feature movies of lore. It's not a spoof, it's a fun packed tongue in cheek thriller, hell it may even have some literary worth as regards ecological concerns, while the cultural clashes that thrive are written with knowing skill.\r\n\r\nBill Pullman, Bridget Fonda and Brendan Gleeson are superbly underplaying things, but they all get usurped when at the 20 minute mark Oliver Platt flies in on his helicopter and promptly owns the film from that point on. \r\n\r\nThe script crackles with choice wit and sarcasm (the Gleeson/Platt on going feud an absolute joy), while Stan Winston provides beastly graphics that are blended with genuine suspense courtesy of director Steve Miner. Oh and Golden Girl Betty White turns in a support slot - the potty mouth!\r\n\r\nDouble it with something like Tremors, movies that know exactly what they want to homage. 8/10"}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "Not bad for a giant-gator Creature Feature, but Goddamn listening the dialogue in the first act is aggravating as sin.\r\n\r\n_Final rating:\u2605\u2605\u00bd - Had a lot that appealed to me, didn\u2019t quite work as a whole._"}], "recommandations_id": [10329, 8869, 11377, 9348]}