{"tmdb_id": 9827, "title": "Phantoms", "original_title": "Phantoms", "slug_title": "phantoms", "date": "1998-01-23", "genre": ["Horreur / Science-Fiction"], "score": "5.4/10", "synopsis": "Une force obscure s\u00e9vit dans la paisible ville de Snowfield. Un groupe de jeunes gens va se mettre sur son chemin.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1V9Yw4hz0PHyY1T4ry8ARuivYxw.jpg", "actors": ["Ben Affleck (Sheriff Bryce Hammond)", "Peter O'Toole (Dr. Timothy Flyte)", "Rose McGowan (Lisa Pailey)", "Joanna Going (Jennifer Pailery, M.D.)", "Liev Schreiber (Deputy Stuart 'Stu' Wargle)", "Nicky Katt (Deputy Steve Shanning)", "Clifton Powell (Gen. Leland Copperfield)", "Rick Otto (Scientist Lockland)", "Valerie Chow (Scientist Yamaguchi)", "Adam Nelson (Scientist Burke)", "John Hammil (Scientist Talbot)", "John Scott Clough (Scientist Shane)", "Michael DeLorenzo (Soldier Velazquez)", "William Hahn (Scientist Borman)", "Robert Himber (Scientist Walker)", "Bo Hopkins (Agent Hawthorne)", "Robert Knepper (Agent Wilson)", "Paul Schmidt (Church Soldier)", "Dean Hallo (Sgt. Harker)", "Clive Rosengren (Commanding Officer)", "Edmund Wyson (Cpl. Guthrie)", "Lucas Elliot Eberl (Tunnel Boy)", "Linnea Quigley (Woman in Room 204)", "Judith Drake (Hilda)", "Yvette Nipar (Cowgirl)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "The first thing we'd like to know is what we're dealing with, biological, chemical, or other.\r\n\r\nDirected by Joe Chappelle and written by Dean Koontz, who adapts from his own novel, Phantoms (not the greatest title all things considered) is a considerably well put together amalgamation of horror/sci-fi/creature feature tropes. If at times it feels clich\u00e9d and formulaic, then that is ultimately a curse of the cinematic genres it lives and breaths in.\r\n\r\nPlot basically has two sisters played by Rose McGowan and Joanna Going arriving in the town of Snowfield, Cololrado, to find most of the inhabitants dead, diseased or dismembered. A trio of coppers turn up played by Liev Schreiber (shifty malevolence), Ben Affleck (square jawed bastion of heroism) and Nicky Katt (fodder of course), and thus a fight for survival ensues as Peter O'Toole's sharp doctor character comes flying in to become the fulcrum of the story. So yep! There's something very evil and nasty at work here and the makers expand upon the reasons why with a drip-feed mixture of mad science and intelligent thematic ideas.\r\n\r\nThe effects work is more than adequate and the strong cast list perform well up to scratch (nice to see O'Toole doesn't phone it in to denigrate the story). Things are taken very seriously throughout, the makers in no way biting the hand that feeds them, while the requisite insertions of jump - shocks - twists and mayhem are handled with care and attention by the director. You may come away as I did with a hunger to dig out your copy of John Carpenter's sublime The Thing? Which in truth is never a bad \"thing,\" but this is still sturdy stuff, a pic caked in genre cement, and crucially it doesn't waste the time invested by the genre compliant viewers. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "The Thing\u2019s long lost cousin (sort of) in an isolated town in the mountains of Colorado\r\n\r\nTwo sisters (Rose McGowan & Joanna Going) visit a town in the Rockies, which is mysteriously absent of people except for a few corpses. They eventually encounter a Sheriff (Ben Affleck) and his deputies as the mystery deepens (Liev Schreiber plays one of the deputies). Peter O'Toole is on hand as an eccentric British writer who assists the group while Clifton Powell plays the commanding officer of an Army unit sent to the town.\r\n\r\nThe movie came out in 1998 and was written by heralded horror author Dean Koontz (both the screenplay and the novel). The story is basically \u201cThe Thing\u201d (1982) set in a Rockies town with various nuances, like the addition of two females. Speaking of whom, Rose and Joanna have stunning faces, but their beauty is never really capitalized on in the film. Joanna, for instance, wears ridiculously baggy tan slacks the entire runtime.\r\n\r\nThe first half is nice & mysterious with several genuinely creepy sequences whereas the second half focuses on the incredible source of the horror and the complexities thereof. People complain about the latter portions, and I can see where they\u2019re coming from, but I like the way the protagonists put their heads together to try to figure out and defeat the diabolical phenomenon.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 36 minutes and was shot in Georgetown, Colorado.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B-"}], "recommandations_id": [11015, 4961, 9423, 9457], "youtube_key": "HynK3ZkjtcE"}