{"tmdb_id": 9833, "title": "Le Fant\u00f4me de l'Op\u00e9ra", "original_title": "The Phantom of the Opera", "slug_title": "le-fantome-de-l-opera", "date": "2004-12-08", "genre": ["Thriller / Drame / Romance"], "score": "7.2/10", "synopsis": "Au XIXe si\u00e8cle, dans les fastes du Palais Garnier, l'Op\u00e9ra de Paris, Christine, soprano vedette, est au sommet de sa gloire. Son succ\u00e8s est d\u00fb \u00e0 sa voix d'or et aux myst\u00e9rieux conseils qu'elle re\u00e7oit d'un \"Ange\", un fant\u00f4me qui vit dans les souterrains du b\u00e2timent.L'homme, un g\u00e9nie musical d\u00e9figur\u00e9 qui vit reclus et hante l'op\u00e9ra, aime la jeune fille d'un amour absolu et exclusif. Lorsque Raoul entre dans la vie de Christine, le Fant\u00f4me ne le supporte pas...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/aTsp2VTaCBiGs8w05OTXfD97FRZ.jpg", "actors": ["Gerard Butler (The Phantom)", "Emmy Rossum (Christine Daa\u00e9)", "Patrick Wilson (Raoul, Vicomte de Chagny)", "Miranda Richardson (Madame Giry)", "Minnie Driver (Carlotta)", "Ciar\u00e1n Hinds (Firmin)", "Simon Callow (Andre)", "Victor McGuire (Piangi)", "Jennifer Ellison (Meg Giry)", "Kevin McNally (Buquet)", "James Fleet (Lefevre)", "Judith Paris (Carlotta's Seamstress)", "Paul Brooke (Auctioneer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "AusFem", "content": "**SENSATIONAL**\r\n\r\nGreat cast, fantastic music, beautiful storyline. Can't help but watch it over and over. The music just stays with you and haunts you for days after.\r\n\r\nThe Phantom just draws you in... this movie has everything going for it. It's a drama, comedy and romantic, and a great looking cast. The stage production was fabulous, it's so much better watching it on the big screen. \r\n\r\nThe phantom being the villain, you just feel for him and his love for Christine. Not to mention that fact that he's so hot. That's something I wasn't expecting. I couldn't keep my eyes off him. \r\n\r\nThe movie is stunning, the music absolutely superb. The cast WOW especially Gerard...what a hunk. \r\n\r\nI must say I bought the DVD, which had extras of the original phantom with the original stage cast. The movie I think is so much better. Gerard is superb, his emotional state was so believable. As were the rest of the cast. I still cry at the final scene.\r\n\r\nDefinitely a movie to watch and don't forget the tissue.\r\n\r\nA wonderful love story. Andrew Lloyd Webber is a genius and I've fallen in love with Gerard.\r\n\r\n(This was my only IMDB review and I pinched it back)"}], "recommandations_id": [9454, 1574, 15121, 1833], "youtube_key": "44w6elsJr_I"}