{"tmdb_id": 983, "title": "L'Homme qui voulut \u00eatre roi", "original_title": "The Man Who Would Be King", "slug_title": "l-homme-qui-voulut-etre-roi", "date": "1975-12-03", "genre": "Aventure / Drame", "score": "7.6/10", "synopsis": "\u00c0 la fin du XIX\u00e8me si\u00e8cle, Rudyard Kipling, un jeune journaliste install\u00e9 en Inde, fait la connaissance de Daniel Dravot et de Peachy Carnehan, deux anciens sergents de l'arm\u00e9e britannique \u00e0 la recherche de la fortune et de la gloire. Apr\u00e8s un long et p\u00e9rilleux voyage via l'Afghanistan, ces derniers p\u00e9n\u00e8trent dans une contr\u00e9e sauvage, le Kafristan, o\u00f9 des villageois sont en guerre contre une ville rivale. Tous deux s'engagent dans la bataille. Au cours des combats, Dravot re\u00e7oit une fl\u00e8che en pleine poitrine, mais continue \u00e0 lutter. En r\u00e9alit\u00e9, la fl\u00e8che s'est plant\u00e9e dans la cartouchi\u00e8re. Mais aux yeux du peuple, il passe pour un \u00eatre surnaturel, le dieu Sikander, fils d'Alexandre le Grand. Apr\u00e8s ce miracle suppos\u00e9, Dravot est proclam\u00e9 roi du Kafristan et b\u00e9n\u00e9ficie de la puissance absolue. Mais le pouvoir peut corrompre m\u00eame le meilleur des hommes.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/uFYQj1QCN1awBEeYZmf7H5ztK7y.jpg", "actors": ["Sean Connery (Daniel Dravot)", "Michael Caine (Peachy Carnehan)", "Christopher Plummer (Rudyard Kipling)", "Saeed Jaffrey (Billy Fish)", "Doghmi Larbi (Ootah)", "Jack May (District Commissioner)", "Karroom Ben Bouih (Kafu Selim)", "Mohammad Shamsi (Babu)", "Albert Moses (Ghulam)", "Paul Antrim (Mulvaney)", "Graham Acres (Officer)", "Shakira Caine (Roxanne)", "Philip Ettington (Abazzi (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "From the upper echelon of boys own adventures comes - The Man Who Would Be King!\r\n\r\nTwo ex servicemen are lolling around colonial India, it's just the start of a journey that will see them in Kafiristan. Here the mountain dwellers believe the rouge white fellows to be Gods, and thus things are about to get very interesting indeed.\r\n\r\nWritten by master writer Rudyard Kipling, directed by behemoth John Huston, and starring British legends Sean Connery & Michael Caine, there really isn't any way this film could have failed, sure enough the picture exudes a classy structure that is coupled with deftly smart writing. The Man Who Would Be King was a project that John Huston had coveted for many a year (decade), as far back as the 40s he was looking to adapt the Kipling short with Humphrey Bogart & Clark Gable in the leads, some time after it was mooted that he fancied Peter O'Toole & Richard Burton to play Messrs Dravot & Carnehan. Fast forward to 1975 and the eventual pairing of Caine & Connery now looks like a masterstroke of casting, and it really is impossible to imagine anyone else in the roles of the amoral scavenger duo of the piece, in short, the wait for the film was indeed worth it.\r\n\r\nThat the film is known as an adventure genre staple is a given, but it should be noted that in amongst its delightful fusion of fantasy and swashbuckling values, lies wonderful characterisation, cheeky sly glances at the power crazy, imperialism, greed, and pulsing a political beat. It's a smashing, highly entertaining picture that stands up really well ever more today in this new millennium age. I mean it's got Caine & Connery playing rapscallions for GODS' sake ! 8/10"}], "recommandations_id": [26748, 14433, 4909, 11016]}