{"tmdb_id": 9841, "title": "Rest Stop", "original_title": "Rest Stop", "slug_title": "rest-stop", "date": "2006-10-07", "genre": ["Horreur / Thriller"], "score": "4.9/10", "synopsis": "Une jeune fille pr\u00e9nomm\u00e9e Nicole, s'arr\u00eate sur une aire de repos. Sauf qu'elle ne sait pas que sa pause aux toilettes sera horrible, car elle va devenir la victime d'un tueur en s\u00e9rie conduisant un pick-up jaune. Nicole se rend rapidement compte que l'aire de repos est hant\u00e9e par les pr\u00e9c\u00e9dentes victimes du tueur, \u00e0 moins qu'il ne s'agisse d'illusions provoqu\u00e9es par sa panique... L'origine de la folie du tueur est inconnue, mis \u00e0 part le fait qu'elle puisse \u00eatre li\u00e9e \u00e0 une famille d\u00e9rang\u00e9e vivant dans un camping-car Winnebago.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/nyykogNyeuyvvTl2TY74yUOP8sD.jpg", "actors": ["Jaimie Alexander (Nicole Carrow)", "Joey Mendicino (Jess Hilts)", "Deanna Russo (Tracy Kress)", "Diane Salinger (The Mother)", "Curtis Taylor (The Ranger)", "Joey Lawrence (Officer Michael Deacon)", "Gary Entin (Twin #1)", "Edmund Entin (Twin #2)", "Jennifer Cormack (College Student)", "Mikey Post (Scotty)", "Michael Childers (The Father)", "Nick Orefice (The Killer)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "So I am going to give _Rest Stop_ a rating of half a star, because it's fucking terrible, but I must admit, I did have at least a little fun talking shit about the movie with some mates.\r\n\r\nRidiculous.\r\n\r\nFinal rating:\u00bd - So bad it\u2019s offensive."}, {"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**No rest while a killer on the loose!**\r\n\r\nI watch B movies, but not that regularly. This was a direct-to-video film. I know nobody from it. At first it did not feel like I'm watching a film, but like someone who wanted to be a filmmaker is messing around with his camera. But it was not a matter, I got used to it, especially once the thrill part had started. It's an out and out thriller that is set in a remote place where a young woman was trapped by a mysterious killer. So her survival game begins, but the killer is always a step ahead. How long it can go like this and what happens at the end are the rest of the film to tell us.\r\n\r\nThose thriller parts were good for such a low cost film. But the screenplay was very very bad. It had a story, but there's no reason for it. Totally failed on that to give one. That's what people always expect at the end the film to explain. It was more like a silly random act, though most of the 'killing' films are similar. They have added a sex scene at the very beginning, knowing there won't be a place for it in the latter section. You can say it was unnecessary, but to bring more audience to the film to watch. I have seen even worse. So, for the attempt and for a couple of scenes it deserves some respect.\r\n\r\n_3/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [19066, 16764, 21166, 28739], "youtube_key": "notfound"}