{"tmdb_id": 9844, "title": "Sexe et autres complications", "original_title": "The Opposite of Sex", "slug_title": "sexe-et-autres-complications", "date": "1998-05-22", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Drame"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "Apr\u00e8s une vie de famille par trop perturb\u00e9e, Dedee Truit, seize ans, quitte sa famille pour s'installer chez son demi-fr\u00e8re Bill \u00e0 South Bend dans l'Indiana. Paisible professeur d'anglais, Bill est homosexuel. La mort de son amant l'a laiss\u00e9 riche. Lorsque Dedee d\u00e9barque, Bill essaie de retrouver go\u00fbt \u00e0 la vie en compagnie de son nouvel ami Matt. Mais Dedee, tr\u00e8s attir\u00e9e par Matt, a une liaison avec lui. Les rapports du trio se compliquent quand Dedee r\u00e9v\u00e8le qu'elle est enceinte de Matt.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/c6RVvQXvpMxQTJD6nsUhliWxqcO.jpg", "actors": ["Christina Ricci (Dedee Truitt)", "Martin Donovan (Bill Truitt)", "Lisa Kudrow (Lucia DeLury)", "Lyle Lovett (Carl Tippett)", "Johnny Galecki (Jason Bock)", "William Lee Scott (Randy \"One Ball\" Cates)", "Ivan Sergei (Matt Mateo)", "Megan Blake (Bobette)", "Leslie Grossman (Girl Student)", "Heather Fairfield (Jennifer Oakes)", "Colin Ferguson (Tom DeLury)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "TheMovieGuru1993", "content": "Possibly one of the funniest satirical stabs at sexuality, AIDS and LGBT relationships. Don Roos known for television direction and script writing tries his hand at a theatrical film. The movie stars Christina Ricci, Martin Donovan, Lisa Kudrow and Ivan Sergei. Sixteen year old Dede Truitt (Ricci) is the opposite of sweet sixteen, politically incorrect and acid-tongued. When her stepfather passes away she runs away from home, and pays her half brother Bill (who is a gay teacher) a visit. Unaware that he has an alternative lifestyle, she meets his significant other, Matt (Sergei).\r\n\r\nDede takes a liking to Matt and seduces him into having sex with her, much to the dismay of Bill (Donovan) and Lucia Dalury (Kudrow), who is the sister of Bill's former boyfriend Tom who passed away. Dede then tells them she is pregnant and Matt is the father, the two elope and run away with Bill's safety deposit money and Tom's ashes. The chase begins, to add more tension Bill has to deal with Matt's other boyfriend. The grunge looking flamboyant Jason Bock (Johnny Galecki), who slanders Bill by falsely accusing him of molestation.\r\n\r\nBill at risk of losing his job, must track down Dede and Matt in order to clear his name. Meanwhile, Lucia who is a repressed old maid is disgusted by the thought of sex. With the help of a Carl Tippet (Lyle Lovett) they track down Dede and Matt only to discover that she has hooked up with Randy, a somewhat religious old friend of hers whose beliefs clash with Matt. The two then make a run for it, leaving Bill, Matt and Lucia concerned about Dede's well-being. Meanwhile, Bill is hounded by the media and tabloids thanks to Jason's false accusation much to the frustration of Lucia.\r\n\r\nWith the help of law enforcement they are able to track down Dede and Randy at a motel. Dede angry that Randy is wasting her money coldly breaks up with him, causing him to be physically abusive. They get into an altercation which ends with Dede and Randy fighting on the bed and her firearm going off. Matt then arrives to the motel and after Dede tells him she accidentally killed Randy they flee. With no other choice other than to stay at the motel Lucia and Bill check-in. Bill and Lucia then have a falling out after learning that Tom's AIDS was the result of gay sex.\r\n\r\nJust then Carl arrives at Lucia's room, and both find themselves in the heat of the moment. Lucia finally is able to get over her disgust of sexuality, but is unable to leave Bill alone. Bill learns he is suspended without pay, and is later surprised by Jason who has a message for him. Bill frustrated with the events and Jason's false accusation painfully forces him to reveal the location of Dede and Matt. Upon learning that Matt and Dede are in Canada, Bill and Lucia are able to track them down.\r\n\r\nDede frustrated that Jason told Bill where they were located then goes into labor. It is then that Bill, Lucia, Dede, Matt and Jason must all put their differences aside and help Dede in her time of need. Dede gives birth to a healthy baby boy, but then shows signs of postpartum hemorrhaging. The others are relived to learn that Dede and the baby are okay. Dede and Matt are then brought back to answer questions about their actions. Dede ends up doing time in jail for Randy's death, but a lack of evidence and Randy's corrupt religious beliefs play in her favor.\r\n\r\nLucia then discovers she is pregnant and gives birth to a healthy baby boy. Matt and Bill go their separate ways and Bill ends up dating Dede's parole officer. Deciding her baby will be happy with her brother she gives him full custody. Dede then realizes that she never wanted to get involved with sex, because of its consequences (disease, pregnancy and worst of all relationships). The movie ends with Dede stating that she was a changed person after that summer.\r\n\r\nWhile not a financial success, despite being produced on a reasonable budget  and being produced by a studio that was running into financial issues the movie does manage to get a few good laughs out of its audience. Christina Ricci proves her versatility in the transition from kid-friendly films to more adult fare. Her portrayal of the acid-tongued Dede Truitt is wickedly delightful. Lisa Kudrow's Lucia is our opposite to the happy somewhat cheerful Phoebe Buffay, as the acid-tongued spinster who is sexually repressed she sells this role. Martin Donovan, Ivan Sergei and Johnny Galecki are all charming as well. \r\n\r\n\r\nIf you like satirical films and can laugh at human sexuality, then I highly recommend this film. Sony Pictures Classics was generous enough to take over this film after Rysher Entertainment gave it up due to financial woes. The company may not have been able to top major studios but it certainly went out with a bang thanks to this film. Alright, I think you've seen enough now go watch the film."}], "recommandations_id": [77469, 16148, 8866, 9452], "youtube_key": "R4ZzqLPvagc"}