{"tmdb_id": 98524, "title": "This Side Of Resurrection", "original_title": "Deste Lado da Ressurrei\u00e7\u00e3o", "slug_title": "this-side-of-resurrection", "date": "2011-11-01", "genre": [""], "score": "5.0/10", "synopsis": "The film tells the story of a sister and a brother, In\u00eas and Rafael. Since the divorce of their parents, their family never saw Rafael again. In\u00eas runs away from home looking for him when she is told he is back at the Guincho Beach and surfing again. Rafael is an ex-surf champion who everyday gets himself inside the most dangerous waves to test the limits of his life. When the two brothers meet, Guincho makes them come together in a promise of paradise on earth, as it was the last place where their family lived together and in happiness. But In\u00eas is surprised one day when she finds her brother looking fixedly to the Serra de Sintra mountain range, where the Convent of the Capuchos, which once was his refuge, is. She fears having brought him back the memories of the separation of their parents. Rafael is in a crisis of faith. When one day he disappears, In\u00eas knows he went back to the convent, and she starts doing what she can to bring him back to her.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/voWHdFaG1qa8HmubR4Q31t8fUJc.jpg", "actors": ["Joana Barata (In\u00eas)", "Pedro Sousa (Rafael)", "Jo\u00e3o Cardoso (Jo\u00e3o)", "Sofia Grilo (Mother)", "Pedro Carmo (Brother Sim\u00e3o)", "Mariana Pacheco (Mariana)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}