{"tmdb_id": 98522, "title": "The Future Is Now!", "original_title": "The Future Is Now!", "slug_title": "the-future-is-now", "date": "2011-06-24", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "A journalist (Liane Balaban) meets \u201cMan of Today\u201d (Paul Ahmarani) who, while a responsible citizen, is disengaged from greater society. He believes once he\u2019s dead nothing more matters. As an experiment to see if she can turn his pessimistic view around, the journalist sends him on a journey of enlightenment to prove that the future does matter.  Travelling the globe, he finds himself in surprising encounters with great minds in the arts and sciences. Starting with an unexpected poetry reading and conversation with experimental poet Christian B\u00f6k, Man of Today engages with architect Shigeru Ban, activist Francis Dupuis-D\u00e9ri, philosopher Alain de Botton, artist Marlene Dumas, novelist Rivka Galchen, leading scientists and a ghost. Will the journalist succeed in turning a cynic into an optimist? Will it matter? What can one person do?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/yumPcdS5aWDF6moaYNLFSHId66I.jpg", "actors": ["Paul Ahmarani (Man Of Today)", "Liane Balaban (Woman Of Tomorrow)", "Alain de Botton (The Philosopher)", "Shigeru Ban (The Architect)", "Christian B\u00f6k (The Poet)", "Marlene Dumas (The Artist)", "Frances Dupuis-D\u00e9ri (The Anarchist)", "Rivka Galchen (The Author)", "Richard Dawkins (The Scientist)", "J. Craig Venter (The Scientist)", "Jean-Paul Sartre (The Existentialist)", "Dan Beirne (Young Man)", "Elysa Chan (Receptionist)", "Vanessa Matsui (Grad Student Activist)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}