{"tmdb_id": 98566, "title": "Ninja Turtles", "original_title": "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", "slug_title": "ninja-turtles", "date": "2014-08-07", "genre": ["Science-Fiction / Action / Aventure / Fantastique / Com\u00e9die"], "score": "5.8/10", "synopsis": "La ville a besoin de h\u00e9ros. New York City a sombr\u00e9 dans les t\u00e9n\u00e8bres depuis que Shredder et son cruel clan des Foot ont la mainmise sur la ville, des forces de police aux politiciens. Alors que l\u2019avenir semble sans espoir, quatre fr\u00e8res en marge de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 sortent des entrailles de la ville pour accomplir leur destin de Tortues Ninja. Les Tortues devront s\u2019associer \u00e0 la courageuse reporter April O\u2019Neil et son casse-cou de cameraman Vern Fenwick pour sauver la ville et emp\u00eacher Shredder de mettre son plan diabolique \u00e0 ex\u00e9cution.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/oDL2ryJ0sV2bmjgshVgJb3qzvwp.jpg", "actors": ["Megan Fox (April O'Neil)", "Will Arnett (Vernon Fenwick)", "William Fichtner (Eric Sacks)", "Alan Ritchson (Raphael)", "Noel Fisher (Michelangelo)", "Pete Ploszek (Leonardo)", "Johnny Knoxville (Leonardo (voice))", "Jeremy Howard (Donatello)", "Danny Woodburn (Master Splinter)", "Tony Shalhoub (Splinter (voice))", "Tohoru Masamune (Shredder)", "Whoopi Goldberg (Bernadette Thompson)", "Minae Noji (Karai)", "Abby Elliott (Taylor)", "Madison Mason (Councilman)", "Derek Mears (Dojo Ninja)", "Malina Weissman (Young April O'Neil)", "Taran Killam (McNaughton)", "K. Todd Freeman (Dr. Baxter Stockman)", "Paul Fitzgerald (Dr. O'Neil)", "Venida Evans (Subway Hostage)", "Mikal Vega (Sacks Bodyguard)", "Harley Pasternak (Himself)", "Braeson Herold (Reporter)", "Chance Kelly (Mr. Rivetti)", "Rick Chambers (News Anchor)", "Leyna Nguyen (News Anchor)", "Chris Wylde (Reporter)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "I have to say that this was a rather \u201cmeh\u201d experience. It certainly was not an improvement over the original. Why try to rewrite a story that was actually not bad when you cannot be bothered to spend some effort on it? The new story is sloppy and it is rather clear that whoever wrote it got only two directives: Make sure that Megan Fox gets a lot of focus and if you do not know what to write then cram in some special effects. There are a lot of special effects in this movie!\r\n\r\nIt is obvious that Megan Fox\u2019s ego have had a lot of influence on the movie. To the extent that you might wonder if this movie is about the turtles or about Megan Fox. She might be the wet dream of some less discerning teenagers but her acting skills leaves somewhat to be desired. Okay, okay she was actually not too bad in this movie but then it was not to difficult to shine in this movie either.\r\n\r\nThere are a few moments when it looks like it is going to turn interesting. For instance when the shredder is first introduced and punishes some of his underlings but rather quickly he is reduced to just another \u201cspecial effect\u201d when they slap this robotic shredder suit onto him. Come on, he is supposed to be a skilled martial arts combatant, not some freak in a robotic suit.\r\n\r\nSplinter was just sad. Some lab rat that picked up martial arts from a book he found in the sewers! What the f\u2026? That ruined a lot of the movie.\r\n\r\nThe turtles themselves, being already pushed back somewhat into the background by Megan Fox desire to be in front of the cameras most of the time, are bland to say the least. They are immature, even for a movie like this, and the jokes are simply unintelligent and mostly not very funny.\r\n\r\nI was about to write that, if you like special effects and do not care for much of the rest, then you will probably like this movie but when I think back even the special effects where often only mildly interesting. They were perhaps not really bad but not very impressive either. The truck ride down a snowy slope was just silly and some of the scenes where actually rather underwhelming for instance.\r\n\r\nOn the whole, to me, this was a mildly entertaining movie that could have been much better if someone with basic intelligence had been asked to write the script in the first place. There are actually five (!) people credited with writing this movie and maybe that is the problem. Too many cooks!"}], "recommandations_id": [308531, 91314, 184315, 124905], "youtube_key": "dwXFsrp6WBs"}