{"tmdb_id": 9869, "title": "Jeux de guerre", "original_title": "Patriot Games", "slug_title": "jeux-de-guerre", "date": "1992-06-04", "genre": "Drame / Action / Thriller / Crime", "score": "6.6/10", "synopsis": "Jack Ryan, un ancien agent de la CIA, donne d\u00e9sormais des conf\u00e9rences. \u00c0 Londres, il est t\u00e9moin d'une tentative d'assassinat de Lord Holmes, le cousin de la Reine d'Angleterre, par des terroristes irlandais. Jack Ryan tue Paddy Boy, le fr\u00e8re de Sean Miller, permet l'arrestation de ce dernier et sauve Holmes. Kevin O'Donnell, le chef du commando, r\u00e9ussit l'\u00e9vasion de Sean. R\u00e9fugi\u00e9s dans un camp d'entra\u00eenement en Lybie, Kevin et sa complice Annette organisent activement un nouvel attentat, tandis que Sean est d\u00e9cid\u00e9 \u00e0 venger la mort de son fr\u00e8re.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/pCzsLODIdJvIPnaGG1X2bWcFUls.jpg", "actors": ["Harrison Ford (Jack Ryan)", "Anne Archer (Dr. Caroline \"Cathy\" Ryan)", "Thora Birch (Sally Ryan)", "Sean Bean (Sean Miller)", "Patrick Bergin (Kevin O'Donnell)", "Polly Walker (Annette)", "James Fox (Lord William Holmes)", "Samuel L. Jackson (Lt. Cmdr. Robby Jackson)", "James Earl Jones (Adm. James Greer)", "Richard Harris (Paddy O'Neil)", "J.E. Freeman (Marty Cantor)", "Alex Norton (Dennis Cooley)", "Hugh Fraser (Watkins)", "David Threlfall (Inspector Highland)", "Alun Armstrong (Owens)", "Berlinda Tolbert (Sissy)", "Gerald Sim (Lord Justice)", "Pip Torrens (First Aide)", "Thomas Russell (Ashley)", "Andrew Connolly (Charlie Dugan)", "Keith Campbell (Ned Clark)", "Jonathan Ryan (Jimmy Reardon)", "P.H. Moriarty (Court Guard)", "Bob Gunton (Interviewer)", "Ted Raimi (CIA Technician)", "Brenda James (Secretary)", "Karl Hayden (Paddy Boy)", "Claire Oberman (Lady Holmes)", "Oliver Stone (Young Holmes)", "Tom Watt (The Electrician)", "Tim Dutton (Constable)", "Martin Cochrane (Constable)", "Ellen Geer (Rose)", "John Lafayette (Winter)", "Shaun Duke (Ferro)", "Fritz Sperberg (Spiva)", "Allison Barron (CIA Analyst)", "Philip Levien (Dr Shapiro)", "Jesse D. Goins (FBI Agent Shaw)", "Michael Ryan Way (Avary)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Good guys are real good, and the bad guys are real bad.  \r\n\r\nPatriot Games is a more than serviceable thriller, perhaps a bit out of date when viewing it now, but still a very effective good against evil piece. \r\n\r\nThe source material is so dense and intricate it was always going to be hard to condense that into a 2 hour movie, but I feel the makers manage to keep it fleshy whilst making the respective characters interesting and watchable.\r\n\r\nThe acting on show is more than adequate, Harrison Ford is great in the role of Jack Ryan, he manages to portray him as a sensitive family man who can step up to the plate when things get ugly, and Anne Archer is solid enough as the wife and mother caught up in the web of nastiness unfolding.\r\n\r\nThe baddies are led by the brooding Sean Bean who is a little under written, whilst Richard Harris is sadly underused. However, the action set pieces make their mark and thankfully we get a riveting final reel that cements the entertainment deal for time spent with the pic. \r\n\r\nIt is formulaic to a degree, but that is OK if the combined efforts of all involved are spot on, and thankfully here they are. 7/10"}], "recommandations_id": [9331, 9386, 9208, 9772]}