{"tmdb_id": 9878, "title": "L'Enfant bulle", "original_title": "The Boy in the Plastic Bubble", "slug_title": "l-enfant-bulle", "date": "1976-11-12", "genre": "T\u00e9l\u00e9film / Drame", "score": "5.7/10", "synopsis": "N\u00e9 sans aucun syst\u00e8me immunitaire, Tod Lubitch doit constamment et depuis son plus jeune \u00e2ge \u00eatre sous la protection d'un environnement st\u00e9rile. Sa chambre est herm\u00e9tique \u00e0 tout contact avec les virus et autres bact\u00e9ries.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/wcwtXVGxocBsgE7kNhg2ysILr3G.jpg", "actors": ["John Travolta (Tod Lubitch)", "Glynnis O'Connor (Gina Biggs)", "Robert Reed (Johnny Lubitch)", "Diana Hyland (Mickey Lubitch)", "Buzz Aldrin (Himself)", "Karen Morrow (Martha Biggs)", "Howard Platt (Neighbor)", "Ralph Bellamy (Dr. Gunther)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "Travolta coming of age\u2026 in a germ-free zone; plus charming Glynnis O\u2019Connor\r\n\r\nRELEASED TO TV IN 1976 and directed by Randal Kleiser, \"The Boy in the Plastic Bubble\" is a youth drama inspired by the true-life stories of David Vetter and Ted DeVita, both of whom lacked effective immune systems. John Travolta plays Tod Lubitch, a teen born with immune deficiencies in Southern Cal while Glynnis O'Connor is the girl next door with whom he slowly develops a relationship and inspires him to crave freedom from his germ-free \u2018prison.\u2019 Robert Reed & Diana Hyland are on hand as his parents.\r\n\r\nThe opening act is relatively dull, but it\u2019s necessary because it establishes Tod\u2019s situation. Thankfully, the story perks up with the star power of Travolta and O\u2019Connor. The former was 21 during shooting and is quite good as the protagonist while O\u2019Connor is winsome as ever. She was almost 20 during filming and has a bikini sequence for those interested.\r\n\r\nAt its heart, this is a coming-of-age movie but with a unique twist (the bubble boy). There are several well-done high school sequences, like the football field scene where the kids sneak away to smoke pot. Unrealistic? Not at all.\r\n\r\nThe best part is the ending where we share in Tod\u2019s joy and sense of wonder at the most simplest things that normal people take for granted. I can relate because when I was his age I fell off a cliff and ended up in traction and a body cast for four months. While in the cast, I was laid-up at home on a lake, just like in the movie. When the cast was removed I walked with crutches to the woods & lake with sheer delight.\r\n\r\nThe real-life bubble boys David Vetter and Ted DeVita were still alive when the movie was released. The former died in 1984 at the age of 12 & a half while the latter died in 1980 at the age of 18.\r\n\r\nTHE FILM RUNS 1 hour, 36 minutes and was shot in Malibu Lake and Century City, California. WRITERS: Douglas Day Stewart and Joe Morgenstern.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B"}], "recommandations_id": [42755, 123615, 66044, 126853]}