{"tmdb_id": 9889, "title": "L'Amour extra large", "original_title": "Shallow Hal", "slug_title": "l-amour-extra-large", "date": "2001-11-01", "genre": ["Com\u00e9die / Romance"], "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "A l'\u00e2ge de neuf ans, Hal Larsen se voit conseiller par son p\u00e8re mourant de toujours fr\u00e9quenter de jolies jeunes filles au corps mince et parfait. A l'aube de son trenti\u00e8me anniversaire, Hal n'a toujours pas trouv\u00e9 le grand amour, et pour cause, il est rest\u00e9 superficiel. Seul compte pour lui la beaut\u00e9 physique, le reste chez une femme n'a aucune importance \u00e0 ses yeux.Dans un ascenseur, il fait la connaissance de Tony Robbins, un gourou qui l'hypnotise et lui permet de discerner la beaut\u00e9 int\u00e9rieure d'autrui...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/xhdJKfDp7TihFcO5CF6BFY1xImE.jpg", "actors": ["Gwyneth Paltrow (Rosemary Shanahan)", "Jack Black (Hal Larson)", "Jason Alexander (Mauricio Wilson)", "Joe Viterelli (Steve Shanahan)", "Rene Kirby (Walt)", "Bruce McGill (Reverend Larson)", "Tony Robbins (Himself)", "Susan Ward (Jill)", "Zen Gesner (Ralph)", "Brooke Burns (Katrina)", "Rob Moran (Second Tiffany)", "Kyle Gass (Artie)", "Laura Kightlinger (Jen)", "Nan Martin (Nurse Tanya Peeler)", "Sasha Neulinger (Young Hal)", "Erinn Bartlett (Bella)", "Fawn Irish (Spastic Bella)", "Daniel Greene (Doctor)", "Danny Murphy (Cabbie)", "Steve Tyler (McIntosh Waiter)", "Darius Rucker (Capital Grille Maitre D')", "Bonnie Aarons (Spastic Friend #1)", "Sayed Badreya (Doctor Sayed)", "Molly Shannon (Mrs. Mary Larson (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "John Chard", "content": "Shallow Hal wants a gal.\r\n\r\nHal Larsen (Jack Black) only ever dates beautiful trophy women on account of advice he received on his death bed from his father. However, a chance meeting with a self-help guru helps him to see inner beauty first and foremost. Soon after, he falls in love with his boss' severely overweight daughter, which as it raises eyebrows everywhere the couple go, Hal is oblivious as to what everyone else is on about.\r\n\r\nTender, sweet and subtle are not words one readily attributes to the Farrelly Brothers, but in Shallow Hal they have managed to blend all three with their penchant for close to the knuckle humour.\r\n\r\nGwyneth Paltrow in the dual role dons the fat-suit and once again showcases her unheralded comic timing, while Jack Black proves ebullient and engaging in a role that calls for him to shut out what he is actually meant to be seeing. In support Jason Alexander gets the weasel best friend comedy sidekick role, and is wonderfully abhorrent and good at keeping the cards close to his chest.\r\n\r\nIt's never uproariously funny, but it doesn't need to be, it tickles where it needs to, and it prods the emotional psyche with requisite impact. In a world that has become obsessed with the girth and weight of a person, especially with women - and as it happens is led by Hollywood, Shallow Hal is refreshing entertainment. 7/10"}, {"pseudo": "Wuchak", "content": "***Fun romcom with a worthy message***\r\n\r\nA shallow man (Jack Black) from Charlotte, North Carolina, falls in love with a 300 lb. woman (Gwyneth Paltrow) after Tony Robbins enables him to see inner merit. Jason Alexander is on hand as his best friend.\r\n\r\n\u201cShallow Hal\u201d (2001) is a romcom that\u2019s both amusing and meaningful. The movie stresses the importance of inward beauty, which Hal was incapable of seeing because of his focus on solely physical attractiveness. When the latter is removed through Tony Robbins' mesmerism he's finally able to see the former. Whiney libs that are unable to grasp fantasy and humor might be offended by the fat jokes, but the overall moral is commendable.\r\n\r\nThe flick scores pretty well in the feminine department with Paltrow in her prime and never looking better, speaking as someone who was never overly wowed by her. She\u2019s jaw-dropping here and the movie doesn\u2019t fail to spotlight her beauty. Other beautiful women are featured, like Susan Ward as Hal\u2019s neighbor, Jill.\r\n\r\nThe film runs 1 hour, 54 minutes and was shot in Charlotte, North Carolina.\r\n\r\nGRADE: B+"}], "recommandations_id": [2022, 9327, 2123, 9032], "youtube_key": "YGaqlO9bClk"}