{"tmdb_id": 9912, "title": "Burt Munro", "original_title": "The World's Fastest Indian", "slug_title": "burt-munro", "date": "2005-10-12", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "7.5/10", "synopsis": "Nouvelle Z\u00e9lande, fin des ann\u00e9es 60. A 65 ans pass\u00e9s, Burt Munro, passionn\u00e9 de moto, n'a qu'une id\u00e9e en t\u00eate : participer \u00e0 la prestigieuse course de Bonneville dans l'Utah. Il r\u00e9ussit \u00e0 financer son voyage, et prend la route pour les Etats-Unis avec sa vieille moto \"Indian\" bricol\u00e9e par ses soins...", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/h3xDXEEjppiyuRtMv6Cy5bcMTrG.jpg", "actors": ["Anthony Hopkins (Burt Munro)", "Iain Rea (George)", "Tessa Mitchell (Sarah)", "Aaron Murphy (Tom)", "Tim Shadbolt (Frank)", "Annie Whittle (Fran)", "Greg Johnson (Duncan)", "Kate Sullivan (Doris)", "Antony Starr (Jeff)", "Craig Hall (Antarctic Angel)", "Jim Bowman (Cook)", "Phoebe Falconer (Janice)", "Charles Pierard (Bank Manager)", "Barry Ryan (Burt's Neighbour)", "Alison Bruce (Doctor)", "Mick Rose (Brian)", "Bill Richardson (Burt's Neighbour)", "Wesley Dowdell (Troy)", "Todd Emerson (Purser)", "Tony Wilson (Captain)", "James Gaylyn (Customs Official)", "Jessica Cauffiel (Wendy)", "Paul Rodr\u00edguez (Fernando)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "> Chasing a dream halfway across the world.\r\n\r\nOne of the inspiring biopic I have ever seen. It is about chasing a dream and it is never too late to do that so. Based on the story of a New Zealand motorcyclist Burt Munro. After spending 25 years to build a faster motorbike in the down under, now a very old Munro travel halfway across the earth to Bonneville speedway in the US to set a record. So what's the remaining of the tale reveals is that does his dream becomes reality or not.\r\n\r\nAwesome performance by Anthony Hopkins, but in some parts I was distracted by his fake Kiwi accent. Overall, not bad with his effort, he achieved the goal conveniently. It is one of the best road movie that directed by the 'Species' filmmaker. The 120 minutes was too short, but well covered story with inclusion of messages like anti smoking and alcohol consumption.\r\n\r\nIt is a decade old film, never too late to watch a fine film like this, but inside I feel regret for the delay. I had no idea about the storyline. I thought it might be about Indians and then thought American Indians, but realised only while watching it that it is about a motorbike called Indian. It is surely a good family movie, especially if there is a motorbike maniac in the house. Highly recommended by me.\r\n\r\n9/10"}], "recommandations_id": [2056, 8270, 26748, 1088], "youtube_key": "02Yy1vihIKs"}