{"tmdb_id": 9922, "title": "Postman", "original_title": "The Postman", "slug_title": "postman", "date": "1997-12-25", "genre": ["Drame / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "6.1/10", "synopsis": "En 2013, dans l'Ouest am\u00e9ricain, une guerre d'une ampleur sans pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent a fait voler en \u00e9clats les structures de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 et bouleverse l'\u00e9cosyst\u00e8me. Les survivants vivent dans des hameaux de fortune sous le joug d'un g\u00e9n\u00e9ral auto-proclam\u00e9 du nom de Bethlehem, qui fait r\u00e9gner la terreur. Un vagabond anonyme croise un jour le chemin du despote.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/1JgpWKasHpkVwtzOLVHkjoR6xt0.jpg", "actors": ["Kevin Costner (The Postman)", "Will Patton (General Bethlehem)", "Olivia Williams (Abby)", "Larenz Tate (Ford Lincoln Mercury)", "Tom Petty (Bridge City Mayor)", "Giovanni Ribisi (Bandit 20)", "James Russo (Idaho)", "Daniel von Bargen (Pineview Sheriff Briscoe)", "Scott Bairstow (Luke)", "Roberta Maxwell (Irene March)", "Joe Santos (Colonel Getty)", "Ron McLarty (Old George)", "Peggy Lipton (Ellen March)", "Brian Anthony Wilson (Woody)", "Todd Allen (Gibbs)", "Rex Linn (Mercer)", "Shawn Hatosy (Billy)", "Ryan Hurst (Eddie March)", "Charles Esten (Michael, Abby's Husband)", "Annie Costner (Ponytail)", "Ty O'Neal (Drew)", "Mary Stuart Masterson (Hope, the Postman's daughter)", "Betty Moyer (Elvis Woman)", "Dylan Haggerty (Slow Recruit)", "Lily Costner (Lily March)", "Kirk Fox (Gangly Recruit)", "Korey Scott Pollard (Thin Recruit)", "Ellen Geer (Pineview Woman)", "Randle Mell (Villiage Mayor)", "Jeffery Thomas Johnson (Rope Bridge Soldier)", "Jeff McGrail (Rope Bridge Soldier)", "Gregory Avellone (Pineview Man)", "Elisa Daniel (Pineview Woman)", "Susan Brightbill (Pineview Woman)", "Tom Novak (Benning Gatekeeper)", "George Wyner (Benning Mayor)"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Patrick E. Abe", "content": "Who will be responsible now, for these wayward children?\r\n\r\nThat's a phrase that's in the book, but not the movie. I liked David Brin's tale of the communities growing up from a near-apocalypse and the conman, \"Gordon Krantz.\"\r\n\r\nWhen I first saw the (overlong) movie, I was disappointed and felt Responsibility had been tossed aside. However, this tale of a traveling Shakepeare-mangler grew on me. David Brin himself defended the film, saying that the resolution of the battle between the Holnist/Survivalists and the postal carriers was good. \r\n\r\nOur drifter, accompanied by a mule, visits communities and puts on a \"fractured fairy tales\" version of Shakespeare for a meal and a night's lodging. Things go South suddenly, when a Survivalist army surrounds the town and drafts men/boys for the \"Army of the Eight.\" \r\n\r\nThe leader of this gang, prefers that he is the only literate person in the land, and tries to kill \"Shakespeare,\" after turning the traveler's mule into stew. A narrow escape later, the drifter finds a U.S. Postal Service jeep, containing a uniformed skeleton and a bag of mail.\r\n\r\nThus begins his next con job, \"delivering the mail,\" which turns into a Crusade, led by \"Ford Lincoln Mercury,\" his next mail carrier. Romance pops up, when he is asked to father a child for a man who \"caught the bad Measles.\" The Holnists turn up again, and the pair flee the village. \r\n\r\nAfter a long Winter, the drifter and the pregnant woman return to free the village from the Holnists, who have been killing mail carriers. A final showdown with the \"impotent ex-copier salesman\" leads to \"The Restored United States of America\" and a legendary statue of The Postman. 7/10, but the book is 10/10!"}], "recommandations_id": [12160, 9425, 10153, 9886], "youtube_key": "BC8FxxvXYTY"}