{"tmdb_id": 99367, "title": "Date and Switch", "original_title": "Date and Switch", "slug_title": "date-and-switch", "date": "2014-02-14", "genre": "Com\u00e9die", "score": "5.9/10", "synopsis": "Un lyc\u00e9en d\u00e9couvre que son meilleur ami est gay. Cette nouvelle le rapproche de lui... et de son ex.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/orV7VUGoI6yEwhFDyifFGhkLFd4.jpg", "actors": ["Nicholas Braun (Michael)", "Hunter Cope (Matty)", "Dakota Johnson (Em)", "Zach Cregger (Greg)", "Nick Offerman (Terry)", "Gary Cole (Dwayne)", "Megan Mullally (Patricia)", "Sarah Hyland (Ava)", "Brian Geraghty (Lars)", "Rob Huebel (Pete)", "Wendi McLendon-Covey (Linda)", "Aziz Ansari (Marcus)", "Dustin Ybarra (Josh)", "Adam DiMarco (Jared)", "Larry Wilmore (Mr. Vernon)", "Ray Santiago (Salvadore)", "Luis Javier (Edgar)", "Cainan Wiebe (Frederick)", "Hailey Wiebe (Ruth)", "Samuel Patrick Chu (Anthony)", "William C. Vaughan (Chris)", "Harris Allan (Dan)", "Harrison MacDonald (Mark)", "Bryce Hodgson (Blake)", "Dreama Walker (Nicole)", "Quinn Lord (Michael (8 Years))", "Darien Provost (Matty (8 Years))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Reno", "content": "**Friend with a gay dude!**\r\n\r\nThe title name was good. The story looked interesting as well, but only a basic platform. Despite 90 minute film, there were empty in the middle of the narration. Or you can call it a drag. It started off quite good, revealing about two childhood friends growing together towards the end of the high school. Then suddenly everything changes between them when one of them declares to another that he's a gay. Following that, all the pros and cons of how their future relationship would be were told.\r\n\r\nFamily too has some part, but it was focused from a friend's perspect how unexpectedly the things would change in such situation. There was some fun, though not that great. Actors were nice, and so the direction, even though the script was taken out from the blacklist. I think averagely worked out. With usual teenage film cliches, still enjoyable one. Maybe by the youngsters. For the rest, it is good to watch as a timepass flick, otherwise not worth it.\r\n\r\n_5/10_"}], "recommandations_id": [261820, 138222, 26032, 17021]}