{"tmdb_id": 99503, "title": "Mondomanila, or: How I Fixed My Hair After a Rather Long Journey", "original_title": "Mondomanila, o: Kung Paano Ko Inayos ang Buhok Ko Matapos ang Mahaba-haba Ring Paglalakbay", "slug_title": "mondomanila-or-how-i-fixed-my-hair-after-a-rather-long-journey", "date": "2010-11-30", "genre": ["Drame"], "score": "6.7/10", "synopsis": "Tony de Guzman is an anti-hero. Life, according to him, is short, brutal. It\u2019s never on your side. Grab what you can, when you can. Settle scores. Be randy. Defy the rules. Cheat the system. Toughen it out. Tony knows nothing but tough times living, as he does, in the bleak circus of the slums he calls home. This is his story and the story of the world he lives in: a hopeless, closed-in decrepit world gone to seed. MONDOMANILA is an unflinching and unflinchingly funny look at life in the underbelly of the urban diaspora \u2026 with songs.", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/rhT1FE8F2CRSIucG6jEtDvPTbQS.jpg", "actors": ["Timothy Castillo (Tony D.)", "Marife Necesito (Inang Mariya)", "Jim Rocky Tangco (Dino Jr.)", "Stefan Punongbayan (Naty)", "Alex Tiglao (Sgt. Pepper)", "Tony Hunt (Whiteboy)", "Palito (Pablong Shoeshine)", "Rodney Aquino (Iskong Bugaw)", "Whitney Tyson (Lovely Paybsiks)", "Dante Perez (Hardcore)", "Paulo Vicente (Dugyot)", "Raymart Tangco (Patotok)", "Manuel 'Bonbon' Valerozo (Ungay)", "Rey Miyano (Ogo X)", "Jaime Cuales (Wow Mondomanila Tourism Secretary)", "Jonathan Reyes (Mutya)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [274523, 108827, 148812, 215960], "youtube_key": "ZyXMI_qwe8Y"}