{"tmdb_id": 99640, "title": "I'm The Father", "original_title": "V\u00e4ter", "slug_title": "i-m-the-father", "date": "2002-09-26", "genre": [""], "score": "0.0/10", "synopsis": "Marco and Melanie, a young married couple, are living a life of passion, chaos, and all the little frustrations of everyday existence. Their love for each other seems like a beacon on heavy seas. But career pressure, burned toast, and dirty laundry are eroding all tenderness, and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son, Benny, either. Their world is about to fall apart when Melanie moves out, taking Benny with her. She files for divorce, and Marco makes a decision that is not only going to change his own life. He suddenly discovers his own unique way of being a father \u2026 I\u2019m the Father is a modern portrait of a generation which appears to fail its own ambitions: After all, how do you combine a job, children, love and all the other challenges of everyday life \u2013 without giving yourself up in the process? And then what happens when positions become entrenched and a divorce seems inevitable?", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/2ybHtJGA8naOHkQYm1fPduYZF67.jpg", "actors": ["Ezra-Valentin Lenz (Benny Krieger)", "Sebastian Blomberg (Marco Krieger)", "Maria Schrader (Melanie Krieger)", "Ulrich Noethen (Nico Ellermann)", "Marion Kracht (Marcos Assistentin Christa)", "Hanns Zischler (Dr. Beilenberg)", "Christiane Paul (Ilona)", "Rosel Zech (Ruth, Melanies Mutter)", "Paul Frielinghaus (Nico Ellermanns Sohn)", "Rolf Zacher (Peter Krieger)", "Lena Stolze (Melanies Anw\u00e4ltin)", "Anna Thalbach (Erzieherin)", "Annekathrin B\u00fcrger (Kindergartenleiterin)", "Franziska Troegner (Ferienhausvermieterin)", "Christoph Bantzer (Jakob Ellermann)", "Victor Dei\u00df (Dr. Schmidt)", "Eva Medusa G\u00fchne (Mitbewohnerin Melanie)", "Mignon Rem\u00e9 (Erna)"], "comments": [], "recommandations_id": [], "youtube_key": "notfound"}