{"tmdb_id": 99861, "title": "Avengers : L'\u00c8re d'Ultron", "original_title": "Avengers: Age of Ultron", "slug_title": "avengers-l-ere-d-ultron", "date": "2015-04-22", "genre": ["Action / Aventure / Science-Fiction"], "score": "7.3/10", "synopsis": "Alors que Tony Stark tente de relancer un programme de maintien de la paix jusque-l\u00e0 suspendu, les choses tournent mal et les super-h\u00e9ros Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow et Hawkeye vont devoir \u00e0 nouveau unir leurs forces pour combattre le plus puissant de leurs adversaires : le terrible Ultron, un \u00eatre technologique terrifiant qui s\u2019est jur\u00e9 d\u2019\u00e9radiquer l\u2019esp\u00e8ce humaine. Afin d\u2019emp\u00eacher celui-ci d\u2019accomplir ses sombres desseins, des alliances inattendues se scellent, les entra\u00eenant dans une incroyable aventure et une haletante course contre le temps\u2026", "image": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185_and_h278_bestv2/t90Y3G8UGQp0f0DrP60wRu9gfrH.jpg", "actors": ["Robert Downey Jr. (Tony Stark / Iron Man)", "Chris Hemsworth (Thor Odinson)", "Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner / The Hulk)", "Chris Evans (Steve Rogers / Captain America)", "Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow)", "Jeremy Renner (Clint Barton / Hawkeye)", "James Spader (Ultron (voice))", "Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury)", "Don Cheadle (James \"Rhodey\" Rhodes / War Machine)", "Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Pietro Maximoff / Quicksilver)", "Elizabeth Olsen (Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch)", "Paul Bettany (J.A.R.V.I.S. (voice) / Vision)", "Cobie Smulders (Maria Hill)", "Anthony Mackie (Sam Wilson / Falcon)", "Hayley Atwell (Peggy Carter)", "Idris Elba (Heimdall)", "Linda Cardellini (Laura Barton)", "Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd (Erik Selvig)", "Claudia Kim (Dr. Helen Cho)", "Thomas Kretschmann (Baron Wolfgang von Strucker)", "Andy Serkis (Ulysses Klaue / Klaw)", "Julie Delpy (Madame B)", "Stan Lee (Himself)", "Henry Goodman (Dr. List)", "Chris Luca (Fortress Soldier)", "Brian Schaeffer (Strucker Mercenary)", "Dominique Provost-Chalkley (Zrinka)", "Isaac Andrews (Costel)", "Gareth Kieran Jones (Sokovian Acid Student)", "Chan Woo Lim (Dr. Cho's Assistant)", "Minhee Yeo (Dr. Cho's Assistant)", "Bentley Kalu (Klaue's Mercenary)", "Julian Bleach (Ballet Instructor)", "Christopher Beasley (Johannesburg Cop)", "Vuyo Dabula (Johannesburg Cop)", "Nondumiso Tembe (Johannesburg Driver)", "Kabelo Thai (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Lele Leowaba (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Mandla Gaduka (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Harriet Manamela (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Beulah Hashe (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Musca Kumalo (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Mathapelo September (Johannesburg Onlooker)", "Antony Acheampong (Johannesburg Elevator Passenger)", "Chioma Anyanwu (Johannesburg Elevator Passenger)", "Ben Sakamoto (Cooper Barton)", "Imogen Poynton (Lila Barton)", "Isabella Poynton (Lila Barton)", "Ingvild Deila (World Hub Tech)", "Sunny Yeo (Korean Train Passenger)", "Namju Go (Korean Train Passenger)", "Mina Kweon (Korean Train Passenger)", "Earl T. Kim (Korean Train Passenger)", "Arthur Lee (Korean Train Passenger)", "Verity Hewlett (Sokovian Family)", "Michael Matovski (Sokovian Family)", "Alma Noce (Sokovian Family)", "Riccardo Richetta (Sokovian Family)", "Constanza Ruff (Sokovian Woman)", "Monty Mclaren-Clark (Tub Family Child)", "Julia Krynke (Sokovian Driver)", "Tony Christensen (Sokovian SUV Driver)", "Ian Kay (Sokovian SUV Passenger)", "Barry Aird (Sokovian Police Captain)", "Aaron Himelstein (Specialist Cameron Klein)", "Kerry Condon (F.R.I.D.A.Y. (voice))", "Jaiden Stafford (Nathaniel Pietro Barton)", "Dilyana Bouklieva (Sokovian Citizen (uncredited))", "Joti Nagra (Student (uncredited))", "Nick W. Nicholson (Dr. Taryl Jenkins (uncredited))", "Daniel Westwood (Asgardian God (uncredited))", "Devin Koehler (Citizen (uncredited))", "Josh Brolin (Thanos (uncredited))"], "comments": [{"pseudo": "Hotsake", "content": "There is a lot going on in this movie but it all just seemed kind of pointless and dull to me. Every now and then there would be a good scene or piece of dialogue but for the most part I felt myself getting bored and reaching for my phone to play Cribbage. I guess what I didn't like most is that it all felt like a big filler episode instead of an action packed character driven story arc."}, {"pseudo": "Andres Gomez", "content": "Action, good Fx and a \"not-completely-absurd\" story. The actors perform well and you can identify them very well with their characters ... but it is all old and without imagination.\r\n\r\nI suppose nobody was expecting anything else, though ..."}, {"pseudo": "Per Gunnar Jonsson", "content": "This is another one of those movies that you watch primarily for the special effects with you favourite super heroes slugging it out. It is a classical Hollywood product where the story is mostly there just as a vehicle for allowing the special effects team to do their business. As such it is a success.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts of with a display of action and the afore mentioned special effects with an attack by the Avengers on a bad guy stronghold. Not surprisingly the events sows the seeds for things to come.\r\n\r\nThe movie starts off with quite an interesting story idea with the activation of Ultron. However, once he materializes as a physical entity, it became a bit of seen that, been there and done that. Ultron just turns into yet another \u201cstandard\u201d comic book villain a\u2019 la Megatron running around trying to look intimidating while implementing his diabolical scheme. Okay, there was a bit of originality here and there but with the good start I kind of expected a wee bit more.\r\n\r\nHaving said that, the movie does indeed fulfil its purpose of showing off a bunch of super heroes slugging it out in a flurry of special effects and, although the story idea was perhaps not used as intelligently as I had hoped, it is not bad (for this kind of movie of course) and hangs together pretty okay. Sure, it is somewhat contrived and the means by which Ultron tries to exterminate humanity is overly complicated but it is still a decent story.\r\n\r\nOverall the movie was entertaining and provided the necessary special effects and super hero fix for those who are inclined to enjoy those kind of movies. I certainly am and, not surprisingly, the kids liked it as well."}, {"pseudo": "Gimly", "content": "**A long form review originally posted in 2015:**\r\n\r\nI\u2019ve just returned from two back-to-back viewings of _Avengers: Age of Ultron_, and I do not regret one bit going in for that second helping.\r\n\r\nI lost my steam on the _Age of Ultron_ wagon at a very inopportune moment. About three days before it came out. I was so heavily anticipating it for such a long time, that I was actually much more excited to see this movie when it was still two months away than I was waiting in line to get into the cinema it was playing at. The combination of the market-saturation and the fact that the _Ultron _hype-train has been running for literally years, with a first trailer dropping seven months before the damn thing came out, meant I got weary of the thing just a fraction too soon. But I\u2019m a sucker for the MCU, and there was no way I was missing the sequel to my favourite superhero movie of all time.\r\n\r\nI won\u2019t harp on too much, because I don\u2019t want to spoil anything (especially given that the movie isn\u2019t even out in most parts of the world), I will put out a spoilertalk on this blog at some point down the line, but for now just let me leave you with a couple of quick thoughts.\r\n\r\n_Age of Ultron_ is not the best film of all time. It\u2019s not the best superhero film of all time, it\u2019s not even the best MCU film. Honestly, I personally feel it\u2019s not even the best MCU Phase 2 film. But it is still good. And that\u2019s what\u2019s important here. But what do I mean by that? \r\n\r\nWell, for starters, in and of itself, I loved it, a breach past an 80% approval rating from me is no small thing. The things we enjoyed from the first _Avengers_are here. The mesmerising action spectacles of course, but I more mean the character moments we got between the Avengers themselves, that was my favourite part of the first film and we get it here again in spades. \r\n\r\nEvery new thing Joss has added to the plate works splendidly as well, real Hawkeye story, new heroes, a new villain, an updated world, all of these things are big ticks in lots of boxes.\r\n\r\nSo if everything from _The Avengers_ works and everything they\u2019ve added works great too, why is _Age of Ultron_ not a perfect film? For spoiler-free purposes I will not go into detail, but that\u2019s okay because the answer is quite simple: Everything in _Age of Ultron_ is great. It\u2019s what\u2019s not in _Age of Ultron_ that\u2019s the problem.\r\n\r\nJoss Whedon said that the film had to be cut by nearly an hour. That way you get more showings in, and that means more money. Now I\u2019m not saying we need every minute of that hour back, but what we ended up being left with, was just enough for _Age of Ultron_ to be the _Thor: The Dark World_ of the _Avengers _franchise (it was a far superior film to _Dark World_, but hear me out). _Age of Ultron_ is little more than a holding pattern. The set-ups for future films take up too much time for the story to bear the weight of some actual story, but everything that occurs in the film itself somehow also has virtually no consequence on world it is a part of. I can\u2019t say it more plainly than that: It\u2019s a holding pattern. It introduces some stuff, but it doesn\u2019t stand alone the first film did. It\u2019s not such a big deal when the solo-movies do that (like the aforementioned _Dark World_) because we have _The Avengers_ films for those to pay off in. But when an _Avengers_ entry is just more of the same, I can\u2019t fully get behind it.\r\n\r\nThat all said, _Age of Ultron_ is of course a lot of fun. A huge amount of fun, I can\u2019t state that enough. And there\u2019s literally nothing more important something in the entertainment industry can be. These are just the things holding it back from taking it up to the next level (or if I\u2019m being completely honest, even taking it to the level the first film was at).\r\n\r\n75%\r\n\r\n-_Gimly_"}, {"pseudo": "tmdb44006625", "content": "The fact that Joss Whedon was able to salvage some sort of coherent film out of all he was forced to cram into a single movie is quite commendable. But the sad fact is that Avengers: Age of Ultron is really just a run of the mill \"bad guy wants to destroy the world for reasons\" actioner that we've seen done better many times before.\r\n\r\nDon't get me wrong. The movie's fun. The dialogue is frequently clever and humourous. And I really appreciated the quiet bits of storytelling that Whedon was able to sneak in. It's just that at the end of the day, the villain is weak sauce, there's way too much set up for other movies, and if I'm criticizing Man of Steel for having excessive destruction, I can't give Avengers a pass since they needlessly blow up not one, not two, but three cities. Pretty sure many insurance agencies went bankrupt paying out all the victims."}], "recommandations_id": [100402, 76338, 102899, 271110], "youtube_key": "MZoO8QVMxkk"}